VOLUME LXXXIV.-yP* -172;-
TWENTY-FOUR
SEAMEN LOSE
THEIR LIVES
Bark Atalanta Goes Ashore
on the Coast of
Oregon.
Of Her Crew but Three Survive
After a Desperate Struggle in
the Breakers.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 18.— The bark Atalanta, bound
from Tacoma to South Africa, was wrecked upon Al
seya beach early yesterday morning. Twenty-four of
her crew of twenty-seven are missing, and the three men
saved are certain that their comrades either perished in the
breakers or are in imminent peril of their lives in the ruins of
the vessel. The survivors reached shore only after a terrible ex
perience.
When the Atalanta struck the bar her timbers at once
gave way and the whole crew made a rush for the hatchway.
They had hardly started when the vessel parted in the middle
and the masts snapped like kindling wood. The breakers swept
over the after decks and crashed through the cabin doors, and
then the men, seeing that the ship was doomed, sought safety.
A number who were on deck started to launch a life boat,
and while they were working with the davits a wave tore over
the deck and filled the boat. It dropped into the surf and al
most immediately filled with water. Five men were in it and all
but two were washed overboard. These two had no oars and
for hours they were buffeted about, powerless to choose their
course. In one of the sudden springs they found their craft
within arm's length of a third man, and at the risk of their
own lives they pulled him out of the surf.
For another hour the men were rocked upon the breakers
and then their boat was hoisted upon the crest of a great wave
high and dry upon the beach. Two of them were completely
exhausted, but the third still possessed a little strength, and he
ran through the wild country until he found a farmer, whom he
informed of the distress of his companions. Help was soon at
hand and all the men were taken to farm houses and cared for.
To-night one was unconscious, the others not in danger. No
one seems to know to what farm house they were taken or any
thing about them further than that they are survivors of the
wreck. The life saving crew is now looking for them.
The whole blame for the wreck is lodged with the captain.
He was too anxious to make a quick passage. All the way
down the coast he raced with another sailing vessel against
a terrific southwester. To make an advantageous tack he steered
close into Cape Foulweather, and not seeing the light supposed
his vessel to be far from the shore. Suddenly there was a
crash and the vessel began to go to pieces.
According to best accounts twenty-four lives are the penalty
(or the captain's rashness.
Notification of the wreck was not sent to the life saving
station twenty miles north of the bay for ten hours after the sur
vivors reached shore. Then the apparatus could not be hauled
down without horses, and by the time these were procured it
was too late and too dark to render effective service. Captain
Clark of the life-saving crew will make another attempt to reach
the vessel in the morning. Every wave is assisting in the de
struction of the bark.
Alseya Bay has no telegraph station and particulars are mea
ger. Reports from stations to the north state that the Cape
Foulweather light was concealed by a heavy fog when the wreck
occurred.
DISASTER DUE
TO THE CAPTAIN'S
FOOLHARDINESS
Carelessness Cost the Lives of Him-
self and His Crew— Life-Savers
Handicapped in Attempts
to Beach the Wreck.
TAQUINA, Or., Nov. 18.— The ship
Atalanta, 2*oo tons burden, from Taco
ma, with wheat for an African port,
was wrecked off Alseya Bay early
Thursday mnrning and now lies about
a mile from shore in the midst of roar-
Ing breakers. She carried a crew of
twenty-seven men, only three of whom
survive, so far as known up to the
present time.
The story as told by the survivors Is
that the wreck was due to the care
lessness of the captain, who paid for his
folly with his life, as none of the offi
cers escaped. They were racing with
another sailing boat and were keeping
close in shore in order to get the ad
vantage of the wind In tacking and to
make r hort cut to head off the other
vessel. They were close in shore, and,
not seeing the light at Cape Foul
weather, steered ahead until they
struck the reef about four miles below
Alseya Bay a- ' about a mile and a
half from the shore, with such terrific
force as to snap the masts off like
toothpicks, carrying the rigging and
everything w r ith it.
The men at that time were trying
to launch a lifeboat, and two of them
The San Francisco Call
were carried over with it. They suc
ceeded in rescuing one of their com
panions from the mass of wreckage and
drowning sailors, but were soon swept
away by the gale. They were tossed
in the breakers for hours, half naked
and nearly perishing, without oars.
They were entirely at the mercy of the
storm until it finally deposited them on
the beach. One of them made hi? way
to a cabin, and, awakening the occu
pants, started them in all directions for
help, which it was impossible for them
to give.
After they had arrived on the scene
so thoroughly exhausted were the men
that after twenty hours one of them
had not yet recovered his physical and
menta\ powers fully.
The people wer- very slow in notify
ing the life-saving station at South
Beach, tventy miles away. The report
did not r»ach Captain Clark until late
in the eveaing.
Captain Clark immediacy made
every effort possible to reach the wreck j
and rescue any one who might yet be, 1
on the wreck or penned up in the fore
castle, as supposed by the survivors.
Having no horses, they depended on
the neighboring farmers for assistance,
and obtained one team and a saddle
pony. The team was hitched to the j
surf boat wagon and the pony to the
cannon, and with tke crew and captain
pudbing with might and main they
struggled down the beach toward the
wreck, twenty /niles away.
Flesh and blood weie unequal to the
task of transporting \he heavy vehi
cles. After traversing about six miles,
the horses gay« up tin struggle and j
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898
DRIVEN TO DESTRUCTION ON A LEE SHORE.
The British Ship Atalanta, That Left Tacoma for Cape Town on the 12th Inst, Was Caught in the South
wester That Raged Along the Oregon Coast Last Wednesday and Went Ashore at Alseza Bay.
She Was Dismasted and Broke in Two. The Heavy Rollers That Broke on the Sandspit and
Over the Vessel Swept Her Decks Clear of Everything in a Few Minutes, ana Out of a Crew
of Twenty-Seven All Told Only Three Reached the Shore Alive.
PARTIAL LIST OF THE
MEN WHO LOST THEIR LIVES
TACOMA, Nov. 18. — The names of the
Atalanta's entire crew are not obtain
able, not having been filed with either
Shipping Commissioner Steel or British
Consul Alexander. The names of those
who joined the ship here and signed
before the British Consul are:
D. F. GBEEN, able seaman, aged
31, Chapel place, Dublin.
J. WEBBER, able seaman, 132
Forty-second street, New York.
S. A. JACKSON, able seaman,
Stockholm.
J. SMITH, Finsbury.
Q. COVALIS, Callao.
J. TONES, Valparaiso.
N. SOBENSEN, Bergen.
O. FBASEB, 329 Monroe street,
Philadelphia.
B. CODD, 74 Flanders street, Liv
erpool.
J. MASKS, Brightwood Addition,
Indianapolis.
Captain Charles Mcßride. or "Prince
Charles," as he was best known, was a
great favorite among local marine men.
The ship Atalanta sailed on Saturday
afternoon for Cape Town with 92.509
bushels of wheat. She was the lost ship
to start in the triple race to the Cape
then all forces were applied on the can
non and beach cart. They arrived at
Alseya early in the mornln- and, hur
rying to the wreck, found they were
unable to do anything, as the ship was
beyond the reach of their lines and
their cannon was useless.
The ship had broken in two and the
waves were dashing over her. Large
pieces o£ her works were being carried
away with each successive wave.
The beach is strewn with wreckage
of all descriptions.
If the story of the rescued sailors is
correct the officers of the bark were
responsible for this awful disaster. It
is to be hoped that when the apparatus
of the life-saving crew arrives and they
are able to reach the wreck they will
find that some of the seamen have
weathered it out until help arrived.
SCENH OF JH £ wr ' ECK '
Alseya Bay and river are between
CaDe Perpetua and Yaquina Bay. be
ing sixteen miles from Newport, which
is on Yaquina Bay, and eight miles
north from Cape Perpetua. The south
head is an abrupt, long, rounding cliff
oi sandstone of less than 100 feet in
height and covered with trees. The
nSrth point is broad, low and sandy
three-quarters of a mile long and
covered with driftwood. The entrance
to the river is one-quarter of a mi c
wide at the narrowest part. There is
no well denned channel and the depth
of water is from five to eight feet. A
mile and a quarter inside the entrance
the river expands into a bay about a
mile wide and one and five-eighths
miles long. It is filled with sand flats.
On the north side of Alseya Bay is
the small town of Collins and on the
south side is the town and Postofflce
of Waldport. Broad off the mouth of
the bay and eighteen miles from shore
there is seventy fathoms of water on
a sandy bottom.
A strong current, called the "David
son inshore eddy current," sets into
Alseya Bay. As an experiment the
Dawn, a steam launch that used to run
between Astoria and Ilwaco, was towed
to near Cape Orford and there cast off.
She then drifted northward in the cur
rent to the Alseya River, a distance of
ninety-five miles.
Juat how the Atalanta got ashore at
this particular place may never be fully
known. She left Tacoma on November
12 and passed Cape Flattery the same
day. Six days later she is wrecked
about 400 miles from her starting point.
"It was blowing a southwester on the
of Good Hope, to be participated in by
the ships Earl of Dalhousie, Imber
horne and Atalanta. The latter was
known in maritime circles as a crack
clipper and breaker of passage records,
having made many quick passages be
tween London and India. Captatn Mc-
Bride confidently expected to win the
race to Cape Town. The wager In
volved was the good-natured one of a
champagne dinner at Cape Town, to be
paid for by the ship making the longest
passage.
The general opinion among shipping
men here is that Captain Mcßride was
caught in the heavy southwest gale
after being given an offiner by a tug
outside of Cape Flattery. The weather
came on thick and the ship picked up
the southerly set of the Japan current
running down the coast. This set, to
gether with his lee drift, brought Mc-
Bride into the breakers before he was
aware of his position, there being no
clear weather for an observation. This
theory is made more plausible through
the fact that the Atalanta was obliged
to take anchorage in Clallam Bay, in
the Straits of Fuca, ou arriving there
because of the heavy gale and nasty
sea prevailing outside Cape Flattery.
He was windbound there ten hours and
then proceeded to sea.
I Oregon coast last Wednesday," said an
I old coasting captain yesterday, "and
I Judging by the seas outside it must
have been a ccrked. The chances are
that the Atalanta was caught in it and
was driven back. Then the compasses
may have been at fault and in a gale
there the current runs as much as four
or five mil's an hour, and then the
magnetic iron ore on the beach may
have helped along, and the nrst thin*?
those aboard knew the Atalanta was
hard and fast on the sand spit that
runs out from the north point of Alseya
Bay."
The Atalanta was built in 1885 at Port
Glasgow by R. Duncan & Co. She was
1693 tons net burden, 265.1 feet long, 39.7
feet broad and 23.4 feet deep. She was
owned by N. Hill of Greenock. The
insurance on both hull and cargo was
placed in England. Captain Mcßride,
who was In command of the Atalanta,
took charge of her the day she was
launched and was in command of her
to the last. She was a painted port
ship, very like the British ship Illawara
that left here for Sydney a few days
ago with a cargo of barley and flour.
SCENE OF THE WRECK OF THE ATA
UNTA M IHB.OBEGOfI COAST.
BRITISH SKIPPER
RAISES A BREEZE
Defies a Marshal of the
Admiralty Court.
I i
HIS CRAFT SEIZED FOR DEBT
HE TBIES TO PILOT HEB OUT OF
QTJEENSTOWN.
Buns Aground but Floats Again.
Is Chased by a Government
Steam Pinnace, but
Escapes.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
QUEENSTOWN, Nov. 18.— Something
in the nature of a sensation has been
caused here by the extraordinary con
duct of Captain Johnson, commander
of the British steamer Brlarden, Khich
arrived here on October 21 from New
York extensively damaged by severe
weather, during which she was almost
submerged for ten days. Since that
time the Brlarden has been repairing
for a passage west.
The Briarden was seized this morning
by a marshal of the Admiralty Court
for debt, and a bailiff was placed on
board of her. The captain determined
to defy the court and started for Dela
ware breakwater. But the pilot, who
was on board, refused to navigate the
ship out of the harbor, with the result
that the captain attempted to do so
and grounded the Briarden off Hall
Bow Light. Two hours later she was
floated off.
In the meanwhile the Admiralty
Court officials communicated with the
admiral in charge of this station and
the latter sent a steam pinnace to in
tercept the Briarden. The pinnace met
the Briarden as the latter was passing
out of Queenstown harbor at full
speed and ordered her to stop. The
captain of the steamer paid no atten
tion to the summons, but continued on
his way to sea as fast as the engines
of the Briarden could drive her, with
the little pinnace in hot pursuit. The
chase was watched by excited crowds
ashore. Off Spike Island the Briarden
had completely outdistanced the pin
nace and the latter gave up the pur
suit.
FIRST PENSIONER OF
THE RECENT WAR
Artilleryman Gates Gets $17 a Month
for the Loss of a
Lip.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.—Commis
sioner Evans of the pension office 'no
tified Secretary Alger to-day that Jesse
T. Gates, of the Second United States
Artillery, who lost part of his upper lip
In the West Indian campaign, had been
awarded the first pension on account of
the Spanish war.
The President and the Secretary of
War each took an interest in this case.
Ga+ — called on them in person soon
aft-- the close of the -ampalr" and
convinced them of the merits oi his
case. Gates will receive $17 a month,
and, this being inadequate, a private
pension bill increasing the pension, will
probably be introduced in Congress.
Claims on account of the Spanish war
are now coming in ranidly. The total
on file up to date is 1947 for war ser
vice and 178 for naval service, exclusive
of the claims of the battleship Maine
victims.
Pay for Cuban Soldiers.
NEW Nov. 18.— A Herald dis
patch from Havana says: The Cuban
army will receive one year's pay on De
cember 10. Notes for the balance due will
be lssued.and the troops will then be dis
banded. This Information comes from an
officer of General Garcla's personal staff,
on whose word implicit confidence can be
placed. -Erom what source the money will
come cannot be learned, but that the
United States has guaranteed the loan is
almost certain.
GIVE VENT TO THEIR
HATRED OF AMERICANS
Spanish Volunteers Parade in Ha-
vana, Shouting Insults to Their
Conquerors.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Horalrt. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett. .
HAVANA, Cuba, via Key "West, Fla.,
Nov. 18. — Last nighfs procession in
honor of St. Christor 1 --- the patron
saint of Havana, gave the Spanish '■ — *-
unteers an o-nortunity to give vent to
an expression of their hatred of Amer
icans. Late In the evening there gath
ered in the vicinity of the r-'ace of the
captain general several regiments of
volunteers to take part in the proces
sion.
Aft^r their dismissal from duty many
bands of these paraded, giving vent to
the cries, "Death to Americans," and
"Viva Espana." Bystanders were in
sulted and jostled about and the slight
est offensive incident would have been
the signal for some outbreak. As it
was, with many Cubans in the vicinity
who had come in from their camp at
Marianao, a collision was averted only
by a miracle, it seemed.
REBELS BANDING ON
URUGUAY'S FRONTIER
Former President Herrera Planning
to Seize the Reins of
Government.
Special Cable to The Call and the X«w York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MONTEVIDEO. Uruguay, Nov. 18.— The
Government has been informed that rev
olutionary bands are forming on the fron
tier and that they will soon invade the
country. No details of their numbers or
movements have been ascertained yet,
but it is believed that former President
Herrera is planning to seize the govern
ment. All preparations are being made
to resist.
Extension of the 0. R. and N.
PORTLAXI>, Nov. 18.— The O. R. & N.
has let the contract for building 140 miles
of railway from "Wallula Junction up the
Snake River to Lewlston, Idaho. Seims
& Coykendahl are the contractors, and
grading is now being actively pushed
both east and west from Riparla.
JOHN W. KEELEY.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
KEELEY OF
MOTOR FAME
IS NO MORE
Died at His Home of
Pneumonia.
WAS ILL LESS THAN A WEEK
SECRET OF HIS ALLEGED NEW
FORCE DIES WITH HIM.
Had Constructed and Discarded Mora
Than a Hundred Models in Tfla
Expensive but Futile
Experiments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 18.^Tohn W.
Keeley, the inventor of the Keeley
motor, died to-day at his home in this
city from pneumonia. He was taken ill
on Saturday last and continued to grow
steadily worse until his death. Mr.
Keeley was 61 years of age and leaves
a widow.
He was a native of this city. His
education was meager and at an early
age he became a carpenter, following
that trade until 1872.
It was in that year that he announced
the discovery of a ne»v force by which
motive power would be revolutionized.
Following this he constructed what has
become known as the Keeley motor.
On November 10, 1874, he gave its first
public exhibition before a number at
capitalists and scientists, who advanced
$100,000 to enable him to perfect his dis
covery and apply the principle. Since
then large sums of money have been,
expended on experiments without any
practical public results.
Between 1874 and 1891 Keeley con
structed and discarded 129 different
models. In the first model he employed
water as a generator, but later the ex
periments were made with what he
called a "liberator," a machine equip
ped with a large number of tuning
forks, which, he claimed, disintegrated
the air and released a powerful etherlo
force.
In 1888 he was for a time confined in
jail for contempt of court for refusing
to disclose the secret by which he pro
duced many remarkable effects in the
presence of experts, but until his death
the secret was knawn only to himself.
Among those interested in his scientific
efforts was Mrs. Bloomfleld Moore, the
well-known society woman, who ad
vanced sums of money to Keeley for
the purpose of his invention.
SIBERIA MAY BE A
RIVAL TO KLONDIKE
Route of the Proposed Railway Ro-
ported Extremely Rich in
Gold Fields.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 18.— Count
John Thun of Austria, who has arrived
here from Japan, came across Asia over
the route of the Trans-Siberian Rail
road. He left Moscow last May.
For some two hundred versts beyond
Irkutsk the journey was full of great
peril and required nine days and nights
of hard traveling, a greater part of the
time afoot, to go the distance.
Work upon this part of the road had
been well advanced a year or so ago.
but an era of unprecedented storms set
in and embankments and bridges to the
value of about 4,300,000 roubles were
■washed away. The work of restoring
them during the past summer was
greatly Interfered with by swarms of
insects and other pests which made it
impossible for the men to work.
Count Thun says it is Intensely cold
all along the line of the road, and for
the most part a barren and utterly
desolate country.
A region some 200 versts In extent In
each direction north of Manchuria in
China is undoubtedly full of almost
inexhaustible gold fields, but the ex
treme cold will not permit them to be
worked for more than three months in
the year. The road will, he thinks, be
completed in about two years' time, and
will be valuable chiefly in the move
ment of soldiers.
Interoreters in Fear of Highbinders.
FRESNO, Nov. 18.— At the preliminary
examination of Ah Tie, accused of the
murder of Ah Hack, it was found to be
impossible to proceed on account of the
fear of the Chinese interpreters. All
dreaded the highbinders and were afraid
to act. It was found necessary to clear
the room several times of the crowd of
Chinese, and the case finally went over.2
FOREIGNERS IN
ILOILO APPEAL
FOR PROTECTION
Dewey Cables That tJ>e losurgeQts
Overrui) tf)e Philippics
IslaQds.
Conducting Operations in Defiance of American
Advice— May Hasten the Treaty
of Peace.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18. — Newa of an important character came
to the Navy Department to-day from Admiral Dewey touching the
situation in the Philippines. The Admiral sent two of his warships,
the Charleston and Concord, some time ago to the southward from
Manila to ascertain whether there was truth in the report that the
Spanish had extended their action in that direction.
The cablegram sent by Admiral Dewey is as follows:
"JIAXILA. Nov. IS.— Secretary of the Navy, Washington: Charles
ton and Concord arrived to-day from Hello. They report that the en
tire islands are in possession of the insurgents except Iloilo, which
is defended by Spanish troops. All foreign citizens there as=k for
American protection. The island of Negros has declared independence
and desires American protectorate, DEWEY."
Glass is the commander of the
Charleston. So far nothing has been
done by the administration toward
curbing the insurgents in their opera
tions, save verbal representations from
the American commanders to Aguinal
do, in which it has been pointed out to
him that it would be good policy, in
view of the probability of the annexa
tion of the islands by the United Stales
to pursue a course that would not be
obnoxious to the United States. But
the situation is now realized to be
critical. So far as the Spaniards are
concerned perhaps they can be left to
take care of themselves, but the for
eign residents at Iloilo are differently
regarded.
The difficulty in the situation is that
with the best intentions to intervene to
protect the Europeans and other for
eigners and to save the city of Iloilo,
the second in importance in the Philip
pine group, from looting, the United
States forces appear to be stopped un
der the rules of war from moving from
their positions. Such is the construc
tion placed upon the clause in the pro
tocol relating to a suspension of hos
tilities.
The immediate effect of this state of
affairs may be to hasten action in the
Paris conference, for it is only by the
termination of that tribunal that the
United States can come to the relief of
the beleaguered Spaniards in Iloilo and
other points. It is said to be a fact,
however, that a total disagreement at
Paris may result in speedier action
than if the commissioners agreed upon
the main principles of the Philippine
cession, for in such case several ad
ditional sessions probably would be re
quired in order to arrange the details
of the treaty.
It is now thought to be certain that
the commission at a meeting next Mon
day or Tuesday will do one of two
things, i. c., either agree to the oes-
Blon of the Philippines or note a dis
agreement and dissolve the meeting,
for the administration is not disposed
to tolerate further delay and has so
instructed the United States commis
sioners. The latter sent a long cable
gram to-day in cipher. The decipher
ing occupied the entire official day
and meantime there were wild ru
mors touching the nature of its con
tents. As a matter of fact it was noth
ing more than an extremely verbose
INITIATION PRANKS
MAY CAUSE DEATH
Members of a Fraternal Organization
Cause Serious Injury to a
New Comer.
MOLINE, 111.. Nov. IS.— Dr. William P.
Bensibaugh, a dentist of Port Byron, just
east of this city, is in a serious condition
as a result of pranks played on him while
being initiated in a fraternal insurance
lodge in that village.
During the initiatory ceremonies ho was
blindfolded and given several shocks from
a live wire. The bandage over hit
having become loosened, he sought to out
wit those who were having fun at his ex
pense by locating the wire and attempting
to avoid it. One of the initiating team,
seeing the candidate was about to evade
the wire, gave him a little shove, which
proved sufficient to throw him off his bal
ance. He fell hands down on the battery
itself, receiving a shock which rendered
him unconscious.
After working over him for two hours
and finally reviving him. it was discovered
that his right arm hung limp and loose,
and in this condition it has remained ever
eince. A week ago the doctor was stricken
with an affection of the pneumogastrie
nerves. Since then he has been kept up
mainly through electrical treatment. One
of the* attending physicians says paralysis
of the nerve? is threatened, in which
event the sufferer cannot live.
MBS. HENBY LEDYABD DEAD.
Was a Daughter of the Late General
Lewis Cass.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— Mrs. Henry Led
yard died in London on Wednesday night,
aged 80 years. She was Miss Matilda
Cam, the daughter of the late General
Lewis Cass, who was for many years
Governor of Michigan.
Mrs. Led yard was a sißter of the late
Lewis Cass. ex-Minister to Rome. She
will probably be buried at Newport.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Exquisite
Bavarian China
Colored daisies on green back-
ground. . Dainty decorations
Tea and Chocolate Pots
Moustache and Tea Cups
Cracker Jars, Spoon Trays
Breakfast. Cake, Tea, and
Dessert Plates, Fruit Sau-
cers, Salads, Creams, Spoon
Holders, Butter Dishes —
everything attractive
Effective prices
GreatAmericanlmport'gTea Co.
S6 l Market, o?. Powell 705 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
218 Third >t. 18!S Devlsadero St.
506 Kearny St. 2008 Fillmore,St.
146 Ninth St. 521 MonMom^ry Ay.
2510 Mission St. I 190 Kentucky St.
'3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
355 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053WashingtonSt. 131 San Pablo Aye.
617 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN Ral AEI.— B St.. near Fourth.
. Write for Catalogues* •
statement of the Spanish side of the
case relating to the Philippines.
There was a renewal of the attempts
to take issue with the American con
tention as to the meaning of the proto
col clause relative to the disposition of
the Philippines and much quibbling,
accompanied by quotations from
French, Spanish and other European
languages, in the effort to demonstrate
to the Americans just what an English
word might mean. The Americans will
take no notice of this kind of a hair
splitting plea, but, at to-morrow's meet
ing will call on the Spanish commis
sioner« A tP, make answer to the Ameri
can proposition to -cede the Philippines,
and allow until Monday or Tuesday
only for a final and responsive answer
oh that point.
TO RAISE SPANISH WARSHIPS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— The Unit
ed States navy will soon possess more
than a sprinkling of foreign built war
ships. Admiral Dewey has informed
the Navy Department that he has con
tracted with a Plongkong firm of
wreckers to raise three of the Spanish
war vessels sunk in the battle of Ma
nila last May day. The cost of raising
the ships and putting them into thor
ough repair will be $500,000. The ves
sels to be raised are gunboats of large
type, and in the opinion of Chief Con
structor Hichborn they will be the very
best kind of craft for the protection of
the United States' interests among the
Philippines and along the Asiatic coast.
They are the sister ships Isla de Cuba
and Isla de Luzon and the Don Juan de
Austria.
MADRID WILL ACCEPT.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— A cablegram
to the Sun from Paris says: The situ
ation justifies the assertion that peace
is at last in sight. The Madrid Gov
ernment has definitely decided to accept
the American terms, or rather the best
terms available. Instructions to this
effect have been received by Senor
Montero Kios, president of the Spanish
Commission, and his associates, from
Prime Minister Sagasta, and although
Senor Montero Rios does not withdraw
his declaration that he will never yield
to the American demands, there can
be no doubt of the final result.
SOLDIERS ACCUSED OF
LAWLESS DEPREDATIONS
Cabinet Considers a Series of Com
plaints From Porto
Bico.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— The Cabinet
session to-day was devoted to a large
extent to the consideration of complaints
that have reached the War Department
alleging a state of practical anarchy in
Porto Rico.
These complaints assert that the law
less elements are committing depredations
of the gravest character, and that the
seriousness of the situation is increased
by the fact that United States troops
likewise have been guilty of gross mis
conduct. Secretary Alger, at the in
stance of the President, cabled General
Brooke inquiring as to the accuracy of
thp complaints.
The most serious allegations are against
brigands and lawless elements in the
smaller towns away from the coast. It
is said that, taking advantage of the un
settled state of tne country due to the
transfer of the Government from Spain
to the United States, bands of men have
organized for robbery and rapine, burn
ing houses and plantations and levying
tribute upon the people wherever possi
ble. In one cafe, it is said, they made a
raid on a small town of about 15.000 in
habitants, fifteen miles from the nearest
troops, and burned and destroyed prop
erty to a considerable value.
(ir-npral Brooke at San Juan has been
Instructed to use th<> full strength of the
military forces at his command for the
suppression of rioting and the restoration
of peace and order in the land.
SENATOB PERKINS BANQUETED.
Entertained at the Sutter Club in
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. IS.— A number of
prominent citizens of Sacramento ten
dered a banquet to-night at the Sutter
Club to Senator Perkins, who made many
warm friends during his residence in this
city years ago. A large attendance was
present. Frank Miller presided, and ad
dresses of welcome were made by Dr. G.
L. Simmons, William Schaw and H. =Wein
stock, sketching the success achieved by
the guest of the evening in the various
walks of life from his youth up.
Senator Perkins responded feelingly,
testifying his appreciation of the welcome
and outlining his opinions on the subjects
of expansion and the Nicaragua Canal.
Congressman Marion de Vries was also
called on and gave his views on the same
subiects. Both the speakers were enthu
siastically received and the affair was a
decided success.
MORE ROOM ON TRANSPORTS.
Spanish Decree Limiting the Number
of Troops.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Nov. IS.— Owing to the terri
ble death rate among the' troops returned
to Spain from Santiago while en route,
a royal decree has be.en issued limiting
thT' number of troops to be shipped on
each transport.
FIERCE, FIGHT FOR FREEDOM.
Guard Killed and Two Convicts Badly
Wounded.
COLUMBUS,. Ohio, Nov. 18.— As a re
sult of a desperate attempt made by two
convicts to escape from the penitentiary
about 8 o'clock this morning. Guard
Charles D. Lautrebach of Mount Vernon
was shot and killed, while Convicts
O'Neill and Atkinson received injuries of
a serioue nature and both are now in the
prison hospital.
Capital Thanksgiving Stories by
prominent writers, in next Sunday's
Call.
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
NEFF'S FRIENDS NAME
HIM FOR THE SENATE
JACOB H. NEFF, WHO IS BEING BOOMED BY HIS FRIENDS
FOR UNITED STATES SENATOR.
AUBURN, Nov. 18.— The friends here of the Hon. J. H. Neff, Lieu
tenant Governor-elect, have started a quiet boom for that gen
tleman for the United States senatorship.
It is understood that Mr. Neff is averse to the using of his
name, but his admirers claim that he is the most popular man
in California and his selection would bring more general satisfaction
to the whole people than any other man's.
Mr. Neff was seen last night at his apartments at the Palace and
was much surprised at the announcement of the kindly intentions of
his friends.
"Dear me," said the Lieutenant Governor-elect, "more honors for
me, eh? Well, now I want yo-u to say for me, and say it strong, that
I have not been and under no circumstances will I be a candidate for
the United States Senate.
"It i» very kind of my friends to wish so well of me, but I wish
they had not gone quite so far. I repeat that under no conceivable
circumstances will I become a candidate for the Senate."
DON CARLOS IS
GROWING BOLD
Open Threats Against
the Dynasty.
WILL ISSUE A MANIFESTO
DECLABES THE TIME TO ACT
HAS COMK
Discontent of the Army Made the
Most Of by the Followers
of the Spanish
Pretender.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— The Madrid
correspondent of the Standard, whose
dispatch is forwarded from the Span
ish frontier, says: The state of the
army causes anxiety in politi
cal and official circles. It is
an open secret that officers of all
ranks and the repatriated soldiers are
discontented — first, at the non-payment
of arrears, and then because they are
profoundly mortified at the manner in
which the war was conducted, which
prevented the army getting a much
desired opportunity of coping with the
Americans, as they believed the army
would have turned the tide in Spain's
favor.
Thus far the Republicans have not
attempted -to tamper with the loyalty
of the army, but the Carlists are posi
tively trying to do so in Catalonia and
Valencia. They announce th impend
ing publication of a manifesto, chiefly
addressed to the artillery, declaring
that Don Carlos no longer considers
himself bound to show any considera
tion for the present dynasty and Gov
ernment, whose shortcomings and er
rors have involved the loss of both
territory and honor.
The Carlists' threats are now so open
that all classes denounce their propa
ganda. The Madrid press sarcastically
advises the Government not to allow
itself again to be painfully surprised
by the Carlist rising as it was by the
Cuban and Philippine rebellions. Gen
eral Wevler is regarded by Snanish of
ficials as the most powerful and popu
lar amontr them. He seems inclined to
avoid political intrigues, and even
shows a disposition to support Senor
Sagasta and the Queen Regent. Neither
Marshal Campos nor General Pola
vieja enjoys equal prestige with the
army. _______________
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and Pensions for
Western Veterans.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 18.— The Presi
dent has appointed William L. Bell an as
sistant surgeon In the navy.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— James K. Dimond,
Pasadena, $8. Increase — Thomas J Burns
San Dieeo, $8 to $12; William- Ivans, Fort
Bra*g. $8 to $17: Original widow, etc.—
Annie Taylor, West Berkeley, %&: ' .
Oregon: Additional — Charles Herb,
Greenville, $8 to $10. Original ■widow (re
issue)— Leaner Garblson, Woodstock, $12.
The postoffice at Ople, Maripoßa County,
Cal., will be discontinued after November
30. Mall should be sent to Coulterville.
Also the office at Sherwood, Mendocino
County; mail to Willetts.
Mark E. McDonald was to-day appoint
ed Postmaster at Grayson. Stanislaus
County, Cal., vice J. P. Smith, resigned.
TO SINK ARTESIAN WELLS.
Naval Officer Assigned to Duty on
Goat .'.sland.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— A special to the
Evening Post from Washington says:
lieutenant W. S. Hughes of the navy
has been assigned to additional duty in
connection with the sinking of artesian
wells at Yerba Buena Island. This island
is in San Francisco harbor, a short dis
tance from Oakland. A naval training
station is about to be established there.
TWO RAILWAY WRECKS
One Man Fatally Burned and a Score
Seriously Injured.
WILTOX, lowa. Nov. IS.— Twenty-two
men were more or less injured in two
railway wrecks near here to-day, during \
a heavy fog. In a head-end freight col- j
lision on the Rock Island at Moscow j
Bra&eman John Donahue was fatally |
burned. Brakeman Marshall Miller has a |
leg broken. Three other trainmen were j
seriously injured. Donahue did not lone
survive. His injured comrades are being
civ-ed for at the Hotel Ludlow here by the
company's surgeons.
Just after the Moscow accident a con- i
struction train which left here to clear the
wreck was struck by the fast mail train.
The crew of the mail train failed to see i
the signal to stop displayed at Vilton. j
The construction train had. on board about
twenty men, including section men md '
citizens of Wilton going to the scene of
the MOSCOW wreck. Of this number sev
enteen wtre more or less injured but none
killed.
Conductor Roberts of the Rook Island
was ba«lly crushed. The fireman of the
fast mail, John Neiswanger of Davenport,
m badly injured by jumping from his
engine. The others injured include Wil
liam Mclntyre (leg broken) and Frank i
Anken (.leg and arm broken).
JOHN C. DONALDSON DEAD.
Was Celebrated as a Collector of An-
tiquities.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 18. — Colonel
John C. Donaldson died to-day from *
complication of diseases.
Colonel Davidson was famous as a col
lector of antiquities. His catalogue of
works of art, books, relics, historical doc
uments and other rarities is excelled in
no private collection in this country and
in very few museums. He did valuable
work in historical lields. His '•Public Do
: main," a volume of 2000 pages, was com
i pleted for the United States Government
in eight years and still stands as th^ only
complete reference history of public lands,
their acquisitions, distribution, grant, sur
veys, colonization and allotment.
He was the author of "George Catlin s
Indian Gallery," "Walt Whitman, the
Am< rican," arid other equally interesting
books.
WAR ON OREGON PRUNES.
San Jose Grange Fighting for the
Local Froduct.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 18.— San Jose Grange
is making a determined fight against th«
marketing of Oregon prunes in San Jose.
Lately, it is charged, many Oregon
prunes have been sold here and sent East
as Santa Clara County prunes.
While this year it is conceded that they
are larger than the local prune crop, it
is contended that they are inferior in
flavor and that they lack sugar. As a re
sult the local growers are making war on
them. It is now said that the Santa
Clara County dealers, or a majority of
them, will refuse to handle Oregon prunes
in the future.
MERCEDES CAN BE RAISED.
Found That She Was Sunk by Open-
ing Her Sea Valves.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Nov. 18.—Lieu
tenant L,ucien Young of the Hist reports
that It is practicable to raise the former
Spanish cruiser R£ina Mercedes, sunk on
June 6 near the entrance of Santiago
harbor during the engagement between
Admiral Sampson's fleet and the Spanish
marine and land batteries. He found
that she bad been sunk by opening her
sea valves; that her bottom In other re
spects Is in good condition, and by sim
ply plugging the valves she can be easily
pumped dry and raised.
TRAIN WRECK IN ARIZONA. ,
One Man Killed and Three Others
•paxnfur
fRESCOTT, Ariz.. Nov. 18.— A fatal
wreck occurred to-day on the S. F. P. and
P. road. An engine and caboose, backing
into town, ran Into two steers, throwing
the train Into a ditch. Watchman Hanks
was pinned between the engine and the
tender and killed. Engineer Clements,
Fireman Roilley and Brakeman Merritt
were seriously injured.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. Ail
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
25c. The g-enulne has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
PRIVATIONS OF
A WOMAN FROM
COPPER RIVER
Torn From Husband
by the Rapids.
ADRIFT IN THE MAD WATERS
FINALLY RESCUED MORE DEAD
THAN AXIVK
Her Clothing Gone, She Is Picked Up
by the Dora and Brought to
Juneau in Male
Attire,
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JI7NEAIT, Alaska, Nov. 10 fby steam
ship Cottage City). — In the cook's gal
ley of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany's steamer Dora, which arrived
here to-day, was a woman in male at
tire. She was busy washing dishes. She
had on a pair of dilapidated shoes,
which some one had thrown to the four
winds of Copper River, and through
which peeped several pink toes; ragged
trousers, no suspenders, an old under
shirt and a red handkerchief for- head
covering. But it was evident the
woman had the sympathy and respect
of the passengers and crew. Her ap
pearance was a magnet to people on
the dock, who swarmed amidship to
see her. Perceiving herself the object
of so much doubtful curiosity the poor
woman hid herself in humiliation. Her
story Is far tougher than she looked.
John Henderson and wife, not much
more than a year out of Finland — even
to which uttermost part of the earth
had spread news of the riches of the
Klondike — sailed for New York, thence
traveled to Alaska, and found them
selves last May facing the Valdez gla
cier, that icy gatev ay to the Copper
River Valley. They sold everything
they owned in Finland and invested the
money in transportation and a fine
outfit sufficient for two years' prospect-
Ing.
They didn't find any gold in the Cop
per River country, and about a month
ago decided to come out. John Hen
derson and wife and another man,
without experience in navigation suf
ficient to steer a prairie schooner over
a smooth surface, attempted to go
through the fearf-1 rapids of the Cop
per River Canyon in a small boat
where the water rears and plunges as
it does over the seal rocks at the Cliff
House on a stormy d.ay.
Mrs. Henderson was kindly permit
ted by the two men to remain in the
boat while they went above on the edge
of the canyon with a small rope to let
the boat down through the rapids as
they walked along. The line parted at
a knot. Then away as swift
as an arrow shot the boat and the good
wife. Her farewell was a look of hor
ror and a scream.
Who has not seen a kite, which has
dropped its tail, whirl in circles and
swoop hither and thither in the sky?
In that same way rode the boat and
Mrs. Henderson through that water.
When they found her she was lying
half dead and bent around a boulder
by the current. Her boots were gone,
her clothing almost torn from her body,
and she was bleeding.
Their boat and all their effects lost,
they stood at the rim of the raging tor
rent and tried to count the days be
tween them and death by starvation.
But the weather was kind to them if
the water was not, and in three days
they were able +o make their way to an
Indian camp on the lower river. The
two men divided their clothing with
Mrs. Henderson. One gave her his
shirt and trousers: the other his coat
and shoes. They traveled with the In
dians and finally made their way to a
point near Kanik, on Cooks Inlet,
where the Dora picked them up.
This is the last trip of the Dora for
the season, and she stopped at nearly
every place where smoke was seen on
the shore in order to pick up stragglers
and save them from a terrible winter.
Captain Johannson did what he could
to assist the Hendersons. The husband
was set to work as a deckhand and his
wife was permitted to make herself
useful in the galley.
The unfortunate condition of Mrs.
Henderson became known to a number
of ladies of Juneau through the me
dium of Martha White, a passenger
from Cooks Inlet. The latter said she
had been running a hotel at Sunrise
City, and after a week in Seattle would
go to her home in Elmhurst, Alameda
County, to spend the winter. She ex
hibited a bottle of fine gold which she
said was taken from several claims she
has acquired in the Resurrection River
district.
Mrs. Major Orton and Mrs. C. Li.
Parish interested themselves in Mrs.
Henderson's behalf. In the few hours
before the Dora sailed to Seattle and
probably thence to San Francisco for
the winter they had secured for Mrs.
Henderson from generous merchants a
complete outfit of clothing, from shoes
to jacket and hat, and raided by gen
eral subscription and presented to her
the sum of $38.
These most unfortunate of Copper
River gold seekers are going to Pan
Francisco, where they have been told
there is a Finnish Consul, whom they
will ask to help them get work. In her
complete costume Mrs. Henderson
looked a tall and attractive woman.
The Dora brought down the last of
the Copper Riverites. She is the last
ship from the westward, and there will
be no more communication with that
vast section of Alaska till next spring.
RAY OF SUNSHINE FOR
PERSECUTED DREYFUS
Devils Island Prisoner Informed of
the Revision Proceedings in
His Case.
PARIS. Nov. 18.— The Governor of
French Guiana has sent a dispatch to the
French Colonial Office here saying that
Alfred Dreyfus, the former French officer
undergoing imprisonment for life on
Devils Island, has been informed of the
reviston proceedings in his case.
Killed by a Runaway.
JAMESTOWN, Cal., Nov. IS.— Mrs.
James McCormack, mother of Supervisor
J. M. Phelan, an old and respected resi
dent of Southern Tuolumnev met death
in a runaway accident near Groveland
last evening. The horse attached to her
cart became frightened and ran down a
Bteep grade, throwing her out of the ve
hicle. She was picked up unconscious,
dying in an hour.
Jano-wski Wins at Chess.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— Janowskl won
the first game of the chess match, a
queen's gambit declined, against Show
alter this afternoon.
SPAIN'S COMMISSION
READY TO YIELD
Belief at Washington That the
Peace Treaty Will Be Signed
Within a Week.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald sends the following: It is the confident expectation of the ad
ministration to-night that within twenty-four hours Spain will give
the American Peace Commissioners to understand that she will prp
testingty comply with their demands for the cession of the Philippines.
A Cabinet official said to-day he believed the treaty of peace would toe
in preparation within a week. This feeling is based upon advices
which haye been received from Mr. Da,y showing that he and his col
leagues are satisfied that there will be no interruption of the negotia
tions, and that consequently the Spanish representatives will agree to
the transfer of the archipelago.
ENGINE STRIKES
SECTION CREW
Eleven Workmen Killed
Outright.
SEVERAL FATALLY INJURED
WERE REPAIRING TRACK IN A
DENSE FOG.
They Failed to Hear the Approaching
Train and Were Ground to
Death TJnder tho
Wheels.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— While twenty
track hands were at work upon the
Pennsylvania Railroad line over the
Hackensack, near Jersey City, to-day,
they were run down by a local pas
senger train. Eleven of the workmen
were killed outright and six were seri
ously injured. Following are the killed:
Frank Bodoski.
Giuseppe Colasurdo.
Thomas Doherty.
Thomas Flannagan.
Joseph Faggea.
Michael Lawless.
Nicola Lucci.
Frank Ludowski.
Angelo Puggo.
Frank Slumisky.
Giuseppe Stinziano.
The injured are: Lawrence Hoffman,
Michael Miller, Frank Swanzekoweki,
who will die, John Wangdon.
The accident occurred about two and
a half miles west of Jersey City, Just
beyond the Hackensack River bridge.
At that point there are four tracks, two
devoted to passenger and two to freight
traffic. At the north are the shops and
tracks of the Delaware, Lackawanna
and Western Railway.
Foreman Quirk took out a gang of
nineteen men at 8 a. m. to repair track
Xo 4— the westbound freight track— at
that place. Quirk saw that the fog
meant danger, so he sent ahead two
men. Lawless and Doherty, to give
warning of approaching trains. Law
less was to go west and Doherty east
and cover all the tracks. They were to
shout warnings at the approach of
trains. The passenger tracks were kept
busy with incoming suburban trains
and the smoke and steam from these
trains helped to make the atmosphere
more dense.
Suddenly at about 8:30 there was a
shout from Lawless, who was the ad
vance guard of the gang.
"Train No. 3," he cried.
It was an eastbound freight tram
that came along slowly, leaving behind
it a heavy pall of smoke. The men
who were scattered along the track
jumped out of the way. Almost all of
them jumped over to track No, 1, the
eastbound passenger track. The heavy
smoke enveloped them, and the men,
many of them new hands on the road,
shivered with fright, for they could not
see and could scarcely hear the ap
proaching trains that followed^ the
freight.
Lawless, too, had jumped across to
track No. 1, keepincr all the time a
sharp lookout. Suddenly there was a
rumble of wheels and the shriek of a
whistle. The Millstone local, delayed
by fog, was coming along at the rate
of forty miles an hour. Lawless was
struck and thrown thirty feet away,
mangled and bleeding.
On went the train. Engineer Van
Norstand had scarcely noticed the
man's body flying through the air
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4- > -f ■♦: -K4-^f + + + + + 4- + + + -f + + -f + -f + i + > + + 4 + ■^■"f" + + +
I THE IDEAL TYPE OF MAN! , I
"*" Every man feels a pride in whatever, of physical development he may' -<^ :
'+ possess. He knows . that it makes other men envy and women- ad- T
4- mire him and it giv-js him confidence in himself.. Physical force, ia .>.
a crand thins and grows naturally from the animal electricity that 4.
■*"ris in the body Most men waste this wonderful power by excesses and £
+ dissipation, but it . can ; be; restored/ . The. electricity from • -• •<• r^-
s DR. SAKDEN'S ELECTRIC / BELT. , : ? | ;
"*" This is your hope. . Ten thousand strong men are now praising it. It ■$• "'■
+ Klvesa firmness to the grasp of your hand, a.spring to your step and .+ .
& a bHeht sparkle to your eye. It develops manhood in every shape. T,:-
♦ Read Dr. Sanden's book. "Three Classes of Men, about it; free. Call or Tj : "
If address. 7 "-■ *' - " , ' ~ .. ; . L-ti"*** •*'!•"'-
: DR. A. T. SANDEN, * kot in drug stores. ** :
L, 70S Market Btmi. Omn K—nj, to* Tnatltat.
nn f fl« hnur. Ja mtoB p. m. : Sunday». 19 Dr. Sanden's Btoetric Belt +
♦.« i ; bSn at Lo« Angeles. Cal.. 304H •• never sold in flru« store. .
Z. Bm,th Roadway' PortUnd. Or.. 263 Washing nor by traveling a B e^t»; only "♦"
& foT«£t?^r Colo n Sixteenth B tre«t; at our offlce. f
r*- Dallas. Tex.. 280 Main street. • r  ■ * ,-■•,- : ' .."'' »■:4; ;
when the engine struck Doherty; then
it plowed into the mass of cowering
men who stood huddled together on the
traok.
"It was an awful sight," said the en
gineer, later. "There was a mass or
legs and arms and heads flying througft
the air. I was drenched with blood. I
knew that something terrible had hap
pened, and put on the air brakes as
hard as possible.
"When the train came to a standstill
the passengers rushed out. The track
was covered with blood. The meadows
and the track looked like a battlefield
covered with bodies. The shrieks of
the dying drowned the cries of the hor
rified passengers. Women fainted and
men turned away in horror. Of the
nineteen men, nine were dead and six
wounded. Some one telephoned quickly
to Jersey City. Many of the bodies
still writhing in mortal agony, were,
placed on the train and borne to the
city. Two of the wounded died on the
way. A relief train brought back the
others."
William Quirk, the foreman of th&
gang of men, made this statement:
"The smoke and fog are to blame.
My men were Jn a cloud of smolie when
the calamity came upon us. I had Mi
chael Lawless stationed about , fifty
yards ahead of the gang to give us
warning. Lawless was struck first and
cut to pieces. My men were mowed
down like grass."
There were harrowing scenes when
the bodies reached the Pennsylvania
railroad yards in Jersey City. The rel
atives of the dead were beside them
selves with grief. Half a dozen women
were overcome and had to be taken
home by the police.
FEVERS DECIMATING
TROOPS AT HONOLULU
Alarming Number of Patients in the
Hospitals — The Death Roll i
Increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— fal
lowing report has come to the War
Department from General Merriam at
San Francisco, commanding the De
partment of California., dated . yester
day:
Adjutant General, "Washington. •"D.r-C:
Reports from .Honolulu up to November
! 9 say General King's detachments board
i ed the Arizona November 7, leaving .150
sick in hospital. The Arizona" was still
anchqred outside of ..ue harbor for the
typhoid. General King is himself ill, but
me disease is not reported. The surgeon
reports 292- cases in hospital;" 63* being
typhoid and 40 malarial fever; remainder
convalescent or other causes. . fcin*i%-
ing deaths are reported in First ' New
York Regiment: • -.-.•■,•■ ■- ■ : 'r. %tf{/T>P'
'Private Clarence H. Porter. Company
H, malaria; Private Charles H. Thomp
son, Company H, tuberculosis; Private
Webster McCarthy, Company A, .typhoid;
Sergeant William Goodrlck, Company C,
typhoid; Private George Van Kuren,
Company M, typhoid; Corporal Oscar R.
Wheeler, Company E. tyhpoid.
Dates of deaths not given and no lists
of other regiments. --"■;"- '£■"'
TOWN OF PANA STILL
IN A TERRIFIED STATE
Frequent Encounters — Deputy Sheriff
Shot From Ambush — Fam
ilies Fleeing.
PANA, 111., Nov. 18.— The town has been
kept in a state of terror all evening by
numerous encounters between negroes and
striking miners. Both are heavily armed
and use their ammunition freely. About
7 o'clock Deputy Sheriff Sid Watts, who
was returning from the Springside mine,
where he had been on duty, was shot from
ambush. The bullet took effect in his
right arm, which had to be amputated.
A number of residences have been pierced
by bullets, and those who are able to do
so have sent their families to the country.
The principal streets are patrolled by sol
diers. Captain Butler had a long .-con
versation by telephone with Governor
Tanner to-night, and it is said more troops
will be here to-morrow.
Pioneer Dies From His Injuries.
NAPA, Nov. 18.— Hftirj- Amos, a native
of Virginia, aged 54 years, and a resident
of California sine- IS4P, died to-day from
being knocked down t\v a team on Xo
vember 11. An invalid wife and threa
daughters survive.THE NEW CHARTER WILL BE
RATIFIED BY THE LEGISLATURE
ASSEMBLYMEN AND SENATORS
FROM MANY DISTRICTS ARE
IN FAVOR OF ITS ADOPTION
Poll of Legislators Shows a Big
Majority Favorable to the
New Organic Law.
RESULTS SHOWN BY THE POLL OF LEGISLATORS.
For the Charter - &2,
. Against the Charter - - INone
Non-Commlttal ~ - * 7
; Unheard from SI
SAN FRANCISCO'S new charter will be ratified by the
Legislature. Such is the verdict of a majority of the
members of both houses of California's law-making body,
and as such it may be received by the people of this city
as an authoritative denial of all the rumors to the contrary that
have gone abroad since the voters of San Francisco expressed
their wishes at the late charter election.
The Call, believing that the acceptance or rejection of the
new charter by the Legislature is a matter in which every per
son is interested to a greater degree than in any other measure
that will come up for final action at the coming session of the
Legislature, has. as far as has been possible to do so. taken a
poll of the Assemblymen and Senators who are entitled to seats
in the Legislature on the subject of their views concerning the
disposition that should be made of San Francisco's new charter.
Replies have been received from more than half of the legis
lators, and in no single instance has a reply signified a desire to
vote against the ratification of the charter. A few of the legis
lators were non-committal for the reason that they were unfa
miliar with the issues involved, and therefore did not feel com
petent to express an opinion one way or the other. The great
majority, however, were outspoken in their desire to ratify the
wishes of the voters of this city as expressed by the result of the
charter election. This majority favorable to the ratification of
the charter is so overwhelming as to leave no doubt as to what
the result will be when the question is to be put to a vote dur
ing the coming session of the Legislature.
Many of the legislators of whom telegraphic inquiry was
made by The Call could not be found immediately, and it is
therefore impossible to secure their views on the subject of the
charter. This fact, while regrettable, does not in any way affect
the result, as enough replies were received to make certain what
action will be taken by the Legislature.
All of the replies received are here printed in full, in order
that the reader may judge as to the meaning sought to be con
veyed by each legislator in making his answer to the question
propounded.
The result of this poll, which has involved some time and
trouble and no inconsiderable expense, will no doubt be gratify
ing to a majority of the citizens of San Francisco. It will at
least set at rest the baseless rumors that have been circulated
concerning the action that will be taken by the Legislature in
the matter of the city's proposed new organic law.
STANFORD'S MEN
AT THE SPRINGS
Football Candidates in
Fine Spirits.
WEEK OF SECRET PRACTICE
COACH CROSS WILL BE ABLY
ASSISTED.
List of Sick and Injured Larger Than
Ever Before in the History of
the Game at Palo
Alto.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CONGRESS SPRINGS, Nov. 18.— The
Stanford football squad arrived at Con
gress Springs Hotel to-day at 1 o'clock,
for a week's secret practice before the
big gar. > with Berkeley next Thurs
day. There are thirty-four players,
Coaches Cross and Clemens. '93, and
Manager Prichard. As the- drew ud
before the hotel they were greeted by
the feve: convalescent squad that was
sent up last Tuesday to recover from
malaria. They are all very much im
proved.
The men were in fine spirits, but they
do not move and look like athletes |
ret?'''- for the finishing touches after a
wason's training. Trainer McLeod
eald th-t their apparent listlessness
■was due to the hot weather they had
on the university campus and the very
fcard practices before coming up. It is
hoped that the mountain air will soon
have them edge. The inexperi
enced colt* of this year's team are a
different aggregation from the old vet
erans of last year's team. They over
n.-i the place, and arc as anxious as
small boys to try every game and see
everything within two miles of the
hotel.
The men on the injured and sick lists
are more numerous than ever before in
the history of the game at Stanford.
The following men with good varsity
prospects are shelved: Fisher, slightly
stale; Wilson, right varsity tackle, has
water on the knee, may be kept out of
the game on account of it; James, tried
to play this afternoon but was soon
forced to retire on account of weakness
which still holds on from his recent ill
ness! Oilman, not practicing because of
a broken nose; Plate, a badly twisted
knee and will be unable to play for a
few days.
The second team suffers more from
losa of men than the varsity. It has
laid off Emerson, Nourse, McFadden,
Erb, Bentley, Eaton and Beckett, each
being either sick or injured.
Coaches Harry Cross and Clemens
have outlined a stiff programme for the
squad. It will rise at 6:30 and take a
short run up the hills, followed by
breakfast at 7. The men may then be
at liberty until 10:30, whon they line
up for an hour of signal practice.
Luncheon comes at 12. The heavy
afternoon practice begins at 2:30 and
lasts until the coaches call it off. Din
ner at 6, and by 9:30 every man is
tucked into his bed.
This afternoon's practice was hard
and heavy, with spirited spurts by the
second team. Hill scored the only
touchdown for the Scrubs made dur
ing the game. Rurmlster came out
again and soon earned a place on the
varsity. 'James played on the varsity,
but had to withdraw in a short Mme.
Cox took his place and did ~ood work.
Dole hurt his injured foot and retired.
Geissler played on the varsity a short
time. He twisted his neck and is now
under Trainer McLeoi's care. Beckett
was the only other man forced to retire
during the game.
Freeman played center on the varsity
and se«ms to be the man for the
position. His passing it not up to the
standard, but his defensive and offen
sive work was very fine. Burmister
backed up his line and bucked the
center in good form. Rusk also played
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
LIVERMORE, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: I favor the new San
Francisco charter and will probably
vote for it.
WILLIAM MCDONALD.
Assemblyman, Forty-sixth District.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: I see no reason at^ the
present time why I should not favor
the ratification of the new charter as
adopted. MORRIS BROOKE.
Assemblyman, Twenty-second Dis
trict.
VALLEJO, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The people adopted the
charter and I consider it my duty to
vote for it, aside from favoring good
government. J. J. LUCHSINGER,
Senator, Ninth District.
EUREKA, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Don't know anything
about provisions ot charter. Will in
vestigate the matter and vote as I
think right. J. N. GILLETTE,
Senator, First District.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The people of San Fran
cisco having decided in favor of the
new charter the Legislature should re
spect their wishes.
WILLIAM MEAD,
Assemblyman, Seventy-third District.
STOCKTON, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The people of San Fran
cisco having declared in favor of the
; new charter I feel at the present time
I that the Legislature should ratify it
so long as the rights of the people out
side of San Francisco are not infringed
upon. P. E. DUNLAP,
Assemblyman, Twenty-fifth District.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: I don't know any reason
why I should not at this time support
the Republican State platform.
JOE M. KELLEY,
j Assemblyman, Forty-eighth District.
PASO ROBLES. Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Generally speaking I
favor home rule for cities. Favor rati
i fication of San Fiuncisco's new charter.
J. K. BURNETT,
Assemblyman, Sixty-seventh District.
UKIAH, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The people of San Fran
cisco voted in favor of the nei| char
ter. I shall vote for its ratification by
the Legislature. J. B. SANFORD,
Assemblyman, Ninth District.
MARY6VILLE, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: If legislative represen
tatives of San Francisco vote for the
charter I certainly shall also. If they
do not I shall examine the charter and
form my own opinion.
W. M. CUTTER.
Senator. Sixth District.
AXTIOCH, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The charter being a
local matter and the people of San
Francisco having adopted it I shall
vote to ratify it.
C. M. BELSHAW,
Assemblyman, Twenty-fourth Dis
trict.
PASADENA, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: I believe in local self
government. *7e must trust the peo
ple. I shall vote for the charter adopted
by the people of San Francisco unless
it develops that fraud exists. As the
case now stands I am for the charter.
WALTER S. MELICK.
Assemblyman, Seventieth District.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: My vote will be for your
charter. It has many good features.
Its defeat would be a loss to the cause
of good government.
N. P. CONREY,
Assemblyman, Seventy-fifth District.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The people of San Fran-
good ball. Murphy Is In fine fettle and
is full of life. His punting, however,
is not what it used to be. but this may
be due to .the bad field. He will be
given a thorough drill in this depart
ment for the next week.
The coaching this afternoon was
performed by Cross, Clemens and Cap
tain Fisher.
The following alumni coaches are
expected: Code, '96; Harrelson, '95;
Downing, '95, and Frankenheimer, "95.
The following men are now here:
Wilson, James, Clinton, Emerson, Erb,
Gilman. Rice, Daggett, Rusk, Plate.
Beckley, Beckett. Bidwell, Nourse. Mc-
Fadden, Geissler, Eaton, Hill. Freeman.
i Faris, Burmister, Downing. Parker.
Bentley, Murphy, Fisher. Sell, Blan
chard, Cox and Dole.
SALINAS SUGAR FACTORY
IRRIGATION SYSTEM
Sprcckels Company Lets the Big Con
tract and Work Will Begin
at Once.
SALINAS. Nov. 18.-The Spreckels
i Sugar Company will commence work next
I Monday on the irrigation system of their
i property near Salinas known as Ranch
No. 1. They have entered into a con
tract with the W. \V. Montague Com
pany of San Francisco to furnish 21,000
feet of iron and steel pipe, ranging from
28 to 32 inches, and to furnish all neces
sary material, make excavations and fur
nish labor for completing all work. The
irrigating system will be over four miles
! long and water will be supplied from the
I new pumping plant at the factory and
; from its huge 1.300.000 gallon reservoir.
I The system has to be finished on or be
! fore March 1. 1899. and will be one of
the greatest undertakings of this section.
The cost of piping, labor, running ditches,
etc., is estimated to be not less than
$150,000. This system will eliminate all
danger from a dry season.
BAINING IN SONOMA.
Gentle Downpour Gladdens the
Hearts of Farmers.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 18.— Rain com
menced faalllng In Santa Rosa and vi
cinity to-night. Farmers are very jubi
lant, as the country has been greatly in
need of moisture. It will mean thousands
of dollars in the pockets of the farmers,
as mu^h sowing 1 has been done In Sonoma
County.
Cisco having adopted the charter in my
opinion It should be ratified by the
Legislature.
,WILLIAM D. KNIGHTS,
Assemblyman, Twenty-first District.
TULARE, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Comes the same cry
from every State in this nation: Re
move the yoke of oppression, extend
equal rights to all and happiness will
follow. San Francisco must have the
new charter. HENRY L. PACE,
Senator, Thirty-second District.
TULARE, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Without having given
the matter much consideration I am in
clined to favor the new charter and
vote for its ratification.
E. T. COSPER,
Assemblyman, Sixty-fourth District.
JACKSON, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The government of San
Francisco should correspond to the
growth and commercial prosperity
guaranteed that city by the coming
construction of the Nicaragua canal. I
am for the charter.
JOHN F. DAVIS,
Senator, Fourteenth District.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: I believe the charter
adopted by the people of San Francisco
a good one. My vote in the Legislature
will be to ratify. J. A. BLISS.
Assemblyman, Fiftieth District.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The people of San Fran
cisro have said by their ballots that
they want the charter. It is infamous
to even suggest that a Republican
Legislature would do otherwise than
; indorse the action of the people of that
I city. If it comes before me for official
I action I shall vote in accordance with
the platform of the Republican party.
F. W. LEAVITT,
Senator, Twenty-sixth District.
SONORA. Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The Democratic State
1 platform having declared in favor of
! the ratification of the new charter It
will receive my vote.
J. B. CURTIN,
Senator, Twelfth District
ST. HELENA, Nov. IS.
Editor Call: Have not carefully read
. charter. At present am disposed to
i comply with request of platform and
vote for it. OWEN WADE,
Assemblyman, Eighteenth District.
CROWS LANDING, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: I intend to stand by the
Demivratic platform and will vote for
charter. Would do so if not in plat
form. GEORGE R. STEWART,
Assemblyman, Fifty-seventh District.
SUISUN, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: I will vote to ratify the
charter adopted by the people of San
Francisco at their charter election.
ALDEN ANDERSON, .
Assemblyman, Nineteenth District.
BLUE LAKE, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Favor charter and shall
probably vote for it.
G. D. MARVIN.
Assemblyman, Second District.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: I believe in the prin
ciple of local self-government. The peo
ple of the metropolis have voted in fa
vor of a local organic law. I shall vote
to sustain their verdict.
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Senator, Thirtieth District.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: On principle I favor lo
: cal government. San Francisco adopted
! a law and is amenable thereto and her
| wishes should b« consulted, and in ab-
I sence of objection to validity I would
j not oppose ratification.
W. F. COWAN,
Assemblyman, Seventeenth District.
MOUNTAIN VIEW. Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Do not fully understand
conditions of now charter, but if ma
jority of San Francisco people want it
i I shall favor it.
WALTER A. CLARK,
Assemblyman, Fifty-fourth District.
PRINCETON, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: £ believe that if the peo
ple of San Francisco have approved of
the charter it is the duty of the legls
i lators at large to carry out the wishes ;
NEW YORK FRUIT
MEN INDIGNANT
Shipments From Cali
fornia Delayed.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC SCORED
SHOWS NO CONSIDERATION FOR
ITS PATRONS.
Cars of Dried Fruits Out Thirty or
Forty Days and Nothing Has
Yet Been Heard of
Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— Fruit men are
complaining of the delay in the arrival
of California dried fruits and blame the
Southern Pacific for unsatisfactory
service.
R. S. Mclntosh of Porter Bros. & Co.
said: "We have had cars out thirty
or forty days and have heard nothing
from them. I don't know whether they
are at New Orleans or not, but I do
know all buyers are complaining they
are not able to fulfill their contracts.
It seems to me the Southern Pacific
has acted very independently in the
matter and could have given us much
better service if it had wished."
Mr. Clappe of Francis H. Leggett &
Co. said: "There are large arrivals of
dried fruits, but they are far behind the
quantity which should be here and
which is under order. At the beginning
of the season we were persuaded by
the Southern Pacific to route our goods
at the people directly concerned, and.
having this opinion, the charter will
have my vote. JOHN BOGGS.
Senator, Eighth District.
ANAHEIM. Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The people of San Fran
cisco having adopted a charter satis
factory to them I deem It my duty to
respect their wishes by voting for it.
H. W. CHYNOWETH,
Assemblyman, Seventy-sixth District.
REDDING, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: The adoption of the
charter was the emancipation of the
people of San Francisco. It is the
slogan of a revivified people. . Am a
"most sincere and unswerving advocate
for ratification.
CHARLES H. BRAYNARD,
Assemblyman, Fifth District.
SPADRA, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Have not had time, ow
ing to business, to examine charter
carefully enough to say how I would
vote on question.
A. T. CURRIER.
Senator, Thirty-eighth District.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Have not given the
matter any attention. Cannot say how
I will vote until investigate more fully.
Mr E. ARNERICH,
Assemblyman, Fifty-sixth District.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 18;
Editor Call: Have not Investigated
subject. My vote will be for the best
interests of San Francisco.
R. C. DALE.
Assemblyman. Sixty-sixth District.
FRESNO, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: After investigation,
what in my own judgment seems to be
right relative to vote on charter I will
do. Judgment in advance from legis
lator from the interior of the State
cannot fairly be demanded.
CHESTER ROWELL,
Senator, Sixteenth District.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Platform of Alameda
County Republican convention pledged
legislative nominees to vale to approve
charter. Snail certainly abide by plat
form. JOSEPH R. KNOWLAND,
Assfrnblyman, Forty-seventh District.
JACKSON, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Replying to your tele
gram of this date, will state that I
shall vote to ratify San Francisco char
ter. A. CAMINETTI.
Assemblyman, Fifteenth District.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 18.
Editor Call: Not sufficiently familiar
with charter to give definite answer.
A. S. CROWDER,
Assemblyman, Eightieth District.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: For various reasons it
is impossible for me to now express
myself on the San Francisco charter
proposition. LEWIS R. WORKS.
Assemblyman, Seventy-ninth District.
ANAHEIM. Nov. 18.
Editor Call: If charter is satisfac
tory to San Francisco delegation a/id
people of the city agree, as shown
through the papers, I approve.
T. J. JONES.
Senator, Thirty-ninth District.
•Editor Call: With other members
from the San Francisco delegation I
shall do my utmost in the Legislature
toward the ratification of the charter.
I do not believe there will be any op
position to this measure, but if there
should be I shall lend my best endeav
ors toward its adoption.
JUSTUS S. WARDELL,
Assemblyman, Thirty-ninth District.
Editor Call: I am pledged by the
Democratic platform to vote for and
support the charter, and will do all in
my power to see that it is ratified by
the coming Legislature.
JAMES M. HANLEY,
Assemblyman, Thirty-second District.
Editor Call: I feel myself bound to
support the new charter and will en
deavor to secure its ratification.
LAWRENCE A. HENRY,
Assemblyman. Forty-second District.
Editor Call: The platform of the
legislative and judicial convention from
which I received my nominatio-n pledged
the candidates for the Legislature to
vote for the ratification of the char
by their system on account of superior
facilities at this end of the line. But
these facilities do not count for much
as long as the goods have not arrived.
Imposition of quarantine at New Or
leans caused a heavy congestion of
traffic at that port, which was held un
til the quarantine was raised. Instead
of sending these goods forward by rail
the Southern Pacific waited for boat
accommodation, which was restricted
on account of Government demands.
Although rates to the -receiver are the
same whether sent by rail or boat the
railroad company does not reap the
full benefit if compelled to forward by
rail. This explains the delay. The
road has not considered the conveni
ence of its constituents and we have
had to suffer." '
CATTLE AND SHEEP IN
SPLENDID CONDITION
Report of Stock Inspector Rehart on
Southeastern Oregon and
Northern California.
REDDING, Nov. 18.— Stock Inspector S.
V. Rehart, who has been busy during the
fall months inspecting cattle and sheep
in Southeastern Oregon, reports the herds
in splendid condition. Within the last
week, while in the Warner Valley sec
tion, he found one bunch of sheep af
fected with scab— a band of bucks, which
he immediately took possession of to pre
vent the disease from spreading. What
stock is left on the ranges is In superb
condition, free from disease and rolling
fat
Delivery of three bands of the Sherlock
sheep was made this week at Amadee,
in Lassen County, the terminus of the
railroad running north from Reno. The
sheep numbered 10,000 head and were sold
at an average price of $2 50, Eastern
agents being the purchasers. The Chand
ler sheep, numbering 11,000 head, were
lately driven from the runs to Honey
Lake Valley, where they were sold to
Eastern account at an average price of
$2 50 all round.
But little attention is paid by sheepmen
to the license tax imposed by Modoc
County, as none of the more extensive
flockmasters have paid a cent on the tax
account. Had the license ordinance been
enforced on the Sherlock and Chandler
bands each flockmaster would have had
to pay $500 for simply driving through the
county to shipping points on the rail.
All the cattle that he could turn off
this year were sold by Peter Tonnlngsen
for delivery at South Omaha, The cattle
THE QUESTION ASKED STATE LEGISLATORS.
"The Democratic State platform pledged, and the Republican
State platform requested, members of the Legislature to vote for
ratification of the charter adopted by the people of San Fran
cisco. Great interest is manifested here as to the future action
of the coming Legislature on this question; therefore the Call
would like to publish a short telegram from you — say not
over twenty words — indicating your views on the subject and
your probable vote."
ter, and I therefore consider myself in
honor bound to vote for it and shall do
so. HENRY C. DIBBLE.
Assemblyman. Forty-first District.
Editor Call: I would rather not dis
cuss in advance of the meeting of the
Legislature what I shall do when there,
but I will endeavor to do my duty,
fully, to the people that elected me.
EDWARD I. WOLFE,
Senator, Twenty-first District.
Editor Call: The platform of the
Democratic party having pledged Its
candidates to the Legislature to vote
for the ratification of the new charter,
I, as the representative of the Thirty
third District, will stand by the plat
form of my party.
EUGENE D. SULLIVAN,
Assemblyman, Thirty-third District.
Editor Call: The platform of the
municipal convention pledged the leg
islative nominees to support the char
ter. That pledge is sacred to me. I
shall do my utmost to secure its adop
tion. W. H. COBB.
Assemblyman, Thirty-fifth District.
Editor Call: I have not read the new
charter carefully and want more in
formation before I express any opinion.
1 will not go on record now, either for
or against it. SIDNEY HALL,
Senator, Twenty-third District.
Editor Call: I believe I was elected
on tlie votes of the people in this dis
trict who favored the new charter. I
shall vote for it and work for it when
I go to Sacramento.
J. J. CROWLY,
Assemblyman. Thirty-fourth District.
Editor Call: I stand on the platform
and will wurk as hard for the charter
in Sacramento as I have here.
WILLIAM H. RICKARD,
Assemblyman, Thirty-eighth District.
Editor Call: I worked for the elec
tion of the Board of Freeholders and
j also for the adoption of the charter,
i and it is now my duty to work and vote
j for it in the Legislature, and I shall
work for it when I get to Sacramento.
LAWRENCE HOEY.
Assemblyman, Twenty-eighth District.
Editor Call: I have not yet studied
the charter thoroughly enough to have
formed an opinion upon its merits. If
I find that it is to the best interests of
the people of this city and State I shiall
vote for it. If I find that it is not I
shall not so vote. L. A. DEVOTO,
Assemblyman, Thirtieth District.
Editor Call: I \-oted for the Free
holders and I voted for the charter. I
have been a consistent supporter of it
and my efforts In Sacramento will be in
its support. D. S. O'BRIEN,
Assemblyman, Thirty-first District.
Editor Call: With regard to the
charter, I will stand on the Republican
platform and wh< n in Sacramento will
vote to give the reople what they want.
CHARLES F. KENEALLY,
Assemblyman, Twenty-ninth District.
Editor Call: Any man who votes
against the charter signs his political
death warrant. I stand with the plat- !
form, and I think all of my party do
the same.
SAMUEL BRAUNHART.
Senator, Seventeenth District.
Editor Call: Unquestionably and un
equivocally I am in favor of the con
firmation of the charter by the Legis
lature. The people of this city have ex
pressed their ap royal by their votes.
If the new charter is not confirmed,
were put on the cars at Reno. Mr. Ton
ningsen reports a better price for poor
beeves than for fat, the former bringing
$4 40 while the latter brought but $4 10
from Eastern packing agents. Since
Eastern buyers came Into the Northern
California stock districts, California cat
tlemen are as familiar figures m Kansas
City and South Omaha as they used to
be in San Francisco. Many stockmen
went East this year with cattle sold to
the packing houses.
EIGHTEEN SHIPWRECKED
SAILORS REACH SHORE
Taken Prom the Sinking Bark Jo-
hanna by the British Steam
ship Peconic.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— The British
steamer Peconic, which arrived at quar
antine to-day, brought into port eighteen
shipwrecked mariners who were taken
from the Dutch bark Johanna, which was
found in a sinking condition. The Peconic
sighted the Johanna flying signals of dis
tress on November 11, in latitude 36:24,
longitude r»:03, and took off the men,
whom she landed here to-day.
The Johanna sailed from New York on
October 31 for Honolulu. On November 9
a terrific gale set in from the north-north
west, accompanied by enormou seas. The
midship bulwarks and main hatch were
smashed in and the deck beams broken,
and the vessel began to take in water at
an alarming rate. The ship was seen to
weave and buckle like a basket, and it
was feared that she would break in two
amidships.
Finally, on November 11, the wind and
sea went down and the men clambered on
board of the wreck and set distress sig
nals. At 11 p. m. the Peconic was seen
approaching, and lifeboats shortly after
ward came to their rescue. Captain
Maars, the mate and several of the men
were more or less bruised.
The Johanna was built at Albasserdam.
Holland, in 1890. was of 1164 tons and was
owned by J. Vroege. She was laden with
general merchandise and machinery.
FOB A NEW DEMOCRACY.
Richard Croker Is Charged With Be
ing Unworthy of Trust.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— John Brisben
Walker has issued an address attacking
Richard Croker as a man who had gained
complete control of the Democratic party,
both in the city and State, and who is
"unworthy of trust." In his address Mr.
Walker urged the formation of a new De-
mocracy.
Temporary headquarters of the new De
and if It becomes impossible to have a
Lexow Committee appointed by the
Legislature, those of the people who de
sire good govern;..jnt and honest elec
tions may as well throw up their handa
in despair. R. PORTER ASHE,
Senator, Twenty-fourth District.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 18.
Editor Call: I am not prepared to
state what position I will take as to
ratification of eh; rter, but it would be
a proper position and in line with what
the people desire.-
GILLIS DOTY.
Senator, Thirteenth District.
Editor Call: I guess the platform
speaks for all of us.
SIG M. BETTMAN.
Senator, Twenty-second District.
Editor Call: I am for the charter
first, last and all the time. I will not
only vote for it but will also use all of
my influence on the floor of the house
to effect its confirmation.
HENRY W. MILLER,
Assemblyman, Fortieth District.
Editor Call: I am standing on the
party platform and will rork and vote
for the charter.
WILLJAM E. WHITE.
Assemblyman, Thirty-seventh District.
Editor Call: I will vote for the char
ter because the people of this city de
sire it. As their representative I deem
it my duty to fulfill my obligations to
them. 1* J. DWYER.
Senator, Nineteenth District.
Editor Call: I am not prepared to
say unqualifiedly that I shall vote for
the charter, but I shall certainly do so
unless practically unanswerable argu
ments are advanced against it.
ROBERT N. BULLA.
Senator, Thirty-seventh District.
Editor Call: I shall vote for the rati
fication of the charter, as there Is no
1 other course left for an honest repre-
J sentattve in the Legislature. To vote
otherwise would be an unpardonable
! sin. B. F. LANGFORD.
Senator, Fifteenth District.
Editor Call: The new charter is a bulky
I document and I have not given it the
amount of study I should like to. I am
not prepared to state now how I shall
vote. JOHN FEENET,
Senator, Twenty-fifth District.
Editor Call: The platform on which I
I was elected pledged us to vote for the
i ratification of the new charter. I shall do
so. I cannot understand why any repre
sentative from San Francisco should vote
otherwise. A. H. MERRILL.
Assemblyman. Thirty-sixth District.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 18.— Edttor Call:
I cannot tell how I shall vote on ratifica
tion of San Francisco's charter until the
question is thoroughly investigated by th««
Legislature.
GROVE L. JOHNSON,
Assemblyman, Twentieth District.
PLACERVILLE, Nov. 18.— Editor Call:
Have not studied charter closely, there
fore cannot decide at present how I will
vote. R. S. RAW,
Assemblyman, Fourteenth District.
WEAVERVILLE, Nov. 18.— Editor Call:
I have not studied charter sufficiently to
i give my views at this time.
W. H. LABAREE.
Assemblyman, Fourth District.
Thomas Flint Jr. when seen refused to
give any statement as to how he would
vote and excused himself from discussing
the matter.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.— Editor Call: My
vote will be in favor of the ratification of
the San Francisco charter.
F. S. STRATTON,
Senator, Twenty-seventh District.
FOR TEMPLE'S EXTRADITION.
Mr. Clayton's Demand on the
Mexican Government.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 13.—
United States Minister Clayton
this evening made a peremptory
request for the extradition of
James Temple, the railroad con
ductor now in jail in Sonora for
the killing of a Mexican In Ari
zona, Mr. Clayton denied the
right claimed by the Mexican
Government to proceed against
Temple. He Is satisfied that the
matter will be amicable ad-
Justed.
mocracy will be opened after Monday next
in the Madison-square building.
VERY RICH IN COPPER.
Knob Hill Mine Said to Be the Rich-
est in the World.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Nov. 18.— A special
to the Spokesman Review from Green
wood, B. C, says: Miners in the Knob
Hlfl mine have crosscut the big ledge and
demonstrated that the great ore body is
134 feet wide. The ore will average $20
per ton, chiefly in copper. Mining men
say it is the greatest copper mine in the
world. The controllng Interest is held in
Eastern Canada. 8. H. Miner of the
Qranby Rubber Company is president of
the company and the chief stockholder.
J. Graves of Spokane is the managing di
rector. The mine is on the Columbia and
Western extension of the Canadian Pa
cific, and will soon have ample transpor
tation facilities.
Aged Nevada Teamster Killed.
CARSON, Nev., Nov. 18. — William
Hooper was killed while hauling wood
from Pine Nut this afternoon. He was
driving on the road with a load when the
seat broke and he fell forward, striking
his head on the wagon tongue and sink
ing to the earth. The wagon ran over
htm and he was dead when found some
hours later. Deceased was 67 years of
age and the father of a large family.
84
THOUSANDS SQUANDERED BY THE McDONALDS TO
PLEDGE THEIR PARASITES A MERRY LIFE AT MADERA
Tomblin Warned the Pacific Bank=
ers Against the Schemes of
His Rivals.
Remarkable Letters That Show How the Funds of
the Defunct Banking Institutions Were
Dissipated.
There are very few incidents perhaps
In the secret history of the Pacific Bank
of more general interest than those re
lated in letters of D. M. Tomblin.
This man fought for control in the
John Brown colony from the moment
that the Pacific Bank managers took
complete control of the disastrous spec
ulation until long after the collapse of
the Pacific Bank and the People's
Home Savings Bank.
The Call resumes this morning the
publication of Tomblin"s letters and de
scribes in the words of Tomblin the
wretched condition of affairs that ex
isted at the colony. Tomblin not only
made enemies in his administration of
the Madera Bank but possessed several
before he took charge of the institu
tion. He understood thoroughly the
necessity of retaining the favor of Dick
McDonald In order that he might win
for himself a financial benefit. He un
derstood that several people more
closely connected with the McDonalds
were likely to checkmate him in his
schemes, and he lost no time in black
guarding his as: oclates in the Madera
schemes. While he indulged his spleen
to the extent of blackguardism at the
same time he gf.ve a minute and de
tailed account of affairs at the John
Brown colony. He described what he
believed to be the dishonest manipula
tion of his rival and presented to Dick
McDonald a condition of affairs that
would have appalled any one except
the egotistic, dishonest manager of the
Pacific Bank.
The letters of Tomblin constitute one '
of the most vitally important elements ■
of the history of the Pacific Bank.
These epistles show how and why hun- ■
dreds of thousands of dollars of the j
funds of the Pacific Bank were dissi- J
pated in the John Brown colony
rcheme.
fOMBLIN SOUGHT THE FLESHPOTS OF
FRESNO LIFE.
In one of his letters Mr. Tomblin rep
resents a most shocking condition of
affairs. In making these disclosures
Mr. Tomblin applied the lash of criti
cism to his own back, and not only ad
mitted that he had attended a cock
fight but had so far forgotten his dig
nity as cashier of the bank of Madera
bp to be present at and take considera
ble interest in a prize fight. Mr. Tomb
lin begged his master not to believe,
however, that he was seeking the flesh :
pots of Fresno life, but that he lent his
presence to these disgraceful scenes
that he might more closely study the
habits and the character of the men of
whom subsequently his master might
wish to know.
This letter of Tomblin's for a mo- |
fnent throws aside the curtain thtit hid j
\he conduct of affairs of the John
Brown colony. In this connection it
should also be remembered that Mr.
Tomblin had objected to the proposi
tion that the Pacific Bank should sup
j.ort young Mr. Johns' horses and his
bull pup. In this letter also Tomblin
brings jnto the recital the names of
two very prominent attorneys of this
city — John Flournoy and Seth Mann,
chairman of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee. In the enthusiasm of
the moment Mr. Tomblin grew meta
phorical and represented Return Rob
erts, president of the Madera Bank, as
a pig with his nose in the milk pail,
with Flournoy at one ear and Mann at
the other, and another very Interesting
individual dragging the tail. The let
ter is as follows:
MADERA, Dec. 10, 1892.
R. H. McDonald Jr.. V. P., San
Francisco— My Dear Sir: I have your
• favor of the Bth and will say that 1
was not present at the prize fight in
which Johns had a hand. I was at
a cock fight at which place I met Mr.
Davis. After the cock fight was over
they all went through to Los Angeles.
I have also attended a prize fight, not
because I am an admlfer of such en
tertainments but because I wished to
see the class of people who attended
such places and just how they took
part in such performances. I can form
pretty good ideas of people at such"
times and gain knowledge that is valu
able in a business way. And so far as
anything 1 have done in the past or
might do in the future It is an open
book which I shall always freely give
you. It is politic that I should be
come acquainted with all the traits of
a man's character to impart to you j
as the occasion requires.
I recognize in Mr. Mann a bright and.
rising attorney, but I wanted him to
have counsel, as sometimes two heads
are better than one. And I want
them to keep Roberts' head right in
the milk-pail with Mann and Flour
noy hold of each ear and Carter to .,
twist his tail so that he will be sure
to get' such a dose of medicine that he
will be careful who he tackles next
. time. I sent to the colony for young
Johns to come in, but he was not to
be found and I have not seen him up
to the present time. I have no feel
ing whatever against the young man.
Under proper Influence I think he
would be all right, but with Boust to
advise with he cannot go anywhere
near right. I should not find ■ any
fault with any one when 1 believed
they were working conscientiously, for
your best interests, but whan I know
they are not I am constrained to keep
. after them until they do. Am I right?
I am, yours very truly.
•'<; D. M. fOMBLIN.
MR ' TOMBLIN PREPARED TO WADE
THROUGH BLOOD FOR HIS MASTER.
In his next letter Mr. Tomblin de
clared solemnly that he was ready to
wade through blood for Dick. Mr.
Tomblin neglected to say whose blood.
He declared that young' Johns had
plotted a gigantic scheme to rob the
colony and swindle Dick McDonald by
placing Fowler in the position of man
ager. Fowler, .it will be remembered.
was the young, gentleman whom Tomb-
Un had characterized as a dry goods
clerk, a song-and-dance : man and a
horse jockey ?of . some - experience. The
situation had almost driven Mr. Tomb
lin frantic. His letter is as follows:
MADERA, Cai., Dec. 12, 1892. [ ■. ': ,.
R. H. McDonald Jr., V. P., Ban Fran- '
■aUco-M X ««*r Sin I fcay« Just &&a, ,
an Interview with Mr. Johns, in which
he informed me that he had let the
contract to Mr. Fowler. For several
days I have tried to get an interview
with him and try and stop him in his
reckless course, but It has been of no
avail. He has kept hidden. I look up
on this transaction as a gross outrage
to you, and unless you put a veto upon
it you will be involved in endless trou
ble. Personally I care nothing, but
when I know that there is a gigantic
job being put up to swindle you 1 feel
frantic and almost beside myself.
There is not another man on earth
besides you that I would wade through
blood to protect: for you I will do it.
I d« not know wha-t power you have
dedicated to young Johns, but what
ever that is it will not be dedicated to
your honor or profit, and with Fowler
us manager w« will be subjected to
gross irregularities and frauds without
number. I have the very best of rea
sons for making: this statement and
sincerely hope what the young man
has done can be declared off if it meets
with your approval. I shall not sulk,
but will be found at ynur side to bat
tle for you. If it must go the way that
Johns has planned I wish that you
would instruct him and Mr. Fowler
that they cannot purchase trees or go
into anything that involves the ex
penditure of money without the ap
proval of myself or Mr. Newman. I
do not wish to see you swindled if I
can help it. I am, yours truly,
D. M. TOMBLIN.
THE ROW IN THE JOHN BROWN COL
ONY COMES TO A SERIOUS CLIMAX.
On December 13 Tomblin ajrain made
Johns the subject of his tale of woe and
wrote as follows:
"I hope young Johns will under no
condition enter into any agreements
without having same ratified by you
and have the same a matter of record
in the office of the secretary. The cor
poration should always be advised of
just what is going on. Since he came
we have always been in the dark."
In his next letter D. M. Tomblin
paved the way to make himself presi
dent of the Madera Bank. He also
showed the result of his attack on
young Johns. It was always a habit
of Dick McDonald to expose the confi
dences of his advisors, and every stric
ture upon young Johns made by Tomb
lin was repeated by McDonald to
Johns. This necessarily led to a clash.
Johns threatened that he would do
Tomblin up and Tomblin declared with
ominous meaning that he would be pre
pared to meet the young man. This
condition of affairs naturally led to the
wildest confusion in the colony and in
the bank. Tomblin's letter is as fol
lows:
MADERA, Cal., January 9, 1803.
R. H. McDonald Jr.. V. P.. San
Francisco — My Dear Sir: Mr. Johns,
came down with me last night and
went out to the colony this morning
and there met the different factions.
I don't know just how he came out of
the deal, but he swears some one has
been lying about his boy awfully. I
told him that might be but I had not.
It makes an awful complication, as a
father will naturally stand by his own
son. The boy is wild at me. He was
in the bank on Saturday and left word
that he was going to do me up. but I
saw hint to-day and apoke to him and '
smiled. He returned the salute and
did not look very vicious, so I think
he will hot disturb me very much.
ShoU.d he do so I shall try and be
prepared to meet him. I don't like
this state of affairs, but hope every
thing will right itself soon. We have
our annual meeting to-morrow for the
election of officers. In view of the
facts I see no other course but to take
the presidency of the bank. That will
be the Fame as if you were managing
same, as I shall work for and with you
in all matters. I am very truly,'
D. M. TOMBLIN. ■
TOMBLIN ACCUSES YOUNG JOHNS OF A
" MOST SERIOUS OFFENSE. .
On March 15, 1893, D. M. Tomblin ac
cepted Dick McDonald's commission to
go out to the John Brown colony and
investigate its affairs. Tomblin de
clared that it would be extremely dif
ficult to detect any irregularities, but
he would do his best. He accused
young Johns for having once attempted
a dishonest transaction. Excerpts from
the letter are as follows:
MADERA. Cai., March 15, 1893.
R. H. McDonald Jr., V. P., San
Francisco— My Dear Sir: I am going
out to the colony again in the morning
and will go over things very carefully
and will be prepared to report every
thing to you— answering all your
Questions concerning the same. You
... know of course that colony matters '
are practically out of our hands now
and it is no easy matter to detect
irregularity. Still, about all work is
done by contract, and we have been
• informed of the contract price, so that
the only show to be beaten is through
poor work, which I can watch. Any
arrangement Johns might have made
• with contractors for a division . with
them, that would be impossible for us
to know anything about only by acci
dent. The young man I know once
attempted to do the same, but was
thwarted in his design. The price Is
$9 per acre less than the price he first
let it, and there Is not much of an op
portunity to get much from them on
that price unless they slight their
work, and that will not be permitted..
In regard to Boust I do not think he
eot away with any money. Tours very -
truly, D. M. TOMBLIN.
TOMBLIN VICIOUSLY ATTACKED A. F.
JOHNS BEFORE DICK McDONALD.
On April 4 Tomblin concerned him
self with a discussion of the expenses
of the Madera Fruit and Land Com
pany, the successor of the John Brown
colony. Tomblin suggested that young
Johns and his salary of $100 a month
be cut off. The writer also declares
that considerable unnecessary expense
was incurred in the employment of an
attendant who had nothing to do but
rub down and care for the fast horses
of young Johns and his bull pup.
' .On April 12, 1893, Tomblin writes to
Dick that he is on the point of exposing
great rascality in the affairs of the
John Brown colony, the Madera Fruit
and Land : Company ,- and the California
Raisin and : Fruit Growers' Associa
tion, in every one of which A. F. Johns
was deeply interested. Tomblin said
he was not ready to prove his charges,
but . he declared that ?he :• believed he
would soon be able to demonstrate that
A. F. • Johns had taken $3600 that did
not belong to him: Excerpts from this
important letter are as follows:^ -
- / MADERA, Cal. April 12, 1893. "
R.H. McDonald Jr., V. P., San
 Fraocipco-F-My IJeax §jr; ;■ ,l , tun draw
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
TOMBLIN SCENTS A GIGANTIC PLOT.
While the cashier of the Madera Bank found time to attend cock-fights and prize-fights, he lost no opportunity to attack
those whom he believed were undermining hhn in the confidence of .the McDonalds. In order that he might retain
that confidence he wrote the alarmist letter that is given in fac-simile above.
ing the lines a little closer each day
and think there will be developments
very soon that will implicate some
one in treachery, the like of which the
devil would blush to be caught in
anything so mean and contemptible.
Although I am not prepared to prove
what I now allege I believe A. F.
Johns has maliciously stolen the sum
of $3600 for peach trees sold to the
California Raisin Company, which
were grown in the John Brown colony
land and either belong to the property
sold or to you. But as I am mot ready
to prove this I will say no more about
it at this time, but you shall hear
more about it a little later on. I am,
Youra very truly,
D. M. TOMBLIN.
FRANK V. McDONALD WAS RESPONSI
BLE FOR THE RIVERSIDE SPECU
LATIONS.
On May 8, 1893, D. M. Tomblin
wrote an unusually important letter, in
which he declares that O. T. Dyer,
manager of the Riverside Bank, blamed
Frank McDonald for having led him
into various wildcat schemes. For this
Dyer blamed Frank • for the desperate
condition of the Riverside Bank.
Tomblin also made another attack. in
this letter upon young Johns. The let
ter is as follows: ■
MADERA, Cal., May 3, 1893. ,
R. H. McDonald Jr., V. P.. San
Francisco— My Dear Sir: Mr. Hay In
formed me that young Johns was in
the hotel on Sunday evening and in a
very loud manner poured forth his
maledictions upon your and my de
fenseless heads; also upon the Pacific
Bank and the banK of Madera, and all
people connected with c»iem. Mr.
Hay said he was very vicious and ex
cited. He said you would not Bee him
when he called last week, and -there
were many serious charges which he
brought; against us. It is not very
pleasant to have such r>«nnie associ
ated in any way with us, and I hope
it will not be very long before that
gang is cleaned out forever from ■
among us, for they, are an element of V
discord and a root of bitterness. They .-:■•
care for nothing But their own vicious
ness and how they can best meet that .
end. Dyer said - during his conversa
tion with me that he would not. have
been in any of his wildcat deals had it :
not been for your brother. I thought
' the remark rather; unkind, when I
knew the sacrifice that had been made
to keep that ban- afloat. I only hope
that institution . can be brought out ,
and you made safe. ; I am yours very
truly. .D. - TOMBLIN. : :
TOMBLIN/S BITTER DISCUSSION OF THE
RESIGNATION ;OF A. F. JOHNS.
On" May 8 Tomblin took another fling
at A. F. Johns and his son. The elder
Johns and Dick I McDonald .were* then
bitterly quarreling over , the develop
ments of the attempt to sell the John
Brown colony. Dick >. McDonald ; dis
trusted: Johns and Johns < knew the Pa
cific . B^Rk, ;;waß ; \MQIYPUU 4 fftw, days,
later, therefore, he resigned as an em
ploye of the bank. Before that resig
nation was made Dick McDonald
warned Tombyn against Johns, and
Tomblin made the following reply:
"I shall follow your instructions re
garding Mr. Johns. I have never liked
the man from my first week's associa
tion with him. I have always looked
upon him as an unscrupulous person,
who would sell out his friends and de
liver them over to the Philistines.
Young Johns has left here and I pre
sume has gone to the city."
YOUNG JOHNS AND PROFESSOR "YOUNG
DUTCHY" TRY CONCLUSIONS.
Tomblin seemed never to tire In his
attacks upon the Johns — father and
son. On May 15 he wrote Dick that
young Johns and "Young Dutchy" had
given a fistic exhibition at the colony.
He commiserated with Dick over the
alleged treachery of the elder Johns
and at the same time took occasion to
assure the deluded banker that he
could rely In fair and foul weather
upon the absolute obedience and fidel
ity of D. M. Tomblin. Excerpts from
the letter follow:
"They had a great blow-out at the
colony yesterday (Sunday) and there
were about 400 people there. I under
stood they had sparring exhibitions by
Johns and Professor "Young Dutchy"
and many other sports. A. F. Johns,
wife and mother-in-law came down
Saturday night. I saw Johns a moment
last night. It was a frigid meeting and
I doubt if he comes into tl bank at all.
I hope not. I hope he will not give you
much trouble. I think you have enough
already, but if you should ever need a
friend you will find such in me at all
times and places through evil as well
as good report. Make known your de
sires and I shall take pleasure in exe
cuting same. We have had a hard fight
and I never could believe that one in
whom you have placed so much confi
dence as Johns would so maliciously
betray it."
TOMBLIN AGAIN WARNS DICK OF THE
ALLEGED TRICKERY OF A. F.
JOHNS.
Johns had evidently become a hid
eous specter to Tomblin, for > a few
days later : he again wrote- announcing
his belief that Johns was up to some
devilment and intended. If possible, to
get . away with ; $50,000 . in property be
longing to ' the bank. - This ;is the last
letter written by |D. M. Tomblin before
the failure of the •. Pacific Bank. Ex
cerpts from it are as follows: .;-.;, ■ ■■;-•: «'*,
MADERA, Cai., May 23, 1893.
■■■•■ R. H. McDonald Jr., ;> V. P., San
Francisco — My Dear; Sir: Johns came
- down ■• ;, here ; , on Sunday " / afternoon ,
' ; bringing ■ the - : whole ■■ family- with him,
,■ and. I ajn raid, be je up to some, d©v- ,
ilment and will dispose of property
that is not involved and which will
bring at least fifty thousand dollars.
This is entirely in his hands, and I am
afraid to trust him a day with it, and
unless we are secured at once I think
attachment should be begun immedi
ately. I am afraid it is dangerous to
delay and believed it advisable to have
Mr. Mann come down immediately and
attend to it. The foreclosure proceed
ings against the colony for $120,000
hßve been begun, and I don't know
whether Johns is behind the deal or
not. I am yours very truly.
L). SO.. - HJB/ltilji.SS.
To-morrow morning The Call will
continue the expose of the vicloua
financiering: that ended in the ruin of
the Pacific Bank and the People's
Home Savings Bank. After the Mc-
Donalds had Involved themselves in
the series of disastrous speculations
they sought to recover their lost
ground by employing the service of
scores of parasites. The Call will show
to what extent these parasites went in
their efforts to lead the McDonalds
into more disastrous schemes. The dis
honest and deluded bankers went more
deeply into the financial pool and
squandered thousands upon thousands
of dollars in an effort to recover what
had already been lost.
VAN BERGEN'S RICH ESTATE.
Bequeathed in Its Entirety to De
cedent's Immediate Relatives.
The will of Nicolaus Van Bergen, who
died on the 10th inst.. was filed for pro
bate yesterday. Jn addition to her legal
share of the community property Mrs. R.
Van Bergen, widow of the testator, is be
queathed the family, residence at Post and
Hyde streets.. Carl T... Willian C. ST.,
George H. and Walter F. L. Van Bergen,
sons of the deceased, are bequeathed
$15,000 each and an undivided one-ninth
of the residue of the estate. John W. and
Edward A. Van Bergen, Johanna F.
Habenicht and Mathilda S. Meyer, chil
dren of the testator, having been ad
vanced $15,000 or its equivalent each, prior
to Van Bergen's death, aro given an un
divided on«-ninth of the estate. An un
divided one-ninth is also given Eva R.
Herold and Edward V. Haldan, grandchil
dren of the deceased.
Mrs. Van Bergen is named aa executrix
to serve without bonds.
Volunteer Soldiers Discharged.
Pursuant to telegraphic authority from
Washington, the department commander
has discharged the following soldiers
from active service:
Nevada Cavalry— Privates E. L. Wart
man and Frederick Thompson.
Tennessee Infantry— Sergeant H. E,
Sweeney and Privates J. M. Cook, B.
Ream, A. H. Young, A. L. Porter, Thomas
J. Johnson, I. A. Rains, J. R. Shelton. C.
H. Schlotter and J. I. Finney.
Washington Infantry— Corporals George
M Tuttle, Raymond Drake, Ray W.
Thompson, T. L. Henrichsen, James H.
fierce and William H. Young; Musician*
Claude W. Harkness and H. I. Matthews
and Privates William A. May, William
R. Rolfe and Charles D. Tooley.
Kansas Infantry— Musician L. L. Hil
licker and Privates Owen I-. Mclntosh,
Mitchell Bundy, William F. Ayres, Benja
min F. Zimmerman, Maurice C. Sherman,
Thomas J. Bell, John Gore. Sutees Rid
ley, Zachariah Donaldson, Carlos L. Mat
teson, Fred D. Peck and Allen B. Sim
mops.
TOO MUCH COOLIE
LABOR HERE NOW
WORKINGMEN OPPOSED TO
PHILIPPxNE ANNEXATION.
Labor Council Takes Action on This
and Other Matters of
Importance.
The San Francisco L<abor Council, voic
ing the sentiments of the laboring classes
of the Pacific Coast, put itself on record
last night ac opposed to any movement
looking toward the annexation of the
Philippine Islands, as it dreads the al
moat Inevitable influx of cheap laborers
of an undesirable class.
The matter was brought up by Andrew
Furusoth of the Coast Seamen's Union.
In speaking: on the subject Mr. Furuseth
said: "Some years ago this coast was.
rid of most of the Chinese immigration by
the passage of the exclusion act, and we ■
hoped then that we were rid of Asiatic <
labor for all time. Now comes the move- ]
ment to annex the Philippines with their |
nine million native inhabitants, who are I
as bad if not worse than the Chinese and
Japanese. ' ' I
'Tt is all very well for the advocates of ■
the scheme to say that CongTess will pass !
laws covering this point, but we know :
that Congress will do nothing of the sort.
If the islands are annexed or any soy- i
erertgnty assumed 1 over them the inhabit- j
ants will be under our flag and CongTess
can do nothing to prevent their migration, j
If any such legislation were attempted j
the matter would simply go to the United j
States courts and the United States courts
would deolare the law unconstitutional, j
The worklngman has been deceived by j
such promises often enough, and it is high
time for him to open his eyes and take i
the stitch in time.
The executive committee will pass suit
able resolutions, which will be forwarded j
to the American Federation of Labor.
Other business of the Council consisted
of the launching of a project to increase
its membership by bringing in unions of i
the building trades. At present these j
unions are represented in the Building
Trades Council. Many efforts have been
made to amalgamate . the two central
bodies, but all have failed, as they would
mean the disruption of the Building |
Trades Council. The plan now is to make J
a determined effort to bring them all into
the Ivabor Council without interfering
with their old affiliations with the Build
ing Trades Council. A committee consist
ing of Messrs. Rosenberg, White and Me- !
Auliffe was appointed to visit the unions
and talk the matter over.
CBICKETERS WIN PRIZES.
Batting and Bowling Averages in
Association Hatches During the
Season.
A meeting: of the California Cricket !
Association was held yesterday In the j
office of the secretary, at which were \
present: Edward Brown (president). Cap- j
tain J. Metealfe, R. B. Hoffue and G.
Theobald. The batting and bowling av
erages for the season of 1898 in matches
sanctioned by the association were pre- j
sented and approved. In order to be eli
gible for' the Burnell prizes for the best
batting and bowling averages obtained j
during the season by members of clubs of j
the association it was necessary that a \
city player should have taken part in at ,
least eight innings; a country player in at |
least five innings. J. Myers of the Pacific i
Club, whose name stands at the head of
the batting averages, did not play in the
required number of innings, nor did A.
Pickenson, also of the Pacifies, whose
name stands third. The first hatting prize
(a handsome cricket bat made by Grad
idge and selected by Leslie Wilson, now
and for many years a member of the Kent
Co inty eleven) was awarded to J. J. I
Moriarty of the Alameda Club. The sec
ond batting prize (a pair of batting I
glov.fO was won by R. B. Hogue, captain ;
of the Alameda eleven. R. B. Hogue- 1
made thirteen runs more during the sea- [
son than J. J. Moriarty, but as he played !
one more innings and never enrried his* j
bat his average fell a little short. The !
priz* for best bowling average (a pair of
pads) was awarded to C. Simmonds of
the Placer County Citrus Colony team, j
The batting and bowling averages, as of- j
□cia&y accepted by the association, are
given herewith:
BATTING AVKBAGEB OF CALIFORNIA
CRICKET ASSOCIATION, 1898.
BATSMAN.
g
■ c
¥
W S
ill
;■ a
: 5"
: i =
i I
m
-A
o
o
B
i
:
33.25
■85,64
.34.16
IBJ-.00
25.25
25.00
24.53
23.00
21,70
121.00
20.83
•
r. Meyers....
\. i. Moriarty
V.. Dickenson;.....;
1. B. flogue ".
>. Cr011...
J. T. C01e5.........
\ 3. Croll
•X T. Elliott
J. P. Cole«
i M. Lanniv*....
>. I.Baugh..
V. Price
3. Bird .........
r. f. A. Pee 1.......
r. 3. Theobald;.-...
P. W. O. Wallace.
1. C. Caaidy..
[. H- Harbour
I. H. P««nders j
:. H. Bpiro I
}, Sewell
F. H. McLean
4. A. Butt
T. Stahl.. .....
'. Qaebeck
5. : K. Turner
IV. McCrae. ........
J. Simmonds
iV. Petherlck
i. H. C00k50n.....
>. Theobald
5. F. Musson
i. Ward
T. C. Prlf field
S. B. Hill ......
V. B. Paul
I. t. Colman.. 1
i p. Q. Gordon..;
r. Harding :...'..:. ''
1. . Marsh-Browne.
i. T. Chute...;....
i. G. McCartney..
J. 8. Turner
r. B. ' Pakenham..
I'acnic
Alain edav.
lAlameda..
Pacific......
Alameda. .
Citrus C...
Paclflo
Citrus C...
Alamedo..
| Alameda..
■Alameda. .
] Alameda..
Pacific
Pacific
Pacific
Pacific
i Alameda. .
I Alameda..
Pacific.....
In m. '
Pacific
Citrus C...|
ti ml 6i| -i
3i 26|'U 2i
IS'Jlß|lls 2j
21 46j 29 01
10 217! 72, 010 1
2 21|*13] II
12; 250 i 146 | 0:
I 2'>,»ll| 2.
9 112,*34 8
10 160 48 1
12 211 51 Oi
14:189 48 0'
6 65 17 0|
12 i IS2 23 Oi
13 1.-6 42 0
9 106 23 0
12 135 45 0;
8 8S 291 Oi
10 100 50 0
10 73 43 3
18 9S 23 t
10 94 39 0
4 28 »1S 1
10 91 23 0
9 62 20 2
8 16 »16 1
IB 105 19 1
13 81 12 2
7] 27 21 2
9 84 10 2
7 S3 21 0
10 87 »19 1
8 32 10 0
8 19 6 1
8 20 9 0
10 19 8 1
8 12 7 2
12 2 0)
8 6 »5 «!
5 1 *1 3|
ts
1
18.66
17.17
j . 58
13.69
13.00
12.66
; 12.00
11.77
11.25
11.00
10.90
10.30
9.80
9.40
9.83
9.10
8.85
8.00
T. 50
7.3«
5.40
■4.83
4.71
4.11
4.09
2.71
*.5O
; 2.11
2.00
! 2.00
| 1.20
I 1.00
Alameda..
Alameda. .
Citrus C...
Pacific
Citrus C...
Citrus C...
Pacific
'Pacific
Pacific
Alameda.. i
I Alameda..
It-acme
Citrus C...
Citrus C...
; Pacific.....
Citrus C...
Citrus C...
Citrus C...
Citrus C...
Citrus C...
Citrus C...
•Sfgnfflea not out.
BOWLINE AVERAGES OF THE CALIFOR
KIA. CRICKET ASSOCIATION, IS9B.
1 Bimmonds
3. Bira...:. :...:.....
'. K. Turner.;........ —
r. C. Dr1ff1e1d.. .....:
:i.C. Casldy......
V. Cr011.. .:.................
f. U. launders....*
L Dlctaenson...V.
P. S w»ll . ......:..........
•I. it. C00k50n.......
K. B. Pau1.....
r. J. R. Pee 1..... ...'...:.
X a: Kin ,
5. P. Coles ..:.. :.«;..-.
r. H. Harb0ur...:....-..- I
BOWLER.
5*
3
9
3
3 I I
£ c -F
» S «
:] j Bj
i t. j '
J47S'I«I 21 !
;290.121; 290.121 ! 6
71"i79 20
;fi"?;2b.v, 25
;2iß! 91! 8
Tl7 I 325 27
i 37 388 23
466 162 25 |
821 til 6
215 130 12
S3 252 3
759 344 33
818 175 I
287 126 3
|4Si[29l 10
1 1
:23 6.19
jl6 7.5«
25 9.96
26 10.
8 11.37
28 11.60
29 13.37
| 12 13.50
45 13.57
11 13.68
IS 14.00
23 14.95
10 17.50
■ 1 6 21.00
I 12 24.25
18
14
S"
7MI
The Hunter Harrison cup, having be
come the absolute property of the Ala
meda Cricket Club, -which won the largest
number of match«« durinc the seasons of
1895, 1807 aVid IS9B, the trophy will be hand
ed to Edwsfrd Brown, president of the
Alameda Club. Next season the premier
club will receive a pennant.
August Ahlborn Missing.
August Ahlborn, chief cook of the New
Golden Gate Hotel, . Fourth street, has
been missing since November 8. He drew
his wages that day and was last seen by
a friend on the Clay-street wharf late in
the affernoon. It is supposed that he imay
have drowned himself. His wife, who re
sides at 2990 Folsom street, reported his
disappearance at police headquarters yes
terday. He is 46 years of age, stout build,
about 5 feet. 6 inches tall, dark complex
ion, sandy mustache and bald.
PLAYING AT SANTA CLAUS.
Transport St. Paul Starts for Manila
With Thousands of Christmas
Presents.
The transport St. Paul sailed yesterday
afternoon for Manila with over 200 tons of
Christmas presents for the soldier boys
aboard. A redwood went along to act a3
a Christmas tree for the California boys,
and Captain Hays going to see that it
reaches the camp aliTe and well. The sol
diers and nurses who sailed on the vessel
were: \ . f
Second Lieutenant Martin Diamukes. First
Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, in charge or
Recruits Jeremiah Barry, Charles Boyle, Will
Buster, George demons, .Edward .Dally, George
■W. Day, J. J. Dillon, Thomas Dunn, John
Egan, G. R. Farquhar, P. M. Gray. Edward
Gregg, M. F. Hendry, C. C. Johnson, Bernard
McGlain, Alexander Morrison, Thomas ><*>-
nan, G. H. Pennoel. L. E. Price. B. I. Reed.
G. W. Reid, W. W. Shelton, Z. H. Shinn and
J. J. Smith, Eighteenth United States Infan
try " - ■ ' " '^ : : " v . .i • ■■;
Privates M.S. Patrick. W. J. Lynch and
Brady Safely, Twenty-third United States In
fantry-. „
Privates J. B. Green* Howard Jordan, Her
bert A. Murphy, John Olson and J. J. Tem
plin, Wyoming Light Artillery- iS'-'V, '■ '
Private- A. S. Bugbee, First Washington
Volunteer Infantry. \ ■ _ ,_ .
Privates W. C. Bryant, A. C. Rooker and
W. C. Brawner, First Tennessee Infantry.
Privates Ralph Hogue and W. J. Glesplng.
Fifty-first lowa Volunteer Infantry.
Private Ray S. Washburn. First South Da
kota Volunteer Infantry. «_«,„,,
Private C. L. Huddelston, Second Oregon
Volunteer Infantry. — . v ,»j,._ *
Privates T. E. Ridenour and C. Schlndler.
Twentieth Kansas Volunteer Infantry.
Captain R. M. Kirby Smith, assistant sur
geon, First Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, med
ical officer In charge. . _*__•
Privates John Childers and H. C. Langtoro.
Hospital Corps, ¥im ke; -e mP ,oy. *»«»«£
Anthony M. Timke. employ* P u , bßlß *f" c *
Department; Henry D. Woolfe, interpreter.
A^che°d 4 for passage to ■Honolulu: Acting
Assistant Surgeons T. O. McCulloch. C. T.
Brownlee and W. H. I. O'Malley.
Nurses-Misses Weeks, Malhurn. T)unn . Em
heart. Fenwick. West. Hause Groge er Levoy.
Catchfleld, Montrose. Long, Stawell m ,° a '-
Cockran. Marshall. Brocker.Lapage, Rector,
Swartz. Laswell, Ridley, Smith, Moofe, *2£'
mar, Bedell. Rist. Korstens, Loper. Lake.
Znmer and Mrs. Colby.
The St. Paul was beautifully decorated
for the occasion. Garlands of flowers
were wound around the masts and for
ward was a fine large painting of Santa.
Claus and his reindeer with the J* or °f'
"Off for Manila." This banner will _ba
strung across the ship as she .steams Into
Manila Bay. and if it night the Christ
mas tree will be placed in the bow and
11 In order to get the vessel away on time
and to have everything in the best shape
possible before sailing the clerks of the
Alaska Commercial Company worked all
night.
MRS. WILLIAMS' TESTIMONY.
Tells of Her Belations With Captain
Nevills, Her Prosecutor.
The case of Elsie Williams, Grace Loo««
and Myron Ahzderlan closed yesterday at
noon. William E. Nevills Jr. was cross
examined during the morning session. His
story given the day before as to how he
had gained the confidence of the con
spirators and drew from them their plans
to extort money from Captain Nevills was
not shaken. Ahzderian's confession that
he had conspired to "dispose of Nevills
and claim his property under forged con
veyances, as told by young Nevills was
the strongest bit of evidence introduced
and even if the women punish
ment Ahzderian's conviction is almost as
8U The' defense, at the conclusion of young
Nevills' testimony, opened its case and
Mrs. Williams was called to the stand.
I She told a sympathetic story of the wrong
i done her by Captain Nevills and on mora
\ than one occasion gave way to tears. In
brief her story is that she was a hard
working woman when she met Nevills.
"He often told me," said the witness
"that his wife was no good. He showed
me a letter written by Mrs. Nevills to
young 'Billy' Nevills and said that with
such evidence he could easily get a dl-
T>< He e used to go to the hospital when she
■was ill. ehe said, and sit and hold her
hands by the hour. Captain Curtin. the
detective, was «.lso very attentive she
said The witness told a straightforward
story of her relations with Nevills very
favorable to herself, but to-day the prose
cution will make strenuous efforts to
shake her story on cross-examination.
Handball Tournament at Byan's.
A hancJDaii iouri\ameiii win ue wm
menced at Phil Ryan's court at 858
Howard street for the juvenile class to
morrow. A handsome gold medal has
been secured for the first prize to the
best team at the end of the tournament.
Entries for the contest have so far been
made with J. White and E. Foy vs. J.
Collins and M. Magulre, with a 60-aca
score as a limit.
Following this contest the usual Sunday
games will consist of the following en
tries:
D. Rodgers and P. Ryan vs. G. Dall and
M. McNeil.
J. Collins and D. Regan vs. E. Curley
and M. Maguire.
G. McDonald and P. McKlnnon v«. L.
Carralne and P. Stelner.
G. Hutchinson and P. Kelly vs. M. Dil
lon and P. Hutchinson.
J. Condon and T. Leach vs. R. House
man and T. Foley.
J. Riordan and R. Llnehan vs. M. J.
Kilgallon and J. White.
J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton vs. T.
F. Bonnet and E. Maloney.
The Hearst I^ibel Case.
The argument In the libel case of W. R.
Hearst of the Examiner on the com
plaint of Claus Spreckels, which waa set
for yesterday afternoon before Judge Mo
gan. waa by consent postponed for a
\vick.
************ Wnat
• htoyab • what
I CUBES. I ■jU You?
************ What
* Consult Had- * ft lldl
; son Doctors J in. „
• Free i Ails Yfl||9
************ flllu lUU ■
A KB TOT 7 fTBOITBI-ED WITH PAINS UC
the small of the back? Are you troubled
with pains on each side of backbone to lower
points of shoulder blade? Are you troubled with
paios in head? Left side or right. side? Do
i you have shooting; pains? '
Have you dizziness In the head? Dark flecks
appearing before your gaze? Palpttsxion of
heart? If you stoop over what do you notice?
Have you a curious weak ■ feeling? Have you
cusea on the stomach? Does the head «wlmf
Can you rest. well at night? Do you with to
be cured? ' .
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED ?
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED?
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED?
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED?
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
If you wish to be cured you should learn
about the great Hudyan. 1 Hudyan is a remedy
V^lThhl. £ff m ™ n Hu an cures diseases and
disabilities of men. Hudyan cures Nervous
■Weakness, Nervous Debility, Nervous Exhaus-
tion. , ■■--•■ <-j  -, '■•.;-„
ft Circulars Free!
No one has Hudyan but the Hudson doctor*.
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON.
If in the first, : secondary or " tertiary stat*.
you should use the 30-DAY CURE. - -
. Write for 30-day Cur« Circulars or
CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS FREE.
Hudson Medical Institute,
:•: : Jmtlos BtQciton, Markei aid Ellis StL
i\'ii '■ • . baa Francisco. Cat.BILL TO INCREASE
OUR STANDING ARMY
BacKed by the Administration and Pro
vides for an Aggregate of One
Hundred Thousand Men.
NEW YORK, Nov. IS.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
As soon as Congress reassembles a legislative proposition to increase
the standing army of the United States to one hundred thousand will
be introduced at thp instance of the Secretary of War. The bill is
very brlt f and simply provides that the standing army of the United
States upon n peace fitting shall be increased to an aggregate of one
hundred thousand. Provision is made for the division of the forces
into artillery, cavalry and infantry regiments, according to the re
quirements of the service under new conditions in the United States
and in the newly acquired possessions in the Philippines, Porto Rico
and Cuba. The [imposed bill has the sanction of the President, Sec
retary of War and the commanding general of the army.
GIVEN PILLS FOR
EVERY AILMENT
How the Soldiers Fared
in Hospitals.
TESTIMONY OF AN INVALID
SAME TREATMENT FOR FEVER
OR FRACTURE.
Volunteer Officers Looked After
Themselves. While Regular Offi
cers Looked After Their
Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— In the war
inquiry to-day, taking up the question
of the lack of tents, surgeons and medi
cal supplies in Cuba, Dr. Connor asked
the witness, Dr. Greenleaf, how the
medical supplies were delayed at Sibo
ney. Dr. Greenleaf said he did not
know.
"Who finally unloaded these sup
plies?" asked Dr.' Connor.
"I did. I captured six pontoons and
took the law into my own hands."
v unloaded in thirty-six hours
supplies that had been lying in the
harbor two weeks? Why did not Dr.
Pope, chief surgeon of General Shaf
ter's corps, land them within those two
weeks?"
"I suppose he was at the front at
tending to the wounded," replied Dr.
Greenleaf. "1 am sure that Dr. Pc-pc
did the best he could. I had full au
thority from General Miles to do what
I thought best." j
In reply to a question Dr. Greenleaf
said he supposed Dr. Pope had author
ity from General Shafter sufficient to j
enable him to unload the supplies at J
Ssiboney as he (.Greenleaf) had done.
"There is no doubt," said Dr. Con
ner, "that somebody was dreadfully at
fault. Cannot you help us to find out
who it was?"
Dr. Greenleaf said he could not.
William Hamilton Henry, whose son
served as a private in Company B, ,
Seventy-first Regiment, during the j
campaign, was the first witness at the
afternoon session. Mr. Henry told o-l
a visit to Camp Wikoff in search of I
his son, who was sick. He found him j
lying on the bare ground in a tent. The .
Juicers 1 tents were all noored.
Kichard W. Henry, the son, was»-f
called. He was taken sick after the
surrender of Santiago. Speaking of the
treatment he received from the army
surgeons in Cuba he said that they did
the best that they could and treated
every one alike.
"In fact," he said, "they made no'dis
tinction in the manner of treatment or
in medicine. It was two pills for a
fever and three pills for a broken arm."
Dr. Frank Donaldson, who joined
Colonel Koosevelt's regiment In Cuba
on July S, and who was stricken with
yellow fever on July 24, followed Mr.
Henry on the witness stand. Asked
by Dr. Connor as to the condition of the
h.spitala he replied:
"I do not wish to criticize Dr. Le
Garde, whom 1 /reatly admire, but
they were entirely swamped. There was i
an insufficiency of medic nes, nurses
and stewards. The majority of the
stewards were of a most undesirable
character, and should never have been
selected for such service."
Regarding medical supplies. Dr. Don
aldson said there w.-re supplies, hut
they could not be reached. Speaking of
his own regiment he said he erot sup
plies because he went out and hustled
for them.
"They were not served out to you?
asked Dr. Connor.
"Not by a large majority," was the
reply. "We got what we hustled for
and nothing else."
"Did the men receive good care and
attention in the hospitals?'
"They suffered from the lack of care
because of the inefficiency of the
nurses. The doctors were efficient and
devot<
Dr. Connor asked if it was possible
to pel a better class of nurses, and
when Dr. Donaldson said no, he asked
why the kpartment should be blamed
for what could not be avoided.
"There was no excuse," said Dr. Don
alils":!. "for sending them there and
not sending supplies."
"Do you know they sent no sup
plies?"
"If they s^-nt them they must have
vanished into Cuba Libre; they did not
reach us.
Dr. Donaldson criticized Dr. Lesser,
the head of the Red Cross Hospital in
Cuba, severely, and declared that al
though I>r. Josser posed as an expert
or yellow fever, he did not know what
yellow fever was until he was stricken
with it.
James S. Sowers of Company X,
Seventy-first Regiment, served from
the time the regiment went to Camp
Black until mustered out last week. He
complained that the coffee was poor
and that the volunteers were not
treated as well as the regulars. Asked
by General Beaver to explain what he
meant he said the volunteer officers
took care of themselves while the regu
lar officers took .are of their men.
"When we arrived at Montauk
Point," he said, "there was nothing for
us to eat until the next day. When the
Tenth Regulars arrived there was a
wagon load of bread and meat waiting
for them. Our officers said that they
had nothing to do with the rations."
Mrs. Mary Manson of West Fifty
fifth street was the last witness of the
day. She had been at Camp Wikoff in
charge of a division of the Women's
War Relief Association. She said the
men at Camp Wikoff had suffered
greatly and had been ill-treated. When
General Dodge told her that the men
had testified they were not badly treat
ed and had not been neglected at
camp Wikoff Mrs. Manson declared
that if they so testified they had said
what was not true.
Shortly before 5 o'clock the hearing
was adjourned until to-morrow at 10
a. m.
QUEEN VICTORIA TO BE
ASKED TO ARBITRATE
Argentine Government Wishes Eng
land's Ruler to Pass Upon Its
Dispute With Chile.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES. Nov. IS. -The Cham
ber of Deputies has voted its approval of
the conduct of the Government In its ne
gotiations with Chile concerning the
boundary dispute. The Government on
November 22 will officially request Queen
Victoria to act as arbitrator of the Cor
derilla dispute. The Puna Atacama ques
tion will be settled directly between the
two governments.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC BONDS
SUBSCRIBED SIXFOLD
Ten Million Dollars' Worth Placed on
the London Market by
Speyer Bros.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— A cablegram
to the Sun from London says: The Lon
don banking house of Speyer Brothers
has issued $10,000.04)0 of $1000 5 per cent
bonds of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company of California at $1 05, or £210
per bond. The issue was subscribed
.six times over, thus: Twenty million
dollars in London, $25,000,000 in Amster,
dam arid $20,000,000 in Germany.
CITED FOR GAMBLING.
Warrants Served on Washington
Jockey Club Officials.
WASHINGTON, Nov. IS.— The track at
Bennings was a sea of mud and water
to-day. Detectives to-day served war
j rants upon the jockey club officials for
i alleged violations of the gambling laws,
but no arrests were made, the officials
! simply being notified to appear in
I court to-morro\fr when the case is to be
I heard. Results:
First race, one mile — Julius Caesar won,
!• Nearest second. Nigger Baby third. Time,
| 1:47.
Second race, fl\-e furlongs — Passe Partout (100
to 1) won, Anita second, Sheik third. Time,
1.04 2-5.
Third race, seven furlongs — Hardie C won.
Duchess Annette second, St. Samuel third.
Time, 1:34.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Dr. Parker won, '
Boney Boy second, Claroba third. Time, !
1:17%.
Filth race, mile and 100 yards— Peat won.
Sensational second, Banquo II third. Time,
1:49.
NASHVILLE, Term.. Nov. 18.— Weather
cloudy; track slow. Results:
First race, selling, six furlongs— Laurette I)
won. True Light second, Manzanita third.
Time. 1:18.
Second race, five furlong9 — Pell Mell II wnn,
Pauline J second. Prince Plausible third.
Time. 1:06%.
Third race, seven furlongs— Guide Rock won,
Hairi'ln second, Mitt BoyKln third. Time,
1:32^.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Glasnevin won.
Weller second, Ocie Brooks third. Time, l:0r>.
Fifth race, selling, one mile — Leo Lake won.
Demosthenes second. Uncle Abb third. Time,
'1:45.
DANIEL J. PORTER DEAD.
Capitalist and Pioneer Resident of
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 18.— Daniel J. Por
ter, a capitalist and pioneer resident
of this city, died suddenly at Capitola
early this morning from heart trouble.
He was a native S)f Long Island, N. V.,
and was 70 years of age. Deceased ar
rived In California in August, 1852, and
a month later came to San Jose. Por
ter has been engaged in the real estate
business for years and took a particular
interest in the advancement of the city
and county. He was a Councilman for
six years from 1862 to 1868 and was
also a park commissioner. A widow and
two grown children survive him. The
remains were brought to the city this
afternoon and met at the depot by a
delegation of Odd Fellows and Masons,
of which orders deceased was a mem
ber.
HELD FOR MANSLAUGHTER.
Examination of Caspar Leoni at St.
Helena.
ST. HELENA, CaL, Nov. 18.— Caspar
Leoni, who was arrested a week ago by
Constable Spurr on a charge of murder,
had a preliminary examination before
Justice Chirm to-day. Leoni was held
over {or trial before the Superior Court
nn the charge of manslaughter. Bonds
were fixed at $1000. About two weeks ago
Leoni, hearing a noise outside his house
at 1 o'clock in th<» morning, took a shot
gun and went out. Seeing two men
throiiKh the darkness he called out. and
as one of the men advanced he fired. A
second shot followed, and the man Hip
gins, was pierced by over a hundred
shot, a couple of which struck the n< art
Hipgins was taken to the County Hos
pital and died a few days later. The ar
rest of Leoni then followed. He claims
that the men had been stealing wine
from his cellar, while Hlkrlds claimed
that he and his partner, ("ombella went
to Leonl's place to buy the liquor
THE POPE APPROVES.
Pleased by the Liberal Tendencies of
His Church in America.
LONDON. Nov. 18.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle says: A
very important pontifical document is
about to appear expressing the Pope's
full approbation of the democratic and
liberal tendencies of the Catholic church
in the United States.
MISSIONARY MURDERED.
Rev. Mr. Fleming Slain by Chinese
Rebels at Kwi Fu.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— A dispatch to the
Daily Telegraph from Shanghai says the
Rev. Mr. Fleming, a missionary, and a na
tive evangelist were murdered in the re
cent attack by the rebels in the town of
Kwi Fu in the upper Yang-tse-Kiang val
ley, when the Catholic mission there was
burned.
Steamer Progre3O Libeled at Seattle.
SEATTLE. Nov. 18.— The steamer Pro
greso was libeled to-day for $82,000 by E.
T. Coulter, receiver of the Seattle-Yukon
Steamship Company.
Death of H. H. Meier.
BREMEN, Nov. 18.— Herr H. H. Meier,
founder of the Noith German Lloyd
Steamship Company, 13 dead. He was 89
years of age. ,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
HARVARD MONEY
GOING BEGGING
Little Betting on To-
Day's Game.
YALE MEN INSIST ON ODDS
CONTEST WILL BE FOUGHT IN
THE MUD.
Rain Falls on the Eve of the Strug
gle, but Does Not Dampen the
Enthusiasm at New
Haven.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 18.— The
city to-night, despite falling rain and
the decided prospect of a rainy day for
the game, is surcharged with excite
ment, and the stores, all brilliantly
illuminated and handsomely decorated
with a profusion of deep blue and
bright crimson, lend an air of holiday
gayety to the occasion. People are con
gregated on every corner in the vicin
ity of the campus and groups are dis
cussing the one absorbing topic in the
hotel corridors.
The Tontine Hotel is the headquar
ters of Harvard men and Harvard
sympathizers. The New Haven House
is as crowded as at a State political
convention, and guards, tackles, half
backs, ends and centers are coming
back to the scene of former triumphs
and college associations.
Out in the rain stand groups of specu
lators anathematizing the Tale man
agement. By careful scheming the
speculators have had a hard row to
hoe, and to-night they are trying to
dispose of their tickets at face value
without a cent bonus. This is due to
the fact that th<* management has still
a number of tickets which it is selling
to any person known not to be a specu
lator. Of the 15, 200 reserved seats at
the field. 18.100 had been sold to-night,
and of this number it is believed that
not over 200 are held by speculators.
The Tale field gridiron to-night is as
smooth as a billiard table and in per
fect condition. Before the rain began
to fall thirty-six big bales of straw
were laid over the gridiron. Crushed
stone, too, was laid in all the paths
leading to the entrance.
It has in nine years past been the
custom of the team to be taken away
either to a hotel or to the infirmary,
as was done last year, on the eve of
battle, in order that the meji may be
kept quiet and undisturbed Wy noise or
worry. To-night, however, they will
remain In their rooms.
There is very little betting thus
far. and Harvard money is going beg,
ging. Two thousand dollars were of
fered at the New Haven House this
evening, with the odds 10 to 8 on Har
vard, but only a small portion of the
money was taken.
At the other rendezvous about the
city the same conditions exist as re
gards little betting, but In every case
the Tale men insist on odds.
HARVARD AND YALE
ON THE EVE OF BATTLE
MERIDEN, Conn., Nov. 18.— By 10
| o'clock to-night the Harvard football
| players were bundled off to bed to
; dream of to-morrow's great contest.
; They are all fit and eager for the fray.
I They are not boastful or over-confident,
I but still they all expect to win. The
! Harvard players were up betimes this
: morning. Led by Captain" Dibblee and
j Dean, the entire squad took a brisk
I walk in the morning for three-quarters
lof an hour and lunched at noon. At 3
j o'clock the men put on their football
j togs and went out to Hanover Field for
! light practice. The practice lasted a
1 short hour, finishing with both first and
! second elevens rehearsing the signals.
There will be no change in Harvard's
1 line-up from that which was played in
i the Princeton game, though Farley and
Lawrence are expected to replace Coch
! rane and Warren, respectively, before
i the game has progressed far. The
i whole squad will leave here to-morrow
i at 10:30.
NEW HAVEN, Nov. 19.— The prac
! tice of the Yale team to-day was short
I and consisted of signal work only. Ely,
i Eddy and Dudley were sent down to
j the goal posts and Cutten snapped the
: ball back to Mcßride, who has returned
I from New York, where he had been for
! a day being treated by a specialist for
: a bothersome weak ankle. The work
was very satisfactory to Thome, who
! did the coaching. One of the Yale
i coachers said this evening that the
, coachers were well pleased with the im
provement of the players this week.
DEATH FROM ALCOHOLISM.
Verdict in the Case of J. A. Brand-
reth at Fresno.
FRESNO, Nov. IS. — The inquest over the
remains of J. A. Brandreth, a Yale grad
> uate, who dio<l at the County Jail Thurs
■ day noon under mysterious circumstances,
•war. held this afternoon. The diamond
i stud that he wore has"" not been found,
I but it Is believed it is in some safe in
! town as he said he intended to put it in
a s;if'e. The check for $1500 which Bran
dreth was reported to have had has not
'■ materialized either. He had told a num
' her of persons that it was drawn on
the Fanners' Bank, but inquiry at the
' bank developed the fact that Brandreth
; was not known there. His stories of his
! wealth are believed to have been fairy
i ta At S 'the inquest to-day Attorney W D.
I Gradv caused some excitement by deelar
! ing that Brandreth had been killed at the
! jail by an overdose of chloral, and he de
: manded that an autopsy should be held.
Coroner Long investigated . the matter
thorouKhlv. and when testimony on this
no?nt h*«i Wi concluded the jury did
not think an autopsy necessary and re
turned a verdict of death from alcoholism.
Late James T. Murphy's Funeral.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 18.— St. Joseph's Cathe
dral was tilled this morning by the famny
and friends of the late James Thomas
Murphy, gathered to pay the last tribute
o! respect to one who was endeared to
all The honorary pallbearers were se
lected from the A. O. H. Society and San
Jose Parlor of Native Sons. They were:
John Devine, J. McGettigan, James Me-
Kasrnev T R. Dougherty, Thad Hobson,
Emile Lamollf. Judge Wallace and J. W.
RVland The fiorai emblems were numer
ous and beautiful, and special music was
rendered by a select choir. Mass was
said and a sermon preached by Father
Kelly.
Sending the Christmas Box to Manila,
By Alice Rix,
In Next Sunday's Call.
TWO LIVES FOR BURROS.
Arizona Murderer Sentenced to Life
Imprisonment.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.. Nov. 18.— Charles
Rose, who several months ago murdered
two Mexicans because they stole two
burros from him. was to-day found guilty
of murder, the penalty being fixed by the
jury at life imprisonment.
Rose defended himself, refusing to ac
cept counsel, and in his statement to the
jury he eald that ho considered th© lives
of the Mexicans of less value to them
than the value of the burros to him.
Rose has a bank account of over $20,000.
— . 1~~
ACTRESS TO WED ENSIGN.
Engagement of Miss Lottie Bowes to
Roscoe Peterson.
TOPEKA. Kans., Nov. 18.— The an-
nouncement is made of the engagement
of Miss Lottie Bowes, known on the
stage as Charlotte Crane and now play
ing in "Shenandoah" in the East, and
Ensign Roscoe Peterson of the gunboat
Chase. At Charleston last Christmas
Miss Bowes obtained some notoriety bj r
being' excluded from a cotillon of the
South Carolina Military Academy, to
which she had been escorted by Peterson,
on account of her being an actress.
Waterhen Wins Derby Cup.
LONDON, Nov. 18.— At the second
day's racing of the Derby November
meeting to-day, Colonel Paget's Water
hen won the Derby cup. Mr. Fairies En
thusiast was second and Golden Bridge
third. The race is for 2000 sovereigns, a
handicap for three-year-olds and up
ward. Twenty horses ran over the
straight mile.
Why We Should Be Thankful This
Year.
By Secretary Lyman Gage,
Governor Theodore Boosevelt,
General Nelson A. Miles,
Dr. Henry M. Fields.
President Jacob Schurman of Cornell,
Russell SSage,
Commander Philip, North Atlantic
Squadron,
Andrew Carnegie,
In next Sunday's Call.
Free Thanksgiving Dinners.
The San Francisco Fruit and Flower
Mission is trying, as usual, to supply the
families of the worthy poor of the city
with a bountiful Thanksgiving dinner.
The rooms at 631 Sutter street will be
open from 10 to 5 on Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday for the receipt of dona
tions of all kinds. Wells, Fargo & Co.
will deliver contributions from out of
town free of rhnrge.
Improvements in Fainnount.
"General progress" was the encouraging
report of the executive committee to the
Fairmount Improvement Club at the
meeting of that body last night. The club
will petition the Supervisors for a general
sewer system for the district. The re
cent entertainment for the benefit of the
club was a success from a financial point
of view. $75 having been cleared after all
expenses had been deducted.
His Leg Severely Crushed.
Albert L. Noll has sued the Southern
Pacific Company to recover $10,000 dam
ages for personal injuries. Plaintiff al
leges that on June 23 of this year, while
in defendants employ, an engine on which
he was riding, owing to defective rails
loft the track and crushed his leg in such
a manner as to incapacitate him from
further following his trade. Hence the
suit.
Directors Organize.
The board of directors of the California
Wlnemakers' Corporation met yesterday
in the Crocker building and organized by
electing Henry J. Crocker president, as
predicted in yesterday's Call. The other
officers chosen were C. F. Montealegre.
vice president; "W. B. Paxton. treasurer;
W. J. Hotchkiss, secretary-manager; J.
J. Hassell, assistant secretary.
The Botkin Trial.
Chief Lees is making every preparation
for the approaching trial of Mrs. Botkin,
and yesterday Sheriff Whelan handed
over to him over JTOOO in gold to bring
the witnesses from Delaware to this city
to attend the trial. The money will be
forwarded at once by the Chief, so that
the witnesses can be here by December
5, the date of the trial. •
For the Red Cross.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Red Cross will be given to-night in Lodge
Hall. 1605 Polk street, near Sacramento.
There will be an excellent musical and
literary programme, followed by dancing.
BOG BUTTER.
Mr David Boyle. the curator of the
Ontario Archaeological Museum, is In re
ceipt of an exceedingly curious survival
from prehistoric times in the shape of a
good sized lump of "bog butter. In
Ireland in the very old times the art of
butter making was known, but the pre
servative effects of salt were as yet un
discovered. Nevertheless, the people of
that age possessed some means of pre
serving it, burial in a bog being part of
the process. Firkins of it were fre
quently left there for safekeeping, ana
from time to time these relics of prehis
toric housekeeping are unearthed. Mr.
B. St. George Lefroy of Toronto, Who is
now in Ireland, is the donor of a good
sized piece of cheesy looking stuff to the
museum. Mr. Lefroy's letter to ...Mr.
Boyle is in part as follows:
"I have just sent off per parcels post
a piece of 'bog, butter' to you. I don't
know whether it is a thing of sufficient
antiquity and rarity to tie of any value
or interest to you. but as the Dublin Mu
seum has a keg in a prominent position
perhaps you may consider it worthy of
admission to & place in the museum. I
notice the Canadian customs forbid 'sub
stitutes or imitations of butter.' I hope
red tape won't signalize itself over this.
"The keg of which this is a portion wak
dug up recently (this year) in a bog near
Dunlavin County, Kildare. The staves
arc said to have been round it, but to
have fallen off on removal. It lay in a
peasant's garden, and the dogs fed on it
for a time. Mrs. Hopkins of Blackhall
Castle,. Kilcullen, County Kildare. got It
then, and I got this fragment from her.
I melted a piece and it seems decidedly
butterish."— Toronto Globe.
RAGS STILL U&ED AS THANK OF
FERINGS IN IRELAND.
The singular custom of leaving rags
and other worthless objects at wells has
not entirely fallen Into disuse. The su
perstition. In a modified form, exists In
other portions of the world. A traveler
in Persia found a tree with rags tied to
its branches. They had been left there
by the inhabitants of a province infected
v.lth ague. A tree hung with rags was
found by another traveler in Africa.
Crooked pins, old clothes, pebbles, shells,
rusty nails, small coins and even bundles
of heath were considered appropriate
thank offerings at shrinen In earlier days,
for it was believed that the saints and
apostles did not care for articles of value.
Such was the superstitious adoration of
fountains that It was forbidden by the
sixteenth of the canons issued in 960, in
thf reign of King Edgar, and it was con
demned by the canons of St. Anselm. It
was also Interdicted by the laws passed
in the reign of King Canute. Since the
reformation the practice has not been
prevalent except in Ireland, where many
old wells consecrated to saints and mar
tyrs are yet made the object of pilgrim
age. There is scarcely a parish through
out the land that has not Its own holy
well, where, despite practical admonition,
the faithful and the faithless come to
pray for physical or mental relief, an<l
leave behind them a scrap of rag as an
offering.— London Daily Mall.
SQUIRE ANDERSON AND THE
SCORCHER.
Squire Anderson has no particular love
for the scorching bicyclist. The squire Is
a largo, heavy man. and Is not able to
dodge the rapid wheelmen as Bpryly as
he could have done twenty years ago. Sev
eral times he has been struck by bicycle
riders, but sustained no Injury further
than the soiling of his clothes. He made
up his mind that the next time the other
fellow would get the worst of it. His op
portunity came one day while he- was go
ing to his office. A dapper youth was
making his way at tremendous speed
along Perm avenue Just as Squire Ander
son was half way across the street. A
sudden inspiration seized the squire. He
stopped, turned his back toward the cy
cler and planted his feet solidly on the
stone crossing. The bicycle struck him
fairly amidship. The rider vaulted into
the air. shot ahead about ten feet and
then dropped to the graund. The bicycle
was a wreck. The squire then proceeded
leisurely to the court of Justice on Eighth
street.— PI tsHburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
A Michigan man has designed an iden
tification tag which cannot be deal roved
by fire or water, the outer :a«Mig being
made of metal and carrying an asbestos
tablet, in -which the name is stamped.
The tablet Is covered by a metal rap. and
the tag can be attached to the body by an
esbestoa strap.
CORBETT WILL
FIGHT CAUTIOUSLY
In a Signed Statement to The
Call the Ex=Champion Ex
presses Confidence.
NEW YORK- Nov. 18.— I have been tracing faitb"
fully ever since July. I weigh 184 pounds and will
figbt at about tl)at weight. I intend to make a very
careful figbt and feel positive 1 will stop Sharkey
before twenty rounds are over, but will take no
chances. One trjing 1 will do, and that is I will show
the public lam his master at any stage of it. I know
roore or as much about Srjarkey as anybody, and
Tuesday will again prove to trje world I am still able
to fight some one.
I feel better than I ever did, am bigger and stronger
and in every respect in as perfect condition as it is
possible foran attyete toobtain. 1 have been working
hard to get right and have three big, strong fellows
to work with me — Tom Carey, Stocking Conroy and"
Connie McVey. I take these fellows and work then)
all out one after the other. I have quit all that hard
work now and for the next, few days will punch; the
bag and spar lightly witb my brother, Torn, who has
just arrived from San Francisco.
Now, all I have to say to my San Francisco friends
is that I will make tlje battle of my life and will win
without a doubt. JAMES J. CORBETT.
HAWAIIAN TRADE
FOR LAST YEAR
Commerce of America's
New Possession.
EXPORTS EXCEED IMPORTS
OUTPUT OF SUGAR GROWING
LARGER.
United States Contributes Over Sev
enty-Five Per Cent of the
Shipments to the
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— The State
Department has published a report of
the British Foreign Office in regard to
the commerce of Hawaii in 1897, from
which it appears that of the total imports
of the islands, the United States con
tributed 76.8 per cent; Great Britain^
Canada and the colonies together 11.85
per cent, the balance being distributed
about equally between Germany,
China, Japan and other countries. Of
the exports 99.62 per cent went to the
United States, sugar representing 96
per cent of the total. Apart from
sugar, the chief articles for export were
rice, hides, skins, wool, coffee and
fruits The value of the imports into
Hawaii in 1897 was $8,871,041. an in
crease of $1,679,878 over 1896, and the
value of the exports was $16,081,305. a
gain of $508,428.
The increase in imports was especi
ally marked in the case of provisions,
wearing apparel, hardware, agricul
tural implements and machinery. The
increase in exports was due, mainly,
to an increased output of sugar, all of
which went to the United States.
The report assigns as the reason why
the United States has such a large pro
portion of the trade (apart from the
difference in tariff) the adaptability for
American goods for the Hawaiian mar
ket the reduced rates of transportation
and consequently cheaper prices, the
excellent packing of cotton, etc.
It also appears from the report that
in cotton goods the United States has
already a large proportion of the trade
and a monopoly of boots and shoes, felt
hats and the better class of straw hats.
The sugar Industry of the islands,
says the report, prospered in 1897, all
the plantations paying dividends. In
telligent systems of cultivation are In
vogue An association of sugar plant
ers has been formed, and it has es
tablished a laboratory and exnerimen
tal station, from which much benefit
has been derived. The cultivation of
coffee Is extending, but up to the pres
ent time no large estates have been
opened, the area planted being made ud
of a number of small holdings. In ad
dition there is n fair area of what is
known as wild coffee-that is. coffee
which has not been scientifically
planted or subjected to the more ap
proved methods of pruning, etc.. but
which has been allowed to grow almost
entirely wild. The export of coffee in
1897 was 337.158 pounds, or nearly
double that of 1896.
Native Daughters' Social.
Extensive preparations are being made
by the committee in charge of the enter
tainment and social to be given by Fre
mont Parlor No. 59, Native Daughters of
the Golden West, at Native Sons' Hall. 414
Ma«on street, this evening. The
proceeds will be devoted to the sick
fund The entertainment, which promises
to be one of the most successful given in
years, will consist of an olio and a farce
"Before They're Hatched. Dancing will
conclude the' programme.
Dresden Ceramic Club.
The ladies of the Dresden Ceramic Club
will hold their fourth exhibition and sale
of China paintings at Beethoven Hall,
Hotel Savoy, corner of Post and Powell
streets, on the afternoon and evening of
Monday. December 5.
The officers of the club are: Mrs C. S.
Packard, president; Miss Ida Evelyn
Dalv vice-president; treasurer, Mrs. A.
C. Freese. and Miss Gertrude Lewys
Brown, secretary.
More Chinese Perjury.
The Federal authorities are looking for
Dr. Hor Shin Tseung of 628 Jackson
street. The doctor was a witness in a
Chinese landing case and swore that he
was Dr. Hor Won, and that he had at
tended one of the witnesses in the case
for ten days. The original Dr. Hor Won
was found and he denounced the im
postor. Dr. Tseung thereupon disap
peared.
Sewing Women Organize.
Through the efforts of the various
trades unions the sewing women of this
city have organized, and will take In all
classes of work on the co-operative plan.
Mayor Phelan has gone on their bonds
for sewing machines and Henry S. Martin
for Government work. Headquarters have
been established on New Montgomery
street and the union already has a large
membership.
His Reputation Was Damaged.
E.T.Nichols filed suit yesterday against
William P. Detert of Jackson, Amador
County, to recover $10,000 damages for
defamation of character. Nichols alleges
that Detert made affidavit that he (Nich
ols) had agreed, as an agent of a local
insurance company, to secure him a pol
icy of $50,000 at reduced rates, contrary to
the rules of a compact between insurance
companies. In consequence Nichols lost
his position and he now seeks to recover
for the damage to both his reputation and
purse.
Damage Wanted for a Leg.
The suit of John "W. Hall against the
Southern Pacific Company was placed on
trial yesterday In United States Circuit
Judge Morrow's court. Hall alleges that
as he was alighting from a smoking car
on one of the passenger trains at Red
ding he stepped into a water box that had
been left open and received injuries which
necessitated the amputation of a part of
a leg. He asks for $50,000 damages.
Home Dinners for the Poor.
The King's Daughters' Circle of Howard
street Methodist Church, assisted by oth
er circles, will, after personal investiga
tion, assist as many needly families as
possible to a quiet family dinner on
Thanksgiving- day. Gifts of poultry,
fruits, vegetables or orders for the same
will be received and receipted for by Mrs.
O. R. Adams, 643 Howard street.
Elks' Ladies' Social.
Golden Gate Lodge Xo. 6, Protective Be
nevolent Order of Elks, will give its an
nual ladles' social on Sunday afternoon
in the California Theater. There has been
prepared by the committee of arrange
ments a fine programme. This is to be a
strictly invitational affair, and the appli
cation for tickets has been so great tnat
the Invitations are nearly all given out.
Academy of Sciences.
There will be a regular meeting of the
California Academy of Sciences next Mon
day evening at S o'clock. William A.
Setchell, professor of botany at the Uni
versity of California, will deliver a lec
ture on "Seaweeds, Their Work and Ef
fect on Nature." The lecture will be il
lustrated with colored lantern slides.
Small Hope for Nelson's Life.
Andrew Nelson, who was cut by Rush
Shilling during an altercation in front of
a saloon on Oregon street last Thursday
night, is in a very precarious condition
at the City and County Hospital. Dr.
Roche has small hope of saving his life.
At a late hour last night Nelson was
very low.
To Set Aside a Covenant.
Leopold Seligman and others have
sued Isaac Kohn and various defendants
to set aside a covenant entered Into in
1574 by which it was agreed not to open
saloons or allow any to be opened on
blocks 6R4. 685, 688, 702 and 703 In the West
ern. Addition.
Stone in Her Stomach.
From the Gazette, Blan.i:nsvlU<?, 111.
The wife of the Rev. A. R. Adams,
pastor of the Bedford Christian Church
at Blandinsville, 111., was for years com-
pelled to live a life of torture from dis-
ease. Her case baffled the physicians, but
to-day she is alive and well, and tells the
story of her recovery as follows:
"About six years ago," said Mrs.
Adams, "I weighed about 140 pounds, but
my health began to fall and I lost flesh.
My food did not agn?e with me and felt
like a stone in my stomach. I began to
bloat all over until I thought I had
dropsy.
"I had pains and soreness in my left
side which extended clear across my back
and also into the region of my heart.
During these spells a hard ridge would
appear in the left side of my stomach and
around the left side.
"These attacks left me sore and ex-
hausted. All last summer I was so nerv-
ous that the children laughing and play-
ing nearly drove me wild. I suffered also
from female troubles and doctored with
tea different physicians without receiv-
ing any help.
■ .
"My hus-
band hav-
ing read in
the news-
paper of
l>r. Wil-
liams' Pink
Pills for
Pale People,
Induced me
to try them.
I began
taking them
last Isovem-
ber, but ex-
perienced no
relief until
I had taken
six boxes.
"Mr Husband Eead."
I am now taking the eleventh box and
have been greatly benefited.
"I was also troubled with nervous pros-
tration and numbness of my right arm
and hand so that at times I could hardly
endure the pain, but that has all passed
away. I now have a good appetite and
am able to do my own work. Have done
more this summer than, in the past four
years put together. Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills for Pale People cured me and I think
it my duty to let other sufferers know It."
Hundreds of equally remarkable cases
have been cured by Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills.
i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
in a womanly way.
Her general health, her future happiness,
her good looks, her physical strength, her
capability as a wife and mother, and the
health and strength of generations to come
are dependent upon this.
Nothing in the world will destroy the
good looks, wholesomeness, the amiability.,
and the usefulness of a woman quicks
than disorders of the delicate and importa*^
organs that bear the burdens of maternity.
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription is the
best of all medicines for women who are.
ailing in this way. It makes a woman
strong and healthy where a woman most
needs health and strength. It relieves
pain, soothes inflammation, heals ulcera-
tion and gives rest and tone to the tortured
nerves. It cures all the ills and pains too
commonly considered an uncomfortable in-
heritance of womankind. It has been used
for over thirty years with an unbroken
record of success. More of it has been sold
than of all the other medicines for women
combined. It is the discovery of Dr. R. V.
Pierce, for thirty y*ars chief consulting
physician to the Invalids' Hotel and Sur-
gical Instittst*^* Buffalo, N. Y. He will
cheerfully answer, without charge, all let-
ters from ailing women.
"Three years ago." writes Mrs. J. N. Messier,
of 1794 Vanilerbilt Avenue. New York. X. V., "the
best physicians in this city said there was no,
cure forme — unless I would go to a hospital and ;
have an operation performed? I could not walk
across the room. I took Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription and after three bottles I could
work, walk and ride."
Torpid liver and constipation are surely
and speedily cured by Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets. They never gripe. They regulate,
tone up and invigorate the liver, stomacli
and bowels. No substitute urged by mer-
cenary dealers is as good.
iff Ja
RUPTURE CURED.
In inventing his wonderful "MAGNETIC-
ELASTIC TRUSS" DR. PIERCE gave to the
world the most remarkable remedy ever dis- .
covered for the successful treatment of- Hernia
or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers have been
permanently relieved and radically CURED by
this great appliance, and thousands of others
I are now on the road to complete recovery.
ETCall or send 2c in stamps for "BOOK NO.
1." It tells all about it. Address,
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
(Trus3 Dept.) 620 Market street, opposite
Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
Strong -Drink, is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for tho
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WE OIAKAVTKF FOIK BOXES
to cure any case with a positive »vrl tton jtuar-
anii'i- or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDMJQ nDIUI/ cause* BHaexy, Poverty
nil No Umrl!\uii-I Death. Upon receipt
of $10-00 tt3 will mall yon four [4] boxes and posi-
tive "arrittentiiarr.nfeo to cure or refund
■ • iW"""*"*?. °"" — '" * .•• ■ ■■* " >
I GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Acts.,
214 Kearny St.. San Francisco.
Use f^\ an( !'-
Facial Soap <£y Facial Cream.
Woodbury's Facial Soap. Facial Cream, Fa- •
cial and Tooth Powder have the indorsement of .
th» Medical and Dental Professions. ' Sol 4
i everywhere.
TRANSFEREE'S SMLE.
•On Saturday, the 19th day of November, 1538,"
at 11 a. m., at 205 Montgomery St., we will,
by order of Fred Wood worth Esq., attorney
for transferees, sell without, reserve or limit, ■
at public auction, to the highest bidder for
cash, the I following itemized personal proper-
ty heretofore owned by John F. Sheehan: 1
mantel clock. 2 ornaments; Carlsbad dinner set.
consisting of 34 pieces; 1 black onyx 3-stone
diamond bar pin, weighing about Vi karat; 1
small pair diamond black onyx eardrops, weigh-
ing about V* karat: 1 small solitaire diamond
ring, weighing about V* karat;- 1 silver teapot,
1 silver sugar bowl, 1 silver coffee pot, 1 sliver
creamer, 1 silver . sugar bowl, without cover;
all above sterling silver an.l made by Tiffany;
1 gold lined berry dish. 1 gold lined berry dish
and fork 1 butter knife, 1 soup ladle and case,
1 salad fork, 1 Ivory handle ' carving set, S
pieces and case; 1 salad spoon, 12 gold . lined
spoons, 12 Japanese knives, 13 silver teaspoons.
1 pie knife, 1 berry spoon i and case, 1 berry
spoon and case, 1 large sou;) ladle. =1 fish knife
and case, 1 butter knife and case; all the above
sterling silver; 1 silver button hook, 1 olive dish
and fork, 1 gravy ladle, 1 gold lined silv* but-
ter dish. * INDIANA 'AUCTION COMPANY.
- H. J. LEUTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
00000 oo ooooooooooq
S w PA LA CE wg
GRAND hotels*
q BAH FJtAJYC/aCO. 2
■* Connected by a covered passageway. *4 .
V 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. 2
O All Under One Management. Q)
O ' NOT! THE PRICES: .,. Of
b European Plan. «l. oo per day and upward A
American P1an. 93.00 per day and upward Ul
ft Correspondence Solicited. Q
0 JOHN 0. KIKKFA73ICK. Kt&sgcr. q
O Q O QOOOOaOOOQQOO
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
,• . . • Telephone South 24. ' . . '
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
Yards at HOWARD AND BEALE 3T3.
iililiiiiil
niniS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
' J. Special lsteur<?« Private. Nervous, and Blood !>!». I
eases of Men only. ' Book on Private Disease* and
Weaknesses of it en, free. Over -i> jr're 1 experience.
Patients cured nt Homo. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to3daily;6:3otoS:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. CaU.oraddreaa
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D.,
26,'s Kearny St., San Francisco, Col.
56
S^fae all
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 19, 1898
JOHN D. RECK ELS, Proprietor.
\ Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21? to 2£\ Stevenson Street
, . ' Telephone . Mala IS7I.
THE AN FRANCISCO CALL 1 (DAILY. AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
■ for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. *
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ;;:;;^ :;;: ~. 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D, C.) OFFICE Rift** Hone*
C. C CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until
fc3o o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
JVJ o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
;.- 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 2291 Market
'\t: street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
. Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, span
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-Mceitd «M
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,.
Ca!ffornia-"Nr.rtherr. Lights."
Columbia— Keliar, the Magician.
Baldwin— "Mistakes Will Happen."
Alcazar— "A Fool of Fortune."
Morosco's — "A Midnight Trust."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivol!— "Suzette."
Comedy— "Under the Dome."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
CHympia. — Corner Mason ar.d EUuy Streets. Specialties.
Sutro's Baths — Swimming.
Ingleside Track— Races To-day.
Inglestde Coursing Park— Coursing.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Glen Park— Misslun Zoo, Sunday.
Rosenthal — Coming in December.
AUCTION SALES.
By William G. I-ayns— This evening. November 19. at 8
O'clock. . Horses, at 721 Howard street.
By Killlp & Co.— Monday Evening, November 21. at 7:30
o'clock. Horses, at corner Van Xess avenue and Market street.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Monday, November 21, at 11 o'clock.
Livery Stable, at 1123" Mission street.
ThJE NEW CHARTER.
THE CALL this morning publishes answers from
members and members-elect to the Legislature
tp the direct question of their standing on ap
proval of the new charter for San Francisco. A ma
jority of the replies are absolutely in favor of the
ratification of that charter. Of the remainder of
the total membership the majority simply indicate
inattention to the subject and no opposition to the
charter. The Call opposed the adoption of the new
charter by the people and therein voiced the senti
ments of citizens who are as devoted to the public
good and as deserving of popular respect as any that
favored it.
Our opposition ceased at the tally-sheets which
proved the result of the balloting. The people sup
ported the charter and so does The Call. The in
strument is in no more danger of defeat at Sacra
mento than the State Capitol is of being converted
into a Chinese laundry. The Call makes the charter
fight its fight, if there is to be one. But there will
be none, and the suggestion of a persuasion fund and
a hired lobby to work for the charter at Sacramento
is simply indicative that somebody is out of a job.
WINEMAKERS STAND TOGETHER.
REPORTS of the business and the prospects of
the California Winemakers' Corporation sub
mitted at the annual meeting which closed on
Thursday were so gratifying and satisfactory to the
members that they re-elected the old board of di
rectors and will continue, for six months at any rate,
to carry on their efforts to improve the condition of
the industry.
The outcome of the meeting will be pleasing to the
State at large. It would have been felt as a serious
setback to one of our greatest industries if this as
sociation, organized for the benefits of producers, had
failed to retain the confidence of its members and had
been virtually abandoned. The wine grape growers
and winemakars of California have had a hard
struggle in the past, and it seems clear that unless
they can in some way co-operate the future will
hardly be much more profitable.
The chief difficulty that confronts the wine industry
of the State is the lack of a sufficient home market
ior the output of which the State is capable. The
American people have not yet reached that degree
of living which makes the use of wine and oil com
mon to all clashes except the very poor. While in
point of wealth our people are better able to con
sume table wines than those of any European coun
try, very few of them do. As a consequence the de
mand for wine is by no means as great as it will be
when the advantage of wine at dinner is better under
stood.
r To make the campaign of education for the intro
duction of wine using in this country by the general
mass of people, and to convince those who now use
it that California wine is better and purer than the
bulk of that which is imported, ■will require a long
period of time and the expenditure of a good deal of
energy and money. It will be better certainly for
our winemakers to co-operate while this struggle for
the upbuilding of the home market is going on than
for them to attempt it separately.
The decision whether the corporation is to be con
tinued has been postponed for six months. It is to
be hoped before that time passes the benefits of co
operation will have been abundantly manifest. The
outlook, at any rate, seems to be promising. If some
means Cofild be found to put an end to the differences
between the^ winemakers and the wine dealers there
would be something like an assurance of profitable
business all round.
A Milpitas constable who deliberately killed an in
offensive young man, the victim being unarmed and
hardly more than a boy, has been found guilty of
manslaughter and recommended to the mercy of the
court. A question arises as to what sort of an act
down Milpitas way would be regarded as murder and
calculated to impress a jury as reprehensible.
A Parisian editor declares that a treaty of alliance
between the United States and Englfrnd has been
drafted, and then we all know the editor has had an
extra dose of absinthe.
Orders are said to have been issued to the Spanish
fleet to prepare for action. Possibly Spain desires
to get rid of the rest of her navy.
Official revelations that the Spaniards have been
stealing on a magnificent scale do not come in the
nature of a surprise.
Alger and General Corbin appear to be in need of
getting together.
DO WE WANT COLONIES?
THERE are many evidences of reasonable con
sideration of the situation ensuing upon the war
with Spain. The demand that Spain give up
the Philippines has been hastily taken as expressive
of our intention to hold them. This is not so at all.
Relinquishment of her sovereignty over those dis
tant islands, and committing it to us, is no evidence
of President McKinley's intention to hold them.
Nor do the late elections furnish any evidence of the
people's desire to retain them. In California the
Philippine question did not affect a single vote. Both
parties had declared for the policy of expansion, but
it was an ex parte declaration and the result was not
affected by it.
In New York the election of Roosevelt and of. a
Republican Legislature was brought about by causes
that had no relation to a craze for tropical colonies.
After his victory Colonel Roosevelt said: "I shall
try to administer the office of Governor in the inter
est of the whole people. It is by so doing that I can
best show my appreciation of the support given aie
by the independents and Democrats, who have them
selves put the welfare of the State first, declining to
follow those of their leaders who, in this crisis, either
ranged themselves outright on the side of the^ forces
of dishonesty, or else supported them in effect •• by
standing aside from the real contest."
An analysis of the causes that led to the result in
other States will show a like situation.
Therefore the acquisition of tropical colonies is not
decided on by the people and is an open question, to
be yet settled after ample debate.
The abandonment to us of her sovereignty in the
Philippines by Spain does not mean our retention of
them. We can with perfect propriety secure a coal
ing station there and hand the sovereignty over to
the people, to whom it .rightfully belongs. We may
complete negotiations relating to the Philippine debt
and to all other matters, acting therein as the trus
tee of the people, and may even go so far as to guar
antee their performance of whatever we promise in
their name, but all this is very different from incum
bering ourselves with possessions that mean cost and
trouble. It is a subject for dispassionate considera
tion, and is not to be concluded by a pseudo patriot
ism that is expressed by yelling. All the pretended
fervor about "nailing the flag" is blue bosh and fus
tian. The American army officers and soldiers who
have sweltered and sickened on that rotten tropical
soil, under a vertical sun, are not enamored- of the
land or the people. A very large majority of the let
ters written home by soldiers oppose the holding of
a tropical country, where their experience proves that
white men cannot live and thrive.
Up to this time the people have had misinformation
in the shape of half the facts. The two thousand
sailors and marines in Dewey's fleet have been truth
full}- reported as enjoying good health. But they have
been on shipboard. They have drunk only distilled
water. They have slept in wholesome quarters.
Their rations have been under careful inspection.
They could not get ashore to yield to the temptations
which undermine a man's strength. Merchant sailors
in the tropics understand it perfectly. They kno.w
that as long as they stay on deck they are safe, and
that there is ever}- risk on shore.
The health reports from Dewey's fleet led' our peo
ple to conclude that the climate was as wholesome as
the Sierra foothills or the Catskill Mountains. The
experience of our troops on shore at Cavite and Man
ila has undeceived them. As a result there has arisen
the pitiful clamor to have the boys sent home, which
has been caused by their letters truthfully describing
the unchangeable physical conditions. In these reve
lations we also find the difference between the senti
ments of army and navy officers on the subject, jhe
navy officers live on their ships, equipped with w^ter
distilleries, artificial ice machines, ventilating electric
fans and other comforts and sanitary necessities,
which are not possible of Use in the army. The army
officer's judgment as to physical conditions is the
better, for he must endure them unmitigated by ar
tificial means. He meets, in other words, the un
changeable conditions to which our garrisons must
be subjected, and which forever forbid any attempt
tc domesticate men and families of our race, in com
merce, manufactures or agriculture, in those lands
and latitudes. As we cannot domesticate our race
there, we cannot plant our institutions, which are
racial purely, and cannot be adapted to a tropical
people by any process of education nor any training,
no matter how prolonged it may be.
THE MASSACHUSETTS SENATORS
/^* OMMENTING upon the demands of the im
l perialists for the annexation of the Philippines
and the adoption of a policy of unlimited
colonial expansion, Senator Hoar said in a recent
speech at Worcester: "In my opinion we are to-day
in. a great danger — a danger greater than any we have
encountered since the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth.
The danger is that we are to be transformed from a
republic founded on the Declaration of Independence
and guided by the counsels of Washington into a
vulgar commonplace empire founded upon physical
force."
Senator Hoar's colleague from Massachusetts,
Senator Lodge, sees another danger confronting vs —
a danger that our commerce in the East may be de
stroyed. In an address at the banquet of the Boston
Boot and Shoe Club on Thursday evening he said:
"We want no commerce at the cannon's mouth,
but we do want it understood that wherever, an
American is engaged in business there he is to be
protected, and that there is a navy of the United
States big enough to guard him wherever he sees fit
to go. Therefore, I say we need a large navy as a
protection to commerce on the sea as well as on the
land The question that confronts us is a larger one
than what we shall do with the- Philippines. They
say we are not an Eastern power unless we hold those
islands. We are to-day the greatest power in the
Pacific Ocean. We hold one entire side of that
ocean except the outlet which England has to China.
We hold the halfway house in Honolulu, where all
ships must stop when the Nicaragua canal is built,
as it will be. Are we going to allow the ports of the
East to be closed to us and open to Russia, France
and Germany alone? Or are we going to stand up
and say with England and Japan the ports of China
must be closed to all or they must be open to all?"
The addresses of the two Senators taken together
make a comprehensive statement of the issue that
confronts us in the Orient and the dangers that re
sult from it. On the one side there is the possibility
that a foolish jingoism may lead us to take a position
in the Philippines that will involve us in every con
flict in that section of the world, and on the other
there is a possibility that our commercial interests
may suffer from European aggression.
The two addresses are worth studying because so
many efforts have been made of late to convince the
public that the Massachusetts Senators disagree with
one another and that a factional split in the Repub
lican party is likely to take place over the Eastern
question. It will be seen from the statements quoted
that there is no necessary conflict between them.
Senator Hoar is not opposed to the expansion of
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
our commerce by peaceful means, nor does Senator
Lodge believe that we must annex the Philippines in
order to expand it. There is a broad platform of
policy on which both can stand. Let us build up our
merchant marine and strengthen our navy and we can
then hold our own in the Orient and everywhere else
without taking upon oufselves the. burden of govern
ing the savage inhabitants of islands too pestilential
for white men to inhabit.
THREE boys are in San Quentin for an offense
so trivial as to have merited nothing more than
a reprimand. They have not committed any
crime, and yet officials induced the lads to plead
guilty to the charge of horse-stealing. The only pur
pose seems to have been to permit a Sheriff to acquire
a few paltry fees. To do this he was willing to have
the trio branded as felons. They have been degraded
to stripes;' the real disgrace belongs upon the Sheriff
and the officials who connived with him in the com
mission of this outrage.
Let Sheriff Bellew and District Attorney Dorn
stand up and explain their connection with this scan
dal. If they cannot do so, and wholly change the
present aspect of the affair, they are unfit for any
"place of trust.
The penitentiary is for the reform of evil-doers and
the protection of society. Its purpose is in no measure
to afford, an opportunity to avarice to line pockets
with fees. Even had the boys been guilty, why were
they taken one by one to prison instead of alto
gether? Three trips meant more money to the
Sheriff.
It has been long since so cold-blooded an act has
been charged against anybody holding authority.
The forfeiture of his position would be a mild penalty
to visit upon each shown to be a participant in the
cruel and unprecedented procedure. At least they
cannot deny the press and public the privilege of
making a few remarks about them.
IN overruling a demurrer interposed to the applica
tion of the Mutual Electric Light Company for a
writ of mandate compelling the Board of Super
visors to award it a contract for which it claims to
have been the lowest bidder, Superior Judge Seawell
has laid down some law which is at once hopeful and
interesting. Indeed, it throws more light upon the
illuminating situation in this city than any recent
declaration of the courts, and if it shall finally become
the law of the suit brought by the Mutual company
it will be worth many thousands of dollars annually
to the people and taxpayers of the municipality.
The lighting situation in San Francisco has long
been an anomaly among "problems." The constitu
tion provides that in cities where there are no public
works owned and controlled by the people for sup
plying the same with artificial light, any person or
company may lay pipes or conduits, under the direc
tion of the Superintendent of Streets and in accord
ance with such regulations as the authorities may
prescribe, and engage in the business without other
franchise or privilege. This law was made for the
purpose of introducing competition into the manu
facture and sale of gas and electricity. It is a plain
case of granting a franchise to whomsoever may
choose to invest his capital in the worthy business of
reducing the cost of artificial light.
The provision has been annulled in this city, how
ever, by the simple expedient of placing an embargo
on electric light poles. The Supervisors have adopted
a resolution declaring that telegraph poles are
a nuisance and giving the owners of those
that are up a few years m which to
remove them. Naturally, when a competing
electric company appears and asks for the privilege
of erecting poles the board answers that, having or
dered those already up to be taken down, it cannot
perpetuate the nuisance by allowing it to be extended.
The practical result is to create a monopoly in elec
tric lighting, since no corporation can lay an under
ground system and compete with an overhead
system.
Judge Seawell has simplified this remarkable situ
ation by declaring* that the constitution, which says
in terms that one class of citizens shall not be granted
privileges or immunities which may not be enjoyed by
other classes, cannot be nullified in this manner. If
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Company is to
be allowed to maintain poles, he says, the law com
pels the Supervisors to grant the same permission to
the Mutual company. If this is done of course the
lighting monopoly will go down with a run, for the
latter corporation has offered to do the city's work
for $40,000 less a year and grant consumers a 25 per
cent reduction on their bills in consideration of the
privilege of maintaining poles.
It is fervently to be hoped that the principles Judge
Seawell has announced will become the law of the
municipality: Artificial light is a necessity, and it
should be cheapened as much as possible. Most
other public utilities are luxuries, but the lives,
health, property and personal safety of the people de
pend upon the city being thoroughly lighted. Light
is civilization, darkness is barbarism. The law on
grounds of public policy alone ought to maintain
competition in the manufacture and sale of so great
a necessity as electricity is coming to be.
An evening paper charges that one of the Police
Judges refuses to try "drunks." It is indeed pitiful
that for a mere $4000 yearly high-toned jurists must
be brought into contact with blear-eyed citizens of
unpleasant aspect. Perhaps it would be wise to per
mit the balking member of the bench to try his dis
agreeable cases over a long-distance telephone.
Cuban soldiers would accept pay from the United
States treasury. . By all means let them have it. Then
let Uncle Sam buy every Cuban baby a rattle and a
gum ring. We went into this business for the pur
pose of making the Cubans happy, and our aim is
still to please.
A grim old soldier like General Young seems to
have entirely escaped the hysterics while in Cuba.
In fact, the General entertains a notion that war is
characterized by- hardships, and to have run up
against them before. ' ; ; ", %*
»
r For General Greely to say that the volunteer; army
has been a good deal of a failure was neither neces
sary, nor gracious. In all likelihood if he did say it he
had been taking a dose of quinine out of Chaplain
Mclhtyre's bottle. "''.'■"
While contemplating the erection of a temporary
City and County Hospital it is well to remember that
the rotten old shack now partly serving the purpose
was erected to be temporary.
There may yet be a chance to annex a few Spanish
ships to the navy without depending upon the badly
battered ones in Cuban waters.
Nothing more is heard of Weyler. Can it be that
some thoughtful magistrate has given him thirty days
for disturbing the -peace?- • ••
WHERE DISGRACE BELONGS.
ARTIFICIAL LIGHT.
THANKSGIVING NUMBER.
SENDING THE CHRISTMAS BOX
TO MANILA. Ai.cEß.x.
WHY WE SHOULD BE THANKFUL
THIS TEAR.
By Secretary of the Treasury Lyman Gage, By Com. Philip, North Atlantic Squadron,
General Nelson A. Miles, Pres. Jacob Schuman of Cornell,
Governor Theodore Roosevelt, Russell Sage,
Dr. Henry M, Fields. Andrew Carnegie.
THE SUNDAY CALL, I
NOVEMBER 20, 1898
DREYFUS ON DEVILS ISLAND
Uncle Sam's First Thanks- Harold Frederic's Death as
giving in the Annexed Viewed by Christian Scien-
Territories. tists and Physicians.
THANKSGIVING STORIES,
PAGES OF OTHER SPECIAL FEATURES.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Sheriff S. M. Brown of Eureka is at
the -Russ.
Dr. F. W. Brooks of Santa Cruz, Is at
the Grand.
H. B. Allen of Orca, Alaska, is a guest
at the California.
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento Is a
guest at the Grand.
W« E. Gerber, a Sacramento banker, is
a guest at the Grand.
J. L. Johnson, an extensive horse breed
er of Ukiah, is at the Russ.
W. H. McClintock, a prominent Sonora
mining man, is at the Lick.
C. M. "Wheeler, a well-known Eureka
lawyer, is at the Occidental.
A. Duncan of Dunsans Mills has taken
apartments at the Occidental.
Edward Dinkelspiel, a Suisun news
paper man, is at the Baldwin.
Assemblyman-elect F. E. Dunlap from
the Twenty-fifth District is in town.
E. M. Morton, a prominent attorney of
Healdsburg, is registered at the Russ.
R. H. Willey, a well-known Monterey
attorney, is stopping at the Baldwin.
George A. Sturtevant, a prominent at
torney and politician of Ukiah, is at
the Grand.
»^ "It is not gen-
O erally known,"
said Press Agent
<^ Pincus of the
O Columbia, "how
3> Ernest Hogan,
9 the 'unbleached
O American,' came
ALL COONS
LOOK
ALIKE TO ME.
<£o<£o<§>o<rO*-o<S>o<^o<S> to write the song
'All Coons Look Alike to Me/ a ditty
which brought added fame and fortune to
the clever colored comedian. It appears
that he was sauntering leisurely along
the colored quarter in Chicago one night
after his turn at one of the theaters.
As he was passing a dance hall his at
tention was attracted by a party of his
brethren, consisting of three females and
as many males, who came tumbling down
the steps of the terpsichorean resort, the
men brandishing razors of massive pro
portions, the feminine members of the
brunette contingent being busily engaged
in the laudable occupation of pulling out
each other's hair. The fight was rudely
interrupted, however, by an officer of
Irish persuasion, who swooped down upon
the six disturbers and also upon Hogan,
who was intently watching proceedings,
and gathered them all in.
"The next morning they were brought
Into court to answer the charges and
Hogan was the sorriest 'coon' of all.
He asked for a private talk with the
Judge and it was granted him. After he
had explained who he was and that he
was simply an innocent spectator of the
fracas, a fact attested by the six guilty
ones, the Judge called up Officer Flaherty
who 'had made the arrest and said,
'Flaherty, how comes it that you ar
rested Mr. Hogan? He is a respectable
citizen and was not in this mix-up at all,
but only looking on.' The perplexed officer
looked at Hogan and then at the six of
fenders and replied, 'Well, begorrah, all
Oi know is there was a terrible foight
goin' on an' Ol ran them all In, because
"all coons look alike to me."
"Hogan was released at once, and tak
ing his cue from Flaherty's remark com
posed the song, thus turning the Incident
to good account."
Senator Robert N. Bulla, the well
known Los Angeles lawyer-politician, is
a guest at the Grand.
J. C. Young, a prominent TaylorsviUe
cattleman, accompanied by hts wife and
daughter-in-law, is at the Russ.
W. J. Berry of Selma, father of the
Berry brothers who have achieved such
marked success in mining near Dawson
City, is at the Lick.
Eugene S. Ives, a well-known Arizona
politician, and State Senator Thomas
Flint Jr. of San Juan, are among recent
arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. G. P. Radley, Paymaster W. Barry
| and wife and Lieutenant Charles A.
Adams and wife are down from Mare Isl
and and registered at the Occidental.
Dr. Gerald J. Fitzgibbon has entirely
recovered from the injuries he received
in a buggy accident some time ago. He
will to-day resume his duties as a mem
ber of the Board of Health.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Heinrich and Miss
Julia Heinrich. the well-known vocalists,
arrived from Los Angeles yesterday and
registered at the Palace. They will leave
for Portland, Or., to-morrow.
Mrs. Mary House of Annapolis, a Red
Cross nurse, left for Manila yesterday on
the St. Paul. Another nurse of the same
society, Miss Helen M. Penney of Fargo,
North Dakota, will leave for the same
point to-day on the Belglc.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NSW YORK, Nov. 18.— Alexander H.
Rutherford of San Francisco is at the
Holland; Cecil Gabbett of Sacramento is
at the Fifth Avenue; Mrs. R. H. War
field and R. E. Warfield, of San Francis
co, are at the Netherland; Edward E.
Movers of Los Angeles is at the Gerard.
A DEDICATION.
I dedicate these songs to thee,
Who made the man, who made them so;
I was a stone, thy rod smote me.
And bade the living waters flow.
I say thy rod— for hadst thou been
Ah kind as I perceived thee fair,
Thou hadst but lived my Love and Queen,
A child of common earth and air.
But now thy feet are duly set
On that green sward, where. once at eve,
Fond Herrick and his Julia met.
And Coleridge clasped his Genevieve.
From "Poems," Ernest Hartley Coleridge.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SIR HERBERT KITCHENER— O. S.,
City. Sir Herbert Kitchener was born in
Ireland in 1851.
A HALF DIME— J. A. 8., City. A half
clime of 1858 is not a premium coin. Deal
ers offer such for 15 cents.
THE FARRAGUT-N. N.. Santa Cruz,
Cal. The torpedo chaser was not built to
carry an immense quantity of coal to al
low her to cruise to distant points. «
TATTOOING -N. R., Berkeley Cal.
There are several persons in San Fran
cisco who do tattooing, but this depart
ment cannot advertise them.
THE DINGLEY BILI^-J. G. V. Jr., City.
The tariff bill, commonly called the Ding
ley bill, is not an amendment to the con
stitution of the United States.
THE CHITOSE-N. N., Santa Cruz, Cal.
It is expected that the cruiser Chitose
will be ready to turn over to the Japanese
Government within sixty days
THE MISSISSIPPI— N. N., Santa Ctuf,
Cal. If this correspondent will be a little
more explicit as to what is desired abJUt
•'the Mississippi River flowing up hill."
this department will try to obtain tht de
sired information.
LIGHTHOUSE AND COAST SURVEY
— G. C. X., Oakland, Cal. Both the United
States Lighthouse Bureau and the Coast
and Geodetic Survey are under the juris
diction of the United States Treasury De
partment.
SUPERVISORS 1 APPOINTMENTS —
Job Chaser,. City. Answers to Corre
spondents has not the sptioe to publish
"a list of all the appointments within the
gift of the Board of Supervisors and the
salary that goes with each appointment."
UP RIVER DIRECT— N. N., Santa
Cruz, Cal. When a steamer Is advertised
as going "up river direct. " it is generally
understood that she is to go to the fur
thest point navigable In the direction
of the head or source of the river and
that she will not stop at way landings.
SILVER COINAGE— G. T., City. Presi
dent McKinley while a member of Con
gress did not vote for the free coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. His position
on the silver question was thus given In
his own words: "I am in favor of the
double standard, but am not in favor of
the free and unlimited coinage of silver
In the United States until all the world
shall join us In guaranteeing to silver a
status which their laws now accurd to
gold." .
BASEBALL—R. D... Oakland, Cal. This
correspondent asks: "Runner on first '
base, batter hits a grounder to first base
man, who touches the base, retiring the
batter. Is the runner forced and may he
be put out by touching second base?
(Yes.) First and second bases are occu
pied, batter hits infield fly, if fly is caught
or not caught and runners remain on
bases (first and second) aro they out?
(On an infield fly the umpire, whether the
ball is caught or muffed, declares the bafer.
ter out and those on bases are out.). If
the runners get around to second and
third bases and the fly is caught, what is
the result? (They are put out.)
HOW TO VOTE— J. S., City. The law of
the State of California does not provide
for a method by which a voter can by a
single mark indicate that he votes a
straight ticket. The law is that "on re
ceipt of his ballot the elector shall forth
with, and without leaving the inclosed
space, retire alone to one of the places,
booths or compartments provided to pre
pare his ballot. He shall prepare his bal
lot by marking a cross after the name, of
the person or persons for whom he In
tends to vote." From this it follows that
if an elector should at a Presidential elec
tion place a cross in the space to the right
pf the first of the Presidential Electors
and none opposite the other eight ha
would vote for one only.
Soft Baby Cream 15c lb. Townsend's. •
Molasses Horehound candy. Townsend's. •
Plum pudding at Townser.d's; made of
California Glace Fruits; 3 lbs. $1.. •
Time to send your Eastern friends some
of Townsend's California Glaoe- Fruits; 30c
lb. in fire etch boxes. R27 Market street. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'st, Bin Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"Have you been married previously?"
asked the license clerk.
"Naw," tfaiil the young: and blushing
candidate "bat paw. he says he thinks I
am getting married too previously now."—
Indianapolis Journal.
DRINK A. STEEPING OF MOKI TEA BE
fore retiring at night, ami see how soundly
you will sleep and how joyously you will
awake in the morning. It supplies food for. the
blood while you sleep, produces a clear and
beautiful complexion, cures constipation and
eick headache. At N" Percentage Pharmacy.
• Those who are worn out. rheumatic and feebl*
B UoiWcl<uße r.\RKKR's GixqiSk Tonic. -•- •' j
Pjbkkr's Haib Balbah will save your hair.*
It you lack appetite try half a wine glas« of
Angostura Bitters before dinner. Dr. Slegrort'*.
the genuine, imported from South America.
"That pretty widow seems still to be In
the flower of her youth."
"Yes and it seems to me that her weeds
make her look still more blooming."—
Philadelphia Bulletin.
.. ADVERTISEMENTS. % . ■
RoYal
Baking Powder
; Made from pure v
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum. j
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
_____ WOV«L BAKINtt>OWO6W CO. , NEW YORK.THE SENATE
COMMITTEE
INQUIRY
Management of San
Francisco Harbor.
FERRY SLIP FACILITIES
AIttPLE DOCKS FOR THE USE OF
SEA-GOING VESSELS
Test.mony Regarding the Purchase
and Delivery of Supplies.
Methods of Preserving
Timber.
State Benater J. H. Dickinson, repre
senting Contra. Costa and Marin counties;
Senator W. '-"■ Prisk. representing Ne
vada. Sierra and Plumas, and Senator E.
TV. Chapman, who represents El Doradc
and Placer counties, held two sessions
yesterday as a Senate investigating com
mittee t } look into the affairs of th€
State B r ard of Harbor Commissioners foi
San Francisco. The committee met in
the -rain room of the Commissioners ir
the new depot. Frank Brandon, secre
tary of the Senate, attended the session
In an official capacity. Commissioners
Colnon. Harney and Herold listened tc
the testimony and occasionally supplied
missing links of Information.
Shortly after 10 a. m. Howard C.
Holmes, chief engineer of the board, was
called to the witness-stand, and in re
sponse to questions propounded by Gen
eral Dickinson explained the methods
employed by the San Francisco Timber
Preserving Company in creosoting piles.
It was disclosed in the testimony that
there is no competing firm. Two Southern
Pacific employes— G. Curtis and John
G. Isaacs — patents for preserving
timbers used for piling.
Mr. Holmes in the course of his testi
mony said: "Piles are purchased through
the purchasing agency of the board. The
requisition is first made by the superin
tendent of repairs. The last contract was
let by the board for one year. There
was no advertisement for bids. Bids
were invited for creosoting the piles."
Regarding ferry slip accommodations
Mr. Holmes said there were five slips now
in use. One was used by the Donahue
road, one by the North Pacific Coast line
and three were used by the Southern Pa
cific. There remained one spare slip and
also a lay-up slip. At the present time
the Southern Pacific was using the lay
up slip, but the occupation was not per
manent. All of these slips are within the
building front. .'• .
"It would crowd us," testified Mr.
Holmes, "to accommodate more than two
more ferry lines."
Further questions were asked concern
ing the use of oil to preserve the piling
timber. It was developed that the quan
tity of creosote used is ten pounds to the
cubic foot. More than that is used in the
East. The chief engineer advocates four
teen pounds per cubic foot.
George \V. Root, who has held the posi
tion of chief wharfinger for thirty-eight
months, was the next witness. He testi
fied that the dockage facilities for sea
going vessels were ample. He estimated
that there were berths sufficient to accom
modate at one time 200 vessels. He could
only recall two instances where vessels
had to wait on account of crowded docks.
Then heavy weather outside had delayed
a larg-** fleet, and a favorable breeze had
brought In a great many at once.
Mr. Root said, in response to questions
by General Dickinson, that the seawall
«=hould be extended south.
S Chief Engineer Holmes was recalled to
enlighten the committee as to the expense
of dredsrfr.?. He explained that the equip
ment consisted of two dredgers and two
tugboats. The average cost of dredging
RAIN MAY FALL IN PLENTY.
Precipitation Dp to Yesterday.
CORNIA is fretful over this broodingmeteorologlcal peace that Is
sr warm and dry the seat of winter. These weeks of glorious ■
u-e made it fairly shrink and wince, half fearful that
to be another "dry season," 1 with the fields and hills
already long athirst. There are a great many millions at stake. A
hopeful prophecy is wanted and any weather astrologer even of the
goooebrcast school will be eegeriy listened to. "Wet or dry?" they are
calling to Forecast Official Hammon, but Hammon says only in effect: "It
will be a dry season if it don't rain, but if it rains enough it will be all
right. I don't know and nobody knows. If a man thinks h-=> knows. I think
he doesn't know enough to know that he doesn't know anything about it."
There is absolutely nothing to guide a guess, ft may be dry,, extra dry.
medium or wet. The records have been figured up, down and across by
days, montlta ar.d years, and there isn't a combination, contrast or coin
cidence worth a moment's notice. Yesterday the edge of a storm began i
drifting Urfi way and showers are predicted for to-day. We may have
two weeks of rain or two weeks of sunshine thereafter.
The chief thing that may inspire hope and save nerves is the plain fact
that a small amount of rain early in the season is no indication of a dry ■
season. In a number of years a dry fall has been succeeded by a wet win
ter and spring. Since ISTI ther^ have been years when the seasonal rain
fall up to November is w&a leas than this year. Of these two came out j
with more than the average rainfall.
The accompanying illustration shows a few of the frealn tA the
record. In MB there had been but .06 of an inch of precipitation on No
vember IS. yet the !:• ; m jfJH inches. This season's record to
date is 1.92 inches. The lowest .seasonal record when less rain than now
had fallen by November 1 ■ inches in 1572. In 1873 the figures are
1.24 and 24.73. In ISS7 at this date the measure was .32 inches, and in 18SS it
was .33, yet ttiese seasons received rspectively 16.74 and 17.5R inches of rain.
On the other Band, in IS7S. when the record was 4.01 on November 18, the
total was but 11.04, and last year, with a seasonal showing of but 9.38
Inches, there had been more rain at this date — 2.08 inches. In 1877-78 the •
figures were 2.11 and 35.13. The entire record bears out the negative wis
dom that it is too early to worry. :
was 7 or S cents. The cost had not j
changed in twenty-four years. That was
the ruling price in 1*74.
p. T. Brown, superintendent of tugs and
! dredgers, readily answered the questions
I by the Senators. He said ne made
-itions for coal whenever fuel was
ssary. He coaled his dredgers twice
' a month.
Whfn the Senators reassembled for the
session James J. Flynn. pur
chasing agent of the Harbor Commission,
testified that he was appointed April 6,
1?98. to succeed Mr. Peterson. He said he
I purchased supplies for the commission on
j the requisition of various heads of depart
; ments. General Dickinson attempted to
! ascertain if a requisition was approrved
; by any other than the person making it,
, and the replies left the impression that
j whenever the head of any department
■ wanted hardware, tools or lumber he gave
j an order for it and this order was tilled
t by the purchasing agent.
Mr. Flynn explained that he invited
j competition and purchased goods at the
I lowest market price. He passed Judg
ment on the bids himself for all small
: amounts. On purchases amounting to $400
or $500 the advice of the board was sought,
i The witness testified: "I keep a com
\ plete record in book form of requisitions,
of delivery of the goods and the payment
of bills. Everything purchased is entered
in the stock ledger. An inventory is taken
every month. Tag receipts show the
: quantity of coal Issued, but I have no ac
tual knowledge that the coal is used.
The purchases including lumber and coal
amount to $8000 a month. Black Diamond
coal, at $4 85 per ton, is used."
Mr. Flynn explained that lumber was
purchased at less than the market price. -
The witness said in response to ques
tions asked by Commissioners Colnon and
Harvey that he had received no Instruc
tions from the board or any member or <
the board to purchase supplies from any
particular firm or individual.
General Dickinson figured out the an-
I nual purchases at J98.0W, of which amount
' lumber and coal purchases, under the con
tract, amounted to $72,000. The remaining
i supplies, amounting to $34,000. were pur
; chased by the purchasing agency. li. was
. further figured that Mr. Flyr.n's salary
of $21<» per annum and the salary of his
assistant and a boy to drive, amounted,
; all told, to $4000 per annum. General
Dickinson, therefore, made the calcula
tion that it cost the State $4000 to super
vise the purchase and delivery of sup
plies valued at $24 ■
Commissioner Colnon announced that
' he would make a statement concerning
the purchase of supplies before the com
mittee concluded the investigation. He
remarked that he was responsible In a
measure for the new system.
L F Long, superintendent of urgent re
pairs was the next witness called. He
.^d that he ordered, through the
purchasing agent, the lumber required to
make repairs and designated where the
lumber should be delivered.
The testimony brought out the fact that
a new order was recently put in foi#e
which requires the superintendent of ur
gent repairs to secure orders from the
'<■ chief engineer in regard to repairs. This
was adopted to cover certain law
i points. ______^__^_
FEAST FOR THE ORPHANS.
More Illegally Killed Fish Seized by
Deputy Commissioners.
The bay fishermen who are netting un
dersized striped bass are having their
work for nothing. Under the State law
no one is allowed to take or offer for sale
any of these fish weighing under three
pounds. It is not easy to arrest the first
offenders, so the deputy commissioners
arrest the middlemen or dealers when
they can and seize a!! the undersized fish
they can find. Early in the week nearly
300 pounds were confiscated in Wells. Far
go & Co.'s express office and sent to the
Almshouse. where they were much appre
ciated by the old people.
Another lot was seized in Oakland a few
days ago and the dealers were arrested.
Yesterday It was learned that a consign
ment haa been made by Eldridge Bros, of
Pinole to A. Palidini of this city. When
the fish arrived Deputies Vogelsang and
Davis confiscated the entire Int. consisting
of 125 pounds. This lot was sent to the
Hebrew Orphan Asylum for the*benefit of
the little folks there 1
The Social Evil.
Every clergyman in San Francisco
should r<*ad the editorial in this week's
Town Talk on the social evil and the man
r,er In which the Paulist Fathers are seek
ing to eliminate it from the city. The
' arguments in the editorial are put forth
, in the powerful language and clear diction
;' for which "Our Opinion" is famous. There
are some good stories in The Saunterer
; this week, and the stage and musical
: critiques are interesting. The Bonelli
pupil recital is fully treated. There Is a
satirical sketch with the "New Woman"
a? its subject, and various other readable
i topics are touched upon. •
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
DEATH HOVERS
BESIDE DURIE
HEITHIER'S COT
Critical Stage of Her
Injury Has Arrived.
MOTHER COMFORTS CHILD
NO REPROACHES, ONLY WORDS
OF LOVE.
The Wounded- Girl's Condition Per
mitting, She Will Be Removed
From the Receiving Hos
pital To-Day.
Durie Helthier may never fully awaken
from the semi-stupor In which she has
been kept since she shot herself because
of her desertion by George Alexander.
The crisis Is fast approaching and the
next twfnty-four hours will bring the
turningr point either toward convalescence
or death. The emotional and impulsive
temperament of the unfortunate child
still asserts itself despite the opiates
which are administered to assuage her
sufferings.
At Intervals, when the torture of her
fevered wound decreases momentarily,
she brightens perceptibly and plaintively
expresses a desire to get well and go back
to her home in the hills, where a mother's
sheltering love will protect her from de
ceit and woe. But she suffers intensely
nearly all the time, and the torture seems
greater than human strength can bear.
Then she cries In agony. "Oh, why can't
I die? I have nothing now to live for."
All day yesterday the girl's heartbroken
mother sat beside her cot. Early In the
morning, after she had regained control
of her overwrought feelings, the mother
was told she might go to her child.
Eagerly, but with labored restraint, Mrs.
Heithier hastened to the bedside of her
child. No word of reproach came from
the motner's grieving lips. Tenderly and
lovingly the mother entwined her arms
about ncr offspring. Then the maternal
h.--art could no longer restrain emotion.
The doctor's admonitions were forgotten
Instantly and Mrs. Heithier bent over
ar.d kissed th^, parched lips and pale
brow of her first born.
Durie awakened, recognized her mother,
and a sweet, innocent, contented smile
j showed that she knew of one love which
would never fail her and never cast her
off, no matter what disgrace might be
thrust upon her. The poor girl's
attempt to nestle In the sheltering arm?
was most pathetic. With a glad intona
tion she murmured faintly. "Mamma,
mamma," and then, overcome by weak
ness and the morphine, she closed her
sad brown eyes and sank into restful
1 slumber.
For hours the mother sat there, weepjng
! silently, with the sleeping child's hand
I clasped in hers. When the matron and
j doctor came to minister to the patient
j Mrs. Heithier woufd reluctantly yieki to
their kindly Intrusion, resuming her vigil
as soon as they were through. Like all
mothers, Mrs. Heithier is brave when her
child is in danger, and she heeded every
i word of advice given by the hospital offl
i cials. In the evening her brother, S.
! Caberzet, arrived from Sonera and she
was persuaded to go with him and seek
rest for the night. Mrs. Gonzale«, Dune's
aunt, took the mothers place ar.d sat with
the sufferer until late last night.
The doctors have not been aole to ascer
tain the location of the bullet, as probing
is out of the question. The girl complains
of terrible pains in her left side, which in
dicates that the ball struck a rib and
was deflected downward. Dr. Thompson
and his associates at the Receiving Hos
i pltal regret that they have no cathode ray
! apparatus. With it they could dennitely
locate the bullet and possibly extract it.
Arrangements are being made to send
the patient to the German Hospital and it
was expected that ?he would be removed
last evening, but it was decided to post
pone her removal till this morning. She
has a fighting chance for her life.
Mrs. Heithier does not care to discuss
her daughter's unhapy love affair. Her
only desire is to take her girl home. She
knew Alexander wheg_he courted Durie
in Sonora. and had every confidence in
his integrity. With saddened fortitude
the mother accepts the new burden which
has been thrust upon her, and says:
"What's done is done. It will do no good
now to complain. Alexander has ruined
my child. God and his conscience will
surely punish him."
About 9 o'clock last evening a dapper
looking young man visited the hospital to
have an injured finger dressed. In some
way word reached Mrs. Heithier's ears
that the young man was Alexander. She
informed her daughter that Alexander
was present and advised her to remain
quiet. With a wild shriek the unfortunate
girl demanded that he be compelled to !
face her. Mrs. Heithier and her sister.
Mrs. Gonzales, without waiting to com
fort the excited girl, left the ward and i
started for the operating room, evidently
intending to wreak vengeance nn the false
lover. As they entered the operating
room they saw. instead of Alexander, a
wr'l-dressed young man having a slight '
wound dressed by "Colonel" Joseph Mo- '
gan. They at once returned to the bed- ;
side of the wounded girl, who was trem
bifttf with excitement, an dinformed her !
of the mistake.
"He will not come here." remarked Mrs.
Heithier; "he is too much of a cur for
that."
Her remarks had the effect of quieting
the excited patient and she soon fefi
asleep. _____________^_
Professor Jaffa Honored.
BERKELEY. Nov. IS.— Professor Meyer
E. Jaffa of the college of agriculture in
the University of California, has been
honored by an appointment as member of
the executive committee of the National
Association of Official Agricultural Chem
ists, now in convention In Washington. D.
C. The news was received to-day by Pro
fessor E. W. Hilgrard in a letter written
from the capital. Professor Jaffa writes
that he is making every endeavor to bring
the next annual convention of the asso
ciation to San Francisco.
ADX EBTISEHLENTS.
DR, MEYERS & CO., 731 MARKET STREET, S. F.
These celebrated specialists cure all contracted and other ail-
ments of men. and restore partial or complete loss of vital power,
quickly and permanently. They have been established over seventeen
years. They have the largest and fi^st equipped medical institution
•and the most extensive practice in the West.
PATIENTS NEED NOT PAY TILL THEY ARE CURED,
DR. MEYERS & CO. have Buch confidence in their successful reme-
dies and methods that they will let the patient deposit the price of a
cure in any bank or with any business house or newspaper in San
Francisco, to be paid to them only when a cure is effected. If pa-
tients prefer, they may pay for a cure in monthly installments.
PRIVATBBOOK AND ADVICE FREE AT OFFICE OR BY MAIL.
Write if you cannot call. Thousands cured at home every. year. All corr»-
pondence and other dealing with patients confidential. Other dealing with pa-
tlents sacredly confidential.
PAPA WON'T GIVE
THE BRIDE AWAY
>■ Society is all agog exulting. "We have developed our own little ro- A
- mance of the Sloane-Hammond ilk and have a maiden, rich and fair, who -i
<■ will wed for love and love alone. - A
► - Miss Ethel Murphy, daughter of S. Q. Murphy of the First National h
► Bank, has yielded to the ungilded charms of the mischievous little god ■<
► and will wed Mr. Blddle, a humble department clerk of Washington. D. C. •>
►• in spite of papa's refusal to sanction the union, and his awful threats of ■■<
£ disinheritance. .' %•*
► ■ This tender little romance is the very latest bonne bouche of For- '■*,
*■ tune's favorite and so ' pleasing is the moral that they cheer and cheer ■>
*■ and cheer again, and even then roll it round and. round, loth to let it go. -<
Papa Murphy, so says Dame Rumor, has nothing personal against young «
v Biddle. His blood is of the bluest— and aristocracy and wealth may mate -
► harmoniusly even Murphy pere admits. . However, what Mr. Murphy does -
► complain against is that the young man, who will on Wednesday next -
► become his son-in-law, has.no money nor means of making^ — much -
►■' money— and without goodly quantities of "ambrosial cash. ' Mr. Murphy -
► can see but a dismal future for the daughter he has so carefully reared *nd -
► does so dearly .cherish. "
y Mrs. Murphy, so again says rumor, while she would not have disdained ■
►- a title, backed by ancestral halls and plethoric purse for her little ■
► "Mousie," smiles kindly upon the noble Biddle, gives her blessing, and -
►• has ordered for her dear one a choice (and extensive trousseau.
► The day for the nuptials has been set. Wednesday next, and 100 mvi- -
► tatlons have been issued for the occasion, wolch, again according: to fom- ■
k- sip, is to be an elegant affair in spite of the fact that Papa Murphy says ■
► he won't give the bride away; that he won't attend th». wedding and that ■
y —worse and worse— won't settle a dowry upon her.
y Miss Murphy is too deeply in love with the man whose name she Is to •
►- take on the 23d to care exactly how papa feels just now about it. ■£:
► "I have been rich so long," says Miss Ethel— i. c. her friends say she ■
l says so "that I want to see how It is to be poor." And that closes Miss ■
► Ethel's chapter until she writes her name Murphy-Biddle.
y Miss Murphy met Mr. Biddle some three years ago at Washington, and •
►• the mutual attachment which followed has been of that slow and steady ■
►- growth that "time cannot wither nor custom stale." That Miss Murphy •
k- will be happy with love In a cottage all her friends are as willing to -
W wager as that Papa Murphy— whose no usually means no— will not give ■
k- the bride away.
A.
"RICHELIEU" TO BE
ACTED BY STUDENTS
WILL BE PRESENTED AT ST.
IGNATIUS HALL.
Gorgeous Costumes Made Specially
for the Production — Glance a^.
the Dramatis Personae.
Bulwer's masterpiece "Richelieu will ,
be presented by the members of the Gen- I
tlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius Church
next Tuesday evening. November 22. in
the College Hall, on Grove street and Van
Ness avenue. The production will be
erven for the joint benefit of the Gentle
men's Sodality and the Ladies' Franceses.
Relief Society, both of which are well
known The Gentlemen's Sodality his
been in existence for the past thirty-four
years and numbers among its { member,
men from nearly every walk In life. Tne>
"re all banded together for the purpose of
leading good lives by honoring the \irgin
and afsistlne their fellow man in every
W The PO Sdle"s' Francesca Relief Society
numbers among its members some of the
most prominent ladies in the city. The
purpose of the organization in addition to
furthering fraternal relations, is to as
semble together once a week and assist
the poor by providing food and clothing
for the winter months. ,
"Richelieu" will be presented by the
same cast that presented "Damon and
Pythias" at the College 1 Hall a year ago.
It' will be remembered that at the presen
tation of this piece Modjeska. who was at
the time taking a well-earned rest In the
city, visited the performance at the re
quest of those interested in receiving her
criticism. -and passed judgment upon it.,
She maintained that she had never wit- ;
nessed a more successful amateur per- !
formance. The acting, according to her
criticism, was admirable, and the interest
was strongly excited from the rising of
the curtain to its final drop. .
In the cast will be the following gentle
men:
Louis XIII •-■ ■ ■ "**"• "Wallace
Gaston. Duke of Orleans. ..J. L. Mulrenln. A.B.
Count de Baradas ......;.W. O?iUle
Cardinal Richelieu. .F. P. Haynes. 5.8., L.L.B.
Chevalier de Mauprat _ . .........
T. W. Hlckey, 5.8.. L.L.B.
De Berinehen G- G. Fox. A.B.
Joseph . .!7... Charles W. Sweigert. S.B.
Hu«ru»t ""*• de Jaunett. A.B.
Francois .Professor E. J. Hanlon
First Courtier P. J- Sullivan
Jailer J. Sullivan
Marion de Lorme --.F. Meany
Julie de Morlemar Master F. Lonergan
George Hermanee, the veteran manager
of the Grand .Opera House, has charge of
the piece. . • -v 3^.
The tickets of admission can be had all
day Monday and Tuesday at 214 Hayes
street, or at the door on the evening of
the performance.
RED TAPE.
Even Dead Soldiers Must Wait for Its
Untying in the Custom House.
The Custom House service is so bound ;
up in rod tape that even the de^d must
wait until the seals are broken leisurely
and officially. Whether the corpse be
either that of a hero of Manila or of a j
Chinaman from the Galla^agos Islands, it ;
must wait its turn. The latest instance of '
red tape in the administration of Custom j
House affairs is only a day old. 'Last Wed- j
nesday a customs broker addressed the
following letter to Collector Jackson:
■ Ex steamer Moana from Honolulu, arrived
this day. November 16, with three boxes con
taining three corpses of United States, sol
diers who died Hi Honolulu, and their remains
are now returned to the United States.
As appears by the manifest they are con
signed to Colonel Long at San Francisco to
forward* to destination. We would thank you
to' have a special permit of delivery issued for
these dead soldiers to enable Colonel Long to
forward to destination with as little delay
as possible.
The note was returned to the broker
with this indorsement:
Proluce the bills of lading or ret an order
from O.ior.el Long. E. B. J.
The Moana arrived on Wednesday and
the bodies were kept on board awaiting
the untying of red tape until Thursday
afternoon, when they were delivered to
the military authorities without any per
mit whatever, and simply on the promise
that a permit would be obtained later on.
Serenaded Supervisor Holland.
The property owners of North Beach
on Thursday serenaded Edward Holland,
Silpervisor-elect of the First Ward. The !
parlors of the Commercial Hotel had ;
been decorated without Mr. Holland's :
knowledge, and about one hundred and I
fifty of the friends who helped elect him j
gathered there to congratulate him on j
his success. Z. U. Dodge presented Mr.
Holland a beautiful floral piece in the i
form of a chair, emblematic of the seat :
he Is to occupy in the Board of Supervi- !
sors. Mr. Holland replied, thanking his \
friends for the good work they had done
fnr him during the campaign as well as
for the floral tribute attesting their good :
will for him. The gentlemen having .
charge of the serenade and banquet were:
Gabriel Jacobs. P. OLeary and P. J.
O'Riley. _____^___
ADVEBTISEMjSKTTS.
MRS. LUCY GOODWIN
Buffered four years with female trou-
bles. She now writes to Mrs. Pinkham
of her complete recovery. Bead her
letter:
Deab Mrs. Peticham: — I wish you to
publish what Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, Sanative Wash
_ jUUEBIJUI— and Liver Pills >
j^^^^^^^j^ have done for '
ISf wBSBtiBr <r( *& for four years ,
~"jg~S~ /si the womb. -I
■^s?\. a^ so suntere< l
\jkTv •*> " c^i with nervous
t£ • <? prostration, faint, i
* all-gone feelings, palpita-
tion of the heart, bearing-down sensa- |
tion and painful menstruation. I could I
not stand but a few minutes at a time.
When I commenced taking your med-
icine I could not sit up half a day, but
before I had used half a bottle I was
up and helped about my work.
I have taken three bottles of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and
used one package of Sanative Wash, ;
and am cured of all my troubles. I feel
like a new woman. I can do all kinds
of housework and feel stronger than I
ever did in my life. I now weigh 131
pounds. Before using your medicine I
weighed only 108 pounds. x
Surely it is the grandest medicine for
weak woman that ever was, and my
advice to all who are suffering from
any female trouble \%to try it at once
and be well. Your medicine has
proven a blessing to me, and I cannot
praise it enough.— LCCY GoODWIX,
Holly, W. Va. i
Gas
Globes
20c:
Ickelheimer Bros.
20 Geary St.
Near Kearny.
1898--TAXES--1898
Notice is hereby given that the first
installment of real estate taxes .nd all
unpaid personal property taxes, includ-
ing balance due , from those who : have
already paid the Assessor, will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MON-
DAY, November 28, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS received after SATUR-
DAY EVENING. November 26.
Office open FRIDAY AND SATUR-
DAY EVENINGS, November 25 and
26, from 7 to 9 p. m.
JAMES N. BLOCK.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of; San Francisco.
CONCERTS AND BESOBTJf.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20. . AT 2:30 P. M.,
Swimming Races for Valuable Prizes.
AND MUSIC BY THE GAULOISE BAND. ;
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, cc.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. *
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO a P. M.
BASEBALL !
RECREATION F»/\RK..
.1 TO-DAY AT 3 P.? M.'."";
SACRAMENTO VS. r SAN FRANCISCO.
£•_■*. ■ ADVEB.TISEHEITTS. . ; . ._ __^_^
Store p( ent y of it: the big stores are bubbling over with excitement;
thanksgiving is near, linens are here : Dr. Kindheart mends doll*
neWS I free; Santa C/aus is preparing his home, and thousands of" doll*
and toys await his pleasure.
open to=night till 10 o'clock.
we bid you welcome to oar afternoon concert to-day,.2 to 5._
program :
PART I.
1. March. "Tn Command" Michaells
2. Waltz, "My Dream" Waldteufeli
3. Overture, "Orpheus" Offenbach:
4. Descriptive Ptece. "L'Appel dcs
Uhlans" (The Cal! of the Uhlans)..
Eiienberg
5. Selection, "The Oolah" Leoocij ;
8. Medley, "A Bunch of Favorites" . .Clark >
Including— "Oenevleve." "Sadie. My
Lady." "It Ain't No Lie." "Enjoy
Yourself," "Syncopated Sandy." "I
Love You in the Same Old Way."
com© in, walk round, be our guests ; you can be with us to-night, see
how we are preparing for the rush which is always ours at Thanksgiving
to New Year's day ; see how a big, very big store sells goods reasonably.
millinery dren, pretty little
nttraptinnc: flats with braided
dLll dLliUllb tarn o shanter
crowns, trimmed at left side with
fancy quills and a rosette Cl 7£l!
of ribb0n........ OI»l«|
fancy mother goose pokes trimmed in
ponpons, ribbon and high CO
pointed crowns of velvet... *** -A* w
tarn o\ shanters in braided ef- '7^?C
fects and fancy plaids. mow
new bell crowned wide rimmed sailors
trimmed in a plaid sash and "7^C
fringed ends... — * f ' v '
sailor tarn o' shanters for boys Q£T/-»
and girls -SOW,
tarn o' shanters for school ! wear (new
line of fancy walking hats \g\r
in) • lOV
V»rkTTo J 1 40 dozen boys' black cotton
OOyb hose, extra heavy quality, of
VinciPTvn- fine maco yarn. - corduroy
nOSiery and narrow ribbed, high
spliced heels, double knees, IQ C
soles arid toes; sizes 6 to 10 — It/V
pillow 2>X> dozen (2400) pillow cases,
PiilOW S ; Z^ tfxaS. 2-inch hem,
cases rrod..n od ... q :. am . y ... m . us : Tc
see other strong attractions in to-day's "Examiner."
937-939-941-943-945-947 M«rl«.e»t St.
the store good linen made famous; mothers send daughters here.
AarusEaniNTs.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO.. Lessees & Managers.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE TIMES. .
THE PEERLESS MAGICIAN.
KELLAR,
Assisted MRS. KELLAB,
la a Marvelous Programme.
NEW FEATURES.
OH'— Odd Title for an Astounding Feat.
THE MYSTERY OF L'HASSA— A Mahatma
Marvel. .■.•-.-.>-■ -•- ■ *-^.V . : -U"^:,
GET RID OF YOUR "WIFE— A Comedy
Number.
Next Monday— "AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
BALDWIN THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO.. Lessees & Managers.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME,
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME,
Mr. Jacob Lltt presents Grant Stewart's Com-
edy Success. -
Mistakes Will Happen.
. "" A Great Cast Headed by
CHARLES DICKSON AND HENRIETTA
CROSMAN.
MONDAY-
"SECRET SERVICE."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO".. Lessees & Managers.
PRICES: MATINEE TO-DAY. To-night,
1 5 C Sunday and all next week.
23c i WM. CALDER AND COMPANY.
ojt.' In the New
AndsoJ ROMANTIC MILITARY PLAY.
. . ■ . • .. ' ■■--■;*■;
NOKTHERN
LIGHTS!
JjiulllD!
A CAST OF EXCELLENCE.
EVERY NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
WILLIAM H. CRANE'
Fifth Avenue (New York) Theater Success,
= A FOOL =
= FORTUNE =
NEXT WEEK— A Brilliant Comedy.
"IMAGINATION."
| Tuesday Night Benefit— MAßK THALL. Cor-
[ bett-Sharkey Contest Announced Between Acts.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
lira. Ernestlno Krelin«r. Proprietor and ilgrr.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
, AND THIS EVENING.
A Musical Treat: The Laughing Success!
! Oscar Well's Comedy Opera In Three Acts.
Suzette
i A GREAT CAST. A PERFECT ENSEMBLE.
NEXT— Grand Scenic Production of Ros-
j tand's Romantic Comedy,
CYRANO DE BERGERAC.
WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC.
.'; Seats on Sale Next Monday Morning.
Popular Prices...... 25c and 50c
] A Reserved Seat for the Matinee..... .....25c
. • Our Telephone, Bush 9. .i-
Ml Grand Performance. Sunday, ] Nov.
■-» I 20. Commencing at 1:30 p. m.
! A I i Marvelous Lion : Act by the cele-
|l\ i 1 brated lion tamer. Madame Schell
R- f~*' Professor, Raymous the : Hawaiian
\J human flying fish. Evan and Burns
V_ . In •a • thrilling trapaze performance
y : l>j . Blackened , glove contest by Murray
I and;. Ellis, the grotesque "•■•"boxers
W •■■:. i Cornet duet by, Professors
■-* '■■ . Fabris and Allen. Grand concert b^-
L. the - Glen , Park '. Band. - . Plenty of
■ j swings, see-saws, may pole, flying
O| \ Dutchman, travelling rings, Morro
t\ Castle full of : «->teresting .-, animals,
U{+ seal lakes, donkey riding, etc. - Ad-
V^ • mission 10c. ". Children under : five
SS T — \ years free. Take San Mateo electric
I • cars, - : Sutter.- Valencia and . Mission
I I »treet transfer. : : '
PART IL
7. Duet for Cornet and Trombone. "T
"Would That My Love" Mer.delssohn
Messrs. Bowers and Greene.
8. Two Spanish Dances Moezkcwskr
9. Selection, "The Geislia." (by re-
quest) - Jone«
10. Waltz, "Roaes From the South"..
Str»us«
11. Caprice, "Dance desFleur«" (Dance
of the Flowers) Brack
12. March. "In the Swim" ......«_. ...Bruck
"America."
UOW II down sacques, lay-
ClUtJiUUVVlldown sacques, lay-
copnnoc down collar, fancy
SaCqUeS trimmed in black
around collar, down front and around
! Jacket, tied with black satin ribbon;
j colors, blue, pink, gray and SQq
better ones, ribbon at neck. 32 £|
to 42 ****
; (see other sacques in the Examiner.)
now arrivals 200 ° yard all-silk
neW arnVttlo plain and spotted
in voiliTicrc veilings in tux-
11l VeilingS € do, russian. brua-
fsels and fishnets; also the new
white chenille spot on black Q^/->
net, yard -"v*'
rtintiA ladies' 2-clasp pique walk-
piUUO ing glove, spear point em-
(r]nvoc broidered back, in red,
gIUVCo preen, oxblood, brown, red
tan, tan, black and white; Cl SA
sizes 5% to 7 Oi»OU
oil Tirnn]- nnayv y blue, 38 Inches
all-WUul wide, good heavy qual-
serge only, yard <£i%3\*
"" AMUSEMENTS. ""
COMEDYJTHEATER.
§ MATINEE TO-DAT AT 1 "V
TO-NIGHT,
Lincoln J. Carter's Masterpiece of Stag* ■
Realism, J
UNDER
. . .THE
». . . THE . . .
DOME!
MATINEE TO-MORROW. SUNDAY.
MONDAY NIGHT THE HENDERSON CO.
First Time In This City.
CYRANO DE BERGERAC.
The Theatrical Sensation of the Day.
Produced Under the Personal Direction of
MR. DAVID HENDERSON.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Comedy Theater and Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. NOV. 19.
Parquet, any seat. 35c; Balcony, lOo; Chil-
dren. We; any part.
HARRY LACY, assisted by :£I3S VAN SIC-
LEN. ill the comedy sketch, "Bob Racket's
Pajamas." - ; • :
FLO IRWIN AND WALTER HAWUET. la
the Gay Miss Con."'
HERBERT'S TROUPE OF DOGS— 1
Greatest act by trained cogs in the world. :
FLOOD BROS., acrobatic monarch*.
FRANK AND DON. comedy boxers. <■
JAMES CULLEN. descriptive vocalist. '
PAULINE HALL, new songs.
BEATRICE MORELAND AND COMPANY.
in "A Game of Golf."
BIOGRAPH. new views.
IOROSCO'S SRANDK
V aitse Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Muxacec
THIS EVENING at 8:15. .
An Elaborate Production of W. R. Wa!4ron and
Lionel Ellis' Great Eastern Success,
A Midnight Trust
A GREAT MELODRAMA.
BEAUTIFUL SCENIC EFFECTS.
NEW SONGS! NEW PEOPLE! NEW PLAYt;
EVENING PRICES-^! c, 25c and 51c ■
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
Seats on sale .at box-oXflc* and ' mala floor j
of the Emporium. ' l"
OLYMPIA, cor a IS3 y .
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall. t
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTI»T.
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYLNIi EASIW
ERN STABS.
THE NEW YORK FAVORITES. ;}
HDLVEY and INMAN,
- In Their Great Specialties. r»,
LAST WEEK OF THE CELEBRATED
The Four Florences! 1
Return of the FaToritem, * §ssl
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
■ ■ Very Latest Coon Son**. > "■!.
AND A WONDERFUL SHOW X ; ''-*f.:
Of Ten Great Acts.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION gßgg,
P^FKSgffIfCLUB
BJ^ L -^7h/GLB S/O£- track-*-
0 RACING from Holiday, Noy. 14, to (^
0, Saturday, No?. 26, lndusl?e. W
ttt^ Fits er Mart Rsssiag Ba«es Daily, B»ia » /
O ' or BMa.. f±
* < Beautiful Grounds. ' \ M
J^v ■: Superior Accommodations. %£
I / FIRST RACE AT 2P. M. fj
W. S. P. R. R. Trains. 12:45 and 1:15% / •
Op. m. daily. Leave Third-street
\'W 'Station, stopping at Valencia street. ■ »
:%i Returning immediately after the > f
W~ ■» races. Round-trip ticket. 25c.
\ f : ELECTRIC CAR LINE 3. I ■
■"ii- Kearny-street and Mission-street >_*
f,"» cars every three minutes, direct to ■;
V/ track without' change. Fillmore- \~ 9
rf=v. street cars transfer each way. ii
O street cars TO THE each way. fl
ADMISSION TO THE TKACK, $1.00. |
\Jf S. N. ANDROUS. President. > /
F. H. GREEN. Secretary. ''^%'~-
THF WFFKI YPAI II
51.50 per Year.
78
GRIDIRON ATHLETES OF STANFORD AND UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA AWAIT THE REFEREE'S SIGNAL TO BEGIN BATTLE
Blue and .Gold Is Fast, Springy
and Full of Strategic
Resource.
FOOTBALLi is the sauce that goes
with every meal at either of the two
colleges at tho present time. Whether
it be breakfast, lunch or dinner, the
one subject of conversation is the
came. Let two or more students of Cali
fornia or Stanford come together and the
Thanksgiving day battle is fought out on
a mental gridiron. Touchdowns are mado,
goals are kicked, and tho measure of
somebody's coffin taken and the pall
bearers chosen. Half of it will be what
Captain Rercy flail, University of California.
CAN CORBETT WHIP
THE BURLY SAILOR?
According-'to the latest Intelligence from
the training quarters of Tom Sharkey
and James J. Corbett. the heavy-weight
nose-breakers will be in splendid fettle on
entering the ring next Tuesday evening.
Naturally all persons interested in the
game desire to know who will win. Some
Bay <"orbettj while others pin. their faith
on tho sailor. If the contest is allowed to
proceed a winner will certainly be named,
and if the battle BhouM come to an abrupt
conclusion doabtleaa Corbett will receive
the award on points.
The Question now asked by many Is:
"What has Sharkey done- to place him on
a par with Corbett from any. point of
view excepting bull strength and ten-
a ThVir records speak for themselves. To
illustrat-- we will go back to the Fitzsim
mons-Sharkey tight in Mechanics' Pavil
ion Those who were present on that
memorable occasion do not forget how
Fitz handled the burly sailor. He hit him
when and where he pleased, and was hold
ing an easy winning hand when Sharkey
feigned sickness from a blow which he
Bald had injured his groin. It Is not nec
essary to go into details concerning that
entertainment. Suffice it to say that Shar
key was simply a chopping block In front
at the cool and hard hitting ex-black
t-raith. *
The next contest of importance in which
the bold Thomas figured was when he met
James J. Corbett Uttder the same roof In
a limited contest of four rounds. The ex
champion figured on an easy game and
met his opponent when he was in the
•worst possible condition for- a contest of
any kind.
Tlie result of Corbett's Indifference
came very near losing him the bout and a
besmirched title. As It was, had not the
police interfered at a moat opportune
time, Sharkey would, beyond a shadow of
a doubt, have knocked Corbett Into the
land of dreams. But. as before stated,
Corbett entered the ring feeling like a
New York Alderman after enjoying a
Thanksgiving dinner, and consequently
a comparison between the fighting abili
ties of the men cannot be taken from a
contest of thiß nature.
Now we will drift back to the Carson
battle. The thousands of people who
watched with impatient eyes every move
ment of the flg-hu T9> in that remarkable
contest will acknowledge that for six
rounds Corbett smothered Fitzsimmons
(the man who made a monkey'of Sharkey
for eight rounds), after which his steam
became exhausted and he gradually pined
away.
Now if Oorbett can make a punching
drum of Fitz's face for six rounds the
question arises what is he capable of
doing to Sharkey, whose late fight with
Jeffries did not prove that he had made
much improvement in hitting, although
in foot work it must be admitted that
he advanced a peg or two?
Granting that the contest will be con
ducted on thf» square, to use a ring phrase,
what may be the probable result? Doubt
loss Corbftt will tantalize the sailor lad
by left hand jabs on the nose to such an
extent that the receiver of buckskin
punches will forget the valuable instruc
tions that will be Imparted to him by his
manager, Thomas O'Rourke Esq., and a
grand charge- a la Donnybrook fair will
then be made by the Irish bull on his
opponent, and then— wt-1), what
then? Police! Police!
Should the contest go on to a finish
Corbctt will certainly win on the number
of points Scored. In fact Sharkey's only
chance at winning will be by a knockout
and even at that game Corbott will more
than probably accomplish the trick after
he has had the sailor's face looking like
the setting sun.
In local circles the coming event which
will doubtless attract widespread atten
tion will be the Lavigne and Tracey con
test of twenty rounds. On this day week
the ones who played the winner of the
mill will naturally feel happy. The losers,
on the other hand, will not have a word
to say. As a rule losers do not like to
discuss past events. The battle, which
should be of the most interesting nature,
between two exceptionally clever men,
will doubtless run on to near the finish,
as Tracey is certainly not going to mix
things In a hurry with his strong and ac
llve opponent. It goes without saying
lhat an immense crowd will witness the
mill, as the sporting people of this city
mow a good thing when it !s introduced.
The Atlas Athletic Club will hold its
next exhibition at Turn Verein Hall on
Monday. November 28, with the following
programme: Doc Flynn vs. Jack Dean,
might have been; the other half will be
reality.
But five days separate the enthusiast
from the one great athletic event of the
year, the annual intercollegiate football
contest between Stanford and California,
and they will be five cycles of twenty
four hours filled with the most gnawing
impatier.ee. At any time the interest in
the Thanksgiving game" is immeasurable,
but this year it is greater than ever be
fore. There are many reasons for this,
six rounds; Jack Sullivan vs. Jockey
Evans, six rounds: Billy Hogan vs. Joe
Ensbury. six rounds; E. Dahl vs. Jack
Kane, eight rounds; C. Vickers vs. Kid
Johnson, eight rounds.
OAKLAND GOLFERS'
CUP COMPETITION
Two weeks ago a qualifying competi
tion, IS holes, was held at the Oakland
Golf Club grounds to decide what mem
bers were eligible to compete for the
captain's cup, a handsome trophy pre
sented to the club by Orestes Pierce. All
who succeeded in making an average of
fifty or fewer strokes per round were eli
gible. The winner of the competition,
which, is held twice a year, has the hon
or of having his name engraved on the
cup. The competition for the cup was
held last Saturday and resulted in a vic
tory for Ernest R. Folger, with a score
of SO for the 18 holes, or an average of
45 per round. This was exactly the same
as the best score made In the qualifying
competition. For purposes of compari
son the scores In both competitions are
given herewith:
Competition.
PLAYER.
Av'ge.
| Av-ge.
Gross. I
V. P. Johnson. .
\ S. Stratton...
}. D. Greenwood
i. M. Fitzgerald
\ E. Bowles
D. R. Folger
. P. Edwards...
L Cooke
Jeorge P. Gow..
N
92
M
N
M
H
100
45
46
47 "
43
49
49
50
60
102
10>
65
M
106
SO
IIS
102
M
ol
81%
4V&
46^
S3
45
69
61
4S
This afternoon an open competition, 13
holes, will be held at the Presidio links.
On Saturday, December 10, a match will
be played on the Oakland links between a
team of eight members of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club and an equal number of
the Oakland players for a sliver challenge
cup. The return match will be played on
the Presidio links on Saturday, December
17, between the same sixteen men.
Owing to the Increased number of play
ing members the directors of the Oak
land Golf Club Intend to enlarge both the
ladies' and men's dressing rooms in the
clubhouse and to add about sixty new
lockers.
The San Rafael Golf Club has a links
of nine holes, and many enthusiastic
players are to be found practicing on holi
days and Sundays. Early next year the
club will have a beautiful links of 18
holes, superior probably to any on the
Pacific Coast, and surpassed by very few
In the United States. The land acquired
by the club Is exceedingly well adapted
by nature for the purpose, being pictur
esque and varied; the surroundings are
pretty; there is plenty of rolling ground,
and there are several natural hazards.
The putting greens will be well grassed,
and there will be a fine green in front of
the clubhouse. Until we have rain not
much progresß can be made toward get
ting the links in order. The 18 holes will
make a round of about 6400 yards, or
nearly three and threp-quarter miles, so
that a player who makes two rounds. In
volving from 180 to 200 strokes. In an aft
ernoon will have earned his dinner.
SWIMMING RACES
AT SUTRO BATHS
Platform diving and also springboard
diving by juveniles Is all the rage at Su
tro Baths, and the boyß who take part
are enthused. Therefore some good
spprt is to b<- Witnessed each Sunday be
tween the different juveniles who en
deavor to win prizes.
D. J. Miller and A. J. Jackson, both of
the T. M. C. A., have not met as yet, but
they expect to do so in a 100-yard dash be
! fore long. The programme for to-mor
i row is:
50-yard dash, novice— H. Dodge, E. Klpp, O.
Freeth H. Hlller, D. Mackel, B. Berry, K.
White.'
Diving from platform, juvenile — M. L. Green.
J. Benuen, P. Levy, H. Webber, A. Best. W.
Dawßott. E. turn Suden, N. Bensen, H. Dough
erty, J Bevtns, E>. Mackel.
00- yard tub race for boys Ctwo In a tub) —
G. Freeth, R. Dodgo, R. White, D. Mackel, J.
Cevlns, A. Anderson, B. Berry.
Obstacle race through the email tanks— J.
Bevins, W. Dawsett, E. turn Ruden. P. Levy,
A. Beat, N. Bensen. H. Dougherty. H. Web
ber, J. Bensen, M. L. Green, D. Mackel.
Trick and fancy springboard diving — N. Ben
sen. O. Schulte, A. J. Baker. R. B. Cornell.
Trapeze and high diving— Fred Green, O.
Schulte, R. B. Cornell. A. J. Baker.
THE SA]* FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
CALIFORNIA— Positions. Weight.
CORNISH Center «*
G. ATHERN Right guard I'j2
GREISBERO Loft guard m 184
PRINGLE Right tackle ISO
WHIPPLE Left tackle 163
WOMBLE Right end 15S
CRAIG Left end 158
THANE. Quarter '. • I*s
SMITH .-Right half 162
HALL Left half 173
KAARSEERQ Fullback 160
Total  *■»**
kvera*re 167 9-11
the most prominent of which is the fact
that there is great doubt as to the out
come of the game. Last season there was
no fraction of doubt as to the result s,o
far as victory to one side and defeat lor
the other was concerned. It was a fore
gone conclusion that the cardinal would
triumph, the only question being the mag
nitude of the score. Hut now we have the
element of chance in the forecast. The
blue and gold and the cardinal are on a
level, although at the time of this writing
California occupies a position a bit more
elevated than her adversary.
For seven years have the two big col
leges of California met face to face on the
gridiron arena, and four scalps hang from
the Stanford belt. The other three games
were ties. Twice has Stanford won the
honors of the day by big scores and twice
by a single touchdown. The encounter of
Thursday next will be the eighth, and
there is "a strong probability that it will
be the first victory for the blue and gold
on the intercollegiate Held of pigskin bat-
A college team always takes a point of
view directly opposite to that of the pugi
list on the eve of baltle. The pugilist sees
but one party and that is himself. What
ever happen*, he ie convinced that vic
tory, with her smiling front, was made at
his express orvi;-r and its sole purpose is to
perch upon his brow. Not so the captain
of a college football team. He hopes for
victory, he fears his opponent, and sim
ply says that hi* men will do their best,
at all times paying the greatest respect
for the opposing tram. And that is why-
Captain Hall of California and Captain
fisher of Stanford are sincerely reticent
about the big game on Thursday. Coach
Cross will cay that California has a splen
did team, snappy, fast, well-drilled and
capable of displaying a strong front.
Coach Cochran declares that the Stanford
eleven will be worthy of the steel when it
Jumps onto the field and that It is to be
wholesomely feared. To this the Califor
nia coach adds; "The score will not be
2S — 0, however." Cochran thinks the score
will not be a large one; he forecasts it as
two touchdowns to the other side's one.
Ho will not say which side will have the
two, but from his manner of speech and
the twinkle in his eye the blue and gold
colors flashing through his brain were as
sociated with the number two.
For the first time in many years Cali
fornia has traversed a road that was not
altogether black and shadowy. The
ragged, unsystematized and uncertain
methods that were pursued with consis
tent regularity have givtn way to order
and certainty. Cochran began his work
on men who were of the most mediocre
talent. He has at least made a team of
them. They have played together pretty
much all season and their unified work
shows for it. Though the team has not
been authoritatively announced, it will
be the same that played in the- game
against the Olympics last Saturday. At
Stanford Cross has gone through gigan
tic labors in his endeavor to form a team
and has been handlcappeu a number of
times by accidents to thf men, preventing
their practice. The result is that he has
not been able to give the men that neces
sary team exercise which is the all in a
football eleven. He was obliged to de
DOGS ENTERED FOR
THE FIELD TRIALS
The first bench show to ba held under
the ruk-9 and auspices of the newly born
Pacific Kennel League will be inaugurat
ed in Oakland on the Bth of next month
and will last three days. It will be a nov
elty in more than one respect, inasmuch
as it will be a show of collies and cocker
spaniels only, and the Pacific Coast has
never yet witnessed a specialty show. The
California Collie Club 1b the enterprising
organization that thus acts as pioneer In
a double capacity, and its courage merits
success. Norman J. Stewart of Aromas
Is the secretary of the show, and it goes
without saying that the management will
leave nothing to be desired.
The proprietors of the Verona kennels
have decided not to exhibit their collies,
as the awards will not command other
than local recognition and the same
reason actuates H. H. Carlton. who will
not place his cockers on the bench under
other than American Kennel Club rules.
The following entries for the Derby
have paid the second forfeit:
English setters— ll. W. Kellar's bitch
Juanita X, by Vallente-ex-Rowena; Cali
fornia kennel's bitch Consuelo, by Vali
ente-ex-Rowena: A. J. Harrell's dog Don
Juan, by Vallente-ex-Rowena; J. A.
Graves' dog Don Elipha. by Valiente-ex-
Betsy Mark; A. Decourtieux Jr.'s dog Spot
Cash, by Tray Spot-ex-Hazel C; F. W.
Emery's dog Merry Xmas, by Valiente
ex-Rowena; Webster Jones' dog. Purcell
J by Dash Antonio-ex-Patty B; Webster
Jones' bitch Miriam J, by Dash Antonio
ex-Patty B; J. H. Schumacher's bitch
Dolores, by Valiente-ex-Rowena; G.
Hauervar's dog Ronver, by Vallente-ex-
Lady Stamboul; W. Kerchoff's dog Ad
miral Dewey, by Vallente-ex-Betsy Mark;
W Kerchoff's dog Caliente, by Valiente
ex-Betsy Mark; H. G. Edwards' dog
Merry Prince, by Merry Monarch-ex-
Countess Rose; R. M. Dodge'H dog Glad
Star, by Starlight-ex-Sweet Gladys; J.
Desmond's bitch Reina Vie, by Valiente
ex-Betsy Mark; H. W. Lester s dog Don
Rlcardo", by Valente-ex-Rowena; R. K.
Gardener's dog Val Mark, by Valiente-ex-
Peach Mark; H. Betten's dog Verona
California, by Count Gladstone IV-ex-
Daisy Craft; R. K. Gardner's bitch
Peach's Nugget, by Valiente-ex-Peach
Mark; Albert Betz* bitch Merry Heart,
by Merry Monarch-ex-Sweetheart's Last.
Pointers— Miramonte kennel's dog Ash
bury, by Buldy-ex-Beulah; J. E. Lucas'
bitch Queen High, breeding unknown.
Colonel Arthur Merriman of Memphis,
Term., has accepted the Invitation or the
Pacific Coast Field Trials Association to
act as Judge at the forthcoming trials.
General satisfaction is expressed by the
fanciers at the eminently fitting choice
of Judge.
J. P. Norman of Belmont has been
elected secretary-treasurer of the Pacific
Coast committee of the A. K. C, of which
John E. de Ruyter is chairman. The
committee met last Thursday for the pur
pose of organization.
Mr. Graves has had the misfortune to
lose by death his promising young setter
dog Don Elipha, by Valiente-Betsy Mark,
after paying his second forfujt for the
Derby. Mr. Graves expected great things
from the youngster, and will have the
sympathy of the English setter fraternity
in his loss.
J. V. Geary of San Mateo, the popular
treasurer of the Pacific Mastiff Club, is
working hard to get his handsome mastiff
bitch Juno out of the clutches of a bad
case of Intestinal Inflammation. Signs of
improvement are at hand, and Mr. Geary
entertains sanguine hopes of hia favorite's
recovery.
The purchaser of the prize-winning Bos
ton terrier dog, now on its way here, has
already one stud service bespoken, and it
Is to be presumed that H. H. Carlton'B
superb little bitch Bessie will be well
served.
PITCHER DARLIN
IS A WISE MAN
Pitcher Donlln, from all accounts, is the
possessor of a "great, big, swelled head."
So comes the report from Watsonville and
various other quarters, and, judging from
his behavior, it is not hard to believe that
there is some truth in the assertion.
Donlin was a king while in "Watsonvllle.
The people and management were unrea
velop a center— in fact, an entire line,
with the exception of the ends. Then
from time to time his backs were not in
the physical condition to line up with the
team. All this was in the nature of a.
serious handicap, and this it is which
caused the slump at Palo Alto. The idea
of retrogradation at Palo Alto is akin to
the wooden horse trick of mythology. Ij
there is one thing at which the Stanford
team is successful it is recuperation. That
faculty is possessed by the cardinal to
such a marked degree that it really ap
proaches a resurrection. When the car
dinal returns from the six days' sojourn
at Congress Springs It Is a 100 to 1 shot
that the team will be in fine fettle and
with enough team play to Impress the
Californians that time was not neglected
at the Santa Clara County institution.
During the past week the spirit at both
colleges has been running high. The men
have been out for the nardest kind of
practice and improved conditions have
been noted at both places. On the Cali
fornia gridiron the second eleven has
been fortified by some old hands—Sher
man, Plunkett, Cochran and Cadwalla
der. Cochran and Cadwallader played on
Monday and Tuesday nights against the
Varsity. They ripped things up generally,
but none more so than themselves. Coch
ran was forced to retire on Wednesday,
prevented from further participation in
the practice by a badly sprained thumb.
The pace was too hot for the forty super
fluous pounds of fat on Cadwallader, and
he took a rest to recover his wind. Sher
man and Plunkett. the giant of '9<5, stood
with It and they continued as an integral
part of the "scrub" team during the
rest of the week. The revival of spirit at
Palo Alto shows the team in a much bet
ter mental condition. There, too, the
graduate players have returned and were
out playing against and coaching the
Varsity. Large crowds have gathered
every night on the stands along the side
lines and made the quiet and peaceful at
mosphere of the college (eel a.s if it were
being subjected to a supernatural churn
ing. There is no doubt in the world that
Palo Alto has worked harder this last
week than ever before. In former years
the desideratum at the close of the sea
son was solely good physical condition.
This year it is that combined with team
power.
Owing to the injuries received from time
to time during the season the Stanford
eleven has not solidified into a coherent
mass. Even at this late day there is
some doubt as to who will play behind
the line. The rushers are pretty much in
the nature of fixtures, as far as positions
are concerned. The center will be com
posed of Biglow, with James and Blanch
ard on either side. Gilman, who is a candi
date for center rush, and Is now lining up
with the "scrub" eleven, may find himself
in the 'varsity on Thanksgiving day, but
the chances are against him. It is pretty
certain that James will play right guard
and Blanchard left guard, although
James is, at the time of ihls writing, suf
fering from what Palo Alto men call ma
laria. He was pent up to Congress
Springs ahead of the team to take the
waters for its eradication.
There is no doubt as to the tackles. Wil
son will be in the middle of the right
fide of the line and Rusk in the left.
They have been the choice tackles since
the beginning of the football season, and
they have earnestly worked for their
p'.aces on the 'varsity. The ends will in
all probability be Smith on the left ex
tremity and Parker on the right. Parker
is one of the malaria brigade, but one
would not imagine it from his playing.
Smith is still waiting for the parental
sancton to his playing, and he is confi
dent that his father will at the last mo
ment concede his heartfelt desires.
Back of the line Murphy will play quar
ter, and from ail indications he will play
it with that brilliance which has charac
terized his performances in the past. He
is a man with a head, speed and experi
ence, not to mention his punting and
dodging ability. Murphy has practically
captained the team on the field for the
last three years. He is cool, reliable and
crafty, the" man for the position. As far
as the halfbacks are concerned a marked
sonable in their praise of him, and noth
ing in the town was too good. This was
during- that period when Dunlin paid more
attention to his position than to outside
pleasures. But "success is intoxicating."
so I have heard, and exceptions to the
rule are few. Donlln, unable to live
through the adulation of his admirers and
the success which attended his every at
tempt in the pitchers box, became in
flated with the idea that he could run the
town of Watsonville. and do as he pleased
In a baseball way. Now the people of that
little town are a quiet set. and the man
agement of the team, being of the same
place, are naturally possessed of a like
disposition. However, there is a limit
even with the quiet folks., Donlin, while
a good pitcher, was simply going too far.
On the field he wished to run everything.
If a player was unfortunate enough to
make an" error, which every player must
do occasionally, be he a star or not, I am
told that he would almost chew his head
off thc-n and there. In the town at night,
when every one was sleeping, Donlin would
cut loose. He was the "star player," and
who would dare reprimand him? For a
while he did have full BWay, but one
sunny morn, not many days past, the
neat Donlln wa« released. Had such a
thing been thought of a month or so be
fore, a riot might have ensued. But the
once "great Donlln" has swelled, so the
story goes, to such an extent that even
his most ardent admirers in the town of
"quiet" have repulsed him.
Being released for possessing a "swelled
head" is rather unique, but such was the
principal fault found with Donlin. Prum
Watsonville he wandered to Santa Cruz,
but bas^balldom, and particularly that
portion of it known as Watsonville. m;iy
rest assured that the "swelled head" will
never trouble him again. This is so
because he is playing wifh a club which,
is most evenly balanced in all its depart
ments, and where one player la as good
as another. Donlin will have to work
mightly hard to hold his end up. It will
not be a case of one man being the supe
rior, and laying away over all oth
ers, but rather one where each player is
a good man and where each of these men
is as good as the other. So far Donlin
is very quiet and doing well. If this
"swelled head" proposition is not chronic
with him, something may be made of the
boy. I nope at any rate he nossesses suf
ficient reason to realize the situation.
To-day the Gilt Edges will play the San
Francis'cos at Recreation Park. As the
season is nearlng an end it would be well
for the fans to be on hand to-day and
see the leaders perform.
The line-up follows:
Sacramento. Positions. San Francisco.
Barney Pitcher Iberg
Stanley Catcher Hammond
Shanahan First base Murphy
Mcllale Second base.- Smith
Peoples Th lrd base Brock huff
Lockhead Shortstop Krug
Borland Left fleld Croll
Walker Center fleld Dunleavy
Doyle Right fleld Stroecker
JOE CORBETT.
BEN SAYLOR PLAYS
LIVELY BILLIARDS
The name of Ben Saylor, formerly the
champion billiardist of this coast, Is fa
miliar to every lover of the game. Ben
is now playing high-toned billiards in
Chicago, judging from the following let
ter to The Call, which reads:
Billiard business In Chicago took a grand
fliurt the past week, the halls all over the city
w> ix- crowded and the roomkeepers were cor
respondingly "Jollied."
The experts at Green's put In a Very busy
week and come fast billiards were played.
Splnks has developed a great taste to play win
ning Mlllards at IS-inch bulk line and won the
majority of games, of that style, played with
Button The lattur conceded odds of 20 or 28
In 100 points, but was invariably beaten at
evens Catton showed excellent form at both
8-cushions and cushion caroma and won the
greater number of his games. Harrison was in
poor form early in the week and suffered ig
nominious defeat at Saylor's hands at 3-cush
lons and the corner game. The surprise of the
season however, is the manner in which Saylor
has mastered the corner game. A steady
player at all times, Ben has mastered the
"angles," and his showing at this style of
game is away above par. Catton wan at one
time considered the greatest player in the
world at this game and last season Billy Splnks
threatened to dethrone him, but this season
Splnks does not play it so well and Saylor is
playing and winning the majority of games
from the Rock Island wonder. Gene Carter la
rounding into form once more and on Saturday
showed great speed at 3-cushlons. "You Know
Me" generally makes good any prophecy he
makee, and In view of this fact I believe that
In a week or so more the 6pan!sh-Franoc-
Anglo-American will be pushing all the ex
perts at cushion caroms and 8-cußhlone.
STANFORD— Positions. Weight.
BIGELOW Center Wo
JAMES Right guard _ 187
BLANCHARD Left guard 200
WILSON Right tackle 172
RUSK Left tackle 16S
PARKER Right end 160
SMITH Left end 160
MURPHY Quarter 148
CLINTON....- Right half 168
DOLE Left half 173
FISHER Fullback 175
Total 1596
Average 172 4-11
uncertainty exists. Dole and Clinton are
the prospective candidates, and will most
likely be found in the game Thursday.
Dole is slated for left and Clinton for
right half. AH this is dependent upon the
condition of Burmeisuer, w r ho has been
the best fullback the college has produced
this season. Burmeister has a bad leg,
and it is not likely that he will play. This
leaves Captain Fisher for full, who, in
the event of Burmeister's return, who
play left half. He has been playing full
back for the last few days. Fisher has
had some little experience in this posi
tion, especially on the offensive. Murphy
will play in the far back field on the de
fensive.
Though the coaches will no.t admit that
the two teams are absolutely determined
as yet, there is hardly a doubt that the
California team will be changed at this
late day. Cornish Is the undeniable cen
ter, and the guards will be Greisberg and
Athern, the former on tho right side of the
line and the latter on the left. Hooper
and Barnes are good strong men for the
guard position, both rivals of Orelsberg,
but it seems now as if the former half
back was the winner. As on the Stan
ford eleven, there is no doubt about the
tackles. Pringle will play right and
Whlpple left tackle for the Blue and Gold.
The ends are likewise picked— Craig left
and Womble right. The quarterback will
be either Hopper or Thane, with the lat
ter about ten chances to the other man's
one, since Hopper's second injury to his
knee. Percy Hall, captain and left half,
"Locomotor" Smith right half and Pete
Kuarsburg full, will complete the quartet
of backs for California.
Stanford has the advantage of Cali
fornia in weight, but to no very great ex
tent. There is about fifty pounds superi
ority in the cardinal team in the matter
of flesh, which is a great deal less than
last year. Yet withal this Stanford will
in all probability adhere to its ingrained
pollcv of the last three seasons, bucking
the line and massed rush play. The car
dinal has a pair of ends that are quick,
active men and it is not at all unlikely
that they will be mn a number of times.
In the practice games this year they were
used repeatedly as running ends and with
good results.
California will trust to fast football,
with more or less dependence upon run
ning plays. Cochran said a few nights
ago that the team would not use any of
the plays which it has not practiced on
the rumpus, as he did not intend to give
the eleven any secret, isolated work. But
it is a very difficult thing for a Prince
ton man of Cochran's caliber, a man who
understands the game in all its phases,
to desist from using a play which la his
own particular Invention. That Cochran
has something up his sleeve is certain,
and that his team will spring it is almost
equally certain. What he relies upon is
i.ara "play. Precision and concentration
are what he counts on to win the game
for the blue and gold.
Man to man there seems to be an equal
ity between the two teams. Judging from
p;i^t performances the California eleven la
the steadier team; that is, taking the car
dinal team as It has played in this city
In the games with the Olympics. Bhould
FAST TIME OVER
A SHORT COURSE
At the recent championship rowing re
gatta held over the Long Bridge course
the times made in all the races were sur
prisingly fast— 7 mln. 30 sec. for the senior
barge, 7 mm. 43V£ sec. for the Intermediate
barge and 7 mm. 45 sec. for the junior
barge. In the first heat of the senior out
rigged skiff and in the second heat of the
junior outrigged skiff only two men came
\o the starting line, so that, both being
certain of their places in the final heat,
no attempt to cover the course In quick
time was made; but the second heat of
the senior skiff was done in 9 mln. 2>^ sec.
and the tlnal heat of the senior skiff in
9 mm. 8 3-5 sec, and the final heat of the
junior skiff In 9 mm. 19 2-5 sec. v'ith re
gard first to the time made by the four
oared barges: The fastest time on record
for the stewards' challenge cup for four
oars at Henley regatta is 7 mm. 37 sec,
and was made by a Brasenose College
(Oxford) crew In 1890. The four oars in
the stewards' cup race are light racing
boats carrying no cockswain, and the
course at Henley from Regatta Island to
the bridge Is one mile and 550 yards,
straightaway and almost free from cur
rent, for on the days of the races the
locks above and below the course are kept
shut. The conditions at Henley are thus
most favorable to fast time. On the
Long Bridge course the ti3e is against the
oarsmen either going or returning; tne
boats lose considerable time in turning,
are clinker-built, comparatively heavy
and carry a cockswain- and yet the senior
barge crew is supposed to have covered a
mile and 880 yards in 7 mm. 30 sea, or
seven seconds faster than fhe record time
at Henley for a course 330 yards shorter.
The fastest time recorded for the Dia
mond sculls at Henley is S mm. 36 sec,
made by the magnificent oarsman Guy
Nickalls; yet the time in which A. \V.
Pape, in a boat of an inferior type, is
supposed to have covered the Henley dis
tance, plus 330 yards, and turned a stake
besides, in 8 mm. 44 sec, which la actually
seven seconds better than 8 mm. 51 sec,
the best Henley time next to Guy Nick
alls' 8 mm. 36 Bee. The obvious and only
Inference from these facts Is that the
Long Bridge course must have been sev
eral hundred yards short of the reported
one and a half miles.
While the barge races at the recent re
gatta were won by the favorites, the skiff
and shell races were disappointing. J.
Klunder of the Pioneers won the junior
shell race against one of his own club
mates, who entered to prevent the race
going by default. F. Dupllssea of the
South Ends, being untrained and out of
practice, was unable to hold hiß own
against Pape or Wittkopf. In the senior
skiff race, Dr. C. C. Dennis was disquali
fied for fouling and A. Webb of the Ala
medas won the junior skiff championship
from Fickert of the Arlels on a foul.
The South Ends have not retained one
out of the five championships won by
them last year, but by entering in four
events, only one of which they had a good
chance of wnnlng, they cleared them
selves of the charge of feeling a luke
warm Interest In the regatta of 1898. The
championships are now scattered. The
Alamedas hold three, the Pioneers two
and the Ariels and Dolphins one each.
Three fouls were claimed during the
races. Two of these— in the senior and
junior skiff races— were allowed, but the
third claim, of the Ariel junior barge
against the Pioneers, was not allowed.
The rowing season of 1898 has been, on
the whole, a very successful one. There
have been regattas at Long Bridge and
El Campo and pleasant outings and good
racing at Astoria and Guerneville. The
clubs have shown a more friendly disposi
tion toward each other than In past times,
and there are Indications of the growth of
more genuine amateur sentiment.
WING WILL MAKE
RECORD TRIALS
John E. Wing the crack racer of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen, contemplates an
attack xipon all the existing track records
tip to fifty miles on the three-lap cement
track at San Jose to-morrow. He will
have a large number of pacing machines
and riders to assist him, which, coupled
with the moral aid lent by the attend
ance and enthusiasm of nis clubmates.
Cardinal, Superior in Weight,
Will Favor Straight
Football
Stanford recover and develop a harmony
of action In the next few days— as it has
always done during the last few hours
before the game— the teams will be pretty
much on the same plane. The flgjit will
then go to the men who play with su
perior Judgment, deliberation and coolness.
One thing noticeable is the splendid way
that California's men have been handled
during the entire season. Under the
hands of Al Lean, the trainer, there have
been very few lapses from practice.
Kaarsberg is still weak from blood poison
ing from which he has not yet recovered.
Captain Forest S. Fisher, Stanford Cnifersitj.
should go a long wav toward securing for
him the coveted marks.
The second game of ball in the Cycle
Clubs' League will be played to-morrow
at the Velodrome at 2 p. m. between the
Bay City Wheelmen and San Francisco
Road Club. _
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the Associated Cycling Clubs will
be held Saturday evening, December 3, at
the Olympic Club.
The Bay City Wheelmen are about to
lose three very popular members — Rooert
C Lennie, Joseph A. Ostendorf and Harry
("Trilby") Fowler— who are going to Los
Angeles in a few days to settle perma
nently Lmnie and Ostendorf are to take j
the Cleveland agency there, and Trliby
will act as general salesman and pieni-
P °Leander ' A. Peckham of the Reliance
Club returned from the East a couple of
days ago. and is at the Palace. Peck
says he has traveled 14.000 miles since the
Ist of August, and he Is glad to be back
home once more, and the club boys are
glad to have him.
A LOOKING-GLASS
FOR DUCK SHOOTING
The sportsmen and the farmers are
praying for a good rainstorm, and if
prayers are of any avail old Jupiter Plu
viub should certainly not overlook the re
quests of those good people.
Those who are of the opinion that the
northern flight of wild ducks has not yet
arrived should take a ride on the cars to
San Pablo or Benlcia and while journey
ing along the shore they will see thou
sands of birds loafing on the bay there
waiting for the coming of the first heavy
downpour. At night the ducks wend their
way to the grain fields and marshes con
tiguous to the bay, where they feed and
quack until the first streaks of light ap
pear in the eastern horizon, which is the
signal for a quick move to the open wa-
Speaking of duck shooting, Charley Carr
of Monterey, who has hunted wild ducks
for the past forty years, was relating
Some of the experiences of his younger
days in Illinois a few evenings ago to a
coterie of friends who had congregated at
the Black Jack Club's headquarters on
Sutter street. „ tM 
••Now don't you know, boys, said smil
ing Charley, "that if I wanted ducks very
badly 1 could rig up a contrivance novel
to the sportsmen of this coast, but which
has proved fearfully destructive to the
wild ducks of Illinois." „ ». *lt
"For the lans sake, tell us all about it,
Charley, dear," pleaded James Josh Alark
"Well, boys," continued the champion
trap ehooter of Monterey, "when 1 was a
wild lad, full of duck fever, I made many
trips with the men who shot for market,
and naturally I learned a trick or two
about the game of wild duck bagging. la
the open waters on which the hunters
lived during the shooting season in BOacfea
game was fairly plentiful, but surprising
"Hunters resorted to all manner of de
vices for their capture, but the greatest
batrs were made by those who had an im
mense looking-glass which was attacked
by a contrivance to the prow of the hunt
ing boat and which almo3t completely
shut from view of the basking birds the
skiff which the hunter noiselessly sculled
in the direction of the unsuspecting flock.
The ducks, poor things, imagined, of
course when they saw their reflection in
the glass that they were being visited by
a friendly band, and I can well remember
even to this day how the live ones talked
to their pictured friends in the looking
glass as the skiff drew within close range;
then the hunter rose from his cramped po
sition and generally emptied four barrels
into the flock before the birds got out of
range. I have s«en as many as seventy
five and one hundred ducks dead and dy
ing on the water after the black smoke
had cleared away."
Secretary Markland of the B. J. C. was
taken suddenly sick after Mr. Carr had
finished his narrative, but according to
latest advices Mr. Markland is rapidly
convalescing.
Three members of the Black Jacks bag
ged eighty-three ducks and eight gray
geese on their preserve at Sherman Island
last Sunday.
Clarence Haight returned from Byron
last Monday night with four dozen snipe.
Dr. Ayres and F. Maynard had a few
dozen ducks. Charley Cate is bowling
over mallard ducks on his "private" pre
serves near Alviso.
Duck shooting in the Sonoma marshes
is improving. A good wind storm w jji
bring about great sport.
and Jimmy Hopper has a very sore knee;
that Is the sum total of serious: Injuries
McLeod of Stanford has also labored like
a Trojan but he has had to combat witfi
what the Palo Alto sufferers curse under
the name of malaria.
When the athletic show is over, one
side delirious with joy, the other ma
skin of sorrow, or in the case of * tie
neither side happy or full of grief, the
collegians will take themselves to their
specially arranged theatrical entertain
ments. And then— Joy first, sorrow on the
morning.
TENNIS GAMES AT
THE CLUB COURTS
Intercollegiate football is Just now ab
sorbing bo large an amount of public in
terest that the lawn tennis players have
hardly yet settled down to work in real
earnest. But when Thanksgiving day
shall have passed, Interest in the long
haired footballers will suddenly cease, and
the asphalt courts will be crowded with
enthusiastic players. This afternoon an
impromptu round-robin tournament,
men's doubles, will be held at the courts
of the California Lawn Tennis Club. Play
will begin at 2:30 and the players who
have scored most victories when darkness
falls will be the winners. The following
teams will take part: R. N. Whitney and
George S. Bradshaw; Grant Smith and
George F. Whitney; R. J. Davis and J.
Hooper; A. Carrigan and Duval Moore;
W. H. Yale and R. J. Buchly; A. J. Buck
ley and W. Landry-
On Thanksgiving day there will be no
lawn tennis on the courts on Bush street
but early next month It Is proposed to'
hold a day of exhibition games between
the best players on the coast, such as the
Whitney brothers and the Hardy broth
ers. Miss Alice Hoffman, the strongest
lady player of the California Lawn Ten
nis Club, has gone to Honolulu, where she
will find several good players, among
them Miss Juliette King, who was visit
ing in San Francisco some little time ago.
Read About Dreyfus on Devils Twined
In next Sunday's Call.
. .. — — , . ( a ,
ADVERTISEMENTS,.
\ *m L 9
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or*
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
BUPTIJREcured by his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VARICOCELE, hydro-
cele, swelling and tenderness of the
glands treated with unfailing success.
Contagious blood poison in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system, l^udies will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book. "Guide
to Health." free of ; charge. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market
street. San Francisco. CaL
IMLESIDE CODRSINS PARK.
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
MERCED CONSOLATION
STAKE and
OPEN STAKE!
* ; Entrance $2.50.
November 24-OPEN STAKE. Entrance. $5.
November 26 and 27— NON-WINNERS' STANCE
> . . AND SAPLING > STAKE. ,
Take a Mission st. car and it will land you
at .the gates.
ADMISSION Kc...... ;.."...•;■..;. .LAD1ES FBEH"GAMBLING IS
SO VERY WRONG,"
SAYS DELANY
He Begins a Moral
Crusade.
ADDRESSES THE SUPERVISORS
DEMANDS AN ERA OE MORAL
PtnilTY.
Will Tolerate No Gaming in the City
Except With the Nickel
in-the-Slot Ma
chines.
Somebody say* Captain I>elany has been
pluying poker again. Moreover, they
claim he lost. He that as it may, the cap
tain, in his Supervisorial capacity, has
determined t .at games of chance with the
dice and cards shall cease in San Fran
cisco forever and a day, if he can com
pass the result. As for games of chance
with nlriel-ln-the-slot machines, why,
those ■will pass muster. Inasmuch as the
owners of the machines are really good
fellows, who will put up cigars when they
meet a Supervisor on the street.
Feeling in this way the captain recently
introduced an order in the Board of Su
pervisors making it a misdemeanor to
gamble with cards and dice, roulette
wheels, or any old thing, except nickel-in
he-slot machines. This order was refer
red to the Committee on Health and Po
lice, of which the captain is a member,
and yesterday it was up for consideration.
The eloquence of Delany on this occasion
was of an unusually high order. He talked
like a Methodist exhorter on the evils of
gambling In a. great city. "Gentlemen,
said the Supervisor, "it won t do to let
the San Francisco public go on in the old
way, accepting gold bricks from tin-norn
gamblers and Sacramento card sharps.
Cards are dangerous things. I've been
there and I know. Dice will rob the poor
man of his last cent, if he don t under
stand how to throw them when loaded.
All gambling machines are an invention of
the devil, that arch enemy of the human
race.
"No I must except the nickel-in-the-slot
machine. That is a thing of beauty and a
joy altogether. You put in your nickel
and you draw out a dime. Fancy the poor
man, with one nickel in his. pocket, going
into a saloon to buy a glass of beer and to
nibble at the free lunch. Henceforth he
will enter a saloon for a different purpose.
He will take his nickel and drop it in the
slot. Out will come two nickels, and he
will go on his way rejoicing down Kearny
street, where they sell a good 10-cent meal
for a dime. I'm in favor of the slot ma
c nines."
The logic was irresistible and the com
mittee with promptness and dispatch ap
proved of the anti-gambling order as pre
pared by the captain and ordered a favor
able report to the Board of Supervisors
next Monday.
Now it is expected that a few suspicious
people will be heard making remarks to
the effect that somebody has put up a
good round sum of money to drive all
gamblers into patronizing the nickel-in
the-slot machines, but it is that way with
every reform.
. ♦ »
The Hardtmuth pencil is the best in the
world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
California Press Association.
The annual convention of the California
elation was held last evening
b of the San Francisco Press
Club on Ellis street. The address of wel
red by L. G. Carpenter.
the club, and was responded
J. G. Daniells of the State associa
■
The other speakers were General N. P.
who spoke upon the subject,
WILL ASSIST THE
DISTRICT ATTORNEY
M. B. Woodworth and E. J. Banning
Appointed to Mr. Foote's
Office.
Attorney-General Griges tele
graphed to United States Attor
ney Foote yesterday notifying
him that the appointments of
Marshall B. Woodworth and Ed
v.ard J. Banning as Assistant
United States Attorneys had been
mailed, and would reach him in
a few days. The appointments
are to fill the vacancies caused by
the resignations of Samuel Knierht
and Bert Schlesinger. Mr.
Knight's resignation went into
effect on October 1, and that of
Mr. Schlesinger will take effect
November 30. . All the work of the
office since Mr. Knight's retire
ment has been placed on the
Bhouldei- of General Foote and
Mr. Schlesinger. Mr. Schlesinger
wired to the Attorney-General
eral last Thursday that it would
be impossible for him to remain
in the position' longer than -No
vember 30, and he urged the At
torney-General to make his appointments before that date.
Messrs. Woodworth end Banning are young men of sterling
character, and for that reason
their appointment is commended
on all sides. Mr. Woodworth was
WILL DELIGHT THE MUSIC LOVERS.
Faroous Grand Opera Singers WI3O Will Be hjeard at trje Baldwin.
THROUGH the efforts of Messrs.
Gottlob. Marx & Co. lovers of
grand opera will have an oppor
tunltv of hearing their favorites ren
dered" by world-famed American artists
at the Baldwin next month.
i will begin on December 5
and as it will be the only grand opera
engagement of the year the manage
ment 1b bent on making it a success.
otine de Vere and the Interna
tional Grand Opera Company have
been secured and will appear in a rep
ertoire of over fifteen operas.
This organization Is achieving the
"What Can Be Done to Promote the
Growth of the State?" Marsden Man
son added to the same subject. gi\ing
al<*o his observations upon his recent trip
to Russia" W. U. Hnmmon, the repre
sentative head of the weather bureau of
the State, gave a brief and interesting dis
cussion on "The climatic conditions and
rainfall of the State and the influence
the Japan current exerts over the gen
eral climate of tho State." ,„
The visiting editors and their families
will make a tour of the city to-day m
company with a committee appointed by
the local board of directors. Before the
convention adjourns it is the purpose of
the members of the Press Club to show
all the prevailing features and advantages
San Francisco has over the other cities of
the State to the delegates.
Southern Pacific Officials Go North.
George Crocker and J. Kruttschnitt
went north by special train night before
last. Mr. Crocker, C. E. Green and F. S.
Doty will make an examination of a Car
bon Hill coal mine in Washington, after
■which Mr Crocker will return to Portland
and join Mr. Knittschnltt in an inspection
of the Southern Pacific Company's lines in
Oregon.
Delayed Freight.
J. A. Flllmcre, manager of the Southern
Pacific Company, announces that all the
west-bound freight delayed by the fire in
tunnel 13 will be in by Monday evening.
The east-bound traffic will be straightened
out by to-morrow morning.
Rabbi Myers' Discourse.
At the Congregation Ohabai Shalome,
Rabbi 1. Mvers will take for his subject,
this morning. "A Few Questions Asked
of the Jewish Wives and Mothers."
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
secretary for United States Cir-
cuit Judge Hoffman, and has been
secretary for United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow for nearly
twelve years. He is recognized
as an authority on Federal law,
and is a regular correspondent of
the American Law Journal.
Mr. Eannlng is a native of
California and Is 27 years old. He
graduated from St. Ignatius Col
lege .n this city and afterward
from the Hastings Law College.
Up to three years ago he vrus as
sociated with the law firm of
Henley & Costello, and since that
time he has been practicing on his
own account.
Mr. Woodworth will take the
place vacated by Mr. Knight, the
salary of which is $2500 per year.
Mr. Banning will take Mr. Schles
inger's *place, the salary being
$2000 per year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
most noteworthy success all over the
Union and its fame has gone across
the seas. Clementine de Vere is prac
tically an American singer and has
held her own with the great artists of
the world and against all odds and
comers has achieved first place. While
singing at the Metropolitan Or>era
house in New York last year her suc
cess was simply wonderful.
Aside from Clementine de Vere, there
are other artists in the company who
will both please and surprise. Mme.
Selma Kronold is a dramatic soprano
of whom the country may well be
ATTEMPT TO POISON
A VALUABLE CANINE
CHARLES NEWMAN'S GOLDEN
LION THE VICTIM.
Several Animals Have Been Killed in
the Vicinity and There Is a
Suspicion as to Who the
Guilty Party Is.
An unknown miscreant made an at
tempt yesterday morning to poison
"Golden Lion," the valuable St. Bernard
dog owned by Charles Newman. The
condition of the dog was discovered in
time and the prompt use of emetics saved
his life.
When Mr. Newman left his home at 424
Post street, yesterday morning. Lion was
to all appearances in good health. About
10 o'clock Mrs. Newman discovered he
was in great pain and immediately noti
fied her husband, who returned to the
house to find the dog in convulsions.
Emetics were administered, and after sev
eral hours' work Lion was pronounced out
of danger.
During the past few weeks a number
of dogs and cats have been poisoned in
the vicinity of Mr. Newman's home, but
why any one should wish to kill Lion
the owner is at a loss to explain. Tho
dog is of a very gentle disposition and
so well trained that he has never been
known to bother even the children who
play with him.
Golden Lion is well bred, has a num
ber of tricks and has a record of five feet
seven and a quarter inches for a high
jump. Mr. Newman values the animal
at $1000. He has a suspicion as to who
the person is who attempted to poison
his pet and promises the fellow an inter
esting time if he can prove his guilt.
BENEFIT FOR COMPANY A.
The Minstrel Show Given at Native
Sons' Hall Proves a Success.
The second grand minstrel performance
given last evening at Native Sons' Hall in
aid of Company A of the League of the
Cross Cadets proved a perfect success,
both artistically and financially. The hall
was crowded to its utmost capacity with
enthusiastic people from all sections of
the city, who showed their appreciation
of the entertainment afforded in liberal
and excessive applause. The programme
as rendered is as follows:
Selection, "Serenade," League of the Cross
Cadets Orchestra; grand overture. Occidental
Minstrels; entrance of merry Jesters, "With
out Him What's the Band": baton revolutions,
Frank Pool; opening chorus, by the company,
"Oh Hall Us, Ye Free"; "My Dream of You,"
Daniel C. Deasy; Zizzy Zee Zum Zura," Edw.
F. Moore; "She Was Bred in Old Kentucky."
Robert G. Drady; "Break the News to Mother,"
John T. Long; "The Ra>r-Time Dance," Denis
C. Sheerin; "I've Been Faithful to You," Harry
S. Colman; "Darktown Is Out To-night, " Wal
ter D. Young; "I Love You In the Same Old
Way," Philip .T. Eisenmann; "My Hoodoo
Honey," Occidental Quartet; "Honey, You's
My Lady Love," Master Arnold Grazer; "He
Fought for the Cause He Thought Was Right."
Frank C. Walsh; "Honey, You's Too Good to
Lose," Jack Egan; "In the Shadow of the
Pines," Will Moore; medley, by the company;
"My Gal's Done Wrong," Ralph Raymond;
"Brown October Ale," George C. P. Hay
•srards; song, selected, Dr. J. P. McCarthy;
"Good-by, Sweet Day," J. Pautista Boronda;
finale, "Stars and Stripe*" Forever"; tableau.
French Boys Will Entertain.
Under the auspices of the Sodality of
St. Aloysius an interesting and enjoyable
entertainment will be given in the base
ment of the French church on Bush
street next Sunday afternoon. Prepara
tions In anticipation of the event have al
ready been completed. A well arranged
programme of both literary and murical
selections will be rendered by the mem
bers of the sodality and will constitute
the main and principal feature of the
entire entertainment.
Owing to the talent of those who will
make the affair a success, a large audi
ence Is expected to be present, more
through curiosity than any other reason,
to see what French boys can do in the
way of presenting to the public a pro
gramme of interest as well as enjoyment.
The committee of arrangements consists
of Rene Dumontelle, Patrick Donahue and
Camllle Lahanier. The instrumental
music will be furnished by the sodality
orchestra, the members of which will ren
der many individual selections on differ-
ent Instruments.
The entertainment will commence
promptly at 3 o'clock. Tickets can be se
cured by those desirous of attending at the
home of the clergy Immediately adioining
the church, on Bush street, or at the box
office at the entrance to the hall.
Ellis-Street Car Line Extension.
The Market Street Railroad Company
contemplates extending its Ellis street
line to the Affiliated Colleges and the
proposed Sutro Library. To accomplish
this change the Stanyan street line will
be continued from Frederick along Stan
yan street to Parnassus avenue, along the
latter to J street and Fourth avenue.
Other important street railroad changes
and extensions are under consideration.
The next stretch of roadway to be con
verted from steam to an electric line is
that running from Central avenue along
California street through the Richmond
district. This line will be changed as
soon as the San Bruno road la finished in
the early spring.
Poison Theory Groundless.
Investigation into the death of Patrick
Brannan, a blacksmith, which occurred
at his home, 4 Cedar avenue, on Wednes
day, was commenced yesterday. It was
conceded that the wife's suspicion that
he had been poisoned by a prescription
compounded at Smith's drugstore waa
absolutely groundless. Brannan was well
along in years, having passed seventy-one
of them within this mortal coll, and lost
vitality Is thought to have- be#n the cause
of his death.
proud. Last season she sung in Ger
many, and was proclaimed by all tha
critics to be the best prima donna that
America ever sent there. Miss Nedda
Norisson, an English girl who made
her appearance in America last year
at the "swell" Waldorf-Astoria enter
tainments, is also one of the prima
donnas of the International Grand
Opera Company. Her beautiful voice,
of which the critics and the public
never seem to tire, will cause comment.
Among the tenors is the young Ital
ian artist, Signor Collenz, who was the
favorite artist in Naples and Milan last
year.
A GREAT MINING
BUREAU PLANNED
MINING MEN PROPOSE A
PRACTICAL ONE.
The Miners' Association May Revo
lutionize Itself and Enlarge Its
Scope and Purposes.
A new and striking project will be
brought before the annual convention of
the California Miners' Association, which
will begin a three days 1 session in Native
Sons' Hall on Monday. It is proposed to
enlarge greatly the scope, purposes and
membership of the association, and if the
idea is carried out the mining Industry
should receive a great uplift in the State.
The proposition is to make the associa
tion a permanent and active force which
shall constantly and in all possible ways
foster not only gold mining, but every
form of the industry in the State. To this
end it is proposed that permanent head
quarters be established, and that the
secretary shall be the active executive
force, giving all his time to the work at
a good salary and possibly with the aid
of assistants. He shall be a practical
and energetic mining man, shall hustle
about the State and direct a bureau in
tended to advertise the mineral resources
of the State, supply general information
to prospectors,, miners and investors and
aid the industry in every way open. The
work would somewhat resemble that of
the State Board of Trade, and might In
clude a badly needed permanent mining
exhibit here. It would also be prac
tical and not scientific merely, and in this
and in the projection of a real initial
force into this great industry it would
supplement what is done by the State
Mining Bureau. It is being urged by the
Mining and Scientific Press and leading
men interested in the industry.
It is announced that Lieutenant Gov
ernor Neff will positively retire from the
presidency which has been forced on him
ever since its organization six years ago,
and a lively contest for the office has
started between W. C. Ralston and Secre
tary Julian Sonntag. E. H. Benjamin of
Alameda and Robert M. Turner, late of
Nevada Counts', are rival candidates for
the secretaryship. A large attendance is
assured and a number of mattters of
great Importance will be dealt with.
A VICTORY FOR SPORTSMLEN.
Corea's Heavy Fine Upheld by Three
Superior Judges.
The Fish and Game Commissioners of
this State consider they have wen a grand
victory over the violators of the game
laws of California. Yesterday Superior
Judges Cook, Wallace and Borden up
held the decision of Police Judge Conlan
in the case of J. F. Corea. In August
last, during the closed season for ducks,
Corea was found to have a lot of these
wild fowls for sale In his stalls in the
Washington-street market. The deputies
of the commission arrested him, and on
the 20th of that month he was taken be
fore Judge Conlan, found guilty and fined
$100. This was the heaviest fine ever im
posed in this State for the violation of
the game laws.
Corea and several of his fellow-dealers
decided to make a fight against the law,
and contended that the fine was exces
sive. The attorney for the commission
argued that it is just such men as the de
fendant who do more to encourage the
violation of the law than any others.
The argument that if the commission
merchants and dealers did not encourage
the market hunters to kill game out of
season by buying their product the law
would be violated much less had great
weight with the Superior Judges who up
held the judgment of Police Judge Conlan.
The case has been watched with great in
terest by the sportsmen and market
hunters, too, for that matter.
THE BEPORT SOLD.
It Is Now Controlled by E. W. Scrlpps
and Paul H. Blades.
A deal has just been consummated
whereby E. W. Scripps, president of the
Scripps-Mcßae Newspaper League, and
Paul EL Blades have secured a controlling
interest in the Daily Report of this city.
Messrs. Scripps and Blades are old news
paper men and have interests in some of
the best known evening papers of the
country- At present Mr. Scripps is living
on his ranch at San Diego, and Mr. Blades
has been connected with the JLos Angeles
Record. Mr. Blades will take direct con
trol of the paper. The general policy will
be about the same and no important
changes will be made on the local staff.
The amount paid for the paper has not
been announced, but it is understood that
1500 of the 2000 shares were purchased by
Scripps and Blades for $45,000. Mr. Bunker
will retain his connection with the paper
for the present, at least.
A New Corporation.
Articles of incorporation were filed yes
terday by C. W. Kohlsaat, S. H. Fried
lander, J. L. Phelps, Thomas E. Ryan and
Samuel Samter for the exhibition of the
mutoscope on the Pacific Coast, and for
the purpose of conducting various amuse
ment enterprises. The capital stock is
$1,000,000. The mutoscope is the wonder
ful miniature biograph that has been
creating a great sensation here and
abroad, the original owners of which have
already amass«d a fortune.
Activity of Vesuvius.
Much anxiety has b«en caused In Naples by
the renewed activity of Mount Vesuvius. As
overwhelming danger of this description pro
duce* universal terror. As a matter of fact
there Is little likelihood that Mount Vesuvius
will do any serious damage. On the other
hand, thousands die dally from stomach and
digestive disorders, who might have survived
bad th«y resorted to Hoatetter's Stomach Bit
tar*. It ta the greatest of known tonics for
stomach and digestive organs. It cures kid
ney, liver and blood disorders.
WEBSTER WILL
NOT SIGN THE
DEMANDS
Trouble Ahead for the
School Board.
HOLDS UP MANY BILLS
AWAITS MAITDAMXTS SUITS BY
CREDITORS.
This Action Will Bring the Courts
Into Play to Investigate
the Alleged School
Swindles.
There is more trouble ahead for the
Board of Education. Superintendent of
Schools Webster has decided to refuse to
si{, m the batch of bills, aggregating about
$50,000, recently allowed by the Board of
Education, excepting only a few bills for
coal. He will likewise decline to sign the
large number of unpaid bills which are
pigeonholed in the office of Secretary
Welch of the School Board, and which
have not yet been presented to the board
by the finance committee.
The Superintendent spoke very decided
ly upon this subject to a representative of
The Call yesterday. Said he: "The
School Board has more than reached the
limit of its indebtedness, as nearly as I
can figure it, and I will refuse to affix
my signature to any more demands on the
treasury except those for coal and a lew
other absolutely necessary things. The
J5u,000 batch recently passed by the board
has not yet been presented to me for ap
proval, and it will do no good, for I shall
refuse. I have consulted various attor
ns ys and the District Attorney about the
responsibility of the Superintendent in
approving bills, and I am informed that
my function is a purely ministerial one;
that inasmuch as I have no voice in the
contraction of debts by the School Board
I am in no way responsible for the same,
but must affix my signature as a matter
of form. This is something that I shall
do no longer, however. The creditors of
the board will now have the opportunity
to bring matters to a crisis in the courts
by suing for writs of mandamus to com
pel me to sign their demands. Then the
legal status of this whole matter can be
determined. Some time ago I warned the
School Board in a communication that the
available funds were practically exhaust
ed. No attention was apparently paid to
the warning.
"My attention has been called to the
alleged jobbery in connection with the
furnishing of Mission High School, and
on next Monday Mr. Stone and myself
will visit the building and make a criti
cal Inspection of the new furniture and
equipment, so as to determine whether
or not the allegations of fraud axe well
founded."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Again
"An
honest
Judge,
forsooth"
?
'•: ■ *
Read to-day's
News Letter
WHITE ENAMELED
STEEL WARE
QL.pt. and M pt. Mugs
;„...: .....: ...25c, 2Oc, 15c
Coffee and Tea Cups and Saucers
..15c and 20c
Dinner and Soup Plates, 9*, 10H In.
......15c, 20c, 25c
Pitchers, IK, 2x,' 3Kqt • -,
65c, 75c, 85c
40c op 50c
Worth Postage Stamp* to BJvery Cos- :
tomer. -. .
WILL & FINCK CO.,
818-820 MARKET ST.
14 16 Kearny Street,
Is the very • best place to have your eyes ex-
amined and have them fitted to Spectacles and
Eye Glasses with Instruments exclusively their
own, whose superiority has not been equaled.
Our success has been due to the merits of our
work. •...•■. - ■.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
nfit tin* Full Set of Teeth
.&S& <Jk I extracting free feootrp
i <^jJMwfciiicf^ Gold Crowns sale J3 50 up
t^>rKv' Fillings - - - 35Cts.uj»
*W BB^Sb^Q Open Evenings &Sund*ira
ir^^Ps&ril VAN VROOM
XMmv Electro Dental Parlor*
4ss iP'V 'Sixth and Market
"^^ w Dr. Q W. Klelscr, Profb
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S <*»<
IbBL Museum of Anatomy
fEffigl 1061Ki.BSIXBT.tet.etli*7tli l B. P. OaL
l] T* Q The L»rg«stoflli kind In lh« World.
HIiIkI DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Ivwfl Oonralutlon free. Writ, for 8..k
K\ I Philosophy off Marriage.
fi^ * ChlehMtuft Banish 91»n4 BntnA. ' -
Pennyroyal pills
I .JtN OrlfflB»l sad ««ly Genuine. A
/i/THa •««. al»»J» rsUibla. L*oits uk /TV
f>J\ fcßatt DrnffUl for ChicHutcr , Enplit* D:a-M\\
m ttFTiJEQiiiiiiiif ffi n'l'f In Bed ul add metaUlo\3w
Ek —^#Jboww, * Ml * d with blue ribbon. Take
T*l Wi"° ••*««V J8«l^« danftrout #ufc««ru- ▼
I"/ — Hem* and imitation*. At Drani«M, ar hd4 4%
■ W -if in tuns* for ikrUemlvi, t««tlno>Ul« ait
-•X : . If . VaSl t £,»•• TcjUimoUU. Xmmtr*?*.
•V - £r ' llalL • 1 0.c»« TeftlmesUU. = ITaiu i>atr.
:■: ■ - -
:|Mk)raaiKK»l»r«(^«U. ,-.-_„,■ PHlt^OA-lr^ 1
.-.-■■ ■ - , .; ->"
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
"ABSOLUTE^ SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of y^^^Z^
Terr small and as easy
to take as sugar.
' SFF InAuiTD'cl FOR head ache. SFF
* tL CARTERS FOR DIIZINESS. MC
GENUINE f i\#rb for torpid liver. GENUINE
II PSLLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR &-_jir for SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
WKAtTLK i&Jßgg IFOR THE COMPLEXION K ArrtH
'cents I Purely VegetaMey/^w***^*^.
"frihstteid OI>T :r:e:d PAPER."
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF' THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MANCHESTER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1597, and for
the year ending on that day. as mads to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and Sll of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commiasioner: ,
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages $ 350 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,546,517 50 I
Cash in company's office 406 73
Cash in banks 316,86189
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 7.937 50
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 8 10
i Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 86.506 18
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 781 17
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid... 3,170 90
Total assets 12.112.490 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid f 72,229 4S
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 73. 130 32
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 57.870 85
Gross premiums on flre risks, run-
ning one year or less, $1,052,397 14;
reinsurance 60 per cent 626,448 67
Gross premiums on flre risks run- .
ning more than one year, $1,050,-
| 196 63; reinsurance pro rata 625,864 98
I Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
! etc 1,918 25
All other demands against the com-
pany 60,511 37
Total liabilities $1,317,973 82
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums ! 1,241, 585 S3
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 12 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 69,594 50
Total Income $1,411,192 25
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $112,428 13. losses of pre-
vious years) $ 650,482 85
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 263. 453 67
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 110,01135
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 57.257 67
All other payments and expenditures 76,609 69
Total expenditures $1,163,845 13
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $ 698,949 46
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year $ 154,134,320 $L 786. 948 56
Net amount of risks
expired during the year 145.150.716 1,845.736 58
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 185,644.763 2,103,093 77
GEO. W. WENSLET, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 28th
day of February, 189*.
ROBT. L. WENSLET. Notary Public.
L. B. EDWARDS,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS 1
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonic I
for the sexual and urinary organs of both I
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the |
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative. ;
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary. I
NABER, ALFS & BRTJNB, Agents,
323 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.) ;
Weekly Gall, $1.50 per Year 1
' I !lh(B . j^^T^^Mji jB t dtfPMP |wsM jnru^
Several years ago I was troubled with an aggfarated caw of
dyspepsia and, of course, the first thing I did was to consult a physi-
cian. As I had always enjoyed the best of health I was worried a good
deal over this, my first illness, and my only desire was to get well at
speedily as I could. I took regularly all \ the medicines as my doctof
prescribed them. In a short time I felt all right, thought I was cured
and stopped taking the medicine. But it wasn't long before I was feel-
ing as badly as ever, .and again I had recourse to the doctor. Thi»
kept up some time until at last I : made up my mind I would quit
doctoring and try some of the remedies I saw advertised I had read
so much ,r of Ripans Tabules that I concluded I would give them
a good trial. It said one would give relief,' I thought if on©
could give relief a whole lot might cure me. ■ I purchased a dollar's
worth, and when I had finished them I was feeling better than 1 had
for years. I continued -to use them, and to-day I believe lam a per-
fectly well man. \ Once jn a great while I do have a slight touch of ';
the old malady, but a single Tabvlo foes it all riant : I fi9o«aaj|
keep a supply at ho»e."
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- — OF THE
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND. ON THB
3l£t day of December. A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant, to the i provisions of section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner:
( . ASSETS. . :.
Cash market value of all stocks
and . bonds owned by company $1,931,533 38
Cash in company's 0ffice....:.....;.. 1,979 61
Cash In banks ......................... 81.587 48
Interest due and accrued ] « on : . all
stocks and loans 23,734 11
Premiums ■. in . due . course of . collec- •
tion v.;. 161,500 94
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 404 OS
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid... BM 8S
Total assets $2,212,378 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 102,565 84
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense • 54,841 00
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 18,364 M
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,005,051 15;
i reinsurance 50 per cent... 602, 623 51
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more, than one year. $898,-
724 87; reinsurance pro rata 442, 44
All other demands against the com-
pany • 59,221 41
Total liabilities $1.17»,51» 49
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre _ ,v
premiums .....$1.m.084 > 23
■ Received for interest " and dividend!
on bonds, stocks, loans,' and from
all other sources TLSO3 5)
Total Income ... — $1,402,532 77
EXPENDITURE&
Net amount paid for flre losses $ 439,022 44
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 270.7*2 54
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 87.614X5
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 87.911 SI
All other payments and expenditures. 70.009 48
Total expenditures • $1,165,309 (4
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year... .s 707.088 91
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premium*.
Net amount ! of ■ risks
written during the
year .". $ 150,689,290 $1,688,871 41
Net amount of risk* ■
expired during the year 157,693,879 1,771,934 14
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 1 170.019.667 1.901.774 f»
CHAS. H. POST. Manager.
N. A. McNEIL. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 28th
day of February. 1898.
H. E. FRANCK, Notary Public.
L. B. EDWARDS,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
DO NOT DESPAIR t DonotSuf-
jjßSwraSk, t er Longer! The jots and ambitions of
•S*s3*v^Ss2l 1"° cftn restored to you. Th« very
tSf '' *^A "'orst cases of Xerrooi I>«?blllty *r»
a absolutely DESPAIR ! DonotSuf-
f»r Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The Tery
worst cafes ot N ervou* Debility ar*
absolutely cured by PEJtFECTO
«@Sv jkM TABLETS. GiTe prompt relief to In-
vv3l "*^Tts>aßomnia, failing memory and tbe watte
.SSVNJ^fe^r and drain of vital powers. Incurred by
t'TxWZJ&f indiscretions or excesses of early years.
t - r \**y*'' Impart rigor and potency to every funo-
tion. Brace op the system. Give ■<*. bloom to th»
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /«f a A young or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy. pilja boxes at
*2.60 a complete guaranteed cure xjffjHr or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest ■"•sjs^ pocket. Bold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUB FIRFKCTO CO., CaxtoD Bids., Cilc«|», 111.
gold br Owl Cms Co. . San Fran, and O«ltla»4V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KKARNY AND WASHINGTON BTB.— B».
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD ft
CO. European plan. Rooms SOc to $1 60 day,
$5 to $8 week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths; bai
and cold water every room; fir* grata* la mrmtg
room; elevator run* all night. : T»y»tß'
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
(SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker. V^^P
Wheat and Barley lower.
Oats in fair demand.
Corn and Rye quiet. ,
Hay dull. Feedstufta unchanged.
Beans active and firm. ;../•:.•
Rice lower.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Eight cars of Eastern Poultry In this week.
Game unchanged. j . ".
Nothing new ln*Butter and Egijs.
Small Prunes very cheap.
Navel Oranges lower. . .
Provisions featureless.
Beef and Veal advanced.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 18. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In past 24 hours:
Past 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.40 5.08 6.31
Red Bluff 0 1.23 2.9$
Sacramento 0 1.00 2.14
Han Francisco. 0 1.92 2.14
Fresno 0 1.14 1.25
San Luis Oblspo 0 0.68 0.86
Los Angeles....... 0 I'll 2.47
Ban Diego 0 0.07 1.07
Yuma 0 0.18 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 49; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A slight barometric depression has developed
In Oregon, which Is apparently moving south
eastward. Rain has fallen throughout the
greater portion of Washington and Oregon
and as far south along the coast as Cape Men
d<>clno. The wind hat now shifted to the north
west at Eureka and Roseburg. The conditions
are favorable for showers In California from
Fan Trancisco and Stockton northward. The
■wind will shift to northwest and blow a mod
erate gal«i from that direction on the Northern
California coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 1?, 189S:
Northern California — Showere In north por
tion, ending during Saturday; partly cloudy In
south portion; high northwest wind.
Southern California— Generally fair Saturday:
fresh northwest wind.
Nevada- Showers, changing to snow. In north
portion; colder.
Utah— Showers, changing to snow. In north
portion, colder.
Arizona- Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Occasional show
ers, ending during Saturday; high northwest
■wind. »
Special from Mount Tamalpals — Clear; wind
northwest, light; maximum temperature, 66;
current 50. W. H. HAMMON 1 .
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. IS.— There were weak
points In the stock market to-day, but the
underlying elements of strength promised at
one time to overcome obstacles, and prices uni
formly went to a higher level. Apprehension
of a weak showing in to-morrow's bank state
ment turned the tide toward the side of reac
tion in the late dealings. The level of prices
■was In moat cases carried sharply below last
night, and net gains remaining were very much
reduced from the extreme advances of the day.
The most influential factor In causing weak
ness was theobvious liquidation going on In
Northern Pacific, which is attributed to one
of the leading officials of the property. The
absorption of stock was attributed to the lead
ing contending interest in the property. This
process of transference is significant of the
discord Bald to exist in the property. Rumors
are rife also of *.he breaking: of the agreements
which have been so favorable a factor In the
Northwestern railroad world. The effect was
manifested not only in Northern Pacific but
in Union Pacific and other railroads in the i
region affected. Delaware and Hudson was !
raided down to S3?* with accompanying ru^ i
nrrs of di -idend reduction. This Is the lowesK
price for several years and Is an accurate re- ]
flection of the decline in the anthracite trade,
other stocks affected by that trade falling in j
sympathy. Notwithstanding these elements ]
of weakness, the market showed good recupera
tive power, the buying of People Gas partic
ularly being a sustaining factor. The stock rose
an extreme 2- 4 . Burlington recovered a half j
of its quarterly dividend before the late re- j
lapse in the Grangers. Denver and Rio Grande |
pr" erred also showed continued strength.
The bond market showed a tendency to run |
off in the late dealings except for a few strong
spots after a period of early strength. Total
Bales, 13,275,000. United States threes and new
fours coupon advanced % in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 474.400
chares, including: Atchison. 8387: do preferred
68,540; Burlington. 11.748; D. & R. G.. 30,210;
do preferred, 10,550; Manhattan, 3840; Metropoli
tan Street Railway. 7257: Northern Pacific, 43,
080; do preferred. 7*90; Rock Island. 16.580; St.
Paul. 12,215; Wabash . preferred. 11,575; Tobacco
22. 34': Cotton Oil. 3525; Federal Steel, 12.890;
do preferred. 21.060; People's Gas, 58,315; Pacific
Mail, 5175; Sugar, 14.357.
CLOSING BON/XS.
Atchison 15% Do refd 65*4
Do prefd 44V 4 Do 2d prefd 3iy.
Baltimore & Ohio. 51% St L 4 S W 5% I
Canada Pacific 84% Do prefd 14' I
Canada Southern.. 64 St Paul 112% :
Cent Pac 27' iStP& Om 84 :
Ches & Ohio 22% Do prefd 166 i
Chi & Alton 160 St PM & M 17 i
Chi P. & Q 118V4 Bo Pacific...; 25% i
Chi & E 111 51% So Railway 9% I
Do prefd l(te%l Do prefd 37%
Chi G W 11%. Texas & Pacific... 15% !
Chi Ind & L 8 ! Union Pacific 34%
Do prefd 29 Do prefd 67%
Chi & N W 137% U P D & G 6%
Do prefd li>s Wabash 8
CCC* St L 41% Do prefd 22>£
Do prefd sr, W&L E. 4 ast pd 3%
Del & Hudson 94% Do prefd 4 ast pd IS
Del L & \V 141 | Express Companies—
Den « Rio G 13*; > Adams Ex 109
Do prefd 60% I American Ex 141
Erie (new) 13% United States 44%
Do Ist prefd 3.' V Wells Fargo 125
Ft Wayne 174 i Miscellaneous—
<;: Nor rrefd 133% A Cot Oil 83%
Hocking Vai 34 | Do prefd 86
Illinois Cent lll\i Am Spirits 11%
Lake Erie & W.... 14 I Do prefd 35
Do prefd f3 Am Tobacco 137*;
Lake Shore 193 Do prefd 127
Louis & Nash 60Vi Con Gas 188
Manhattan L 94% Com Cable Co 175
Met St Ry 173% Col F & Iron 22%
Mich Cent 108^ Do prefn 77
Minn & St L 2S , Gen Electric 82
Do Ist prefd 91 Haw Com Co 46
Mo Pacific. SO% Illinois Steel 114
Mobile & Ohla 27% Int Paper.. '..., 61%
Mo K& T 11% Do prefd 91%
Do prefd 34% Laclede Gas ; 48%
N J Central 87% Lead 35
X T Central 117 Do prefd 112
NY Chi &St L.. 13 Minn Iron 138
Do Ist prefd 71 Nat Lin Oil .*%
Do 2d prefd 33% Pacific Mall 38%
Nor West 14% People's Gas 108%
No Amer Co 6% Pullman Pal 138%
No Pacific 3!)% Silver Certificates. 60%
Do prefd 75 Stand R& T 7
Ontario & W 15% Sugar 121
Or R & Xav 56 Do prefd 111U,
Or Short Line 29 TC & Iron 29%
Pac C Ist prefd... 80 US Leather 6%
Do 2d prefd 69 Do pr»fd 67
Pittsburg 172 U S Rubber 41%
Reading 16U I Do prefd 104%
Do Ist prefd 39 West Union 93
ROW..: 27 I Fed Steel Co 31%
Do prefd 63 Do prefd 7'"i
"Rock Island 107% t Brook R T «9
Bt Louis & S F.... 7%" -',
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 Ss 105% N V Central .115%
US new 48 reg....127% N J C 5s 114
Do coupon 127% N Carolina 65.. ....125
V S 45.... 111% Do 45....... 103
Do coupon 113 No Pac lsts.. 117
Do 2ds 9*% Do 3h 66%
VS 5s reg 111% Do 4s. ...101%
Do 6s coupon 112% N V C & St L 4s .105%
District 3. 65s IIS Nor & W «5.... 122
Ala class A 108 Northwatrn cons.. .142
Do B 105 Do deb &a 117%
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts 114
Do Currency 100 Or Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 4s 97% O S Line 6s tr 125%
Do a<lj 4s 74 OS Line 5s tr.. 108%
Can So 2ds 109% 1 Pacific 6s of 95.... 102 C
C&O 4s BS% Heading 45.. '.." 82%
Chi Term 4s 91% ROW lsts 90
C & Ohio 06 ...116 St L&I M C 55... 97%
C H & D 4%s 104% St L & fi F O 65. .121%
D& R G lots ....108 St P Con . . igo
£ A « G 4s 99% St P C & P ists;:;!l20
Last Term lsts 107 Do 6s. 175%
Erie Gen 45... 71% So Railway 65..."!i02%
F W & D lsts tr.. 78% I Stand R & T 65.... 79
Gen Elec as 109 Term new pet 35.. 93%
GH&S A 63 105 Tex Pac L G lsts 109%
Do 2d= 104 Do reg 2d5..... . 47U
H &TC 5s 111% Union Pac lsts.. 101
Do con 6s 11l IT P. D& G lsts... 81%
lowa C lsts 104% Wabash Ist ' "111%
La new cons 4s 106% Do 2ds '91
LAN Uni'4«. 94 jW Shore 45.'.......*111«
Missouri 6f ...... 100 Virginia Centuries 7
M X & T 2ds. 65 Do deferred 79
Do 45... 91% Wls Central lsts.. 62
NEW rORK STOCK MARKET.
Chollar ..:. 23 Ontario "...•...' . « 7
Crown Point .... 10 Ophir ™
Con Cai & Va ... 1 15 [Plymouth ™
r>eadwood ........ 43 [Quicksilver ;......" 200
Gould & Curry.*.. 19 Do prefd 500
Hale & Norcross. 1 10 Sierra Nevada .. 80
Homestake 60 00 Standard 175
Iron Silver •..:...- 73 Tnlon Con ' 23
Mexican IS Yellow Jacket ... is
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Eleo Tel ..... 197%
Call loans .....2f3 Gen Elec prefd .. 164
Time loans ...... 3@4 Atch pr«fd ...... 44%
Stocks— Bonds— , .
Atch Top & St Fa 15% Atchison 4«. 97%
Amer Sugar 121 ! Gen Elec. ss ..... log
Do prefd ....... 11l Wfs Ten .65:... 126
Bay State Gas ... 2*4 ! Mining shares-
Bel Tel .....::... 280% ! Allouez Mm Co .. 5
Boston & Albany 249. Atlantic ...... 32.
Boston & Maine. 164 Boston & Mont .. 238
Boston &. L ...... 76 Butte & Boston.. 57"'
Chi Bur & Q..... 118% Calumet & Hecla. 640 •
Fitchburg ...../.. 104%; Centennial :..:.;: 24 "
Gen Elec ......... 82 I Franklin, .....20V
Mexican Cen ..... 494 ! Old Dominion .... 35
Old Colony 195 .Osceola <«4
Rubber 42 Qulncy 130
Union Pac 34% Tamarack 180
■ftVst Knd &8 j Wolverine 31%
Do prefd 110 Parrott 2.
Westingh Elec... 35V41 Humboldt *%
Do prefd 68 I
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Nov. IS— To-day"s state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balance, J296.3:5.754; gold reserve, »241.072,0i0.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— Evening Post's
London cablegram nays: Americans were, the
only active market here to-day, and even in
those the support was still mainly confined to
Paris. Uerlin and professional operators here,
no transactions for the public yet being re
corded The close was a fraction easier. Ar
gentines were firm, but other markets were
featureless. Kaffirs were flat on the proposed
tax on mining- compnnles by the Transvaal
Government. .-,
Money rates in Berlin are a fraction easier.
New York Is said to be lending a large amount
of money to Germany for two or three months,
but 1 cannot verify the report. Germany, how
ever, Is buying gold here strongly at 77s 9%d.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 87; Grand Trunk. 7%; bar
silver steady, 2Sd; money, 2Vi per cent; Spanish
4's closed at 41%. '•'.". ;: .'-~ * * ..
PARIS, Nov. 18.— Spanish 4 ■ closed at 41.80.
BHADSTREET'S FINANCIAL. REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Nov. Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will «ay: Compared
with this period in last weak both the stock
and bond transaction* have been on a smaller
scale and have been divested of any excite
ment. At intervals reactionary tendencies have
appeared, reflecting the taking of profits by
traders and large operators. The tone, how
ever, was in the main eteady and the public
shows greater interest in securities than for
a long time past, there being an excellent in
vestment demand for bonds and dividend-pay
in" stocks. When concessions appeared a good
buying demand asserted itself, although mere
was evidence of a good deal of changing of
speculative holdings from one part of the list
to another on the part of the public and the
stock market professionals. - The only posi
tively weak feature were a few stocks like
Northern Pacific common. In which realizing
fates outweighed the buying or Delaware and
Hudson, which broke on Friday on reports that
recent purchases of railroad |nes by the A an
derbUU Is adverse to other company inter
ests There was also a good deal of irregu
Srtty in American Sugar which, after a tur
ther advance in the beelnnlng of the
on covering of shorts, was dull and seemed m
cned to recede. On the other hand numerous
advances were scored, the most Prominent fea
ture being Atchlson preferred a £ d * he U8 h l ;
ment bonds of the same company GG a range^?
Baltimore and Ohio securities The Grangers,
however, under the lead of No rt h ,^ eß^ p ±."2
Burlington, were very strong and Northwestern
stocks of both the St. J aul ""f.^Mg ce t EE n ff rer c
roads made new records besides -this there
were bullish movements in Peop'e L Gas Pa
cine Mall and a variety of railroad and In
"^n^oVrpanicipation In the American mar
0^
mmmMm
nartfcularlv Denver and Rio Grande preferred.
The market here took a mild interest In the
J^nor^ thlt the Paris peace conference might j
he bVok-n off by the Spanish delegates. Some
attention was paid in the early part of the
week to the slight hardening tendency of the
NeK? York money market, though the advance
Warded foreign exchange and bring on a gold
Import movement.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW TORK. Nov. 18.-The following table, J
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear- \
ings at 92 cities for the week ended Friday,
with the percentage of increase and decrease
as compared with the corresponding week last
Y e * T "- Percentage.
_. ■'. Inc. Dec.
£^".:'.'.:::::::::"-SS^ 1 i
J3OSIUU _ „„ Q Q
Chicago ::: *■> ■■■■
Philadelphia w'S^'Soo '09 ""
PltWtSnc ::::::: 19 792.718 26.0 x ....
Baltimore '..... ' 20.562.100 23.7 ....
San Francisco il's^WO 62 -.
Cincinnati J? 1^"!^ ill
Kansas City }?-iJ2'S- It ""
New Orleans H-'-n l^- iVq "*'
Minneapolis M ""
Detroit 7.182,548 4.0 ■"■
Cleveland S'Sbmi 11 "'.'.
Louisville H™A?~A ■ "ii
Providence «'1«» M "" 40
Milwaukee $'£$'%% 20*8
c Paul 7,1i3,9al *"■' ....
Buffalo .... 4.867.841 .... H-B
SSJSha ". ::::::: 7 425.204 30.4 ....
Indianapolis I'2i2 82.8 ....
Columbus. O i'qo?'??? 103 ■■"
Savannah ••••-;•;;;;; »;» ±
HanfoVd":::::::.: 2.634.016 14.6 ....
•Richmond Mil l^ 7*r
Memnhis 2,845,904 7.6
Washington ... Mg«7 12.3 ....
T'poria 1.693,804 4.S ....
Rochester" 2.190.022 8.8 ....
nocntsier > ._
New Haven HSS"S ,S I
Worcester YSlflSi I VI ""
Atlanta 1.926,022 1.6
Sait I^ke-'cttv- V. 2,24T>. ? 00 . .- 11.8
Springfield. Mass 1.686.0U i 0.7 ....
Fort Werth 2.5i.i.32S 14.0 ....
Portland Me 1.679.^92 30.1 ....
Portland. Or 2.^:12.278 4.5 ....
St Joseph 7.430.a64 (6.2 ....
Los Angeles 1.670.601 14.8 ....
Norfolk 1.136.586 12.5 ....
Syracuse 1.293.303 0.3 ....
Dei Molnes 1 - 3 ' 7 - 6 18. »
Nashville 1.32.0.428 8.0 ....
Wilmington. Del M.226 20.5
•Fall River , 537-?*'5 37 -?*' 'ik
Scrantori 5 -^ \% ""
Grand Rapids , a -P^f 2.5 .....
•Autrusta. 3 :..:::::::: 1.218.274 - ::::• »
S-l.:::::::::::: J71.U8 11:1 3.0
Dnvtnn O 8- r .8,D57 21. o
Seattle . 1.553.944 28.2 ....
Tacoma 830.204 4.6 ....
Spokane 1.30P.640 55.6 ....
Sioux City , 95:4.561 9.9 ....
New Bedford ........... 591.320 5.5 --.•••
Knoxville. Term. 543.664 29.5 viV...
Topeka 580,644 30.0
Birmingham : 514,384 .... 2.6
Wichita. :- 474.088 1.7 ....
Blnghamton 467.500 1.6
Lincoln 4J.664 2.0 ; ....
Lexington. Ky SfclSS 2.8
Jacksonville. Fla. .... ■■ 263.803 29.0
Kalama«oo 316.256 9.3 , ....
Akron 354,500 41.0 ....
Bay City 181.681 .... 26.4
Chattanooga 409,414 33.5
Rockford. 11l 250.385 17.9 ;....
Canton, 0 261.700 42.5
Springfield, 0 190,685 .... 3.1
Fargo N. D E56.000 49.0
Sioux Falls. S. D 147,229 22.9 ....
Hastings. Neb 114,898 3.8
Fremont. Neb 100,152 58.7
Davenport C:13.739 18.5
Toledo 1.908,283 25.0
••Galveston .: 10.550.000 11.2 ....
••Houston 9,228.163 23 2 ....
Youngstown 287,240 2.2 ....
•Macon 514.000 ' ....
•Helena 760.087
•Little Rock J 403.289
•Evansvllle ....'... 970,383
Totals, U. 5...V U. 727.175 .465 35.2 ~
Totals outside N. T. 614.668.063 13.9
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal I 15.889,967 12.1 ....
Toronto 9,840,346 - 26.0 ...;
Winnipeg 2.648,608 — 25.0
Halifax 1.2"16,700 .... 4.3
Hamilton 762.623 22.4
St John. N. 8... 870.477 , 9.6
•Victoria 591.863 ..... . ....
i ♦Vancouver 640.648 •-••
Totals 80,818.717 11.1 ....
•Not Included In totals because of no compar
ison for last year.
••Not included in totals • because containing
other Items than . clearings.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW TORK. Nov. 18— R. O. Dun A Co.'l
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
The situation Is clearer and the Improve
ment In business which was expected after the
election has begun. Payments through clear
ing houses ar« far the largest ever known for
the week. 37.3 per cent larger than last year
and 33 per cent larger than in 1892. The glnss
workern have resumed, the anthracite coal out
put is heavy and much beyond the present ca
pacity of the markets, the troubles In Illinois
coal mines have been settled and the new strike
of shoe workers in Marlboro. Mass.. is now the
only labor hindrance of consequence. It is
noteworthy that in spite of all changes the
price of spot wheat has but slightly changed.
The exports for the week, flour Included, have
'been 3,9158,76s bushels from Atlantic ports,
against 3,237.344 laßt year, and Vrom Pacific
ports 955.093 bushels, against 2,191,334 last year,
making in all for two weeks of November 9,
312,331 bushels, against 9,939. 804 last year. Such
returns leave wide room for conjecture as to
the influences governing the price, but with
]f,';37.311 bushels received at Western points
during the week and In two weeks 20,261, .r>8
bushels, against ir.,285,167 last year. It can no
longer be said that Western supplies threaten
to run short.
The woolen manufacturer has gained In or
ders for the coming season, which Justifies the
heavy buying of materials recently seen, and
there are ai»o better orders for bpeedy deliv
ery, but the demand Is not large and much
machinery I* still waiting idly.
While sales of wool at the three ehtef mar
kets were heavy, 28.234.500 pounds In three
weeks, against 20.565.902 last year, and 17,103.
100 In 1892, they Include two large sale* for ex
port, covering 3,000,000 pound* of Montevideo
and Australian wool at 16 and 18 cents, ro
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898^
spectlvely, which make clearer the fact that
prices asked by holders here are relatively
high. Pome concessions at Philadelphia fol
low those at Boston, though the market is on
the whole steady.
Iron !k In bigger demand all the time ani
yet production steadily Increases, and at P'tts
burjc Bessemer pig Is slightly lower at JlO 10,
th* new association being: undersold. Orders
for plates are beyond all precedent, including
material for cars, bridges, vessels and worK
of all sorts, and structural wnrk Is seasonably
quiet, though the mills have much ahead,
while in bars the demand is considerably bet
ter at Plttsburg with orders for material tor
6000 cars at Chicago. Some works at the fc-ast
are short of orders and prices are held bacK.
The expectation is that the proposed rail as
sociation will meet an extremely heavy demand
next year, especially for trolley lines, but it is
stated that prices wlJl not be advanced aDo\e
*20 at the East and $21 at Chicago. In Iron
products the next will probably be a record
breaking ypar. „„„ . ..
Failures for the week have been 233 in i trie
United States, against 267 last year, and <K> in
Canada, against "2 last year.
BRADSTREET'S ON THE CONDITION OF
TRADE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say:
Evidence accumulates that the good results
flowing from the recent elections are no longer
confined entirely to improvement In tone and
confidence, though the active feeling influences
dealings in both financial and mercantile lines.
Several substantial developments present them
selves this week, notable among which iir- a
number of advances in prices, exceptionally
few declines thereof, growing in strenjuy '"
the pigiron situation, unprecedently large weeic
bank clearings and remarkably good reports as
to export trade, not only in the line of foreign
products, but in enlarged trade In manufac
tured products distribution of merchandise
shows but little change from recently preced
ing weeks, but th« growth In confidence Is re
flected in very general reports of Improved col
lections on past business. •
First and foremost In the line of foreign
trade extension are the returns recently made
for October pointing to rxports for that month
larger than In the corresponding month of any
preceding year, second only to those of Decem
ber last year, and chargeable not so much as
formerly to enlarged exports of farm prod
ucts but to heavily increased exports of fin
ished products of American Industry. In this
connection especially good reports come from
the Iron and steel industry, which has thereby
been rendered more nearly independent than
ever' before of fluctuations In domestic de
mand. The strength in values of all cereals,
all the leading breadstuff? being higher this
week is of course, due to the constant foreign
demand, mnro than effecting very large gains
in domestic supplies, which, however, are be
low any corresponding period for years past.
Comparisons of four months' exports. July to
October inclusive, point to wheat and flour
•hinments U'tl<- below those of last year, and
only 10 per cent below those of IS9I. the heav
iest ever known. The strength of cereals finds
imitators on coffee, where the statistical posi
tion shows some Improvement; HURar, which Is
relatively higher for refined, on growing strength
of raw supplies; coffee, which still retains its
i old bullish tone, and oven cotton, which is
I higher on small movement and improving tone
of the goods market.
Wool sales continue of good volume on more
confident buying of email manufacturers, who
however, report the finished goods trade unsat
isfactory. Heavy sales of bonded wool for re
export to England are reported this week.
Rather morp inquiry la noted for pigiron, and
the tone of prices is strong In contrast to that
of steel, which Is being shaded by those eager
i to hook new business. The steel rail situation
is apparently unchanged, and much business Is
hp'.d up awaiting settlement of price and other
details.
Wheat, including flour shipments for ' the
week, avrgreg-ate 6.679.141 bushels, against 3.
1*674 fiSS bushels lust week. 8,<83,7M bushels In
the corresponding week of 1897, 3,937.233 bushels
in 1896, 2,516,838 bushels In 1895. and 3.312,673
bushels in W4. Since July 1. this year, the ex
ports of wheat aggregate 52.589.457 bushels,
against 06,978,426 bushels' last year.
Business failures In the L'nlted States this
week number 229. as against 187 last week, 235
in this week a year ai?o. 30$ in 1896, 323 in 1896,
and 295 In IS!>4. The total number of failures
In the Dominion of Canada is 24. against 30 In
the preceding week. 31 in 1897. 47 in 1596. 42 In
1895. and 23 In 1894.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— FLOUR— Receipts,
37.700 barrels; exports. 11.631 barrels; quiet and
a trifle weaker. Minnesota patents. $3 75<54 10;
winter patents, $3 70!g'3 90; ■ winter straights,
*3 4~T>3 65. SySJEf
WHEAT— Receipts, 287.250 bushels; exports.
314.299 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red 76c f. o. b.
afloat. Options for a time were weak and
heavy from the effects of big spring wheat re
ceipts, lower cables, bearish, Argentine news
and unloading. With the advent of export de
mand, however, the afternoon market rallied
and closed firm at %c decline for December
and Uc advance for May; No. 2 red May,
70 9-166 71% c, closed 71% c.
HOPS— Firm. State common to choice, 1896
crop. 708 c: 1897, ll@13c; 1898, 19@21c; Pacific
Coast. 1896 crop. 7@Bc: 1897. 110136; 1893, 19@21c.
METALS— It wa« a day of narrow changes
and time business on the metal market. Tin
moved up slightly on fair demand and rather
firmer attitude of sellers. Lead was easier and
the rest of the list without change of impor
tance. News was scare and of Indifferent pur
port. ' and the trade indisposed to operate ex
tensively at this period of the week. At the
close, the Metal Exchange called:
PIG Warrants quiet, $7 10 bid and
$7 25 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, $12 87 bid and $12 95
asked.
TlN— Steady, $17 87% bid and $18 asked.
LEAD- with $3 60 bid and $3 52%
asked. The firm naming the settling price for
lending miners and smelters at the West quotes
lead $3 60.
SPELTER— Quiet with $5 15 bid and $5 25
asked.
COFFEE — closed 5<?15 points net
higher. Sales, 11.750 bags. including: Decem
ber. »5 80@5 35; February. $5 60; March. $5 60;
September, $5 95@6. Spot Coffee— Rio steady.
Mild steady.
SUGAR— Strong, held one-sixteenth higher:
fair refining, 3 15-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test.
4 7-16 c; Molasses. 3 11-16 c. Refined strong but
quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3733 packages, firm;
Western creamery. 18<g23%c; Elgins, 23V4e; fac
tory. ll%@l4t£e.
LiGGS— Receipts, 5762 packages, firm: West
ern. 23V4C.
DRIED FRUITS. .
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— California dried fruits
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7@9C
per pound: prime wire tray, B@SV4c; choice, 8%
@9c; fancy. 9 : 2 c. ■'";.••
PRUNES— 3H@IOc as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll©14c; Moorpark, 13igl"c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. S^@l2^c; peeled, 18®
20c
CHICAGO WHEAT MARKET. m
CHICAGO, Nov. 18.— A rather weak tone was
shown by Wheat at the opening-. Reports from
Liverpool . received before the opening here
showed %@ld decline.- Argentine crop reports
were very favorable and seaboard houses re
ported email export demand. December started
*4@%c lower and May V4@Vic lower. The sell
ing pressure was not very heavy, and a mod
erate buying demand, mostly from profession
als, caused prices to slowly advance. For two
hours afterward the market was dull and In •
the main fairly steady. The market became
?ulte firm for a time aiter 11 o'clock. Orders
rom the outside either to buy or sell were
; few and far between, but local traders were
rather inclined to favor the buying side, es
pecially as regards December, and prices grad
ually worked upward. Half an hour from the
close the lack of local cash demand, apparent
all day, began to be appreciated and the 1 bot
tom apparently dropped out of the market.
The sudden break, however, bright in plenty
of buyers, and In the last few minutes of trad
ing prices advanced as rapidly as they had
declined. May closed at 65%@66c and Decem
ber at 66M:<366%c. . , - ,
Corn was fairly active. The market sold off
a little at ; first on the weak cables . and 'In
sympathy with Wheat, but soon became steady
and remained no for the rest of the session.
May closing a shade higher.
Oata were a little higher, but not especially
active. The firmness of Corn helped - Oats.
May closed at a shade advance over yester
day.
The market for Provisions, with the excep
tion of a few minutes around the opening, due
to sympathy • with grain, was firm, > but 'de
cidedly dull. Operations were confined almost
entirely to scalpers, packers doing very little,
and price fluctuations were -narrow. At the
close January pork was 5c higher, lard 2Hc
higher and ribs unchanged. _
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
■Wheat, No. 2—
November • •••• ' 65Vi
December..: 66% 66% 66% 66%
May...... 65% 66% 65% 66
Corn. No. 2— •
November .......... 35% .32%. 32% 32%
December 82% 32% 32%' 32%
May ...... ........... 33% ,33% 33% 53%
Oats, No. 2— -
December 24% 25 24% .25
May;........: 25% 25% 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 7 82% . 7 82% 7 82% 7 82%
January ..........:.8 SO 895 890 :8 96 >
May • 9 07% 9 12% 9 07% 9 12%
■ Lard, per 100 lbs—
December ....:.. ...-4 82% 490 4 82% 4 87%
January 490 495 490 . 495
May ..........».... —.. .... .... 07%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ,
December ...........4 42% 4 42% 440 4 42%
January ............4 60 65 450 .4 52%
- Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
slow; No., 3 Spring Wheat, 63@65c; No. 2 Red,
69% c; No. 2 Corn. :32%@33c; No. 2 Oats. 25% @
26% c; No. 2 White, f. o. b.. 28% c; No. 3 White,
t. o. b.. 27%@28%c; No. 2 Rye, 51c: No. 2 Bar
ley, f. o. b., 34@4S%c; ' No. 1 Flaxseed, 96% c;
Prime Timothy Seed, $2 25; Mess Porß, per
bbl. *7 Eo@7 85: Lard, per 100 lbs. $4 90@4 92%;
Short Ribs Sides (loose). $4 60@4 85; Dry Salted
Shoulders - (boxed), -• $4 37%@4 50; Short . Clear
Sides (boxed).* $4 76®4 85;; Whisky, ; distillers',
finished goods, per gallon, $1 25." --■; .•: ■ _ . ,
■ Articles— I . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels  13,000 11,000
Wheat, bushels .:..-....... -..181,000 361.000
Corn, bushels 293.000 517.000
Oats. bushels ................319,000 122.000
Rye, , bushels ................. 41,000 . 28.000
Barley, bushels < . . ... .-...;. . . 98,000 . ,;■ ' 73,000
-•. On '; the : Produce Exchange ' to-day the Butter
market ; was steady; Creameries, ; 14#2:c; Dalr
lea, .- 12%@19c. Cheese, quiet; B@9%c Eggs,
firm; fresh, 20@20%c. ;
WHEAT ..' MOVEMENTS.
. Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis .".'. 528,960 152,280
Duluth .". 530,092 - 334,373
Milwaukee 61,750 23,400
Chicago 180.800 361.408
Toledo :........;. .. 25,321 5,000
St. Louis 73,000 32,000
Detroit .. 8.358 22,377
Kansas City 68.000 '62,500
Totals 1,476,281 993,33*
Tidewater-
Boston 101.125 65.841
New York 287.250 814.399
Philadelphia .-. 29.254 4.669
Baltimore 87.294 128.000
New Orleans '. 25,663
Galveston 53,928 140,000
Totals 558,851 678,572
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. 1 Mar.
Opening '..... ..6 1% 69%
Closing ...6 I>4 6 9%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 4740 46 15
Closing ......47 . 46 20
Wheat-
Opening . 2175 2145
Closing 2170 2140
EASTERN LIVESTOCK/ MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. IS.— CATTLE— Prices were
steady. Good to extra choice steers, Js@s 75;
commoner grades, $4<ff4 95 ; stoekers and feeders,
WS* 40; bulls, cows and heifers ranged from
J3 BO@4 10 for better grades; calves. $3 60®7.
HOGS— Market steady. Sales were at an ex
treme, range of $3 20®3 55 for common to prima
hogs, the greater part Belling for $8 4053 BO;
pigs. »3ig3 26.
SHEEP— Market weak. Lambs. $3 60®4 for
common up to JSfg'S 25 for choice flocks. Sheep
sold at $2 25@4 25. Westerns selling at »2 S(K§)
4 15 and yearlings at $4<g l 4 50; native ewes were
slow at *3@6 50; feeding lambs sold at $4 40©
4 90; feeding sheep, $3 25@3 85.
Receipts— Cattle. 2500; hogs, 26.000; sheep,
6000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 18.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 4000. Market strong. Native steers,
$S is(iy4 15; Texas steers, (2 80®4 40; Texas
cows and heifers, $1 75®4 10; stockers and feed
ers. $2 25«4 75; culls. $2 40<g3 90.
HOGS— Receipts. 10,000. Market steady to a
shade higher. Bulk of sales. S3 30@4 40; heavies,
J3 305J-3 4.i; packers, $3 20@4 40; mixed, J3 20®
3 37H: lights. $3 15<fr3 35; yorkers. $3 20@3 35";
pigs. $2 !»S@3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 7G<sJ5 10; muttons, $2 7f>@4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Nov. 18.— CATTLE— Receipts. 16m.
Market active, strong. Native beef steers,
J4 a<Xi!s 30; Western steers. $3 BO@4 40; Texas
steers, $3 50@3 80; cows and heifers, %3Oi; stock
ers and feeders, $3 40@4 40; bulls, stags, etc.,
$2 25<«3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 7200. Market shade to 5c
lower. Heavy. $3 30®3 40; mixed. $3 32^®
3 35: light. $3 33<g3 45; pigs, $3^3 30; bulk of
sales. $3 SttsOS 17%.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3500. Market slow, weak.
Native muttons. $3 50@4 20; Westerns. $3 50@
4 10; stockers, *3f§-3 20; lambs. J4®4 25.
DENVER.
DENVER. Colo.. Nov. 18.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1100. Market steady; higher on Ftock
ers. Beef steers. *3 2.~,@4 25; cows, $3@3 GO;
bulls, stags, etc., $2 25®3: feeders, freight paid,
$3 6004 25; stockers. freight paid, $3 60<@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market steady. Light
packers. $3 40f 3 45: mixed, $3 35@3 40; common
and heavy, ?3 2553 35.
SHEEP— Receipts. 300. Market steady and
unchanged.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— Earl Fruit Company/.*
sales of California fruit: Emneror, single
crates, 51 54; clusters. $2 SO; Malagas, SI 35.
Stormy weather. Two cars sold.
CHICAGO, Nov. IS.— Red Emperor, »1 80<g>
2 05; clusters, $2 80; Emperor, *1 73@2 05; Per
simmons, $2 05. Two cars . sold. Weather
cloudy.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 18.— A few transac
tions of small lots were reported to-day at a
shade better than 60c for Walla Walla wheat,
but it is impossible to get an exporter to openly
quote more than 69Hc to 60e, and they ex
hibit no disposition to buy at these figures.
Valley ami blue stem, 62@63c.
Cleared— Ship Crown of Scotland, with 90,108
bushels" wheat; ship Paul Isenberg, with 71,
775 bushels wheat, both for Queenstown.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 555,360 bushels.
Shipments of barley amounted to 132,025 bush
els. -•'*;<■.
sdCfi- WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. IS.— Wheat— Club. 89% c; blue
stem. 62%@63V4c
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LOS'DON. Nov. 18.— Consols. 110 5-18: Silver,
27 15-16 d; French Rentes. lOlf gsc. Wheat car
goes off coast, steadier; cargoes on passage,
dull for white, firm for red; cargoes of Waila
Walla. 30s; English country markets, part 6d
dearer.
LIVERPOOL. Nor. 18— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California, 6b 10d<S«s mVid; Wheat
In Paris, quiet: Flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather In
England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 1-S2d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
steady, 6s Id; No. 1 red Northern spring,
steady. 6s 2lid.
CORN — Spot American mixed, quiet, 8a 10% d.
Futures steady; November, 3s lOd; December,
3a B%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. IS.— Exchanges, $342,
631; balances, $52,162.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — Was slightly lower, both on and
off call, with not much doing.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 17%@1 20; milling,
$1 22%@1 25.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 18,000
ctls, $1 21%; 10,000, $1 21%; 8000, $1 21%; Decem
ber—Sooo, $1 18.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 21%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 6000 ctft,
$1 214; 2000. $1 21%.
Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls, $1 21%; De
cember—2ooo. il 17%.
BARLEY— Is lower, both as to 6pot and fu
ture prices, and the demand Is slow.
Feed. $1 25@1 27%; Brewing. $1 32%<@1 40 per
etl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 30%;
2000. $1 30U: 2000. $1 30.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December — 2010 ctls, $1 30.
OATS— These goods are being fed by many
In preference to Barley and free sales are re
ported in consequent". No change in prices.
Fancy Feed. $1 27%(31 30 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 22 I ,i®l 25; common. $1 17%<SJ1 20; Sur
prise. $1 35@1 42%; Gw. $1 20@l 22%; milling,
tl 25fct>l 30 per ctl; Red. $1 40@l 47%; Black, $1 60
@1 70.
CORN— There Is no change worthy of note.
Small round yellow, $1 15ST1 20; Eastern large
yellow, $1 (12%&1 05: white. SI 05; mixed, $1 02%
@1 05 per ctl; California "White, $1 05@l 07%.
' RYE— California. $1 20; Eastern. $1 15@1 17%
per. ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR- Family extras. $4 15@4 25; bakers"
extras, $3 90^4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, *3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 2,V«3 60; Buckwheat
Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$4 B0; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $& 85<g6 25; In sacks. $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market continues dull at unchanged
quotations. Feedstuffs remain unchanged.
BRAN— *IS&IC 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing, $32®' 32 50; Cocoanut cake. $24(325; Cotton
seed Meal, $25<530 per ton; Cornmeal. $23 50(9
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 Bo@lß 50 for
good to choice and $14@16 for lower grades:
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $15® IS;
Oat, $14@1S; Island Barley, $13@14; Alfalfa,
$10011 50; Stock, fllfijJie; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Timothy, $13 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are quoted firm and active at about
the tame prices. Alfalfa Seed Is lower.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 90®2; Small Whites, $2®
2 15; Large Whites, $1 85(8)1 95; Pinks. $1 90@2 05;
Reds, $3 25; Blackeye, $3 50@3 75; Butters, $2(j?
2 BO: Llmas. «3 2tm 35; Pea. $2 10@2 20; Red
Kidneys. $2 40(52 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4@4 25 per ctl; Yel
low Mustard, $4: Flax, $2@2 10; Canary Seed, 2%
02% c per !b; Alfalfa. 6%@7c; Rape, 2Vi@2»ic;
Hemp. 2V»®3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS-NMea. 'I 35®1 40; Green. $1 50
®1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGHTABLES.
Summer Squash and Ere Plant are no longer
worth quoting. The other Vegetables ar« «r«.
Potatoes and Onions are unchanged.
POTATOES— 3O@4Oc ror Early Rose and_&>W
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks^^c^i
$1 10; Oregon. TOcOJl; Sweet Potatoes, >ya»oc
for nearby and $lffl 25 for Merced; New Pota
toes, lV4®2c per lb. „_.
ONIONS— 30@50c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 3o@
50-^ per otl. _ ,
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3@4c: String
Beans, s@7c; Lima Beans, nominal; Green Pep
per?. 23@50c: Cabbage. 40@50c; Tomatoes. 40#
60c; Garlic, 4@sc per lb; Dried Okra, 10c per lb;
Cucumbers, B0@60c; Marrowfat Squash, $10@15
per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. 12c per lb in lots of 35 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16® 18c: granulated, raw, 13c:
Onions. 60c; Carrota, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Eastern Is selling at $5@5 50 for Hens, $3 for
old Roosters, $5 50ift6 for young Roosters, $4
fur Fryers, $3 50@4 for Broilers.
The receipts of Eastern this week. Including
the two rars received yesterday, foot up 8 cars,
■*Ml it l« purnrlrtnfr how well this stock has
sold. California Poultry Is dull, owing to these
iite rt-ceipts irum the East.
Game shows no particular change.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkevg. 13@lfic; live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 12Vi@13c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25<gl 75; Goslings,
$1 50@l 75; Ducks, $4#6 for old and $4@6 for
younK; Hens, J3 50@4 50; Fryers, J3 50@4; Broil
ers. $3 50 for large, $3@3 25 for small; Pigeons.
W&l 25 per dozen for old and $1 75 for squabs.
GAME—
Quail. $1 50@l 75; Mallard, $3®4; Canvasback.
$3@9: Sprig. $3i53 50; Teal, $1503175; Widgeon,
$1 50@l 75; Small Duck, *1 25@1 50; English
Snipe. *1 50; Jack Snipe, |1; Gray Geese, $2®
2 60; White Geese. Jl@l 25; Brant. Jl 25@1 75;
Honkers, $4; Hare. $I@l 25; Rabbits, $1 25<g>l 50
for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EOOB.
The market continues quiet and unchanged.
BUTTER—
i Creamery — Fancy creameries, 2S@24c; sec
onds. 20@22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy. 18@20c; common
grades. 15@n%c. _
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18@20c; pickled roll,
19@21c; creamery tub. nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16@16V4c per
lb; Elgin. 22@22%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@Uc; old. 6hi@
9%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
lO^cifll^c; Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 40@42%c per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 35<g37%c; Eastern. 20@25c for ordi
nary and 27%@30c for fancy. , v >; •
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There Is nothing- new to report. The assort
ment Is steadily getting more limited and tha
market is dull. • (
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— V
Strawberries, $2 60@5 per chest fo» large and
$B©IO for small.
Huckleberries, s@6c per lb.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal.
Cranberries, $7@9 per barrel for Eastern
and $2 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 40®60c per box; crates sell about 10c
higher than boxes. - - ■ -■■-■--
Raspberries, to<§l per chest.
Apples, 35^ 60c for common.- 75@85c per box
for No. 1 and $I@l 25 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, a 5002. . • •
Pears— 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, *3@4
per box; Seedlings, $1 50<g2 25; Lemons, $I@2 lor
common and $2 60*; 3 50 for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes, iVa \ .'0; California Limes. 25c@H
per small box; Grape Fruit, $3 50®5; Bananas.
$1 50@2 per bunch; Pineapples,- $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
Prunes are cheap. Very small sizes, say
from 110 to 130, are selling as low as Hitgl^c \
per lb. The grower cannot come out even at
these prices.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50's. 4V4
@5c for 50-60" s, 3%c for 60-70" s, 3c for 70-80' s.
2^o for SO-SO' s, 2c for »0-1008 and l^c
for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2V4@sc; Peaches,
6(jj7^c for good to choice, 7%@Bc for fancy and
lu'aUVsc for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c for Royals
and U'i{l2\ic for Moorpark; Evaporated Apples,
7V*4JThc: sun dried, 4@4V4c; Black Figs, sacks,
2&2V4c; Plums,, 4H<a6c for pitted and l@lHc for
unpltted; Nectarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy;
Pears, &<3~c for quarters and B<39c for halves.
RAISIN'S— for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 6Vi®6^4c lor Seedless
Sultanas. /4 c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%W3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B®l2Vsc per lb; Walnuts,
6#7c for hardshell, S@9c for softshell; Almonds,
6@7c for hardshell; 13c for softshell, 14@15c for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4V4®
5c for California; Cocoanuts, . $4 50<g5.
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright' and B@>9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6V4®
7c; . light amber extracted, 6c; dark. s@oVsC
per lb. •;, 3
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS*.
Dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7V4c per , lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light,. 10% c
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured. Hams, 10c; California
Hams, 9&9isc; Mess Beef, $10(g!10 60 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. Jll@ll 50; Family Beef,*l2®
12 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, Jlß@
IS £0; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll®l2c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces, quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 6%@7c for pure; pails. 7%c;
California- tierces, 4%@5c per lb for compound
and Sc for pure; barrels, 6V4c; 10-lb tins,
7^c; 6-lb tins. 7V4c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. sT<.(?6'4c; packages
lepa than 300 lbs, 1-1 pails. 60 In a case, Sic;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case, ~%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. B^c: fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c. .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. B%c; light 8c; Cowhides.
B<S~B%c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, B%c; Calf. B%c;
dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands, "12c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheep
pkins. shearlingF. 15025 c each: short wool, 30®
40c each; medium. 60®SOc; long wool. 90c@Jl 10
each; Horse Hides., salt, $1 75@2 for large and
75c for small; Colts, 60c; Horse Hides, dry. $1 50
for large and 50c@$l for email.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%c per lb; No. J.
2%c; refined. V&Qi%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips — Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 9<a lie; San Joaquln and Southern. 7
months'. KilOc; Foothil! and Northern, free,
121T14o; Foothill and Northern, defective, 10®
12c Middle County. 13@16c; Humboldt and Men
docino. 14f??16c; Nevada. 10@14c; Eastern Ore
gon. 10®12c; Valley Oregon, lb<3l"c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 11®1S
Northern mountain Will
Mountain 8010
Plains 6@ 9
HOPS— IB9B crop. 13^17c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%(B'bc; Wool Bags. 26®28c; San
Quentln Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags. sc. 5%c and
s*ic for the three grades of white and 7@Sc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50: Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $6: Coos Bay. $5: Wallpend, $7 50;
Scotch. $S; Cumberland. $8 ."0 In bulk, and $10
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Eeg. $14:
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
RICE— Is lower. China mixed. $4<3 l 4 OS: China
No 1 $4 65<!M: extra do, $3 15(35 40; Hawaiian
$5 50(36; Japan, $5 80@6 40; Lc islana, $5 50@
6 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c: Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%e: Confec
tioners, A. 5%c: California A, 6»4c: Magnolia A,
5%c: Extra C. sc: Golden C. 4T*c: half-barrels,
He more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken at less- than 75 barrels or it»
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef and Veal have again advanced, and the
latter is scarce. There Is no change in Hogs.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%<?f7c; choice, 7%c;
second quality, 6c ■ third quality. 4%<g v s%c.
VEAL— Large, 7@Bc; small, 7@S%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®Bc; Ewes, 7@7%c.
LAMB— SVj@-c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4<??4%e for large, 4^4@4Hc
for medium and 8H03%c fnr small; stock Hogs,
2Vi@3o; dressed Hogs. §(37c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. November 18.
Flour, qr sks ... 8.809 IHay. tons 348
Wheat, ctls 35 Straw, tons 13
Barley, ctls 810 Hides, no .... 61
Corn," ctls 6 n Eggs, doz 5.790
Putter, ctls S3; Brandy, gals 4.050
Cheese, ctls 42 1 Wine, gals 60.890
Tallow, ctls 0 Leather, rolls ... 192
Benns. sks 1.740 Hides, no 16C
Potatoes, sks ... 4,27 : > I Quicksilver, flsk. 13
Onions, sks 80 Lumber, ft 70,000
Bran, sks 1.000 .Raisins, bxs .... 350
Middlings, sks .. %
OREGQN.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,340 BArley, ctls 10,500
Wheat, ctls 2.420
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 7.736 jHop«, bales 30
Oats, ctls 7,100 1 Wool, bales 2S
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10:
UTAH.
Alfalfa Seed, sks 3521
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
■ ; Eggs are scarce and dear. Butter stands
about the same.
: Some kinds of Fish are dearer. "•- The tendency
In Meat ie upward. Poultry is in large supply
Game is cheaper. ■ , .
,\ The Summer fruits and vegetables are disap
pearing. . - .
r Following is ■ The Call's regular weekly
price list: ' ' . "/ ,
, Coal. ; per ton— ■ .. . . ,
Cannel $ ©12 00' Castle Gate.. s9 «X» —
Wellington -. — ®10 00 Bouthfleld .- j ;
: New Welling- , - ->■ Wellington — -Q »bo
ton ........ — «10 00 Coos 8ay.... ——0 700
Seattle .V... 8 00® '
Dairy Produce, etc.— ..._„
Butter, fancy, per .. I Cheese. Swiss. 20#2.>
square .45050 Common Eggs . . . .30@39 .
Do, per r011.:.... 40@45! Ranch Eggs, per
Do. pood 37V,® — dozen 45@50
Pickled 35^401 Honey Comb, per __
Firkin, per 1b..— ©25 lb .......... — I*S> ls
Cheese, Cal ...... 12@15 Do, extracted.
Cheese. Eastern... 15®— |
Meats, per lb.— , : -v--'--
Bacon •••• 12017 Pork, fresh ...—©l2
Beef, choice ......12@15 Pork, salt .108*12
Do. good SifHO Pork, ch0p5.......— ®12
Corned Beef 8 Round .Steak 10012
Ham, Cal ..12H«?15 Birloln Steak .....12015
Do. Eastern — #15 'Porterhouse, d 0... ©20
Lard • 12<315|Smoked .8eef..../.12W15
Mutton io<S>i2 Pork Sausages.. 12 1 5®20
Lamb :..;.12@15lVeal .. Hi© 15
Poultry and Game —
Hens. each.... '50@ 65 Quail, pr doz.l 50<§2 00
Young Roost- Mallard, pair. 75@1 00
ers. each .... 60® 75 Canvasback, pr .
Old Roosters, .•• $, a i r ......... 1 23@1 75
each 40@ GO Sprig, pr pair, "to® • —
Fryers, each.. EMI — Teal, pr pair.. 40$ :50
Broilers, each — 40 Widgeon, pair 40@ 150
Turkeys, pr lb 18@ 20 Small Duck .. .40® —
Ducks, each..- oU^ 75 Wild Geese pr
Geese. each...l 00@l 25 1 pair 50® 60
Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50 i English Snipe,
Rabbits, pair.— © 40 per doz 2 0002 25
Hare. each.... @20 Jack Snipe.... 1 50® —
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 10@12 Limes, doz ....10015
Apples, ID ...:... 6 Oranges, d0z.....25@40
Bananas, doz 15@20 Pears, per lb 4& 6
Cranberries, per , ! Raspberries per
quart l2Vt<S— drawer .40<@50
Grapes, per'lb V$ 8 ! Raisins, lb s®lo
Huckleberries, per ! Strawberries, per •
lb 6@lOJ drawer 25@50
Lemons, doz......2o@— ! Walnuts, 1b... 12©13
Vegetables — ■
Artichokes, d0z.. 50<g>75 1 Lettuce, do* 18025
Beets, doz 12® 15. Mushrooms, lb —&—
Beans, white, lb.. 4@ s !Onions,! Onions, lb 4w 5
Colored, lb 4iJ s.Peppers,. Peppers, green ... 6® 8
Lima, lb. 6#— > Potatoes, lb :v'»W *
Cabbage, each — . SMIO Do Sweet 3© 4
Cauliflowers, each ssrlO 1 Parsnips, dox 15(a2'J
Celery, bunch 6©— Radishes, dz bchsio@l2
Cress, doz bnchs..2o@2s Sage, doz bnchs..2. ><ft3s
Cucumbers. d0z...20@25 i String Beans, lb..lo@—
Egg Plant, per lb 4® 8 Thyme, lb 20<j2)30
Green Peas, 1b.... 6 Turnips, doz 18090
Lentils, ib 6@ SI Tomatoes, lb .... 3@ 5
Fish, per lb.— . '
Barracuda 10@12 1 Shrimps S@lo
Carp s<3i6JShad — ©10
Codfish .....10@12 ! Sea Bass 10@—
Flounders 34* 6 Smelts 12<ig 15
Herring B@lo Soles B@lo
Halibut —012 Skates, each s<griO
Kinsfish Tomcod — ©10
Mackerel —&— Clams, ga1.........— @50
Do. Horse — (gi— Do, hardshell, 100. 40© :50
Perch S®lo Crabs, each 10015
Pompano 50®75.D0, softshell, d0z.25@35
Rockfish 10<gl2 Mussels, qt... 10@12
Salmon, smoked. .204J:— 1 Oysters, Cal, 100. .40® —
Salmon, fresh 12® — I Do, Eastern, d0z.25©40
Sturgeon .12@lol
THE STOCK MARKET.
The mining share market was distinguished
by a rise in Sierra Nevada to $1 15. the neigh
boring mines also advancing in sympathy.
In local securities Hawaiian Commercial
continued the exciting stock, recovering $46@
51 50, subsequently falling back. The other
sugar stocks were somewhat unsettled in sym
pathy. Sales in Hawaiian were heavy. Giant
Powder declined to $57 25.
The Golden Gate Lumber Company has levied
an assessment of $10 per share, delinquent
December 19.
The Anchoria-Leland Mining Company of
Colorado paid a dividend of 1 cent per share,
amounting to $6000, on November 18.
The Portland Mining Company of Colorado
has declared a dividend of 2 cents per share,
amounting to $60,000 on It" 3,000,000 shares of
capital stock, payable December 15; total divi
dends to date, $2,167,080.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Nov. 18-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— S F G & E.... 55% 864
4s quar coup.. 112 113 San Fran — 3%
4s quar reg. . .111*4111*4 Stockton Gas..— 15
4s quar new. . .126 7^12"V»! Insurance—
3s quar coup. .104*4105** iFirem' 8 Fund. 2o9 —
Miscellaneous — i V»'ater Stocks —
Cal-st Cab 5a.. 115 117 |Oontra Costa.. 50 54
Cal £1 OS 125 — iMarin Co 50 —
C C Wat 85... 100%— ISpring Valley. 102V4103H
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Hank Stocks—
E L & P 6b.. 130 — Anglo-Oal .... 62>4 —
F&CI Ry 68.114 — Bank of Ca1. .249^250
Geary-»t H ss. — 100 L'al SD & T.. 98 100
H C & 8 s^B. 99^104^ First Xationl.2lo 215
LAL Co 6s. — 100 Lcn P & A. ...131*4 —
Do gntd 65.. — 102 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65..128> — Nev Nat 8....175 177 -
Do Ist M 5H.11072116V3 Savings Bank*—
N C NGRy 75.10S - Ger 8 & L...1625 1635
N Ry Cal 65.. 113%— Hum 6 * L.luiu 1160
N Ry Cal 55..104 7 .» — Mutual Say. 35 45
N P C R R 65. 103 — S F Say U.. 495 —
NPC X R 58.100*4101 6 <fc L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55. ...109 — Union T Co.loßo —
Om Ry 6s 126%— Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 6a. 106 107 California ....109 —
P & O 8s 112 — Geary 45 —
Powell-st Gs... — 123 Market-st .... 56^56
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — Presidio 9 10
6F& N P Ss.HO 110% Powder—
SlerraßCal 6a.104%100H California ....135 145
SPof Ar 6b.. 108% — E isynnmlte... 85 »S
S P Cal 68....111* i — Giant Con Co. 57 57«4
BPC Is eg 55.. 101 — Vignrit 2% 2Ti
S P Br 6s 116 — Miscellaneous—
5 V Water 65.115*4 — Al Pac Assn. .103H104«4
6 V Water 45.102»4 — Ger Ld Wks..lSo —
B V W*s(3dm>.lol*» — Hana P C 0.... 17V4 18
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 — H C & S Co.. 49*4 50
Gas & Electric— Hutch S P Co. 63 6314
Cant Gaslißht.los — Mer Xx Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... 9Si 11 Oceanic S Co. CO% 62
Mutual El Co. 11H 11*4 Pac A F A... lfc 2%
Oakland Gas.. — 53 Pac C Bor C 0.106 —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 89 Par Paint Co. 7% —
Pac L Co 47V4 48%
Morninc Session.
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
25 do do 17 25
25 do do 17 374
75 do do 17 50
50 Hutchinaon S P Co 63 00
325 do do 62 75
50 Mutual Electric Light 10 50
M S F Gas & Electric Co 86 25
11 do do Bfl 00
30 Spring Valley Water 102 25
SO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 4R 00
?0 do do 48 25
220 do do 49 25
400 do do 50 50
250 do do 51 50
do do 51 25
160 do do 50 75
3?0 do do 51 00
100 do do 50 25
M> do dc 50 00
250 do do 49 50
25 do do 49 75
Ftreet—
$48SO U S 3s Bonds 105 00
Afternoon Session.
100 Anglo-Cal Bank.... 63 00
35 Giant Powder Con 68 50
10 do do ..58 12%
CO do do 5S 00
25 do • do 57 75
5 do do ..:...... i 57 62%
50 do do ..57 50
50 do do 57 25
2.'. Hana Plantation Co 17 87%
,35 do do ..17 73
2=. do do ....17 50
i 70 Hutchlnson S P Co 63 00 ,
25 do- do .....63 25
93 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. ...t 49 75
50 do do 8 30 49 50
75 do do 49 50
15 do do 49 87%
23 do do 8 10 .; 49 75
50 do do s 30." ....49 62%
13.1 Market-street Railway 56 00
15 Mutual Electric Light 11 50
45 S F Oas & Electric C 0.........: 86 00
35 Spring Valley "Water ......... 102 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning: Session.
110.000 S V Water 4n, 3d 155ue. .......... 101 62%
• 40 Market-street Railway 56 25
Afternoon Session. ■ /. ->;'*-.
. *5 Central Light & Power : 9 50
50 Mutual Electric Light 10 75
»00 Hana Plantation C 0..... ~.... 17 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were . the sales In ' the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta . " 08 200 Sierra Nevada... 95
Chollar .. 24; 100 ....... 96
»50 Con Cal.& Va...l 2." 200 .. 97
150 ..:... 120100 ........... 98
100 Gould & Curry.. 19 i 100 ; ......105
600 Justice : 19 JOO 110
100 Mexican ........ 29 sr.o Union Con 29
$00 Ophir 68 1100 Utah 15
100 Overman ........ 05 GOO Yellow Jacket... 19
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 10H0O Mexican 30
JOO Belcher 21,100 31
100 Best & Belcher. 36 300 Ophlr 67
300 Caledonia 25 : 100 Savagre 21
1100 Con Cal & Va..l 25 250 Sierra Nevada.. .l 06
50 Confidence 55 200 Union Con 29
200 Crown Point ... IS i 100 28
100 Justice 21 300 rtah 16
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
500 Alpha 0-4 iIOOO 19
40D Alta in ?00 21
200 12 100 23
600 Andes 10 :'(H) Mexican .' 29
200 Belcher 23 200 Ophir 68
200 22 GOO 70
200 21 TOO Savage 20
ISO Beet & Belcher. 3f 200 Sierra Nevada... S8
500 35 200 105
JOO 36 J4OO 110
ion Challeng-e Con... IS 800 1 15
100 Chollar 24 200 , 107 V.
JOO Con CzA & Va-..l 25 200 Ur.'on Con 26
W) 1 2TU 200 29
WO 130 300 30
500 Crown Point ... IS 500 31
W0 Gould & Curry-. IS 150 32
»00 20 I2no Utah 16
too Hale & Norcrs..l 25 300 15
[00 Justice 20
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 11 IFOO Savage 20
500 10|300 Sierra Nevada. 99
200 Best & Belcher. -ft 1250 100
100 Con Cal & Va...l 25 400 1 02V4
200 122^200 98
COO 1 30 JOO Union Con 2S
200 Justice 21 !00 , 29
400 22 100 30
100 Ophir 70JP.00 31
800 69 700 Utah 14
1200 68 300
W0 Potosl lfifiOO Yellow Jacket... 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Nov. 18—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bld.Ask.
Alpha C 204 Julia 01 03
Alta 11 12'justiee 81 22
Andes 09 lOiKentuck 05 06
Belcher 22 23 1 Lady Wash ... - 02
Renton Con ... - WlMexJcan 29 30
Best & Belcher 37 38 Occidental 46 —
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 70 71
Caledonia 24 25 Overman  05 C 6
Chollar 24 2.". Potosi la 1"
Challenge Con. 17 IS Savage 19 20
Confidence 54 —Scorpion 02 —
Coo Cal & Va.l 30 1 35,Feg Belcher ... — 0J
Con Imperial .. 01 02 < Sierra Nevada. 1051 10
Crown Point ..IS 19 Silver Hill .... - 07
Ton New York. — 04 Syndicate 03 —
Furrka Con ... i 0 —Standard .... ..170 —
Exchequer — 04 (,n!on Con .r... 29 30
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Utah 14 18
Hale & Norcrs.l 15 120 Yellow Jacket 19 :
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 19.
Sun rises ?:l?
Sun sets •••" •■• *„
Moon sets 11:05 p. m.
IH W
3.
NOTE-In the %>>ove exposition nor n tne uo«
the early morninftides are given In th« left
hand column and the successive tides of th.
day in the order of occurrence as to time, The
second time column gives the second i tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (-) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low water
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. B. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal., No
vember IS. 189 S.
The time ball on t..e tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at ■
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean * lme - ___
W. S. HTjGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Ell Thompson.. Seattle
Navarro Yaqulna Bay
Oeo. W. Elder.. Portland
Coos Bay Newport
Arcata Coos Bay
Profcreso Seattle
Corona !San Diego
Chilkat [Humboldi
Washtenaw Tacoma
Columbia IPortland
Del Norte Crescent City
Empire Coos Bay
Coptic China and Japan
Homer Coos Bay
Orizaba Newport
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound
Mackinaw |Tacoma .-••
Pomona ' Humboldt
Siam (Nanalmo
-Stat e Cal if ornia] Portland
Panta Rosa iSan Diegro
North Fork iHumboldt
Cleveland. IPuget Sound
Nov. 19
Nov. 19
Nov. 19
Nov. 19
Nov. 19
Nov. 20
Nov. 21
Nov. U
Nov. 21
Nov. 13
Nov. 22
Nov. 23
Nov. 23
Nov. 23
Nov. 23
Nov. 23
Nov. 23
! Nov. 23
Nov. 24
Nov. 25
Nov. 25
Nov. 25
'Nov. 25
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
Belgic China & Japan Nov. 19, 1 pmIPMSS
Santa Ro»a|San Diego Nov. 19, 11 am Pier 11
Signal Grays Harbor Nov. 20 |
G. W. Elder Portland Nov. 21. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport |N0v.21, 9 am Pier 11
Weeott Yaqulna Bay. [Nov. 21. 3 pmjPler 13
C. Nelson.. IPuget Sound. .Nov. 21, 10 am; Pier 3
Pomona JHumboldt .. . .'Nov. 21. 2 pmjPler 9
Queen iVlc & Pgt Sd.Nov.22. 10 amiPler 9
Chllkat IHumbnldt ....'Nov. 22. 2 pm; Pier 13
Arrata I Coos Bay iNov.22, 4 pm! Pier IS
Corona JSan Diego i Nov. 23, 11 am j Pier 11
Shantung: .. China& JapanJNov. 23, 1 pm PMSS
Columbia ..(Portland |Nov. 24, 10 amlPier 21
Orizaba iNewport Nov. 25, 3 am I Pier 11
State of Cal|Portland Nov. 27. 10 amiPler 24
SHIPPING 'INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November It.
Stmr Wolcott, Crockett, 5 days from sea.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eu
reka. •• - ' ■■ ■ ■". ' •
Stmr Pomona, * Shea, 18 hours from Eureka. :■'
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund," 15 hours from
Greenwood. . •
Stmr Queen, Jepsen. 64 hours from Victor!*
and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr City of Sydney, Pillsbury, 1$ days t*
hours from Panama.
Stmr George Loorais, Bridgett, — hours from
Ventura, Up river direct.
Br ship Fannie Kerr, Gibbon. 89 days from
Newcastle, NSW. v ...
Schr Monterey, Beck, 16 hours from Bowena)
Landing. • " •
CLEARED.
Friday, November IS.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego J
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas; Good
all. Perkins & r-
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, Panama, etc: Paclfla
Mall S S Co.
Br ship Star of Russia, Roberts, Portland;
TV R Grace & Co.
Bktn Archer, McAlman. Honolulu- Welch M
Co.
Brig Geneva, Aas. Mazatlan: I Gutt».
SAILED.
■ Friday. November 11.
Stmr State of California, Parsons. Astoria.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas.
Stmr Alliance.-' Hardwick, Portland, etc.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr St Paul, Hays. Manila via Honolulu.
Stmr Colon. -Mackinnon.' Panama, etc
Nor 6tmr Titania, Egenes. Nanaimo.
Ship Louis Walsh, Gammons. Tacoma.
Br ship Balaclore. Lloyd. Portland. '
Brig Geneva, Aas, Mazatlan.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Coquill«
River. •
Schr Mary Etta, Leland, Anderson, Bowen#
Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 18—10 p. Weather
thick; wind. W; velocity. 1 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Eurasia loads wheat and mdse for Liver
pool: In verlochy. wheat for Europe, 28s 9d.
The Alice Cook«" loads lumber at Port Gambia
for Honolulu : Spokane, same voyage; John A,
Briggs, lumber at Chemalnus for Cape Town,
62a 6d.
The General Neumayer loads wheat for Eu
rope, 27s 6d.
MISCELLANEOUS.
NEWPORT (Or.)— Nov 18— Br ship Atlanta,
from Tacoma, ■ for Cape Town ashore and %
total. loss at Algea Bay. Oregon. Two of th«
crew saved. Twenty-eight drowned. •
SPOKEN.
Per Wolcott— Nov 17 off Point Arena— Schp
La Glronde, from Grays Harbor, for Santa Bar-
Per Fannie Kerr— Nov 15 In lat 36 42 N lone
126 42 W, spoke Br ship Cambrian Queen, from
Astoria, for :'schr C H Merchant on sam«
day. hence Nov 14. for Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov IS— Fr bark General
de Charette. from Nantes; Br ship Falls of
Afton, hence Nov 4.
BAN PEDFtO— Sailed Nov 18— Stmr Sunol, for
• stmr Ruth, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 18-Schr Alto*
Co-" 1 from Port Townsend.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 18— Schr Mary Buhne.
hence Nov 3.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Cleon*.
hence Nov 16.
PORT TOWNREND— SaiIed Nov 17— Stmr
Alice Cooke, for Port Gamble.
GREENWOOD- Sailed Nov IS— Stmr Whltea
boro, for ftan Fr.inrieco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Nov 17— Stmr
Alcazar, for Pr>rt Los Angeles.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov IS— Bark Tidal W"av«,
from Pan Pedro.
Sailed Nov IS— Schr Annie M Campbell, for
San Diego.
Arrived Nov 18— Schr Comet, from San Pe
dro.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nov 18— Stmr Sequoia
hence nov 17.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 17— Schr Halcyon,
from Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 18— Schr Falcon, for
Dutch Harbor.
PORT ANGELES— Passed Nov 17— Ship Glory
of the Seas hence Nov 9. for Departure Bay.
In port Nov 17— Bark Louisiana, from Santa
RAcftiift; schr Robert Searles, from Chemalnus,
for Shanghai.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Nov 18— Ship
Henry Vlllard. for .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 17— Schr
James A Garfleld, hence Nov 4.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov IS— Stmr Cleveland,
hence Nov 14.
NEWPORT— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr Alcatraa.
trom Point Arena.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 18— Schr Dor*
Bluhm, from San Pedro; stmr Santa Crux, fm
Alaska.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 18— Nor bark Hav
fruen. from Honolulu: schr Occidental, hence
Nov 6; schr Helen N Klmball. hence Nov 13;
schr Laura Pike, from Manzanillo; bktn Moni
tor, from San Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived Nov IS— Stmr Westport,
from .
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 18— Bark Alex Mc-
Neil, hence Nov 1.
DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed Nov 18— Ship
America, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 18— Ship St Nicholas, henc«
Nov 3.
CALETA BUENA— Arrived Nov IB— Br bark
Hlddekei. from Accapulco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Tacotns.
from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Nov IS— Br bftrk
British Princes*, for Oregon.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CAN A COURT
BE CLOSED
FOR DEBT?
Justice Hard May
Bring Suit.
CASE WITHOUT PRECEDENT
FURNITURE WAS ATTACHED BY
A CREDITOR.
The- Forcible Closing of a Courtroom
Said to Be an Offense Against
the State's Dig
nity.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cail,
908 Broadway, Xov. 18.
The parties who attached the furniture I
of Justice Hard's courtroom in Alameda j
on Wednesday last may have to pay !
heavily f'.r so doing. Not only was the
furniture attached, but the officials also
locked up the courtroom, and it is said
this is an offense against the dignity of
the State of California-
Justice Hard has stated that he will
probably bring suit for $5000 damages
against the parties responsible for the
outrage cm his temple of justice. It is
true that Justice Hard in his Alameda
court was not overburdened with business,
but the room was a bona-fide courtroom,
and as such is said to be exempt from at- :
tachment. This Is the first time in Ala- |
medrt County— and perhaps in this State— ,
where a courtroom has been attached and |
closed because of a personal debt of the
Justice of the Peace.
Justice Hard has had a hard time since
he was lirst appointed by the Supervisors
about six months ago to take the place qt
the aged jurist Judge Swasey. The Audi
tor's office shows that for nearly the
whole time Mr. Hard has been qu
Dense justice in Alameda he dia not
make a dollar and had nothing to report. ;
\t the recent election Justice Hard ran
as ari independent candidate. He was ;
beaten by the old stand-by. Justice H. T.
Morris, and foon afterward his courtroom
was attached, hence the interesting situa
tion that has arisen.
BRIEF WAS HIS DREAM
OF MARITAL BLISS
A MARRIAGE BUREAU MATCH
ENDS DISASTROUSLY.
After a Year of Domestic Discord
George White Is Made Defend
. 1 - ant in a Divorce Suit.
ALAMEDA, Nov. IS.— George D. White,
an employe of. the Southern" Pacific Com- |
pany, is "firmly convinced that matches j
made' by matrimonial bureaus are not :
ho-ivling succcssesr The- -wind-up of a year
of domestic- discord is a divorce suit in j
•which Whit- is made defendant and his j
wife Agnes is plaintiff.
White tried matrimony back in I tan, >.
but It did hot Impress him favorably and
the nuptial knot was untied by a divorce
couri. . Ythen -he cam& ; to,Alam4da.Jie con
sulted'a, spirit medium. The medium re
ferred him to a Ban Francisco marriage
bureau and there he- met his fate..
White and Agnes were married Decem- ,
ber 16 'ISS7. They worried along until
April when, according to the wife com- |
plaint. White scolded her. He did more- ;
he called her a devil and declared he was
sorry he had ever married her. In July, I
it is alleged, he told her he was going to
kill her. and made preparations to carry
out his threat, but fortunately he relented. ,
The troubles of the Whites according ,
to the wife's statements,. reached a cli
max October 22, when she suggested that
it was nearly time to purchase her a new
bonnet. He flew into a rage and choked
her. beat. her and spoiled her beauty by
plowing up her face with his finger nails.
She left, him then never to return.
The divorce complaint was served on j
White this morning. . He filed his answer \
this afternoon. He denies all his wife s
allegations except the statement that he
told her he was sorry he ever married her. ;
He says this latter assertion is true, and
he reiterates it with emphasis.
GRIDIRON GIANTS TO MEET.
To-Day's Contest Between St. Mary's
and Santa Clara Colleges.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.— The football game
between the- rival elevens of St. Mary's
and Santa Clara colleges, to-day, at Cen
tral Park promises to be one of the most
interesting events on the gridiron. Both
teams have been in constant training for
tHe past month and are In the pink of
condition.
Brass bands from the two colleges will
enliven the proceedings, college cries and
songs will abound and general enthusi- ;
asm prevail. - The graduates from both
institutions have been invited, and many
have signified their intention of being
present. This is the second time that the
rival players will try conclusions. As both |
trams are big, muscular fellows and even- |
ly' matched as regards weight and sci
ence, an interesting game may be expect
ed. Admission to all sections is fifty i
cents; the large sale of tickets assures a
bi£ crowd of spectators. The pink and |
blue of St. Mary's and the red and white j
of Santa. Clara will ornament different j
portion of the grand stand set apart for
the wearers of the respective colors. The
game is scheduled for 2 o'clock.
The line-up will be as follows:
St. Mary's. Position. Santa Clara.
McOuire. Center Sylvia
McPonough.<C.)...R. Guard- L.... McKinnon
Brady 1,. Guard R..'.7. Graham
B. Porter ...r. Tackle r. .Dorn
A Porter..... l. Tackle It .....Garrard
Ma*rulre..' r. K n ,j £.... ........ ....Nihil
Butler 1,. End R., Finnegan
Welsh.. It. nn a if L....(Capt.) Coward
HiifT L. Halt Ii Garnot
Sommers Quarter O'Connor
Adam Full McGee
SUIT OVER -MUCH BETTER."
Mrs. I. F_ Bull Seeks to Recover the
Racehorse From G. F. Bunch.
OAKLAND. Nov. 18.- Mrs. 1. F. Bull,
wife of Dr. C. George Bull of A!ameda>
to-day, through her attorney, Alfred H.
Cohen,, filed suit against G. F. Bur- 1 , tor
the recovery of the 4-y;>.r-old mare
Much Better, or $2000. me value of the
raceho.TV. — ;tta)o additional as dam
s>Z*b for its wrongful retention
According to the complaint .Mrs Bull
has •'. een the owner of Much Better
since' November 17, IS9S, and the defend
ant came into possession through being
employed to dm., the mare during the
races. Much Better has carried off
honors in several races recently.
The Barron Estate.
OAKLAND. Nov. ;- urs Mary F
Barron, executrix of the will of William
H. Barron. illed an inventory to-day
showing 12X0.M4 93 to the credit of the es
tate with, the Union Trust Company. ~
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND. Nov. 18.— Company A, First
Tnfantry. has sent out invitations for Its
ihirty-eiffhth Thanksgiving ball to be
held Wednesday evening, November 23
Golden Wave Chapter. O. K. 8., gave a
prand concert at V. P. E. C. Hall, at San
Leandro to-night.
Mrs. Booth-Tucker of the Salvation
Army will give an address on the work of
the army at the First Presbyterian
Church on Thanksgiving evening. The
lecture is in connection with the Red
Crusade.
The exposition will be devoted to the
school children of Alameda County to
morrow.
MORE WIVES
THAN THE LAW
ALLOWS HIM
An Alamedan Wanted
for Bigamy.
GEORGE S. AMES' DUPLICITY
DESERTS HIS FAMILY AND
WEDS A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL.
Miss Tessie Skelley Inveigled Into ft
Marriage While on a Visit to .
Santa Rosa— The Couple
Go East.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 18.— Alameda's Free
Library is indirectly involved in another,
scandal. George S. Ames, a member of
the board of library trustees and a close
friend of John W. Harbourne, the <Ie- l
faulting librarian, is accused of being a j
bigamist. The records Bhow that he mar- j
ried Miss Tessie Skelley at Santa Rosa,
September 7, while he had a wife living
at 2232 Santa Clara avenue this city, j
Ames has had varied experiences in ,
matrimony. His first wife was a Miss ;
Church, from whom he secured a divorce |
in 1&90. His marriage to Miss Minnie
Perkins at Placervllle in 1891 marked his j
second venture, and his Santa Row.!
escapade was the crowning act of his j
m The al noU?o r of lC the marriage of Am.. |
and Miss Skelley was published in a
Ban Francisco paper, and was brought to .
the attention of Mrs. Ames No-* Bhe
instituted an investigation, which re- ,
suited in confirming her suspicions that
her husband was a bigamist. As near as
she was able to learn he had left the
State with his bride, and the pair were
last heard of in Chicago.
lines had not lived with his Alameda
wife since last January and had not con
tributed to her support for over two
years. In August she received a letter ;
from him stating that he had gone to ;
San Pedro to secure employment. Ames
attended a meeting of the library board
October 3, but did not call on his Ala- ;
ineda wife on that occasion.
Mrs. Ames No. 2 has decided to make
the best of a bad barKiiin and has placed i
her case In the hands of a local attorney |
to secure a divorce. She will not make a i
move to punish her erring spouse. But
Ames will not go unpunished if he can bo
located. Samuel Crooks, a brother-in-law ;
of his new wife, is hot on his trail. He
visited Alameda last night to secure cvi- I
dence against Ames to back up a charge
of bigamy, which he will nrnke against
him. j . _
Miss Skelley was a resident of San
Francisco. wh> re she resided with her pa
rents. She Was on a visit to her sister,
Mrs Crooks, at Santa Rosa when sh.- was
married to Ames. He became acquainted
with her in Snn Francisco and followed
her to Santa Rosas.
Ames was elected a library trustee about
a year ago and has tr.o years more to ,
serve. For a long period he was engineer
of tho f«rry-boat Piedmont and subse
quently had charge of the power house :
of the Alamoda electric road. Ames |
friends offer as an excuse for his action
the statement that he is not in his right
mind- It has been a matter of_comment \
for a long time that he was far from raj
tional in some of his transaction*.
Two years ago Am-*' first wife and:
their son. were found sick and destitute in
an Alameda lodging house. The case was
reported to the Masons, of which Ames i
was a member, and they persuaded him to
make some provision for them. A year
aaro when the father of his Alameda wile ■
died he did not attend the funeral. This
produced much unfavorable comment
among his friends and members of the
Ma.-unic fraternity.
VAINLY PRAYED FOR
A MIND DISEASED
CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS YIELD
TO SURGEONS.
* —
Failed to Restore the Disordered
Mind of J. J. Daniels, an .
Alameda Painter.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 18. -J. J. Daniels, a|
painter, whose house is at the corner of j
Pease and Encinal avenues, was taken !
to the Receiving Hospital to-day a raving
maniac. His case demonstrates that a
disordered mind cannot be restored to a ;
healthy condition by incessant praying.
Daniels showed symptoms ot insanity
last Sunday. A local institution of Chris
tlan Scientists took exclusive charge of i
his case. William Farewell, a leading
light of the Home of Truth, prayed with
the unfortunate man morning, noon ana i
night. As Daniels had a religious mania :
the treatment was thought to be appro
priate, but as the- praying progressed the
more violent became the patient. i
Mrs Daniels had faith in Farewc'l g
treatment and firmly believed it would j
cure her husband. To-day the Christian
Scientists gave up the case, as Daniels
had become so violent none of them had
the hardihood to go near him.
Deputy Shf-rlffs William Lane and Ed
White took the man to the hospital, and :
had an exciting trip with him. He is a
very powerful man and the deputies had
all they could do to restrain him. He
twisted himself into such a shape on one j
occasion during the trip that he managed ,
to get the toe of his shoe between his
teeth 'and pulled the shop off. He then
kicked out with his shoeless foot and
struck Dave Martin, who was driving the
carriage, in the neck. >
Besides having a religious mania
Daniels imagines he is a: Russian count
and the Prince of Wales.
Epworth League Alliance.
ALAMEDA. Nov. In.— The Alameda
County Epworth League Alliance htl«l its
quarterly rally last night at the First
Methodist Church. T. B. Hutohinson of
Napa delivered an address, dwelling on
the spirit and methods which lead to suc
cess in Epworth League work.
Alameda News Notes. ;
ALAMEDA, Nov. IS.— Petty thieves are
eiving the police considerable annoyance.
Last night a house in course of construc
tion on Sherman street, near Clintou ave
nue was entered and robbed of every
thing movable that was in it.
Mis Anita Tinoco was severely hurt
thie 'afternoon in front of her home on
Santa Clara avenue. She was about to
get into a buggy when the reins dropped
and she stepped in front of the wheel to
pick them up. The horse started up,
dragging her several yards, when tho
wheels passed over her.
Prosperous Republicans.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 18.— After paying all
bills incurred during the last campaign
the Alameda Republican Club has a bal
ance in its treasury of $31 50. The execu
tive committee met last evening and de
cided to deposit the money in bank, and it
is not to be withdrawn until the next cam
paign.
Seeking His Family.
OAKLAND, Nov. IS.— Thomas Vitiritti,
an Italian residing In Denver, has asked
the police here to assist him in locating
his wife and two small children, who left
Denver two months ago in company with
his brother-in-law, James Brannan. Viti
ritti says he is confident his family is in
this city, but he has found no trace of
them so far.
Deborah Dyer's Will.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.— The olographic
will of the late Mrs. Deborah H. Dyer,
who died quite suddenly while visiting
friends in Chicago on the 10th ins t., was
filed for probate to-day by Ralph B. and
Mary 8 Dyer, who are named therein as
executors. The estate is valued at $20,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
FIGURES OF
ELECTION THAT
ARE OFFICIAL
Gage's Majority tVas
Very Generous.
SOCIALISTS' SMALL VOTE
MRS. FANNIE PUGH FAR AHEAD
OF HER TICKET.
Assessor Dalton Obtained the Biggest
Majority of Any Candidate
on the Whole
Ticket.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Nov. 18.
The official canvass of returns of the
recent election was completed by the Su
pervisors this afternoon. The following
are the figures of the State and county
tickets:
Governor— T. Gage. 12.080: Job Harri
man, 436; James ; G. Ma«uire, S3OS; J. E. Mc-
Comas. 220: L. R. Ellert, 1. , nni
Lieutenant Governor— James Andrew, IW4;
Edward L. Hutchison, 6862; Jacob H. Sett. 12,
355- Robert Summers, 398; A. T. Fowler. 1.
Secretary of State— Charles F. Curry. 9520;
Emil Liess. 827; It. A. Thompson. 9925; J. W.
Webb 598.
Controller— P. Colgan. 11.862; T. L.
Hterlihy, 858; T. W. Maples, 6078; John Rob-
E. M. Dewey. 1014; Will S. Green.
7010; Truman Reeves, 11,478; C. .B. Williams.
650
Attorney General— H. P. Andrews, 6623; J.
H. Blanchard. 762; Tirey L. Ford, 11,704; A. F.
Strawm-Hamilton, 529. •
Surveyor General— l. H. Mulholland, 12;
J. George Smith. 1235: Green Spurrier, 70S;
Martin J. Wright, 11.480. ' -
Clerk of the Supreme Court— Lemuel D. Dib
ble 937; W. P. Bassett, 652; H. A. McCraney,
6156; George W. Root, 12.299.
Superintendent of Public Instruction— P. D.
Gallagher, 649; Thomas J. Kirk, 11.662; Fanny
M Pugh. 1360: Christian Runckle. 5863; Jane
A. Roulston, 708; J. P. Garliek. 4.
Superintendent of State Printing— Leroy S.
At wood, 609: A. Conti, 767; Alfred J. Johnson,
9941; F. I. Woodman. 851$.
Associate Justices of the Supreme Court-
William M. Conley. 7819; Thomas R. McFar
land, 9341; T. M. Stewart. 794; Robert Thomp-
MB 907; Walter Van Dyke, 8190; William C.
Van Fleet, £371. ■.-■■
Congressman, Third Congressional District-
Thomas F. Burns. 764; John Aubrey Jones,
6*13; Victor H. Metcnlf, 12,567.
Board of Equalization, Second District— Alex
Brown,- 9357; Thomas Scott, 9538; McCargar 1.
Railroad Commissioner, Third District—Ne
hemiah Blackstock. 11,148; J. L. Dryden, 7601;
McCargar.- 1; .C. F. French. 1.
Member Senate, Twenty-eighth District— A.
J. Burgner, ISS; E. K. Taylor, 4416; J. J. To
bin, 2249.
Member of Senate. Twenty-sixth District-
Frank W. Leavitt. 3584; Charles W. Logan,
19SS: J. W. O'Connor. 247.
Member Assembly, Forty-sixth District-
William McDonald. 1654; D. M. Teeter. 1014.
Member Forty-seventh ■ Assembly \ District—
William Allen, 189; E. A. Holman", '1182; Jo
seph Russell Knowland. 2701: J. D. Rogers. 223.
Member Assembly Forty-eighth District— W.
P. Courtney, 341: Joseph M. Kelley, 1372; Hiram
A. Luttrell, 671; John Ogden, 118; V. W.
Still, 25.
Member Assembly. Forty-ninth District — J.
C. Bullock, 965; C. L. Fnrsberg. 144; A. A. Mc-
Keen, 1047; J. W. Phillips, 74; William J.
Schmidt, 587. ■ • • • .
Member Assembly, Fiftieth District— J. A.
Bliss. 1S51; William H. Chapman. 145; Richard
W. Mcrrick. R. Wland, 72. .
Member -'Assembly. Fifty-first District— John
E. Bennett. 1605-, Michael Lesser, 162; G. G.
May. 146; Howard E. Wright, 2597.
Sheriff— W. H. Bone, 395; Thomas C. Land
regan, 6417; Frank H. Masow. 414; Oscar L.
Rogers. 10,839; Louis Schaffer, 4201.
County Clerk— E. J. Grebs, 561; Frank C.
Jordan, 10,083; H. B. Land, 331; Thomas C.
Stoddard, 9475.
Auditor— George Beck. ' 8015; J. Cal Ewing,
11.630; John Lavalle, 729; T. H. Montgomery,
4G3.
Assessor— Ralph R. Bird. 348: Henry P. I>a.l
ton. 14.460; John Hackett, 5038; Charles Har
der, 516.
County Treasurer— D. C. Brown, 2S7S; Charles
Chester. 445; Arthur W. Feidler, 9307; O. M.
Sanford, 6836; Jacob Sehelthe, 597.
Tax Collector— James B. Barber, 11,660; O.
A. Lane. 7627; F. M. Lorenz. 653.
Recor<lrr~A. K. Grim. 9053; A. T. McDnn
oush. 4.',;,7; Thomas P. Merry. 411; Allan Chork-
X . 280; '-harles H. Spear, 6240.
District Attorney— John J. Allen, 12,443; Frank
W. Sawyer. 7397.
Coroner — Michael Iverson, 590; James Mr-
Manns, 7674; 11. B. Mehrmann, 5925; James
Stark, 44.'; Jam»s Taylor 2634; S. S. Austin,
1; A K. Grim. 1: J. P. Martin, 2.
Public Administrator— Louis Harrison. 81f>;
B. C. Hawes. 10,616; Joseph Humphreys, 679;
George W. Kraft. 765*.
Suppj-lntenilent of Schools— T. O. Crawford,
W, . Mrs. J. D. ITassfurther. 455; M. A. Thomp
son. 455: C. D. Waterman. 5936.
County Purveyor— Thomas Edwards, 1T79: A.
R. Guppy. 4064: George L. Nusbaumer, 13,465.
The biggest majority on the county
tirkct is that of Assessor Dalton. with
9422 Surveyor Xupbaumer being next with
9401.
Mrs. Fanny M. Pugh of East Oakland.
th<- Prohibition candidate for State School
Superintendent, ran 1100 ahead of her
ticket.
POLITICS AND DRINK
TOO MUCH FOR HIM
STORY OF C. F. CLARK'S DOWN-
WARD CAREER.
Once Ran for Office, but Defeat Led to
Drink, Insanity and
t Crime.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 18.
"Dr." Charles F. Clark, charged with
grand larceny for having stolen a micro
scope worth $100 from the office of Dr.
J. C. Akerly several months ago, pleaded
Kullty before Judge Ellsworth this morn
ing and will be sentenced to-morrow.
Clark is the son of a prominent Ohio
physician. He tells a strange story of
his life. After having acquired a fine
education he was made county physician
;<t his Eastern home. He next ran for
Coroner, but was defeated by eighteen
votes. His defeat led him to drink, and
he finally landed in an insane asylum
with partial paralysis. Upon his release
he started for this coast, and until a few
months prior to his latest trouble he was
cook on a vessel.
His attorney, W. H. H. Gentry, has
made an earnest plea to secure clemency
from the court, and it is likely his sen
tence will not be as severe as usual in
similar cases.
slit With a Switch Iron.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.— James Blaker.the
young con of Charles H. Blaker, master
of the ferry steamer Piedmont and one of
the best known men on the bay, charges
John J. Conway, a streetcar conductor,
with an assault with a deadly weapon.
Conway is in the employ of the Oakland,
San Leandro and>* Haywards Electric
required to operate plain switches with,
while Blaker, though 17 years old, is a
mite of a boy for his age. The weapon
used was a swltchiron, such as earmerr
requireto operate plain switches with,
and about two and a half feet long. Tho
complaint was sworn to before Justice of
the Peace Lawrence in East Oakland,
and the accused man has been released
on $300 bail. The boy was stealing a ride
when Conway threw the iron at him.
Conway has been in the employ of the
Haywards line for some time. It is said
that he had been annoyed greatly of la-.e
by small boys jumping off and on his car
at the point in question, and that he had
been tantalized by Blaker until he could
no longer suppress his anger. The rail
way company put up the bonds for his
annearance at trial.
Lynn Was Sane.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.— John W. Lynn
has been held to answer before the Su
perior Court to the charge of assault to
murder hia wife, whom he shot five times.
His preliminary examination was con
cluded this afternoon in the Police Court,
and his bail was lixed in the sum of $10,-
000.
Lynn's attorney. Hugh Aldrich, made a
motion for the discharge of the prisoner
on the ground that he was insane when
he shot his wife. The motion, however,
was denied.
McKeen's Election Expenses.
OAKLAND, Xov. 18.—Assemblyman
elect McKeen did not spend his campaign,
fund through his purity committee, and
this caused a report to be published that
he had not spent a cent. His purity com
mittee filed a report stating that it had
not expended any money, but Mr. Mc-
Keen has also filed one stating that he
spent $75 in a legitimate manner.
Mr. McKeen's unusual method of pay
ing campaign expenses caused the error
to be made In print.
ALAMEDA WILL
CELEBRATE TO-NIGHT
REPUBLICAN HOSTS WILL IL
LUMINE THE CITY.
Big Parade to Close With. Oratory
at the Exposition
Building.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 18.
1 Grand, Marshal John Mitchell has com
pleted his preparations for the Republican
demonstration to-morrow night. He has
issued the following general order:
LINE OF MARCH.
Starting at Second and Washington. thence
to Fourteenth, thence to Broadway, thence to
Seventh, thence to Twelfth, thence to Harri
son, thence to Eleventh and Tabernacle.
FORMATION OF PARADE.
FIRST DIVISION.
Mounted Police.
Platoon of Police.
Rockets.
Grand Marshal and Chief of Staff.
Aids to Grand Marshal.
Band.
Union League Club of San Francisco,
Band.
Alliance Club of Oakland.
• Drum Corps.
Alameda Clubs.
Guests In Carriages.
Fire Works.
SECOND DIVISION.
Band.
Young Men's Republican League Drill Corps.
Drum Corps.
Phoenix Club of San Francisco.
Fire Works.
Drum Corps.
Army and Navy Republican League.
! Seventh Ward Young Men's Republican Club.
Sixth Ward Club.
All Oood Republicans.
The following assistants to the grand
marshal have been named: W. B. Prin
gle. chief of staff; aids. E. J. Parker. D.
J. Mullins. Harry Pulclfor. George Austin,
Clarence Crowell, Ray Baker, E. C. Lyon,
Hugh Dlmond, George F. Neece, Bert
Pugh, Judge A. A. Moore, Robert Price,
Frank Stewart, Frank Barnet, Harry
Newton, Richard Aver, Charles Ott,
Frank White, Arthur Wilson, A. S. Mc-
Donald, L. A. Stevenson, Bernard Ran
som?, W. H. Dickinson. Charles Roeth.
The ratification meeting will be held at
the Exposition building. The speakers
will be Hon. Jacob Neff, Hon. Ttrey L. j
Ford, Colonel Stone and some Alameda
Republicans;
PETERS' LIGHTS WERE
CARRIED INBOARD
COULD BE HIDDEN FROM VIEW
BY PASSENGERS.
Investigation Into the Bay Collision
Concluded and Case Submitted.
Decision in Ten Days.
The official investigation into the recent '
bay collision between the steamers Peters i
; and Czarina was concluded yesterday ;
J afternoon by Inspectors Bolles and Bui- ;
i ger and the case was submitted. Clement :
! Bennett, who was sworn in as United
States stenographer, will now transcribe i
j the evidence which will cover several j
i hundred typewritten pages. The inquiry' :
has been an exhaustive one and has been
conducted with as much dignity as a ju- !
dicial trial. The inspectors will render a
decision as to where the blame lies in
about ten days.
Chief Engineer David N. Miller of the '
Peters was the first witness on the stand
yesterday. He testified that when the
collision occurred he was coming out of ,
the Chinese steerage, having left Assist
ant Engineer Beare in charge of the en
gines a short time befure. Miller had
gone below to inspect the electric light
plant, as the lights on the Peters were
not burning as brightly as usual. He said :
his assistant, Beare, had no right to leave j
the throttle of his engine as he had testi
fied he had done. Miller said he bad
sometimes left the electrician of the
steamer to mind the engines, when he
(Miller) had other work to do. The elec
trician Is not a licensed officer. If the en
giiu-.< stopped the lights would go out. |
and if they slowed up the lights would
diminish In brilliancy, as the dynamos
were run by the engines. Ho thought the j
drowned Chinamen had ample timr to get :
out of the steerage, as he warned them at
least two minutes before the vessels came
together.
Captain Houldsworth of the Peters was
recalled and made the startling admission
that the side lights on his boat were car- '
ried inboard three feet above the hurri
cane deck and were liable to be obstruct
ed from view by the passengers who used j
the hurricane deck forward as a prome
nade. He did not know whether they •
were so obstructed on the night of the ;
disaster. He could not state the approxl
mate damage sustained by the Peters and
had not vet made a wreck report.
Captain Seaman said that in his report,
filed with the Custom-house, he had
placed the damage to the Czarina at
$10,000.
CHOCOLATE BONBONS.
Native Daughters of Buena Vista
Parlor Preparing for a Novel
Entertainment
Eighteen young ladies, members of
Buena Vista Parlor No. 68, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, have for
some time past been engaged in preparing
for an entertainment to given in Na
tive Sons' Hall on the 29th inst.. with all
the eclat that in the past has marked the
novelties that ihis very active parlor has
got up for the entertainment or its many
friends.
The novelty this time is to be "The In
fluential Order of Chocolate Bonbons," a
vaudeville in which each of tha eighteen
participants will be designated by a
sweet name, that of a particular bonbon.
There will be a presentation of a meeting
of the membership of the influential or
der, and an exposition of all the ritualis
tic work, the transmission of the pass
word, the giving of the grip and the se
crets of the organization will be exposed.
And all this by order of L,uclnda Jones,
the worthy high caramel, and Sophronia
Smith, the worthy recording gumdrop.
Under the head of good of the order there
will be given a medley of song, music,
specialties, witticism and all that goes to
make up an entertaining vaudeville show.
A Contract Laborer.
T'nlted States Immigration Commis
sioner North yesterday refused a land
ing to a contract laborer named Michele
Curto who came hither from British
Columbia under contract to work in the
Utica mine of Angels Camp, in Calaver
as County, for $40 per month. Curto made
a statement to Immigration Inspector
Geffeney to the effcet that he was 27
years old, a native of Italy, and had been
working in a coal mine at Comox, B. C.
He admitted he was under contract to
work in the Utlca mine at $40 per month,
and said he would not have come to the
United States if he did not understand
that he was to get that amount of wages.
Chinese Boarders to Be B«turned.
About 100 Chinese Immigrants confined
in the Hotel de Mongolia at the Mail
dock, are Indebted to the steamship com
pany for six months' board. These Chi
nese persons have been denied a landing
and have been waiting for corrected pa
pers from Hongkong, in the meantime
preparing evidence to show that they
were born on "Dupont kal" in this city.
The company has grown tired of feeding
the yellow-skinned slaves and will send
them back to China to-day on the Belfilc.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frederick L. and Faxon A. Macondry. Elena
A Eyre (Macondry) and Inez D. Moore <Ma
condry) to Emilia de t'rloste. lot on N line <.f
Jackson street. 137:6 W of GougH. W <*:9 by
N 117-lui-t- 110.
Enrique' and Arturo K. Macondry to same,
de Crtoste to Sophie Clayburgh (wife
Qf Simon), same; $10. ■-
~l.ouH:i P. Thomas to Alice M. Swett. lot on
N line of Sutter street, 100 W of Fillmore, A. j
25 by N 137:6; gift.
William B. Thomas to same, lot on N line
of Tine street, bo W of Broderick, W 2»:6 by
N X:«: gift.
William and Catherine Ede to Catherine Ede.
lot on NW corner of Seventeenth and Guer
rero streets, N 113 by W 100; $10.
Elizabeth H. Oulton to Williametta H. Cook,
commencing 100 W of Mission street and 262:6
S of Sixteenth. W 15:10'/fc by S 47; also com
mencing 100 W of Mission and 215:6 ri of Six
teenth, W 15:10 Vi by N 12:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Williametta H. Cook to James P. Oughtn,
lot commencing: 100 W of Mission street and
215:6 S of Sixteenth, W 10:10»,2 by N 12:fi; $10.
Same to Henry C. Bach, lot commencing- 100
W of Mission street and 262:6 S of Sixteenth,
W 15:10% by S 47: $10.
Justin and Philippine Ladagnous to Jean P.
Lartigare, lot on X line of fapp street. 140 S
of Twentieth. S 25 by E 120; $6500.
JoHeph F. Upson to Lilian I. Burdick. lot on
E line of Brooklyn place, 67:6 S of Sacramento
street. S £0 by E »7:6; $10.
Monique Laborde to Joseph Casson, lot on W
line of Seventh avenue, 25 N of Lake street, N
75 by W 114; $10.
George E. and Emmeline L. Bates to Ella
H. ( irmsby, lot on W line of Eighteenth ave
nue, 120 N of California street, N 27 by W 120;
$10.
Robert V. and Mattle G. Cunningham to Ed
win Lawrence, lot on N line of M street, 82:6
W of Tenth avenue, W 25 by N 100: $10.
Delos and Harriet A. Pratt to Sam P. Carl
son, lot 34, block 28. Sunnysldc; 1860.
Edward H. Kuhlman to Stephen Allen, lot on
W line of Chapultepec street. 60 N of Henrietta,
N 25 by W 70. lot 175, Heyman Subdivision of
Cobl. Tract; $275.
James D. Ralph to Jeremiah P. and Mar
garet J. Connihan, lot 12, block 227. ON.
and H. Tract ; grant.
Mary Crowley to Hannah Bagley, lot on NE
line of Fifteenth ayenue. 275 NE from >.' corner
of Fifteenth avenue and R street, NW 2i> by
NE 100, lot 36. block 234, same; $5.
Same to Margaret Draper, lot on NE line of
Twelfth avenue, 125 NW of N street, NW 25 by
NE 100. lot 30, block 227, same; $5.
Alameda County.
Louise M. F. and A. F. Brown, Amelia and
A. Klsellck and Albert Hammers (by commis
sioner) to G. Wempe, lot 16, block 38, Clinton,
East Oakland; $1002.
S. D. Merwin to S. P. Merwin, lot 32* and S
half of lots 321 and 322. block W, Beulah Park
property. East Oakland; srlft.
D. F. and Katherine E. Barry (by commis
sioner) to Carsten Xamanny, lot on NW cor
ner of Alcatraz and Shattuck avenues. N 240
by W 320, Berkeley; $3(i22.
Jesse L. Wetmore to Oakland Enquirer Pub
lishing Company, lot 22, block Al, map of sub
divided Quigley Tract, Brooklyn Township;
J650.
Daniel B. Hinckley to William C. Ralston,
lot on E line of Fruitvale avenue, 77:6 N of
Pleasant street. N 45. 5G by E 3. r >S.72. to correct
former deed. Brnr-klyn Township: $100.
Martha C. <Jabney to F. F. Barratt, lot B,
block 54, Alameda Park Homestead, Alameda;
no.
" Emily K. Latham .by attorney) to Harry L.
Holr-omb. lot 20, block C, Latham Terrace,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Maria Brown, lot S3, Elmhurst Park, Brooklyn
Townshlr: 110.
W. F. and Emily Hoffman to Alameda Sav
ings Bank, lot on XW corner of Pacific avenue
and Jay street, W 60, N 102.20, E 50. S 105.04
to beginning, being lots 9 and 10, block A.
Fitch Tract. Alameda; $10. Note— This deed is
given as full payment of 553 m 201.
Walter B. Blair to Alameda Land Company,
lot on NE corner of Clinton avenue and Chest
nut street, E 100 by N 150, being lots 1 and 2,
block N, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda,
to correct J7fl d 2XV $10.
Luzena S. Wilson to Harriet E. Turnbull. lot
68. map of Henry and Phillips subdivision. Bray
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $432.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Morgan, Cal E J Burnett. Seattle
Li B Bean, Mich S Stephen, Cal
W Newman, Gilroy A H Ewert. ITdah
F H Ransom, Cal D W Ravenscroft, Cal
C M Hartley, Cal J D Parish. Cal
J L Merkley. Cal F B Macklnder, Cal
J Ragglo, Angels |G A Kturtevant, Cal
H T}<ld, Oaklajid JF T Berry, Fresno
F E Simon.-:, S^cto W H Haytiock, S Jose
I Cohen, Sacto C Haydock, B Jose
Misb N Mallon. Cal S M Hapklns, N V
A H Redington, Cal T F Farnsworth, X M
T Troft. Cal J A Shipley, N M
Iflu Troft. Cal II T Andrews, Cal
J Troft, Cal I N Russell. Chicago
Mrs J A Gowan. Cal T E McFhane, I, Ang
A J Gowan, Cal J F Turner, Chicago
T M Boardman, Sacto B F Porter. Phoenix
T F Ricks, Eureka Dr A W Shields & w,
Mlas M Hitch. Eureka Ogden
E C Manasses, Or Miss A Rowan. Wash
S M Hask«ll, Pomona J T White, Seattle
B F Shepard, Fresno R F Stewart. Seattle
S F Maltby. L Ang W B Benjamin. Cal
E Miller, Stockton L L Green, OrovUle
J W Llnscott, S Cruz J F Doorance. Wash
O M Steele, Cal P Richards, Wash
F M Stern. S Jose J B Richardson. Cal
R B Follmer, Pa P Rhodins. St Louis
S S Holl. Sacto H H Harlow, Tulare
W S Wallace, Boston Mrs Goldman. Cal
R X P.ulU. L Ang Mrs J Goldman. Cal
W X Gerber it w. CallMUw I Abrams, Cal
Miss A Gerber, Cal T Hughes, Xcv
Miss I Gerber. Cal E A Donohoe, Fresno
A c Huston, Woodland 1 B B Peming. Auburn
F AN Bliss, B I'ruz J P Orozin. Boston
PALACE HOTEL.
E Baruch, N V J Woo.Uvorth, Portld
W Xehling. Yokohama Mr* Wondworth, Prtld
L Kln.c X V IE S Ives. Arizona
G/Tewk«bury. chicgo Mrs Ives &m. Arizona
CP Kappler, Canon S Il'iwat. Salt Lake
Mrs Kappler, Carson T Flint. S Juan
G W Maynard, X V |J Mackinnon, Vancvr
T Sanborn, Hawaii 'Mrs Macklnnnn, c &
ns, London m, Vancouv.-r
\ 8 mom, London H H Palmer. S Diego
\Y Huhbard, Salt Lake Mrs Ow.-n. Cal
\V H Sims. Saoto H Humphrey&w. Cal
X J Lyom, Portland H Stevenson. Menlo
Mrs Lyons. Portland L Einstein, Fresno
J M Wells St Louis |H H Knapp, Napa
M HoinHch. Boston I A B Cohß. St Joe
Mrs Helnrlch, Boston L C Kruger, Chicago
Miss Ileinrlch. Boston W II Kinna, Chicago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Miss Van Dusen. Sac J E Cate. Los Ang
W N Freeman. X V J N O'Connor. X R
M C Thompson. Cal :M H Bressett. stmr
Mrs M Thompson. Cal City of Sydney
c X Weaver. Healdbrg A D Renfro. St Louis
S Carr N V F M Colburn. Ixis Ang
L Hamburger, N V D T Hall. Boston
Miss Xde Cuiirney.NY Q Thomp*" 1 X V
W H Carew, X V !J I^elthead. Alcatraz
C G White. Monterey H E Pallton, Panama
T liiTt i ill M nistr.ukes, Aeapulco
B P Parker. X V iC II Davis. Term
Miss Melans, Livermor T Stockby. Palto Alto
G S fames Cal J Williams. N Orleans
F A Bondle'. St Paul S Cahn. X" Orleans
W Hamilton, Chicago E C Brooke. Los Ang
E B de la Guerla, L AJ Soule, Los Ang
J E Boyes, S L Obispo:
NKW WESTERN HOTEL,
r; Hrajthetta, Suisun |C Black, Irmwond
< W ICmbrey Term WL Freeman, \\ ash
Mrs C W Embrey. Ten Mrs Freeman, ■"'ash
M \ Mello. Stockton I B A Goble. Bakersflld
Mrs M A Mello, Stock! J W Keller. L Ang
B J White. Fresno IW W Phelps. S Jose
S Harvey. Tacoma Mrs Peterson, Ben cia
J W Boles. Fresno Mrs Wright. Benecla
L Ballard. S Jose J Rilley, Taenma
C G Downey. L AnR W 3 Dixon. Seattle
t> G Francis, Sactn Miss E Burns. Portlnd
\ L Slocum,' Denver i
OCEAN TRAVEL. ' ;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. :
'- - . . steamers leave Broadway
gjv wharf, San Francisco:
lit&s* Nov. r iTTtF&tu- &o!">:
f ttS\ra transfer at Seattle. ,
Bk9|^Al For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
WlmiZSltd&fii c ) Tort T<>wnsend, Seatrlf,
r^"^B«H Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
i ' . ;^ l «S^j^ and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
"^ a m.. Nov. 2, 7. 12. IT, 22. 2i.
ther^fter^ Monterey. San PJrneon.
F. t haiua *-'" •- • d (San mis Obispo),
mmmms
m For h further Information obtain folder. .
ai JricJ&s? f *O»inioK-4-- New Montgomery
St G(X.DALL Ce pEnKINS & CO.. Gen. Agt,..
OOt'LJAi.^, *-» Marta . t nt., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO :
PORTLA 3STID ;
From Sp*ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m. ' . '
PA DC $12 First Class Including Berthi
IMIIL $8 Second Class and Meals. ,
George W. Eldur sails Nov. 3, 12. 21, 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6. 15, 24, Dec. 1. .
State of California sails Nov. 9. 18. 27, Dec. 8.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all '. points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East."'. ;" ': -'
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
.' 630 Market street.
GOODAI4IV PERKINS & CO., :
Superintendent*. ■ \ji >,
* ■ ■ ■".■ '■.■'^ *J . ■ . j^^^-, „ 1
Ruction Saiee
GRAND AUCTION
__^OF— ' •
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS !
By AMIGO, EMPEROR OF NORFOLK. HON-
DURAS. DUNCOMBE. SANTIAGO, etc
out of such mares as VIOLETTE. SANTA
ANITA. ARITTA, BELINDA. FAME.
HOOK, BLONDE, FLORILLA, SAVAN-
NAH, etc \ '
Property of ■
E. J. BALDWIN Esq.,
• Santa Anita Stock Farm.
SATURDAY EVENING, November 19,
Commencing at 8 o'clock. '
At the Occidental Horse Exchange,
721 Howard St., between Third and Fourth. San
Francisco.
Horses at salesyard. Catalogues ready.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG, Proprietor.
ED. R. LOWRY of Louisville. Auctioneer.
SPECIAUIJCTION SALE
MADIGAN & McGOTVAN'-S LIVERY STABLE.
- ' 1123 MISSION- STREET. , \, ■', ..
MONDAY. :.-.;'. NOVEMBER 21, .1898.
At 11 a m.. we will sell, on account of disso-
lution of copartnership, the entire stock used
in their livery, hay and grain business, con-
sisting of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. No reserve or limit. ■
SULLIVAN & DOVE, Livestock Auctioneers.
Office -327 Sixth st. . ■ ■• ' •■
 OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compapie ? Generate Transatlantic
r ° (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ,
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday Cltt ICT
at 10 a. m., fro.m Pier 42. North ~*>—™rm
River foot of Morton street. . ... . "
LA 8RETAGNE.........:.. Nov. 26
LA TOURAINE Dec. 3
LA GASCOGNE Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE ...Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
Firat-olass to Havre. $90 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction- on round trip. Second class to
Havre $43, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FTIOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. .
PHHRBHA Wednesday, December
9ftflnlC sa!l9 f " r Honolulu
■ •^■■■■■W Wednesday. December
n —^ 14. at 2p. m.
ni^\T\ The S. S. MOANA
SlP^rn^nilJC/. sails %in Honolulu and
CylCaillJlliy '' Auckland for Sydney
/ofTIRJUTir* Wednesday, November
VwuibyuiM) j^^ at 10 _ m
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st. .
Freight office— 327. Market St., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS. .
FOB I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD.
Steamer "Moniicello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:46 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Dock, Pier 4.
Telephone Main 1508.
TAKE THE t BOAT TO SAN JOSE
Dally at 10 a. m. From. San Jose dally at 3:30
p m. Steamer Alvlso. Clay-street wharf. Far« I
to San Jose, 35c; round trip, 60c. Delightful
bay excursions. Telephone Main 1350. • .-
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Knickerbocker
Special,
FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
I\e>w York,
Boston,
Montreal,
Buffalo, -
Indianapolis,
Cincinnati,
Washington.
Finest and fastest regular train between Mis-
sissippi River and Eastern Seashore, over fcreat-
est system of transportation in the world — the
Vanderbilt Lines. •
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls, Wash-
ington, Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs.
This train allows half day's stop in St. Louts
and goes into the only depot in New York City.
C. W. GREEN, Traveling Passenger Agent,
Kansas City. Mo. • ; - -
A. J. WHITEHEAD, Traveling Passenger
Agent, Dallas," Tex. • : . -
\VM. P. DEPPE. Assistant General Passen-
ger Agent. St. Louis. Mo. • •"•■■••
California
Limited
Santa je Route
Connecting Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P; M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, .^, ..
Arrives in Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAI FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— B2B MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1631. .
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. ; ]'; ■ '
Sacramento Office— J Street. -
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via B*HMlita Ferry. ■ ■- -
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO HILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:20, •3:30, 11:00 a. m. ; »1:45,
8:45. 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Monday,,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00, *10:00, »ll:30 a. m.; n:l5,
1:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. .-..;.. . - . -,_;
Trains marked ♦ run to San Quentln. . ..
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. *6:35, 7:45, •9:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20. *3:45. 6:05 p. m. . "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. *S:00, . •10:00, *11:55 a. m. ;
I 1:15. *3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m. .
Trains marked* start from San Quentln.
! FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:55. 9:40. a. m. ;
12:35, 2:45, 8:50. 5:20 p. m. ..
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
I and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. _ -^
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a, m. : 12:05, 1:20, 3:20.
I 6:00,6:20 p. m. I . : -■■■■■.-■■■ .-■. -■ - -
- , r THROUGH. TRAINS. . . .
! 7:20 a. m. week days Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills - and way
. •tatlons. ■ -■■■■ -. ■ • - ■ ■' ■'■ ■
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mllla and way sta'».
THE SAN; FRANCISCO AND SAR JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, l!s»4, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. ; : , North-bound.^.
Piisen- Mixed. : Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday - Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations, Exc'ptd Daily.
B:2oam 10:30 am Stockton 3:45pm -s:sopm
10:10 am 2:05 pm . Merced • 12:40 pm 4:03 pm
11:40 am 6:30 pm Fresno ; • .0:20 am 2:32 pm
12:33 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am I:3spm
3:20 pm 12:30 am • Bakersfleld 2:3oam 11:25 am
12:58pm B:sopm Vlsalla . 6:4oam I:ls pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required. : j
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at ( p. m.
dally. :'_;v : ' . . " ..
For stage ■ connection* see official time table
or Inquire at Traffic Manager's Of floe, 321 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. ■
.•■.-■■..-. -'■:'-- . . -
£* KILLIP & CO.'S *a
First Winter Sale.
Five Ormonde Yearlings,
■ Five St. Carlos and ;
- One Morello
AT AUCTION,
By. order of W. OB. MAODONOUGH Esq.,
ON
Monday, November 21, 1898,
AT 7:30 P. M., AT
SALESYARD,
Corner Van Ness Aye. and Market St.
Catalogues now ready.
KILLIP & CO..
LIVE STOCK AUCTIONEERS; ..
■■.">■•>■ * ' v • 11. Montgomery street. - ' :
BAILE.OAD TBAVEL.
koutiusk* rAfiFic conrAinr.
: " . (pacific sytrricM.) •-..'■
TrolDi leave mil wre da* (a itrrlte At
MAN FKANCINCW.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
• rAT — From Nov. 3, 1898. — ahrtt»
"•6:O«a" •6:O«a Nlletj, San Jose »nd Way Stations... •*:•*** '
7:O«a Bonicia, Suiaun aud Sacramento.... 10:45*
7:OOa MarjsviUe, OroTllleaudKeddiug Tia
Woodland 5s5 s ; 5p
7:0« a Elmira, VacaTllle and Rutueey 8:43*
7:3» a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
OaHatoga and Santa Rosa 6:15r
SiOOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogdeii and Kaat.. S:«F
SiSttA Sail Jose. Stockton, Valley .Spring, .
" lone, Sacramento, MurysTille,
Chlco. Tehaina and Re.l Ulnff.... 4sl«p
8:8O a Stockton, Oaktlale and Jamestown. . 7» 1 5 c
•«t3OA Milton • • *7«1&*
»:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Merced
and Fresno. 1*:1»P
•>«OA Frnno. Itakersfleld, Bauta Rurliara.
Los ADgelea, Dcmiog, El Paso,
Now Orleans and Bast «:4ap
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
. tlnez ? : l?
1«:««A Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ''jj 5 '
•l:O«r Sacramento Hirer Steamers •O:O«r
I :«Or Niled. San .Toee and Way Stations ... 11 '■***
San Joee, Nilesan.l Way Stations... 1»:13a.
».-««p Niles, Tracy. Mendot*. HaDford and
Visalia - 4sl3 *
Lrferraore, Ban Jose, Niles and Way
Stations! $I«»1»A
«:««p Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejn.
Napa, Callstoga, Xl Verano and
• Santa ltosa... .'. •il»»
4:0«r Benida, VacavlU«, Woodland.
Knights Landing. Marysville, Oro-
»llle and .Sacramento l * : 3?*
4:30p Hay wards, Niles and San Joee 7:43 a
St«Op Martinez. Tracy, Mendota, Freeno,
Mojttve, Banla liarbara and Los
Ajigolos »«* a *
StOOpSanU Fo Route. Atliiutlc Bifress
for Moja»e and ICast. «i4Or
VSiOvf "Pacific Coast Limited," El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Bock. St. :
Louis. Chicago and East :.... |6i13»
o:3*FNilee, San Joms. Tracy, Lathrop,
Meroed and Fre5n0.......'. Sii^ilil
5:8»p8t00kt0u....... 1 5 : !!J 1 '
«iU»f Knropeau Mall. Ogdeii and Kaat.... 9:f »*
••:OW t> Vallejo : * 1»i1 OF
17:<M>p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- _
tions I t9:4-1r
8:00p Oregon K*i>rejs,Baorainento. Marys,
vilie, Reading, Portland, Puget ,
■S.iiiii.l ai»d Hast 8«la*.
SAN LKiSKUO AM) lIAVWAK^S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ;
1 Helmut-, Seminary Park, f
8:OOa rilrhlmrK. Klßiluirst, 2:i?*
A Saa LeauJro, SoHth San 'JSjiat
1I«-«om ' ' Loren«o, Cherry • ( | s 4sp
j il':O«p , * nd , X*:i*?
S:OOr .- Il»; iT»nN. J5:45-
7<«op i Buns through to Niles. 7i45p
,/ i From Nilos. I &
' COAST DIVISION (Narrow Online).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:18 a Newark, Ban Joae.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and Way
Stations sis«f
■SilSr Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Feiton, Boulder Creek,
r - Santa Cruz and Principal Way
1 Stations ** O:5O*
4il3p Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos... *:20a
♦I li43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and ■ _
-, Way SUtions t7;2ei
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSlK FRANCISCO— foot of Mirket Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. J1:OQ *3:00 |3:CI
•4:00^ JB:OO »6:00 p.m.
rrtmOttUNS— Foot »fßr««d way.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
»2:CO *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:00 •5:00 p.m.
COAST IM VISION (Broad «auge). ~~"
(Third and Townsond Sta.)
7:UOa San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) '.. li3Oi
9:OO* Hun Joae, Tree l*in<i«, N»uta Cms, .
Pact lie Grove, l'uu Hnbles, San
I.vis OUispo. Giiadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:lOt
. IO:IOa Sun .lone mitl Way Stations *8:OO«
11:»Oa San Jose an.l Way Stations S:B3j
•a-.43r San Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Gllroy, Holllster, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey aud PaciQe
Gro»e ■•M«S6|
•iliSOp San Joae and Way Stations # 9:« M»»
• 1:11 S- Kan Jose ami Principal Way Stations . 0:434
•."V.-OOp San Jose and Prindpal Way Stations 6:35j
5:SOp San.7os«aiiilPrinci»al Way Statious »:30i
O:.1Op San Jose and Way Stations 7jBOi
fll;4Sp San Jose and Way Stations 7:30 i
~ A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• fhimlaya excej>ted. 1 Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays onlj
«| Mondays and Thursdays. {Saturdays and Wednesdays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
m FBARCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
IttamlMli *&* «l lUrkat Si
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL*
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:J5.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00. a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. • • " ■-
1 SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— €:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:«.
8:46, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ■ ' .
; SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Part
same schedule as above.
' Leave I Arrive ' .
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— — — — — — October 16, ' ■
Week Sun- 18!»S. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami B:4oam
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pin 6:22 pm
■ ; Fulton,
7:3oam • ' : Windsor,- • 10:23 am .
Healdsbur;,
. . -."< . Lytton.
GeyserviUe, :
8:30 pro 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
: Hop land and
| 7:30 am 8:00 am Vklah. 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am - ' 10:25 am
;•• 8:00 am GuemevtUe. 7:35 pm
B:3opm 6:22 pm
7 -30 am 8:00 am - Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
■ - ; • and --<•..-
6:lopm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:2* pm
7 -30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 ami 10:25 am
B:3o pm| s:oo pui| ■ ' 7:3s pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
j servllle forSkaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for •
' the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
' Highland Springs, KelseyvlUe, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Eartlett
■ Springs: at Uklah for Vichy. Springs, Saratoga
: Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
j Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
! John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's.
; Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. BoonevtUe. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal,' Willitts. Laytonvill*. Cum-
1 ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, :
Scotia and Eureka. .; .
Saturday to Monday round* trip tickets at
! reduced rates.
i On Sundays . round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. »;,•:::-
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids;. .
H.C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HQUHT TAUALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, . commencing . Sunday,
' Sept. 11, 1898: , . .
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m..
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
1 THOS. COOK & SON. Agents. 621 Market,
street. San Francisco. ... .
V^^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, ;
JLvrsJvSl 025 KEAItXY XT. Established • '
nFflr^Ssß l<> 1834 tor the treatment of Private ■.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, ':
625 KEAR3TY «T. Established '
In 1*54 for the treatment of Private
I)ise«s<*«, Lost Manhood. Debility or
B|(9KS«Efi disease wearing on bodyand mind and
S^SHISSi Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when .
i*i^^^W«&l others fall. Try him. Charges low
; BSbHEH^H CareiKnaraßtrrd. Cailorwrlte.
1 Dr. J. V. UIBBONi Box 1957 , San Francisco.
1112
PAID THE WAR CLAIMS.
Successful Mission of Adjutant General Barrett to
Washington.
THE credit belongs to Adjutant General A. W. Barrett of securing for Califor
nia the first full settlement of State war claims. Many claims were niea in
advance of the California filing, but the system of exacting vouc^ ers *' 'Jell
ervthing supplied was so rigidly adhered. to In the organization and equipment
of the' California forces that General Barrett was able to present ©very cner
demanded by the Auditor. The result was a full settlement and prompt reim
bursement for all moneys expended by California in the calling out o LV" ° the
The United States Government drew a check for J53.000, which will cover tn«
whole amount expended. ™mtnrv an.
In the settlement Auditor Brown paid a high compliment to the mi lit ary au
thorities of this State, and particularly commended Governor Budd for the excel
fence of his military administration. In Washington General Barrett and Colonel
J F. Burgin were cordially received by President McKinley. It was General Bar
rett's pleasure to deliver to the President a message of greeting and wishes roma
good health from Governor Budd. The Governor's admiration of the JPresW ent a
excellent administration was expressed, and in return the rtivt*ntgener£lett
on his homeward night from the Potomac bearing a meßsage from the Pres dent
to the Governor of California, in which the Governor's administration _ was highly
commended. While remembering the Governor and wishing him health and pros
perity. the President paid a high compliment to the noble First Repmen of
California United States Volunteers at Manila. The President also promised
himself the pleasure of visiting the fair State of California before his term of
Offl Generai re Bairett brought from Washington the acknowledgment given here
with from William Wallace Brown, Auditor for the War Department.
THE WISCONSIN'S PLACE
TO BE TAKEN BY OHIO
BRIGHT PROSPECTS AT THE
UNION IRON WORKS.
Irving M. Scott Personally Superin
tends the Launching Arrange
ments of the Battleship
Next Saturday.
There is a* bright prospect for the me
chanics and other workmen at the Union
Iron Works for the next two years. Just
as soon as the Wisconsin is launched
next Saturday morning the Ohio will be
started on the same slip. Yesterday
Irvir.-r ML Scott personally superintended
the laying of the ways under the Wis
consin's keel over which she will glide
into the waters of the bay at 9:30 o'clock
next Saturday morning.
The Ohio will be the largest vessel ever
built on the Pacific Coast, her tonnage
will he 12,500, 1000 tons in excess of that
of tho Wisconsin and 2000 more than the
Oregon; her length will be twenty feet
more than the Wisconsin, while the draft
— twenty-three feet— is the same. The
Wisconsin is expected to make sixteen
knots;, wehreas the Ohio will have to make
eighteen before her acceptance by the
Government.
On slip Xo. 2, where Admiral Dewey's
flagship, the Olympia, and the San Fran
cisco were built, the keel of the Wyoming
will be laid as soon as Irving M. Scott
receives official instructions from the
Navy Department in Washington re
garding the contemplated change of plans
In the construction of the vessel. In ad
dition to these two vessels the nion Iron
Works lms contracts for quite a number
of smalli-r craft for the United States
Government, among whichare the Prehle,
Paul Jones and Perry, three torpedo
boats of 400 tons capacity.
Hospital Free Bed Fund.
There will be 280 contribution boxes of
trie Red Cross Society placed in the dif
ferent business places in this city next
JONES CAN'T SUE
FOR DAMAGES
CHINESE Interpreter David D. Jones Is an injured man, hut It has
been both his good fortune and his bad fortune to have profited and
not to have profited by his injury. This paradoxical condition
of affairs was brought about by the recent accident to Mr. Jones, an
account of which was published in the newspapers a few days ago. An
iron picKet from a cornice railing fell upon his head and lacerated his
skull. It was a glancing blow, and its force was deadened by the stiff
Derby hat he wore, otherwise he would have been instantly killed.
Previous to the accident, which deprived him of about half a pint of
rich Welsh blood, he had been feeling heavy and out of sorts for weeks.
For months past all his spare time had been occupied in the perfecting
of a system of shorthanding the Chinese characters. His physician had
advised him to take a rest, his arduous labors and overstudy having
brought about a congestive tendency in the head. Jones could not afford
to take a rest unless his landlord and his butcher and baker and grocer
did the same, the smallness of his salary being more than compensated
for by the largeness of his family.
But the blood-letting proved to be better than a vacation. After spend
ing a few days in bed under the care of a surgeon, Mr. Jones returned
to his rfuty as bright as a summer morning. All the old congestive symp
toms had vanished and he declared that he felt twenty years younger.
"I can't recover damages against the owner of the building," said the In
terpret er. "because he could prove that I was benefited at least $5000 by
the bleeding, and because the only damage 1 sustained was a broken
Derby hat and a doctor's bill. He has paid the doctor'B bill and the price
of a new hat, and that's all I wanted."
Monday. These boxes will be under the
direct supervision of Chief Lees and will
be opened only by his agents. The
proceeds of the boxes will be de
voted to the free bed fund of four
local hospitals— the Home for Incurables,
the Hospital for Children, the California
Women's Hospital and the Mount Zion
Hospital. For some time the management
of the hospitals has maintained its free
beds with much difficulty, and this means
of relief will doubtless meet with libtfal
public patronage. Special collections were
taken up in all the churches in San Fran
cisco last Sunday for this purpose, and
two churches which have already reported
have handed over $200.
Culver's New Calendar.
R. K. Culver, a former member of Ihe
Call's art staff, has added to his rapidly
Increasing reputation as an artist by the
production of a unique calendar for 1899.
The calendar represents the various con
ditions of the college chap during the
various months of the year, and is pre
pared in a style peculiar to Mr. t ulver,
which attracts for the artist much praise.
A little over a year ago the gentleman
severed his connection with The Call and j
resumed his studies at Stanford Univers- j
ity, taking a. complete course in the art I
school at that place.
Whist Tournament.
A preparatory tournament to the fifth
annual meeting- of the Pacific Coast Whist
Association will be held in this city Friday
and Saturday, November 25 and 26, In the
rooms of the San Francisco Whist Club,
326 Post street, and the Trist Duplicate
Whist Club, 711 Jones street. There will
be eight contests, and on Saturday even
ing the San Francisco Whist Club will
give its regular monthly reception. Prizes
will be awarded the winners of each con
test, and all matches are to be played
under the new code of laws governing
duplicate whist.
Bankruptcy Cases.
Henry A. Hebard of Alameda yester
day filed a petition in Insolvency in the
UnitPfl States District Court. He owes
JUG" 97 and has no assets.
George R. Starr, of George R. Starr &
Co.. and the "Berkeley Cash Store," and
Charles B. Chase of Oakland were grant
ed their final discharge in bankruptcy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
THE RING HAD
TO LENGTHEN
THE PRICES
Slack Business at In
gleside.
FAST VENTORO WINS AGAIN
MARPLOT CAPTURES ANOTHER
PURSE.
Bernardlllo Finished in Front of His
Field— Pat Morrissey's Ad
mirers in Clover — Cabrillo
Was Beaten,
Good prices were obtainable against the
different winners at Ingleside track yes
terday, but the coin seems so Irretriev
ably pocketed that the ring made Instead
of losing money. Three of six choices
won, but they were lost sight of in the
rush to get aboard what the wise set were
playing.
In the opening event for two-year-olds,
Ventoro, on his recent runs, looked the
best, but his odds drifted back from 3
to 2 to 5 to 2 and higher. With Eddie
Jones on his back, he made all the run
ning, and won at case from Lo« Medanos.
It got about that it was the day for
Espionage, and there was a stiff play on
Ezell's filly. She finished fourth, behind
the outsider Casdale.
The original second race was declared
off and a seven furlong selling affair sub
stituted. The crowd settled on Lost Girl
as the probable winner, but she seemed
unequal to the task with Bullman in the
points. The uncertain Marplot, against
which the ring laid 6 and 7 to 1. got
through next the rail at the head of the
stretch, winning leisurely from Judga
Stouffer.
The mile and a quarter run was some
thing In the nature of a cake walk for
Bernardillo, ridden by E. Jones. The
hooded horse cut out the pace, and hav
ing nothing to beat, galloped In two
lengths before Personne in 2:05 ! ,4. Red
Glenn found the route too far.
Dan Honig's black sprinter Ed Gartland
at last managed to get away from the
post in the front file, and made a gallop j
of the five furlong scramble. '"Skeets ' |
Martin had the leg up and experienced no •
difficulty in beating Toribio, the nearest
neighbor. First Call, which was played
down from 15 to 7, was cut off soon after
the start, but finished well, securing the
show. I
Eddie Jones won his third race astride |
Pat Morrissey in the fifth event, a six
furlong spin. Thirteen to five was chalked j
against the gelding, and jumping away
ahead of his field at the start, won all
the way. Imperious experienced no diffi
culty in taking the show from Colonel
Dan. Our Climate, the favorite, was slow
to break, and never looked dangerous.
It looked as if Cabrillo had struck his
Class in the final mile run, decided under ;
selling conditions, and was installed a 6 j
to 5 choice. Jones hustled him away In j
front and the bay horse ran flatteringly
for nearly six furlongs, when he began ]
to back up. Stepabout. in first position
after a quarter had been covered, then,
won cleverly from the late comer, Tom
Calvert.
Track Notes.
The Baldwin yearlings will be sold at
the Occidental Horse Exchange to-night.
Charley Thorpe was a spectator at the
track yesterday. He will probably be
seen In the saddle again to-day, as his
wife, who has been lying dangerously ill
at Sacramento, now shows signs of im
provement.
Eddie Jones appears to be regaining his
old form. If he continues riding as he did
yesterday, popularity will quickly be his
again. His handling of Ventoro, Bernar
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE BACE TRACK, Friday, Nov. 18, 1898.— Fifth day of
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track good.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
Qrte- FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $400.
Index.. Horse.
%m.
%m.
Str.
(174) Ventoro < 11
203 Los Medanos 11
2f« Casdale 1'
201 Espionage 1!
203 Olinthuß V.
KM Li me water -
189 Jennie Reid l:
2
4
1
6
3
5
7
...
...
1 1
2 1
3 1
5%
C 1
4tt
7
1 IV4
2 1
n
6 4
6 2
7
1 2
2 1
4 1
3 V 4
6 2
6 3
7
1 2
2 m
3 h
4 1%
6 2
6 10
1
E. Jones
Rutter
3-2
2
25
6
4
8
6
5-2
4
60
3
7-2
13
30
Bullman
H. Martin
11.
IShields
Everaon
IPiggott
Time 1:14 V». Winner. H. Byrnes & Co.'s b. R. by imp. Golden Garter- Ventura. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Ventoro easily the best. Casdale is of the Improving sort. Espionage was played,
but seems away out of tune. Ollnthus needs a let up apparently.
and upward; purse, $400.
nnn SECOND RACE— Seven
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
I<<« Marplot, 3. %
211 Judge StoufTer, 4...
216 1./Of>t Girl. 4
214 Hohenlohe, 3 !
222 Babieca. 3
(209) Una Colorado, 6 :
6
2
1
3
4
5
5 1
1 1
3 H
2%
6
41
6
1 1 .
3 %■
6 V*
4 Vi
2 h
6
14
3 U
2 Vt
5 V*
4 1
4 2
1 H
3 h
2V4
6
52
1
2 2
3 2
4 2
5 2
6
Woods
H. Martin....
Hull man
E. Jones
J. B«lff
Plggott
6
3
2
$
S
3
5
8
7
5
9-2
Time. 1:29. Winner, Burns _ Waterhouse's b. c. by Imp. Rossington-Marjory. Good
start Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Marplot ran one of his good races. Throw Lost Girl's race out. Babieca waß heavily
backed, but cut a small figure. Una Colorado was outclassed.
AAiy THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling;
J, Jm i • purse. $400.
four-year-olds
and
upward ;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. I
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Std.
Mm. %m.
■Sim.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
216 Bernardillo, 4 104
204 Personne, 4 104
200 Red Glenn, a 104
210 Bename'.a, 5 104
204 Twinkle Twink. 4. .104
\>ig T^prnardillo 4 :::::::!" 1 2 2 2 1 I^l2 13 1 2 E. Jones ::: 7-5 9-6
2W plr^onn" 4... 104 55 5 4H 3 % 3*2h Walnright ... 8-5 9-5
MO Re" G?enn a ......KM 231 3 2 3 2 2 1 55 32 St.: 4 j
110 BenaSeia. 5. 4.. 104 4 13 4 3 5*4 < 14 5 6 415 Gouln 4 IS
•HU Twlnkl* Twlnk. 4. .10* 4 4h 4h 5 -.5-- S 5 Gouin lo 15
1
5
2
3
4
2 2
G
3 1
1 3
4 h
2 1
5
3 2
1 3
4 h
1% ■ '
4 '-4
32
2 %
5
12
3 Vi
2 1
4 4
5
1 3
3 Vi
2 h
4 6
5
1 2
2 h
3 2
4 15
5
E. Jones |
Walnright ...
r.ullman
Rutter
jGouin
Time, 2:osi,. winner, J. Coffey's b. g. by Kmperor of Norfolk-Jennie B. Good start.
■Won fas'lly Second and third driving.
Bernardino oattilaMed his company. Walnright on Personne made a. bod mess of It.
Ton far for Red «'.|rnn.
Q4>C FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Ace. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Rtr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
107 Fd C.Ttland '.!:::::101 4 ... 11 18 12 II Iw. Martin.... I ?-2
m foriblo 3 /.. i 05 2 ..: 2* 3 1 2 1 2 4 Frawley 3 9-2
First Call 3 111 j: ... 715 725 6% 3 1 IRutter ....... 6 7
209 iidv Britannic "i 107' « ... 6 2 6 3 4 1 4V, |I. Powell .... 12 30
211 Little Alarm. 3. 104 5, ... 3H l« 3 2 5 2 Jones 5 4
209 Tom SmUn?\ 3 ::::^ i ... 41, 51 II 625 Bullman ..... 30 E 2
?ru TJIUi Rucker 3 95 8 ... 8 8 8 7 2 Woods 3 6
.„ Flora Hawks, 3... .105 7 ■■ ■ 5 2 42 . 715 8 |Beauchamp .. 12 40
Time— l:ol%. Winner. D. A. Honig's blk. g. by imp. Albert-Piazza. Fair start. Won
easily Second and third away "well. First Call was backed for a "killing," but he had a
Gartland finally got away well. First Call was backed for a "killing," but he hnd a
stormy trip. Little Alarm lost her speed. Rucker was away very badly.
4
2
3 .
S
I
1
8
7
•
1 1
2 *
7 15
6 2
3 H
4 1 .
I
5 2
1 3
8 1
7 25
6 3
2 %
6 1
8
4 2.
1 2
2 1
5%
4 1
3 2
« 3
8
7 15
1 6
24
3 1
4 %
6 2
6 25
7 2
8
w. Martin
Frpwley
Rutter
I. Powell
Jones
Rullman
I Woods
Heauchnmp ..
229 FIFTH
; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
205 Pat Morrisiiey, 4— I
212 Imperious, 3
22'T Col. Dim, 3 1
(2H) Our Climate. 6 '
IKS Fleming:. 3
212 Ockturuck. 3 '
ins Magnus. 3
1
2
3
6
5
4
•
1 1
2 214
36
6
5 2
4 2
1 2
2 2V4
3 10
6
!i*
.4 1.'."
1 3
2 6
3 15
4 V 4
B 4
6
1 3
2 10
8 3
42
5 5
6
>nrs
r ard
iKKOtt
utter
'i well
ninrlght ...
T.-2 13-5
12 8
7-2 IS-5
9-5 7-5
IS 20
20 60
10 16
jllman
•Left ?»--~r V! r
Time— l:l4%. Winner. F. McMahon's b. g. by Lord Cllfton-Tennie B. Bad start. Won
easily. Second and third driving.
Pat got all the best of the start. Climate was flat-Hooted when barrier went up.
Imperious runs well with light weight up. . . , -... v .:.-..
qoa SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling;
upward ; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
164 Stepabout. 8 98
214 Tom Calvert, 8 101
214 Kruna. 4 100
214 Stan Powers. 3.... 107
2ir Cahrillo, 6 109
4
5
2
3
1
4 1
3 % .
E
2 h
1 H
y*m.
1 1
3 h
4 >,i
5
2*4
%m.
%m.
1 2
2 h
4 ',4
5
3 2
Str.
1 1
2 3
4 %■
5 %■
5
1 V,
2 2VS
3 2
4 2
5
.n
rttn ...
4
11-5
20
6
1
3
4
25
6
6-5
Time — "Winner," W. Fisher's br. f. by Imp. St; George-Gadabout. Good start. Won
first three driving. • . „ _,
It was a bad race, Cabrlllo blew up after traveling six furlong*. - Stan Powers only
« cheas plater. : • .
dlllo and Pat Morrissey was all that could
be desired.
Beauchamp was set down by the judges
for his ride on Flora Hawks, and the offi
cials undoubtedly erred. She is a fast
filly, but likes to back up. and never dur
ing her racing career beat anything or
any Importance. Another thing, she
broke several lengths behind the bunch
and couldn't have won with an electric
battery In the saddle.
"Virginia" Carroll caused a little ex
citement by a bit of repartee he engaged
in with Fred Anderton. Jim Nell took a
hand, and soon things resumed their
usual calm.
The sale of yearlings by the great
Ormonde on Monday evening next by
Ivillip & Co. Is causing considerable talk
among horsemen here, and much specula
tion is indulged In as to the prices they
will bring. They are pronounced a
superb-looking lot of youngsters, and can
be inspected to-morrow at the salesyard,
corner of Market street and Van Ness
avenue.
Johnny Woods rode a race on Marplot
that would be hard to beat. The boys
were also obliging enough to let him
through on the rail.
Just after passing the wire, Personna
stumbled and fell, letting Wainwrlght
down heavily. He escaped with nothing
more than a slight rap on the head.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Five furlongs; selling:
167 Rio Chico lOi (20S)Obsldian 109
225 Limewater 1091 160 Sam McKeever. loS
139 Almoner 99 ... Stamina luS
202 Headwater .... 11l I
Second Race — Seven furlongs: purse:
... Yorlck 114 , 193 Fongo 112
224 Durward 1141 IS3 Inverary II ....109
217 Filou 122: ...Sokombeo 114
Third Race — One- mile; ypeclaJ:
(2O4)Mlstrai 10S(222)Ostler Joe- 114
(206)Morelllto 10:"., 222 Roslnante 102
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; two-year-old nl
lies, San Francisco Etakes:
(218)Reina de Cuba..llol 21S Elizabeth R ..103
(184) Jingle Jingle ..110 ... Miss Marlon 115
199 Mldlove Usl
FKth Race — Short course steeplechase:
62 Huntsman 1591 217 Tortonl 1M
... lieno 164 165 San Carlos 125
Zl7 Rossmora 164 217 FUou 129
Sixth Race— furlongs; selling:
712 Moconto 102 1 217 Juanlta 107
209 Aluminum 92 223 Little Alarm ..102
228 Flora Hawks... 92! ... Churea 109
(197)Amasa 105 I 221 Mainstay 103
First Call 95 !
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Obsidian. Sam McKeever, Head
»a*er.
Second Race — Inverary 11, Torick, Pongo.
Third Race— Ostler Joe, Morellito, Raiinante.
7 curt!. Hace— Uidlove, Jingle Jingle, lieina
di Cuba.
Fifth Race— Tortoni. Huntsman.
Sixth Kace- Amasa, First Call, Little <i.lar/n.
HANDBALL GAMES
AMONG AMATEURS
A handball tournament, which promises
to furnish some exciting sport, has been j
arranged between the Ariel team, consist- j
Ing of Colonel J. R. Bockman, D. A. Shee- ]
han, Edward McDonough and Edward J. j
Lynch; and the Olympic team, composed j
of Dr. W. H. Sleberst, S. V. Costello, J.
H. Kedlan and W. L. Waterman. The
tournament is to take place at the San
Francisco Handball Court, Howard street,
between Fourth and Fifth, commencing
Sunday. November 20, at 9 a. m., and
continuing every Sunday until Sunday,
December 11. which will be ladies' clay.
The teams are well matched and the re
sult of the tournament is awaited with i
much Interest. The losing team is to pro- j
vide a supper to the members of the j
winning team and their lady friends.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
Vampires Play Against r. Team of
British Sailors at Golden Gate.
This afternoon the Vampires will play a
natch against a team from the British
steamer Moana, selected by the Rev. Mr. j
Fullerton. chaplain of the Seamen's In- \
stitute. on Golden Gate grounds. The
Vampire eleven will be made up as fol
lows :
J. M. Punnett. goal keeper: J. McGaw, full
hack- W. O. CM-ood, fullback: J. B. Dugsan,
halfback; G. I. toutrh. halfback: G. S. Lackle.
halfback; H. E. Punnett. ripht forward; U<».
C Anderson, right forward; G. T. b. White
U-aptaln). center forward; H. W. Dye, left
forward; C. P. Coles, left forward.
A Vampire team composed pretty nearly !
of the same players will leave this city j
by the 8 o'clock train next Wednesday,
and will lourney to Keswick. Shasta
County, to play a match on Thanksgiving
day against tho Keswick eleven. They
will leave Keswick in time to return to |
their offices in this city on Friday morn
ing.
DIRECT FROM
AGUINALDO'S
HEADQUARTERS
Major Cook Writes
From Bakoor.
A KICK AT THE KICKERS
THE MEN ABE WELL TREATED
BY THE OFFICERS.
A Plea for Letters — Attitude of the
Natives Toward the Spanish
Prisoners Extremely
Hostile.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 18.— Major Byron
H. Cook of the First Montana Infantry,
U. S. V., has written to a friend in this
city from Cavite, P. 1., under date of
September 29. His battalion is sta
tioned at Bakoor, a telegraph station
across the bay from Manila. The fol
lowing interesting extracts have been
made from his letter:
We are expecting orders to move to
Manila, but if they never come we will
be better satisfied; for the first time since
the organization of our regiment it is
satisfied to remain where it it rather
than move on. Some of the men haw
wonderfully changed their tuns, and
about 600 of them would give what they
have left of a month's pay to be back in
San Francisco digging their toes into the
sand.
A great many have had malaria, and
about 15 per cent are on the sick repeat,
but there is nothing serious tho matte:
with them and we have had no deaths
here that can be attributed to the cli
mate.
Talk about a lot of sick schoolgirl,
they are not in with the stalwart moun
taineer^ if the mail doesn't bring just me
right kind of letters.
As far as I am personally concerned, if
my good health continues, I would not
object to a full term of enlistment in this
place. If we can stay here it is better
than being in Manila. We ar<; the oniy
infantrymen here, and have our Gaily
battalion and regimental drills, and the
command is pretty well in hand. It is
cooler here, too, than in Manila. We are
Letv/een two small bays and if there is
any wind Mowing we get it.
On the 29th of last month I was de
tailed summary court by the colonel. This
corresponds with a civil police judge. At
first business was light, but then came
payday, and the court is now making lots
of money for Uncle disposed of
twenty-five cases in one hour Tuesday.
The Filipinos are getting even on the
Spanish prisoners for all that Spain ever
did to them. 1 have seen some that are
walking skeletons. The insurgents send
them to small towns and turn them
loose. The natives are hostile to them,
and the result is slow starvation. Over
in Bakoor, a telegraph station between
here and Manila, were fourteen of these
prisoners when I was there and one of
the men in the station told me there had
been quite a number starved to death.
They gave one of these unfortunates a
piece of bread one day; he sat down to
eat It, when a native took it away from
him. Some of the most prosperous na
tives feed them for their services.
Bakoor Is Aguni Agulnaldo's head
quarters and was bombarded for thirty
months by the Spanish. We met and
had quite a visit with Gomez, one of the
insurgent leaders. He speaks good Eng
lish and impressed me favorably.
The thermometer hanging indoors
registers from 80 to 84 degrees night and
day, rarely higher or lower. The days
are short and nights long. It is dark at
6:30 in the afternoon and hardly daylight
at 5:30 in the morning.
In the mail which arrived on the Ari
zona yesterday there are evidences of the
kicker— the kicker that swells with self
importance when he can find a paper yel
.low enough to publish his — and the
strange part of it to me is the fact that
papers encourage such stuff. They will
send broadcast reports almost libelous in
character against men who stand high, in
their own communities and create or at
tempt to create an impression that many
of our commanding officers are second
only to the inhuman Spaniards in the
treatment of their men. Some of tne at
tacks upon Colonel Kessler are , out
rageous. One report from Honolulu stated
that he had remained in his stateroom,
utterly ignoring the wants and necessities
of the men, and finally Colonel Wallace
came to the rescue. The colonel com
manding, like some eight or ten hundred
of the kickers on board the Pennsylvania,
is possessed of a stomach that is not proof
against seasickness, and for the first few
days he was necessarily confined to his
stateroom, while the more fortunate lieu
tenant colonel and the majors escaped
entirely. , ...
To feed 1400 men upon a vessel with
cooking capacity for 900 is quite a prob
lem, and it could not be worked out with
satisfaction to all the first week out from
port. The steamship company agreed to
do the cooking for all, and It was reason
able to suppose that they knew what
they were undertaking, as It wai directly
in their line, and they received something
over $800 upon arrival here just for that
work. Of course it was soon apparent
that they could not handle it. so a detail
was made from the command to assist in
the kitchen. Night cooks were put into
the kitchen and the men made to cut up
meat, pare potatoes and onions and po
lice the boat. When the men recovered
their appetites • they were not satisfied
with the regular rations, and upon a
number of occasions the men clamored
for more to eat, and Colonel Kessler or
dered it cooked for them, and. he had to
pay for the excess himself. Not only that
some of ti.e company commanders re
fused to pay the steamer cooks the sbcty
three cents per man for the trip agreed
upon and Colonel Kessler had to put up
for that, too. You know a trip of that
kind is hard under ordinary conditions,
and upon a troopship it Is bound to.be
much harder. When the system was
finally mastered the food began to taste
of the ship and the men were tired of
Government rations, and the kicking
continued. I read some of the kicks
from the troops at Tampa and do not
sympathize with them at all— they are all
kickers alike. I am glad to say that the
men that have been accustomed to living
well in private life were the last to com
plain. - " ' ' "
UNDESIRABLE CONTRACTORS.
Building Trades Council to Make a
Fight Against Certain Mill-
Owners.
The Building Trades Council has a knife
out for mill-owners who have been taking
contracts for outside work and breaking
the trade regulations.
The legitimate contractors only work
their men eight hours a day, but in mills
all men work nine hours. It was re
ported at last night's meeting of the
council that James Young, who owns a
mill at Howard and Folsom streets, had
mill at Beale and Mlssioin streets, had
taken a contract and was working his
own millhands nine hours a day on the
job. The matter will be brought to the
attention of the contractors In the Build
ers' Exchange to-day, and their assist
ance will be asked in the systematic fight
which the council will wage against this
class of bidders.
Plans for the Charity Bazaar.
A meeting was held Thursday afternoon
by the promoters of the Charity Bazaar
to be /conducted at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion from December 1 to December 29
for the benefit of the charity institutions
and orphan aeylums of San Francisco.
Representatives of twenty-five organiza
tions were present and the plans to be
adopted by the management, after hav
ing been outlined by L. H. Bonestell, were
heartily indorsed by them. The proposi
tion is to rent space in the building to the
different merchants of the city and to ex
act from them 10 per cent or their gross
sales in addition to one-half of the gate
receipts. This sum will be devoted to
charity. A similar bazaar conducted In
.New York City realized $100,000. and an
other held in Chicago was most success
ful. The leading navaJ and army com
manders have extended their patronage,
as have prominent officials of this city
and State. Each night there will be a
grand musical contest, and for the suc
cessful contestant Mayor Phelan has or
fered a trophy worth "SISOO.
DUMB BRUTES' FRIENDS.
Many Cases Handled h-f th« Animal
Society Last Month— New Mem
bers Elected.
The regular monthly meeting of the
board of trustees of the San Francisco
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals was held Thursday, and the fol
lowing is a synopsis of Secretary C. B.
Holbrook's report : Numoer of cases re
ported. 260; number of prosecutions. In;
animals taken from work. 167; animals in
volved. ST2: relieved, SOS; sick and disabled
animals killed. 9.
James Packer, William A. Wilson. W. J.
Stange. John A. Renner. W. R. Cluness
Jr.. M.D., Mrs. B. If. Welsh and William
Klumoke were elected as members. T. C.
Hotaling, P. R. McNultv, Ernest Turner,
John L, Stuhbs and Hugo Hertz were
appointed as district officers.
Seeks Pugilistic Honors.
Martin Denny, the 130-pound champion
pugilist of England and Australia, is in
this city, and in training at Jimmy An
thony's nenr Ineleside. He stands ready
to fight any person this sid«» of the spas
who tins the scales at 130 or 133 pounds.
Following is a record of his past: Fought
Tom Duggan to a draw; whipped Sam
Baxter, champion of England, in twenty
throe rounds; "Nipper" Reokes in sixteen
rounds; Billy Mateer in four rounds;
Pat McShane In eight rounds;
"Sandy" McCJregor in twenty-five
rounds; Ernie McAullff In eight rounds;
Charley Wood in four rounds; Bob Henry
in four rounds; Bill Eyles in twenty
rounds; Joe Lamhert in twenty rounds;
Jack Gamble in seven rounds; Pat Soully,
champion of Ireland, in twenty rounds,
and fought a twenty-five round draw
with Griffo at Sydney.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 18.
Stmr Elihu, Smith, lf>6 hours from Tacoma.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA-Sailed Nov 18-Stmr Ne
derlands. for Antwerp.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Nov I«— Stmr Hestla,
for Glasgow.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 18— Stmr Ocean, for
Amsterdam.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nov 18— 6tmr
Frlesland. for Artwerp.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Nov IS— Stmr Furnesla, for
New York.
GENOA— Sailed Nov 18— Stmr Ems. for New
York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr Norge
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr Nomadic
for New York.
MOVlLLE— Arrived Nov IS— Stmr Ethiopia,
New York for Glasgow.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— :.27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
2^7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CL'l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; oppn until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Ix>dge No. 30, F. and ■
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (SAT- __■__
U RJ >A V i i: YEN 1 NG, November 19, jZjt
at 7:30 o'clock. r>. 2. /^r>
GRO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from George W. Allen and E. P.
Thomas. In the Hangman's Gulch mine, near
Placervllle. El Dorado County, to deposit
tailings in Hangman's ravine: from Sam B.
Ludt and J. J. Millar, In the Sampson min-
ing claim. In Gold Lake mining district. Si-
erra County, to deposit tailings in a ravine
below the mine; from E. Reynolds and F. '
Carter. In the Morristown mine, near Port |
Wine. Sierra County, to deposit tailings in
west branch of Little Canyon Creek; from
George P. H. Meyers, In the Myers placer
mine, near Plaeervtlle, El Dorado County,
to deposit tailings In Johnson's North Can-
yon; and from Frank and Antone Leveronl.
In the Corsica mine, near Sierra City, Sierra
County, to deposit tallinps in old pits, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
59, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
November 2S. 1898, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting. — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day of Novem-
ber, IR9B, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of. such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Thursday, November 10. 189S, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. Jl up:
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
fail* or no fe*: free <Hagno»li». 100 Halght rt.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cent- per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship Company will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
st. on and after Thursday, December 1, 1888.
Transfer books will close on Friday, Novem-
ber 25. IS9B, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 61 (60 cenU
per share) of th^ Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Monday. November 21, 1898. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, November 18, 1898, at
3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT Irish girl desires sltuaUonT^irst-
olaes waitress and second girl ; can take but-
ler's place; best references. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swiss girl desires situation at
housework and cooking, $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Irish girl desires situation as
first-class waitress and second girl; good
sfiimstress; best of references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 320 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
best references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse and seam-
stress desires situation; best reference. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A SUPERIOR Danish cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 2 years In last place. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress
desires situation; best of reference. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
Al SWEDISH, also German cook, best of ref-
erence, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 31G Sutter st.
YOUNG American woman wishes situation as
cook for men on a ranch or In a camp whPre
tht^re are no women. Address 515 Eighth st.,
Oakland.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework; good plain cook; city ref-
erence; low wages. 3128 Clementina, off 4th.
WANTED— Situation by first-class dining-room
girl. Apply 663 Sixth st. MISS M. PLOM,
Oakland.
PACIFIC Employment Office— Reliable help of
all kinds furnished. 777 Market; tel. Clay 130.
COMPETENT^ cook wish"; situation In private
family; would do general housework in small
family. Call 227 Hayes st.
MIDDLE- A<;KI » Amprlonn woman desires posi-
tion ds housekeeper or assistant In a lodging
house; references; city or country- H.. box
44. Call office, Oakland. _
MOTHER and daughter want places; mother
as cook and daughter as waitress or cham-
bermaid; no trlflers. 12A_Mason st.
WANTED-By a first-class woman, general
housework. 445 First st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as a
housekeeper or cook on ranch; best of refer-
ences. 915 Minna st., off Tenth. _____
WOMAN wa^tsTwVriT by the day. Call or ad-
dress 4872 Twenty-flfth st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation as
children's nurse; would assist with sewing or
upstairs work; good references. 446 O Farrell.
YOUNG Scottish woman wants housework by
thP day active trustworthy; good recom-
_menda?ton. J_M__ byjetter, M- E-. 114 Hayes.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation In &
small family as cook or housework; good
city references. Apply 767 Harrison st.
WOMAN wishes to do laundry work by the
day in private families. 125S Union st.
ELDERLY woman. German cook, perfect In
all styles of cooking and baking, wishes sit-
uation: cltr or oountry. Address 929 Pine it.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
WANTED— By a reliable, refined, experienced
young woman, a situation as child's nurse;
highest city references. Call 131 tVildey St..
off Steiner.
YOUNG lady, good reader, herself well read,
would like. to secure engagements by the hour
to read to children, . invalids and others de-
siring such services. Address box 1980. Call.
NICE young German girl would like situation _.
for light housework or upstairs girl: wages
$12 to $15. 998 Sanchez st. Tel. Blue 1257. 7
FIRST-CLASS cook with best of references
wishes situation. Address 1114 Campbell St.,
West Oakland Station. Oakland.
STENOGRAPHER, competent, experienced,
good references, desires position: salary mod-
erate. Box 1954. Call office. .
SITUATIONS WAMED-iiALK.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind-
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; let Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment utrt.
beet help. 414H O'Farrell »t.; tel. East ««.
GARDENER will take charge gentleman's pri-
vate grounds; understands laying out of new
grounds; renovation of old grounds also; 36
years' old; married: no children; would take
charge of house and grounds in absence of
family; first-class references. Box 1514, Call.
ENGINEER, young" man wishes situation as
oiler or any other kind of work around the
engine or boiler; good mechanic; wages no
object. Box 1602. -Call office. •
SITUATION wanted, American farmer and
wife: will work place for wages or shares;
thoroughly reliable; finest reference; wife
very neat. Box 1979. Call office.
BRITISHER, competent to handle Chinese rail-
road construction; speaks dialect; wishes situ-
ation. Box 1513. Call office.
WANTED— By young man, place as night cook
in coffee and lunch house; best of references.
Box 1606, Call office.
POULTRYMAN-A thoroughly competent, re-
liable middle-aged man who has had lo j ears
experience with poultry on a large scale, de-
sires a position; is thoroughly familiar with 4
the care of incubators. Address Poultry—an.**-
box ISS7. Call office.
FRENCHMAN and wife desire situations with
well-to-do family; man able to attend to
horses or general work around house; wire
good cook, sewer and housewoman. Box 1»«..
Call office.
ELDERLY man. good cake baker and fin©
ornamenter, wants a light place; small wages.
Please call or address Cake Baker. 1800 Stock-
ton st., grocery store.
SITUATION wanted by a man from New
Haven. Conn., around private house, club or
institution. Box 1998, Call office. >
POSITION In city barber shop by steady, tem-
perate man; small wages; respectable treat-
ment. Box 1994. Call office. _____
JAPANESE young boy wants situation as
schoolboy or housework In small family, x.
F., 1808 Polk st. -
WANTED— Situation as porter in hotel or
warehouse or bartender. Box 1512. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy
in a family. T. KUROSAWA. 121 Halght st.
COMPETENT hotel man wants situation as
chef or steward: excellent references; econom-
ical sober Al worker; moderate salary. Ad-
dress KERSTEN. 1514 Powell st.
SINGLE man, understands the care of horses,
also garden work and Is handy with tools.
desires position. Box 1551. Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands car*
of horses, cows, garden; reference: state the
wages, j. A. MACDONALD. 214 Third st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar- i
kef 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WAMi:i)-Ki;.MAi.a
THREE waitresses, city and country. $20; 6
restaurant waitresses, $5; 2 restaurant wait-
resses. $4 week; fancy lroner, hotel laundry,
city $25 and board; 2 fancy ironers, country,
$25 ' board and room. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK, $30, 2 in family; housegirl, very choice
place, $25; houseglrl, small family, country.
$20; mother and daughter or two friends for
housework, short ways in country, and a
•Treat many girls for housework, city, $10,
$20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
EMMA PHILLIPS or MOLLIE. shampooer.
formerly employed at Hamman Baths, please
write or call. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 105
Geary st.
SHAMPOOER for a baths at a springs. $25
and found and fare advanced. C. B. HAN-
SEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSERY governess for the country, one who
can teach German and music, $25, see lady
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN nurse, $20: 4 cooks in American and
German families. $25 and $30; 3 cooks in
boarding houses and institutions, $20 and $25:
4 waitresses and chambermaid, $15, $20 and
$5 week: lunch waitress, no Sunday work, ii
week, and a large number of girls for house-
work. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, nice country
hotel, $20; girls for housework. Alameda, $25;
San Rafael. $20; Napa, $20; Oakland. $25.
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st. . . . -
PROTESTANT nursery governess for the coun-
try one who can teach German and music:
$25; see lady here. MURRAY & READY. 63»
and' 636 Clay st. I
NEAT refined second girl. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE girl, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter
street. _^
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, country hotel,
$20. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
— Competent lady pipe organist and
cornetist, or violinist, to take charge of or-
chestra and other musical work in large
school; state age, experience, references and
salary asked. Address Orchestra, box 1510.
Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY woman between 30 and 40 to
keep house for 2 children; good seamstress;
permanent position; small wages; country:
no trlflers. Box 1605. Call office.
COMPETENT girl for general housework;
must be good cook; call afternoon. 2627 Cali-
fornia st., near Scott.
LADY or girl for light housework and wait on
! lady. $8 to $10. 716 Franklin st.
JGOOD German girl wanted for kitchen work.
113 Taylor st. ■
WANTED— Maker In millinery store. 1325
Stockton st.
NURSE girl for the care of small child. 530
Turk st. :
WANTED— a first-class ladles' tonsorlal
parlor, a young lady of refinement to learn
the barber business. Call or write to Ladles'
Shaving Parlor. 1193 Market st.
WANTED-Lady or gent: pleasant work; good
wages; experience not necessary. 136 6th. r. a.
t A-T.TTTC and «Irls to do piece work at home;
L^ DD a I fyempl/: cm D ?older^ taught. 646 Sutt.r.
TTi-ATfTj dressmaking and millinery: positions
25c up. McDowell's. 101 Post.
WANTED- Operators on flannel ovenhlrts: a
few lnWeHenced hands taken »nd Uafht
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. Fremont st. .
ijtaßN eewlng at KEISTER'S; good positions: {
L f JttSisTlog up. -M McAllister st. \
omVapk^T and best in America— The Weekly
rail Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $150 a year.
a MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. __
j___p WAA'TED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY Telephone Main 5843
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Burner! brick yard $35 and found
5 slate splitters $2 50 day
3 teamsters, city jobs $1 .5 day
5 farm hands $26, $25 and $20 and found
Shingle packer.. See boss here
2 drivers for m ..!: a $l-and-$36-andVound
$25 and $30 and found
Blacksmith's ***%&&. ■_' R^ DY * ■
■■;;■■■.■. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS ••• Bakers Waiters
9 cooks ....$5O, $40, $30 and $25 and found
5 waiters ......$3O, $25 and $20 and found
2 bakers, city Jobs... $35 to $40 and found
4 dishwashers $15, $20 and $10 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
EXPRESS wagon driver, $30 and found. $2 day;
young man to drive a city bakery wagon,
$15 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st. |
MARRIED ....... ....1. ...... C00k and waitress
$50. country hotel, easy job. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
WANTED— 4 men to clear land. $25; 5 team-
sters. $1 75 day; laborers. $1 60 day; short
order cook. $40; cook. $11 week; cook. $10
week;, cook, country, $25 and found; waiter,
$45; meat cutter and cook. $40; dishwashers,
porters, bellboys, etc. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT A: CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
2 BAKERS' helpers on bread. $25 and found
each ; cook, $10 a , week: porter boy, $20; pot-
washer, $25;: glass pantryman. $25; bread M
pantryman, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104.
. Geary st. - v ■■
NIGHT porter and clerk, country hotel, $20. C.
- ; R. ■ HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
WANTED— Fifty men and women to work on
salary or commission. Apply Monday, between
the hours of 12 and 1. 12 Montgomery St.,
room 16. = :. * V
WANTED— An . experienced hat salesman at
RAPHAEL'S, 9-15 Kearay at.
< FiM-.i*p*iiib-iiii hi ■__■ r ■ S-ttii tt-jranriffiTiiTii "7" ' '-• ~ ~ .-' -v-,-~ ■I ■ I, HELP WASTED- Continued.
GOOD barber- wanted, for Saturday; good
wages. 131 Third St..
BARB! from Saturday noon to Sunday noon
at 166 m Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; one for
every Saturday evening. 105 Fourth st.
WANTED— A barber for Saturday and Sunday;
wage $5. 202 Fourth st.
■GOOD barber wanted. Apply at 510 Seventh Bt.,
near Washington, Oakland.
MAN to work for board and lodging; good
rt commendations. ! 7,"9 Mission st.
AMATEUR "musicians for social purposes. 3_S
Bush St., room 4. third floor.
JEWELERS wanted. 3.S Bush St.. room *
GENERAL tailor for country. -Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st. ___———
ADVERTISING solicitors wanted. 10)9 How-
ard Ft. .
WANTED— Second cook and dishwasher. 432
Fifth st. ' : : , .
WANTED-A firstTcTass pants finisher. 26 Te-
■ hama st.
WAXTEP Good NTinth St.
EXPERIENCE! •" ope^oTTTT coats wanted.
________ Tn \\^D_&_C£^ : lJ^i r jl_--_i:
uiux . states,
1 ihl
_=*« and Molts -nd^ ; en Sfeet 5 Inches
wr '-. ?"? n i_. !Ktu For further Information
aprly ing Office. 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco. Cal.
.. a VTKD^-Laborers and mechanics to know
*__} Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runssDenver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms. 23c p.-r night; $1 to $3 per week. ,
WANTED At Montana House. 764% Mission
st. men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. fOe and $1 per week.
SHOEMAKER on first-class repairing. SAL-
MINON, 6 Twenty-ninth st.
BOY from 14 to 17 years of age. Apply at 246
' Sutler st., room 14.
MEN and women to l?arn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13S'_ Eighth at.
250 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes, 2."c to $1.
562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
SHOES repaired while you wait; half price.
562 Mission st.. bet. -First and Second sts.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
WANTED— First-cjass wood worker, with $2000.
Address box 1957. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $15. 1542 Market st.
TRY Lindell House. Sixth rid Howard sts.:
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms; i:<c, 25c night.
'SINGLE rooms lSc, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. S63'._ Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
,' H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
soleinp. _5o: only one -price. 923 Howard st.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
1 clerks. Kr. Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
Piv.;j furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 25c night: reading-room; free
' "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED,
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty: just in. Greater West Advertising A Nov-
>ltv Cn.. 1155H Washinrton St.. Oakland.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in old established hay.
grain, wood, coal and livery business; 25
horses; price $1500, part cash; sickness cause
of partner retiring. Box 15SS, Call office.
HOUSES WANTED.
MAN and wife want furnished house or cot-
tage in city; north of Market st. Box IGO4,
rail office.
ROOMS WASTED. .
WANTED — Unfurnished r<x>m; about $3 or $4
month: man Box ■ ■■•. rail office.. . '. .
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL. 216 Post st.
WANTED— To buy barber furniture. ■ Box 1977,
Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and msgle lantern appa-
r_tnn: second-hand. 103 Montgomery st.
EDCCATIOXAL-
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1852; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION — Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3&41 Twenty-
fourth St.. near Sanchez.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mecn survey assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
*Bt. L 864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
LKSSONS given In English branches, French,
piano, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 603 Eddy st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MIPS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
SAX FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st.: 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads t3ken. -■-.«.-
LOST.
LOST — Kearny st.; Nov. 17,- plans and
specifications. Return to W. BURGER, at
12'" Kearny Et.
LARGE St. Bernard bitch all clipped; has
medicine on back. Liberal reward, 811 How-
ard st. '
LOST— A fleur de Us pin of pearls. Return
to 1404 O'Farrell St.; reward.
OLD gold liver and diamonds bought at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOST— Male fox terrier: black and' white. Re-
ward if returned to 810 Bush st.
100 SHARES Mexican Mining Co. stock: No.
79.069. Return to M. S. MARTIN. Pacific
Stock Exchange, city: transfer stopped.
FOUND.
FOUNJ I r spaniel bitch, white and
black: short tall. Owner can have same by
proving property. 435 Stevenson st.
'■ CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
iS and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel, S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON*B, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; ; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
HORSES.
CO HORSES of every description at Emporium
Balesyards. 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons.
harness, etc., at your own price. .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carte, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth: auction rales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; dlvorcq laws; private. J iT
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
ADVICE free-W' P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
Spreckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. 8. CLARK— Bpreckels bldg.. »27 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. t_7 Market St.
"' BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND bicycles from $9 up; new girls'
wheels, $18; new ISO 7 high grade _100 btcycl.
for $39; new tires, $2; new pedal.. $1 25 a pair;
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE, ?:th and FoLsom.
BUSINESS. CHANCES.
T^2TT?F^-oilr^torerpropcrty or business place
with T WILKE T& UNFUG, 906 Market St.. the
old-established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns. ______
$350- CHOP house and coffee saloon; Market
and Fddv st* : a splendid bargain; must be
sold to dJy. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market.
A-$1500; SHOE store: I block from City Hall;
splendid paying; stock worth the .money,
owner bought ranch. WILKE & UNFUG. SO*
Market St. .
A— ssoo; CORNER saloon; doing a splendid
business; close to Call t>ulldln_r;ra.re«t offer
in the market. WILKE & - UNFUU, 90t5
Market st. _____
A^-*550; OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant in
' wholesale district; no Sunday or night work -
a well-known and first-class paying place, a
genuine good bargain; sickness cause of sale.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$750-HALF of well-paying, pleasant commis-
sion business; or" will trade for Al Oakland
business. Inquire WILKE & I NFUQ.
$3000— LARGE nursery; fine running order; heart
of city; anybody can run this and make
money; sickness; exchange for Alameda Co.
property. WILKE _ UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$200 CORNER saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
Restaurant ; No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
Branch bakery: Market St.; rent $15.
$200— Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
! $475— BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety
store; near school; clears $60 month; 3 rooms;
rent $20; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant.
$250— PARTNER wanted in beer bottling busi-
ness; have over 300 customers; fine horses,
wagons, etc.; sure to clear $75 per month to
each. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$300— CORNER family liquor store; north of
Market st.; more than value in stock; owner
owns -building. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
$1000— SALOON ; one of the best locations In
city; 'doing a good business; fine fixtures;
good bar trade. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
$500— SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur-
nished rooms; between shops and factories;
art cash; see this at once. LESS & CO.,
765 Market st.
$450— MILK route; 12 cans of milk per day; all
private trade: 2 horses and wagon; present
owner there 14 years; selling account Of old
age. M LESS. & CO.. 765 Market st.
A FEW of STENBERG CO. BARGAINS:
Partner; livery stable.
$250— Delicacy store.
$900— Fine corner saloon.
$400— Partner paying restaurant.
$600— Cigar store; full value in stock.
$1000— Partner in auction house.
$150— Oyster grotto; rent $15; a snap.
We sell and exchange real estate
and business places of all kinds
BTENBERQ CO.. 26*. Kearny St.
A— KREDO & CO 22«ri Geary st.
$400— Corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
value in stock; look at this.
$450— Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; central;
worth $1000; cheap rent: clears $100.
$300— Branch bakery,, laundry office and dairy
products; best in Mission; make offer.
CORNER grocery and bar; bargain: death
in the family cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO., 777 Market st.
$350— CORNER saloon; a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
{400 — PARTNER wanted in light business
where the cervices of a plain, steady man
are preferred to hired help: business long
established and too much for one man: no
experience required; trial given; $1S to $30 a
week each. 117 Stockton. St., front office.
$400— CORNER saloon: best part of Mission;
large stock: fine fixtures, Including $200 pool
table; big trade; 6 living rooms; cheap rent;
bargain. LOWENSTEIN, 1023 M Market st.
FOR SALE— Bakery, candy and delicatessen
store;' on account of sickness. Apply at 2917
Sixteenth ;-t.. near Howard.
FOR SALE— Branch bakery and delicacy store
at cost of fitting up; rent $13; sickness; Inves-
tigate. Mission st. ■',
BARGAIN— CoaI yard with improvements. 1344
Valencia et. ;
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwright, rm. 709, 92« Market.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole interest In best
paying restaurant In Oakland;' present owner
there 7 yean; reason tor change, has whole-
sale business in San Francisco: clearing $200
month guaranteed; fullest investigation and
trial before buying. .E. E. BUNCE, 908
Broadway, Oakland.
$1000 TO $2000 — For sale, a little country store;
I a good chance for business. G. W. PLACE,
Newark. ■
DELICACY store, with furniture, for Bale
■ cheap. Inquire Call office. • .
SALOON— Third st. ; must be sold. Call
11 a. m. to 3 p. m.
GOOD business proposition to right man; small
capital required; estabd. trade; ho experience
necessary- Box 3008. Call office. Oakland.
GOOD paying saloon for sale cheap; in Mis-
sion. Box 1978, Call.
COUNTRY barber shop for city shop or other
property. H., 1320 Jackson St.
FIRST-CLASS candy store; doing extra fine
business; guaranteed to clear $100 month; all
choice goods; no opposition. JONES. 86;. Mkt.
$175— PARTNER wanted; old-established corner
saloon; centrally located: doing good busi-
ness; $10 to $15 day; cheap rent. Inquire
JONES. 866 Market st.
FOR SALE— At Auburn 12-room lodging-house
and lot; latest Improvements; electric lights;
opposite depot; doing good business; a bar-
gain. Address box 1866, Call office.
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures; In good location; investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Address box 1518,
Call office.
CORNER grocery 'and bar; '--living rooms;
cause of selling death of proprietor. Apply
Washington Brewery, Lombard and Taylor.
BAKERY; only 'store trade; cash business;
with a fine, new brick oven. Apply at Call.
COFFEE and chop house for sale; cheap. 324
Larkin st.
$150 — BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good
location; living rooms; rent $S. 1669 Grove
st., Oakland.
FOR SALE and to rent, wood and coal yard.
433 Stevenson st,: apply upstairs.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
Eupplled as wanted at lowest prices. - 107-109
Be&le Ft
LODGING HOUSES FOX BALIS.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market opp. Fifth.
24-room house; new house and furniture.. 850
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
10 rooms; central; clears $50 450
SEE MY LIST IN TO-DAY'S
CHRONICLE AND EXAMINER
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450
65-room house; cost $5000; only 3500
10- room house; only 130
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 .-. 550
46-room house; corner 1200
24 rooms; clears $100 600
14 rooms on Powell st. ; new 6."0
22 rooms near City Hall 600
. 10 rooms; all rented; business street 300
100 rooms; corner; best on earth «000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
' ABSTRACT FURNISHED:
REMEMBER THE NUMBER
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH
. H. C. DECKER
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
9 rooms; Lravenworth st.; all new and
clean; carpets good; clears $25 $325
13 rooms; newly furnished and well rented;
$350 cash, balance time 600
14 rooms; near City Hall; always full;
clears $75 ; 800
17 rooms; very elegant; central; best tran-
sient in city 850
23 rooms; Fifth et. ; rent $45; monthly re-
ceipts $120; a snap 800
$300— ROOMS; N. of Mkt.: a give-away ;^chis
week only. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary st.
$1200—36 ROOMS; business corner; exchange for
small house; no caeh required. KREDO & CO.
CORNER grocery and bar; Mission; ex-
change for lodging-house. KREDO & CO.,
22V_ Geary st.
12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine $800
76 rooms; select: transient; corner. 3500
23 rooms; rent $55 550
14 rooms; north of Market; clears $50 660
10 rooms; all new furniture 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDg & CO.. 1206 Market St.
$500— A NICELY furnished corner lodging house
of 10 rooms; north of Market St.; furniture
■ but little worn; must be sold at once; pro-
prietor going East. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.:
10 rms.: Hyde 5t..5250 IS rms.: Post 5t.... $600
18 rms.; Third st.. 550 37 rmo. ; Howard... 700
. 20 rms. : Geary st. 600 50 rms.; Bush «... 1250
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
LODGING house. 20 rooms, north of Mar-
* ket st. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 29 rooms; all light;
. $460. 124 Second St.
' FURNITURE FOR SALE. j
'FURNITURE of 3 room's, j bedroom," sitting
v room and kitchen, cheap: in first-class condi-
tlon. 413 Bartlftt st. .
..-.' t ~ PHYSICIANS. .;.-
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
| and residence, 1021H Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
! DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Booms.
. Advice and medicine. $1 50; open »:30 to 8. m
Market, - cor. «tb, opp. Welnstock & Lubln a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898,
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 28 Morris are., off Harrison et. near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; bjg yard; big cellar.
FINE modern house, 9 rooms, bath; every con-
venience- rent $30: 33 Sanchez St., near Four-
teenth. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
t,omery st.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath in good order;
sunny side. 252 O'Farrell St.
MODERN residence, 24i:. Jackson st; grand
view 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
6 burke, 6-6 Market st.
OAK -!'. near Market— l2-room house; rent
$40-' 2 permanent roomers still in house, who
pay $25 per month, desire to stay; reliable
tenant only. Apply to 15 Grant uv.-.
PEARL, 30, bet. Market and Thirteenth— s
sunny rooms and path, $21^
PERRY, 208, near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COLLINGWOOD, 218— Cottage and stable; 4
rooms; large yard. Apply MADISON &
BURJCE, HM Market Bt.
HOT'SE of 5 rooms; sun all day; marine view;
Wilmington St., near Jones; rent $12.
SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
MISSION, 2645, near Twenty-second— Sunny
cottage 5 rooms, basement, yarfl, stable; $14.
JIS_POTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath; basement; upper
flat, 5 rooms. Apply at 220 Thirteenth st.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 1142 Golden Gate aye.— Lower and middle
flat; 6 rms.; modern convenience; sunny side.
CLAYTON, K74, Bouth of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath.
GEARY, UoS— |lB; upper flat, 5 rooms and
bath.
HAVES. 33»-Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions andadstaken^^
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
gas; bath; rent $16.
MUST be seen to be appreciated; upper fiat,
7 rooms and bath; modern improvements;
newly painted. 1635 Golden Gate aye.
BUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, 5 rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN -t HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery et.
TO LET— 2 flats: modern improvements: will
let cheap; 4 rooms. 3176 A Sixteenth st.. near
Guerrero.
TI'RK, 30S— Newly furnished sunny upper flat,
6 rooms and bath. Call 10 to 4.
UNION, 1360 — Sunny upper bay-window flat of
7 rooms and bath; nice view; rent cbeap.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. I^^3 Mis-
sion st., bet. Eifhth and Ninth.
5 J4 Si NXV Oat •' rooms. 724 Harrison St.. be-
tween Third and Fourth.
$10— LOWER flat 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl st.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 I'age St.. between
Gough and Octavia.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
1.u1.1. ____^^_
ROOMS FOR UOCSEKEEPIKO.
BRYANT, 1101, corner Ninth— 3 front house-
keeping rooms; furnished complete; cheap.
EDDY, 207— Large double rooms; housekeeping;
gas arid bath; quiet house; reusonablo.
FIU-MORE, 61S, near Hayes— Sunny house-
keeping rooms and others; running water;
with yard.
FIFTH, 3?2— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen: grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FOLSOM, 2S4S— 3 or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
GEARY, 1505— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
r ms: light housekeeping: cheap.
GKAKY, lM2'fc— l large sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; no children.
GOLDEN GATE. 1050— Two large sunny well
furnished rooms: light housekeeping; gas;
stove; bath and free telephone.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— tunny un-
furnished 8-room suite, with gas range.
HOWARD, 525— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
complete; and others reasonable.
HOWARD, 761V4— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite, kitchen; man and wife; reasonable.
JESSIE, 439— bet. sth and 6th— 3 sunny connect-
ing rooms furnished complete; housekpg; $14.
LARKIN, 804 — Large sunny front rooms neatly
furnished, $8 and $9; housekeeping."
LEAVENWORTH, 615—2 sunny rooms, com-
plete for houjekepeing; cheap.
LEAVENWORTH, IMS, near Jackson— slo; 3
sunny furnished rooms; bath; housekeeping.
MINNA, 1114— Furnished bay-window house-
keeping suite, $2 50 week: with piano.
MISSION, 834—2 sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; also others, $1 25 up.
MISSION, J2l7 — Sunny front suites complete for
housekeeping: til. $14 and $16.
OAK, HS". near Park- Small turnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny; gas stove; use of par-
iur and piano.
I OCTAVIA, 311, bet. Oak and Fell— Runny fur-
nished rooms and floor for housekeeping;
very cheap.
OCTAVIA. 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
houHekeeping; no children.
O'F'ARRELL, 6M— Large- sunny furnished front
rm. ; single rm.. light hkpg. privilege; reas.
POST, Front and back parlor; conven-
iences for housekeeping; French family; i>rl.
SIXTH, 420— Sunny bay-window rooms, closets,
running water and bath; also single rooms.
SEVENTH, 178 — Cheerful, sunny, furnished
rooms for housekeeping; running water;
large yard.
THIRD, 309 — 2 large furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $10 a month.
TWELFTH, 145, cor. Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; complete for housekeeping.
UNION, 1106—2 furnished rooms, folding bed,
, hot and cold water, yard, $10^
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
runny rooms; en suite or single; ilrst-class
in every respect: terms reasonable,
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to SOc^
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr;tel.
BUSH. 421 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms.
CALIFORNIA, 832— Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board if desired.
DELAWARE, 143$ Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny front rooms, $s and upward;
also pleasant single rooms, $8 and upward.
FILLMORE, 22128— 54: sunny furnished or un-
furnished front room.
FOURTH, 108— Nice zunny rooms; single or
double; very reasonable; private.
GEARY, 558— Elegant sunny suite parlors; other
sunny rooms: light housekeeping^
GEARY, 610— Large newly furnished bay-win-
dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GOLDEN GATE, 435— Nicely furnished front
room; running water, bath, etc.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
mngle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL7~The. 121 Powell st. -Cheap, neat.
Ught. sunny rooms; transients, gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms. ; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 1072— Nice sunny front room suita-
ble for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family.
LARKIN, 1200. opposite Lurline baths— Sunny
furnished rooms from $4 up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRBLL, 537— R00m suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family.
O'FARRELL. 770— Single room and sunny front
room; newly furnished; moderate.
POST, 634— Large neatly furnished room;
rent $8.
POWELL, 906— Nice furnished sunny front
rooms suitable for 2; board if desired; terms
reasonable.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; leasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 393, corner Harrison— Sunny front
rooms furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTEENTH, 3140— Sunny front suite for 2
gentlemen or gentleman and wife.
TEHAMA. 310 A —Suite of two furnished rooms.
Call between 6 and 7 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
THE BRUNSWICK. 148 Sixth st., corner How-
• ard—Best appointed; centrally located; rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
. week ; open all night ; Howard-st. . cars pass
hou_e direct from all boats and trains. :,,
TREMONT House. 1773 Market st., opp Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3324, near Valencia— Nicely
furnished alcove front room, with hot and
cold water, gas and bath, suitable for 2, rent
cheap; also a single room, with hot and cold
water. $5; private family.
WASHINGTON, Changed hands; renovat-
ed: sunny unfurn. rms. ; offices; run. water.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANTLY furnished large sunny room,
with board, for couple, $45; first-class cook;
home comforts; piano; telephone. Box 1607
Call office. •
BOARDING bouses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, • with
. room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite. .■'
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
' unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up. ■
HOTEL VANCOUVER has reopened dining
room; under new management; board, $25 up.
1001 Sutter st. -. ■ '
"IRVING, " 1070 Valencia St.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
Ing; parlor: piano; bath: gents; special rates.
SOUTH PARK. Furnished room, with
board. $4 and $5; home cooking.
BUTTER, 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. 619— Sunny furnished suite*
and single rooms: first-clam table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED. '
INFANT or small child; good home; $10 a
month. 210 Lexington aye. ■
1 CHILD to board; good home and mother's
care; no other children. 818 Cheater St..
Oakland.
STORES TO LET.
STORE -^-ilTsixth st.; best business location;
rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market st. ■
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard: fixtures
for saloon. Apply 2S3S Mission «t.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMaTsPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $13 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MARKET, 1008 H. opp. Fifth— Suite of. unfur-
nished room!* for doctor or dentist.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; a sure and safe cure for
all female diseases from whatever cause;
I all those who are sick or discouraged should
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will find her a
true friend; home for patients with every
comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
- who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. . DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.  , ;
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and 1 Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated: no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market
st; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In .time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
eaves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 yearn. DR. POPPER. »18 Kearny St.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
consult free: confidential; hours, 9 a. • m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS A C0..406C1ay%"5t.:
$1 50. Bend 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. C3l X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home in confinement, with every
comfort;' best care and attendance: . terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
• female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. CaL
A SAFE, easy and pure remedy for obesity.
Address box ISCg. Call office. : -- "- ■-
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for tne same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work: no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Rental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty- fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50: all
— •- painless and warranted. I Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
antee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold, $1 up; silver. 25c
up; bridge work; plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up- all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St.. corner Sixth. .
SET of teeth. $4; filling, gold 50c, silver 25c;
crowns $3; open 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Paris
Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny et.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. .
ALL "-ork reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, ■ 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A PAIR turquoise cluster diamond . screws,
originally bought of Tiffany & Co., New York,
for $500; our price now $215. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 616 Mission st. .
A NO. 1 family cow and calf for sale at 307
Thirtieth et. . - ■ ■' •'-.■■■■:
FRESH milch cow and calf; fine milker and
at a bargain. Apply E. ONEIL, 87 State st.,
bet, 16th and 17th, Castro and Douglass.
ONE 37- ft. launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 30-
ft sloop; 21-ft. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line- 36-ft launch hull; 60- ft. tug boat; bar-
gains; new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBRECHT, successor to San Francisco
Launch Co.. North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
• NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-10.- Mission St..
above Sixth. ' '__
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removed. Yard. Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd. 619 Mission; tel. Br. 831.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectogcope,' $100. Baclgalupl, 938-952 Market.
J R POOL I house-mover, dealer second-hand
'building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ELEVENTH. . 106— Branch office of The Call.
■ Subscriptions and ads taken. ""■' " ' •
: , SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap: repairing guaranteed. - 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds ." bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-KUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Poet st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 57__
PERSONA—— | "
WILL the lady who picked 'up black knitted
purse with steel beading in washrodm of Bay
State Oyster House yesterday 'afternoon
please return it to 2522 Sutler st. and receive
liberal reward? ■
F. GEORGE— 'to-night, Chronicle building.
; SACRAMENTO.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
ail kinds to order; wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO., 313 Sutter.
IF rats and mice annoy you write S. S. MFG.
CO., -Chicago, 111., 'for sure exterminator.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, charges
25c for the latest fads In halrdressing; em-
ploys only artists; you are sure of being
pleased with the result. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Quinonla hair -tonic should be
applied until the hair stops falling out; the
only cure; 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 905 Market at.
TOOTHACHE — Use . One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome. upstairs.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO- 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. J FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market fit., bet. 7th and Bth.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits: ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligee?, riding habits,
coats capes, cycling suits; men and women
. teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; " children's
dresses a specialty; prices reasonable. 334
Eddy st. ■
TAYLOR. 238— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
ing: perfect fit guaranteed: evening waists a
specialty; reasonable.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant sty'.ish dresses. $3
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy st- rms. 14-15.
~~ JU'IRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
Market «t. ■ .-■---- "■- '■'-;■'■'■'• . .
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of |
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all j
and instantly' gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are interested In; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially , <>■;"■-.
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated . trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs..
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. 1027% Mrkt.
M FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 1)8 Halght st. .
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m.
Hon.. 8. 25c; sittings $1. 238 Valencia St.
CL AIR VOY ANTS.
YOUR future told by cards, 35c. 472 Stevenson
St., corner Sixth, room 10.
MME. LENEMAR, fort, by planets; predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold, '74; 2314 6th, r. 3. !
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth, rm. It.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business j
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market St.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS- "B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farr"ll st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. -
AT^ST^O^rE7T^O^TH^[Is"sTALLMENT"sT^'
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos. •;*:."'. '. = J
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright IS7 SO
kering upright 235 00
V Sohmer upright 115 00  >
;':.' Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up: buy direct
' of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.. .
136 Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 j
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi- :
gate and approve this method; prices are the !
same as If" purchased for all cash; bargains. j
in good . second-hand uprights upon same easy I
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
.$5 per month. • SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the - oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and'
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible, done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
YOU want a piano. Why not call on us?
SCOTT, CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
Bell, we buy for cash. We own our own' '
building. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. 526 Hayes st. ■ ■'
AN elegant Steinway upright', but ILttle.. "used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, IMS Market st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Chick-
erlng, Steck, Voae and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st. . <
UPRIGHT piano: cost new $300; 5 monthly
Installments. 1115 Post st.
BARGAIN: good Steinway upright; cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibemia Bank.
A SLIGHTLY used high grade piano; sacrificed
for cash. Room 10, Flood building.
AN elegant Steinway, upright, for $250 cash;
• must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness av<\
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis at.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
Legal notices.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, Depart-
ment No. 7. ALBERT JAMES RICE,
plaintiff, vs. ' LUELLA MATILDA RICE, de-
fendant. No. 65,884. Action brought In the
Superior Court. City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and the complaint
filed in said City and County of San Fran-
cisco in the office of the Clerk of said Super-
ior Court. The people of the State of Cali-
fornia send greeting to LUELLA MATILDA
RICE, defendant. You are hereby required
I to appear In an action brought against you by
the above named plaintiff in the Superior
Court, City and County of San Francisco.
State of California, and to answer the corn-
plaint filed therein within ten days (ex-
clusive of the day of service) after the service
on you of this summons, If served within this 1
county; or, if served elsewhere, within thirty,
days. The said action Is brought, to obtain
a Judgment and decree of this court dissolv-
ing the bonds of matrimony now existing be-
tween plaintiff and defendant, upon the
ground of defendant's willful desertion, also
for general relief, as will more fully, appear
In the complaint on file, .to which special'
reference Is hereby made. All of which win
more fully appear in the. complaint on file
herein to which you are hereby referred. And
you are hereby notified ,that if you fall ■. to
appear a.nd answer . the ' said complaint, as
above required, , the said . plaintiff will apply
to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given under my hand and seal of said Su- ;
perior Court at the City and County of . San ;
Francisco, State of California, this 13th day.
of October, In • the year 'of our . Lord, one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.
[Seal 1 • . - C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON. Deputy Clerk. . -
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re-
Biding in and near Vancouver, B. ■ C, during
the years 1891 to 18S5, and afterward In Cali-
fornia and was last heard of In Sonora,- 1
Tuolumne County, Cal., about June. 1896, will
- apply to the undersigned he will hear of.
something to his advantage. • WELLS '1 &
:[ HIND, Solicitors, Nottingham, England. '
• " ' " CITY HEAL ESTATE. ' ' '
PRICE reduced to $4000: one of the best corners
en Dolores st.;. lot 33x90; elegant residence
of 7 rooms and bath on end of lot; antiugb
vacant ground to build a store ■ and flats
above; house is new and all rooms are finely
decorated in latest style; terms $1200 cash,
balance in monthly installments. See owner
at 232 Liberty St.. near Dolores.
NEW 3-room cottage with level lot, near Mis-
sion and Thirtieth sts.; $10 monthly. • JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
NICE cottase in the Potrero; 5 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100. 245 Texas si., near 18th.
COUNTRY. REAL ESTATE. [
FOR RENT— orchard and home; full
bearing (Haywards). A. M. SPECK & CO.,
" 602 Market st. .' -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 CASH. $8 monthly, will buy a handsome 5-
. room cottage, bath, and everything about it
modern; very large lot; location the .best in
Oakland; line soil; grand view, yet level;
nice homes surrounding; a property for a
home worth 6<*elng: streets all- macadamized;
. fine school and electric cars riear by; city
water and sewer; entire price $1250; a few
fine large lots $125; $10, $5 monthly upward;
also 3 choice corner lots at a bargain: Ga-
lirulo Settlement. East ' Oakland. Call, or
send for circular . to 455 Seventh st., corner
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES. Owner.
A SNAP.
(-room, 2-story modern; lot 200x133; fenced:
windmill and tank; water piped over grounds;
$2000; one- half cash.
6-room cottage; modern: lot 37x100; $1500.
2 flats, 4 rooms each; modern; cement base-
ments; $1100.
5- room cottage: modern; lot 50x125; $1375.
2-story. 7-room; modern; lot 80x150; $1300: $300
cash, balance $15 per month. W. M. ALLISON
& CO.. 463 Ninth st., Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL cozy home near station on broad-
gauge line, in one of the best neighborhoods
in Oakland: 7 rooms and bath: open nickel-
plated plumbing; sandstone chimney; large
reception hall: modern and complete in every
particular: for sale at a bargain: terms to
suit; call at once for particulars. Lake Shore
Land Co., A. H. BREED, Manager, 1070
Broadway. Oakland. '
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats. $12 to $17; no dirk rmi.;
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free: Adeline station. Oakland; key 940 Union
st. KOEN'TO ft KrtOU. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, — Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets: reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good
HAAB' old »tor». 40K F.l*v»nth «t., S><» J»lt-i.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000 — Snap; lot £0x150; house of 4 rooms; 2
blocks from Morton st. station. ! ■'
$2SOO— New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant .home on Central aye. ; lot 50x207. See
this at once. Houses to let in all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
$250— LOT 257.108; $40 cash. $10 per month; love-
ly new cottage and f lot in duplicate, $2000.
Terms and owner. 1243 Park st.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
i builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park at..
Alameda. Cal. . . •; .-»
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
. BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALT A PUNT A Tract again on the market;
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye., 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to Q. W. HAIGHT.
HO Sansome et.. S. P. l •-.'-- .
( $3000— ft-room cottage: bath, laundry; 1H acres;
12 mm. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
dlnsrtcn. 111! Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley i>tn.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
RANCH wanted in exchange for fine 7-room
house, 2 corner lots, Folsom St.: near four car
lines, S. F. ; also large San Pedro lot. near
new Government harbor: will sell, $3600 cash.
Owner. Call office. Oakland. '--■■: ; ■■•■
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To buy 3 lots; the lot not over $30;
near or in Butchertown. 604 Minna st.
WANTED— From 2 to 10 acres land within 50
miles of city; suitable for a country home.
Send particulars to box 1511, Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
. land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON 1017 to 1022 Mission st., above
Sixth: telephone South 14. v..; ; <
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
. Store, 948 Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6%. per cent- on real estate, 2d
• and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,0(10; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. - Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
"WANTED— S32OO on • Oakland ' real ? estate ; se-
curity. Call 232 Noeßt. • " " ::' ■'■-•.■'■---■«
TYPEWRITERS, i- - ;.-.i
ALL tpewrlters sold and • rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Caligraph, $15; Tost. $!$;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery it. ,
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Charles- O. Olsen and Lizzie Kennedy 31-30
John Galindo ' and ■ Amelia ' Rea 32-19
■Wilhelm Weder and Marie Emiseger.. ...'.. 34-24
John D. Brown and Marie Ke11y....... 29-26
B. Anflndsen and .Tenesse Jakobensen..... 32-27
Fred Glass and Mac Sllg 34-19
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. :
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must' be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the. name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
!:,••, ';' ; :>'.- ,", BORN.
LIPMAN— In this city, November 17, 189S, to
the wife of A. T. Llpman, a daughter.
LOMBARDO— In this city, November 16, 1898,
to the wife of Professor A. Lombardo, a
daughter. ■ ■ '
MURCH— In Alameda, November 17, 1898, to
the wife of Louis A. Murch, a son. - % .-
; STARR— At Hunters Point, November 16. 1898.
to the wife of William D. Starr, a daughter.
~~~ ~~ MARRIED.
THOMAS— CLEMENTS— In. , this | city, by the
Rev. Father Cummlnis, ■' Dr. Walter G.
Thomas of Grass Valley and" Marie A.
Clements of San Francisco.
„ DIED.
I Boyd, Lena M. ' Johnson, Kate
. Boyle, Emmet M. Keefe, Clara V.
Buckley, Mary . Klippel, Valentino
Burns, Cornelius J. ' Leary, Denis J. .■
Edwards. William D. McCarthy. Michael J.
Espy. Robert J. • McKay, Elizabeth M.
Fagglano, Anna. . O'Connor. James H.
Forsythe, Helena > O'Donnell. Jane L.
' Giannini,- Amadeo P. 'Ostlund, Charles
Haehmann, Capt. F. Roesner, Lillian .
Hallett, Capt. T. A. Spaulding, Rhoda J.
Harrison. Helen G. Theller, Samuel L.
Jacoby,- Pauline •■ Weller, Eliza : ■
Jarrtitt, Joseph .-
BOYD— In this city. November 17, 1898, Lena
M., beloved daughter of. Robert and Louisa
Boyd, and granddaughter of George and Lena
Rees, a native of San. Francisco, .aged 10
months and 17 days.
! ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
/ (Slnday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
tho grandparents, 1123 Alabama street, be-
tween Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth. In-
terment I. O. O.F. Cemetery. .'
BOYLE— In this city, at the Potrero, Novem-
. ber 18, ■ 1898. Emmet M., . beloved son of Ed-
ward and Kittle Boyle, a native of San Fran-
: eleeb, . aged . 1 month and 22 days. . , '
BUCKLEY— - this ; city, November 18. 1898,
Mary, relict of the late John . BucKley,' and
mother of John, William and Eliza Buckley
and of ; the • late Alfred, Louisa, ■ Charles and j
George Buckley, a native of County Louth,
Ireland, aged 60. years.
BURNS— In this city, November- 17, .189S, f Cor-
- nelius Joseph, beU>ved son of Cornelius .and
Mary Burns, and brother of John and James
Burns and Mrs. W. McMullen, a native^ of
San Francisco, aged 21 years 4 months and 24
days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the- funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from > the residence
 ef his sister, Mrs. W. McMullen, 194 Parker
avenue, oft Point Lobos avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Church, when a. solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
• his soul, commencing at *:30 -o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDWARDS— In this city, November 16, 1898,
William D. Edwards, beloved father of Wil-
liam S. and May Edwards, a native of
Wales, aged 56 years. ■ ■-. , ,
, Friends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, .from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate 'Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
ESPY— In this city. November 17, 1898, Robert
J., beloved husband of the late Julia A.
Espy, loving father of Mary A.. William C.
. and Robert J. Espy. Jr., and grandfather of
Willie R. Espy, a native of the city of Dub-
lin, Ireland, aged 65 years.
CTThe funeral will take place thia day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 221 Twelfth street, thence to St.
■ Joseph's Church, Tenth street,' where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FAGGIANO— In this city, November 17. 1898,
Anna, beloved daughter of J. B. Fagglano.
and sister of Joseph and Mary Faggian*.
- Mrs. R. R. ■Connell, Mrs: J. Flllippini and
Mrs. I. Svago, a native of Marin County,
Cal., aged 25 years 10 months and 17 days.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral 'this day
(Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Church, California and Duppnt streets, where
mass will be held for the repose of her soul.
' Interment San Rafael, by 11 o'clock boat.
FORSYTHE— In this city, November IS, 1898.
Helena, widow of the late Samuel Forsythe,
and mother of Lila A. Forsythe.
(C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
GIANNINI— In this city. November 15. 1898,
Amadeo P., beloved son of Amadeo P. and
Clorinda Agnes Giannini, and beloved brother
. of Mario and Lloyd Gtannini, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 years and 1 month.
t^The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 615 Bay street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Funeral private.
HACHMANN— this city, November 17, 1898,
Captain Fred Hachmann, beloved brother of
Henry Hachmann, a native of Grohen, Vege-
sack, Germany, aged 46 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth, where funeral services will be held
under the auspices' of the Norddeutscher
Verein. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HALLETT— In this city, November 17. 1898.
Captain Thomas A., beloved husband of
Fanny HalU-tt, and father of Lena, Myra and
Thomas Hallett, a native of New Bedford,
Mass., aged 65 years.
(T^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Porter & White's
undertaking parlors, 122 Eddy street.
HARRISON— In East Oakland. November 14,
18*8, Helen G., beloved wife of .Benjamin
Harrison, and mother of Benjamin F. Harri-
son Jr., Mrs. C. W. Jones and Mrs. Captain
L. Hansen, a native of England, aged 47
years - and 21 days. (Boston, Mass.. papers
please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. {Sunday), at 2. o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 424 East Tenth street. East Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
JACOBY— In this city, November 17. 1898. Pau-
line, beloved mother of J. H. Jacoby, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 83 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow.. (Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1008 Sacramento street, near
Powell. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. Please omit flowers.
JARRETT— In this city, November IS. 1898.
Joseph Jarrett, a native of Dover, England,
aged 54 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— this city, November 17, 1898,
Kate, beloved wife of Albert Johnson and
mother of Mrs. Jennie Cohelan. Mrs. H. F.
Cuthbert, Mrs. C. Markley and Ben and
George Johnson, a native of New York City,
aged 55 years 3 months &nd 3 days.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock,' from her late resi-
dence, 414 Lily avenue, between Buchanan
and Webster, Page and Oak streets. Inter-
ment Drivat». Laurel Hill Cemetery.
"KEEFE— In this city, Novrmoer 17, IS9B. Clara
Viola Keefe (nee Calfee), beloved wife of
Joseph F. Keefe, a native of Napa, Cal., aged
23 years. (Sisklyou papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 14 Blake street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
held for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KLIPPEL— In this city, November 16. 1898, Val-
. entine Klippel, a native of Germany, aged 61
years.
LEARY— In Vallejo, November IS, 1898, Denis
J., beloved son of John and Nora Leary. and
brother of P. J., J. A.. F. M., L. D., Nellie
and Kate Leary and Mrs. Mary Mahon, a na-
tive of Vallejo.
[C7"The funeral will *ike place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from St. Vincent's
Church, Vallejo, where a solemn high re-
quiem mass will be held for the repose of her
soul.
MCCARTHY— In this city, November IS, 1898,
Michael Joseph, beloved husband of Carrie
McCarthy, father of May McCarthy, and
brother-in-law of Mrs. Frank Tillman, Mrs.
Blanchett, Mrs. Westdorf and Mrs. Orchard
of Boston, a native of St. Johns, Newfound-
land, . aged 54 years. ' v;
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
• November 21, at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at a o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McKAY— In Oakland, November 18, 1898, Eliza-
beth M., beloved wife of William T. McKay,
and mother of Martha, Elsie and Marguerite
McKay, Nellie E. Munning and Lenord Kel-
lar. a native of London, England, aged 51
years and 2 months.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1104 Dennison street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. ■ ; - • ■ •>
O'CONNOR— South San Francisco, Novem-
ber 18, IS9B, James Hugh, dearly beloved son
of Thomas and Mary O'Connor, and nephew
of Mrs. Thomas Brady and Mrs. Michael
McDonnell, a native .of San Francisco, aged
30 years and 4 months. •' . .
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. Eighteenth avenue, between
Q and R streets south, thence to All Hallows'
Church, N street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth avenues south, ■ South San Francisco,
where a solemn requiem high mass . will bo
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery- . '•
O'DONNELL— In this city, November 18, 189 S.
Jane Lorena, beloved daughter of Eugene and
Minnie O'Donnell, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months.-
(C^The funeral •will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock., from the - residence
of the parents, 320 Twenty-ninth street. In-
terment private, in Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OSTLUND— In this city,. November • 17. . 1898,
Charles, 'beloved husband of Christine Ost- ■
lund, father of Tillie. Annie, Theodore, Hilda,
Charles, Lillle, Esther and George •- Ostlund,
and brother of John t Ostlund, a native of
Kalmar, Sweden, aged 49 years 2 months and
6 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the' funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks & Co., 957 » Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ROESNER— In this city, November 17. 1898,
Lillian, beloved wife of Peter J. Roesner,
mother of Walter, Arthur, Mona and Ralph
Roesner,' daughter of D.. O. n-eston. and sis-
ter of Joseph Freston, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years and 10 months. A mem-
, ber of Golden Circle No.' ISB, Companions of
the Forest." -. ! •." . '
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to- attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
- the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
1 street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
I a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 8 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SPAULDING— this. city, November 18, 1883.
Rhoda J. Spaulding, beloved mother of Mrs.
C. N. Payson, a native of Maine, aged 82
years. , . ■•„ . •
(□^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, : Mrs. C. N. Payson. 709 Shot-
well street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by carriage. •
THELLER —In Oakland, . November 17, 1898.
at- his residence, Samuel L. Theller, aged 63
■ years 8 months and 15 days. ■
C7"Friend«i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this, day (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1513 Ninth street, Oakland.
'• Interment private. ■• < ■ \\
WELLER— In this city, November 18, 1898.
■ Eliza Weller, a native of Inverness, Scot-
I land, aged 52 years.
ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 9:30 o'clock, from the \ parlors
of H 'J. Gallagher & Co.. 20 Fifth, street,
thence to St. Patrick's Churcn for services.
• commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ___^___J_^^_
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan 4 Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMED*.
''■'■ 20 Fifth it., opposite" Lincoln (School.
Telephone South 80.
1314
HAS HER EYE
ON FAIR'S BIG
PILES OF GOLD
Mrs. Craven Renews
Her Battle.
SEEKS A FAMILY ALLOWANCE
AS DECEDENT'S WIDOW SHE
MAKEt HER DEMAND.
Prays the Court for $5000 Monthly
Beginning From the Date of
Her alleged Husband's
Death.
Mrs. Nettle R. Craven has made
MRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN-FAIR Who Has Petitioned the
Superior Ccurt for an Allowance for Support and Main
tenance From the Estate of the Late James G, Fair.
portion of the millions of the late James
G. Fair. A petition was presented to Judge
Belcher late yesterday afternoon on be
half of the claimant for a monthly family
allowance of $5000. an amount, it is aver
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PRODUCED BY
On retiring for the night, soak
the hands in a strong, hot lather of
CUTICURA SOAP. Dry thoroughly
and anoint freely with CUTICURA,
greatest of emollient skin cures.
Wear old kid gloves with the finger
ends cut off and holes in the palms.
For red, rough, chapped or discol-
ored hands, dry, fissured, itching,
feverish palms, with shapeless nails
and painful finger ends, this treat-
ment is simply wonderful.
CUTICURA BOAP, because of Its delicate
emollient properties, Is the most soothing, cool-
Ing and purifying application for. rashes, irrita-
tions, chaflngs, inflammations, undue or offensive
perspiration and many other sanative use 3. as
well as being the most effectual skin purifying
and beautifying soap in the world.
Sold throughout the world. Price, CUTICURA
SOAP. 23c; CUTICURA (ointment). 60c. POT-
TER DRUG '& CHEM. CORP.. Boston, Sole,
Props. British Depot, 1 King Edward St.. Lon-
don. Depot Francais. 113 Faubourg St. Honore,
Paris. Send for "Face. Hand* and Hair"
w~»ic mailed fre*. >',>'->S"-'-
her second appearance in her battle for a
red, legally due the petitioner by reason
of the fact that she was the legal wife
and is now the legal widow of James U.
Fair, deceased. . , tn
When the petition was presented to
Judge Belcher yesterday afternoon that
jurist was requested to make an order lor
service on all parties Interested and to set
a date upon which those parties could
show cause, if so they could legally do
why the prayer of the petitioner should not
be granted. This Judge Belcher refused
to do, stating that inasmuch as the Cra
ven-Fair contest had occupied the atten
tion of Department 10 of the Superior
Court since its filing he did not feel justi
fied in making the order. In consequence
the petition cannot be placed on file untU
the 28th lnst. Judge Troutt, who presides
in Department 10, will return from a visit
in the country on that date and the case
will be formally opened before him. \\ .
\V Foote and Denson. Oatman & Denson,
of counsel for Mrs. Craven, are unable to
explain the action of Jud^e Belcher in re
fusing to grant the order requested, it
was simply a formal matter, they say,
and Juri.ire Belcher had no more authority,
considering the absence of Judge Troutt,
to refuse to Issue the order than his clerk
would to refuse to file the petition if pre
sented to him with the proper fee.
The petition of Mrs. Craven for a
family allowance from the estate of her
alleged deceased husband is made under
certain sections of the code providing for
an allowance to a surviving widow for her
support and maintenance during the prog
ress i if the settlement of the estate of her
husband. The petitioner first sets forth
that James G. Fair died in this city and
county on the 2Sth day of December, 1894,
leaving an alleged last will and testament.
Snch alleged will was duly admitted to
probate on November 16. 1896. By the pro
visions of the will W. S. Goodfellow, Jas.
S. Angus and Thomas G. Crothers were
named executors thereof. Letters testa
mentary in the matter of the estate of the
deceased were duly issued them and they
ever since have been and now are the duly
appointed, qualified and acting executors
of the alleged will and testament of the
deceased.
Mrs. Craven then avers that she Is
the surviving wife and widow of James G.
Fair, and continues by stating "that the
estate of James G. Fair, as she is in
formed and believes, is of the value of
$12,228,998 07, or thereabouts; that the an
nual rents, issues and profits of the said
estate are, as she is informed and be
lieves, over and above the sum of $500,000."
"No allowance whatever of said es
tate has been made to her as the surviv
ing wife and widow for her support and
maintenance during the progress of the
Bettlement of said estate: that the sum of
JSGOO a month would be and is a reason
able allowance out of the estate to be
made to her as such surviving wife and
widow for her support and maintenance
during the progress of the settlement of
said estate."
The petitioner further represents that
any allowance that may be made by the
court or Judge thereof, in accordance
with the prayer of the petition, should be
made to take effect from the 28th day of
December, 1894, the date of the death of
her alleged husband.
The document Is signed Xettie R. Fair,
and she is referred to by that name all
through.
The filing of the petition for an allow
ance for maintenance from the estate of
James G. Fair, as stated by Mr. Foote, Is
a method taken advantage of to expe
dite the settleent of Mrs. Craven's
claims against tne estate. When the pe
tition is heard Mrs. Craven's opponents —
those interested in the estate left by the
millionaire — will doubtless vigorously
oppose the granting of the allowance.
This will give tho petitioner an oppor
tunity to present her proofs that she is,
as she claims to be, the legal widow of
the deceased by virtue of a contract
marriage. This Mrs. Craven is confident
she can establish, and an Interesting as
well as bitter contest is expected.
The lengthy legal battle waged over the
so-called pencil deeds, conveying proper
ty to the claimant, which was decided
against Mrs. Craven In the Superior Court,
is now under consideration by the Su
preme Court. An appeal was taken from
the judgment of the lower court and in
event the judgment is reversed Mrs.
Craven's attorneys wfph to be in a posi
tion to press all claims without delay.
Mrs. Craven was in St. Louis when her
attorneys concluded to take this last step
in her behalf. She was sent for and came
immediately to this city, where, in all
probability, she will remain until she has
conquered or all hopes of victory have
vanished.
GWIN LUNCHEON
AT THE CLUB
Fortnightly Cotillon, Mur
phy Dinner and Martin
Supper Last Night.
The largest and handsomest luncheon
of the season was given on Thursday af
ternoon at the University Club by Miss
Mary Bell Gwin. Fifty-two guests were
entertained in the large dining room.
Luncheon was served at .small tables
each one of which boasted of some origi
nal and beautiful floral decoration. Excel
lent music lent its charm to the magnifi
cent entertainment. •
The second meeting of the Friday Fort
nightly was held last evening at Lunt's
Hall i adding another to the already long
list of social triumphs scored by the
fashionable dancing class.
Albert Russell led alor.o and introduced
three very pretty new figures. As usual
the attendance was large and the debu
tantes, in their prettiest frocks, present.
Previous to the Fortnightly dance Miss
Attic Murphy pave a delightful little din
ner at the home of her parents, Mr. and
Mrs. S. G. Murphy, on Pacific avenue,
after which hostess and guests went to
the cotillon.
After the dance Mrs. Eleanor Martin
gave an elaborate supper at her lovely
home on Broadway. Among the ladies
who went from the cotillon to the sup
per were Miss Roreie "Wallace, Miss Mur
phy, the Misses Salisbury and Miss Lillie
Follis.
An interesting wedding that is sure to
prove the society event of the season in
Salinas will be the nuptlalß of Miss Jessie
Marie Storm and John Andrew Hughes at
the Church of the Sacred Heart, Thurs
day morning, November 24. The bride
elect is a handsome and accomplished
young lady and one of the belles of
Salinas. Mr. Hughes enjoys the respect
of the entire community and is regarded
as a young man of rare attainments and
high character. San Francisco is on the
list of places that the young couple will
visit while on their bridal tour.
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1898.
A JEWEL AND
A BANQUET FOR
THE MASTER
Reuben H. Lloyd Ten
dered a Reception.
SIR KNIGHTS AT THE TABLE
HONOR TO AN OLD AND HON
ORED COMRADE.
Words of Praise and of Good Cheer
and Music and Masonic Fel
lowship Last
Night.
The Knights Templar of California
tendered last evening In the Masonic
Temple a grand reception and banquet to
Reuben H. Lloyd, in recognition of his
elevation to the rank of grand master ol
the Grand Encampment, Knights Tem
plar of the United States of America.
The reception was under the supervision
of California Commandery No. 1, Knights
Templar; Oakland Commar.dery No. 11,
Knights Templar, and Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16, Knights Templar, with
Reuben Preston Hurlbut chairman of the
executive committee. „,
Mr. Lloyd was escorted from his resi
dence to the temple by a committee con
sisting of Right Eminent Sir Jacob Hart
Neff and Eminent Sir Tnjomas Kyle. The
distinguished guest wad met at the en
trance of the temple by a number of Sir
Knights, under command of Right Emi
nent Sir W. Frank Sumner, who es
corted the grand masier to King Solo
mon's Hall, where the various com
manderies participating were drawn up
in line.
Eminent Sir W. H. L. Barnes received
Mr. Lloyd on behalf of the Knights Tem
plar of California, and in an eloquent ad
dress presented the grand master with a
iiiagniticent triple crosa studded with
diamonds, the grand master's jewel.
The recipient responded feelingly and
in grateful terms. Mr. Lloyd was then
conducted to the platform, where he re
ceived the congratulations of his brother
Knights.
At the close of the reception the Sir
Knights proceeded to the capacious
asylum of California Commandery, where
the banquet was enjoyed, covers being
laid for 200. At this "feast of reason"
Right Eminent Sir Jacob Hart Neff pre
sided in the absence of Right Eminent
Sir Robert M. Powers. Grace was said
by Prelate Key. E. B. Church, and the
following programme was admirably car
ried ouv
Salutatory, Eminent Sir W. H. L. Barnes;
"Our Guest," Samuel M. Shortridge; mu
sic, "Fair and Bright," Temple Quartet; "Our
Country," General W. H. L. Barnes; music,
"otar-si.ang-led Banner," Sir Samuel V. Mayer;
"The Grand Cummandery," Right Eminent Sir
Frank W. Sumner; "California," Kmment Sir
W. Frank Pierce; music, "Clang of the Forge,"
Sir L. A. Larsen; "Templar Fellowship," Emi
nent Sir Charles L. Patton: "Pittfburg Con
clave." Eminent Sir John P. Fraser; music,
"Serenade," Temple Quartet; "Louisville
1901," Eminent Sir Charles L. Field; music,
"Kentucky Babe," Temple Quartet; "Next
Department Conclave," Sir William Johnston;
"The Twentieth Century," Eminent Sir George
T. Bromley; "A Greeting," Sir James E. Gor
don.
The Temple Quartet of California No. 1 con
sists of Sir C T. Wendell, first tenor; Sir R.
W. Smith, second tenor; Sir A. A. Uatktn, first
bass; Sir E. G. Macßaln, second baas.
The following Sir Knights were in
charge of the affair, which was a mag
nificent one In every respect.
Executive committee — Eminent Sir Reuben
Preston Hurlbut (chairman), John 1\ Fraser,
Charles Lewis J'atton, Joseph F. Chandler,
William Frank Pierce.
Reception committee— Right Eminent Sir
Robert M. Powers (chairman), William Mason
Rundell, Frederick Ferdinand Bars?, Thomas
Hubbard Caswell, William Abraham Da'vies,
Henry Sayre Orme, Hiram Throop Graves, Al
fred Augustus Redlngton, iidward Richard
Ht-dges, Charles Fayette L«ott, George Clement
Perkins, William Monroe Petrie, Samuel Hop
kins Wagener, Jacob Hart Neff, William Van
derhuitt, Frank William Sumner, Edward
Spalding Llppltt, Trowbrldge Hyer Ward.
George Dickson Metcalf.
Banquet committee— Eminent Sir Charles L.
Field (chairman), George R. Armstrong, J.
Stanley Ewing, Albert W. McKenzie, James
McCrossan, George Andrews, Sanford Plum
mer, Walter H. Cllne, Thomas Morton. Robert
B. Moore, James W. Keyston, George Bush
nell. Henry L- r>ay, Robert "W. Campbell,
George H. Newman. William C. Wise. Edward
G. Macßaln, William D. Keyston, Henry B.
Ream. Samuel J. Hendy, William R. Jost,
Christian Hellwlg, Peter P. nail.
Parade committee— Right Eminent Sir Frank
W. Sumner (chairman), John Tonninpsen. Wil
liam Edwards, W. H. Frank Titus, Charles 11.
Murphy, Charles W. Taber, Robert McMillan.
George P. Korts, C. S. Benedict. John Fy
Clark. Carroll Cook, Edward B. Church, Jamea
F. Logan.
Music and entertainment— Alfred A. Batkln,
Samuel I>. Mayer, George W. Bennett, Clar
ence T. Wendell. Walter C. Campbell, Edward
G. MacP.ain, Robert W. Smith. Robert S. Gray.
James E. Gordon, Louis A. Larsen, John R.
Jones.
The visiting Knights were:
E. W. Borg, Ernest K. Head, D. C. Halsey.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR AT THE FESTAL BOARD.
H H Knapp, G. W. Strohl, J. F. Korbel, N.
b' Seribner. W. E. Prior. George E. Baldwin.
T H. Ward. W. H. Phlpps, Thomas Flint.
Francis O'Donnell, W. H. Dyne, W. M. Fonda.
William T. Fonda. J. M. Utchfleld. W. W.
Rtocker Burr Noble, John McAllister W. D.
Sanborn, A. D. Hubbard, Byron Mauzy. George
D Karts C. 1,. Huskell. C. Q. Young. J. H.
Hatch Thomas B. Robinson, ihnraas Flint Jr.
Florin L. Jones, William O. Gould, Clarence
M. Smith. F. W. pumner. Thomas Klrkpatrlrk.
The gift to Mr. Lloyd is a most beauti
ful production of the jeweler's art. It is
nearly five inches in length and more than
half as wide. In shape it resembles the
"Cross of Salem," with a groundwork of
solid gold. The centerpiece is a Maltese
cross of gold. In the middle of which is a
beautiful diamond. Surrounding the Malt
ese cross is a ring, the entire circle of
which is set with smaller diamonds. Near
the middle of each arm of the crosses are
raised ornaments of gold studded with
one medium sized diamond and several
smaller gems of the same kind. The
medal Is suspended by a Bilk ribbon, whioh
Is attached to a shield that holds the pin
by which the jewel is fastened to the coat.
Across the face of this golden shield is
written the word "California." Upon the
reverse side of the gift are the words,
"Presented to Most Eminent Sir Reuben
Hedley Lloyd by the Knights Templar of
California. November 18, 1898."
WHY ROOSEVELT WON.
Gherardi Davis Gives Some Interest
ing Information Concerning
the Election in New York.
In an interview at the Palace last even
ing Gherardi Davis gave some Interesting
particulars concerning the recent elec
tion In New York State — of whose Legis
lature he is a member.
"For the last few years," he said, "the
Bar Association, organized about the time
of the Tweed Impeachments, has taken
more interest than usual in judicial nomi
nations; and this year it recommended
the renomlnation of Judge Daly, a Demo
crat who had been on the bench for
twenty-eight years. The Republicans re
nominated him. but Tammany refused to
do so; and the issue was made by the
Bar Association that Daly was turned
down by Croker, because he would not
appoint a Tammany man in place of an
old and very efficient clerk. The com
mittee of One Hundred was almost en
tirely made up of Democratic lawyers.
At a meeting they held in Carnegie Hall
Bourke Cochran made a magnificent
speech on this issue; and, as a result,
Daly ran ahead of all the Republican
nominees.
"One very unfortunate thing: We lost
every Republican Congressman in ftew
York City and Brooklyn— seven all told—
and Tammany carried all Its Judges. VV c
elected a Republican Legislature, how
ever, in both branches. And we elected
our entire State ticket in spite of the
very large Democratic majority in Greater
New York. That means that we shall
elect a Republican Senator in place of
Murphy." ...
"How about the gubernatorial contest?
"Roosevelt's Integrity and txce'.lent char
acter were very strong factors in obtain
ing votes for him from all parties. In
our Assembly district he got a very large
number of independent votes from men
who had faith in him on acount of his
splendid political record. His absolute
honesty is never questioned; and he got
even- Republican vote in the State— and a
good many Democratic ones besides.
"We certainly made a very active cam
paign all over the State and the results
showed. I think, that the people of the
State at large still have entire confidence
In the Republican party and in the pres
6I Mr a Davis is a native of California and
a nephew of Bx-Congressman Horace
Davis, and his visit to the coast is for
purpose of settling the estate of his
father. George H. Davis, who died in Italy
last year.
LIEUT. BENNETT'S REPORT.
General Merriam Will Use Discretion
in Making Its Contents Public.
Lieutenant John B. Bennett completed
his report on the Fort Baker scandals
yesterday, and It will be placed in the
possession of General Merriam to-day.
The contents of the report is unknown
and every avenue of information is being
guarded, so it will not become public
matter until the general examines it and
decides upon its disposition.
It is deemed useless to send any more
cavalrymen to the Philippines as they
cannot be accomi.anied by horses and
must do regular infantry service. They
are useful at home as cavalrymen and
can take the place of infantry companies
fn the work of properly conducting and
policing Government reservations lor
S °Orden3 were issued from the department
headquarters yesterday discharging from
the service a number of privates and
soldiers of the volunteer troops. These
men will be physically examined before
they are dismissed. A number of them
applied for discharges and did not ac
company their respective companies to
Bids a will be opened on the 29th of this
month for work on the new general hos
pital to be erected at the Presidio. W ork
is rapidly progressing on the barracks
which are being built for the New \ ork
regiment and the battalion of engineers
now stationed across the Pacific. The
disappearing carriage for the large 12
inch rifle at the Presidio will be in place
in about a month. An 8-inch disappear
ing carriage and an S-inch rifle will arrive
in a short time from the East.
FAMOUS LION TAMEB.
lime. Schell to Appear in This City.
Mme. Schell, the famous European
Hem tamer, will appear with her lions
at Glen Park, the Mission Zoo, on Sun
day.
Mme. Schell is one of the most suc
cessful lion tamers of modern times
and the daring of this little woman and
the performance of her three ferocious
lions excels anything of a like charac
ter ever before exhibited in public.
Professor Raymous, the champion
high diver of the world, will be one of
the other attractions at Glen Park on
Sunday. The professor's principal feat
will be an attempt to dive into a
stream in Glen Park from a pedestal
one hundred (100) feet in height.
Runaway Car on Ellis Street.
A car on the Ellis-street line dashed
over five blocks from Devisadero street
to Stelner, absolutely beyond control, last
Thursday evening. The momentum of the
car increased ■with the distance, and the
track being slippery from the fog prevent
ed the brakes from performing 1 their func
tion. The motorman attempted to reverse
the car, but the trolley had jolted from
the wire and he was powerless until the
car reached Steiner street, where the road
is more level, and the car slowed up of its
own accord. An exciting condition pre
vailed. Men jumped from the swaying car
and women fainted. The trolley pole cut
many of the wires overhead as it plowed
its way along, and the path of the car
was covered with broken glass from the
windows.
Fortunately there were few-- people on
the streets which were passed, and no
collision occurred.
In the Divorce Courts.
Kate L. Petty was granted a divorce
from William G. Petty yesterday on the
ground of willful neglect. Decrees of di
vorce on the ground of extreme cruelty
have been granted Grace H.- Dunphy from
TV. F. Dunphy and Nellie L. Miller from
William Y. Miller. Suits for divorce on
the ground of desertion have been filed,
by Leah Lyons against Alexander Lyons,
Charles J. Cullen against Justina Cullen,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
■ — B-B-B-B— B B— B— B-B— B— B— B-B-B— B-B-B-B-B-B— B-B— B— B— B-
SSATTTI? DAY'S SPECIALS!
l .:. . — — ®s®g®s>®®®®®®<sxs^ — ■ — ■ —
1 AN ATTRACTIVE ARRAY
B OF
B - — — ®®®@®®<SXl)®®®®®®®®- : ;
" Our special offering this week comprises the most season-
B able and select portion of our stock at
■ JR^arkably_Lo\A^ Quotations !
I STORE OP£nl/NTIL 1O O'CLOCK THIS EVENING.
I / MEN'S
T WINTER UNDERWEAR.
m
I
■ ax isko.
± 3 cases MEN'S HEAVY CASHMERE
■ WOOL SOCKS, in sanitary gray ;
■ I ■ and fancy mixed colors, worth $2 00 I
■ doz., will be offered at 12& c pair. j.
H- AX 25c,
J, 140 doz. MEN'S AUSTRALIAN WOOL
H AND CAMEL'S HAIR MIXED I
I socks, made full finished and with
21 double spliced heels and toes, good
.1. value for $4 00 doz., will be offered J
mm 8 1 25c pair. ' :
■ ... AX 75C.
I 2 cases MEN'S -HEAVY WOOL UN-
Hi ,' DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
T warranted shrunk, good value for
X $1 25, will be offered at 75c each.
II AX
I 2 lots of MEN'S AUSTRALIAN
■ WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND
T DRAWERS, in fancy mixed and
»i vicuna shades (odd sizes), worth
V ?1 50, will be offered at $1 each.
H * $1.50.
E] 3 cases MEN'S EXTRA FINE AUS-
7 TRALIAN LAMBS' WOOL UN-
i, DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, in I
■ sanitary gray, vicuna, camels hair
I and cadet blue shades, good value
■ for $2 00, will be offered at $1 oO
| each. ' ■'■'-7-'-~'-"' : - ; " \ !
B
53 At Less Than Manafactorers* Cost.
I ALL ODD GARMENTS IN MEN'S |
D WOOLEN AND MERINO UN- j
I DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS .
m will be closed out at less than cost ,
I of manufacture.
■
B 1/1/ \ Murphy Building-, *
■ Market and Jones Streets.
and Charles F. Suss against Susie Suss.
Ida Las was granted a divorce from Con
stantlne G. Las on the ground of deser
tion.
Caledonian Club Officers.
The Caledonian Club met last night and
elected the following officers for the en
puing year: Angus McLeofl chief, A. M.
Macpherson first chieftain, F. F. Finlay
second chieftain, Andrew McXair third
chieftain, J. E. MacCormac fourth chief
tain. Dr. J. A. J. McDonald physician.
Directors: A. Lauriston, D. H. Finnic, J.
J. Cameron. J. P. MacCormack and J. A.
McLeod. Scottish Hall directors: Angus
McLeod. George Davidson, Charles A.
McPhee, D. A. Macdonald and John M.
Duneaji.
The famous old JESSE MOORF. WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Insulted by Soldiers.
Mrs. Lena Silver, 1005 Mission street, a
solicitor for a local' photograph gallery,
swore to a warrant in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday for the arrest of two sol
diers at the Presidio on the charge of
using vulgar language toward her. She
went to the Presidio Thursday on busi
ness, and while a soldier was escorting
her out of the reservation two other sol
diers walked behind them and used most
insulting language toward her. The fore
man of the gallery complained to the mil
itary authorities and he was advised to
procure warrants for their arrest.
RIBBONS
AX lSso Yard.
No. 30 PLAID ST'RAH RIBBON. 3 inches
wide in medium and dark shartings,
worth 25 cents yard, will be closed out
at 12^} cents yard.
.A.t 15G "Yard.
No. 16 and No. 22 COLORED MOIRE
RIBBON, all silk, from VA Inches to
3 Inches wide, extra quality, in a fine
assortment of shades, worth 2oc yard,
will be offered at 15c yard.
AX 250 Yard.
No. 60 and No. 80 BLACK MOIRE AND
BLACK SATIN AND GROS GRAIN
SASH RIBBON, all silk, from 4^
inches to 5 inches wide, worth 45 cents
and 50 cents yard, will be offered at
25 cents yard.
LADIES'
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
AX 6OC.
LADIES' HEAVY MUSLIN GOWNS,
yoke back. Empire style, neck finished
with embroidery, will be offered at 50c
AX 760.
LADIES' FINE MUSLIN GOWNS, yoke
finished, with hemstitching and tucks,
lined back, regular price $1 00, will be
offered at 75c.
ax eso.
LADIES' EIDERDOWN DRESSING
SACQUES, tipht-fitting back, loose
front, will be offered at 65c.
\/\/ Murphy Building-, Jf
Market anil Jones Struts.
CHOSE DEATH
TO HUNGER
AND SOLITUDE
Attempted Suicide of
a Woman.
MARY SCHUTTER'S WOES
JUMPED IN THE BAY, BUT "WAS
BESCUED.
Deserted by Her Husband, She Made
a Determined Attempt to
End Her Exist
ence.
Penniless and hungry,- Mary Schutter.
a middle-aged woman, late yesterday
afternoon attempted to end her exist
ence by jumping in the bay at the foot
of Buchanan street. She was rescued
by a boatman. In the boat at the time
was a real estate dealer named Ker
win, who, after listening to her sad
story, gave her $2 50. He also gave the
unfortunate woman his business ad
dress and told her to call upon him
whenever she lacked sufficient money
to get something to eat.
Kerwin telephoned for the Receiving
Hospital ambulance and the woman
was removed to the hospital.
To the matron the unfortunate woman
said she was tired of living and wanted
to die. •
"1 wa* married some time ago, she
tearfully remarked, "and as my hus
band did not treat me properly 1 deter
mined to leave him. Atter cc-nsider
able trouble I procured work as a do
mestic, but being sick and despondent
I resolved to commit suicide. About a
month ago I jumped in the bay off
Howard-street wharf, but was rescued
by a policeman, who had been watch
ing me for some time, evidently divin
ing my intention.
"About 8 o'clock yesterday morning
I went to the foot of Buchanan street,
determined that the second attempt at
suicide would not be a failure. There
were a number of people present, and
rather than take a chance on making
the second failure I sat down, anxiously
waiting an opportunity to jump in the
bay. I had not eaten anything since
the night previous and was almost
famished. After awaiting my chance
all day the opportunity arrived shortly
after 5 o'clock. As soon as the visitors
disappeared I threw off ray hat and
coat and Jumped into the water.
"Just as I was losing consciousness
I felt somebody grab me by the hair
and realized I was being dragged into
a boat. In a short time I recovered
consciousness, and was surprised to
find myself lying on the sandy shore
with two men standing over me fran
tically endeavoring to revive me.
"The real estate dealer, after I told
him I was hungry, gave me $2 50, after
kindly offering to do- all in his power to
assist me in procuring employment.
The water was so cold that I do not
think I will again attempt to commit
suicide In that way."
Several charitably Inclined persons
have interested themselves in the
HOSIERY.
AX 100.
I 100 doz. CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK-
COTTON HOSE, worth $2 00 do.
will be sold for 10c pair. '
At 150.
200 doz. CHILDREN'S NARROW
AND BICYCLE RIBBED FAST
BLACK COTTON HOSE, extra
heavy, with double heels and sole,
usual price $3 00 doz., will be sold
for 15c pair. - r -v
At 260.
100 doz.. LADIES' IMPORTED FAST
BLACK , REAL MACO COTTON
HOSE, spliced heels and soles,
worth $4 00 doz., will be on said at
25c pair.
. AX 250.
150 doz. LADIES' FINE CASHMERE
HOSE, also extra heavy ribbed
wool, at 25c pair.
AX 500.
100 doz. LADIES' IMPORTED FAST
BLACK CASHMERE HOSE, extra
heavy heels and soles, at 50c.
UNDERWEAR AT $1.00.
200 doz. LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED
WOOL VESTS, in white, gray,
black and pink, at $1 00 each.
i ________^
[Fig Murphy Bulldinar, J
Martst and Jones Streets.
woman's behalf and will endeavor to
procure employment for her.
This Week's Wasp.
Jokes, sketches and humorous skits fill
this week's Wasp from cover to cover.
A cartoon depicts the fondness of opera
bouffe General Bumm Hearst for smoke
smelling and buckets of blood. Mulroney
contributes an inimitable article on tha
making and building up of a great news
paper. An incident at Ingleside is re
lated by Teresa Doane in her Social 9Hdo
Lights; she discusses also in an enter
taining manner the woman a man mopt
admires, and the theaters and musical
events of the week are reviewed inter
estingly. Attired in colors of blue, the
Wasp offers reading lor Thanksgiving
week that will lighten a dull hour for any
one.
For St. Alban's.
A muscale and recital will be given
in Golden Gate Hall on Wednesday even
ing, November 30. for the benefit of St.
Alban's Episcopal Mission. Some of the
best vocalists in the city have been pro
cured, and the affair promises to be a
splendid success. Dancing will conclude
the evening's entertainment. _____
ADVEBTISEM3NTS.
WE AIM TO
Excel in the art of laundrying shirts,
collars and cuffs.
Your collars never comeback with
ragged edges. Our new "saw-edge"
machine smooths them down and
makes an old collar as comfortable
to wear as a new one.
The United States offica
1004 Market street; Telephone
South 420. ,
J GOOD COOKS 1
1 HAVE USED IT I
I EORSO YEARS g
J r AND -*% I
fcfl ■■ _H ___9I Wa KB ?■?■»_— n f*^—__r
j fes^PERFECTLYPURE^Q 1
ONCE TRIED ■
L_always usroj