VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 39.
SANTIAGO WILL SURRENDER
PEACE NEGOTIATIONS TO FOLLOW
WORSHIPS
WILL AID
SHIFTER
LiQares Still F|olds Out,
Despite tf)e Advice
of Toral.
— — — — — — — — ___ t
Sampson's Guns Will Tl^row Shells
iQto tJ)e City From a Point
Off flguadores.
WASHINGTON, July B.— The War Department has
posted the following bulletin:
"Hon. R. A. Alger, Secretary of War, Camp near San
tiago, July 7. — Perfect quiet. At the request of the Span
ish general, employes of the English Cable Company were
sent in to him to telegraph his Government as to surrender
ing. The men are in good spirits and are making them
selves more secure every hour. Their wounds are much less
dangerous than similar wounds made with 45 caliber. Among
the large number of wounded there are few amputations.
[iixyi '. ii ,\iil cover it. The genera! health of the com
mand is good. One hundred and fifty cases of fever will
have run their courses in four or five days, but none are ser
ious. lam feeling much better.
"SHAFTER, Major General."
Special Cable to The Call and tbe New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by James Gordon Bennett.
GENERAL SHAFTER'S HEADQUARTERS
BEFORE SANTIAGO, July 7, by Herald-Call
dispatch boat Somers N. Smith, via Port An
tonio, Jamaica, July B.— During a truce
which General Shafter effected with Gen
eral Linares, the American land and sea
forces have perfected plans to deal a crush
ing blow to the city of Santiago on Saturday.
General Shafter has succeeded
in getting his siege guns into
commanding positions at the
front, and Sergeant Hallett Al
sop P. Borrowe now has his dy
namite gun repaired and in posi
tion on San Juan Hill. Our
troops also have fortified them
selves with protected rifle pits,
from which they will be able to
do the enemy much harm, with
out themselves being especially
exposed to the enemy's fire.
In addition to these advan
tages, gained on land by General
Shafter, he has arranged with Ad
miral Sampson for the fleet to
participate in Saturday's attack
on the city. As I have shown in
previous dispatches, it has been
impracticable for the fleet to shell
Santiago from the bay, owing to
the presence of mines and the sta
tioning of 500 riflemen to protect
the mines. To get around this
difficulty, Admiral Sampson has
decided to bombard Santiago
from off Aguadores, from which
point the guns of the fleet will be
able to do great damage to the
beleaguered city.
General Shafter has been hold
ing off to give General Linares
time to think over his hopeless
situation and afford an opportun
ity for the Archbishop of Santi
ago and foreign consular repre
sentatives to exert their influence
for peace. The truce proper end
ed at 5 o'clock yesterday after
noon, but an hour later General
Shafter sent a letter to General
Linares, announcing the destruc
tion of Admiral Cervera's fleet
The San Francisco Call
and again suggesting the surren
der of the city as a matter of ur
gent military expediency.
I am not informed of the exact
contents of General Shafter's
communication, but I am told by
a reliable authority that it sug
gested that General Linares send
an officer through the lines to
consult with Admiral Cervera at
Siboncy.
In his reply to this letter, which
General Shafter received early
this morning, General Linares
declared that his sense of military
honor required him to defend
Santiago to the last, and that he
could surrender the city only
when forced or bidden to do so
by superior authority.
General Linares' pride gradu
ally is giving way under the men
tal strain he is subjected to and
the depressing influence of his
painful wound. He is be ng
strongly urged to surrender by
General Toral, the next in rank,
who is known to be anxious to
yield to General Shafter.
Tremendous pressure un
doubtedly is being brought to
bear on General Linares to in
duce him to surrender. But he
still is stubborn and wants to
shirk the responsibility.
Admiral Sampson visited the
front to-day and had a long con
sultation with the military au
thorities. Careful observations
were taken from the hills with a
view to enabling the fleet to take
a position off Aguadores and
from there join in the bombard
ment of Santiago. His gunners
SAN FIIANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
CALL OFFICE, RIGGS HOUSE, WASHINGTON, July 9, 1898.
I received to-ni^ht from a very high source the information that Santiago will
surrender. The adjutant general will not confirm the report, but I have good rea
son to believe it is true.
Am also informed by the same person that the administration expects peace
negotiations to be made almost immediately upon the receipt of the news that
Santiago has surrendered.
THE SQUADRON WITH WHICH COMMODORE WATSON WILL SEEK OUT AND DESTROY ADMIRAL CAMARA'S FLEET
AND RAVAGE THE COAST OF SPAIN.
The # Newark; With the lowa and Oregon 'Witt Sail Direct From Santiago, While the Dixie, Yankee and Yosemite, With Five Colliers and a
Supply Ship, flfter Rendezvousing at hjarnpton Roads, Will Depart to ttye Eastward, the Whole Squadron Coming Together at Some Point
in tbe Atlantic to Be Fixed by tf}e Secretary of th>e Navy.
will have to try a range of 8000
yards from Aguadores to Santi
ago, but Admiral Sampson be
lieves the heavier guns of the
fleet can materially assist the
army in bringing the Spanish
general to terms of surrender.
LINARES COMMUNICATING
WITH HIS SUPERIORS
Copyrighted, ISSB, by the Associated Press.
MAJOR GENERAL SHAFTER'S
HEADQUARTERS, BEFOR-E SANTI
AGO DE CUBA, July 7, by the Asso
ciated Press dispatch-boat Dauntless
(vis. Port Antonio and Kingston, Ja
maica), July 8. — The armistice has been
extended to noon Saturday in order to
allow Linares to communicate with
Blanco and with Madrid.
General Linares Informed General
Shafter that he had no telegraph ope
rator, and one was sent to the city, ac
companied by the British Consul, F. R.
Ramsden, under the British flag.
The armistice Is affording a long
needed rest for our men and they are
now in good shape to resume fighting.
The Spanish cruisers are still filled
with charred bodies and the buzzards
are devouring the remains. The Cu
bans, by Rear Admiral Sampson's or
ders, have buried the bodies of over
100 Spaniards who were washed ashore.
ELEVEN LIGHTERS LOST
DURING A STORM
WASHINGTON, July B.— The War
Department was advised to-night that
during a severe storm off the coast of
Cuba eleven lighters en route to San
tiago, In tow of tugs, were swamped
and lost. So far as known no lives were
lost. The lighters were froi.i Mobile,
New Orleans and Charleston and were
intended for the use of General Shaf
ter in transferring supplies and ord
nance from the transports to shore.
The department immediately put into
operation efforts to replace the lost
lighters.
OREGON MAY NOT TAKE
PART IN THE FIGHT
NEW YORK, July B.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Santiago,
according to the latest information,
will be bombarded first from the out
side harbor. The bombardment will be
opened most - robably by the battle
ships Massachusetts. Indiana and
Texas and the armored cruisers New-
York and Brooklyn. If, as is thought
now, the battle-ships Oregon and lowa
are to go to Guantanamo to coal pre
paratory to join the Eastern squadron
they may.not be present when the bom
bardment begins.
AMERICAN GUNBOAT
SCATTERS SPANIARDS
KEY WEST, July B.— On Wednesday,
while the Maple, of the blockading fleet,
was cruising off Cardenas, she sighted
about 4000 men, supposed to be Spanish
soldiers, on t he beach. The little gunboat
ventured about 50 shots from a distance of
about 4000 yards and scattered the sup-
Dosed Spaniards.
"PEACE!"
THE CRY
IN SPAIN
MADRID, July B.— The feature to-day
was the departure of the Duchess Isa
bel, mother of the Queen Regent. With
her eyes welling with tears she turned
to the generals assembled on the plat
form and confided her daughter to their
care. It was a touching sight.
The incomprehensible mercurial
Spanish temperament is again vividly
demonstrated. Yesterday every one
was talking wildly for war. To-day,
after a night's reflection, "peace" is the
word upon almost every lip. It is curi
ous in this respect to note that impres
sion made by the conduct of American
naval men toward Spanish prisoners
has produced a feeling highly appre
ciated here, that Americans have the
innate spirit of military chivalry which
up to now it has been denied they pos
sessed. In fact, as a Spaniard sitting
next to me Justly said:
"It shows they are a race of men who
have true military instincts."
LONDON, July B.— Dispatches from the
Continental capitals still talk of Euro
pean intervention in the Hispano-
American war. France Is being rep
resented as taking the initiative and
Germany and the other powers as de
clining to interfere.
A special dispatch from Madrid, re
viewing the situation, says: All Spain
knows of her defeat, and the people are
beginning to realize the magnitude of
the disaster. Extraordinary military
precautions have been taken to quell
any Internal troubles.
The peninsula armies will show a to
tal of 220,000 men by July 15. The rail
roads are preparing war trains on all
lines, and carriages are in readiness at
all the garrison stations.
A high authority, however, expresses
the opinion that the rank and file of
the soldiers are inclined to condemn
the war, and feel they are being driven
to bloodshed for an unjust cause by
scheming politicians, and he, therefore,
doubts the army's attitude in the event
of civil troubles.
The officers, too, while anxious for
war, are divided on the question of
loyalty to the various claimants to the
throne. This question of succession is
an important factor in a terribly tense
situation. It is believed the Govern
ment is anxious to find a pretext to
arrest General Weyler, fearing the part
he might play in the event of trouble
breaking out.
ST. PETERSBURG, July B.— The
Russian officials and the general public
here are strongly in favor of speedy
peace as the only salvation for Spain,
and the newspapers recommend the in
tervention of Europe to compel a ces
sation of hostilities.
Senor Gamazo and the Minister of
Foreign Affairs had a long conference
to-day on the subject of peace. To un
derstand the significance of this meet
ing it must be understood that one rep
resents the extreme war- element and
the other the peace party. Senor Sa
gasta arranged the conference to try
to find some middle course for the Gov
ernment. A member of the Cabinet to
day expressed the opinion that if the
United States would accept the inde
pendence of Cuba under an American
protectorate a solid basis for peace
could be reached.
MADRID, July B.— According to a
dispatch received from Havana Cap
tain General Blanco openly urges the
continuation of the war. The news
papers of this city say the moment has
not arrived to sue for peace, one of
them adding:
"We find ourselves in a position from
which we are able to make our enemies
feel the consequences of the war."
WASHINGTON, July B.— There was
| a continuation of peace talk to-day and
i other evidences in this line are coming
to the surface. Such, for instance, was
the confirmation by the State Depart
! ment of the report that the Cadiz fleet
was returning to Spain, since it is
scarcely conceivable that the Spanish
Government would doom this last rem
nant of its fleet to destruction at the
hands of Watson's squadron, which in
all probability could head it off before
it reached Cadiz, its home port. There
fore, the assumption is that the Span
ish Government calculates that at least
an armistice precedent to peace will be
obtained before the ships reach Spain.
ROME, July B.— The Italia says ne
gotiations have been opened among the
European powers with a view of ar
ranging peace. The best intentions,
the paper asserts, are manifested at
Washington, but the Madrid Cabinet
strongly opposes any idea of peace.
NEW YORK, July B.— The Journal's
London correspondent sends the fol
lowing: Spain has at length sought
peace, applying to Sir Henry Drum
mond Wolff, the Briti. a Embassador at
Madrid. The British Foreign Office has
presented the communication to colonel
John Hay, our Ambassador to England.
Official denials of this have been made
and they are technically correct, but it
is a fact that overtures have been
made.
The terms suggested as acceptable to
Spain are these:
Cuba to be independent, but to pay
to Spain an indemnity for several
years.
Spain to keep a minor Cuban port
until this indemnity shall have been
paid.
The great powers to send small de
tachments of troops to certain Cuban
ports.
The Philippine Islands to be In
dependent.
The United States to occupy Porto
Rico as security for the payment of a
war Indemnity, the amount of which
shall be negotiated.
These terms are regarded as merely
a minimum of what Spain exp2cts to
be asked of her.
Bennington Leaves Mare Island.
VALLEJO, July B.— The Bennlngton
left the navy-yard for San Francisco at
2:30 this afternoon.
C. C. CARLTON.
WATSON WILL
SAIL WITH A
LARGE FLEET
NEW YORK, July B.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: In
view of the return of Admiral Camara's
fleet to Spain the authorities are con
sidering the advisability of strengthen
ing the eastern squadron. As at present
organized the squadron consists of the
battleships lowa and Oregon; the pro
tected cruiser Newark (flagship) and
the auxiliary cruisers Yankee, Yose
mite and Dixie, besides a supply ship
and six colliers. This squadron will be
expected to meet and destroy the bat
tleship Pelayo, the armored cruiser
Carlos V, the ironclads Vltoria and
Numancia, three torpedo-boat destroy
ers, eleven torpedo boats and v number
of auxiliary cruisers.
While having faith in Commodore
Watson's ability to do this it is deemed
advisable to place at his disposal a
stronger force, at the same time retain
ing enough vessels on this side of the
Atlantic to defend the coast, maintain
the Cuban blockade and aid the army
In the invasion of Porto Rico.
There has been considerable doubt as
to whether the squadron would sail for
Spain if the Madrid Government or
dered Camara's fleet to return, but I
was assured after consideration was
given to the matter to-day that the
fleet would sail without fall.
"The orders to the fleet are no longer
in the nature of a bluff," a high official
told me. "Commodore Watson will go
to Spain and he will go as promptly as
possible."
The authorities have gone so far as
to select a rendezvous where Commo
dore Watson will collect his ships. This
point is in the \-cinity of Santiago,
where the battleships, two of the aux
iliary cruisers and his flagship are
lying. Should it be determined to in
crease his squadron it is not expected
that any additional armorclads will be
assigned to his command, as it is
thought desirable to keep a strong
force on this side of the water.
It is expected that by Thursday next
the fleet will be on its way across the
Atlantic, and in the meantime the au
thorities will determine what additional
ships should be placed under Commo
dore Watson's orders.
It can be stated on authority that it
will be Commodore Watson's duty to
find Camara's fleet and destroy it.
MADRID, July B.— La Correspond
encla de Espana says there is a feeling
of alarm due to the belief that the
United States warships Oregon. Texas
and New York are now on their way
to Spain, and precautions are being
taken at all the seaports to avoid a
surprise.
PARIS, July B.— A dispatch from Is
mailia sayß the Spanish squadron has
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
re-entered the canal on its way back
to Spain.
SUEZ, July B.— The Spanish squadron
is preparing to return to Spain.
SPANISH TROOPS AT
GUANTANAMO STARVING
Pitiful Story Told by an Emaciated
Soldier Picked Up by Men
From the Annapolis.
PLAYA DEL, ESTE, GUANTANAMO
BAY, CUBA, July 8, 6p. m.— A Spanish
soldier, terribly emaciated and so weak
that he could hardly walk, was picked
up by men from the United States gun
boat Annapolis to-day at a point near the
entrance to the upper bay. He had no
rifle, for he was too weak to carry it.
According to his story there are many
Spanish soldiers in Gauntanamo in the
same condition of starving. He says
there is absolutely nothing to eat there,
but that the Spaniards are daily told that
if they surrender to the Americans they
will be murdered.
Over 20,000 rations for reconcentrados
have been landed across the bay by Com
mander McCalla of the Marbiehead. and
the half-starved Cubans are flocking in
from the hills for food.
GENERAL MILLS GOES
ABOARD THE YALE
CHARLESTON, S. C., July B.— The
cruisers Yale and Columbia, with the
Sixth Massachusetts and one battalion
of the Sixth Illinois aboard, lie off the
lightship at the entrance of the harbor
to-night and probably will leave be
fore daybreak for Cuba.
General Nelson A. Miles and his
staff arrived in the city at 6:30 p. m.
and went out to the Yale. The expe
dition numbers in all 1720 men. There
are still in the city 4000 troops, and oth
ers are expected here from Chicka
mauga.
OUR HAWAIIAN
COMMISSIONERS.
WASHINGTON, July B.— The
Hawaiian Commission will be
composed of the following- on the
part of the United States. Sen
ators Cullom and Morgan and
Representative Hitt of Illinois.
They will select two residents of
Hawaii and it is believed that
Governor Eole and Chief Justice
Judd will b3 chosen. Senator Da
vis has declined the nomination
and Cullom will be named in his
place.2
STAYED ON
THE WRECK
TILL DAWN
Hobson's Surrender Was
Received by Cervera
in Person.
The Merrimac Hero Given an
Ovation on His Return to
the New York.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press.
< iFF SANTIAGO, July 8 (by the As
sociated Press Dispatch Boat Daunt
less, via Port Antonio and Kingston,
Jamaica, July S).— The return of As
sistant Naval Constructor Hobson to
his f=hip. the l.agship New York, last
night was ma' ■•<! by wik enthusiasm.
Behind Hobson came Colonel John Ja
cob Astor and the first thing Hobson
tried to do was to introduce him to
the officers, but Colonel Astor got lost
In the crowd which purged around, in
sisting upon shaking Hobson's hand.
The transports blew their whistles.
When Hobson sat once more among
hip mesßmates he told the story of his
c, his marvelous escape and
his Imprisonment in Morro Castle.
"I did not miss the entrance to the
harbor," he said, "as Ensign Powell,
cm the launch, supposed. I headed east
until 1 got my bearings and then made
for it, straight in. Then came the firing.
lv was grand, flashing out first from
one side of the harbor and then the
other from those b!g guns on the hills,
the Vizcaya, lying inside the harbor,
joining in.
"Troops from Santiago had rushed
down when the news of the Merrimac's
coining w;is telegraphed, and soldiers
lined the foot of the cliffs, firing wildly
; s and killing each other with their
j-flre. The Merrimac's steering
g< ar broke as she got to Estrella Point.
only three of the torpedoes on her
led when I touched the but
ton. A huge submarine mine caught
her full amidships, hurling water high
in the air and tearing a great rent in
the Merrimac's side.
"Her stern ran upon Estrella Point.
Chiefly owing to the work done by the
mine she began to sink slowly. At that
Bhe was across the channel, bui
a she settled the tide drifted her
around. We were all aft, lying on the
deck. Shells and bullets whistled
around us. The six-inch shells from
the Vizcaya came tearing into the
.Mtrriinac, crashing into wood and iron,
and passing clear through, while the
plunging shots from the forts broke
L'h her decks.
•' 'Not a man must move,' I said, and
it was only owing to the splendid dis
cipline of the men that all of us were
killed as the shells sailed over us
and minutes became hours of suspense.
The men's mouths grew parched, but
we must lit- there until daylight, 1 told
them. Now and again one or the other
c men lying with his face glued
tv the deck and wondering whether the
shell would not come our way
would say. ' Hadn't we better get off
now, sir? 1 But I said: 'Wait till day
light.'
"It would have been impossible to
get the catamaran anywhere but to the
Bhore where the soldiers stood shoot
ing and I hoped that by daylight we
might be recognized and saved. The
grand old Merrimac kept sinking. 1
wanted tv go forward and see the dam
ione there where nearly all the
fire was directed, but one man said that
if 1 arose it would draw the fire on the
rest. So I lay motionless. It was
splendid the way those men behaved.
The fire of the oldiers, the batteries
and the Vizcaya was awful.
"When the water came up on the
Merrimac's decks the catamaran float
ed amid the wreckage, but was still
made fast to the boom and we caught
hold of the edge and clung on, our
heads being above water. One man
thought we were safer right there; it
was quite light, the firing had ceased,
except that on the New York launch,
and I feared Ensign Powell and his
men had been killed. A Spanish launch
came toward t' Merrimac. Sve agreed
to capture her and run. Just as she
came close the Spaniards saw us and
a half dozen marines jumped up and
pointed their rifles at our heads.
" 'Is there any officer in that boat to
receive a surrender of prisoners of
war?' I shouted.
"An old man leaned over under the
awning and waved his hand. It was
Admiral Cervera. The marines low
ered their rifles and we were helped into
the launch.
"Then we were put into cells in Morro
Castle. Afterward we were taken into
Santiago. I had the court-martial room
in the barracks. My men were kept
prisoners in the hospital. From my
window I could see the army moving
across the open and being shot down
by the Spaniards in the rifle pitu in
front of me. The Spaniards became
as polite as could be. I knew something
was coming and then I was ex
changed."
Mr. Ramsden. the British Consul at
Santiago, was tireless in his efforts to
secure comfort for Hobson and his men.
Lieutenant Hobson could not under
stand his promised exceptional promo
tion, but was overjoyed to learn the
news that his bravery had been recog
nized by the people. He is the same
simple, unaffected, enthusiastic Hob
son, more anxious to talk about the ef
fect of exploding shells and army moves
than about his own brave deed. The
men who came with him received a
ringing reception. All are doing well.
HOBSON THE IDOL
OF HIS BRAVE CREW
Special cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
WITH ADMIRAL SAMPSON'S
Fi-EET, OFF S...JTIAGO. July 7 (via
Call-Herald Dispatch Boat Somers N.
Smith to Port Antonio, Jamaica, July
S). — Ever- one of the seven brave men
who went with Naval Constructor
Hobson on the Merrimac Is loud in his
praise of Hobson's course during the
now historic ( ploit. I had chats with
the members of - obson's crew to-day
and they added some interesting details
to the story as I sent it to The Call and
Herald from Hobson's own lips last
night.
"No braver or cooler man than Hob
son lives," said John Kelly. "If it had
not ~een for him, matters would have
gone much harder with us."
"Yes," said John P. Phillips, chiming
in, "he is a wonderful man. It is simply
a miracle that all of us escaped without
injury. When the Merrimac ran into
the harbor Hobson stood on the bridge
smiling as he looked through his
glasses and saw how well we were pro
gressing. He kept the collier headed
straight toward the channel, and never
faltered when bullets and shells came
falling about him. And, later on, when
we were taken on board the Reina Mer
cedes dressed only in the wet under
wear which we had cut off at the knees.
Hobson, as calm as ever, walked .up to
the commander of the Spanish vessel,
saluted him, and said:
" 'I demand whisky for mv men, who
have been long exposed in the water!"
"From the Reina Mercedes," Phillips
continued, "we were sent to Morro Cas
tle and kept in a vile place. Our guards
kept making signs intimating that they
would hang us."
"During the first bombardment of
the Morro," said Randolph Clausen,
another of the heroic Land, "the Span
ish guards begged the Merrimac men
to intercede for a cessation of ihe
American fire. When the Spanish
fleet was captured I saw Spanish offi
cers beat the guards and warn them
not to chow cowardice before the
"American pigs.' "
One of the Spanish guards told Clau-
Ben that the Spanish gunners had
killed fourteen and wounded thirty-five
of their own men in firing on the Merri
mac. He added that the hospitals were
filled with wounded and sick men who
had been filled with rum and rushed to
the front.
Hobson's men tell me they lived on
rice and sardines most of the time they
were held as prisoners.
Consul Ramsden, they said, brought
them extra food at times, including
meat, which cost 75 a pound.
Admiral Cervera called on Hobson
once and his men on several occasions
brought meat and other food to the
Merrimac'a crew. The Spanish garri
son in the cit. is Baid to live entirely
on rice and salt fish and there is much
sickness including several cases of yel
low fever. The Merrimac's men assert
that the city cannot long hold out, as
every available place is filled with
wounded soldiers. So hard pressed is
Linares, they ■tdd. that the men who
are only slightly wounded are being
compelled to go to the front to resist
the American advance.
ROOSEVELT ADVANCED
TO RANK OF COLONEL
Wood and McKibben Nominated for
Brigadier Generals by the
President.
WASHINGTON, July 8.-The President
to-day sent these nominations to the
Senate:
Volunteer army: Brlpndier generals of volun
teers to be major generals — Hamilton D. Haw
kins, Henry W. Lawton, Adna R. Chafi'te,
John C Hates.
To be brigadier generals — Colonel Leonard
Wood, Firft Regiment. United States Volun
teer Cavalry: Lieutenant Colonel Chambers
McKibben. Twenty-first Infantry.
First Regiment, Volunteer Cavalry: To be
colonel. Lieutenant Colonel Theodore Roose
velt.
To be quartermaster of volunteers, with rank
of colonel, Frank J. Hecker of Michigan.
To be chief surgeon, with rank of lieutenant
colonel, Major Philip F. Harvey, surgeon, U.
S. A.
To be division surgeon, with rank of major,
Charles M. Robertson of lowa.
To be brigade surgeons, with rank of major —
Royce Bayfry of Ohio, Elmer E. Heg of Wash
ington, Charles R. Parke of Pennsylvania,
Jabez N. Jackson of Missouri, Wallace HefC
of Ohio. George F. Shields of California, Wil
liam S. Bryant, assistant surgeon. First Mas
sachupeUs Heavy Artillery; William F. Dencd
nian, assistant Burgeon, Twenty-second Kansas
Volunteers; Francis C. Ford of Texas, Law
rence C. Carr of Ohio.
Volunteer Infantry, Second Regiment: To
be captains— Harry W. Miller, Stephen O. Fog
wa, John E. Morris, Edwin S. Brossard, Irvin
Mather, Charles A. McCoy, Frank J. Moone>
and O. Floyd Smith of Louisiana, Marshall S.
Bwalm and J. B. Masle, Ellas B. Wllcox, An
thony E. Fatjo of Texas.
To be first lieutenants — Louis A. Shallers,
Vivian Owynbell, George M. Stafford, Michael
Plckard of Louisiana, Edwin T. Rockwell oi
Ohio, Thomas A. Bagnall and Charles E.
Johns of Texas, John A. Gregory Jr. of Florida,
John Cunningham and Sydney Smith of Louis
iana, Dudley Tobln of Texas, James H. Hicks
of LoulFiana.
To be second lieutenants— John B. Lobrtell,
P. W. Woodollffe, John P. Magnum. Joshua A.
Trattl of I^ouisiana, John E. Nichols of Texas.
William F. Champlln of Mississippi, Lloyd
Parkinson of Louisiana, Walker W. Hammer
of Louisiana, Jesse W. Smith of Louisiana,
Harry H. Gregory of Florida.
First Infantry: To be second lieutenants-
Corporal John W. French, Company C, Twen
ty-lirst Infantry; Sergeant Cromwell Stace>,
Company D, Thirteenth Infantry.
To be Inspector general, with rank of ma
jor — Major Charles H. Heyt, assistant adjutant
general.
To be assistant adjutant general, with rank
of major— Captain William M. Simpson, Sev
enth Artillery.
Alice Rix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
WAKED THE WRONG MAN.
A fool, a barber, and a bald-headed
man were traveling toe-ether. Losing
their way, they were obliged to sleep
in the open at~ and, to avert danger,
It was agreed to watch b- turns. The
first lot fell on the barber, who for
amusement shaved the poor fool's head
while he v.as sleeping. He then woke
him, and the fool, raising his hand to
scratch his head, exclaimed, "Here's a
pretty mistake; you have awakened the
bald-headed man instead of me."— Tid
Bits.
THE SAIN" FEAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
BRIGADIER GENERAL JOHN C. BATES, COMMANDING
SECOND BRIGADE, LAWTON'S DIVISION.
PRAY FOR THE
WAR TO CEASE
Havana's Poor Dying in
the Streets.
SCENES OF TERRIBLE MISERY
BARRACKS FULL OF STARVING
WOMEN.
Neither Flour Nor Meat in Cuba's Be
leaguered Capital — Story of
a British Consular
Official.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by the Associated Press.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 8, 6 p. m.
—The British cruiser Talbot, which left
Havana on Tuesday. .Tulv 5, arrived at
Port Royal to-day with twenty-three
passengers, among them Sir Alexan
der Gollan, British Consul-General at
Havana, and Mr. Higglns of the Brit
ish Consulate there, both on leave,
which is given as the only explanation
of their departure. Mr. Jerome has
been left in charge of British affairs
in Havana.
Mr. Higgins 1: "The city of Ha
vana is quiet and there are no new
complications. The well-to-do inhabit
ants ar subsisting tolerably. but the
poor are dying of starvation in the
streets. There are many sights of ter
rible miser v. The barracks are filled
with starving womsn.
"Th>- soldiers are fairly well fed. Gen
eral Pando has been sending troops
into the interior, it is said, en route to
Santiago, but I do not see how they
will get there.
"The blockade Is maintained and ves
sels are frequently tuned back. Every
body Is anxious for the conclusion of
the war, though the soldiers wish to
fight and all the officilas are resolute.
There is no flour in Havana, and no
meat, while yams are scarce."
Sir Alexander Gollan declined to say
anything on the condition of things ,it
Havana. The other passengers of the
Talbot are for the most part female
refugees.
CIVIL OFFICIALS OF
SANTIAGO SURRENDER
NEW YORK, July B.— A cablegram
to the Journal '-om Sibonev. Cuba,
dated July 7, says: The entire civil
government of the city has already
surrendered and come over to our lines
for protection, deserting the military
and denouncing the mad persistence in
resisting at the expense of the destruc
tion of Santiago.
Yesterday evening the civil Governor,
Benor Ros; the Mayor, Senor Porrase,
and the President of the upper court of
justice came to Caney and delivered
themselves up to our forces. They had
been forbidden by General Toral to
leave town, but fearing death in the
bombardment or at the hands of the
Spanish soldiers during the outbursts
attending defeat, they sneaked away,
coming across the mountains in a
crowd of other refugees, and as soon as
possible revealed their identity to the
Americans. Orders were issued to treat
them with every possible considera
tion for their comfort.
WRETCHED PLIGHT OF
THE WOUNDED MEN
Without Shelter From the Fierce Sun
Bays and the Intermittent
Showers.
Speci.il cable to The Call nnd the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SHAFTER'S HEADQUARTERS BE
FORE SANTIAGO, July 6, by Call-
Herald dispatch boat Golden Rod to
Port Antonio, Jamaica, July 7. — Shock
ing conditions prevail in the general
hospital at these headquarters. There
is no shelter for scores of our soldiers,
but every member of General Shafter's
staff is provided with an individual
tent, in which he may be seen resting
in comfort by neglected sufferers.
The general army hospital here Is "In
a miserable condition. There are only
a few tents for the accommodation of
the wounded and the two large ones
now available for sufferers are filled
with Injured Cubans. Nearly all of
these men were hurt while engaged In
aimless wandeing about the field dur
ing the lighting on Friday and Satur
day. While the Cuban troops are thus
being well cared for our own troops
are crowded into smaller tents.
But even this is true only of the more
fortunate of the American sufferers.
Many lie entirely unsheltered from the
sun and the showers which fall daily
in this region. I am appalled at the
number of wounded soldiers who are
being subjected to a scorching sunbath
during part of the day and then to a
severe drenching during the other
hours.
I have made a careful investigation
Into the condition of our wounded
troops and to-day I found one man
lying unprotected in the sun with only
a pice of rubber pouch stretched on
the ground for a covering. He told me
with piteous fortitude that he had lain
in that condition for two days. Many
others I found were in an equally un
fortunate plight.
Our wounded are being taken to Sib
oney as fast as transportation can
be provided, but these facilities are en
tirely inadequate and many wounded
soldiers are compelled to lie for hours
without shelter. In . several instances
the sufferers have been subjected to
this treatment for days. Some regi
ments have received no rations for
three days. Thus while one regiment
is plentifully supplied with rations the
men in the adjoining regiment are suf
fering severely for want of food.
SHAFTER REPORTS HiS
KILLED AND WOUNDED
War Department Officially Notified of
the Result of the Battle of
Santiago.
WASHINGTON, July B.— The War De
partment has received the following dis
patch from General Shafter, giving, as
far as practicable up to this time, a state
ment of the total casualties in each divi
sion, except General Wheeler's, of the
army under his command, as a result of
the recent lighting:
PLATA DEL ESTE, July 7 (In camp near
Santiago, July fi).— Impossible so far to get re
turns but there have been treated In hospital
at Slhoney 1061 wounded and there are still 200
in husnitul hero. In Lawton's division there
are: Killed, 4 officers and 74 men; wounded.
14 officer! and 3i.~> men; missing, 1 man. In
Kent's division— Killed, 12 officers and 87 men;
wounded, 36 officers and 562 men; missing, 62
men. In Hates" brigade— Killed, 4 men; wound
ed 2 officers and 26 men; missing, 5 men. Siu
nal Corpe— Killed, l man; wounded, 1 man.
General Wheeler's report not yet received.
. SHAFTfcjR-.
WEIRD TALE OF DANGER
TO TREASURE SHIPS
Unfounded Report That a Spanish
Privateer Was Off Van
couver Island.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July B.— The
story that a Spanish privateer is lurk
ing in Queen Charlotte Sound to cap
ture the treasure ships coming down
from St. Michael has proved to be a
very cheap fake. The report was re
ceived here first from Washington, D.
C, in a private telegram to a shipping
man. This morning the Associated
Press sent in a brief dispatch from
Washington covering the startling
news. This was followed almost im
mediately afterward by a dispatch
from Victoria, as follows:
"United States Consul Smith has no
tified the Department at Washington
that Pilot Westerley, who had been en
gaged on the steamer Alj>ha for the
north, has abandoned the engagement,
having received a contract to take a
tugboat to a T-rlvateer lying hidden in
Queen Charlotte Sound and act as pilot.
The nilot has been paid $2000 in cash,
the contract idee being $3000. Consul
Smith is very reticent."
The Call correspondent found Pilot
Westerlund (not westerley) at his resi
dence, 385 Hastings street, to-night,
and he says there is absolutely no truth
in the dispatch.
Olaf Westerlund has lived here since
1882 and is one of the oldest and most
reliable pilots on the northern ports of
the Pacific. He joined the steamer
Alpha on her arrival at Victoria and
has not left her since reaching here
yesterday morning. Westerlund can
not imagine how the story became cir
culated, and is naturally very much
concerned about it. When I found him
to-night and showed him the Victoria
dispatch he hotly declared he would not
turn Spaniard for twice that sum. He
added:
"I have a bone to pick with the
United States Government just the
same for having robbed me of a seal
ing schooner some years ago, but I
would not be guilty of picking it that
way."
He regards the story of the priva
teer being in the Northern Pacific as
altogether improbable. The Alpha
leaves here for St. Michael to-morrow
night and he will be aboard. It is said
the story was originated in the East by
people who were anxious to see the
gold come down in British vessels.
♦
Deadly Microbes in a Pinch of Dust
by
Dr. Pillsbury in Next Sunday's Call.
WATCHING THE
BOLD KAISER
He May Make a Grab in
the Philippines.
SERIOUS NEWS FROM MANILA
SENSATIONAL DEVELOPMENTS
EXPECTED.
Humors of a Contemplated Step by
Germany That Might Precipi
tate a General Euro
pean War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July B.— The Even
ing Star has a copyrighted London ca
ble which says:
Developments ct high international
import may be expected in the Philip
pines within the next few weeks. In
formation reaches me to-day from a
high London dinlomatic quarter that
the unprecedented action of Germany
in marshaling her whole Eastern
squadron at Manila is the prelude to
decisive steps.
My informant, who cannot well be
misinformed, says that the decision has
already been arrived at in Berlin to
occupy one of the Phillipplne Islands as
a coaling station in the far East, which
the Kaiser said recently was vital to
Germany's position as a great power.
A further decision as to exactly which
Island shall be occupied and the ex
act day of the occupation awaits Prince
Henry's arrival at Manila, whither he
is now h "nd, but at most it will be
only a question of weeks.
My subsequent inquiries in other
well informed quarters indicate that
Germany's creation of a coaling station
at the Philippines is confidently ex
pected in German diplomatic quarters.
NEW YORK, July B.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The latest report from London to the
effect that Germany is preparing to
seize one of the Philippines as a coaling
station is not credited here, as it is not
believed Germany is desirous of bring
ing about a rupture with the United
States. If such action should be taken
a rupture could hardly be avoided, as
occupation of any one of the Philip
pine Islands by a third power at this
time, with or without the consent of
Spain, could not but be regarded as an
act of hostility toward the United
States. Not only would Germany by
such action be in danger of bringing
about a war with the United States but
there would be grave danger of precipi
tating a general European war.
HONGKONG, July 8.--A dispatch
from Manila under date of July 4 says
that Admiral Dewey will remain in
active until General Merritt arrives.
The rebels are practically doing noth
ing, but the Spaniards are strengthen
ing their position, destroying huts and
woods and constructing intreneh
ments. The authorities have enacted a
penalty of $1000 against anybody who
shall raise the prices of provisions'. The
Spaniards assert that, despite the loss
of the water works, there will be no
water famine during the rainy season.
CAVITE, P. 1., July 4 (via Hong
kong, July 8). — Floods in the country
districts are hindering the advance of
the American troops. Rear Admiral
Dewey has given notice that he will not
allow any more refugees to be removed
from Manila on board ship. The Ger
man cruiser Cormorant left here to-day
for Iloio, where the British gunboats
Pigay and Rattler are in the harbor.
CHICAGO, July B.— A special cable to
the Chicago Record from its corre
spondent, John T. McCutcheojn, who is
with Admiral Dewey's fleet at Manila
Bay, dated July 4 (via Hongkong),
says :
The American troops under General
Andersen, which have reached the Phil
ippines, are now comfortably quartered
in the Spanish military barracks at Ca
vite, and are busy preparing for active
service against the Spanish. Their
health continues good.
The insurgents control the city water
works and -have cut off the supply from
that source, but as this is the rainy sea
son and there is a cloudburst every day,
the Spaniards do not suffer from lack
of water. A more serious matter for
them at present is that the insurgents
have captured San Juan del Monte, a
few miles to the rear of the city, which
had been fitted up with old cannon and
a supply of ammunition and provisions
to serve as the last stronghold of the
Spanish Government after the forces
should be driven out of Manila by the
bombardment of the American war-
ships.
ROME, July B.— The Pololo Romano
says the Italian Government has or
dered the third-class cruisers Piemento
and Degali to proceed to the Philip
pine Islands.
TOOK HIM FOR A LUNATIC.
Mr. Quiller-Couch, in one of his
delightful letters "From a Cornish
Window," in the Pall Mall Magazine,
prefaces his remarks with this anec
dote: "Hicks, governor of the Cornwall
County Lunatic Asylum, had a great
many friends — extramural friends, I
mean, and among them an accom
plished landscape painter. This artist
captivated by the beauty of the little
seaport town of East Looe took lodg
ings there, chose his subject and start
ed to make some drawings of it on the
rocks at low tide. A few days later
Hicks drove over to see him. and ar
rived at West Looe to be taken across
the harbor in a boat. To his surprise
he found a boatman waiting for him.
Still more to his surprise the boatman
hailed him thus: 'Aw, Mr. Hicks, I've
a-been looking out for 'cc the last day
or two. I knowed you'd come. He's
over here now. He's been hollering and
screeching. He sits at low water down
among the weed, a-paintlng at a bit of
board, and he calls out, "Come into the
Garden, Maud." A pretty garden he've
a-got there! "I'm here by the gate,
alone." Not a gate within a mile of 'un!
You can take 'un; he's quiet.' "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Stomach
Sensitive to every little Indiscretion in
eating, even to exposure to draughts
and to over-perspiration — this condition
is pleasantly, positively and perma-
nently overcome by the magic tonic
touch of Hood's Sarsaparilla, which lit-
erally "makes weak stomachs strong."
It also creates an appetite — makes you
feel real hungry, and drives away all
symptoms of t . spepsia. Be sure to get
Hood's Sarsaparilla
America's Greatest Medicine. All drug-grists.
Hood's PIH« cure all Liver Ills. 25 cents.
FEW MEN OF
THE ALFONSO XIII
REACHED SHORE
Details of the Destruction of the
Cruiser by Three f?n)erican
Warships.
NEW YORK, July B.— A Key West special to the Herald sayst A
gunboat which arrived from Havana this morning, where she had been
doing blockading services, brings the details of the destruction by seve
ral American vessels of a large Spanish steamer, supposed to be the
Alfonso XIII.
The story as told to me by the officers — and they obtained it from
the flagship before sailing yesterday afternoon — is to the effect that on
Wednesday night, while the Hawk was patrolling off the north coast
of Pinar del Rio, a large Spanish steamer was observed hugging the
shore and making rapid movements in the direction of Havana. The
Hawk fired a shot across the stranger's bow and endeavored to head her
off. At the same time she signaled the other vessels for assistance.
The steamer paid no attention to the shots from the Hawk, but in
creased her speed.
The signals from the Hawk were seen by the Castine and Prairie,
which were also patrolling in that vicinity. These vessels hastened
to assist the Hawk. Meanwhile the Spaniard, which was a vessel of
more than 5000 tons with two funnels and four masts, was rapidly dis
tancing her little pursuer, when the Castine and Prairie hove into sight
ahead and opened fire with their superior batteries.
The Spaniard, seeing her further advance cut off and without any
chance of escaping, never for a moment wavered, but put her wheel
hard to the starboard and headed for the shore, where she was beached
within sight of Mariel. The three American vessels stood by and kept
up an incessant firing at close range, the Castine doing the most ef
fective work, every shot telling with destructive effect.
Three distinct explosions took place aboard the Spaniard, evidently
from her magazine, throwing mountains of debris high into the air and
leaving the vessel a complete wreck on the beach. The crew is be
lieved to have been nearly all killed, the few who escaped the hail of
shot and shell aboard by jumping into the sea being drowned while
attempting to reach the shore.
WIPED OUT BY
A WATERSPOUT
Awful Havoc Wrought at
Cuba, Mo.
HARDLY A BUILDING ESCAPES
THIRTEEN PERSONS KNOWN TO
HAVE PERISHED.
Relief Parties Start for the Stricken
Town — The Wires Down and
News Only Obtainable
by Courier.
Epec i &l -Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, July B.— A special to the
Republic frorr Cuba, Mo., says:
A courier from Steeleville, the county
seat of Crawford County, brought the
terrible news to-day that the town had
almost been wiped out by a waterspout
early this morning. The known dead
are:
Mrs. Lou Tucker and babe. St. Louis.
Daughter of Charles Abrahams, St.
Louis.
Mrs. John "Woods and two children,
Steeleville.
Mrs. James Taff and three children,
Steeleville.
Mrs. William Lesough, Steeleville.
Luther Slough, Steeleville.
Colored man, unknown, Midland.
As soon as the news was received a
relief party started for the stricken
town. The town was in ruins. Few
buildings were left standing and groans
of anguish were heard cm all sides, as
searchers sought for loved ones among i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TARQAIN COUNTER!
On our bargain tables will be found to-day and until sold articles that
will command the attention of prudent buyers everywhere. No fake no-
tices. No misrepresentation. You pay the money ana get the goods. Bring
this notice, if you please — a saving of 50 per cent or more.
THINGS TO BSE.
Fine 1898 style Wall Paper Sc j
Floor Matting, variety of styles, yard 6c |
Remnants of Floor Matting, yard 3c
40-yard pieces Floor Matting $175
Fancy Hand-painted Flower Pots 7c [
Handle Baskets for little folks 2c
Covered Lunch Baskets 6c :
350 Clothes Brushes from overstock lOcj
75c Army Knapsacks 15c |
10c Coffee Pot or Sadiron Stands 2c !
$1 25 Garden Buck Gloves, for ladles, 7Vi, 8.. 25 c
75c Coat Buttons, ladles, fashionable 10c
Spool Cotton for sewing machine lc j
Adamantine Pins, all sizes lc j
Blood's Needles, many siaes, not all lc
THINGS TO WEAR.
Infants' Knit Undershirts, small, good 8c :
Celebrated 262 Gray Hose, 5 to 7 5c
Celebrated 262 Gray Hose, 7%, 8. 8% 6c
Sunshades for children, pretty 25c
$1 50 Carriage Parasols, black 50c
Ladles' Black Hose, medium sizes 6c
Fine Muslin Corset Covers 5c ■
Fine Embroidered Nipht Dresses 50c
Infants' Cambric Slips, nice Quality 15c
Big Boys' Summer Coats, to close 15c I
Goods Sold to the Trade at Above Prices, but no Further Reductions.
HA We deliver goods anywhere in town promptly.
Iffll We deliver same day in towns across the bay.
1 ev^lif ■* We pack safely and guarantee safe carriage.
am )Ms^*EMf We make a great point of keeping best goods.
.•^BafeaL, K.>jß^^^f / Werrant to please buyers of all lines.
V^^^^R*f^[a^^Sr/ We r— set you to buy for your wants, not more.
>O*J§B' 1S&/ We understand packing for Alaska or foreign trad*.
All car lines b ring you here for a single fare.
25-27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
the debris. The waterspout occurred
outside the town, but swelled Yadkin
Creek, which came down in a mighty
and destructive Hood, sweeping all be
fore it.
T*p to this evening thirteen bodies
had been recovered, but it is thought
more have perished:
Steeleville was a town of 1000 inhab
itants, situated on the Salem branch of
the Frisco Railroad. All the wires are
down and no communication can be
had, except by courier.
LINARES WAS SHOT BY
SERGEANT M'KINNERY
Brought Down at the Second At
tempt of the American
Rifleman.
Copyrighted. IS9S, by the Associated Press.
BEFORE SANTIAGO, July 7, per Asso
ciated Press dispatch boat Dauntless, via
Port Antonio and Kingston, Jamaica,
July B.— lt was Sergeant McKinnery of
Company B, Ninth Infantry, who shot and
disabled General Linares, the commander
of the Spanish forces in Santiago. The
Spanish general was hit about half an
hour after San Juan hill was taken, dur
ing the first day's fighting. Our men
saw a Spanish officer, evidently a gen
eral, accompanied by his staff, riding
frantically about Spanish position
rallying his men. Sergreant McKinnery
asked Lieutenant Wise's permission to
try a shot at the officer #Lcd greeny re
gretted that the request was refused. Ma
jor Bole was consulted. He acquiesced,
with the injunction that no one else
should fire.
Sergeant McKinnery went for a shell,
slid it into a rifle, adjusted the sights for
1000 yards and fired. It fell short. Then
he put in another, raised the sights for
another thousand yards, took careful aim
and let her go.
The officer on the white horse threw up
his arms and fell forward.
"That is for Corporal Joyce," said Mc-
Kinnery, as he saw that his ball had
reached the mark.
The officer on the white horse was Gen
eral Linares himself. He immediately re
linquished the command to General Toral.
De Young Gets the Overlook.
WASHINGTON, July B.— The President
has decided to* appoint William Everett
of Cleveland, his personal friend, as Com
missioner General to the Paris Exposi
tion. This disposes of Mr. de Young's
chances.
- ■♦
San Rafael Divorce Suit.
SAN RAFAEL, July B.— John Steckel.
Jr., filed a suit for divorce against his
wire, Mamie Steckel, to-day.
THINGS TO EAT.
E-tt) tin absolutely pure Baking Powder $1
Martin Wagner's Celebrated Canned Beana..6o
Pure Fruit Jams, new pack. 1893 100
Picnic Extracts in 2-onnce bottles 5o
2 lbs Roasted and Ground Coffee 250
Pure Maple Sugar in bricks 100
Olives, per quart, sweet and good 10c
Tetlt Pois for finest trade 100
French Sardines, a noted brand, 3 for 250
Shaker Corn, genuine Eastern dried 10c' .
Bacon country cure, heavy, warranted 7^o
Finest Canned Apricots, see window 10c
Choice Silver Prunes, large, tart 3o i
3-tb tins Whole Tomatoes, not found else-
where 100
BARGAITSHOES.
Girls' Fine Kid Tipped. Cloth Top, 10, 10H. It
Girls'' Fine ' kid Tipped,' 13,' U&, 'l,' i'Vi .'.'.'.'.'.'. .750
Ladies' Fine Button, Kid, all size 8 7Jc
I i. lies' $2 Fine Kid Lace, except 5, 5V4, 6....51
Men's or Boys' Low-cut Oxfords, 5 to ?H....50c
Men's or Boys' $3 Button Shoes 90c
Ladies' Fine Kid. narrow widths. 3, 3V4 50c
Girls' School Shoes, $125, all 13H 65c
Girls' Real $2 Goat Shoes, -13^. 1. IV4 75c
I adiea' $4 Fine Green Shoes, closing Jl 50
Ladles' $2 Fancy Slippers, small sizes 75c
Men's $3 50 Shoes. Pacifies, light c010r*.... 51 50
Men's strong boots for Klondike trade $1 T5FIGHTING BOB
EVANS' STORY
OF THE FRAY
Captain of the lowa De
scribes the Santiago
Battle.
Tried to Ram the Enemy's Ships
With His Own, but They
Were Too Fleet.
Copyrighted. IR9B, by
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, per the I
Associated Press dispatch boat Daunt
less, via Port Antonio, Jamaica., and
Kingston, Jamaica, July B.— The battle
ship lowa was the first ship to see the
Spanish fleet coming out of the harbor.
A moment later h.r crew was at gen
eral quarters and at 33 a. m. a gun
wu tir><l -o attract the attention of
the fleet. Captain Evans' account of
the battle, as told In the cabin of the |
lowa to a co? of the Asso- !
elated Press, is intensely interesting.
He said:
"At the time 'general quarters' was
sounded the signal boll rang 'full speed
ahead,' and I put the helm to star
board and the [ova crossed the bow
of the Infanta Maria Teresa, one of the
first ships out. As the Spanish admiral
swung to the westward the 12-inch
shells from the forward turret of the
lowa seemed to strike her fairly in the
bow. and the fight was a spectacle. As
the squadron came out in column, the
ships beautifully spaced as to distance
and gradually increasing their speed to
thirteen knots, it was superb.
"The lowa from this moment kept up
a steady fire from her heavy guns,
heading all the time to keep the In
fanta Maria Teresa on her starboard
bow and hoping to ram one of the lead
ing ships.
"In the meantime the Oregon. Indi
ana. Brooklyn and Texas were doing
excellent work with their heavy guns.
"In a very Bhort space of time the
enemy's ships were all clear of the har
bor mouth and it became evidently Im
possible f<>r the lowa to ram either the
first or the second ship on account of
the speed.
"The range at this time was 2000 j
yards from the leading ship. The !
lowa's helm was immediately put hard
to starboard and the entire starboard j
broadside was pouring into the Infanta '
Maria Teresa. The helm was then I
quickly shifted to port and the ship '
wr-nt across the stern of the Teresa in j
an effort to head off the Oquendo. All
the time the engines were driving at
full speed ahead. A perfect torrent of
shells from the enemy passed over the
smokestack and superstructure of the
ship, but none struck her."
"The Cristobal Colon, being much
faster than " rest of the Spanish
ships, passed r-, idly to the front in an
effort to escape. In passing the lowa
the Colon placed two 6-inch shells fair
1'- in our starboard bow. One passed
through the ■ rdam and dispensary,
wrecking the latter and bursting on
the berth deck, doing considerable
damage. The other passed through
tho side at t" water line within the
cofferdam, where it still remains.
"As it was now obviously impossible
to ram any of the Spanish ships on ac
count of their superior speed the lowa's
helm was put to the Btarboard and she
ran on a course parallel with the en
emy. Being then abreast of the Almi
rante Oquecdo, at a distance of 1100
yards, the lowa's entire battery, in
cluding the rapid-fire guns, was opened j
on the Oquendo. The punishment was j
terrific. Two 12-inch shells from the
lowa pierced the Almirante Oquendo
at the same moment, one forward and
the other aft. The Oquendo seemed to
Btop her engines for a moment and lose
headway, but she immediately resumed
her sp^ed and gradually forged ahead j
of the lowa and came under the terri- I
i ■■ fire of the Oregon and Texas.
"At this moment the alarm of "tor
;•(!■)-boats' was sounded, and two tor
pedo-boat destroyers were discovered
on the starboard quarter at a distance I
of 4000 yards. Fire was at once opened I
on them with the after battery and a
12-inch shell cut the stern of one de
stroyer squarely off. As the shell
struck a small torpedo-boat fired back I
at the battle-ship, sending a shell with
in a fow feet of my head.
"Well up among the advancing cruis
ers, spitting shots at one and the other,
was the little Gk.-ucester, shooting first j
at a cruiser and ihen at a torpedo boat, i
and hitting a head wherever she saw it. j
The marvel Is that she was not de- I
stroyed by the rain of shells.
"In the meantime the Vizcaya was |
slowly drawing abeam of the lowa and I
for the space >->f fifteen minutes it was
jriv<-> and take between the two ships.
The Vizcaya fired rapidly, but wildly,
not one shot taking effect on the lowa, !
while the shells from the lowa were I
tearing great rents in the sides of the
VizeajnßL As the latter passed ahead
of the lowa she came under the mur
derottfl lire of the Oregon.
"At this time the Ir.rr.nta Maria Te
resa and the Almirante Oquendo, lead
ing the enemy's volumn, were seen to
be h-ading for the beach and in flame?.
The Texas, Oregon and lowa poundc-d
them unmercifully. They ceased to re
ply to the fire and in a few moments
the Spanish cruisers were ;i mass of
fames and on the rocks with their col
ors down, the Teresa Hying a white
flag.
"The enemy's crews stripped them-
Belves and began jumping overboard,
and one of the smaller magazines be
gun to explode.
"Meantime tho Brooklyn and Cristo
bal Colon were exchanging compli
ments In lively fashion at apparently
Jong range, and the Oregon, with nor
locomotive speed, was hanging well on
to the Colon, also paying attention to
the Vizcaya. The Teresa and the
Oquendo were In flames on the beach
the Associated Press.
just 20 minutes after the first shot was
fired.
"Fifty minutes after the first shot
was fired the Vizeaya put her helm to
port with a great burst of flame from
the after part of the ship and headed
slowly for the rocks at Aserradero,
where she found her last resting place.
"As it was apparent that I could not
possibly catch the Cristobal Colon, and
that the Oregon and Brooklyn undoubt
edly would, and as the fast New York
was also on her trail, I decided the
calls of humanity should be heard and
attention be given to the 1200 or 1500
Spanish officers and men who had
struck their colors to the American
squadron, commanded by Admiral
Sampson. I therefore headed for the
wreck of the Vizcaya, now burning
furiously fore and aft. When I was in
as far as the depth of water would ad
mit I lowered all my boats and sent
them at once to the assistance of the
men who wore being drowned by doz
ens or roasted on the deck&. I soon dis
covered that the Insurgent Cubans from
the shore were shooting on men who
were struggling in the water, after hav
ing surrendered to us. I immediately
put a stop to this, but could not put
a stop to the mutilation of many bodies
by the sharks inside the reef.
"These creatures had become excited
by the blood from the wounded mixing
In the water. My boats' crews worked
manfully and succeeded in saving
many of the wounded from the burning
ship. One man who will be recommend
ed for promotion clambered up the side
of the Vizcaya and saved three men
from burning to death.
"The smaller magazines of the Viz
caya were exploding with magnificent
cloud effects. The boats were coming
alongside in a steady string, and will
ing hands were helping the lacerated
Spanish officers and sailors on the
lowa's quarterdeck.
"All the Spaniards wer° absolutely
without clothe . Some had their legs
torn off by fragments of shells. Others
were mutilated in every conceivable
way.
"The bottoms of the boats held two or
three inches of blood. In many cases
dead men were lying in the blood. Five
poor chaps died on the way to the ship.
They were afterward buried with mili
tary honors from the lowa. Some ex
amples of heroism, or more properly,
devotion to discipline and duty, could
never be surpassed. One man on the
lost Vizcaya had his left arm almost
shot off just below the shoulders.
"The fragments were hanging by a
small piece of skin. But he climbed un
assisted over the side and saluted as if
on a visit of ceremony. Immediately
after him c:me a strong-hearted sailor,
whose left leg had been shot off above
the knee. He was hoisted on board the
lowa with a tackle, but never a whim
per came from" him.
"Gradually the mangled bodies and
naked well men accumulated until it
would have been almost difficult to rec
ognize the lowa as a United Slates bat
tle-ship. Blood was all over her usu
ally white quarterdeck, and 272 naked
men were being supplied with water
and food. Finally came the boats with
Captain Eulate, commander of the Viz
caya, for whom a chair was lowered
over the side, as he was evidently
wounded.
"The captain's guard of marines were
drawn up on the quarterdeck to salute
him, and I stood waiting to welcome
him. As the chair was placed on the
deck, the marines presented arms. Cap
tain Eulate slowly raistd himself from
the chair, saluted me with grave dig
nity, unbuckled his sword belt and
holding the hilt of the sword before
him, kissrd it reverently with tears
in his eyes and then surrendered it to
me.
"Of course, I declined to receive his
sword; and, as the crev,- of the lowa
saw this they cheered like wild men.
"As I knew the crews of the first two
ships wrecked had not been visited by
any of our vessels I ran down to them.
I four.d the Gloucester with Admiral
Cervera and a nu- o* his officers
aboard and also a large number of
wounded, some in a frightfully mangled
condition. Many prisoners had been
killed on shore by the fire of the Cu
bans.
"The Harvard came off and I re
quested Captain Cotton to go in and
take off the crews of the Infanta Maria
Teresa and the Almirante Oquendo,
and by midnight the Harvard had 974
prisoners aboard, a great number of
them wounded.
"For courage and dash there Is no
parallel in history to this action of the
Spanish admiral. He came, as he
knew, to absolute destruction. There
was one single hope — that was that the
Cristobal Colon would steam faster
than the Brooklyn. The .< ctacle of
two torpedo-boat destroyers — paper
shells at best— steaming out in broad
daylight in the face of the fire of a
battleship can be described in one way:
It was Spanish and it was ordered by
Blanco. The same must be said of the
entire movement.
"I took Admiral Cervera aboard from
the Gloucester, which had rescued him
from the dead, and received him with
a full admiral's guard. The crew of
the lowa crowded close to the turrets,
half naked and black with powder, as
Cervera stepped over the side, bare
headed. Over his undershirt he wore
a thin suit of flannel borrowed from
Lieutenant Commander Walnwright of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 189 S.
COMMANDER WATSON, WHO WILL COMMAND THE EASTERN SQUADRON.
i the Gloucester. The crew cheered vo
] ciferously. Cervera is every inch an
admiral, even .if he had not any hat.
j He submitted to the fortunes of war
i with a grace that proclaimed him a
j thoroughbred."
THOUGHT THE CRISTOBAL
COLON CAN BE SAVED
Naval Constructor Hobson Inspecting
the Wreck of the Spanish
Cruisers.
Copyrighted, 1808, , by the Associated Press.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA. July 7 (by
the Associated Press Dispatch Boat
Dauntless, via Port Antonio and King
ston, Jamaica, July 8, 10 a. m). — The
United States auxiliary cruiser Harvard
has sailed for Portsmouth, N. 11.. with
I the remainder of the prisoners, the total
I now being 1750.
A board of officers is to-day inspecting
the Cristobal Colon, and it is hoped she
may he saved. Naval Constructor Hobson
is on board the Spanish cruiser, and is
about to value the Infanta Maria Teresa.
The Vizcaya and Almirante Oquendo are
worthless wrecks.
•>
San Rafael Child Terribly Burned.
SAN RAFAEL. July !>.— While engaged
| with some playmates in making miniature
| war on imaginary Spanish forces, the
i principal weapons being a bottle of kerosene
oi! and some matches, the" six-year-old son
■ of Manuel Soures, a milk dealer, was near
ly burned to death this evening. Sheriff
Harrison ami Albert Morehead were pass
ing, and running to the chiJ'i. wrapped
their coats about him. Dr. Wickman was
summoned and found the child burned so
i badly in the abdominal region that he
I may not live.
Henry Norman,
Special Commissioner of the
London Chronicle,
Writes About the New America
In Next Sunday's Call.
MR. RIDDLE'S FLEXIBLE NAME.
When L,o r ,i Randolph Churchill was
last in America he visited Philadel
phia; and while collecting statistics re
latinfr to the State prisons or" Pennsyl
vania, he was referred to the head of
the prison boards, Cadwallader Biddle.
Before calling Lord Randolph fell into
the hands of wags of the Union League
Club.
"You've gat the name wrong," said
ore of these merry jesters. "It's not
Cadwallader Biddle, but Bidcallader
Addle."
"Don't mind what he says, Lord Ran
dolph," exclaimed another; "the real
name is Wadbillader Caddie."
A third member took the ex-Chancel
. lor of the Exchequer aside and im
parted to him in confidence that he was
being gulled.
"The actual name," concluded his
false friend, "is Dibollader Widdle."
And when Lord Randolph drove to
; the prison board that afternoon he was
: so much upset that he stammered:
"Will you take this card to Mr. Bid
cad — wld — wad — did — dollder, what's his
i name? I mean the chief, but I forget
I his e^itraordinary nomenclatural com-
I blnation."— Pittsburg Dispatch.
THE LITTLE ENCYCLOPEDIA.
In China to salute any one by taking off
one's hat is a deliberate insult.
It WU 300 years ago in Florence that
the first grand oppra was produced.
The eyes of the birds that fly by night
are generally about double the size of
those of day birds.
Naturalists have ascertained that scor
pions and certain kinds of spiders are
nble to make peculiar noises to warn an
enemy that an attack is attended by dan
ger.
It is a peculiar fact that with most men
the growth of hair is greater on one side
of the face than the other. It is said that
hair always grows more quickly on that
side on wnich we are stronger.
The earliest known mention of the
pianoforte was in a playbill dated May 16,
1767. The piece announced was "The Beg
gars' Opera." with Mr. Beard as Cantain
Macheath, Mrs. Stephens a* Teachum.
Mr. Shuter as Peaehum. The principal
attraction was given thus: "Miss Buck
ler will sing a song from 'Judith,' accom
panied by a new instrument called piano
forte."
BRUTALITY OF
THE SEAMEN
La Bourgogne's Crew
Denounced.
TALES OF THE SURVIVORS
RESCUED FOTTBTH ENGINEER
ACCUSED.
Wrestler Yousouf, the "Terrible
Turk," One of the Knife-
Wielders on the Doomed
Vessel's Deck.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, July B.— The Plant line
steamer Halifax has arrived here, hav
ing on board 162 survivors of the
French line steamer La Bourgogne,
which was sunk in a collision with the
ship Cromartyshire, off Sable Island,
last Monday. On the passage from
Halifax La Bourgogne's passenger list
was carefully revised and it was shown
that there were 714 persons on board,
of whom 550 were lost and 164 saved.
Of the saved 12 were second class pas
sengers, 47 steerage and the remaining
105 were members of the crew.
,On arriving here the shipwrecked
men were given every necessary atten
tion. Each was provided with a ticket
for New York.
Among the remarkable escapes were
those of three stokers of La Bourgogne
— Louis le Julien, Jean Alvany and
Francoise Mello. They were in the
stokehole when the accident occurred.
Their story in substance is as follows:
"The engines were stopped after the
j collision and subsequently we started
them again in the hope of beaching the
steamer on Sahle Island. About five
minutes after the crash the water be
| gan to come into the boiler room, and
j soon it rushed in in great volume. The
pumps were tried, but to no avail. The
water put the fires out and the engines
stopped. The chief engineer gave or
ders to close the water-tight doors, but
even after they were closed the water
came in almost as fast as before. Then
all hope was abandoned, and the engi
neer blew twice on the whistle, the sig
nal for all to escape who could do so.
There was a rush, but about fifteen
men were drowned in the stokeholes
and the engine room."
The three men who succeeded in get
ting out found that all the boats had
left and they plunged into the sea. They
were picked up later and taken on
board the Cromartyshire.
From the testimony of three persons
—Otto Zeiser of New York, William
Achard of Baltimore and Charles Lie
bra, chief cock of the Stafford Hotel,
Philadelphia— it appears that the fourth
engineer of La Bourgogne, who was
saved, acted in the most brutal man
ner toward the passengers. The three
men agree in the statement that after
the collision, when everybody was sur
rounding the boats, the engineer said:
"Damn the passengers. Let them
save themselves; we save ourselves
first."
He said that if he had a revolver he
would shoot the passengers.
Mr. Zeispr Bpcke in great praise of
the captain.
On the voyage Llebra became ac
quainted with Yousouf, the wrestler,
who was a passenger. After the col
lision, Liebra says, he saw Yousouf
struggling in a crowd of drowning pas
sengers, beating them off with a sti
letto and shoving them aside and try
ing to reach a boat. He failed, how
ever, and went down.
L. Tarlaud ut New York and M. Lu
cas, from Northern France, the latter
being a waiter on board L.a Bourgogne,
each tells at his being driven from a
boat containing Austrians, armed with
knives.
While the Halifax was entering Bos
ton harbor this morning- eight persons
gave their names as witnesses to the
fact that the Austrians used knives to
keep people out of their boat.
NEW YORK, July B.— The survivors
of the steamship La Bourgogne arrived
here to-day from Boston and were
taken in charge by the Compagnie
Transatlantique officials. The surviv
ors of the crew of La Baurgogne, as
they passed the station, were hissed by
the crowd.
The Times prints the following:
"The alleged brutality toward the
passengers of La Bourgogne during the
struggle of life following the collision
and sinking of the vessel is the subject
of much comment throughout the city.
It is the popular opinion that the stor
ies of the surviving passengers must
lead to an investigation of unusual
thoroughness and interest."
Assistant District Attorney Unger, in
discussing the case, said that in com
mon law any company was responsi
ble for the acts of its employes. In his
opinion the surviving sailors of La
Bourgogne could be indie-ted for mur
der if the charges could be proved. It
was the first duty of the sailors, he
said, to save the passengers.
Francis Edmond Bruwaert, the
French Consul General, said that as
soon as the survivors of the wreck
reach this port a consular investiga
tion would be instituted to collect all
available evidence concerning the cas
ualty, and this would be forwarded to
the French Maritime Court.
When asked whether, if there was
evidence given by the passengers to
show that any parties or members of
La Bourgogne's crew had actually
killed a passenger from one of the
ship's boats, he would be arrested here,
the Consul said that he had not had
time to look up the law on the subject.
"I am inclined to think, however," he
said, "that I would simply forward the
evidence to the home authorities, and
if it were decided that crime had been
committed I would be instructed to
cause the arrest of the guilty parties if
they were still here, or they would be
arrested in France, where they will all
be sent."
CATS IN THE FORUM.
The Forum of Augustus is the cats'
home of Rome. There the superfluous
felines , are dropped over the ' wall to
join their numerous fellows in the
Forum below. Every day charitable
people throw scraps jof food into this
open prison, and, as seen from above,
its inhabitants seem to be plump and
happy— so happy, indeed, that they
make no attempt to •■ escape. A few
years ago the Forum of Trajan was
also used as a depositing place for cats
that were rot wanted, but as it does
not present the same facilities of re
treat and hiding, as the Forum of Au
gustus street boys ' ; and others took
every opportunity of stoning the unfor
tunate animals. -Finally the authori
ties, after many complaints, refused to
allow any more cats to be thrown there,
and; in order, to get rid of those al
ready- living; in the Forum, presented
one to each sentry-box on .the walls of
the city. ; They |. all, however, speedily
disappeared from their new-homes,
some returning to the foot of Trajan's
Column, where they were either; killed
by the street boys or transferred to the
Forum of — Scientific Amer
ican.
■ ♦ i
Alice Rix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How ; Millions Crushed
. a Man. -"' ' ■'■ ,'
THE NONCHALANT CANTON MER
. CHANT.
Frequently on entering a Canton
shop you will find its owner with a
book in one hand and pipe or fan in
the other, and wholly absorbed in his
studies. You will be doomed to disap
pointment if you expect the smoker to
start up at once, all smiles and bland
ness, rubbing his hands together as he
makes a shrewd guess as to what he is
likely Ur take out of you, and receiving
"HEARST A LIAR
OR A MURDERER"
Suggestion That Y\e Be Styot and
Lair>e, H j s CorrespoQdent,
Publicly hjaQged.
NEW YORK, July B.— The World quotes from the Daily
Bond Buyer as follows: "The editor of the New York Journal is
either a liar or a murderer, and deserves to be shot as such, and his
correspondent, Honore Lame—w hom he indorses as a correspondent of
his paper, but who is a Cuban officer, as we are Informed— ought to
be hanged before all the troops in front of and behind the defenses
of Santiago. We base this opinion solely on their own statement of
their inhumanity. They said (one quoting the other) that the prison
ers surrendered to the Cuban officer-correspondent had their heads
cut off. There is only one punishment for such crimes— hang
the Cuban officer and correspondent, Honore Lame. It ought to be
made manifest to all the world that Americans do not make war in
this brutal, cowardly and infamous fashion."
you with obsequiousness or with rude
ness accordingly. Quite the reverse.
Your presence is apparently unnoticed,
unless you happen to lift anything;
then you hear that the fan has been ar
rested, and feel that a keen eye is bent
on your movements all the while. But
it is not until you inquire for some
article that the gentleman, now certain
that you mean to trade, will rise with
out bustle from his seat, show you his
goods or state the price he means to
sell at — with a polite yet careless air,
which plainly says: "If it suits you
we make an exchange." — "Through
China With a Camera."
ANTIQUITY OF HEMP.
Hemp Is of antique origin, for it was
used by the Scythians at least 500 years
before the Christian era. It grows wild
in India and many parts of our own
land and it was known to the Chinese
thousands of years ago. The Romans
were familiar with the use of hemp for
sails and cordage. India and Persia is
the native home of hemp, and it is cul
tivated In the United States in Ken
tucky, Illinois, Nebraska and Missouri.
Recently California has become inter
ested in its growth, and in this State it
often reaches a height of fifteen or
twenty feet.
Raw hemp, produced in Japan, is sold
in ribbons thin as paper and glossy as
satin, the frayed ends showing fibers of
exceeding thinness. We import $500,000
worth of hemp yearly from Italy and
Russia. A grower in California says it
costs $20 an acre to produce hemp, 2000
pounds to the acre, and he clears $60 an
acre.
Our best hemp comes from Italy, and
we pay 8 cents a pound for it. The Ital
ians take great pains, plowing twice at
intervals of fifteen days. After cutting,
the stalks are removed to a shady place
and the tops inclined over a trestle to
dry. In favorable soils from 1700 to 2000
pounds an acre are produced.
HE NEEDED PUNISHMENT.
It was evident ■when the man rapped
at the door of the backwoods cabin that
he felt that he had a grievance.
"Somethin' wrong', stranger?" inquir
ed the man who came in answer to his
knock, noticing: his excited condition.
"Wrong!" exclaimed the stranger.
"Wrong! Well. I should think there
was. I met a boy about half a mile up
the road that I think belongs to you."
"Long, gawky boy with a coonskin
cap?" asked the man in the cabin.
"That's the one," returned the
stranger.
"He had a gun and was evidently out
after squirrels."
"Big, old-fashioned, muzzle-loading
gun?" suggested the native.
"Yes; a big gun about half a foot
longer than he is," answered the
stranger. "I didn't stop to see whether
it was a muzzle-loader or not, but I
guess it was. It didn't look new
enough for anything else."
"That was Ike all right enough," said
the native. "What d'ye want of him?"
"I want him thrashed," replied the
stranger with emphasis. "I want him
thrashed good and hard so that he'd
have a little sense."
"That's takln' a purty big contract,
stranger," said the native doubtfully.
"He's a right lively boy an' thereain't
ADVERTISEMENTS.
oooooo coooooooooooooooooooooo oo
a - o
I Health and Wealth! r I
© ci c^tSb^^ °
O Qbb&bCWl lII V^ 'if^M °
I TO MEN, YOUNG OR OLD! S
q See what Dr. Sanden's: Electric Belt l?as done. It has made life a ©
_ pleasure for over 10,000 men during the past year. It has made them ©
" strong; it has removed all the effects of wear and tear on, their bodies. O
O It has put fire into their nerves and blood, making, the old men feel O
q young and t-e young men bright, energetic and full of animal vitality. Q
-v "Electricity ; is life." Fill your body with it and you will get the slow q
of happiness in every nerve, your brain will be clear and your step firm. "
° ARE YOU THE MAN YOU SHOULD BE? ©
o Study yourself.: You can be a stronger man than you are. You O.
should be stronger. You should have confidence in yourself. Steel your q
O nerves with this ; electric current. Feel its warming glow as Dr. San- n
q den's Electric Belt saturates your body with it. Now if you can call w ■
_ and see it. .See what ;It has done, for others; 10,000 cures! If you can't ©
,° call, send for the book about it, free. Call or write to-day. Don't put O
© it off. ■ : '■: ' O
c DR. A. T. SANDIi/N, not in drug stores, p
v 702 Market Street, Corner K«aniy, San Fracois:o. . " O
O Office hours A M. to 3P. M. : Sunday*. ■ , Dr - : Sand en's Electric Belt Q
© 10 to L Branches at-Los Angeles. Cal., «4* is. never, »M In dru^ stores ,V
V south Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents, only ©
O ion street: Denver., Col.. 931 Sixteenth street; at- our office. _
q Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street. .; * — — —-, — •-",*;
© O
00 0 00000 00000 O 00 00 00000 O 00 0 000 OO
any one in thse parts has licked him
yet, exoept his dad, which is me."
"Well, you're the one that I want to
thrash him."
"Oh, that's differ'nt. I thought mebbe
you was goin' to try it yourself. I don't
mind lickin' him when it's needful, jest
sos to keep him in line an' teach him
that the ol* man is some consider'ble
yet. What's he been doln"?"
"He shot at me as I came along the
road," replied the stranger.
"Sure about that?" asked the native
doubtfully.
"Sure? Of course I'm sure. He yelled
out that I'd scared a squirrel he was
after and he was going to wing me just
t<> teach me to keep out of the way.
Then he took deliberate aim and fired."
"An' you're here to kick about it!"
exclaimed the native. "Well, don't you
worry no more about that boy,
stranger. I'll tan him good and plenty,
and don't you forgit it. Aimed at you
delib'rate an' never hit you, did he?
Why, Bhootin' like that '11 disgrace the
hull fam'ly. Glad you spoke of it,
stranger. If you hear any yellin' as
you go down the road you kin know
I'm teachin' that boy of mine that he
can't ruin the reputation of two gener
ations without having to suffer for it."
— Chicago Post.
ONLY 400 YEARS.
Lord Kelvin, the eminent scientist,
has not added to the mir^thfulness of
j the nation? by announcing that in four
hundred years the oxygen now vir
tually free in our atmosphere will be
used up. and the inhabitants of the
j earth will die of suffocation from car
bonic acid gas.
According to the Scotchman's math
ematics, we are now, by cutting down
forests for fuel and otherwise destroy
ing vegetation which absorbs the gas
and throws out pure oxygen, and by
our fiercer fires for motor purposes, with
drawing the breath of life very rapidly,
and unless we mend our ways and stop
interfering with the healthful processes
of nature we shall soon be gasping for
breath, and the human race, with all
the animals of this period, will disap
pear from the earth, to be succeeded
after a few million years of rest by a
better assortment of creatures, who will
have more sense than to go about delib
erately to incur asphyxiation. — Nebras
ka State Journal.
Alice Rix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, July 8.
Ptmr Chllkat, Anderson. 27 hours from Eu«
reka.
Bark Ceylon, Calhnun. 33 days from Hllo.
SAILED.
Friday, July 8.
Schr Anita, Funcke, Ensenada.
DOMESTIC TORTS.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed July B— Br bark Gren
ada, fnr Nanaimo.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed July B— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
34
SANTA FE TO
CONNECT WITH
VALLEY ROAD
General Manager Nevin's
Trip East Is Full of
Significance.
Junction to Be Made at Bakers
field and a New Overland
Line Established.
LOS ANGELES, July B.— Santa Fe I
officials now in this city are very reti- i
cent when questioned about the exten
sion of the Santa Fe system to a junc
tion with the Valley Road at Bakers- ■
field. The reason for this silence 1« ;
quite apparent when it is stated that
General Manager W. G. Nevin has been
In the East and is now en route homo.
It has leaked out, however, that tru:
object of Mr. Nevin's journey to the
East at this time was to consult with
the Santa Fe directors and to receive
certain instructions regarding the pio
posed intentions of the company to
construct a link of track which will
give Southern California a rival route
into San Francisco and which will also
give that portion of the State south of
San Francisco and north of ihe Te
hachapi Mountains a competing over
land line to the East.
General Manager Nevin will not re
turn to the city before Sunday morn
ing and until then it will be impossible
to learn anything definite in the way of
detail concerning the extension. It is
SAUSALITO'S
MERRY WAR
Town Trustees Defied by
Schwartz.
SAYS HE WILL DO BUSINESS
EVERYBODY IS LOOKING FOR
TROUBLE.
Ex-Marshal Creed Too Handy With
His Gun — Predictions That He
May Die With His
Boots On.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, July 8. — Henry
Schwartz declared emphatically this
evening that no matter what the Town
Trustees may do at their meeting next
Tuesday evening, he will remain and do
business. He Is very bitter against
Trustee Sylva, claiming that the latter
told the Western Union Telegraph
Company that the new firm showed no
desire to act fairly and get . license.
"I have been assured by the com
pany," he asserted, "that it will stand
by me because I offered Marshal Han
non a $300 license fee and he refus-.-n it.
We were going to change our location,
but the new one did not suit the trus
tees."
General Dickinson said to-night that
the San Mateo firm will have to leave
in a short time because they wish to
Btay near the other rooms, thus making
women force their way through a lot
of gamblers on the streets. The feeling
is growing intensely bitter and every
body expect , trouble of some nature
before long.
Broyer, Glynn & Humphrey have evi
dently called ex-Marshal Creed down
for using his revolver too freely, be
cause he was begging everybody that
knew of the fracas to keep quiet to
day, and even went so far as to deny
that lie had attempted to shoot Hughes
and Alexander yesterday morning,
though he admitted it freely yesterday.
It Is pretty freely prophesied that Creed
will get killed if he does not change
his tactics In the near future.
AN UNFORTUNATE PRINCESS.
We are very far from having heard
the last of the scandal in connection
with Prince Philip of Coburg and his
wife. Princess Louise of Belgium,
daughter of King Leopold. In the first
place the criminal authorities of Aus
tria have declined to hold Captain Keg
levitch on the charge brought against
him by Prince Philip of being concerned
in the forgery of promissory notes bear-
Ing the name of Princess Louise and
of her sister, Crown Princess Stephanie.
Instead, however, of being released,
the unfortunate young officer has been
transferred to- the military hospital at
Agram as a lunatic by orders received
direct from the Minister of War at
Vienna.
The latter, Baron Bauer by name, Is
the most intimate friend of Prince
Philip and acted as his second in the
duel which the prince fought with the
captain some months ago at Vienna,
There is. therefore, a very strong sus
picion that the prince has used his in
fluence with tho Minister of War to get
the captain placed under restraint as a
lunatic, although he is perfectly sane.
The entire Belgian press, and, in fact,
all the loading and most reputable
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able.
asserted on excellent authority, direct
from the engineering department of the
Santa Pc, that a survey has been com
pleted to the Bakersfielcl line which will
make a detour and avoid all the ex
tensive grades the Southern Pacific line
takes. The mileage of the now line
from a point on the old Atlantic and
Pacific line to Bakersfleld will be
greater than that of the Southern Pa
cific, but it will not be as difficult to
carry a train over. Better time will be
made as the grades, comparatively
speaking, will be light when the line
of the Southern Paciilc in surmounting
the- Tehachapi Mountains is considered.
It is now asserted by some of the
Sania Fe Company's officials here that
as soon as the Santa Fe has obtained
possession of the Atlantic and Pacific
road from the Needles to Mojave an
extension north to meet the Valley
Road may be expected. The breaking
out of the Spanish-American war has
delayed the initiatory steps somewhat,
but they all regard the extension as
certain to be made.
No Santa Fe man in authority here
will talk for publication until General
Manager Nevin's return.
newspapers at Brussels, have taken up
the cause of Princess Louise with such
vehemence that it would probably fare
ill with Prince Philip were he to show
his face at present in Belgium.
Letters by the score, and even affi
davits, are being published by people
of every class, some of them signed by
the grandest names of the Belgian no
bility, declaring that the writers have
My been in personal intercourse
and in correspondence with the prin
cess, and that she is perfectly sane and
in her right mind, and that the charges
of forgrery brought against her and
against the captain, as well as the In
terment of both one and the other as
lunatics, is solely for the purpose of in
validating the very serious charges
brought by the princess against the
prince, and on the strength of which
she had initiated divorce proceedings
at Vienna and at Pesth before ever the
prince had instituted a suit for the dis
solution of his marriage at Coburg. —
Washington Post.
FOREIGN BAGGAGE LABELS.
The Philadelphia Ledger says that for
eign baggage labels are in great demand
just now. And a student of the Univer
sity has cornered the market in these la
bels, selling them to people who want to
show some evidence of having been
abroad. "This year," says the Record,
"the demand seems to be greater than
evf and already the bluffers have start
er 1 - smear their dress-suit cases with
th .narks belonging to European hotels.
Oi of these interesting gentlemen ap
■ 1 in Chestnut the other day with his
* el-marked grip and attracted consid
'■'e attention. Home-made labels in
'on of those from various hotels
in Switzerland, France and Germany
bring the highest prices, as the enterpris
ing dealer claims that these are very rare
The prolit in this queer business must be
exceedingly large, as this particular
chemist, who is dependent upon his own
resources for his livelihood and school
ing, is enabled to take quite extensive
trips and live in luxury during his sum
mer vacation. His fellow-students are
his principal customers, but lots of other
young men and girls are also often seen
emerging from the label merchant's
hoarding-house with colored slips in their
hands."
AN INDIAN PRINCESS DEAD.
Mrs. Zerriah Gould Mitchell, an In
dian princess, died in her daughter's
home at North Abington, Mass., re
cently, at the age of 91. She had lived
on the shore of Lake Assawamset,
about forty miles from Boston, for
many years. She and her children
were the only living descendants of the
Indian chieftain Massasoit, whose tribe
at one time numbered 30,000. Massasoit
always remained friendly to the colon
ists in the face of many wrongs re
ceived at their hands. Zerriah Mitchell
was descended from Massasoit through
his daughter Annie, who married Tus
paguin, known in Indian history as the
Black Sachem. She was educated, and
before her marriage, in 1824, taught in
a private school in Boston. Of her
twelve children but four are living. One
of her daughters, Melinda, whose In
dian name is Teweelema, is a familiar
figure in Boston, where she goes to sell
the fancy baskets made by herself and
her sister. They live in their mother's
old house and cultivate several acres of
land.
Alice Rix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
TWO STORIETTES.
One of the late James Payn's stories
concerned a dean, famous as a gourmet,
who, in his dinings out, was, of course,
asked to say grace. The worthy digni
tary first scanned the menu. If it was
an ordinary repast, the grace began,
"Lord, we thank thee," "but," added
Payn, "If there was turtle soup the in
vocation commenced, 'Bountiful Cre
ator!' "
The late George Dawson accompanied
Carlyle during the latter's travels in
Germany in search of material for his
"Frederick the Great" and they had
with them on one occasion a quiet Ger
man bookworm, who did a great deal
of the underground work. One night,
having comfortably bestowed their
great charge in a farmhouse some
eleven miles from the city, Dawson and
the bookworm betook themselves to
Berlin, and had a quiet dinner to them
selves, went to the theater, sat up late
over beer and a pipe or so, and as a
consequence of all this breakfasted
rather late in the morning. It was
summer weather, and they took their
meal In the garden. T. T p came a figure
with flying coattails — Carlyle in a tow
ering rage. "Call ye that a quiet place?
Call ye that a quiet place? At 3 o'clock
a score of cocks began to crow and
woke two score of dogs, who barked till
they woke 100 oxen, who lowed till 1
came away. And ye call that a quiet
place?"
Going to HRT7a.ll? I^oarn about Islands, peo
ple. 35c to "Hawaii," box 6J3, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
CAPTAIN FERRANDIZ, COMMANDING THE PELAYO.
MAHER BESTS
JOE GODDARD
Awarded the Decision in
the Eighth.
BOTH ARE BADLY PUNISHED
PETER FREQUENTLY FLOORS HIS
OPPONENT.
Weary of Being Punched, the Barrier
Champion Finally Declares
That He Has Had
Enough.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July B.— Peter Maher
defeated Joe Goddard to-night in eight
rounds at the Lenox Athletic Club. The
fight had been scheduled for twenty
five rounds, with five-ounce gloves.
Goddard had defeated Maher on two
previous occasions, and was the favor
ite among the sporting element previ
ous to the fight.
Goddard administered a lot of hard
punishment to his adversary, but re
ceived a terrific pounding while he was
doing so. He was out a couple of times,
but the bell saved him, and when he
quit toward the end of the eighth
round he was scarcely able to stand on
his feet. At the same time the fast
work which both had gone through
from the beginning had told on Maher,
and he was unable to land a blow
heavy enough to finish the Australian.
In the first round, in a lively ex
change, Maher hooked his right to the
head and put Joe to the floor. God
dard's nose was bleeding when the
gong sounded.
In the second Goddard's defense was
bad, and Maher got at him frequently,
but did no great damage. After some
rough infighting in the third, Goddard
went down again from a left swing on
the face. When he got up Maher sent
him down again. At the close of the
fourth Goddard got in a couple of lefts
on the head that staggered Maher.
Round five saw Goddard lying on the
floor, and he stayed down nine seconds.
Maher repeated the performance when
Joe got on his feet, and the latter again
took nine seconds' rest before rising.
The next two rounds were full of hard
hitting on both sides, but in the eighth
Maher brought his man to his knees.
The final round started lively, God
dard trying hard to reach Maher ef
fectively, but Peter landed repeatedly
on head and face. Goddard was now
unable to defend himself and held his
head down with the arms crossed in
front of his face. Maher went at him,
but could not land a knockout blow.
Goddard backed away and stretched
out his hands, saying as he did so:
"This is more than nature can
stand."
The referee then awarded the flght to
Maher. Time of round 2 minutes 55
seconds.
Result of the Chess Games.
VIENNA, July B.— The twenty-sixth
round of the international chess masters'
tournament was played to-day. Maroczy
beat Schlffers and Schlechter and Black
j burn and Caro and Burn drew. Marco
| drew with Pillsbury; Stelnitz and Janow
ski adjourned; Halprin drew with Tar
i rasch; Lipke drew with Walbrodt; Balrd
beat Trenchard; Tschigorin beat Showal
ter; Alapln a bye.
SIDNEY PAGET HAS
PURCHASED PLAUDIT
NEW YORK, July B.— lt was announced
at Brighton Beach to-day that Sidney
Paget had bought the three-year-oirt
Plaudit from J. E. Madden for $25,000. Re
sults:
First race, five furlongs, selling — Bongster
won, Miss Lynch second, Klepper third. Time,
1:02.
Second race, five furlongs— Captain Slgsbeo
won, Prince of Wales second, Mark Mlle»
third. Time, 1:06.
Third rare, mile and a sixteenth— Caldron
won, Her Own second, Lehman third. Time,
1:48)4,.
Fourth race, one mile — Irish Reel won, Miss
Tenny second, Tripping third. Time, 1:41.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Autumn won, Ethel
bert second. Rusher third. Time, 1:14%.
Sixth race, one mile— f'harentus won, Hanlon
second, Aurum third. Time, 1:43%.
ST. LOUIS, July B.— Track slow. Re
sults:
First race, six furlongs. Belling— Nora S won.
Plantation second, Reefer third. Time, 1:20%.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Verify won.
Count Foiiho second, Wilson third. Time,
1:18H-
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Belle Ward
won, Montgomery second. Palmer third. Time,
1:17%.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards, Belling
— Guide Rock won, Laurette second, Belle
Bramble third. Time, 1:G2%.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Domsie won, Helen H. Gardner second, Mar
quise third. Time, 1:52 ! 4.
Sixth race, for two-year-olds, five furlongs —
Chancery won, Good Hope second, Evelyn Byrd
third. Time, 1:06%.
CHICAGO, July B.— Washington Par*
results: Weather fine, track fast. '
First race, six and a quarter furlongs—Tar^
tarian won, Abe Furst second, Ferroll third.
Time. 1:17%.
Second race, five furlongs — Souchon won.
Queen of Song second, Rosa L third. Time,
1:01%.
Third race, mile and half— Morto Fonse
won, Dorothy 111 second, Alvarado third. Time,
2:33%.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Don Orsino won.
Libertine aecond. Princess third. Time, 1:14H-
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Al Fresco
won, Nathajison second, Imp. Mistral third.
Time, 1:44V4.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Enchanter won, Mel
ler second, Hindoonet third. Time, l:l3Vfc.
CINCINNATI. July B,— Weather fair;
track fast. Results:
First race, mile, selling— H won. Sky
lark second, Rotha third. Time, 1:42.
Second race, five furlongs— Oneita won, Jes
sie Jarboe second, Pansy H third. Time, 1:03.
Third ' race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Calus won, Tusculum second, Homelike third.
Time. 'l:4B%;
Fourth race, mile — Banaster won, Sklnk sec
ond. Lord Fraser third. Time, 1:41.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Volandles won, Es
tabrooka, second, The Bondman third. Time,
1:02%. ' .
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Royal Dance won, Vlrgle O second, Sir Ebony
third. Time. ■ 1:48*4.
BUTTE, July B.— "Weather warm; track
fast; attendance fair. Results:
First race, three-quarters of a mile. Afghan
won, Saucy Eyes second, ■ Hlmera third. - Time,
1:15^. , - : .-
Second race. six furlongs, Loch Ness won,
Master Mariner second. Tiny 'P third. Time,
1:15%. : . , - , .
Third race, five furlongs, Imp. Black Cap
won, Sallle Goodwin second. Tammany Hall II
third. Tiijw, 1 C:%.
Fourth race, mile and twenty yards. Bar
racan won, William 08. second. Poet Scout
third. Time, 1:42%.:
Fifth race, half a mile, Omah Wool won.
Lady Ashley second, Rattler third. Time, :48V*.
BUFFALO, July B.— Results at Fort
Erie:
First race, six furlongs, Locksley won, Neltlt
Brooks second, ' Nigger Baby third. Time,
1:15%. • "
Second race, five furlongs, . Zlurlne won.
Cheese Mile second, ,- Fallella third. Time.
1:02*4- • ■ ■ . ' - i ■ ■■■ ■ . ■ ' ■ :■■
Third race, six furlongs, Helmsdal* : won,
Annie Laurie second, Lord Farandjis - third.
Time, I:lsV*. . . . .
Fourth race, six furlongs, Utopia wjn. Jessie
. second, , Dave 8 third. Time, 1:1644. •;
Fifth race, one mile,-, Earl Fonso won. Scraps
second, Devault third. Time. 1:45.
Sixth race, one mile,' Simon D won, Tony
Honing second, Belzalr third. Time, . 1:48. ■ . •
Walnut Growers Combine.
FULLERTON, Cal., July 8.-The wal
nut-growers of Fullerton, Santa Ana,
Riverside, El Monte, Anaheim and Satl
coy have signed an agreement to fix and
maintain the prices on the coming sea
son's crop and to sell no nuts on con
signment. The associations will handle
nine-tenths of the entire walnut crop of
Southern California this season and the
estimate of the number of car loads
which they will control is placed at 475,
wnich will sell for at least $500,000.
BALTIMORE FALLS
TO FOURTH PLACE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..48 23 .676 New Y0rk... 33 34 .493
Boston 42 27 .609 Philadelphia 29 36 .446
Cleveland ...41 27 .603 Washington 29 39 .426
Baltimore ...40 27 .697 [Brooklyn ....27 39 .403
Chicago 40 31 .sb3!St. Louis 23 60 .315
Pittsburg ....38 31 . 551 ! Louisville ...22 4S .314
BALTIMORE, July B.— Four singles
and a sacrifice netted Washington three
runs in the opening inning of to-day's
contest and won the game. Attendance
1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 2 6 2
Washington 3 8 2
Batteries— Maul and Robinson; Mercer and
McGuire. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA, July B.— Donohue
pitched great ball for the Phillies this af
ternoon and shut Boston out without a
hit or a run. On the other hand Willis
was very wild, giving eight bases on
balls and hitting two batsmen. Attend
ance 2600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 0 0 1
Philadelphia 5 7 2
Batteries— Willis and Bergen; E. Donohue
and McFarland. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
PITTSBURG, July B.— Frazer was too
easy, and after giving ten hits for
twenty-bases and thirteen runs, Dowling
was substituted in the fourth. The hits
off Killen were scattered, and the numer
ous errors behind him did no damage.
Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburgr 14 13 5
Louisville 3 9 1
Batteries — Killen and Bowerman; Frazer,
Dowling and Powers. Umpires — rfnyder and
Connelly.
CLEVELAND, July B.— The Indians
whitewashed the Browns in a scientific
battle. Attendance 600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 5 0
St. Louis 0 2 1
Batteries — Powpll and O'Connor: Sudhoft and
Sugden. Umpires — O'Day and McDonald.
NEW YORK. July S.— Hard hitting in
the first two innings won the game for
New York. Brooklyn's two runs came
in on wild throws by Grady. Attendance
1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 6 10 2
Brooklyn 2 5 1
Batteries— Seymour and Grady; Yeager and
Ryan. Umpires— Emslle and Hunt.
CHICAGO, July B.— The crippled Or
phans went at Hill hard in the first,
bunching live hits for as many runs, but
■were unable to touch him after that.
Woods pitched well for eight innings, but
weakened at the finish. Attendance i!4uo.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 8 9 3
Cincinnati 11 13 5
Batteries — Woods and Donohue; Hill and
Peitz. Umpires — Swartwood and Wood.
SEATTLE. Wash., July B.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Seattle 5 12 5
Spokane 15 15 5
PORTLAND, Or, July B.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Portland 19 19 5
Tacoma 9 8 5
WASHINGTON, July B.— "Jack" Doyle
wns sold to the New Yorks to-day for a
12000 consideration.
Is the lot of the man who is a. weak and
puny mortal. Watch for the drawn face
and the tired limbs. See those trembling
hands. Notice the uncertain look in the eye.
What brings men to this pass The thing
principally to blame is indiscretion. If you
eat too much rich food you will sooner or
later have dyspepsia. If you drink too
freely other troubles quite as serious will
face you. If you go to excess of any nature
you must pay the penalty. You stunt nature
and you become a weakling — a half-man.
Nature resents abuse of all faculties. There
is, however, relief for you if you are "down"
and "all gone" to-day. You have only to
ask for relief and you get it.
Write. That is as good. "Hudyan," which
is nature's own production, brings instanta-
neous help. It stops the drains which are
sapping your very life's fountain of vitality
in a week. Then the system responds in a
grand way. Life is again a pleasure.
Spirits rise and full strength and fire re-
appear. "Hudyan" does this for the weak
at all times and in all places. It has never
been known to fail— indeed, it cannot fail.
Circulars and testimonials are sent freely to
all inquirers. These show its wondrous
power in a manner that cannot be doubted.
A great army of men have been restored to
the full enjoyment of youthful energy by it.
It makes men full of
yl ¥% g VL iu\ Sft m : H B wm
a .
There is blood taint In evidence when
you have thinning eyebrows, copper-col-
ored spots or tiny ulcers in the mouth.
Then ask for "30-day blood cure" circu-
lars. They are free. Drives all the poison
out at once and leaves the system per-
fectly sound and welL
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON. MARKET AND ELLIS ST3.,
San Fran;isco, Cal.
All Facial Blemishes, Skin and Scalp Diseases
permanently cured; featural irregularities cor-
rected by experienced physicians at the JOHN
H. WOODBURY INSTITUTE, 127 West •Forty-
second St., New York. Use Woodbury's Facial
Soap, Facial Cream and Facial Powder and
Dental Cream. . .
MADE ME A MAN
j-'ggS'AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
kJ ~\ JLUjNcrvotu JHneatett— Fuiling Mem*
KM — f it I ory.lm potency. Sleeplessness, etc.. caused
W ,Xl oj Abase or other Excesses and India*
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A.LT, Jiirt'ous l>iaea*e#— Failing Mem-
ory, Im potency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abuse or othar Exuetsas and India*
crotior.:*. They quickly and surely
\^j~T restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit a man for study, baslcessor marriage.
yb>h£X3> Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in mo. Their nso shows itntnedinie improve-
ment and effect* aOO UE where all other fall In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets, v. They
have cared thousands and will euro you. Wo give a pos-
itive written guarantee to eff set a cure Eft PTC in
each case or refund the mono/. Price OV V I Wiper
package; or six pkees (full treatment) for $2.50. By
pail. In plain wrapper, opon receipt of price. Circnlar
S*- AJAX REMEDY CO., 'SSIF
For tele In San Francisco by Lelpnits * Cot.
lit Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. Sit MM.
IA/. X. HESS,
: NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Ciaus ripreckels Bids.
: Telephone Brown ML .
Residence, 821 California street. b«l«*
, Po veil. Ban Francisco. .
SUICIDE AFTER
A WANTON ACT
Outcome of a Quarrel on
Bouldin Island.
FERRYMAN SHOOTS ANOTHER
THEN BLOWS THE TOP OF HIS
OWN HEAD OFF
Steve Gordon, the Wounded Man,
Will Recover — Charles Swan
son, His Assailant, Had
Been Drinking.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, July B.— Charles Swanson
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMOLUTE^SECUmfYT
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of Brent Good.
PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy ' ■ '
to take as sugar.
SEE I A DTCD> IFORI F0R HEADACHE. §FP
SEE uAKI IKo for dizziness. SEE
rr\TiTi\Tr SPITTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. rr\TTTi\TB
GENUINE I jl/cb- for torpid liver. GENUINE
1 Pi ILS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER JLIiB for SALLOW skin. WRAPPFR
TTiiArrLn IfflHWi I FOR THE COMPLEXION " ftAriLft
- - . I CEl'ltlMi UUSTHAVtUCNATURC,
25 Cents I Purely Vegetable.,/^^*^*^.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
get Til Kit* PACIFIC COMPAar.
(PACIFIC HYHTBM.)
TrnlM leave nod nrr due to i»rrlw« ■>«
MAN FItANCIW«-O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) >
cca vb — From Juke 1. 1893. — amtv
'6:00 a Nlles, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:-*3 a
7:00 a. nicia, Buigua and Sacramento. . . . 1O:4»a
1 :OO a Marysvllle, OrorlUeand Redding t!»
Woodland B:4»r
7:0« a Vacavillo and Rumsey 8i45?
7i3Ua Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
CalUtoea and Hams Rob* 2. '
Biooa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Ka.st.. B:*lir
»i««a Nllob, Hau Jose. lock ton, lone,
! Sacramento, ' Marynvillo, Chico,
Tehama and Red Bluff -«tl»r
•8:8»a Peters, MlUini, O».kdale «7tl»r
OiWOa New Orleans ICxiness, Meroed, Fres-
no, BakeraUel.l, Santa l'.;ir)iara,
•'■• '■'.- :>■ Los Angeles, Dewing, El l"a»o.
New Orleans and East 2'l5 P
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations *****
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers "•«!'
.... San Jose, >' lies and Way Stations... J»:1»a
tiOOp Lirermore, Mendota, Hanford and
I" Visalla.. ■■- * !l5 *
LlTunnore, Sen Jose, Nile* sod Way
Stations }IO:13a
Fresno, Yosemite, Meroed, Martines 18:15*
€iOOf Martinez, Han lUuion, Vallejo.
Naps, Callstoga, ICI V«ranp and -• ■■
Bai'taltoKa .....;...... »•!»»
4iO»p Benlcia, VacaTllle, Woodland, ;
Kiiijhts Landing, MftrysTille, Oro- ; J _
Title and Hacrameiito i 5i 5 : t2*
4xBop Klles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilsr
4:30p Stockton, Lodi, Oakdale (James-
town for Yosemite). Merced 1»»1»*
4iB9p Latbrop, Modesto. Merced, Berends
:-vi :. ; (Raymond for YosenUte). Fresno, *
MojaTe, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles... 7i4»a
4ißor Santa Fe Route. Atlantic Bipross
for MoJaTe Mid ICnst 6j45p
t:(Or Wnropeau Mail, Ogden and Mask.... ,| -*s*
•6:00 r Vallejo Y S'IZ'
B:«Op HaywarilJi. Nlles and San .Tone 7:4»a
t7:OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way 8»*.
tions I»i4O*
8:U«p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
Tills, Hed.Hiur, Portland, Pueet
Honml ami Kant gil»A
SAN LEAMtKO ASI» lIAYWAUDS LOCAL.
, (Foot of Market Street.)
"1 Me!rom>, Seminary Park, ( : 15*
••JJ* Sun Lesndro, South Has \i"sl
112-vOm Lorenzo, Cherry ■ ti:4sp
i»:0Op »«'« $«:«p
5:00p HnyTf»rds. Igi43p
7iUOp < Runs through to Nile*. Ti43p
J t From Nlles. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow <Ja«ge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Orui Excursion, Santa Crui ~
and Principal Way Stations JB»osp
8:1Sa Newark.Centerrille.San Joae.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santo and Way
Stations —•- »*•»
*»iiap Newark, CenterTille, San Jos*, new
Almaden, Fclton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal W»»
SUtlons * 10: A
4il»P San Josa, Glenwood & Way Stations » :2©a
q4:l.^p Boulder Creek and Santa Crw JW:BOa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS r&lHOISOO— root of Market Strut (SUb I)—
•7:18 0:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:90 tl:00
•4:00 tS:0O »6:00p.«I.
FrtmOlKUlID— F»ol«rBro«iw»y.— "8:00 8:00 10:00
112:00 •1:00 t2:00 «3:00 t*:00 *B:00rjt.
COAST 111 VISION (Broad (Jange). *,
_j and To\«anend St».) m
•7tUOA B»ii Jose ami Way SUtlous (New ~~~"
Almadeu Weanesdaysonly)....... li«*I
tT<B#A Sunday Excursion for San Jos&
Santa Cn«, Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way Stations JJ*»M»
•i«Oa Han Jos«, Tree Vinos, Hant* Crux,
Pacilic Orovt. Paso Hubles, San
liiiis Odispo, Cluiiilalupe, Surf and •
Principal Way Stations 4il»r
I*MOa San Jose ami Way SUtlous *8:OOj
11:3Oa San Jose ami Way Stations 'SiUaA
*»t4Br San Mateo, Redwood, Menlr. Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Gilror. , HollUter, Santa Crur,
Salinas, Monterey and racitio
' GroTe •IOt8*»
•B:BopSanJ(»e and Way SUUons *O:UOa
*4:13p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 8:45 a
•3:00 San Jose and Principal Way Station! 6:35 a
0:30p8»n Jose and Principal WayStatio«s> O:SOp
O:»Op San Jose and Way Stations v 7:30r
}lli4Sp San Jose and Way 8UU0i». ........ Ti»O>
A for Morning. - P for Afternoon.
•Hunrtaja excrpted. { Sundays only. 1 Saturdays otily
I Sapdwrs and Monday. a Saturdays and Sunday.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
■nd Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on trie Following Time i '
ILeave San Francisco. 4: 3o p. m.. S. M.T.W.T.P.S.
JArrlv« Denver ...'.. 6:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.B.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
'Arrive St. Louis.... 6:15 p. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DIN ING- ROOMS
Berve Superior Meals ; at Very Reason-
able Rates.'
you WILL BE COMFORTABLE
You Travel on the Santa Po.
SAM FRANCISCO TICKET office — 828 MARKET st, ■
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1620.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Offioe'— 2 DI-J Street.
Saa Jcsb Office— We^t Santa. Clan St.
iiomrr tamalpais SCENIC RAILWAY.
.-••■ (Via Sausalliu Ferry.) '
Leave San Francisco, commencing May •1.
ttMs
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. •.
■ ■ Sundays-* :00. 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
8:30 p. m. •. ;  , -... ...
July 4th. 1898. trains will run on Sunday tlm«
Round trip rrom Mill, Valley, fl.
I THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market
of Bouldin Island, who runs a ferry from
Central Station to Andrews Island, dis
charged two loads from a double-bar
reled shotgun, this morning, into Steve
Gordon, agent for the California Naviga
tion and Improvement Company. The
shooting took place about 9 o'clock on
the Sacramento side of the river, and the
wounded man was brought to Stockton
this afternoon on the Clara Crow. After
the shooting of Gordon, Swanson went in
to his ark, when another shot was heard.
As Swanson has not been seen since it
is believed he has committed suicide.
The shooting was the result of a quarrel,
In which Swanson was the aggressor.
Gordon is not dangerously wounded.
It has since been learned that after
firing the two shots Swanson returned to
his ark and. locking the door, blew the
top of his head off. The quarrel was over
the fact that Gordon had carried a man
across the river in a skiff after Swanson
had refused to answer a signal to come
after him. Swanson had been drunk for
two or three days and \*as ugly.
Epworth Conference at Los Angeles.
LOS ANOELES, July B.— The seventh
annual conference of the California State
Epwrrth League convened to-day In Trin
ity Methodist Churca. Seventy-five dele
sates were present from all parts of the
State After the usual committees were
appointed by the chair, the conference a<l
touroed until evening. The evening ses-
Pion consisted of a song service, an ad
dress uy State President ISewby and a
sermon by Rev. Kenney.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUwron F«rnr. V—t •< M«rk«t St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN . RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Eactra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:46,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:66 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40."
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Ear. Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. . - -
Leave I Arrive-
San Francisco. I In Effect Sac Francisco.
j June 29, , — •
Week I Sun- 189 S. Sun- 1 Week .
Days. I days. | Destination, days. j Days.
7:30 ami 3:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pmj 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pro 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
1 ] Fulton, r~ """"I
7:30 am , Windsor, • . 10:25 am
-• . ' "•. j Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle, ' '■'..' ;
8:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale.' 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am) i Hopland and I ; ~ 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 amf Uklah. 7:35 pm t 6:22 pm
7:30 am) V i . 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm] I j ) 6:2? pm
7:30 am &:00 am " Sonoma i 10:40 am 8:40 am
and I
• 5:10 pm| 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ) 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami SebastopolTTiO am 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| - , | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, BuckneU's,' Sanhedrln Heights.
Hullville, Booneville, Orr"s Hot Springs. Man-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chroniel* bldje
A. • W. . FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
f^NICKERBOCKER
IV SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN— ~"
Via Blfi FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
IN©\a/ York,
Boston,
Montreal,
Buffalo,
lndionnpolls,
Cincinnati,
Washington*
Finest and fastest regular train between
Mississippi River and Eastern Seashore over
greatest system of transportation in th» -
world— the Vanderbllt Lines. ■ . .
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls/Wash-'-
ington, Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs.
This train allows half day's stop In St. Louis
and goes Into the only depot In New York
City.
C. W. GREEN,
Traveling Pass'r Agent.. Kansas City, Mo.
A. J. WHITEHEAX),
Traveling Passenger Agent: Dallas. Tex.
WM. P. DEPPB,
Ass't Gen'l Passenger Agt.. St. Louis. Mo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAT! JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, IS9S. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. ■ North-bound.
Passen- Mixed, ■ Mixed, Passen-
ger, Sunday Sta- Sunday > ger, ■
Dally. Exc'pted tions. Exc'pted Daily. ,
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 p m 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 a m 1:25 pm '
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 pmi 7:50 p m Visaiia 6:40 a m|l2:J5 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points as required
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
p. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and
from , Snelllngs, Coulterville. Yosemlte. etc.;
also with stage from Hornltos, Maripoaa, eta. ;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. ISSI
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, . »8:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; •1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, "6:00,
6:30 p. m. : -
Extra - trips for • San Rafael on •■ Monday*. -
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:34
p. m. SUNDAYS. ' :
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, »9:00.
•10:00 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, »1:45, •2:3O.'»4:O0l
5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. ■
Trains marked * run to San Quentln. ; .
THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'na.
3:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. . week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and '
• ■ way stations. :
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way station*.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
z — PM ** M .
I Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANa'bITTERB, THB
Kreat Mexican remedy; gives health and
I atrtngtb to tht sexual organ*. ■• ■LOYAL MEN OF SAN JOSE
READY TO UPHOLD THE FLAG
ARTILLERY and cavalry soldiers
of the United States army In
camp at the Presidio have their
equipage snugly packed and are
1 ourly expecting orders to em
bark for Manila on the steamships Peru
and City of Puebla,
Signs of increased vigor In the work
of chartering and fitting ships to con
vey supplies and reinforcements to the
Philippines were perceptible yesterday.
Major Long received several Important
messages by wire from Washington.
The result of the telegraphic corre
spondence is likely to be the early en
gagement of several capacious steam
ers for military purposes.
There is talk that a regiment of vol
unteers will be sent from the Depart
ment of California to Honolulu. General
Merriam has not at this time under his
command a compact regimental organ
ization of volunteers, but he has a suf
ficient number of companies of the
Sixth California and First Washington
Volunteers to organize a force equal In
6 trength to a regiment.
A dispatch from Washington, receiv
ed by The Call at a late hour last night.
Bays that the adjutant general of the
army has not yet decided which troops
will go to Honolulu.
READY TO EMBARK.
The Fourth Cavalry and Sixtfi
Arillery Have Packed Up
All Their Belongings.
The six troops of the Fourth United
States Cavalry and the two batteries of
the Sixth United states Artulery at the
Presidio have all their belongings
packed and ready to be put on ship
board immediately upon receiving or
ders to embark for Manila.
The first battalion of the Third Regi
ment of Volunteer Engineers will ar
rive here this morning from Portland
and go into camp with the other com
panies now located west of Camp Mil
ler on the Presidio plain. The engineer
corps is in command of Major Langflt.
The two batteries of the Sixth Artil
lery at Camp Miller were paid off yes
terday by Major Dorvney, paymaster.
Major Hess of the Third Artillery,
accompanied by his family, leaves to
day for Fort Canby. at the mouth of
the Columbia, to take command of that
post and also of Fort ritevens and
Scarborough Head.
A dispatch received here from Wash
ington yesterday states that it was de
cided at a Cabinet meeting to send a
regiment of troops to Honolulu im
mediately and that the commandant at
the Presidio had been communicated
with to learn what forces are avail
able. No dispatch of inquiry has been
received at the Presidio and Major
General Mcrriam, commanding the De
partment of California, who is the
proper officer to furnish such informa
tion, knows nothing of any such tele
gram.
The First Regiment of New York
Volunteers, which left New York yes
terday afternoon, is expected to arrive
in San Francisco next Wednesday.
Headquarters, band, officers and en
listed number all told 1365 men.
WOODLAND MEN
RETURN HOME
San Jose Will Fill the Vacancy
in the Eighth California
Volunteers.
CAMP BARRETT, FRUTTVALE. July
g.— The \.oodland company, who re
fuFcl to volunteer, marched out of camp
this afternoon, to the mingled cheers and
jeers of the men of the Eighth California
Regiment, and boarded a train at Frult
vale for the mole, where they transferred
to another train bound for the town they
left a week ago.
Noi all the men who marched into camp
•with the company marched out again.
Fully fifty of them remained behind and
will seek to enlist in San Francisco. Eight
have already Joined other companies of
this rrgim<nt. and more would have done
po at the last minute had there been
vacancies for them. Those who went
home did so without their arms or ac
rments, except the uniforms they
All the State property in their
-sion had been taken away from
them the night before. Their uniforms
must now be surrendered, and they will
be mustered out of the State service, in
c with the following order from
[uarters to-day:
SAX FRANCISCO, July 8, IB9S.
General Order No. 4.
Company F, Second Regiment. Third Brig
ade. N. G. C. Is hereby disbanded and mus-
red out of the service of this State for good
and sufficient cause and the Rood of the serv
ice. Captain .1. J. "Ward, commanding officer
of the company, will turn over all State and
Government property that he may have in his
possession to Colonel R. L Peeler, assistant
adjutant general, N. G. C, and take his re
ceipt for the same. He will not be relieved
from his bond and responsibilities until sn.-h
time as he has made a satisfactory settlement
for property and moneys now in his hands to
the adjutant general. J{y order of the Com
mander in Cnlef. A. W. BARRETT,
.Adjutant General.
Yesterday the Woodland men believed
their action was Indorsed by all their
townspeople. If so, many had altered
their opinion, for when the company
reached home to-night their reception
was not what the 3' had counted on. To
be sure, there was an immense crowd at
the depot, but they were mostly friends
and relatives of the men. with ;i sprink
ling of the curious. There were also a
and fifteen or twenty citizens, who
escorted Captain Ward and his men to
the Armory. There was no unusual
demonstration, and when the armory was
r«ached Captain Ward briefly expl
the position of himself and his m-n and
then dismissed his company. That was
all. Many conservatism resident « of
Woodland, while blaming Governor Budd
for his action, feel that the men went
forth to serve their country, not Captain
Ward, and they do not consider that the
soldiers were Justified in their course.
Governor Budd has been charged In
many quarters with having allowed pol
itics to enter into the naming of officers
of the Eighth Regiment. This accusation
is not borne out by facts, of the line of
ficers the Governor has retained a ma-
Jorlty of the National Quard officers, and
where changes have been made or vacan
cies filled only the good of the service
) considered. Among the field of
onel Henstaaw Is a Democrat;
Colonel Carrington, being an army officer,
Is not supposed to pay any attention to
polities; while both Majors Whitton and
Forbes are Republicans. The three new
captains— Barnes, Baldwin and Lyon — are
all Republicans, the latter replacing
Hmlth, a Democrat, Of the new lieuten
ants appointed. Stockdale, Meggett,, Mar
riott and Denson are also Republicans.
In a signed statement to The Call yes
terday Captain Ward said in effect that
there could be no good reason why he
was removed. A letter signed by the
adjutant general to a citizen of Wood
land, dated last April, was also published
in The ("all, asserting that Captain Ward
had been derelict in his duty In not filing
his bond for severs.] months after his
election. This brought out the statement
from Ward's champion. Private Dungan.
before he left camp to-day, and published
in an evening paper, that his bond had
been pigeonholed at Sacramento for some
time. In reply to this General Barrett
has made the following written state
ment:
The records of my office show that Captain
ward was commissioned as captain of Com
pany F. Second Regiment. December 21, 1897.
His bond bears date of March 28, 1898. and wag
received in the adjutant general's office April
•9, 1898, and was then returned to Captain Ward
for correction on account of shortage ! of prop
ertr. It was received back at the adjutant
general's office on or about April 23. Thi- bond
should have been filed in the adjutant general's
office by January 1. lgM
A. \V. BARIiETT, Adjutant General.
Of the Woodland men who remained
behind First Lieutenant Peart has adopt
ed a course that has won for him the
commendation of every officer in the reg
iment and more substantial recognition
on the part of the Governor, lieutenant
Peart, though friendly to Ward, believed
he owed a higher duty to his country, and
refused to return home. He had been
commissioned first lieutenant of Com
pany M, but when it refused to be mus
tered in he offered his services in any ca
pacity to Colonel Henshaw. His action
was reported to Governor Hudd and
I cart will be given a lieutenancy in the
new company that is to take the place
of tho Woodland men. This was decided
upon by the Governor to-night, who tele
phoned his decision to Colonel Henshaw.
Captain Smith of Redding has also been
rewarded for loyalty in holding his men
together. H. 1,. Atchinson of Marysville.
who was commissioned first lieutenant
of Company L of that o>ty. has notified
the Governor that he cannot accept the
appointment, and to-night notification
camo from headquarters that Captain
Smith had been appointed to the vacancy.
This recognition of Captain Smith's loy
alty Is applauded by all his brother of
ficers, and to-night he was the recipient
of hearty congratulations.
Captain Smith, like the true soldier he
Is, remained with his old command from
Redding up to the last minute to-day. He
took Captain Lyon in hand ami presented
him to the members of the company, and
personally prepared the muster rolls.
Then at 4:30 p. m., he marched the com
pany out in front of headquarters and
llnning it up before the field, staff and
mustering officers, and in the presence of
nearly every member of the regiment and
a large number of Oaklanders, formally
Introduced his successor and called upon
his old command to give three cheers for
SOME JOKES OF CAMP BARRETT.
their new captain. This was heartily re
sponded to. and Captain Lyon, in turn,
called for cheers for Captain Smith. Ev
ery man on the ground answered to this
call with all the power of his lungs. The
mustering officer then read the oath und
the brave fellows from .Shasta an 1 Siski
you became Uncle Sam's boys for the two
years or longer, if h>> wants them.
To San Jose has fallen the honor >f
filling up the vacancy caused by the d< -
fection of Woodland. Offers were receivi d
from Sacramento, Fresno. Nevada City,
Oakland. San Jos.- and Napa to furnish
companies, and as San Jose offered to
have its men ready in the shortest time
the offer of J. J. Adel was accepted and
he will be commissioned a lieutenant,
with Peart, In the company. Captain
George B. Baldwin, who will command
the company, went to San Jose to assist
in forming it, and Major Whitton went
down on the afternoon train to lend his
aid. Reports from there indicate that
the greatest enthusiasm prevails, and
that Captain Baldwin will come into
camp at 11 a. m. to-morrow with 120 as
fine men as can be found In the service.
The three regimental surgeons will be
gin the physical examination of the men
immediately upon their arrival, and
Captain Murray expects to be able to
muster them in to-morrow night. The
tents and kitchen vacated by Woodland
an- all ready for the occupancy of the
new comers, and Captain Baldwin and
Lieutenant Add send word that their
men promise to eclipse those under Cap
tain Partridge"* command and for years
the pride of the Garden City, which is
the only place honored with two com
panies in the Kighth.
uovernor Budd declined to grant the
petition of Company H to assign Captain
Baldwin to the command of that com
pany, but to-day he notified Colonel Jl<n
shaw that after the regiment was com
pleted. If he cared to do so, he could
transfer Captains Baldwin and T.yon, and
this would be done., so that eventually
Captain Lyon will be In command of Com
pany M of San Jose.
Captain Murray mustered in the field
officers this afternoon as soon as he re
ceived assurance from the Governor that
I the Twelfth Company would be on hand
i to-morrow. Colonel Henshaw, Lieutenant
Colonel Carrington and Majors Whitton
and Forbes took the oath, Major Whitton
being designated as the senior major.
Lieutenants Poote, Meggett, Butledge,
De Toe and Munn, Quartermaster Ser
vant Kirkham and Chief Musician
Gomez were also mustered in.
Colonel Carrington has completed the
organization of the band. The men re-
Ceived their Instruments yesterday and
made their iirst appearance at guard
mount this afternoon. Captuin "H."
Barnes went in as officer of the day and
made an Imposing sight.
Colonel Henshaw is the recipient of a
splendid pair of Held glasses, bearing the
following inscription:
"Presented to Colonel Park Henshaw.
Kighth Regiment, United States Volunteer
Infantry, by the young men of Chico, as
a token of their esteem, June 28, 1898."
But the proudest man in camp is Major
Whitton. who is kept busy showing a
magnificent gold mounted saber, the hilt
topped with a gold eagie. It is one of
the handsomest blades ever exhibited on
the coast, and came from a few of the
popular major's close friends in San
Jose. On one side is inscribed:
"To Major Albert K. Whitton, San
Jose, Cal. From his personal friends
July 2, 1598."
On the reverse Bide are the names of
the donors as follows:
MC. M. Wooster, George M. Bowman,
H. B. Alvord. Drs. R. E. Pierce and E.
S. Breyfogle."
A beautiful gold belt and sword knot
for dress occasions, accompanies the
gift.
Private J. J. Riekers of Company A
Chico, who was taken ill with tubercu
losis of the bowels several days ago, died
In the County Hospital this afternoon
Surgeon Shields performed an operation
last evening, but it was tjo late.
Private Evans, who was injured by div
ing last week, shows no sign of improve
ment. The surgeons have discovered a
partial dislocation of the spine, and his
recovery la considered impossible. He is
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
at the County Hospital and is receiving
every attention.
Oaklanders feel very gratified that their
offer of a stand of regimental and na
tional colors has been accepted by Colonel
Henshaw. The presentation of these
colors will be one of the most noticeable
events in connection with Camp Barrett.
A. S. MaeDonald, K. M. Fitzgerald, p. E.
Bowles and A. L. Stone comprised the
committee who undertook the task of pro
: vidlng the colors. They went out to Camp
Barrett this afternoon and conferred with
the colonel's staff regarding the details
of the presentation, in addition to the
regimental colors, which will be of the.
finest manufacture, a national flag will
also be given the volunteers. It is the in
tention of the committee to make a great
ovent out of the presentation.
SAN JOSE, July S.— This city has been
given the honor of furnishing another
company for the Eighth Regiment, and,
consequently, then- has been great ex
citement here this afternoon and evening.
Company B armory being crowded with
those eager to enlist. This morning- lieu
tenant J. J. Adel, commissary on the staff
of Colonel Fairbanks of tho Fifth Regi
ment, wired Governor Budd offering his
services and a full company to take the
place of the Woodland company which
revolted yesterday. At 2 o'clock a mes
sage was received from Governor Budd to
proceed with the enlistment and be pre
pared to take the 9:20 train to-morrow
morning for Camp Barrett. The military
call was at once sounded on the flrebell,
and the enlistment roll opened under the
supervision of Mitchell Phillips, the well
known capitalist. Sixty men were en
listed in the first sixty minutes, and when
the roll was closed to-night at 10 o'clock
113 men had been signed. The men are un
usually intelligent and well formed, and
the company is predicted to be the crack
command of the regiment.
Captain Baldwin arrived this evening
and took formal charge of affairs. I[e
praised the men highly and said they
were tho equal of the Woodland men phy
sically and in every other way. Ho suid
San rose, vas rhen the chance of Riling
the vacancy because of the unanimity
with which the offer was made. The cap
tain was roundly cheered at the close of
his actress. He assured the men that they
would Fee active service.
The company leaves at 'j:C(i, by way of
Nllea for Camp Barrett. The men are
mostly green material, but they are an In
telligent lot and it will not take long to
get them 1.-! shape. They will k'> to Camp
Barrett ■without arms or uniforms winch
\>!'l b<> furnished them as soon as they
get there. Hurried preparations have
been made to give the men a good send cfJ
in the morning, and they will be escorted
to the depot by a band and a lar^e num
ber of citizens. The Red Cross Society
will furnish the men with two days' ra
tions and other necessary articles.
TRANSPORTS FOR MANiLA.
Steamers Pennsylvania and Rio
Janeiro Chartered and Oth
ers Under Consideration.
The work of preparing the Peru and
City of Puebla for the carrying of troops
to Manila has been about completed, and
the soldiers assigned to those vessels, as
announced recently in The Call, will
probably go on shipboard on Monday and
sail for the Philippines later in the week.
The Pennsylvania, sister ship of the
Indiana, and the Rio Janiero have been
chartered as transports, and will soon be
put in readiness for a voyage to Manila
with troops. It Is said that with the
fifth expedition, to be composed of four or
five steamers, Mhjot General Otis will sail
on the Rio Jani<-ro. There. Is some talk
of securing for this fleet the steamer St.
Paul, owned by the Alaska Trading Com
pany- She is a sister ship of the Senator,
and is due here to-morrow, and not much
time will be required to put her In shape
for the transportation of troops. The
steamer Czarina was Inspected yesterday
by Major Long and Captain Howard. Sho
Is ;i line, roomy vessel, and has been en
gaged in the Klondike trade. If accepted,
she will carry quite a number of horses —
probably those of the Fourth Cavalry—
and 100 men. who will take care of them.
After the departure of the fifth expedi
tion the troops remaining here will be
carried to Manila on the transports re
turning from that port. They will be
back in a few weeks.
CAMP MERRITT INSPECTED
Sanitary Conditions and the
Health of Men Not What '
They Should Be. :
A copy of the following report sub
mitted by Major Matthews on Wednesday
to Major Potter, - chief surgeon of Camp
Merrltt, was sent yesterday by Major
General OtHS to each of the brigade com
manders, for their information: .
CAMP MERRITT. : San Francisco, Cal.,
. .■•-•:,-:: July 6, 1838. .
To the Chief Surgeon, Independent Division,
Eighth Army Corps— Sir: I. have the honor to
submit the following report: In compliance
with your Instructions I have made an inspec
tion of Camp Merrltt, and find that the sani
tary conditions and the health of the men in
camp are not what they should be, for the fol
lowing reasons: ■ -,'-. ■■'-* -•,;•■■■ : . , -; '
First — The regimental commanders " are too
lenient and 'careless', In ;. the hours given their
men at night. It is suggested that at 10 o'clock
all men should 'be: In quarters unless given :
passes for ■ important reasons. ,
Second— Regimental- surgeons are not requir
ing company cooks to : exercise proper care . of
kitchen slops and ; garbage: , It is . suggested
that they be required to burn all kitchen gar
bage possible, and : that, the filth and garbage*
collected by the morning policing parties be
also promptly burned.' -.-.-- ; ; • . . •. ■:'- ■.-■.'
- Third — The bowls* at -the mess tent are not
kept in *ok cleanly a.i condition as should be,
some of. them 'smelling badly. ,'■■ .' : ; :
'. Fourth— number of sinks Is not sufficient,
several of the: commands requiring^ at' least
two more."- It Is suggested that the regimental
surgeon be required to know, and see to it that;
they ■(ire disinfected each day . Respectfully
submitted. : • , , W. S. iH. MATTHEWS.
■Major and Surgeon,' United States Volunteers,
Sanitary Officer : and : Inspector, Camp Merrltt,
San Francisco, Cal. ; ' ; • ;? _
>\ All ■ of the ' brigade commanders will,. no
doubt, Issue orders such as will cause
regimental commanders to immediately
comply with the suggestions in Major
Matthews' report.
As soon as General Miller had received
a copy of the suggestions at First Brig
ade headquarters he immediately issued
the following order, relative to the men
being In their quarters at the required
time:
Headquarters First Brigade, Independent Di
vision, Kißhth Army Corps,
CAMP MERRITT. San Francisco, Cal.,
July 8, 189 S.
General Order No. 22.
In pursuance to instructions from headquar
ters. Independent Division, Elßhth Army
Corps, regimental and battalion commanders.
Camp Merritt. will require all men to be In
their quarters at 10 o'clock p.m., unless given
pusses for Important reasons to a later period.
By command,
BRIGADIER GENKRAL MILLER.
PUTNAM B. STKONG, Assistant Adjutant
General.
«
MOSBY AND WHITE.
Correspondence on the Topic
of Political Influence for
War Commissions.
It seems likely that Colonel John S.
Mosby's desire to serve his country will
not be gratified Wiles political influence is
Invoked in his behalf. At the llrst sign
of conflict with Spain, Colonel Mosby,
whose military record is too well known
a story to require new telling, wired to
his friend General Miles, who had desired
his services that he was ready to serve.
Much to his surprise, the gallant Mosby
received from Miles a brief response sug
gesting that he use "influence"; suggest
ing further that Colonel Mosby enlist in
his cause the Congressional representa
tives of his State.
This tho Colonel positively declined to
do and allowed matters to remain as they
were until two weeks ago when he receiv
ed word that Rev. S. F. Chapman, of Vir
ginia, an old friend, had approached Sen
ator. White on the subject. The colonel,
knowing that Mr. Daniels was acting in
a spirit of friendship, deemed it best, how
ever, :to inform Senator White that the
action of Mr' Daniels was taken without
his knowledge or consent.
In his letter to Senator "White Colonel
MoEby, speaking of General Miles' sug
gestion that political influence be secured,
wrote: "To this I replied that I had no in
fluence to rely on except my record as a
soldier, with which the President and the
Secretary of War ought to be familiar, as
they served in the Shenandoah Valley,
and especially, as the President in the
lirst interview I had with him told me
that I had kept him miserable all the
time he was • there. By my answer to
General Miles I did not mean to intimate
an opinion that I had exhibited military
capacity that warranted my appointment
but that in the "big wars that made am
bition virtue' those who have the ap
pointing power had full opportunity of
judging of my fitness to command, and
nothing could be said now that ought to
have any influence on their Judgment.
The record was made up and cou'd not
now be amended. I confess that; I nad a
hope that my services would be accepted
by the Government; as General Grant
had paid me a tribute in his Memoirs, and
President Hayes, who served in the same
regiment with President McKinley, had
given me a commission to represent the
United States in a foreign country. I
hope that you and Governor Perkins will
understand this letter as a simple ex
planation due to myself, and not as a
complaint of any one."
In response to Colonel Mosby's letter
of explanation, Senator White wrote:
WASHINGTON, D. C. July 2. IS9S.
Colonel John S. Mosby. Attorney, San Fran
cisco. Col.— Dear Colonel: Yours of the 25th
ult. received. Senator Perkins and I Indorsed
you to the President and urged your appoint
ment, but I took the liberty of stating to the
Rev, S. F. Chapman that I thought It absurd
to request anybody to Indorse you. Your rec
ord must be known to every intelligent Amer
ican, and to assume that anything could be
told the President regarding . your military
qualifications would be to Insinuate a luck .if
ordirary mentality on his part. Nevertheless
It seemed to some of our delegation ' that we
ought to show ■we were In favor of your inspira
tions, and the matter was therefore placed be
fore Mr. McKinley with our emphatic indorse
ment. Yours truly, STEPHEN M. WHITE
----=-. • ■-..-■ •- ■ . ." — •
A GREAT RECEPTION.
The New York Association Is
Preparing for the Gotham
Regiment.
The New York Association of San
Francisco is determined to give the New
York regiment a royal reception when
they arrive In this city. Last night the
second meeting was held at the Occi
dental Hotel and committees were ap
pointed to prepare for the reception.
A committee consisting of General V-
H. L. Barnes and Colonel H. P. Bush
was appointed to look Into the matter of
badges. The New York Association of
Santa Clara wish to participate in the
welcome to the regiment and they wIU
be invited by the home, organization.
\V. H. Mahoney, Dawson Mayer and
John O'lCeefe wore appointed a commit
tee of three to wait upon the commandei
of the camp and to ascertain the location
assigned to the New York regiment, witn
the purpose of having it put in proper
condition for the soldiers upon their ar
rival. A committee of live was appointed
to go up the road to welcome the regi
ment. General Barnes and Colonel Bush
are two of the members of this commit
tee. The others will be appointed to
day.
It is the intention of the entire associa
tion to receive the New York regiment at
the wharf. A dinner will be served, very
probably at the Mechanics" Pavilion,
whl» h la the desired dining hall and ren
dezvous.
George T. Gaden, A. J. Delamar, H. J.
Ansott, F. I. Turner and John O'Keefe
were added to the committee of arrange
ments. A committee of three were ap
pointed to wait upon the directors of the
Mechanics' Institute for the purpose of
obtaining the Pavilion for the dinner.
The committee comprises F. P. Waller,
W. H. Mahoney and W. J. Harrington.
The association is desirous of notifying
New Yorkers who cannot attend the
meetings .; and who wish to subscribe, to
send their subscriptions to any member
of the financial : committee, which is as
follows: Max Popper, W. R. Smedberg,
C. Mason ■ Kinne, James Denman, T. A.
Baldwin and James McCarthy, 426 Market
street. ' , :
The meeting adjourned until next Mon
day evening at 8 o'clock at the Occidental
Hotel. . •
. ■ ■■■ /,■■.-» _ ♦
LITTLE'S ARMY CAREER.
The Lieutenant Colonel of the
Twentieth Kansas May Not
Go to the Front.
K. C. Little, erstwhile acting colonel of
the Twentieth Kansas Volunteers, lat
terly lieutenant colonel of that organiza
tion, denies that his resignation Is in the
hands of the War Department.
In view of certain facts just come to
light out of the depths of Major General
Otis' headquarters, it does not seem to
make any difference whether Lieutenant
Colonel Little has tendered his resigna
tion or not. The probabilities are that he
will bo saved that trouble.
During the three •weeks that Little had
command of the Kansas troops he dis
played the grossest mismanagement. He
had never had an hour's military experi
ence, did not know the "tactics" by night
and in fact, to the embarrassment of the
dozen' g-ood soldiers among his subordi
nate officers, it became painfully evident
that I,ittle coundn't drill a line of fours.
Through his many discourtesies he
gained the hearty dislike and ill-will of
the numerous regular army officers who
called, for one reason or another, at his
camp.
The incompetency of the bumptious col
onel soon was known at brigade and di
vision headquarters, and ever since the
matter of his discharge has been bandied
back and forth between the two depart
ments.
It is decided that he shall be retired,
but whether for incompetency or for the
that more charitaoie reason," "physically
disqualified," is not yet settled upon.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Signal Corps Recruits From
Kansas — A Wedding in
Camp Merritt.
Surgeons W. W. Roblee and Ira Ladd
of the Seventh California have been de
tailed on temporary duty at the Field
Hospital In place of Dr. Henry Page, who
is confined by illness at the French Hos
pital. All alarming symptoms in Dr.
Page's case have disappeared and It Is
expected that he will soon report for duty.
Fifteen recruits for the signal corps will
arrive to-day from Kansas under com
mand of Lieutenant Tilley.
William Spain, cornist of the First
South Dakota band, was presented with
a handsome cornet yesterday. It was a
gift from the people of his "town, Alces
ter, S. D.
Captain Medbury, Company M, of the
same regiment, was also assured of the
sincerity of his friends, and in much the
same manner. The men of his company
pooled finances and presented him with a
sword of exquisite workmanship and ex
cellent eteel. Colonel Frost and Chaplain
David made appropriate speeches.
Andrew Crag, Company X, Seventh
California, and Miss Annie Hollanby of
Los Angeles were married on Thursday
at Camp Merritt. Chaplain Clark read
the wedding service. Captain Sloate stood
best man, and chief surgeon, Major
Choate, gave away the bride.
An Evident Mistake.
Brigadier General Otis takes exception
to the report of the Building Trades
Council, which was published in this pa
per yesterday. The report contained this
paragraph:
During the Investigation of the army Brig
adier General Harrison Gray Otis, of effete
consistency, again sharpened his fangs, rattled
his accouterments and made another venom
ous strike at labor, when he declared that tut-
ther Investigation was unnecessary and only
resulted In unpleasant newspaper notoriety.
General Otis states that the above is
an evident mistake. Inasmuch as he has
had nothing to do, either officially or un
officially, with any contracts for the
manufacture of soldiers' uniforms, or
with the pending investigation. The, mat
ter has not come before him at all in any
form, arW he has not declared "that fur
ther investigation was unnecessary" or
made any official utterance of any kind
upon the subject. He has, however, fre
quently declared personally that army
supplies of all kinds should be of the
best, as the Government is amply able to
equip and supply its soldiers in the best
manner, and to have either the Govern
ment or its soldiers imposed upon by dis
honest contractors is nothing less than
an outrage.
Christian Endeavor Concert.
An enjoyable concert under the auspicea
of the Christian Endeavor societies was
given at Camp Merritt on Thursday even
ing. Messrs. Pellicano sent a generous
donation of roses and maidenhair fern.
The programme included selections by
Mrs. J. H. Norris, Mr. France of the
Eighth Regiment, Mrs. A. M. Grant, Miss
Elaine Duhem, Mrs. Robinson, George
West, J. Saddler, Master Raymond Walsh,
Miss Cordelia A. Tannahill, Miss Adele
Legon and Mrs. B. F. Stacey. Appro
priate remarks were made by Rev. Mr.
Woods. The features of the programme
were the singing of the qjjartet of "Re
membering the Maine," the words of
which were written by Major W. N.
Meserve, pastor of the Free Baptist
church; vocal solo, "Lost on Our Battle
ship, the Maine," sung by Mrs. A. M.
Grant, the selection having been written
and composed by Miss Cordelia A. Tanna
hill expressly for Mrs. Grant; and the
singing of the "Star Spangled Banner."
The committee in charge consisted of
Mrs. E. Howe, Mrs. B. F. Stacey, Mrs.
J. H. Norris and Miss C. A. Tannahill.
MORTON'S NOMINATION
IS NOT CONFIRMED
WASHINGTON, July B.— The Senate,
during its executive session to-day, con
firmed all the nominations sent in by
President McKlnley, together with a long
list of nominations previously submitted.
The time to-day was taken up almost
whoily with appointments to which there
was no objection, and on this account a
number of nominations went over. South
ern Senators renewed their objections to
seme of the Northern men nominated for
commissions In Southern regiments, and
a X"'->(' many of these appointments were
held up. The nominations which failed
of confirmation Include the following:
' J. S. Wise Jr., Colorado, to be first lieuten
ant. Fourth Volunteer Infantry.
L. Steiner, postmaster at Austin. Nev.
Edward R. Meek of Texas, district judge for
the Northern District of Texas.
Consuls— F. A. Winsloxv of Indiana, at Liege,
Belgium; M. J. Carter of Pennsylvania, at St.
Johns, N. F.
Collector of Customs— Frank E. Lee, Galves
ton, Tex.
Indian Agents— Fred B. Sprlggs of rtlca, N.
V., at the Nevada agency, Nevada; Charles L>.
Keyes of Wichita Falls, Tex., for the Apache
agency, Arizona; C. S. McNlehols of Momence,
111., Colorado River agency, Arizona.
Receivers of Public Moneys— Fred E. McKln
ley of Albuquerque, N. M.. at Guthrle, O. T. :
Sargent S. Morton, at San Francisco; David
L. Grier of Pomeroy, 0., at Roswell, N. M.
Register of Land Office— H. Dorsey Patter of
Chicago, at Tucson, Ariz.
Niearaguan Canal Commissioner — Colonel
Peter C. Halnea, Corps of Engineers, to be a
member of the Nlcaragruan Canal Commission.
New Gold Fleet for the Klondike.
SEATTLE. July B.— A new gold fleet,
consisting of six small river steamers,
has been built at Lake Bennett and is
now in operation on the river and lakes.
Three of the boats ha,ve already shot the
White Horse Ra.pids and Miles Canyon In
AD V3BTISEMENTS.
OOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOO 00000000000000000
© / "-^v -^ - ■ ■ ' f^ r ;&M
0 Tn-/iairc babies> chairs - °
O tU"UCiy babies', chairs— O
O V . ladies' parlor— ©
© j^ a .Llr. j « grand concert 2to — ©
s attractions : 5St P^ |
q '^■. packages delivered free— Q
q Cl a* store closes at 6. ©
o Ci-t o
o o
O- i O
o O
|. grand afternoon concert. |
© Boston Elite Orchestra. ©
o o
O LEO BRUCK, Director. O
O to \l r> : ©
q (Sohmcr Grand Upright Piano used.) O
g Program : g
O PART I. ;". PART IL ~~" - O
q 1. March, "The Anniversary" Rosey 7. Characterlstlque, "La Tourturelle" O
Q 2. Waltz, "To Thee" Waldteuffel _ _•••• Eilenbergf «
1 Overture "Festival" I^ntnpr (The Doves), for flute and clarionet. ! 5?
q3. Overture, testl\al L«utner Messrs. Klein and Bridges " O
4. Gavotte, "Maria Theresa" Krai 8. (a) Sons:, "The Sweetest Story Ever -»
°6. Selection, "The Tyrolean"........ Zeller ' ... T° ld " • • stul « C
06. (a) Romance. "rEcia.r" .Halevy <b) VXXr ©
Q (Call Me Thine Own.) 9. Selection. "The Serenade" Herbert O
n (b) Scene de Ballet, "Scarfdance" 10. : 'Waltz, '■Morninc Journals".. ....Strauss *v
O Chaminade v - Caprice, "Why Not?" (new).Oruenwald U:
O ■■■_,: . *i' " ■■ " ■•• / mlnade 12. March, "The Spirit of Liberty" Q
W (First time In San Francisco for or- (new) 'Rosey
O chestra.) ■% " : ;;'.. i : "THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER." O
i little from a 8
S odds left big |
o and over season's 2
° A 1 ©
« ends sales. o
o °
o- clean-up. last day £
°in white of 50c * o
° enamelware ( At s .eNo.4) gloves (aisi c no. » o
O (Steel-enameled for hard wear.) jAtfP' m ' ?e? e sale °[ kid S loves at sOc ©
** ' pair closes. Come early. O
© 5-quart teapot was $I—is1 — is .... 63c . O
O 4-quart teapot was 85c— is.... new arrival " O
O 5-quart coffee-pot was $I—is.1 — is. .63c \sl gloves (Aisle No. «'•< O
© 4-quart coffeepot was 85c — is. 53C i 2-clasp overseam kid gloves, embroi- ©
% 3:qft straight saucepot. . . . . .260 '%«*% S?££-23S5£ ££. I I
© 5-quart straight saucepot . 32C slate > S re en, blue, red, white, pearl and O
q 8-quart straight saucepot 41c b a ck" ©
© 10-quart....44c 12-quart. . . .47c Clean=UO 2
O Berlin kettles — riDDOnS (Aisle No. 2) ' O
O4 5 8 '10 12 quart ' Something like a thousand ©
Qnn no ._ ■ '__ _. H.■ i. yards of man different heavy O
J: 30C 36C 48C 55C 64C each quality, pure silk, moire and O
** plain taffeta ribbons, 1% inches 4{l I Q
© -":" m I wide, in 15 desirable colors. I /iOnO n
© Vacation (There's some 4 inches wide at |£2u )■
O '**^"»'» v '" 15c yard). '. _ Yard °
© gOOdS (Basement) ,
o " ■■-: ?■■■■ ■ v> •'■>'.-' ' ciean = UD
q Mexican' grass hammock and ! ... " O
O spreader,l3 feet, braided edge. 60c i Ve " ln^ (Aisle No. 2) ©
O ' Rarrel toD trunks 9.9 00 ' About 10 yards double width ©
O barrel-top trunks. .$2.00 , vei , in^ 27 inches wide, dotted II ',O
Q Flat-top trunks. .......... $2.50 i fishnet, Tuxedo nets. When we |/| Q O
" trSMJL „ . . i say some used to sell for 5Cc a J l fU O
O (Others equally low). . j yard you'll realize the snap at... Yard w O
q Come in to-day, walk through our bazaar (it's interesting) — stroll ©
O through the millinery department — see how we're growing-— °
O hear the concert— sit in the. ladies' parlor— be comfortable ! 5?
% 937-939 4i-943=<>45=947 Market Street. %
© " Frisco's busiest store, because the goods we advertise are the goods we sell " ©
O . . O
00000000000000000000000000000000000
safety and went spinning down the river
to Dawson. They expect to transport
outcoming miners from Dawson to salt
water in six days and to bring their gold
in safety and at little expense.
AMERICAN TROOPS TO
GARRISON HONOLULU
Cabinet Decides to Dispatch a Regi-
ment to the Hawaiian
Islands.
WASHINGTON July B.— As a result
of the Cabinet meeting to-day it was
decided to dispatch a regiment of
troops to Honolulu immediately, and
the commandant of the Presidio, San
Francisco, has been communicated
with to learn what forces are avail
able. .
The Hawaiian Commissioners who
are to constitute the government of
those islands will not be appointed un
til after the adjournment of Congress.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
"WASHINGTON, July B.— Pacific Coast
pensions have been isued as follows:
California: Original— Simon Donohue.
Veterans' Home, $8. Original widows—Mi
nor of Charles H. Mosher, Stockton, $10.
Original-Mary E. Fisher, Stockton $8.
Mexican war survivors, increase— \\ llham
McPridgeon, Angels Camp, $t> to $12. Mex
ican war survivors— Reissue and increase
—Samuel Mitchell, Modesto, $8 to $12.
Oregon— Original: Jeffrey A. Wisner.
Portland. $6. Original-Jesse Carev Port
Orford $8. Additional— Thomas W llson,
Eckleyi $6 to $8.
Washington— Original: Charles W.
Haines, Deep Creek, $6.
Mexican war survivor— lncrease: Al
phonso Doollttle. Wayside, $8 to $12.
Tulare County Republican Ticket.
VIS ALIA, July 8. — The Republican
County Convention to-day nominated the
following ticket: For Superior Judge, W.
A. Gray; County Clerk. John Cutler Jr.:
District Attorney, J. A. Allen; Sheriff,
G T. Nighbcrt; Recorder, John O.
Thomas, Tax Collector, A. U. Erwln;
Assessor, John A. Manter; Treasurer, J.
E Denny; Auditor, E. M. Jefferds; Sur
veyor Elmer Slbley; Superintendent of
Public Schools, J. F. Dean; Coroner and
Public Administrator. T. C. Carruthers.
A. J. Plllsbury of Tulare was indorsed
for Congressman.
Two New California Postoffices.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July B.—Post
offices were established to-day at St.
Louis. Sierra County, and Workman, Los
Angeles County, and Rose Con
lan and Wright F. Green appointed post
masters.
Two Tennessee Sergeants Discharged.
WASHINGTON, July B.— By direction of
the Secretary of War Sergeant Sam D.
McAllister and Sergeant Warfleld, of the
Tennessee Infantry, now at San Francis
co, will be discharged from the army.
Economy in a State Institution.
STOCKTON, July B.— Superintendent
Clark of the insane asylum, reports the
lowest per diem cost of maintenance yet
reached by a State institution. In June
the 1557 inmates of the asylum were cared
for for 32.7 cents per patient per day.
Coming Home From Washington.
WASHINGTON. July 8.-Californla'6
Senators and Representatives in Congress
are getting ready to leave for home. Rep
resentative Loud will remain here for a
month or more in discharge of his duties
as a member of the Postofflce Commis
sion. Judge Maguire will aJso remain hera
for some time.
NO EVIDENCE THAT
SENATORS WERE BRIBED
Report as to the Payment of the
Methodist Book Concern's
Claim.
WASHINGTON, July B.— The Senate
Committee on Claims to-day made its re
port upon the investigation made by the
committee into the payment of the claim
of the Methodist Book Concern and the
payment to Major E. B. Stahlman of $100 -
800 as agent in getting the claim through
The report finds that the committee was
deceived by the representations of Mr.
Stahlman and Messrs. Barber and Smith,
the book agents, but absolved the Metho
dist Church South as such from blame in
the matter. It is also found that no Sen
ator or member of Congress received any
money in connection with the claim. The
testimony taken was also made public
MONSTER MEETINGS
OF ENDEAVORERS
Canadian National Rally One of the
Day's Features at Nash
ville.
NASHVILLE, July B.— Many enthusi
astic meetings marked the second day pf
the Christian Endeavor convention, and
all were well attended. Bi ginning with
morning praise meetings followed
by the numerous denominational confer
ences in the different churches, the morn
ins was busily spent. In the afternoon
two great services were held at Hall Wll
liston and the Aumtorium, Centennial
Park. To-night equally as well attended
meetings were held in the same halls,
and strong and eloquent addresses were
delivered.
One of the notable features of the day
was the Canadian national rally, held by
the delegates from the Dominion in Grace
Church. After stirring speeches, resolu
tions were adopted, which advocated
closer relations of all kinds between
Anglo-Saxon nations.
The reports of William Shaw, the treas
urer, made to the Board of Trustees, wore
given out to-day. As agent of the pub
lishing department, he reported: Total re
ceipts, $68,582.13, balance June 1, IX*;, <fC,
455.!>0; total expenditures, $72.H27.2i>. As
treasurer United Society Chr'srian En
deavor: Receipts from all sources, $13,
803 30; expenditures, $13,744 87.
At the Auditorium meeting to-night.
Commander Booth-Tucker was among the
speakers, his subject being Christian
Heroism.
In Hall Wllliston to-night. President
Clark presented the badge banners, which
were won by Pennsylvania, South Africa
and India, the latter country winning the
banner for proportionate increase m the
number of societies, which was won by
Spain last year.
Alice Bix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
56
SATURDAY JULY 9, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propriety
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F«
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOM .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE KAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
.served by carriers In tfjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montfe
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington id. cj office Ri£**> Houm
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldlaft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'ctooß. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open untl. 9 o'clock. '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty -second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMhNTi
Columbia— "Fort Frayne "
California— "Undo Tom's Cabin."
Alcazar— "Frederick tha Great
Morosco'a— "Held by the Enemy."
Tivoll— "The Mikado."
Orpheum -Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Mai
French Celebration— At the Chutes. Thursday, July H.
Olympia— Corner Maeon and Eddy streets, specialties.
Sutros Baths— Swimming. ~
El Campo— Music, danolng'.boatlngr, fishing, every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
Faseball— Sixteenth and Folsom street*, Sunday afternoon.
Recreation Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
Coursing— lngleaide Coursing Park.
ThJE DEWEY MONUMENT.
BY far the best suggestion yet made in regard to
the proposed monument to Admiral Dewey is
that of Charles Goodall, published in The Call
yesterday. This suggestion proposes that the monu
ment be erected on the summit of Telegraph Hill. It
therefore implies a double improvement for the city.
First an addition to our heroic monuments, and sec
ond a dedication of Telegraph Hill to a fitting and
noble use.
The pioneers .of San Francisco early recognized the
commanding and picturesque beauty of Telegraph
Hill and its adaptability to public use as the site of
a park and recreation ground. By the liberality and
far-sighted civic patriotism of a number of public
spirited men the lots on the summit of the hill were
given to the city for such purposes, and a good deal
of money was expended in building a wall and making
other improvements to fit the location for the purpose
intended. The property is still owned by the muni
cipality, but of late it has been neglected, and at
the present time even the superb view to be had from
the lofty site rarely tempts any considerable number
of citizens to ascend to the spot.
Despite the public indifference, however, Telegraph
Hill, by reason of its location and natural dignity,
remains the most conspicuous feature of the city. It
is not the loftiest of our hills, but standing as it
does separate from the others, rising abruptly from
the very waters of the bay, and commanding an out
look over city and bay and Golden Gate, it is the
most distinct and impressive eminence on the penin
sula. Moreover, as a picturesque site within the limits
of an incorporated city it has not its equal in the
United States and no superior in the world.
Colton Hill, in Edinburgh, an eminence of a some
what similar character, has been taken advantage of
by the artistic Scots to add to the romantic beauty of
their capital. On the summit of Colton Scottish pa
triotism at one time designed to erect a temple of
fame to equal in magnitude and grandeur the Par
thenon at Athens. The aim has never been com
pletely carried out, but massive walls and superb
monolithic columns crown the summit of the hill and
give it an added dignity. From that height floats the
banner of the empire, there every evening the people
gather to look with delight over the wide expanse of
ocean and hills that girdle Edinburgh round, and
there at sunset the pipers of the regiment in garrison
march round and round the hiil and salute the flag
and the descending sun with strains of military music.
Telegraph Hill is by nature a nobler eminence than
Colton. It commands a broader and more pictur
esque view. It is a part of a richer and more pop
ulous city. It is to be the striking feature of the great
boulevard system designed to skirt the north shore
and provide San Francisco with the most superb
driveway in the world. As such the hill should be
preserved from further destruction by quarrying and
grading. It should be suitably adorned as the chiefest
ornament of the downtown portion of the city, and
it would be most appropriate to use it as a site for
heroic monuments. By his victory at Manila Dewey
saved San Francisco from all danger of Spanish at
tack, and it would be most appropriate that his mon
ument should stand on the natural watch height of
the city, whence the spirit of the hero would
ever seem to guard our commerce and defy our foes.
Blanco has again been cut off from cable communi
cation. He has had this experience often, the puzzle
being that he does not seem to know it and goes right
on communicating.
Tripping through the Suez canal at $160,000 a trip
would seem a little expensive as amusement for the
Spanish fleet. It would be cheaper to go ashore and
get up a bullfight.
People who wonder why the war came to a pause
have forgotten that Truthful Jeems Creelman is laid
up with a bullet through his bump of assurance. How
could it go on?
The best wish for the expert French gunners on
board the fleet of Camara is that they wear shirts
proof against thirteen-inch shells and know how to
swim-
The new ferry depot will soon be ready for use, and
the steal connected with its construction not visible
to the naked eye of a Grand Juryman.
If Aguinaldo take Manila the process of taking U
from him will be as easy as though the Spanish were
in possession, and quite as important.
Of course it has come at last, and really it was over
due. The story of the woman who jilted Cervera is
now in the hands of the printer.
In the matter of fiction Blanco evidently does not
intend that any yellow correspondent shall leave him
altogether in the shade.
Austria shows signs of no longer desiring to be im
pertinent. Evidently Austria reads the papers.
It would appear that the Spanish lack the courage
to surrender.
THE REWARD OF HOBSON.
WHATEVER may be the gratification of Hob
son over the reward the Government has pre
pared for him in the way of promotion and
increased pay, it is probable he will not find it so
pleasing and grateful to his heart as that which was
given him by the army on his release, when the
troops received him not merely with the cheering
ordinarily given to a popular hero, but with hearty
handshakes and words that express a personal friend
ship and comradeship in danger and glory.
We are told by the dispatches that the exchange of
prisoners by which Hobson was released took place
in full view of both the American and Spanish sol
diers who held the front lines at that part of the field.
When Hobson and his little band of companions who
were captured with him arrived at the first line of
the American entrenchments the troops literally fell
upon them. The heroes found every hand extended
to them, and every grasp was given with the grip of
admiration and genuine affection.
The released men found this reception too much
for their self-restraint. Heroes they are, drilled to
discipline, and trained to overcome emotion, but at
this reception from their comrades in arms they gave
way to their profound feelings of gladness and joy.
We are told that the tears rolled down their cheeks,
and that they were completely overcome by the
warmth with which they were greeted. Their re
ward for valor and daring in the service had come
to them in the voices of their fellow soldiers, and
all that the President or the people can do hereafter
will seem cold in comparison to that heartfelt recep
tion and spontaneous manifestation of honor.
It is not strange that this should be so. By no
class of Americans was Hobson's gallant deed more
admired or more truly appreciated than by the men
who, like him, are fighting the battles of the country
against the Spanish foe. No class, therefore, was
better fitted to praise him rightly, or more apt to
regard him and his comrades with genuine love for
their patriotism and valor. Moreover, the praise of
no class of people is so welcome as the praise of
one's peers. The soldier prefers above all applause
the plaudits of his comrades in arms. Hobson,
therefore, has found and enjoyed his best and sweetest
reward. The Government will do much for him,
but the day of his life which he will remember with
most pride and satisfaction is that which brought
to him release from the Spanish prison and the glo
rious reception from the boys at the front.
Cuban soldiers are too proud to do the work re
quired of American volunteers, but their haughti
ness is not so marked as to prevent them from eating
the bread of charity when they can get it. Altogether
the Cuban does not come up to the ideal formed of
him. He is far better as an abstraction than in the
lazy concrete.
While School Directors are threatening to resign
the public awaits hopefully a demonstration that the
threat is not a bluff. The Directors have not done
much for the community, but considerable to it, and a
lot of resignations would be evidence of desire to
make amends.
SOME MYSTERIES OF SPAIN.
AS the war progresses the strangeness of the
Spanish character becomes more and more
manifest. Diplomacy as exemplified in Madrid
seems madness, taking at times a form almost gro
tesque. From the beginning there has not been a
single move indicating intelligent direction. Every
act of the Ministry, leading inevitably to disaster, but
paves the way for an act more unreasonable. The
Spanish mind does not appear to grasp the situation
or to realize that each new embarrassment arises
as the definite result of a definite cau c ,e. Perhaps
Madrid expects a miracle to intervene. Such an ex
pectation would be no more out of consonance with
sanity than has been the course of the Ministry.
Neither does there stand out plainly a logical ex
cuse for the elaborate system of lying which was early
inaugurated and is adhered to faithfully. If the people
of Spain are to be long deceived by falsehoods so pal
pable they have sunk to a degree of ignorance even
more abject than had been supposed, and if the re
action at last shall not be more frightful because of
the false hopes raised and the phantom victories an
nounced, they are intellectually dense as the beasts of
the field.
When the ships of Cervera started on their last
dash they were manned by drunken sailors, and the
courage shown was in part the bogus bravery of in
ebriation. There is beginning to be reason for sus
pecting that over in old Madrid the guiding minds
must be stimulated similarly. Spain demeans itself as
though in that stage of drink-exaltation where there
is neither fear nor the ability to repel or avoid that
which a sober man would recognize as danger.
Among the emotions stirred by the terrible sea dis
aster is one of regret that the ruffians who escaped
by brutality to the women cannot yet be taken back
to the scene and beaten to death with bludgeons as
they try to escape drowning.
The Spanish can afford to encourage the planting
of the Red Cross far toward the front As they use
it as a shelter while planting guns it gives them a
safe and to them congenial method of making war.
THE SPANISH PRIVATEER.
RUMORS that a Spanish privateer is off the
coast of British Columbia awaiting the coming
of treasure ships from the north is probably as
true at least as a Hearst account of beheading as she
is enjoyed by the Cubans. However, there is the
shadow of a chance that the rumor is not wholly
baseless, and it is worth investigation.
It is not to be supposed that the Spanish have
granted letters of marque and relapsed vicariously
into their old trade of piracy. If armed vessel there
is along the northern route it is a private enterprise,
not a privateer enterprise in the common understand
ing of the term. That some set of thieves of the
moral grade of those who on land make a specialty
of looting trains may have equipped a long, low,
rakish craft, contrived a black flag out of mourning
goods and be now flying the sable emblem along the
route of the treasure ships, is within the bounds of
possibility, yet not far enough within to cause imme
diate alarm.
We trust that such fears as may have been aroused
will be speedily allayed. Nobody ever beheld the
Jobberwock, yet who shall presume to say there is
no Jobberwock? Still, the likelihood of its exist
ence is too remote to cause an active sensation of
that creepy feeling. We know that it may exist,
and we know the blood-curdling ship may be skipping
along the main with all sail set, skall and cross
bones at the fore, and the captain biting the blade
of a large knife as he peers out over the deep and the
Alaskan breezes toy with his wealth of fierce whiskers.
Editor Hearst has not yet explained why individu
ally he has out-lied his paid liars.
General Shafter says that Correspondent Hearst
has lied. We are betting that Shafter is right
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
WHAT WILL THEY HAVE?
IT is instructive to bring together the issues offered
by different members and organs of the Bryan
Democracy. One is opposed to the war revenue
bill because it does not provide sufficient taxation
to pay all preparative and current expenses of the war
without issuing bonds. This apostle of the pay as you
go idea proposes to make the fall campaign against
issuing bonds and in favor of present taxation. When
he gets to the convention he will meet the other
apostle who is telling the people how they have been
betrayed by taxing them at all. He speaks of Re
publican stamp taxes, and the Republican increase of
the beer tax for war purposes sets him bleeding brine
at the eyes for the sorrows of the poor, who must
drink a smaller schooner and pay that beer tax in
unquenched thirst. He fiercely demands that all the
taxes should be put on "the rich," and as fiercely
fails to say how stamp and liquor taxes can be paid
only by one sort of people and not by another, un
less we have a law compelling the rich to guzzle beer
and the poor to refrain. The same plan might work
as to all other kinds of war taxes, and so their pay
ment could be put on one class to the relief of the
others, but in no other way.
These two manufacturers of issues will meet a third,
who is opposed to both bonds and taxation for war
purposes. He wants the seigniorage coined. If he
were asked what that is he would be in the same fix
as the British statesman who was infuriating the
House of Commons by a speech against some finan
cial legislation for India. The climax of each period
was: "This will cost the Government not pounds
merely, but lacs of rupees." Finally a member asked
him what a lac of rupees was. He stammered a mo
ment, confessed that he didn't know, and sat down.
But one man with the seigniorage issue wants it
coined, and for the rest of the war expenses he wants
issued irredeemable paper currency that shall be an
unlimited legal tender for all debts, public and pri
vate. So convinced is he that Uncle Sam can hold
himself up by the seat of his financial trousers with
his left hand while he fights with his right, that he de
sires to expel General Wheeler and the few Demo
crats who voted for either taxation or bonds and in
tends to elect a Congress that will impeach the Presi
dent for signing the war revenue bill and court-mar
tial the army and navy for fighting under it.
These three schools of opinion are coming together
to consult over the means and ways of voting a want
of confidence in the President, while he goes on
straight ahead in command of the army and navy
while they march and sail and fight from victory to
victory.
AFTER the advance of the British and French
troops upon Peking had compelled the Em
peror of China to accede to the demands of
the allies and accept peace on terms dictated by them,
the Chinese authorities, we are told, announced the
fact to their subjects in a manifesto declaring that
the "white devils," having been severely punished by
the Son of Heaven, had dispatched a large body of
suppliants, several thousand strong, to the royal resi
dence praying for peace, and that the lord of the
Celestial Empire had graciously consented not only
to pardon them for past offenses, but to permit them
to trade with his people and occupy certain ports
where they might enjoy the blessings of his goodness
and profit by the wisdom of his counsels.
Were it not for this precedent it would be a
harassing problem for the Spanish Government to
continue to give the war news in a way calculated to
satisfy Spanish pride and vainglory. To misrepresent
events at Manila and at Santiago may have been a
comparatively easy task to the liar who has been
trained by years of experience in Spanish politics and
diplomacy, but now that Watson's fleet will soon cap
ture the Canaries and then blockade the ports of
Spain itself it will not be so easy to deny that the
Americans have been victorious and maintain that
the "foreign pigs" have been slaughtered by the
champions of Spain.
When once the sound of our guns has been heard
at Cadiz and Barcelona, and the waving of our ban
ners has been seen streaming from cruisers all along
the coast, the only recourse left to the organs of the
Madrid Government will be an adoption of the
Chinese manifesto. Sagasta will have to announce to
his people that all these warships have come to
European waters as suppliants suing for peace.
How much longer the Spanish Ministry will con
tinue the war, ostensibly to preserve Spanish honor
but in reality to maintain themselves in power and
preserve the monarchy, is a question concerning
which it is almost useless to speculate. Spain has
still one fleet left. It is not strong enough, however,
to oppose any effectual resistance to Watson and will
doubtless be hurried into some port where it will
have the protection of forts and land batteries. There
it will remain until some freak of Spanish strategy,
as unexplainable perhaps as that which ordered Cer
vera out of Santiago, shall order Camara to put to
sea and deliver his men and his ships over to the in
evitable doom.
The chances are, however, that we are soon to have
peace. The Emperor of China had sense enough to
perceive that when suppliants came by thousands
with arms in their hands to ask for peace it was time
to grant it. Sagasta should have at least as much
sense as the unknown Prime Minister of the Celestial
monarch.
BY WAY OF MADRID.
IF any war news of an alarming character is re
ceived in this country the fact that it bears the
legend, "By way of Madrid," is sufficient to rob it
of terror.
According to late information by this devious and
debasing route there has been a revolution of the
Philippine insurgents against the Americans. That
there should have been a manifestation of hostility
by people who consent to be led by the easily
purchased-and-hard-to-keep-bought Aguinaldo would
not have smitten us with surprise. Many Americans
believe that the principal trouble in the islands is to
come from the natives, who have every reason to be
grateful for rescue from the clutch of Spain and ought
to be glad to accept any government offered them,
certain it would be better than they ever knew.
This particular Madrid dispatch betrayed itself un
necessarily by giving as a reason for the hostility the
presence among the American troops of a number of
negroes. There are no negroes among the troops.
Just why a people whose skins vary from lemon color
to a dirty brown should object to negroes, anyhow,
does not seem quite clear.
But there is no violation of confidence in telling
Spain that this country has some colored soldiers,
that they have won a reputation for righting nobly,
and, while their appetites are good, would rather fight
Spaniards than eat. Doubtless the Spanish would
draw the color line even more rigidly if they realized
that many of their dead in the trenches about San
tiago are there as a result of a visitation of negroes
wearing the uniform of Uncle Sam.
Let us look on the bright side of annexation. We
have Dole's whiskers now.
ON TO SPAIN.
\JMj^> su n day - j u ly 10 ' wi ll co ntai n :
/_£Ss?**_ 7) /elf R. ¥ _r_^_C Jcp F'V writes
Imi&wtisibs^ _^W —"_,_«_'# *— * "- r jf vj| _/V ABOt/T »• »
f SUNDAY, JULY 10, WILL CONTAIN:
It ¥ ¥f* JET Df V" whites
AL,MK+E kXIJS. ABOUT...
"How Millions
' •*. Crushed a Man."
I^^S^^iil ." I INSIDE ♦.♦ GO-DEVILS ♦
S& •■•_._"- ♦ BESIEGED HAVANA. ♦■ <s> IN THE KLONDIKE- ♦
imirfffr <s>
*W»-7W"r'i** L •^.r'^^mff/./ * BYB Y Ca " Special Correspondence, <$><«> By a Returned Argonaut. <S>
IfeiriiTiri^Tr^TrrT?^ / [ '& <$>
'pr Ilif' If I"I i '/// / <$><3><fc<S><&><S > <i> < S><$ < >< >< S><s>'s><s><^<S><S><S> <S><S><s>^><s><?><^^><s>4><s><J><s>^>^^<^^>^>
"THE NEW AMERICA."
By HENRY, NORMAN,
■ • • - _ ■• •
HOW I WILL TRY TO REACH THE POLE.
By LIEUTENANT PEARY.
. . . - ; ■ ■ , •. ■ ■ .
' , ■ , ■■ ■■ . >■
DEADLY fIICROBES IN A PINCH OF DUST.
By DR. PILLSBURY.
Pages of Other Special Features. Read Next Sunday's Call.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Judge J. "W. Eeatty of Idaho Is stopping
at the Occidental.
Thomas R. Mlnturn of Mlnturn Is stop
ping at the Palace.
Isaac Bird, a merchant of Merced, Is
stopping at the Grand.
Wilson A. Hill, a banker of Denver, Is
staying at the Baldwin.
Judge John F. Davis of. Jackson, Cal., Is
registered at the Palace.
Frank A. "West, a vitlculturlst of Stock
ton, Is staying at the Palace.
Rea F. Stocktlng and Sam F. Smith
of San Diego are at the Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. Brewster Valentine of San
Jose are stopping at the California.
"Ingratitude Is
sharper than a
serpent's tooth,"
quoted D. Starr
Bachman, the
well-known min
ing man, as he
walked up and
FOUR
BRAVE MEN IN
A BOAT.
down the flagstones of the Palace Hotel
court a few nights ago. "Yet the base
lngrate was treated to a dose of medicine
compared with which the bitterness of
quinine becomes the quintessence of
sugar-cane.
"His name is Hart, and that la enough
to identify him. We were lounging about
the clubhouse at the Blue Lakes Hotel
and discussing the philosophical problems
of life, especially on Its ethical side. The
question of personal bravery arose, and
Hart said that he was strong in the be
lief that if he should meet with an acci
dent on the lake imperiling his life not
one of us (mentioning a few of my friends
who were rusticating with me) would
come to his rescue. Now, I rarely bet, but
something impelled me to offer a wager
of $50 that if he (Hart) should be in a
dangerous position not one of the party
would falter in risking his own life to
save Hart's. I did not think further of
the matter, but the very next day one of
my friends came to me and said he had
overheard the conversation between Hart
and myself the preceding night, and
thanked me for the stand I took.
"That night it was sweltering hot, and
we were out on the lake. Hart was sail
ing with one of the party whom he had
maligned, and I was in a rowboat with
the others whose courage he had called
into question. Suddenly a cry of 'Help!
Save me!' broke out on the stillness of
the night, and we recognized the voice of
Hart. With one accord the four of us in
the boat were in the water in an instant,
swimming toward the fear-stricken sailor.
We reached him some time after he had
found the gunwale of his capsized boat,
and all we got for our pains was a con
catenation of imprecations for being a lot
of fools. You see, Hart lost his bet. He
swears that it was all preconcerted, as we
were in our bathing suits. He Is right.
He was purposely capsized, and a few
small bottles were emptied for various
reasons."
H. B. Kooser, general agent of the Mis
souri Pacific Railway, arrived last night
from St, Louis.
W. J. Andrews, Pacific Coast agent of
the Portland Wagon Company, haa re
turned from tho East.
H. J. Small, superintendent of tho
motive power department of the Southern
Pacific, Is registered at the Grand.
Garrison Turner, manager of the Farm
ers' Hay and Grain Association, Is here
from Modesto, and is staying at the
Grand.
Henry Fortman, president of the Alaska
Packers' Association, and his two daugh
ters left last nijrht for the Yosemite,
where they will remain for six weeks.
BEADING THE NEWS.
Oh, bring: the atlas, mother,
The big one bound In red;
Likewise the magnifying glass
To show the letters spread •
Across the tinted page, mother,
Where criss-cross lines confuse,
For I'm going to read the news, mother;
I'm going to read the news.
And pray do not neglect, mother,
To get a gazetteer
And a Spanish dictionary;
These words are sadly queer,
It's a fearful undertaking
And it's giving me the blues,
But I'm going to read the news, mother;
I'm going to read the news.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MEXICAN DOLLAR— S. W. E., City.
A Mexican silver dollar of 1874 Is worth
just what one desiring to possess the
same is willing- to pay for it. It is not
quoted in the numismatic lists.
THE COLORS— C. J., Eureka, Cal. An
answer as to the arrangements of the
national colors to be used in decoration
was given to another correspondent In
the department of Answers to Corre
spondents July 5, 1898.
BOOKS ON MINING— A. A. H., Hay.
wards, Cal. You can, through any flrst
class book dealer, obtain any book on
mines and mining that you may desire,
also a price list of such. Without know
ing to what extent it is your desire to
devote your spare time to the subject
of mines and mining, it is not an easy
matter to suggest what books you ought
to procure. If, when you are in San
Francisco, you will call at the office of
the secretary of the California Mining
Bureau, in the Pioneer building, you will
there obtain such information as you de
sire.
WOMEN IN CIVIL SERVICE— A Sub
scriber, Sacramento, Cal. Under the civil
service rules. In the matter of examina
tion, there is no discrimination on ac
cuunt of sex, color or political or religious
opinions. A woman make take an exam
ination for any position she is qualified
to fill. The records of the service show
that the number of women applying for
clerical places is greatly in excess of the
calls of the appointing offlcprs. The posi
tions to which the largest number of them
are appointed are teachers and matron*
in the Indian service. A few v.omen are
appointed to technical and professional
places, and as stenographers and type
writers in the departmental service and
as inspectresses in the. customs service.
ON THE ELIGIBLE LTST-R. M. p City.
A man who is on the eligible list in either
the Internal Revenue Department or Cus
tom House takes his chances of receiv
ing an appointment, war or no
war. Section 37 of the classified civil
service rules says: "The period of
eligibility of all registers is one
year from date of entering the
name upon the register, and the name is
entered on the register as soon as prac
ticable after the completion of the mark
ing of the papers. The date of entry is
usually but a few days subsequent to the
date of the notice of eligibility." Ap
pointments are made only as vacancies
occur, and ac it is Impossible to know
at this time if any vacancies will occur
in the next six months, no one can pay
if any appointments will be made in the
department named in this State during
that period, or if any appointments will
be made for Manila.
TOWlKG— Steuart Street, City. This
correspondent seeks information in rela
tion to towing, and asks: "Why is it that
the tug Fearless can tow a 2500-ton ship
at, Bay, nine knots per hour, but if the
engines and machinery were transferred
from the tug to the 2500-ton ship and used
on her that ship would not make more
than five knots an hour?" This question
was submitted to George W. Dickie, man
ager of the Union Iron Works, than whom
there is no better authority, and he has
kindly furnished the following answer:
"The suggestion reminds me of a story
told in connection with a meeting of
scientific engineers when the question
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Two Lessons.
The Klondike episode has taught two valu-
able lessons.
The first is that there is a vast difference
between the qualities of different baking
powders.
The second is the great superiority of the
Royal Baking Powder over others.
These lessons are enforced from practical
experience, and are entirely convincing.
Mr. Ladue, the famous traprter and miner,
for many years agent of the Alaska Commer-
cial Company and present owner of Dawson
City, says that no other powder gave equal
satisfaction in that climate, and the experience
of his customers was such that they always
insisted upon having the Royal.
Mr. McQuesten, who has lived and traded
in Alaska for years, says the Royal is the
only baking powder that will endure the cli-
matic changes of that region. >
The qualities which make the Royal the
only baking powder profitable to use in the
Klondike are quite as indispensable to a powder
that shall work perfectly at home. The short-
comings of other powders are quite as fatal to
their usefulness and healthfulness here as in
Alaska ; they are only made more apparent by
the peculiar conditions under which they are
used at the North. The superior qualities of
the Royal are peculiar to itself and make it
the best for use everywhere.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
1 came up for discussion, 'Why is it that
a steam cylinder wears more at the ends
than in the middle?' After a great many
had expressed their opinion as to why it
was so, a quiet old Scotchman asked an
other question, 'Does a steam cylinder
wear more at the ends than it does at the
middle?' and no one seemed able to an
swer the question. The fact is that the
same power as developed by the engines
of the Fearless in towing a ship, if ap
plied directly in the ship itself, would de
velop a little more speed than she made
when being towed. Take, for instance,
the P. I. Company's steamer San Ma
teo, carrying coal between the sound and
this port, which has a registered tonnage
gross of 2927. The speed of this vessel is
just nine knots, and the power of the en
gines is practically the same as that of
the Fearless. The Fearless could not tow
this vessel as fast as her own engines
propel her. The difference would be just
the resistance of the Fearless added to
the ship she was towing. I There is a kind
of popular belief In regard to the towing
of vessels that is somewhat difficult to ac
count for the origin of, ftut it has no
foundation whatever in fact."
•• — — •
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's.*
■ ♦ ■
Cream mixed candies, 25c Tt>. Townsend's.*
■.■ m ■
Soft baby cream, 15c It). Townsend's. •
■ ♦ ■ '
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia grlace fruits, 60c Ib, in fire etched
boxes. 627 Market St.. Palace building. •
.' ■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"I don't believe in luck myself ," said Mr.
Gozzleby, "but what do you suppose a
horse on a ferryboat thinks when he finds
that the wagon he's crowded up against
in front is loaded with hay?"
* ♦ * -t-.;--'"~
Women avoid Buffering by using Pabkeb's
Gijtqkb Tonic, as It Is adapted to their Ills.
1 akk Xii s 1 1 aik Balsam aids the hair growth.
Dewey la a temperance man and knows what
Dr. Siegrert's Angostura Bitters did to brace
him up at Manila.
A unique feature of nearly all homes
and offices in Manila is the use of tiny
square pane-- of translucent oyster shells
instead of glass. The windows measure
on the average six feet long and four
feet wide, and contain 260 of these oyster
shell panes, which temper tne fierce glare
of the sun in the building. In a country
where many people go blind from the
constant sunshine this a precaution very
necessary to bo taken. 'DISAGREED ON
A POINT OF LAW
Herrin and Hayne Cross
Swords.
HOT RETORTS EXCHANGED
ATTORNEY - GENEBAL STILL
CROSS-EXAMINING CURTIS.
The Railroad Expert Tells of His Ex
tended Tour of Inspec
tion and It*
Results.
Whenever It appears that an attorney
or a spectator is on the verge of falling
p at the railroad hearing before
Commissioner Heacock he Is given a gen
tle dig in r a whispered warn
ing as a reminder that he is setting a
bad exam] le. A restful quiet hovers
abou; ibers In which the cross
. Ination of Expert Curtis is under
way, and >■ ■• n< vet something exciting Is
said either by witness or an attorney to
relieve the monotony of a technical ac
count i £ the exact number of spikes in
a mile of railroad track or the number
its in a given space, all present
Immediately straighten up and are at
attention.
This happened once yesterday, when
Judge Robert Y. Havne and W. F. Her
rln, representing the Kaiiroad Commis
sion and the Southern Pacific Company
respectively, disputed as to a poini o£
law. It came about through Judge Fitz
i asking the witness what bis esti
mate on the original cost of some mate
rial used on the California and Oregon
branch of the Central Pacific system was,
and be answered that he could not say
without consulting memoranda in his of
fice. li«; then drew a typewritten copy
.. paper out of his box to refresh his
ry, when Judge Hayne broke the
stillness of the proceedings by saying:
"1 object to your looking at any paper
prepared by some on>- else."
"What I am stating are statements of
fai'ts." said Curtis.
"There are certain rules of law, and one
is that you cannot look at anything you
nut prepare yourself," interrupted
Hayne. , „ ,
Mr. Herrin came to the witness relief
by saying "that is not a rule of law."
"■That is what we think," retorted
Hayne.
•Yen can't think any Euch thing,' re
plied Herrin.  „
"Well we object to it, said Hayne.
"We will ;-sk the Commissioner to report
It to the Judge. We don't propose that he
Bhould look at a lot of things that some
pi ■ pared."
Mr. Herrin tin n stated that the witness
i:-.<l memoranda prepared by himself or
under his direction. Judge Hayne came
by saying: "I don't propose to ac
e in that if I can help it. Rather
than have that go into the record we
to have the Judge's ruling. It is a
. o on in that way."
■ i the passage of arms and cv
. quietly settled back and listened
breathing of the participants in the
debate.
Mr. Curtis defended himself by saying
: not believe any man could carry in
the matters being discussed In
mination.
Judge Fitzgerald devoted most of the
afternoon examining into the witness'
knowledge of things appertaining to the
rnia and Oregon branch of the Cen
tral Pacific. He questioned Curtis closely
if the road, how money was
about Its rolling stock, and, in
■ irthing he could think of as bear
ing on the subject. The witness answered
of thr> questions asked but evaded
many by saying he would have to refresh
In.-- ri • ire being able to answer.
Tho Attorney General wound up the ses
king the expert to give an ac
he tour of Inspection by which
:s estimate. Curtis then told
• a twenty days' trip using a
m book to aid him. For half ,
an h< ur he accounted for every mile trav
station stopped at and every
examination mail-'.
Whili I • was pouring his tale into the
- • nographer Bennett, the atfor-
I up an animated conversation en
w tax and Hobson's return, moving
room paying no attention to
vitness was saying.
When Curtis told of his stop at Del
aroused curiosity as to how
• wine ho opened. When he ,
■ i nia Itinerary an adjournment was |
until Monday at 2 o'clock.
NEW THROUGH LINE.
Opening cf the Blue Car Electric Koad
To-Day From the jfoot of Market
Street West.
A now direct electric lino from the i
ferries at the foot of Market street to f
the ocean and Cliff House will be inaug
urated to-day by the Market-street Rail- !
way Company. The cars which will do j
service over this new lino will be painted
blue so as to distinguish them on this '
from the ferries at the foot of
Market and East streets, along the lat
ter to Mission, to Fourth, to Ellis, to
Taylor, to Eddy, to Fillmore, to Oak, to
an, to Frederick and H streets and
Forty-ninth avenue to the broad Paeilic i
Ocean, returning over the same route I
with the difference of turning into Page
and Turk streets where the out line
-.• streets.
The time table schedule is as follows:
Th<> first rar out, west, leaves the ferries
at 6 o'clock a. m., and half hourly there
after up to 1 o'clock p. m., when twenty
minute service will be substituted until t»
p. m.. when the half-hour service will b«
resumed until 9 p. m., at which hour tb«
9 the ferry. The first «;ti
from the ocean leaves at 7 a, m. and
10 o'clock p. m. Added Us
the company has put on what it
"a short line service," which is that
en minutes after the half-hour
Btart an intermediate one will run
ah- far as Ninth avonue during the morn
■l evening, but will extend to Four
th • nth avenue during the middle of the
day. On Bunday all cars will run through
on the half-hour schedule.
Transfers will be given at the follow
ing points:
Hal^ht and fitanyan Ftrrrts, via east bound
Hh!kM or EHU ar.d O'Farrell street cars.
Fillmore and l';ise .streets, via south bound
FtUmore-street cars; Pillmore and Turkstreets,
via north bound Killmore-street cars; Powell
find Ellin streets, via north bound Powell
• < ;irs>; Market rind Stockton streets, via
Market street cars; Fourth and
treats, via pouth bound Klllis and
O'Fan can; Third and Mission, via
bonnd Third and Kearny or Kentucky
On inward bound cars at corner of Halght
ami Btanyan streets, from cast bound I'ark and
Ocean line; Masonic avenue and Page street.
frem north and east bound Carl-street cars:
Fillmore and Pap-e streets, from' east bound
Potrero, Park and Ocean line when running;
Fillmore and Turk streets, from north and
south bound Flllrr.ore-street cars; Powell and
Ellis streets, from south bound Pow
ell street cars; Third and Mission
streets, from . north bound Third and
K^arny and Kentucky street cars- Third and
Mission Streets, via south bound Third and
Kearny or Kentucky street cars; Powell- and
KlHs streets, via 1 - north bound Powell-street
cars; Fillmore and Eddy streets, via north
bound Fill more-street cam: Fillmore and Oak
street*, via south bound Fillmore-street cars;
Masonic avenue and Oak street, via south and
•west bound Carl-street cars.
Received a: follows— outward bound cars
at corner of Third and Mission streets, from
north bound Third and Kearny and Kentucky
FU"' -t cars; Market and Stockton streets, from
west bo " nd Market-street cars; Powell and
tills streets, from south bound Powell-street
cars: Fillmorp and Oak streets, from north and
south bound Fillrnore-street cars.
♦ i, °Tj t! i a u? fcra win be given to or from
trie Halght and Ellis streets lines for trie
present, in consequence of certain altera
tions to be made on these lines at their
Junctions with the ocean and ferries line.
The Graphologist.
Abbot Kinn^y, j. jp. Barry and othor
prominent Cnllfornians are dissected by
The Graphologist in Town Talk this week,
their characters bein^ cleverly outlined.
"Our Opinion" is forcible and to the
point, and Phil Garlic given some hits at
local Journalists in his Aftermath. The
Saunterer talks about the Higlnbothams,
Basil Kicketts, the Press Club's coming
election and "Society As She Is Seen" at
the summer resorts. There are two viva
clous storiettes, one of which will set the
world a-guessing as to identities. The
Kolb tin wedding is described, and the
several weddings of the week aro noted.
Miss Lottie Cunningham's lovely features
adorn the title page.
ELECTED TO THE COUNCIL.
Semi-Annual Meeting of the Gentle-
men's Sodality of St. Ignatius
Church.
At a meeting of the members of the
Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius
Church, held Thursday evening in the
Assembly Hall of the sodality, the fol
lowing members were elected to the coun
cil for the coming six months: M. H.
Kelly, J. H. McGeeny, J. S. Campbell.
Stephen Cunningham, David J. Costello
and Mr. English.
It was unanimously decided that the
entire organization should be represented
in the coming parade in honor of laying
the cornerstone of the new Youths' Di
rectory. Sunday afternoon, July 17. The
following committee was appointed to
act In conjunction with Marshal M. Law
rence Walsh in arranging the necessary
preliminaries: John E. Fitzpatrlck, Ed
Reilly, Richard O'Driscoll, Dr. Cunning
hame, James P. Dignan, Dr. J. J. Gal
lagher, Frank Burke. John Colson, P.
Morrisey and Mr. Beardsley.
The regular monthly communion of the
sodality will be held at St. Ignatius
Church to-morrow morning, July 10, at
the 7:30 o'clock mass. The members will
meet at their own chapel on Hayes street
and will march in procession, headed by
their officers, to St. Ignatius Church
proper. _^___________
SHAFTER'S PLANS
ARE CRITICIZED
THEY CAUSE A FIGHT BETWEEN
SHOE FACTORY MEN.
Judge Mogan Gets Them to Shake
Hands and Leave tue General
to Manage the Campaign.
General Shafter's handling of the troops
In front of Santiago provoked a fight be
tween two employes in a shoe factory at
117 Hayes street Tuesday morning, which
was rehearsed for the edification of Judge
Mogan yesterday morning.
George Tooley Is the acknowledged ora
tor among the factory employes, and his
opinions are usually listened to with re
spect. Tuesday morning at the break
fast hour the men were congregated in
front of the factory and Tooley was de
nouncing General Shafter for his manage
ment of the campaign.
"You're a traitor," said Eli Matthews,
"and if you dared to say what you have
just said on the public streets you would
be whipped by patriotic citiztns."
Tooley could not stand being called a
traitor and he lifted Matthews off his feet
by a bl«« on the chin. Matthews fell
against alx>x and his left ear was almost
severed. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where he said he had fallen
on a box, but as soon as his wounded ear
was dressed he swore out a warrant for
Tooley's arrest on a charge of battery.
The" Judge, after hearing both sides,
advised them to shake hands and leave
the campaign to the general. They de
murred at first, but finally shook hands
and the Judge dismissed the case.
RECIPROCITY WITH PERU.
It Is Favored Along uertain Lines by
Local Producers.
A letter was received by the Chamber
! of Commerce on Thursday from Senator
Perkins Inclosing a communication from
I Hon. John A. Kasson relative to recip- j
i rocity with Peru In certain lines of goods i
and products of the United States. This
was referred to President Sbarboro of the j
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa- j
tion who yesterday sent the annexed re
i Ply:
Honorable George C. Perkins. United States
Senate. Washington. D. C— Dear Sir: Yours
with inclosed communication from John A.
Kasson, "Special Commissioner Plenit.. t^n
i tlary." In relation to the reduction of X per
' cent on sugar, wines and brandies from Peru, i
Is received, and has been referred to parties in- |
i tere*ted in those industries in California. The |
opinion of all parties is strongly against grant
i ing any concessions to foreign countries
i &RainFt the interests of the products of Califor
nia without receiving any commensurate bene
fit for our own product.
If the tariff should" be reduced on wines from
Peru to the United States the same should also
j be reduced on wines from the I'nlted States
I to Peru. Had this »»•«♦> done with France we
believe that country would have accepted, as
the wines produced in the T'nited States are a
mere drop in the bucket In comparison with
the wines produced and manufactured in
France still we could then have sent our sur
plus California wine to France, which could
have been blended with their wines advantage
i ously and thus they would have taken our
! overproduction and placed the vlticultural in
dustry of this State, which is now carried on
both by the grape-grower, wlnemaker and wine
| dealer at a heavy loss, on a sound, paying
I understand that come similar treaty 1b be
i Ing negotiated with Germany and Italy. If so,
I It Is to be hoped that the t*rlff on our wlnps
i and brandies will be fo reduced as to make it i
ble to supply those countries also with our
own wines and brandies. As brandy can be
produced In Peru from molasses at a nominal
' cost it would come In competition with our
rure grape brandies of California to the great
i detriment of the '- When v/e add to this
the facility with which Peni oould make so- i
! i,!ii!=ticated wines from its cheap brandies, you
will readily see the danecrous grounds upon
' which we are treading. Thanking you for giv
ing this matter your earnest attention, I re
main respectfully. A. SRARBORO,
President M. and P. Association.
CLAIMS THE COURT ERRED.
Attorney Deuprey Makes a Serious
Charge Against Judge Wallace.
Attorney Eugene Deuprey made a seri
ous charge against Judge Wallace yes
terday when his client, John Craig, ap
peared for sentence on the charge of for
gery.
The attorney made a motion for a new
trial, alleging that the court had erred
in refusing an attachment for the State
Controller on the ground that the officer
was more than thirty miles from San
Francisco. Judge Wallace replied: "I do
not remember having refused an attach
ment on any such grounds and I shall
continue this case for a week and have
the shorthand reporter look over his
i notes to establish the truth of the state
; ment of the attorney."
Mr. Dfuprey then attempted to amend
I his statement, but the Judge declined to
i listen and continued the case until next
i Friday.
Short and Sweet
Seem the hours passed at El Campo
on a Sunday, when the Pavilion is
bright with the whirling draperies of
San Francisco belles as the great or
chestra plays some divine waltz, or
down on the beach, where hundreds of
bathers disport themselves in the warm
waters of that section of the bay.
Everything is light and life and motion
and everybody htxppy. The big steamer
Uklah makfs four round trips during
the day, affording abundant accommo
dations for all.
Special Revenue Tax.
Applications will now be received at the
: Internal Revenue office for special li
1 censes Imposed by the act of June 13 on
bankers, brokers, dealers in and manufac
turers of tobacco and cigars, manufactur
ers of flour and proprietors of places of
amusement. The tax on flour does not
go into effect until August 12.
CAFE RPRECKELS. 15th floor. Call bulldlm?,
has changed hands; now under management of
Mr. Albert Wolff, formerly proprietor of Malson
de TOpera, Oakland. Regular lunch, with
wine, 7f>c; dinner, with winr\ Ji.
« ♦ ■
Libeled for Wages. ' ..
John F. Hall, cook on the schoner Vo
lante, owned by the California- Yukon
Trading Company, filed a libel for $245
for three months' wages in the District
Court yesterday afternoon.
Want general information about Hawaii?
Bend 25c. box 653. Call.
Alice Rix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
FAST TROTTING
AT OAKLAND
Aster Ties Ethel Downs'
Mile— 2:l2 1-2.
ANOTHERCAKEWALKFOR RECT
CLAY S RETRIEVES HIS RECENT
DEFEAT.
John C. Kirkpatrick's Azalea Wins
the Golden Gate Club
Special in Straight
Heats.
Racing at Oakland yesterday was strict
ly high-class and several ol the finishes
were of the eyelash order, to use running
turf parlance. ,
Incidentally Aster, by Dexter Prince,
one of Walter Maben's cracks, tied Ethel
Downs' 2:l2Vs of last week, which was the
trotting* record of the track. Aster weni
a beautiful mile, never offering to leave his
stride, and the quarters were put in quite
I uniformly— :82ft, :33* 4 (.eased away to the
turn into the stretch), :33*i, :32ft, and
while Brooks rallied him a trifle he had
the heat safe in a close finish with Gal
ette. It was the feature of the afternoon
and the talent picked the chestnut at 3 to
5 to win, so the victory was popular.
Mamie Griffin, second choice at 6 to 5,
broke going away and finished last.
Sullivan liked her, as she had a world of
speed, but was unsteady or Aster might
have had to trot below 2:12. Dick Abler
j drove Galette a. mighty heat— she being on
I tiptoes all the way, though very handy.
] Toggles looked to have a chance at the
head of the stretch, but Clark trailed As
ter and never could have won it, being in
a pocket down the stretch. He scored
quite lame.
Pete Williams won the opening even.
with Silver King over- Little Miss in 2:IS,
going to the halt in 1:07%, BO if she stopped
on tiie stretch as she sometimes does t?ne
yet would have enough left to win. Mo
jave made a disastrous break, yet trotted
a great heat after catching. He is a won
derfully speedy horse and can step in
2:13 or thereabouts. Dick Havey had the
mount behind Iran Alto and was fourth.
It is his lirst appearance in the sulky
since breaking his leg last fall.
J. C. Kirkpatrlck'B mare Azalea easily
won the special race in 2:25, 2:24%. Chloe
had the opening call at 4 to 5, but it was
Azalea at 7 to It) thereafter. &fizner han
dled the big mare superbly and just took
enough out of her to land the money.
Cliloe had speed, but was unsteady.
Steve S was driven by Hass and cut
seemingly no figure after the half-mile
pole was reached. Azalea went wide lv
the stretch both heats, then had no trou
ble to beat her field. Mr. Kirkpatrick
was present and enjoyed her victory, it
waa evenly rated, they stepping each
heat almost alike— lirst heat, :303i, 1:12,
1:48, 2:2b; Becnod, :3ti, l:12-> 4 , I:4S, 234%.
Kect, of course, won his race, and trot
ted two neat miles in 2:17 and 2:17^, with
the McKinney mare, Mamie Kiley, sec
ond, alter laying way back to the half.
Favor was the contending factor early
each heat, but died away on the home
stretch like a quarter horse in a two
mile event. The little Direct gelding sim
ply toyed with them, and was at 1 to 2
opening, then 1 to 4 for the second heat.
! He has won all his races here to date
: and looks like a low-teen trotter just at
i present. Mabel McKinney was winner of
| third money, but had Favor stayed the
I route it looks like she would have been
back of the divide.
LLsterine cut a sorry figure, and was off
her stride much of the time.
The Kect party got $3 in the auc
tions against their $."> pieces, which looked
i better by far than book quotations.
Thompson threw the talent badly in the j
2:14 trot, as he was played from t> to 5 to ■
3 to 6 just prior to the start. Clay S, the
leviathan trotter, by Grover Clay, open- j
ing at 2 to 1, was steadily played, and j
landed the money by a city block, eased ;
up, in 2 : 15 V*,. Oalto placed over Mojave. !
Once again the latter showed a world of
speed, and trotted the stretch like a
whirlwind after losing breaks going away.
Donathan had the goggles on himabut he
could not be induced to trot awfiy from j
the word, where his friends know;he can
go. They stepped to the half in 1:06%,
| and had it been necessary Clay* S had
i enough in reserve to have reached 2:13
beyond a doubt. He stands about 17 i
hands, and it would be fair betting Is the :
fastest big horse on the trotting turf to- I
day. Osito's backers played him at 5 to j
7 for the lot in the auctions. In the books
he was, during the early betting, held at
4 to 5. Thompsrn seems a counterfeit,
and is not rigged right to trot a first ■ • ass
race. Bunch straps his head down vith
j the standing martingale, and the son of
Boodle does not appear to fancy that
mode of hangup.
There were few false scores, -uid In al- !
most every instance Starter Cohen se- |
cured perfect alignment. Galette had a !
I decided advantage In her start, but Ablor
I chose to steady her away where a more
daring drive might have secured a lead
around the turn into the pole, which, once
secured, would have carrred Aster outside
her and given her a chance to have won.
Abler, however, preferred to try to drive
her a steady first half, hoping her finish-
Ing proclivities might land the money. It
was a good, honest drive, for she hereto
fore has made losing brenks early each
heat. These rough galted trotters are
hard propositions.
There are entries enough to Insure good
racing this afternoon, with the winner In
doubt till the wire is reached. A match
race is also on the programme between
"Where Is She and Graiid Central, and it
is to be for "blond." Both are showing
well in thoir work mornings and the twit
tering railbirds believe it will result In a
dingdong finish whichever may win. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE.
2:19 class, trotting, one mile dash, purse
J2OO.
Silver King, eh. t* . by Silver Bow. (P. T.
Williams) 1
Little Miss, br. m., hy Sidmore (J. M. Alvisol 2
Mojave. b. g. by Dexter Prince (W. Dona
than) 3
Ivan Alto. Daymont and Melvar also started
and finished in that order.
Time— :34, 1:07 5 4. 1:42%, 2:18.
Betting: Auctions— Field JS, Mojave $10. Books
—Silver Ring 2, Little Miss 4. Mojave 7 to 10,
Iran Alto 5, Daymont S Melvar 4.
SECOND RACE.
Special for members of the Golden Gate Driv
ing Club, one mile heats, two In three, purse
$60.
Azalea, blk m., by Mambrlno Wllkes (D.
Mizner) 11
Chloe. blk m., by Dexter Prince, (G. W.
Berry) 2 2
Steve S, br. g., by Steve Whipple (H.
Haas) 3 3
Timo— First heat, :K%, 1:12, 1:48, 2:25; second
heat, :36, 1:12%, 1:48, 2:24\.
Betting: Books— First heat. Azalea 6 to 5,
Chloe 4 to 6, Steve S even; second heat, 'Aza
lea 7 to 10, Chloe even, Steve S 8 to 5. Auc
tions—Chloe *5, field J4; after first heat, Azalea
$10. fleld $7.
THIRD RACE.
2:30. class, "trotting, one mile heats, two In
three, purse $300. •■■■-.•
Red blk. fir. by Direct (A. Web5ter). ........1 1
Mamie Riley, b. m. by McKlnney (W. O.
Durfee) ..................' . 2 2
Mabel McKinney, b. m. by McKlnney (C. '■-
Thornquest) ..................4 3
Favor, eh. g. by Daly (W. J. C1ark). ...:.. .8 8
Llsterine. b. m. by Athaden (C. K. Clark).. B 4
Pilot McLellan, eh. g. by Pilot Prince (W.
Donathan) :.: — : ...5 5
Time— heat,.:34, 1:07%. 1:42, 2:17; second
heat. Sl*. 1:07%. 1:48%. 2:lT' a .
Betting: . Books— heat, Rect 1 to 2,
Mamie Rlley 2, Favor 8. Mabel McKinney 4,
Pilot Mcl-*llan and Llsterine 6; second heat,
Rect 1 to 4, Mamie Riley 2, Mabel McKlnney 3,
Favor and Ltsterlne 6. Pilot McLellan 8. Auc
tions—Rect $10, field $8; after first heat, Rect
$10, field ?3.
FOT'RTH RACE.
2:12 class, trottlnc. one mile dash, purse $200.
Aster, eh. %. by Dexter Prince (J. W. Brooks) 1
Galette, blk m. by Jud Wilkes <R. Abler) 2
TiKKlfs, br. sr. by Strathway (C. E. Clark)... 3
Mamie Griffin also startrl.
Time-:32^i. I:OGVi. 1:40. 2:12H-
Betting: Auctions— Aster $10. field $8. Books
—Aster 3 to 5. Galette 4, Toggles 2. Mamie
Griffin 6 to 6.
FIFTH RACE.
2:14 class, trotting, one mile dash, purse $200.
Clay S, b. h. by Grover Clay (C. Rodriguez). 1
Ostto, b. h. by MeKlnney (W. O. Dnrfeey.... 2
Mojave, b. g. by Dexter Prince (W. Dona
than) 3
Thompson also started.
■ Time— :33, I:<V.>4, I:4m. 2:1K%.
| Betting: Auctions— Field $7. Oslto $5. Books
—Clay 8 2, Oslto 6 to 5, Mojave 8, Thomp
son 3 to 5.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First race, green class, pacers (without rec
ords), dash, one mile, purse $200 — R. P. Gree
ley's Winnie Wilkes, James Sullivan's Captain
Hackett, E. A. Falvey's Resort, George Johns'
l'atsv D, J. O'Kane's Peanuts, A. H. Cohen's
Blarkstone, E. C. Gabriel's Mark H, George
Gray's William Harold, James , Thompson's
Primrose, Thomas Smith's Gaff Topsail, C. C.
Crippen's Roderick, George E. Shaw's Lindo,
J. M. Nelson's I Direct.
Second race, 2:14 class, pacing, dash, one
mile, purse $200— James Sullivan's Fltz Lee, E.
Stewart's Plunkett. P. H. Qulnn's Arthur W,
James Thompson's Little Thorn, P. L. Nash's
Colonel Bentun.
Match race— Where Is She vs. Central Girl.
Third race, free-for-all, trotting, dash, one
mile, purse $200— George T. Becker's Zombro.
P. J. Williams' Monterey, Vendome Stock
Farm's Ethel Downs, C. E. Clark's Toggles,
Charles L. Griffith's Azote, C. A. Winship's
Aster.
Fourth race, 2:18 class, pacing, heats, two
In three, purse $300 — D. E. Knight's Cora S, E.
Ptrwart's Butcher Boy, E. Schmidt's Fitz-
Aymon, A. B. Altken's Besg H, Mrs. E. W.
■"allendlne's Dlawood, George Gray's William
Harold, Walter Masten's Dictatus, J. B. Iver
son's Dletatress, S. H. Hoy's Monroe S, John
Baker's Beachwood, W. S. Maben's William
Baker, A. H. Cohen's Much Better.
Fifth race, special pace, one mile, dash — E.
Stewart's Plunkett. J. W. Nelson's Hljo del
Diablo, W. S. Maben's William Baker, James
O'Kane's Peanuts.
WILL CELEBRATE IN
ROYAL FASHION
FALL OF THE BASTILE TO BE
COMMEMORATED.
Red Cross Society Receives a Gener
ous Donation of Coffee From
Distant Hawaii.
The celebration of the Fall of the Bas
tlle, the great day in the history of the
French struggle for liberty, is to be hon
ored this year by the local French soci
ety in royal fashion. A splendid pro
gramme of musical and literary exercises
will be rendered on next Thursday after
noon at the Chutes, and in the evening
a pyrotechnic display and a ball will con
clude the celebration. As the proceeds of
the day's pleasure are to be turned over
to the Red Cross Society, leading musi
cians throughout the coast have volun
teered.
It Is expected the day will be one long
remembered by the French residents.
The committee in charge has, during the
past few months, devoted all Its time in
preparation for the eventful day. All the
workers In the cause of the Red Cross
will attend, feeling it their duty to make
a partial return for the noble work per
formed by the French Hospital in caring
for the sick volunters.
M. Laurence de Lalande, the local
French Consul, will deliver an address in
French on the occasion and Judge Troutt
will address the gathering in English.
The lowa Regimental band will be in at
tendance and will discourse music during
the afternoon and evening.
From distant Hawaii comes the cheer
ful news that 770 pounds of coffee has
been shipped to the Red Cross Society,
which proves that the grand work per
formed by that organization Is recognized
by the people residing in the lately ac
quired territory.
Yesterday Mrs. W. B. Harrington, pres
ident of the State society, received the
following communication:
MAUNA COFFEE PLANTATION,
P. Peck. Manager.
OLAA, Hawaii. June 23, 189 S.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, I'resident Red Cross
Society, San Francisco, Cal., U. S. A.— Dear
Madam: Herewith please find bill of lading for
seven bags containing 770 pounds of green cof
fee grown in the District of Olaa, Island of
Hawaii, and shipped per bark Annie Johnson,
to call on or about the 25th inst. In order to
save expense of consular certificate and other
charges this has been shipped to Messrs.
Mlchalitschke Isrothers & Co., 239 Kearny
street, who will deliver it to you free of all
expense.
As I read of the noble work being done by
your society I conceived the idea that our cof
fee planters would be happy to give their mite
for the cause, and I miut confess that I was
surprised at the readiness with which nearly
all responded, irrespective of nationality, in
cluding natlvt- Hawaiian.
Permit me t" explain that this was virtually
the first coffee picked in this district, and from
young trees, consequently we have had but a
Fnmll crop, most of which has been sold or
■hipped; tiniF sonic gave from what they had
retained for their own use, while others bought
or burrowed from neighbors who had yet some
coffee on hand.
Facilities for drying, etc., are yet very
primitive, and for purposes o f hulling and
cleaning the coffee snipped to you it had to be
hauled to Hilo, which, us well as the cleaning,
kjs lone gratuitously.
I also send by Captain Matson of the Annia
Johnson a little coffee in the parchment, so
the ladies of your society may see how coffee
looks before being cleaned.
Ootf bless the Red Cross Society. Respect
fully, P. PECK.
Af yet the State Society has not agreed on a
financial agent at Manila owing to a press of
other business. Numerous applications have been
made for the position, but the matter is still
In abeyance. For the present one of Hong
kong's leading bankers will handle the funds of
the society until other arrangements are made.
]>r. Fenn J. Hart, Leon A. Cranford and
Oswald H. J. Schlott will leave on the next
} ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ' !
: Patriotism :
>-;. Every pound of good tea you buy, X
t; you contribute 10 cents for Uncle >
4. Sam's Boys in Blue. *
+ Uncle Sam called for more money '%
X on June 13th ; but if you buy tea of us I +
f you needn't pay it until July 15th. We ;-j
t will pay Uncle Sam's war tax until ;+
I July 15th. - +
X np IIS i# Good Health to the |
+ U II I II 11 Boys in Blue I
+. WITH . "^
: American's Best Tea. -I
>. Quality Prices _y
•f Best Obtainable* Lowest in America. |T
I Great American Importing Tea Co. !
♦ , SPEAKING FOR THEIR {. +
> 108 Money Saving Stores. X
♦ -f
-f CITY STORES. .+
t; 1011 Market St. 2008 Fillmore St. 146 Ninth St. . -♦-
+ 140 Sixth St. '• 3006 Sixteenth St. . 506 Kearny St. *♦•
> 1419 Polk St. 2510 Mission St. .- 3285 Mission St. , ,*
"♦■ ; 355 Hayes St. 1819 Devisadero St 521 Montgomery At. . 4
X ; 218 Third St •, 52 Market St. 705 Larkin St. .-*{
♦ . . 1190 Kentucky St. ♦
+ ■*
+ OAKLAND STORES. "f
♦ 1052 Washington St., Oakland. 1510 Seventh St., W. Oaklani : t;
X 917 Broadway, Oakland. 616 E. -Twelfth' St., Oakland. ? +
+ 131 San Pablo Aye., Oakland. 1355 Park St., Alameda. • ♦
: A Good Time - ■' :
: to Buy Tea. :
> 4-> +-f-f+ + + + -f ;+■> 4- +.+:.-f:«f-f:+ +>> +++ + + 4-4-f-f -f-f 4-4>
expedition ~i as > ; representatives of the : society.
Dr." : Hart has had : fifteen years 1 1 service |In Ari
zona and speaks Spanish fluently. He 'was in
the State Department when Geronimo was on
the warpath ; and . saw active service. Mr.
Schlott has been five years in the navy and
had two years' service with the German chem
ical research party :. in the Orient. He Is i a
pharmacist and ■ chemist and a trained • nurse.
He will act as hospital steward on the voyage,
but on his arrival in Manila he and Dr. Hart
will set about ; completing arrangements for a
hospital. ■ . ' . . ■ .; ■ .
The following sums were received by the
State secretary yesterday: Pescadero, $100;
Sacramento, $108 25; St. Helena. $50; Woman's
Christian Temperance Union. Penryn, $5 ; Mrs.
G. R. .Simmons, French Gulch, $26 60; , little
children of New Almadan, $89 65; San Jose, $50.
A Richard Hobson c entertainment will be
given this evening at Matilditas Hall, 1605 Polk
street, for the benefit of the Red Cross So
ciety. .
The following resolution waa passed yester
day: Resolved, That the various city organiza
tions who are interested in caring for the moral
and physical welfare of the troops at Camp
Merritt be incited to confer with the enter
tainment committee of the Red Cross Society
before deciding on any date for benefit to
raise money for the soldiers, in order that any
possible conflict as to dates may be avoided.
It is a matter of regret that two benefits for
the soldiers are to be held ' on July 14, com
memorating the fall of the Bastile. Divided
Interests cannot bring the best results.
Subscriptions were received by the local so
ciety yesterday from the following people:
William Hass, $10; Employes of Hass Bros.',
$11 50; Sequoia Chapter, D. A. R. (additional),
$11; Benjamin Conn, second donation, $2 75;
Mrs. J. W. Harrison, $5; King, Morse & Co.,
$10; Employes of Sloan . & . C 0. ." $7; Mrs. Ed
ward C. Holmes, $1 50; Memberships, $23.
A vote of thanks was extended to the Mil
brae Dairy and the San Mateo Dairy for their
generous donations of milk for the sick in the
hospitals.
The wife of Bishop Nichols is quite anxious
that the women of San Mateo send weekly do
nations of vegetables.
The society have distributed 4900 badges and
have a membership of about 6000.
A- registered letter addressed to C. J. Rob
inson has been at the Red Cross Department
Store, 16 Post street, for some time past. It
is postmarked San Antonio, Tex. »
There Is a young girl whose days are devoted
to working in a mattress factory and who
spends her evenings in sewing for the Red
Cross Society. Her . efforts in the cause are
fully appreciated by the ladles of the Red
Cross, and her patriotism should be an exam
ple to others.
Mrs. McKinstry yesterday received donations
from Brentwood Red Cross Society and Mrs.
Chipman. Red Bluff. Received from friends
to San Francisco Red Cross Society from
Forum. A. Roos, Eunice Jefferies, T. L.. Hen
derson, Mrs. A. S. Townsend, Mr. Friedlander,
Quiros Soda, Belmont School. Milbrae Dairy
and a friend from mattress factory.
■ ♦ »-
CHANGE THE AWARDS
MfIDE AT DOG SHOW
Mastiffs, CocKer Spaniels and
Others Were Entered, Al
though Not Eligible.
The entries to the Pacific Coast Field
Trials closed on the Ist inst. with a total
of twenty-nine nominations, made up of
twenty-five English setters and four
pointers. Last year brought out an entry
of only twenty-three, with sixteen point
ers, six English setters and one Irish
setter. It la noteworthy that Valiente
sires fourteen of this year's candidates,
and Dash Antonio four, leaving only
seven to be placed to the credit of other
stud dogs.
11. H. Carlton, secretary of the San
Francisco Kennel Club, has received the
following official notification from A. P.
Vredenbereg, secretary of the American
Kennel Club.
"I would advise you that I have can
celed the following winnings, as the en
tries were not eligible to the classes in
which they competed: Class 6, No. 11,
mastiffs, limit-bitches, Mrs. J. P. Nor
man's Lola, No. 37.547, said bitch having
to her credit four first winnings prior to
the closing of your entries, viz.: First
open, Stockton; first open, Oakland, 1896;
first limit; first winners', San Jose, i:>9b.
Class 109, No. 339, cocker spaniels, limit
bitches, H. A. Wegener's Tootsy W, No.
45,541, said bitch having to her credit
four first winnings prior to the closing ol
your entries, viz.: First open, San Fran
cisco, 1897; first junior, Sacramento; first
limit; first winners', San Jose, 1898.
"The rule says: 'Limit class shall be
for all dogs never having won four first
prizes at any recognized show, wins In
the puppy and novice classes excepted.'
There are two similar cases to the above,
one class 60, No. 193, E. V. Sullivan's
pointer Ashbury (formerly Bummer W),
but as these did not score wins, the en
tries may stand. An examination of the
catalogue of your late show has proven
that it is most remarkably free from er
rors, and you are to be congratulated."
The executive committee of the San
Francisco Kennel Club will meet on th«
15th inst. to consider the charges brought
by Mr. Sammi, in connection with the
erroneous transfer of his bull terrier,
Scaldy Mike. Mr. Sammi proposes to
make it interesting for those who slight
ed his dog. The principal offender,
"Dave" Sinclair, has no fear of retribu
tive punishment. "Dave" Is standing
guard at Camp Barrett, awaiting transfer
to the Philippines. He is keeping a care
ful lookout for Sammi. It might be well
to mention that "Dave's" weapon is a
Krag-Jorgonsen, and he carries it loaded
and with fixed bayonet.
The celebrated St. Bernard. Champion
Alton 11, died last week. He was the
sire of more champions than any other
dog of his breed in the country.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are You Run Down, Exhausted?
TRY
■ftj*-.734 Iff F"4 >*^ n Jl^". '*~^jf^? wf a fe-^M £hj9 J-^*H
SIR HENRY IRVING,
the Eminent Tragedian.
I can certainly add my testimony to
the virtues of Yin Mariani, which I
have found excellent, and am * well
convinced of its quality.
HENRY IRVING.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— B3 S
NO FAKES!
NO YELLOW JOURNALISM
Read
I lIC 43LdLF
Edited by James H. Barry.
FORCEFUL EDITORIALS ON ALL
THE LEADING EVENTS OF
THE DAY.
GONDENSEDJIAR NEWS.
Subscription, $1.50 per Year.
5 Cents a Copy.
OFFICE - - 429 Montgomery St.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain I No Pay Until Curedl
75-page book sent free. 8. R. Chamley. M. D. ,
17 THIRD ST., Nej»r> Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
Grand PERSONALLY CONDUCTED
VACATION EXCURSION %
ALASKA and the ARCTIC CIRCLE
(LAND OF THE MIDNIGHT SUN),
—BY THE— — ;
BOSTON AND ALASKA TRANSPORTATION
CO.'S Steel Steamship BRIXHAM, •
Leaving San Francisco July 10, Seattle July
14, touching at various coast points, affording
passengers an opportunity of seeing the mag-
nitlcent scenery of I'uget Sound, coast of Brit-
ish Columbia In daylight, volcanoes of the
Aleutian Islands, stopping- at Unalaska, thence
across Bering Sea, touching at New Boston,
passing Kings Island, the home of the Arctic
cliff dwellers, en route to Kntzebue Sound. The
final landing will be made at Hotham Inlet at
the mouth of Kowak River, and on the return
trip the steamship Brixham v will stop at St.
Michael and Dutch Harbor for sightseeing
purposes. wim '^C'mnij'i
THIRTY-DAY TRIP,
Under Management of the Company's Tourist
Agent.
ONLY $250,
Including meals, berths, transportation and all
necessaries. Three concerts daily by the
steamer's orchestra. Lady chaperon. Electric
lights. Steam heat. Experienced guide. Su-
perb cuisine.
Apply AND ALASKA TRANSPORTATION
BOSTON AND ALASKA TRANSPORTATION
COMPANY.
H. M. HAINES. C. F. and P. A.,
20 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
A. E. CRONENWETT, G. T. M.,
114 James street, Seattle, Wash.
0O6«l60(5d<50OO0OOOO0
S TH " PALACE *'S
° GRAND HOTMkM*
o SAN FRANCISCO. ~
** Connected by a covered passageway. **
© 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *»
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTS THE PRICES: O
-. European Plan. .oo per day and upward _
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward v
Q Correspondence Solicited. n
q JOHN 0. EIBKPATaiCK, Manager. Q
000000000000000000
DRJfCMJLTYr
nmis WELLKNOWK AND RKLIABLK OL6
-L Bp«tiallPteurejPr!vate,Nervous,Bloo<i and Skin
Diseases of Men only Manly Power restored. Over
20ypars'experleuce. Send for Book, free. Patlenjs .
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 0 to 3•'
dally ; 6:30 tns.:»rv'«rs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly con fldentia l . Call oraddxess
*». ROSCOSE 3f cSITIiTT; OT. «»-,
26V* KEABNY STREET, BAN FRANCISCO, CAli,
AMUSEMENTS.
DASHES—QUICK ACTION-NO DELAYS
RACES! 'Mjbi^h RACES!
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION. OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
EVERY WEEK DAY.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
ADMISSION FREE.
(Ladies free to grand stand. GOc admits gen-
tlemen to grand stand, betting ring and pad-
dock.) - - • -v
'■ Races Commence at 2 O'clock.
Trains connectlns with the 12, . 1:30 and 1
o'clock ■ boats stop at the track. . . •
CHUTES AND ZOO!
CANNON, THE SWISS 613-POUNDER !
A MATINEE EVERY DAY
Great Vaudeville Show in th«
J FREE THEATER.
COLBY AND WAY AND # A BIG ' COMPANY!
SEE THE NEW ; MOVING WAR PICTURES.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
RECREATION PARK, ,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE.
CHAMPIONSHIP ' PACIFIC COAST.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M. ■ ■ fc ' ;
BAN FRANCISCO VS. FRESNO. ;
ADMISSION, LADIES FREE. '
MARIANI WINE
Makes the
Weak Strong.
Mariani Wine gives power to the
brain, strength and elasticity to the
muscles and richness to the blood. It
soothes, strengthens and sustains the
system and braces body and brain. For
overworked men, delicate women, sickly
children it works wonders.
i To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
& CO., 52 West Fifteenth street. New York
City, will be sent. free, book containing por-
traits with ifidursements of Emperors, Em-
press, Prin. .h Cardinals, Archbishops and
other Interesting matter.
All Druggists. Avoid Substitutions.
Inrtimor street: Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital street.
_^ AMUSEMENTS.
SioSGO'SiANDS
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices Xsc and SOo
Family Circle and Gallery 100
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
WELCOME HOME.
Special Engagement of the Sterling Rom&nUo
Actor,
JAMES M. BROPHY
In the Famous American War Drama,
HELD by the ENEMY
POWERFUL CAST. NEW SCENERY.
PATRIOTIC EFFECTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, JULY 9.
Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
. MR 4L ALICE J - SHAW AND DAUGHTERS,
the Whistling Prima Donnas; DOUGLAB A
FORD, Novelty Dancers; THE FOUR CO-
HANS, "Running for Office"; THREE WAT-
SON SISTERS and ZAMORA, Sensational
Aerialists: FALKE & SEMON. Musical Artists-
CHARLES WAYNE, Comedian Eccentrique;
ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne: JONES,
GRANT & JONES. Colored Trio; THE TWO
JUDGES. Acrobatic Equilibrists.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-night and Sunday— Last Times.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
In Their Excellent Production of the Great
Military Drama,
F^ORT F^R/WNE,
By Brigadier General Charles King and Sheri-
dan-Sutherland.
Next Monday — The comedy, "LOST —34
HOURS."
j MATINEE TO-DAY! ANY SEAT, 25c.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
'— — z -ONLY TWO NIGHTS MORE! —
Stock well's Grand Revival of -
UNCLE TORI'S CABIN !
Popular Prices— soc, 35c, 25c and 15c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestine Proprietor and Manager.
LAST NIGHT.
THE REGAL REVIVAL OF
Gilbert & Sullivan's Favorite Opera.
"THE MIKADO!"
NEXT WEEK
Yon Suppe's Martial Opera,
"FATINITZA I"
"March Forward Fearlessly."
Popular Prices 25c and 800
No Telephone.
AT fA7AD Main 254.
AU^AZ<AK. Main 254.
MATINEE TO-DAY. 15c, 25c, 350.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES.
LEWIS MORRISON
IN
FREDERICKTHE GREAT
MONDAY NIGHT.
MORRISON'S SPECTACULAR "FAUST."
1789-FALL OF TIE BASTILLE-1897
FRENCH NATIONAL
CELEBRATION!
—-BENEFIT OF THE
RED CROSS SOCIETY
THURSDAY, JULY 14, :S9B.
fIT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON.
LITERARY EXERCISES. CONCERT.
JAPANESE FIREWORKS.
NIGHT,
! GREAT CONCERT BY THE lOWA REGI-
MENTAL BAND.
GREAT DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS.
GRAND BALL ALL NIGHT.
Admission, 15 cents; children under 12, 10 cents.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, JULY 9-10.
SIX-DOG ' SAPLING STAKE AND SIXTY-
FOUR-DOG ALL-AGED STAKE. In-
cluding All the Stake ;. Winners of
the Past Year.
GRAND TOTAL 6 PRIMS. ■ ■ -$777.50
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leave Third and Townsend streets, Saturday,
1 p. m.; Sunday, 11 a. m. 12 m., 1 and 2 p. m. ;
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets 5 minutes
later. Returning/leave Park immediately after
last : course. : Extra train Sunday. 4:45 p. m,
San Mateo electric cars every 10 minutes.
ADMISSION, LADIES FREE.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, JULY 10. AT 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE AQUATIC PROGRAMME !
: 50 Yard, 75 Yard, 100 Yard and 120 Yard Races
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES.
MUSIC BY THE GAULOISE BAND.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
RED CROSS_ BENEFIT.
CHAMPIONSHIP BASEBALL
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN
VERSUS
OLYMPIC CYCLERS!
;■ SUNDAY,. JULY 10, 2 P. M.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STREETS.
OLYMPIA ■ I Eddy Struts.
UL| * mriA I Eddy Str..*.
GREATEST NEW BILL OF THE SEASON.
TOM RYAN, "the Mad Musician"; MUR-
RAY & REYNOLDS, Change Artists; BAR-
NEY REYNOLDS, LA -ROYCE v SISTERS,
MAUD ROCKWELL, LA MONT and BIO-
GRAPH, With War Scenes. - Admission Fnt,
Matlaca Sunday. ■■ '
■ - . ■ •■■■ .-*..-....■■ -. . ' . ■
78
STANDING OF THE
CLUBS IN
LEAGUE RACE.
BY JOE CORBETT.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— Won. Lost. Pet.
Sacramento 9 2 .800
San Jose 8- 4 .WO
Santa Cruz 7 C .54'}
Athletics 6 C .500
San Franclscos 6 8 .42j
Oakland 5 8 .385
Fresno i. 5 S •■ ■ .3.55
Stockton 3 9 .230
The foregoing Is the correct standing of
the baseball clubs of the League on this
Coast up to date. The fact that the
Gilt Edges still lead in the race for the
championship pennant is no great sur
prise, as .they will no doubt win the pen
nant without even an argument. San
Jose, their nearest competitor, while a
good team in most respects, is in no
sense capable of beading them off, un
less that glorious uncertainty of the
game asserts itself, which is hardly prob
able.
The teams, as the table demonstrates,
have not struck their gait. Oakland and
Fresno should be up with the others.
This is so of Oakland especially, as it Is
a good team, despite the fact that it has
lost more games than it has won. The
standing of this team to me is a great dis
appointment. 1 really looked for them to
be near the top, for 1 consider them, as a
team, second to none, excepting 1 Sacra
mento.
Their pitchers are not as strong as they
might be when compared with other
twlrlers of the League who are winning
games. (1 refer to such pitchers as are
not in the same class with Harvey, Iberg
and Balsz. I see no reason why they
should not prove equally as effective.
Mr. Russell's great fault lies in his in
ability to properly locate the plate, and
he should practice more frequently, so as
to. overcome this weakness. I might also
suggest, Mr. Russell, that you employ a
quicker motion in delivering the ball with
men on bases. They steal off you with
provoking frequency, and it is all on ac
count of that long motion you adhere to.
Mr. Moskiman, on the other hand, pays
too much attention to base runners, and it
Interferes greatly with his control. Don't
be continually watching the bases, Mr.
Mosklman. Pay more attention to the
plate. Your Inability to locate it, at times,
is due entirely to your desire to watch
' the bases and pitch at the same instant.
I have said before it is quite unneces
sary for pitchers to do this, and I will
supplement the assertion by stating that
an occasional glance will do more to in
' timidate him than any other move a
pitcher might make.
I do not wish to give the impression,
(While commenting on the pitchers, that
they are responsible for the defeats of the
team, for such would be wrong. To be
frank, the sup' accorded them in some
i games was very eccentric, much more so
than is readily imagined. A decided im
• provement, however, characterizes their
- work of late. With the pitchers giving
better service, the time intervening be
tween their present standing, and their
climb to the top should be of short dura
tion.
The Athletics and "Sand Crabs" belong
j where they are. When the Fresnos and
Oaklands strike their gait the real fun
will commence.
As to the San Franclscos. it Is difficult
•to size them up, principally on account
of the new faces visible every time they
play. The rumor that Mr. Raver intended
entering on the managerial role has net
been confirmed, yet there is a possibility I
that he will do so. As owner and manager j
of the San Franciscos he should make the i
thing a success— that is. if he is capable of
running a team, which I doubt.
There is not much use in discussing pos
sibilities, so I will dwell for a few mo
ments with the tailenders.
This proverbial collection of eccentrici
ties whose unsophisticated methods would
well grace a former age. have won three
games, one of which was taken from the
leaders. [ am told that all they possessed
in this wide, weary world, baseballieally
speaking, consisted of an unrealized
chunk of ambition, with two games won
and a bat bag.
it Is said they play excellent ball when
at home: but if the exhibition they handed
down when here some few days "or weeks
ago is any criterion, 1 must exclaim,
"Terrible!" How they ever defeated the
Gilt Edges is too deep for me. and I
therefore, attribute it to that glorious un
certainty which is ever welcome with the
tailenders.
No doubt, this aggregation will honor
the tail end of the ladder with its pres- '■
ence all season. Let us hope so, at any \
rate, fur I would much rather see them
there than the Frisros. It Is simply im- i
possible to figure on their finishing any
where else, and unless they take a brace—
and very soon— will be too late to catch
up.
Ham Iberg-. one of the best if not the j
best pitcher In the State, has left the 'San j
Joses. What is this world coming to when
a man of his caliber Is permitted to roam ■
about unsigned? He left the San Joses
because the management : wanted to de- j
duct $10 from his salary to pay another
man who had been engaged to participate !
as pitcher in Saturday's game. What an
unlimited amount of cheek you have, Mr.
McGucken. I will tell you one thing— that
if such men as Iberg are not engnged to
play ball when they are available this
league will burst, and the remnants will
never be found.
The great trouble with some of you
managers is that you have become inflat
.ed with the idea that this State contains
a superfluity of good players, and in con
sequence such men as Iberg are compelled j
to retire. Now, take my word for it, you
' are greatly mistaken.
If the league contained a few more
g-ood players (you may rest assured that
the poor are in the majority) it would be
drawing better crowds. If you are con
tent for the sake of a few dollars to let
such star . players , go the people who
do patronize the games will discontinue
doing so.
With the baseball public Mr. Iberg is
a very popular Individual. They like to
see him pitch because he pitches ■ good
baseball, and the quicker some of you
managers realize this fact the better. I
never saw such a queer lot of business
men (so-called)."
Here you are endeavoring to run a com
plete baseball league without investing
a cent. Baseball is a business, and a very
profitable one, if properly handled. Base
ball, however, will not run itself. It is
exactly the same as any other, and a
man. to make it successful, must invest
his money.
Do you suppose for a moment that peo
ple would go to the Orpheum or the Em
porium and spend their money if some
thing was not given in return? Do you
suppose that if the best actors left the Co
lumbia, the play would continue to be
a howling success? Not much; and the
same holds good with baseball. If you
permit your best men to leave the people
will not go to see the games. Iberg Is a
card In himself, and if you, Mr. Mc-
Gucken, or any other manager, for that
matter, thinks it best to leave him out.
do so and suffer the consequences. He is
worth that $10 a hundred times over, and
what a fool he would be to permit it be
ing taken away from him. I would ad
vise some of these teams to grab him,
quickly, and. Mr. Iberg, if they will not
pay the money, you are Justified in re
maining idle.
To-day's game will be red hot. The line
up follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Fresno.
Ftroecker Catcher Mangerlne
Bhea Pitcher Thomas
- Dun lea vy First base Held
Croll Second base Earley
Collins .Third base Moore
KniL- Shortstop Courtney
Ileardy.... Left field Ferguson
Beaton Center field McCue
Barry Right field.. Brittain
Soldiers to Swim at Sutro Batrjs.
Volunteer soldiers will again- be among
the competitors In the swimming con
tests at Sutro Baths to-morrow. The fol
lowing, programme -has been arranged: j
CO-yard dash, Utah, inter-regimental— R. Ir
vine. R. 'Hodgert, A. Andrews, G. Porter, R.
Marsh. W. ■F. Gannon, J. Howe. J. Woolsey,
13. KavanaUgh, F. Harkness, P. , C. Evans.
Under water swimming or long diving, lnter
reglmental—J. Miller. Kansas ; C. Salsberr>.
Nebraska; Lee Quint, Seventh Regiment, Cali
fornia; G. Hundy, Washington.'.
75-yafd dash, Nebraska— C. Salsberry. Com
pany G; H. Smock, Company C: C. A. Frank
lin Company ('; C. E. Hushnell, 13. Boyd. M.
Auxler, li. Carter, G. Nixon, G. Stears, Ne
braska Recruits. . . ■
Springboard diving— Schulte. C. A. S. C. ,
A. J. Baker, O. A. C.J F. Green. P. 8. C. ;
H. Hirßchfleld, I. S. C. ; D. Green, P. S. C. ; O.
ClouEh, C. A. S. C; D. Carroll, S. F. A. C. :
F. Durand, C. A. S. C. '
High diving, open to all— J. Wlnkler. Wash
ington; .1. Howe, Utah: G.Leßue. Seventh
Regiment, California; Lee Quint, Seventh Res
lme.m. California; G. Harris, Washington.
IN THE FIELD OF SPORT
ECHOES OF THE
RACES
AT SACRAMENTO.
The marvelous riding of Frank G. Peck
of Tuba City at the annual State meet
at Sacramento last Monday, when he won
both the mile championship and the mile
handicap, the only two events In which
he entered, stamps him as the most prom
ising amateur on the coast. Peck, al
though little known to the racing world,
it not by any means a new rider. He has
had at least a year's experience at the
game, beginning with the Sacramento
meets in June and July a year ago, when
lie showed a remarkable burst oi speed,
but lacked in headwork.
President Kerrigan of the Bay City
Wheelmen saw In him a "comer," and he
was at once attached to the maltose
cross string of speed merchants. That he
did not judge unwisely was evidenced by
Peck's riding on the Bay City team in
the recent 100-mile relay. He had the
fifth 10-mile stretch to cover, and rode it
In 25 minutes flat, four seconds faster
than it had ever been ridden before, and
SO seconds faster than any other man in
the race on any relax-, something remark
able for a new man. considering the tal
ent that always competes in that classic
event.
.Many think Frank Peck a world boater,
but he will have to settle down and stop
all dissipations before he could stand the
campaigning the Eastern riders have to
go through. He Is phenomenally fast
now, and may have a future ahead of him
if he will only half try.
Another new man developed at the Sac
ramento meet is Ivan Treadwell, who also
showed good speed. He started his sprint
FAMILIAR FACES SEEN ON THE CALIFORNIA BALL FIELDS.
too early once and again got pocketed,
things he will learn not to do with a lit
tle more experience. Treadwell should do
better at San Jose on Admission day.
however, under the careful training of
"King" Rhys.
One thing noticeable at the Sacramento
meet was the absence of the men of the
official circle. True. President Adams of
the Associated Clubs was there, and H.
M. "Welch, chairman of the racing board.
One could not help, however, but miss
Starter Lennie, Handlcapper Smyth, An
nouncer Knapp. Timer Stoddard and the
host of good fellows who generally attend
these functions. They will doubtless be
In evidence at San Jose on September 9.
Speaking of tne 9th of September meet
at San Jose, it seems that the baseball
people have control of the grounds and
want to have a ball game that day in
stead of cycle races, so that there Is a
doubt whether the track will be avail
able. As the cycle races will prove a far
better attraction and bring a much larger
gate, the Garden City Wheelmen hope to
prevail upon the managers to give them
the date. It Is a little too early yet. any
way to get out entry blanks and an
nounce a prize list. This will be done if
they secure the track the first part of
August.
C. M. ("Bunt") Smith, the crack ama
teur of San Jose, went to Paso Robles last
Monday, to ride a match at one mile,
best two in three heats single-paced,
against Paul Smith, the local champion.
It took "Bunt" Just two heats to complete
his work. There was a big crowd ■■*< the
races, with several minor events to inter
est them besides the principal race, and
every one had a good time.
Hardy Downing, the San Jose profes
sional, has gone north to complete at
Wellington, • Vancouver. Seattle, Tacoma
and. other points, where every track is
controlled by the California Associated
Cycling Clubs and all the racing men ride
under its colors. Downing will have to
meet F. J. Cotter, the. crack northwestern
amateur, who has but recently turned
"pro." , ■
Otto Zlegler Jr.. who was champion of
the United States In 1594. is residing quiet
ly at San Jose, with his thoughts far
from cycle racing. It is said he contem
plates marriage at an earl*' date, and all
will join in wishing the "Little Demon"
good luck.
. The ■ Bay City "Wheelmen will have a
run to-morrow to Tocaloma, in Marin
County. The members, under Captain
Harry Larkln, will take the 9 a. m.
Sausallto boat and train to San Anselmo.
A number of the Denver Wheelmen, now
located at Camp.Merritt, will attend th"
run, and the local club expects to show
them as fine a trip as they ever traversed
in Colorado. ."
The nines, of tho Olympic Cyclers and
the Olympic Club "Wheelmen will cross
bats In a match game of ball at the Six
teenth and. Folsom • streets grounds to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock. The pro
ceeds from the gate will be donated to
the Red Cross Society. The line up:
O. Wheelmen. Position. O. Cyclers.
.Tam05....... Catcher Boyle
Mansfield, T.. Pitcher Head
Pookwitz (Capt.)... First bnse Oor<les
TUehl Second base . Follanshee
Vandall..*. Third base ..'.Bradley
Collins. . Shortstop Cosprove
CflTtripht ..Right field Durham
Mansfield, D Center field (Cant.) Butz
Peterson. . . . ._ I/pft field Monahan
A number of the members of the local
Cycle Hoard of Trade, who when awheel
style themselves the "Never Sweats," are
now touring Lake and Mendoclno coun
ties. The. party consists of Robert C.
Lennie, Jos. A. Ostendorf. James M.
Hamilton, S. G. Chapman, Edwin Mohrlg,
W. J. Kenney, Charles Watts, C. M.
Chrlstoffer and Joseph Hollo.
John S. Egan has been appointed by
President- Adams of the Associated Clubs,
chairman of the membership and Inter
club relations committee, vice T. J. Wins
low, resigned. Thus the Imperial Club
still retains the chairmanship of that Im
portant committee:
It is not generally known that the Cali
fornia ; Associated Cycling Clubs offer a
liberal prize list to any one securing for it
new members. ' The prizes are well worth
trying for, and if any one secures as
high as a hundred new names, a new IS9B
bicycle is his reward. The list graduated,
so that any one trying for the big prize
and falling is sure of something for what
ever number he secures. The full prize
list Is given in Cycling West of recent
issues. . . •, - ■;;..'. ; .
The next meeting of the board of gov
ernors of the Associated Clubs will be
held at the Reliance Athletic Club. Oak
land. Saturday evening. August 6. At. this
meeting Dr. Hill's. one class amendment
regarding racing men will be taken : up,
also a proposition to change the repre
sentation on the board: of governors, al
lowing one delegate for each twenty-five
individual members belonging to a club,
and one delegate for every fifty unattach
ed members. . :
r
H. W. SPALDINO.
TnE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUEBAY, " JULY 9, IS9B.
McCAUSLAND
TO RACE
ALEXANDER PAPE.
Ti.e skiff races which were postponed
I after two preliminary heats on June 26,
I at El Campo, will take place to-morrow
'at the same place. The following events
j are on the programme:
j Junior outrigger skiff, final heat — Victor Cafj
1 llerl of the Dolphins, Conrad Ochs of the Pio
neers and \Yi llium Howe of the Ariels.
Senior skiff — Special match race between
! Alex W. Pane of the Dolphin Boating and
i Swimming riub ami William McCausland of
i the Ariel Rowing Club.
Senior shell race-r-H. Wittkopf of the Ariels
i and J. \V. Lynn of the Stockton Athletic iJub.
Senior outrigger skiff — Entries: Alex W.
Pape and \V. O. Patch of the Dolphins; F.
Wilson. 11. A. Wlttki-pf and William McCaua
latld of the Ariels; Fred Ayers and Chester
j Ayers of the Alamedas.
Though Conrad Ochs of the Pioneers
I and William Howe of the Ariels met in
: the outrigger skiff race at Long Bridge
; last Sunday, it is impossible to say which
is the better man. as Howe's oarlock was
i injured and he did not finish. In rough
water the Dolphin representative would
probably have an advantage, for in the
lirst heat at El Campo on June 26, in
! which he was drawn against 11. Wilder
I of the Pioneers and J. Lyons of the South
' Ends, he alone kept his boat from
I swamping, and went over the course.
A. W. Pape hns been training from the
Triton hoathouse and William McCaus
land from the Dolphin quarters. The lat
ter has new outriggers in his boat, and
will use W. O. Patch's sculls. Pape is
In excellent trim and feels confident of
winning. He certainly pulled strongly as
stroke of the Dolphin four last Sunday.
It was hoped that some additional en
tries might have been received for the
senior shell race, but the Ariel and Stock
ton men will be the only contestants.
In the senior outrigger skiff race two
or three of the seven men entered will
probably drop out. The loser of the spe
cial match will hardly care to compete,
and H. WittKOpf, having just lost or won
the Benior shell race, will likely not ap
pear. \V. (). Patch has been working
steadily, making the Ariel uoathouse his
headquarters. He considers Frank Wil
son of the Ariels, who is both strong and
tenacious, his most dangerous competi
tor.
Except in the Pape-McCausland match,
stations will be drawn for at El Campo.
The races will be in charge of the re
gatta committee of the Pacific Athletic
Association; Al Fritz will be referee; P.
J. Enright, starter: McCailan, marshal;
Titus Brown, assistant marshal; J. Kee
nan, Al Greenleaf and J. Elliott, timers.
There will be ten Judges, two from each
of the following clubs: Ariels, Pioneers,
South Ends. Alamedas and Dolphins.
At its last meeting the Alameda Boat
Club elected the following five new mem
bers: Ed Edwards. William Nauman, D.
J. Ehrenfort, B. Guild and Leroy Pollard.
Five more applications for membership
have been received. At the semi-annual
meeting on the 12th ir.st. officers for the
ensuing term will be elected. The nomi
nations close on the night of the election.
Ip to the present time the following
nominations have been made: For pr?^l
dent, C. A. Smith: for vice president. W.
G. Hansen; for secretary, W. B. Hinch
man; for treasurer, George H. Miller; for
captain. E. M. Hunter; for lieutenant, D.
Greenleaf; for sergeant at arms, J. Hart
man; lor members of the executive board,
three to be elected — G. A. Rosenberg, L.
B. Thomas, F. W. Ayers, Atwell Webb
and H. W. Lubbock.
The Triton Swimming and Bontlng Club
is atn. ut to enter upon a new era. It has
hitherto attracted but little public at
tention, not entering its men for jegatrt-r.,
nor being a member of the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur Athletic Union.
The officers have decided to join the as
sociation and to send representatives to
the regattas. C. Hess Jr. will vrun and
become a sculler, a new four-oared g'g
will be built for the club by Al Rogers,
and monthly social entertainments will
be given at the boathouse. The club Is
In a nourishing condition, but, to n:«;»t
its Increased expenditure, will probably
add ten to its present complemeit of
thirty members. Following are the new
officers: President, Dan Everett; finan
cial secretary, I. Citron; recording sec
retary, George Blum; captain, John Peat;
lieutenant, August Schimpf; treasurer,
August Schuppert; trustees — :T>an
O'Keeffe. Bert Coffin and L. C. Kelton.
The Dolphin junior crew is at present
made up as follows: Fred Woerner, bow;
C. M. Farrell, forwardwaist; C. J. Hop
kins, afterwalst, and T. J. Kennedy,
stroke. So soon as E. Bartman returns
he will take his place as stroke. The
club intends to procure a new barge at an
early date.
NOW HARMONY REIGNS.
San Franciscos Appoint Delegates to
the Pacific Interclub ; Yacht
Association. .
At a meeting of the "San Francisco
Yacht Club, held yesterday at- the Mer
chants' Exchange, the following; officers
were present: Commodore Dr. T. I*. Hill,
"Vice-Commodore G. T. S. ■ White, Secre
tary Charles B. Hill, Treasurer R. B.
Ilogue, Financial Secretary W. G. Mor
row, Port Captain A. W. McKenzle and
Measurer J. M. Punnett. \ ; .' .-*; ; :  -.-..
A letter -was read ' from the. secretary
of the Pacific Interclub Yacht Associa
tion requesting the San Francisco. Yacht
Club name delegates v to the associa
tion, and to supply a list of its members
and yachts. 1 CommodorelDr. ' T. L.. Hill
appointed Arthur D. Naylor of the ; sloop
Twilight, Louis : A. 1 Haven, of , the sloop
Sappho and George S. Andrea as dele
gates, - the last named  being a yacht
owner. . ■•■ .; ■ y.'.-'/.pC: ■' '. ,- " ."-■ ;-'.-■ " ■'
': The club ways ; are to be - moved from
Menotti's yard and Bet 'up again in Lan
Terry's.
Messrs. Edgell and Charles Rleveley
were elected members of the club and A.
F. Broad and J. H. Mlnlfle. were proposed.
Arrangements were ; made . for the ; hop
to be given at the clubhouse <on • Satur
day, July 16. A tug will leave the city
at 7:30 p. m. :on that day to take visitors
to Sausallto, and will return to the city
about midnight.
■ ♦ ■
Deadly Microbes in a Pinch of Dmst
by
Dr. Piljsbury in Next Sunday's Call.
A GLIMPSE OF
HORSES
WHILE AT WORK.
The high class racing at Oakland, un
der the auspices of the Trotting Horse
i Breeders' Association, indicates that this
j State still maintains its former standard
| in the breeding of light harness horses.
The average time of all the heats trotted
I has been unusually fast.
The best blood is represented among
the entries, and both trotters and' pacers
show it in their conformation and style
of traveling.
Persons interested should keep well in
view Royal Sid when* Crippen gets him
right to go money hunting. He should
readily take a record of 2:15 orthereabouts
by another month.
Jimmy Sullivan Is one of the hardest
i working trainers on tho coast and sits
! a sulky almost all forenoon, then "sights'*
I a few In the afternoon's races. He doubt
| less rides fifty miles a day on a sulky—
not an altogether pleasant task.
The barrier is certainly a great facili
tator of starts, and since its Introduction
the racing has been far more enjoyable.
Ethel Downs, 2:10, does not seem to be
at herself of late. Doubtless the mile
In 2:12 U. the other day took the edge
off the splendid daughter of Boodle.
Webster, who teams the horses of C.
L. Griffith, is left-handed. Seldom one
sees a man carry his whip In his left
hand.
Old Mascot. 2:04, the one-time pacing
champion. Is still winning races over the
half-mile tracks and pacing miles arouna
2:10.
E. H. Harriman, who owns Stamboul.
2:O7 I t., is on a visit to California. He
reports the great son of Sultan and
Flectwlng as In splendid condition and is |
well pleased with his colts.
Both Thompson and Ethel Downs have
contracted the habit of tongue lolling. !
Beyond a doubt they would trot better |
and faster miles with this defect cor- |
rected.
Fltz Lee is one of the lightest galted
pacers on earth. If he could go fast
without the hopples he would be ready
money In almost any company.
Ten horses stepped last quarters better
than 33 seconds Wednesday during the
morning workouts. Ethel Downs moved
one in about 31 seconds— a 2:04 clip.
Maben's green pacer by Sidney is reel
ing off quarters at a 2:08 clip. She will
beat 2:15 directly, and no one ever saw a
slicker galted one than she.
Young Durfee sits a sulky exactly like
his father. He has some strong racing
material in Oslto, Mamie Rlley, Lady
Margaret and one or two otherß. Surely
the McKlnneya are great this season.
Lottie seems a popular name. Several
trotters and one or two pacers have ap
peared already at this meeting under that
appellation.
Captain Hackett shifted to a trot and
worked the track close to 2:30 yesterday.
It may prove his natural gait.
The railbirds are watching Rect, 2:l6M>,
closely in all his workouts. There are
those who fancy he is a second Azote if
nothing befalls him. Certainly it takes a
rattling four-year-old to outfoot him
either away from the wire or once
straightened out on the homestretch.
Ed Geers is stepping Tommy Britton
2:llVi, repeats in stilt faster time and It
may be he will reach the Dlrectum
mark-2:0r.i4.
Elloree, 2:09*4, worked a fourth mile in
2:11 the other day at Cleveland and her
trainer George Saunders expects to mark
her 2:07 this season In a race. It is pretty
fast, however. •
Queen Alix, 2:03 V.. has been mated with
the ex-California sire, Sable Wilkes, 2:18.
Both were wonderful colt trotters and a
bundle of speed should result. Alix will
be shown at the down east horse shows
this fall.
Few handsomer trotters are to be seen
than Eureka by Ira, son of Piedmont. He
is a beautifully colored chestnut about the
shade of th* old-time show-ring cham
pion, Mambrino King.
Jimmy Sullivaji nas a crack-a-Jack
three-year-old in the bay colt Monte Carlo
by M"onaco and horsemen are nearly
agreed he will beat 2:20 this season. He
seldom makes a break and is perfectly
galted.
One morning this week as a filly by
Nutwood Wilkes was stepping the back
stretch the veteran writer Joseph Cairn
Simpson asked "Where is she?" as he was
timing her. Mr. Carter, her owner, at
once remarked: "Where is She. I shall
name her. She is not named as yet, Diit
that names her. That is an odd name
and not likely to have been taken."
That fast colt Who is It, by Nutwood
Wilkes. Is sick and will not start again for
a month beyond a doubt. He was rated
as good a prospect as has shown to date
in California.
McKlnney. 2:11%, gives promise of be
coming a great sire. Everything at the
track by him shows well and the green
mare Mamie Rlley can shade 2:20 a bit
when conditions obtain quite to her liking.
Arthur L., 2:15, is at the track and jog
ging to cart dally. Later he may make a
little turf history.
Myrtle Thorn traces directly to the ola
time five-mile race mare Nourmahal. It
is a line not at all bad to have in a pedi-
gree.
Few. If any. horses at the track can
pace the stretch faster than the big chest
nut gelding Bernard. Right around 31 3 £
seconds it is every time he Is asked to
sprint to the wire. Tuesday he stepped a
half In 1:06 so easily the railbirds began
predicting 2:10 over the Oakland track
should he start on a favorable day and
be at all closely pressed.
Mr. Carter is delighted with the young
trotters by his horse Nutwood W likes.
John A. McKerron by him Is being com
mented on enthusiastically by the Eastern
turf scribes and should return with a
mark In the teens this fall.
Alice Biz
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
Turned in a False Alarm.
Henry Kreig, arrested for turning In a
false alarm of fire from Kearny and Clay
streets, was yesterday sentenced by Judge
Conlan to pay a fine of $100, with the
alternative of 100 days In the County
Jail.
WHITE WINGED
YACHTS
AT NAVY YARD.
The nnnual cruise of the Pacific Inter
dub Yacht Association boats to Vallejo j
on July 2, 3 and 4 was quite successful, ;
though there were not at any one time so j
many yachts at anchor at the rendezvous '
as In previous years.
Vallejo was visited during the Inde
pendenCe day holidays by about a dozen
Corinthian yachts, half a dozen Califor- j
nia craft and four or five each from the I
Enclnals and San Franciscos. Of the San
Francisco fleet Dr. T. L. Hill's Cygnus
and Arthur D. Naylor's sloop Twilight
made >«.-.ejo on Saturday night. Vice
Commodore G. T. S. White's Bloo" Will i
o" the Wisp lay at McNear's landing on
Saturday night and sailed up to Vallejo !
on Sunday, returning to McNear's the
same day. The yawls Frolic and Phyllis
also took part in the cruise.
On Sunday Arthur D. Naylor's Bloop j
Twilight sailed round to Martinez, re- !
turned to Vallejo and came down to Sau- '
salito on the Fourth. Commodore Dr. T. |
L. Hill leaves to-day for a cycling trip |
through Yellowstone Park, and will be
absent till about the end of the month.
Admiral J. D. Soreckels' schooner Lur- i
line and Commodore E. A. Wlltsee's
schooner Aggie were towed out from I
Meiggs wharf at 5 o'clock last Saturday i
morning and cast off together near the
lightship. The weather was fogß-y and
there was scarcely any breeze. The Ag- |
gie cast anchor at Santa Cruz at 11:30 on
Sunday morning, beating the Lurline by
thirteen minutes.
The Corinthians had an ambitious pro
gramme for the holidays: To cruise from
Tlburon to Martinez on Saturday even- |
ing, thence through Montezuma Slough |
and to Vallejo on Sunday, returning on
Monday. The following boats anchored
at Martinez on Saturday: - Commodore
Carl Westerfeld's sloop Aeolus, Secretary
E. B. Lathrop's sloop Pride, ex-Commo
dore J. W. Pew's sloop Truant, "ex-Com
modore A. J. Young's sloop Clara, F. F.
Ames' sloop Elia, A. l. Lyons sloop
Freda, J. M. Mattoon's sloop Amlgo, F.
A. Bartletfs sloop Queen, J. M. Patrick's
sloop Thetis and P. W. Hurndall's sloop
Merope. Ex-Commodore T. F. Tracy's
sloop Seceret went up to Suisun.
The Corinthian fleet made an early
start on Sunday morning. In Montezuma
Slough the Elia ran upon a mud bank
and allowed the rest of the fleet to pass
her, the Clara coming out of the slough
first. The Merope ran aground, but soon
floated off; Thetis anchored at the mouth
of Montezuma Slough, near Colllnsville,
and ran upon a lee shore. The skipper
took his wife over to Black Diamond, and
did not get his boat back to her moor
ings till ti o'clock on Tuesday morning.
At about 5:45 on Sunday afternoon th >
Corinthian fleet began to come to anchor
at Vallejo. Shortly before noon on Mon
day the fleet started homeward,- Queen
and Mlgnon being ; the first to leave Val
lejo. There was a lively breeze, causing
some of. the boats to reef. The cruise was
most successful. .■■■■-.• . ,
The following Enclnal yachts took part
In the Interclub cruise: ■ E. K. Taylor's
yawl Emerald, W. Bates' sloop Vixen, R.
Mitchell's sloop Fawn, EL Ward's sloop
Sphinx. AH cam,* back except Fawn,
which went up the Sacramento River for
a two weeks' cruise. , ■, ;r-
The yawl Spray, formerly SI wash, for
merly Guinevere, Ik now back at Tlbu
ron, and Commodore J. S.Hanley made
his up-river cruise on the yawl Emerald.
The following yachts flew the California
flag at Vallejo: R. R. THommedieu and
S. C. Delamater's sloop Phoenicia. Secre
tary G. F. Gaither's sloop V and I. L. A.
Sherman's sloop Royal, H. Soratt's yawl
Idler, A. -C. Lee's sloop . Surprise and
Prather's launch El Casador.
U and I started from Oakland Creek on
Saturday afternoon, and lay that night
at Goat Island. She was under way. at 4
o'clock on Sunday morning, and passing
to windward of Red Rock, encountered a
heavy swell in San Pablo Bay. but
reached Vallejo safely. Secretary Gaith
er's only companion having returned by
train, and no one being obtainable in his
place, V and I, was left at Vallejo in
charge of Captain W. Woods of the sloop
Angela. She will return to the creek to
morrow. ■ ~
H. W. Brydges, ; on board his sloop
Hope, with Arthur Duncombe. J. J. Han
lon, J. T. Carrier and . others, had an
agreeable up-river cruise, passing through
the slough into the San Joaquin.
To-day and to-morrow are "open" days
on all the club programmes, except the
Pacifies. This club has a race of the 15
footers scheduled, but as most • or all of
these , are not in Bailing trim the event
will not take place.
. W. S. Goodfellow's schooner La Poloma,
after lying for some weeks in Sessions
Basin, East Oakland, has gone south to
Santa Catallna. She was built at San
Pedro, and rigged as a sloop was the
speediest yacht in the waters of Southern
California. It -is said, however, that in
rough water she makes very heavy
weather. She is enroll* in the San
Francisco and Pacific yacht clubs, and in
the Oakland Canoe Club, the ■■ flagship :of
which is Commodore P. Caduc's .sloop
Annie, one of the fastest boats in the bay
of San Francisco. ".
........ : ■ --:■ • »
THIRD CUP MOTCH
fIT GOLDEN GATE
Pacific and fllameda CricKetClub
Players Will Compete for
the Hunter Trophy.
The third of the five matches, arranged
to take place between the Alameda and
Pacific Cricket clubs for the Hunter-
Harrison cup, begins to-morrow on the
Golden Gate grounds.
The Pacific eleven will probably be as
follows: George Theobald. A. Dickinson.
C. B. Hill, Fane Sewell-Gordon, E. F.
Mufison, W. Mcßae. J. H. McLean. F. W.
G. Wallace, John Myers and J. H. Har
bour.
The Alameda representatives will be
chosen from the following: R. B. Hogue,
Captain J. J. Morlarity. G. J. Baugh, I.
H. Spiro, J. J. R. Peel, F. C. Drifflold.
F. V. Croll. G. Croll. A. Price. V. See.
beck. C. Banner, B. Bird and F. Stahl.
The games for the Hunter-Harrison
cup up to the present time stand: Ala
meda, one, won, one drawn; Pacific one
drawn.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm •<•»
water tub and swimming baths, North Beach.
HONORS FOR THE
RIFLEMEN
OF THIS COAST.
The riflemen of this city are highly
pleased to learn that one of San Fran
cisco's best shots has taken the lead in
the contests at the Bund festival. Glen
dale Park, New York. He Is D. W. Mr-
Laughlin of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club, and though his score of 46 on the
standard American target will no doubt
be beaten, still he upheld the honor of the
State by taking the lead.
F. O. Young of the same club and
Messrs. Stettin and Heise of the San
Franc4sco Schuetzen Verein are still to
be heard from. It is believed that they
will not be far from the head when the
prizes and honors are awarded the win
ners. J. E. Gorman, another of the Co
lumbia's beat shots, has gone to the East.
He did not take his rifle, not Intending
to compete In the Glendale events. He
carried only his pistol and revolver, hop
ing that he will have a chance to have a
"go" with the boys of Walnut Hill. Mass.
A prominent San Francisco rifleman now
in New York sent the folowlng message
to his friends on this coast:
Tho f'alifornians are doing remarkably well.
We expect to take a goodly share of the
prizes back to the coast. We have won several
gold and silver medals already. A. Stettin
won the first silver medal on Sunday . F. 1).
Helse also won one on that day. Young put a
sliver medal on Monday and Helye a buflseye
at the point target on the ramp day. On Tues
day Heise won n. gold medal and Young made
a center line on the ir.an tarjjit. Wednesday
Stettin won a Bold medal and Young and Mc-
Laughlln won silver medals. At the point tar
get Mcl-rfiugrhlin made a bullseye. The other
snores have been: American standard target —
P. O. Young, 43—44; D. W. McUuighlin, 44—40.
Ring- target— Young, 66; McLaughlln, 68— 6 S.
Last evening the following dispatch was
received from the Glendale range:
NEW YORK. July 7.— ln the National sharp
■hooterr tournament to-day William Hayes of
Newark, N. J., carried off the honors With a
score of 375 points at the point target. Joseph
Singer of Los Angeles distinguished himself
with 47 points out of a possible Efl at the stand
ard target. The score was tied by W. H. Tuy
lor of Pittsburgh and the Callfornlan duplicated
his tirst score In attempting to beat the Pitts
burger.
C W. Swain, secretary of the lone Rifle
C lub, sends sin account of some excellent
shooting by Dr. B. H. Foreman, one of
the new enthusiasts. On June 26, at the
lone range, he made on the Columbia
target ten shot scores, offhand . at 2\»>
yards, 61, 56, 61. 64. 70. 71. On July 3 he
made, under the same conditions, 51 57
63, 67, 72, 70, 77. On the last occasion the
doctor fired fifteen consecutive shots,
making a 47 1-3 average. This was done
with a 32-40 Winchester, 160-gram bullet,
nitro priming, bullet seated in shell. The
lone Rifle Club promises to turn out some
of the beat shots tn the Statf.
A number of riflemen in this part of the
State have been experimenting with ;l
new semi-smokeless powder that is giving
great satisfaction in the East. It is very
much "softer" than the ofil black powders
and does not "back up" with so much
vim. The "FF" grain gives better satis
faction, fouling less than the single "F."
Used with a nitro priming it shoots as
clean as the high-priced smokeless and as
evenly and strongly as the straight black.
The "FFFG" acts well in revolver shells.
There Is one thing that commends the
powder to rifle shooters— the manufactur
ers have not yet joined t"he powder com
bine. When shot straight, the ordinary
black powder primers can be used, but
with a nitro priming a nitro primer must
be used.
The military shots have learned with
regret and sorrow that poor old Corporal
Lew Townsend Is no more. A more en
thusiastic rifleman could not be found In
the State, and so dearly did he love his
old Springfield musket that he adorned
the piece as no gun ever had the honor of
being decorated before. The barrel was of
rich bronze and the stock and handle of
the cleaning rod were Inlaid with orna
ments and brilliants. Away back a quar
ter of a century ago he snot with some
of the best marksmen of that day, and
held his own, and it was rarely that he
missed attending the monthly class medal
contests of his company on the Shell
Mound range, even when so 111 that he
could hardly hold up his gun. His affec
tion for "his boys" was almost as great
as his love for his musket. He will be
sadly missed on the range.
M. J. WHITE.
FISHERMEN SEEK
THE GAMEY TROUT
Boca and the Upper Sacramento
Prove the Favorite Rendezvous.
An Oregon Stream.
The majority of the well-known fisher
men are now away on their annual vaca
tions and reports of excellent sport reach
this city from many points. At Boca
are such well-known wielders of the rod
as Eugene V. Sullivan, George Walker,
Jack Sammi, Al Oummtng, H. S. Skin
ner, John Slebe, Ai Wieland and M. J.
Geary.
James Chesley returned during the
week from Boca with a fine basket of
fish. One weighed flfty-three ounces and
proved the best of his catch.
W. F. Bogart has been enjoying the
sport at Boca, which is an old stamping
ground of his. Boca and the Upper Sac
ramento are from all accounts providing
the best sport at the present time.
A. Rose caught three good bass on the
Russian River recently. They averaged
thirteen inches in length and a pound
in weight.
Charles Huycka has been fishing the
San Gregoria and had good returns al
though those caught were chiefly small
flsh.
The anglers of this city have had
opened to them a new field recently in
the Pelican Bay district. Oregon. This re
some forty miles by stage from Ashland,
and is pronounced a paradise for fisher
men. Ihe flsh which are of the silver
trout species are from one to ten pounds
in weight and provide the most exciting
of sport.
J. W. Barnes leaves for the stream to
day, while G. XV. McGrew and family
went north on Wednesday last. G. W.
Wright and E. Langerman left at the
same time, making quite a colony of San
Franciscans in quest of the gamy trout.
DOVES AND DEER
REPLACE
THE CLAY DISKS.
The gun men, who ha»e been such ar
dent followers of trap-shooting for some
months past, have grown careless of the
sport recently and now await the open
ing of the shooting season with impa
tience. Deer and doves may be shot on
and after nrxt Friday, the iflth inst. All
indications are to the effect that there
Is game in abundance.
In the near-by counties of Alameda.
Marin and San Mated the birds exceed
in number thos« of any season in recent
years. These are said, however, not to
compare with the quantity of birds in
the district about Marysville, Wheatland
and Rio "V ista. The sportsmen of tho
metropolitan district lind their way there
annually and will be rewarded this year
with heavily laden game bags.
The small rainfall this season will, it
is < !ainu d. have a beneficial effect upon
doer hunting'- The small waterholes have
dried already and this will send the game
In droves to the larger streams. In other
years they have been scattered over a
wide area" of country and were difficult
to locate. As In the past. Mendoelno
County will be the objective point of the
majority of sportsmen. This is the home
of the "doer and is fairly teeming with
game. The majority of the shooters go
by way of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Coast Railway to I'kiah arid
thence by stage or private conveyance to
the haunts of the deer.
The favorite arm of the riflemen will
be of 30 caliber, shooting a soft pointed
bullet, and the rifles of 38-66 caliber.
Otto Frudner has just returned from a
visit to his home in Dixon. In the Putah
Creek district he saw dovea in endlesa
quantity and all plump and well grown.
Frank W. Fuller, who has for many
years made an annual pilgrimage to Men
iloclno County, may not be ablr- to go this
year owing to pressure of business.
The trap-shooting meetings scheduled
for to-morrow include the following:
Olympic Gun Club, Ingleslde. live birds;
Empire Gun Club. Alameda Point, blue
rocks: South End and Golden Gate Club
at Colma, blue rocks.
TENNIS TOURNAMENT
PROVES A FAILURE
LacK of Higb-Class Entries De-
tracts Froro the Annual Meet-
ing at San Rafael.
The championship tennis tournament
at San Rafael this year was singularly
devoid of interest. In former years there
was always a contest for the first place
in the tournament and even the prelimi
naries had a bright streak here and there
■which relieved the monotony of matches
played in desultory fashion. Sumner Har
dy Is now the champion player of the
coast in singles. George Whitney, who
held that title for the season of 1897-98,
failed to appear to contest with Hardy,
the winner of the tournament, and thus
forfeited the championship.
The one good match of the entire tour
nament was between Sam Hardy and his
brother, Sumner. The absence of Robert
,N. Whitney was a sufficient guarantee
that the championship would again re
turn to the Hardy family. After the de
feat of Sam Hardy by his brother thpre
was not a formidable opponent left for
Sumner. whose playing, during the latter
par.t of the tournament, was not a
shadow of its former self. The finals
were productive of as poor tennis as Is
usually seen in the ordinary tournament
in which the result is a foregone con
clusion. Holmes is one of the new play
ers and is as yet undeveloped. While he
give promise of becoming a first-Clasa
man he has not as yet reached that
standard. The poor quality of Sumner
Hardy's playing in the finals was due in
a great measure to the confidence which
he felt In ah easy victory. In the sec
ond set of the match Holmes won six
straight games, which was only possible
by the greatest laxity on the part of Har
dy. George Whitney was on the line
and at every stroke he regretted his In
ability to compete for the championship
honors. He had been playing: an excel
lent game up to the time he took 111. and
then he was forced to abstain from even
light practice. As it is. he surrendered
the cup and forfeited the honors that
went with it.
The tournament has done one thing in
the interest <>f thp frame. The younger
players of the Oakland and Alameda
clubs were out in force and many good
undeveloped men enjoyed the first "oppor
tunity to try their mettle in a champion
ship tournament. The two clubs from
across the bay are progressive and the
members of them ta.ko an interest in the
parno. But fVw of the California Club
players entered the tournament. This
club needs an infusion of new blood tode
stroy the sluggish circulation that now
marks its course.
Handball Players In Match Games.
Tho followers <>f the healthful game of
handball will bo out In force to-morrow.
A numt'tr of matcnes have been arranged
to be played bi P. Ryan's San Francisco
Handball Court. SSS Howard street. The
principal matches follow:
L. Waterman and E. McDonough vs. D. J.
Sheehan arul X. J. Prendergast.
.1. Kirby and E. Barry vs. J. Hogan and M
Klrby.
J. Howling and M. McClure vs. E. Curley
and M. Magulre.
J. Leonard and P. Hutchlnson vs. P. Ryan
and M. Baseh.
D. Rodders und L. Corraine vs. G. McDon
ald and M. McNeil.
J. Riordon and E. Maloney vs. M. J. Kll
gallon and P. Kelly.
J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton vs. T. F. Bon
net and R. I-lnehan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
At«S FA/;.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease/ overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are j restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
It 1 ' Pl ■Jit X cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. VAKMIOCKIiK, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of , the glands
treated Wit 2 unfailing success. fontn.
•jioji- blood j>oiw»>«» in any of Its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system. I j»» <J ics will receive special
attention for - 'I their many ailments
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge-
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L.
SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street. San
Francisco, Cal.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
Interstate Coursing Club Manager.
CHAMPION DOGS RUNNING!
TO-DAY. 1 P.M. TO-MORROW, II A. M
£% visit DR. JORDAN'S G~*t
tf%. Museum of Anatomy
JCSI HA22ZT ST. let. 6th 4 7tl, B. T. Cd.
B «JSa W The L»rge»iof Its kind In tin fTotld.
lml\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
BAIB Sk._ a f Cotnultatjon **«>• Write fbrß.ok .
Vi | Philosophy of Marriage.
* • MAILED FflCK.'.A GUN PLANT
FOR BENICIA
Senators Perkins and
Hanna Favor One.
ALSO A NAVAL STATION
THE SITE FOB, THE GUN PLANT
SELECTED.
The Matter Successfully Put on the
Road by the Efforts of
A. M. Speck of This
City.
A. M. Speck, real estate agent, has been
agitating for some time past the estab
lishment of a naval school and a gun
plant near this city, and has brought the
matt< ittention of not only the
Congressmen from this State but of Con
imen from other States In the Union.
H« % recently addressed a letter on this
subject to Mark Hanna, United States
Senator from Ohio, of which, letter the
following is a copy:
"We beg to call your attention to the
vast importance and necessity of that
which is appealing to every well thinking
man on the Pacific Coast at the present
time — the establishment of a naval school
-un plant and repository within the
immediate vicinity of San Francisco, Cal.
\s - believe it would create confidence to
capital and an everlasting benefit to our
State of California. Knowing your
inlluence and ability to present matters
of importance before the House of Rep
resentatives, on the successof which every
man in California would lend his praise
to your great name, I beg leave to re
main," etc.
Yesterday Mr. Speck received the fol
lowing reply:
"United States Senate,
"Washington, I>. C, July l, VSSS.
"A. M. Speck, San Francisco, Cal.—
Sir: Tour favor concerning the
Bed establishment of a naval
. ami gun plant in San Francisco
has been i • v ami noted. It is a mat
ter which must, of course, bo presented
through your [senators, with whom I will
. to co-operate in any way they
Truly yours, M. A. HANNA."
John Addison Porter, secretary of Pres
■ McKJnley, writes:
•'1 beg leave to acknowledge the receipt
r.f your letter of the 24th insL, the con
tents of which have l>een noted, and to
hay that by direction of the President It
■ en brought to the attention of the
tary of the Navy."
United 81 tor Perkins of Cali
writes: "I am in receipt of yours
ne 24 relative to the establishment
.: bi nool and pun plant, etc.. in
rnla. The naval training station, of
I have secured tho establishment,
will be pushed forward to a high degree
j as fast as money ran be ap
.\s to the other proposition, I
I !-*:ite that I have submitted the
sitlon of a gun plant at Benicia,
and BhaH at all times do all I can to pro
ni"t' 1 the development of the coast."
SPECIAL PRAYERS
OF THANKSGIVING
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S PROC
LAMATION BEARS FRUIT.
Bishop William Ford Nichols Author
izes Forms of Praise and Sup
plication for Sunday.
Pursuant to the proclamation of the
President of the United States, the fol
lowii 1 prayers are authorized
for use by Bishop Nichols for the con
gTegations under his charge, on Sun
day, July 10, in addition to the usual
special prayers and
thanksgivings in the "Book of Common
■ -r":
A PRATER FOR THE ARMY AND
XAYY.
0 Most Powerful and Glorious Lord
the Lord of Hosts, that rulest and
r all things: Thou Fittest in
judging right; and therefore,
we mi ■ our addr< B8 to Thy Divine Ma-
In this our necessity, that Thou ,
wouldsi take ti ir.to Thine own
Judge between us and our ene-
Btlr up Thy strength, O Lord, and :
help us. Be pleased to receive
and sracious protec
tion I ■ and men of our army and
• p rh»-m both outwardly in i
■ a and inwardly in their souls, j
they may I Fended from all dan- |
which may happen to the body, and
all evil thoughts which may assault
I .nt thr soul. ll J r<sorve them from
lence of the enrmy and from every
evil to which they may b<- exposed. Re
store them to us in safety, with a grate
•■ of Thy mercies, through
Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen.
FOR PEACE.
O God. by whose gracious providence
all things in heaven and earth are ruled-
Hear our prayers, we beseech Thee, and
■ in our time, that we and all
Christian people may praise Thy holy
in godly union and concord 1
through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Ami
The Bill Was Not Excessive.
The Finance Committee of thr> Super
visors met yesterday and decided to rec
ommend that a demand for $347<"> 41 be
drawn in favor of the Journal of Com
merce for publishing the delinquent tax
list. The riaim was made several weeks
ago that the bill presented by the Jour
nal of Commerce was excessive, anil two
•; priiitf-rs were appointed to took
ov< r it. They reported that the only dif
ference they could find between the com
putation made by them and the one mailn
•• paper was $18 75 In favor of the
city.
The Whistles Will Still Blow.
R. C. Woods, who, on behalf of sick and
nervous people, petitioned against the
blowing of steam whistles when volunteer
troops were arriving or departing from
the city, appeared yesterday before the
■li Committee of the Supervisors.
The committee decided to report back
tl at it w;ls 'Impossible by legislation to
inhibit patriotic citizens from displaying
their ardor in these times," and that there
relief until the exuberant feel
lngs of our citizens have had full expan
sion."
Public Administrator's Report.
Public Administrator Freese has filed
his annual report with the Supervisors.
It Fhows that the appraised value of the
estates ho had under control was
1710,828 G9; that funeral debts and family
to th" amount of J14.07S 54 were
paid out and that his fees and expenses
ne last fiscal year amounted to
5 -■< 99. He distributed $447,010 92 to the
• <>f the several estates, and has a
■• of $104,811 C 7 cash deposited in the
:' and city treasury.
A Midnight Blaze.
The alarm from box 51 last night was
for a fire in the two-story building at
307 and 309 Folsom street, owned and
occupied by J. B. Jardlne and used as
Jardlne-s Iron Works. The tiro started
& ,»•■, 111 1 ; 1 ! 1 ! 6 > to p'' and before it COUld
sinnn wM«« ed d ma e to the extent of
iTSiikntwn 0 " 6 - The cause ° the *>laze
Alice Rix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
A New Book on Athletic Training.
What is said to be the most comprehen
sive book ever published on the subject
of training for athletic competition has
Just been issued by the Outing Publish
ing Company. Its title is "Practical
Training for Athletics, Health and Pleas
ure." It is by Dr. Randolph Faries, at
tending surgeon, dispensary, University
of Pennsylvania. The author was for a
number of years the champion intercol
legiate mile "runner and was also a base
ball and football player of note.
The scope of the book is wide, going
deeply into all manner of races and with
chapters on exercise in general; stiffness
and Its treatment: bathing, rubbing, diet,
sleep, fatigue, overwork and injuries. The
book is profusely illustrated.
■ ♦ «
A Miner Turns Robber.
George Rogers, a miner 30 years old,
was arrested last evening by Sergeant
Helms and Officer Cavanaugh and charged
at the California-street station with
grand larceny. Alfred Williams, the com
plaining witness, claims that Rogers
robbed him of $sr> early yesterday morn
ing. The two men were in the Stockholm
saloon at the corner of Jackson and
Kearny streets when by means of offer
ing to make a bet Williams was led to
pull his purse from his pocket. Rogers
snatched the purse and made his escape.
A portion of the money and a new suit
of clothes was found on Rogers when
he was arrested, and as Williams posi
tively identifies him, the police think they
have a strong case against their prisoner.
■ ♦ ■
Children's Lyceum.
Articles of incorporation of the First
Children's Progressive Lyceum of San
Francisco, Cal., or Spiritual Sunday
school, were filed yesterday. The pur
pose of the corporation is to provide for
the erection of temples, lecture halls and
lyceums for the educational and ethical
training of children.
The directors are: TV. T. Jones. R. H.
Ely. C. H. Gilman, Mrs. M. C. Richard
son, E. H. Lehnlng, Mrs. E. W. Hriggs,
Mrs. A. E. F. Wads worth, George I.
Drew and Mrs. S. L. Drew, all of this
city.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
R. R. Reno, a traveling salesman, was
arrested at an early hour yesterday
morning and booked at the City Prison
in a charge of grand larceny. The com
plaining witness is C. M. A. Smith, a
guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Smith
alleges that Reno took from him two
checks of the value of $100, a $2 Canadian
treasury note, three Canadian GO - cent
pieces and %o SO. The two met in Vancou
ver and came to the city together on the
steamer Queen lnst Wednesday.
■ ■
Horseshoers in Open Competition.
The horseshoeing tournament which
will be held in this city shortly under the
auspices of the Mechanics' Athletic
Union, is attracting widespread attention
among men of that craft. P. W. Com
mins. president of the Horseshoers' Union
and William Toomey, the secretary, have
expressed themselves favorably regard
ing the competition. Efforts are being
made to match Frank O'Rourke and Mr.
Pyle, Eddie Graney's star workman. Tom
Carroll expects fifty entries for the tour
nament.
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
SHE SHOT A TEASING BOY.
Mrs, O'Connor. Wife of the Architect, Who Wounded
an 11-Year-Old Child With a Rifle.
Edgar Rheinhold, aged 11 years, was shot and seriously wounded yester
day afternoon by Mrs. P. J. O'Connor, an old woman, who lives at Green
and Lyons streets.
According: to the statement of the wounded boy he and several com
panions were standing on a hill In the rear of Mrg. O'Connor's residence
when the latter appeared and threatened to take a shot at them If they did
not disperse. As they paid no attention to her the woman suddenly dis
appeared, but returned In a few minutes armed with a 22-caliber rifle.
Raising the weapon to her shoulder, she pointed it at the boys and fired.
Young Rheinhold fell to the ground with an agonizing shriek, the bul
let having struck him in the left side of the neck and, ranging upward,
lodged in his head. His companions picked him up and by their united
efforts carried him to a place where they considered he was safe from fur
ther injury at the hands of Mrs. O'Connor.
Realizing that Rheinhold was seriously hurt, one of the boys went to
his home and procured a pillow, which he placed under the wounded lad's
head.
Failing to stop the flow of blood, his companions, becoming alarmed,
summoned Police Officer Peterson, who had the boy taken home. Dr. Laid
law was at once summoned, but on account of the dangerous nature of the
wound he considered it unwise to probe for the bullet.
Immediately after taking the unfortunate boy home Officer Peterson
returned to the scene of. the shooting and placed Mrs. O'Connor under ar
rest. She offered no resistance, and after being questioned by Captain Sey
mour she was taken to the City Prison and booked on a charge of an as
sault to commit murder.
To a reporter she said that she had not emerged from her home for
three years, having been confined to her bed by illness.
"For some time past," she tearfully remarked, "I have been greatly an
noyed by a gang of hoodlums, who Infest the neighborhood In which I live.
Last Thursday they entered my premises and created sad havoc among
the fruit trees In the rear of my home. My husband, who Is P. J. O'Con
nor, the well-known architect, gave me his riflo and told me to shoot any
member of the gang who attempted to rob our orchard again.
"When young Rheinhold and his companions started to throw stones
at our little home I first cautioned them, but as they persisted I got my
husband's rifle and, pointing it at them, threatened to shoot If they did
not desist.
"Just then another missile struck close to my head, and, becoming
angry. I raised the rifle to my shoulder and fired. I did not know that the
bullet had taken effect, as I fired at random, not Intending to injure any
of the boys. I am extremely sorry for young Rheinhold, as I did not In
tend to Injure him.
"It was not until the police officer visited my premises and 'placed me
under arrest that I realized that the shot had taken effect."
Late la«t night it was reported to the police that the boy was In a se
rious condition and likely to die.
TIIE SAN FItANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
OF HER GEMS
Serious Charge Against
George Reed.
MRS. GOOD HIS ACCUSER
THE "DARK MYSTERY" AGAIN
IN SERIOUS TROUBLE.
Drugged His Helpless Victim and
Then Relieved Her of Her
Property.
George Reed, who Is known to the police
as the "dark, mystery," was arrested last
evening and charged with grand larceny.
Last Thursday evening, it Is claimed,
Reed and another man whoso name the
police refuse to divulge were walking
along Market streei, wh.-n they met two
women, one of whom w:us Plumas Good,
a recent arrival from Victoria. Accord
ing to the latter" s story, Reed and his
friend accosted them and :nvited them to
go to an oyster-hous<- OH .'.tarket street.
They accepted the invitation, and after
reaching the place Reed, so it is claimed,
called for a bottle of wine.
Mrs. Good was given a drink of the
wine, whereupon she became dizzy, and
subsequently fell asleep. Her companion
and Reed's friend, she alleges, at once
left the restaurant. When she awakened,
some time afterward, her diamond rings
and a purse containing a few dollars were
missing.
Realizing she had been drugged she
staggered out of the restaurant and, meet
ing a policeman, told him of her experi
ence. A search was made for Reed, but
he managed to elude arrest.
Vi sterday morning Mrs. Good visited
ponce headquarters and swore to a com
plaint, charging Reed with grand larceny.
Last evening he was located in a saloon
on Market street by detectives Dillon and
Crockett and placed under arrest. Two
diamond rin^s which he stole from his
helpless victim were found in his posses
sion.
Mrs. Good Is convinced that Reed placed
a "knock out" drop in the wine which she
drank. She claims that she noticed him
take a white powder out of his pocket, but
thinking it was quinine she paid no atten
tion to him.
"The dark mystery" is well known to
the police. Several months ago he was ar
rested for stealing a gold watch from a
stranger on the Barbary Coast, but es
caped conviction through his victim's re
fusal to prosecute him. A short time
afterward ne was again arrested for rob
bing a stranger, but for some occult rea
son no effort was made to press the
charge against him.
Point Lobos Road Improvements.
The petition of the Richmond District
Improvement Association, requesting that
the Supervisors in the next tax levy in
clude an appropriation of $55,000 for the
bituminizing of Point Lobos avenue be
tween Central and First, was considered
yesterday by the Finance Committee of
the Supervisors. The committee favored
the. project, but inasmuch as that part of
Point Lobos road comes under the super
vision of the Park Commissioners the
matter of providing for the expenditure
remains with them.
LUTHERAN SYNOD IN SESSION.
Representatives From Several States
Attend the Conference.
The annual session of the California
and Oregon District of the Missouri Synod
is now being held at the Evangelical
Lutheran St. Paul's Church, corner Eddy
and Gough streets. It was ushered in by
a religious service Thursday evening at
which Rev. G. Runkel, the vice-president
of the district synod, whose home is in
Los Angeles, occupied the pulpit.
When yesterday's meeting was called
to order by the district president, Rev.
J. M. Buehler of this city, a number of
pastors, teachers and lay delegates from
California, Oregon, Nevada, Idaho and
Washington were reported present. The
president welcomed the members and
made his annual address.
After closing his remarks, a number of
committees were appointed, and the
president of the district laid before the
meeting four theses on "Our unshaken
faith in the eternal divinity of Christ
Jesus in opposition to the religious fickle
ness of our ago." Though these theses
could not be discussed yesterday morn
ing, they were read and in a general
way commented upon.
The afternoon session was given to the
discussion of an "Essay on Parochial
Schools," prepared by Rev. H. Bohl of
Nevada-
"WE ARE ALL FOR IT."
Attitude of California Statesmen on
the Nicaraguan Canal Matter.
The following letter from Stephen M.
White to Hugh Craig, president of the
Chamber of Commerce, dated Washing
ton, D. C., June 30, was received yester
day:
Dear Sir: Tours of the 30th inst., directed
to Senator Perkins, concerning the Nicaraguan
, Canal, has been submitted by him to the Cali
! fornla delegation. It is hardly necessary to
| urge us to active exertion in behalf of that
enterprise. V>e are all for tt. The commis
i sion appointed under the provisions of the act
lof Congress has not yet reported. The Senate
special committee, of which Senator Morgan is
I chairman, has reported in favor of the proceed-
I Ing. The evidence taken by that committee
: shnws a difference of opinion In the official
board as to the cost, extending; from $90,000,000
to $140,000,000. A number of prominent members
of both houses believe it is premature to legis
late until the report Is In. Moreover, then- are
many who think the canal should be absolutely
under Government control and it will be neces
sary to enter Into diplomatic negotiations with
the Central American States interested before
tne affair can be satisfactorily concluded. So
far us I am personally concerned I am desir
ous of forwarding the work, even though we
may not have the best proposition. I advert
to the foregoing facts to illustrate the difficul
ties of the situation. Yours truly,
STEPHEN M. WHITE.
Escaped From St. Luke's Hospital.
John W. Carrick. a clerk In the South
ern Pacilic Railroad Company's service,
was sent to St. Luke's Hospital yester
day ponding medical examination as to
his mental condition. The opinion of the
railroad authorities was that his mind
was somewhat effected from over work,
and ihat rest and medical treatment
would restore him in the course of a
few days. While in the hospital he broke
away from the nurse and left without
permission.
The police at the Seventeenth-street
station were notified of liis departure
with instructions to have him apprehend
ed and sent to the City Receiving Hos
pital when found. Carrick has red hair,
Is about five feet Bix inches in height
and is dressed In a gray suit, with a
derby hat.
THE "UNCLE IN CEYLON."
The "uncle in Ceylon" has for years
: past done yeoman service in the nar-
I ratives related by the "spielers" and
I "magsmen" of the city to their moneyed
■ dupes, but when a veritable native of
i the Indian isle fell into their clutches
! recently they hesitated to introduce
him, and accordingly trotted out his
] "understudy," the well-known Fijian
planter, who has left untold riches to
ibe divided among deserving persons
who will put £100, or more, into a hat
i held by two strange men in a back
■ parlor of a second-class hotel. Accord
; ing to the story — or rather one of the
stories — told by James Weerasnoha, a
Cingalese hairdresser, to the detectives,
the substitute failed to acquit himself
\ satisfactorily, so his heir and the in
; evitable other man propounded a fur
; ther scheme for the redistribution of
I the victim's wealth, and drugging the
liquor they succeeded in abstracting
£252 from Weerasnoha's belt and es
caping. This is the gist of the several
■ statements which the Cingalese made,
withdrew and modified during his
| cross-examination by the detectives,
! but as several of his statements have
■ been found to be incorrect they regard
; the greater part of his story with cau
1 tion. Weerasnoha has carried on a
business for some years at Mount Mor
! gan, Queensland, and arrived in Mcl
! bourne recently by the R. M. S. Orotava
ion his way to Ceylon. His loss will not
S prevent him continuing his journey. —
i Melbourne Argus.
SOUTH CAROLINA IN CONGRESS.
That was a remarkable speech Ben
Tillman delivered on South Carolina
when he addressed the Senate in eulogy
of his late colleague, Judge Earle. It
was a glance at the past, at the time
when South Carolina was ruled by a
few powerful families. They were of
the old South, and of them Horace
Greeley said after the war: "They
would not steal themselves, nor let any
body else steal." It was an oligarchy,
but it was virtuous and honest. It gave
South Carolina a cheap and pure gov
ernment; but it was a government of
the few and the powerful. Here are
some of the men South Carolina sent
to the Continental Congress: Bee, But
ler, Gadsden, Izard, Laurens, Motte,
Pinckney. Ed Rutledge, John Rutledge.
And here are the names of some of Ben
Tillman's predecessoi-s in the United
States Senate: Pierce Butler, Ralph
Izard, Charles Pinckney, Thomas
Sumpter, John Gailard Robert Y.
Hayne, John C. Calhoun, William C.
Preston, George Me Duffle, Andrew P.
Butler, Robert W. Barnwell, Arthur P.
Butler, R. Barnwell Rhett, James
Chestnut, James H. Hammond, M. C.
Butler and Wade Hampton. For one
hundred years these men ruled South
Carolina, and few States in the Union
could boast so much of that quality
which In men we call individuality as
South Carolina.— Louisville Courier-
Journal.
SMOOTHING DOWN THE OLD MAN.
"I have come," said the young man,
"to ask for your daughter's hand."
The proud banker gazed over his
glasses at the fellow and demanded:
"Well, have you any means of Bup
portlng her?"
"Alas! I am noor. But hear my
story."
"Go on."
"When I spoke to Claudia about
coming to see you she told me it was
useless — that her mother- was the man
of the house, and that I hod better go
to her. But I said, 'no. Your father
may permit your mother to think she
is the man of ihp house, just to humor
her but I have seen enough of him to
know that when a matter of import
ance comes up his stror- will must al
aways assert itself. His strength of
character may not be brought out by
little things, still ' "
"My boy," interrupted the old gentle
man, patting him on the shoulder, "I
have known all along that you were
not one of those ordinary persons who
are Incapable of understanding what is
going on in the world around them.
Take her, and you may always be
happy."— Tit Bits.
Havana's "cabbies" have little oppor
tunity to indulge in the practice so
common to those of other cities. The
lamp-posts of the Cuban capital are
painted in various colors — red for the
central district, blue for the second cir
cle, green for the third, etc. — and thus
the "fare" knows immediately when he
has passed a legal boundary, and pays
. accordingly.
UNIFORMS TO
BE WELL MADE
Women Will Contract
for Army Work.
A BLOW AT THE CHINESE
STRONG MOVEMENT STARTED
BY THE HOME HELPERS.
Soldiers' (iarments to Be Made by
Those Who Deserve This Em
ployment the Most — No
Coolie Labor.
A strong movement is now on foot to
take all the work of making soldiers'
clothing away from the Chinese and give
it to deserving white women, most of
them wives and relatives of those who
have gone to the front to light for their
country. This step is the outgrowth of
the anti-Chinese agitation in which Major
Long figured so prominently. It was
started In the office of the Labor Com
missioner and ably seconded by dozens of
worthy women and men interested in the
welfare of the community. The proposition
is to secure a factory and power where
soldiers' garments can be made and «> ef
fect this an association is about to be
organized. Already a suitable factory has
been found and power without limit prom
ised. Sewing machines have also been
promised at a rental that will be within
[ the reach of the promoters.
As soon as the suggestion was made La
bor Commissioner Fitzgerald and Deputy
| Green started out and in a short time they
i had the promise of some of the best citi-
I zens of the community to help the scheme
j along. Judge Morrow, who takes an ac-
I tiye interest in the good work of the Pa
■ triotic Home Helpers, promised to do all he
i could to help and he heartily endorses the
movement. Tirey L. Ford, of the same
I organization, is also enthusiastic. He
i says that the women whom the associa
tion is trying to help are not beggars and
do not want alms. All they want is a
chance to keep the wolf from the door un
til thtir natural supporters come back
from the front. Mrs. Helen Gray of the
Emergency Committee of the Women's
California Club has taken the keenest in
terest in the matter and will lend her sup
port and that of the club. Mrs. Har'.and
of the Home Helpers and Mrs. Flint are
also enrolled in the same cause, and May
or Phelan promises to help in any way he
CJin. One of the first to suggest the move
ment was a school teacher who says sh«
has at least 200 women who can be relied
upon to work in this line.
While the proposition of doing the
i work in a factory seems to be pleasing
to many, there are still others who, by
force of circumstances, will not be able
to leave their homes. These can take
I the work home, and when it is done can
I return it to those who have the con
| tracts. In the matter of contracts there
will be no trouble. According to the plans
! will be no trouble. According to the plan,
; at present, the association to be formed
i will enter into competition with those
i who have been doing the contracting.
This can be done, for those who have
had the cream so far have had a wide
margin to go on. For instance: For
| white duck trousers the Government has
been paying $4 80 per dozen. The con
■ tractors have had the work done by
Chinese for $1 50 per dozen and pocketed
the difference. The projectors of the
movement now on hand say that they can
compete with both contractors and Chi
nese and still make money for the de
serving white women, who should have
this work.
On next Wednesday evening there will
ibe a meeting of the Home Helpers ut
i Metropolitan Temple, at which this move
j will be thoroughly discussed and some
j thing done to help it along. It has been
I suggested! that instead of forming an as
| sociation at present some of the leading
i women can take out the contracts and
1 give out tho garments to those who are
to do the work, returning the same to
I the commissary department when it is
i finished. From all indications it is thought
! that the day of John Chinman'a fat mo
nopoly in the manufacture of soldiers'
clothing is nearly over.
German Lutherans.
At the German Lutheran session yester
day the president of the district took up
the theses prepared for the meetings, the
suhjtct under discussion being, "Our
: Faith in the eternal Divinity of Christ
: Jesus in opposition to the religious
j fickleness of our Age." The theses which
j on the day before had been merely read
\ and in general commented upon were
! then discussed.
The afternoon session was devoted to
' the essay "Parochial Schools" which had
: engaged the attention of the Synod on the
I foregoing afternoon. A joint meeting of
I the German Lutherans of San Francisco,
j Oakland and Alameda was announced fur
i Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock in St. Paul's
! church, corner of Eddy and Gough
! streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TWO GRATEFUL WOMEN
Restored to Health by Lydia B.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"Can Do My Own Work."
Mrs. Patrick Daneht,
West Winsted, Conn., writes :
•'Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — It is with
pleasure that I write to you of the
benefit I have derived from using your
wonderful Vegetable Compound. I \»«s
very ill, suffered with female weak-
; ness and displacement of the womb.
"I could not sleep at nigh had to walk
the floor, I suffered so with pain in my
Bide and small of my back. Was trou-
bled with bloating, and at times would
faint away; had a terrible pain in my
heart, a bad taste in my mouth all the
time and would vomit; but now, thanks
to Mrs. Pinkham and . her Vegetable
Compound, I feel well and sleep well,
can do my work without feeling tired;
do not bloat or have any trouble
! whatever. -v" V
"I sincerely thank you for the good
advice you gave me and ' for what your
I medicine has done for me."
■'■ :v^'\ : . . . . "• ■ ' ' V'"^-
Cannot Praise It Enough."
Miss Gertie Ditnkin,
Franklin, Neb., writes:
11 1 suffered for some time with pain-
i ful and irregular menstruation, falling
)f the womb and pain in the back. I
tried physicians, but found no relief.
•. v ' I was at last persuaded to try Lydia
E. . Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
cannot praise \it enough for what
ft has done for me. I feel like a new
person, and would not part with your
medicine. I have recommended it to
several of my friends."
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
T»dFr»* ■ Full Set of Teeth ;
' »«t \m I ~js/-. ■'•■■'■'■ extracting free $500 up ,
«* !^3n«C^T^ Oo\d. Crowns 22k $3 50 up
<S^IEr^SJl^T V - ; -; Filings ;---'- as cts. up
* •S^-jßH'^&Jc*^© Open^veninsts&Sundava
S\^Ei"m^T'^ VAN VROOM
>*tj^/rTt\N? Electro Dental Parlors
4» ir^Sr Sixth and Market
"-•. • ■ ■ - ■ Dr. Q.; W. Klelaer, Prop. :
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding """"'.th Any of the Fo!' ving Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass, Bending and Cutting;
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
fJrt'.stlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET. ~
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
!i:CM7A CDDIN4? Proprietor. Send for meas-
JUEJNZ.U MKI!>U ure blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion. 9 Geary St.. S. F. '
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
riVTF JCCrUIHini CD Hank, Office and Saloon
rlNKttjtnlNULtn, Fittings, 1309 Market
st. Telephone South 2C7. '•'--"'
" AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock FIT lID £f ft " Montgomery St.,
Auctioneers. nILLIT ttvU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM SCHOENING, Shipping trade supplied.
Will- blUUcNlrlU, C 39 Broadway street.
"~~~ BATHING SUITS.
fel^l> . 103 Post St.
1 Siwjf 1 /-f% X] Upstairs
iHj IB i/XAAvi/swrEetrnySt..
W»%r«V ** ™^^ 'k ..'r '-•;. HEAD-
KNItJ-INGCQ.- FRF R o ERS
bathing suits, sweaters.
PERFECT-FITTING
Silk, Woolen and Linen Mesh Underwear.
BELTINO.
LD ncfiCM Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. lltUcN, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Beltine and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50,: $65 and $75. Crescents, in Men's
and Ladles' $35. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street.
BOILER MAKERS.
=— -«* W. J. Brady's Patent
xjlß fH DETACHABLE
jJJ. 4* MUD DRUM
tfc^Bßffl^S-S?* for Steam Boilers,
a4£ ®«2SEg|y Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
! Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JTJ IUfnTXPFVPr Bookbinder and Printer,
, D. Illulri 1 1 422 Commercial street.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 186*.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Elyth, M*r.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and IS
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS, WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
: Mrs.M.H.OBER & CO. 3 gff l^ T ilbi
COSTUMERS.
GOLDSTEIN & CO., costumers: wigs; play-
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main 1615.
DENTIST.
DR- C- W- RICuAKuS) SE. corner Kearny.
DRAYAGE.
McNAB. & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
' REDINGTON & CO. gg s ss o ce n cc s nn t 5d5 do Te dd i s &n n i
fill fjfiii ißlii 'ffi W 1
One of the New York institutions which Reserves well of th«
public and Is receiving the appreciation that it merits, is The Home
Bureau Delicacies for the Sick, which has had out its sign at 15
West 42 d Street for several years. "This Bureau does not dispense
medicines," said the manager recently, "but we do hear frequent
discussions concerning the merits of remedies, and it seems to be
conceded that Ripans Tabules axe a reliable auxiliary to the physician.
Some of our patrons use them to a considerable extent, and physician*
assure us that the formula is excellent."
f^ Ohleheitcr's EagllsJi DUotoad Brand. -.-.
POUeheiter'* Eaglltli Diamond
EKNYROYAL PILLS
B* ./""fltttW"- Ortjrlnal itn<l Only Gcuntnc. A.
■■/WUryA Drags'lit for ChlcAutern English Dia-/fl&
ljf*fi3SftM&2\mnrul Brand in Kod and CcU cietalUc\\Nr
J^ — «sV£«}box£«, lealedwiai blue ribbon. Tnke Vw
t^l *J4» 11 ! 0 "'her. Bcfutt dang eront ruiititu- v
■ ■ I / "~ . ffP tians and imitations. At Drogi;ist«, oricndla,
I i« 'tampi for partioalarf, testimonials and
VV* iEy " Kellef for Latlle*," <" letter, bj rrtara
m^K^_^.f/ Mali. 10,000 TfJttmoolali. jTaex faptr.
Bold by all Loral ilUfliU .:'..-,. ■' " " • '• V., I'iT
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
Colored Spots, Aches, Old ; bores, Ulcers
In Mouth, ilalr-Falllng! Write COOKKKM-
EDYCO., till MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-
CAGO,*. ILL., : for proofs of cures. ' Capital Xl
M $600,000. - Worst cases cured la 14 to 36 days. .
8100-pag-o book froo. ■- t «
HBhHbhmHHHHIHHBHHI
EYES EXAMINED.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY, .
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods. 14 and 16 Kear:.y street.
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN £• SON.
407-403 Montgomery st. '• '
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RfIYFS & fft Shipping Butchers. 103
JAP' DUIE3 g WU., clay. Tel.. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
VATIftVAT Flour Mills. J. Martenstein * Co.
n/UIVHALr s.W. cor. Battery and Pacific st».
HARDWARE.
DAL ACE Hardware Co., Importers & Dealers
j * in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St.. S. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton fi Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castincs of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutter St..
San Francisco. Telephone Main 317.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons in bottle*
and cases. L. G. Sresovlch Co., 521 Sansome st.
MARINE INSURANCE.
i SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
SYZ A CO., Agents,
101 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFPVHiDn Mattress Co., 642 Mission
I IIC DLKmIAKU st. Telephone Main 1674.
OPTICAL GOODS.
TT lIWIIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUIMII* full IS-k. "Wedding Rings, 4 3d st.
PAPER DEALERS.
W!l I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
VVILLMiFILI IE 72.: Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Larsest Stork.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
Fftfl llfAgency. Reloading, developing, print-
IVUI/Aflißg. T. P. Andrew*. 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBBEN & CO..
HEAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic T> A DTD BFir^F 7 3OG Call-
Codes. r/\K 1 KlLJljUfornlaSt,
SEWING MACHINES.
( (nniirPTin)! Pre-eminently the machine for
UUnl!.OilU family use. 1021 Market street,
■•/■ near Sixth.
SOAP.
Gn I FTrV X- f A 123 California street.
• A, LLWI a VU,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, gSggrJSfct^
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms Pit 1C DI ICC Claus Spreckelß
407.408 409, 410 vllAj DLI iiIJK.. 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
£>ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office 31S Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Howe Industry
House, 508 Clay st.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer . of
carriages, buggies, etc. ; repairing • done la
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
12S Spear st. : tel. M^in 295.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
j General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 191*.
It
! ||j^ir INJECTION. J !
I; A PERMANENT CURE I
J i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i [
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6.J..
I [ days ; no other treatment required. . 5 .
I 1I 1 Sold by till druggists. ' . C
t*^■MJtJttetA ». m Blsr 6is a non-po!sonotw
*^JBy^^^^h?l remedy- for Gonorrhea,
'-'-vGp^uCltEtt^Kgg gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
/fSRM'ia l tosj»jt.^|l Whites, unnatural ilia-
JfjFW Qu»r»nt<-i B <-li-irgc<), or any inflanirim-
H«k9 do! to itrtcture. liou, irritation or uiccra-
y ta -*aPreTeta ooataglou. tloa cf mucous n»em-
ByZITHEEvASSCHEMirii Ho. branes. Non-astringeut.
mAoiNCINNATI.O HRO S ° ld by Wpa «3rl»in,
v^i^^. U. 3. a > ig^or sent In plain wrapper,
v^Qßh^,. " \ASP\ I by expresßj Prepaid, for
vBMhSF3>H $1.00, .or 3 bottles, $2.73.
■» ■ Oircmar wnt on r«iu<at.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Silver a fraction off.
Wheat futures rather firmer.
Barley steadier.
Oats steady. Corn and Rye dull.
Slight improvement in Hay. Feedstuffs un
changed.
Beans about the same.
Potatoes doing better. Onions unchanged.
Butter advanced again.
Errs rather firmer. Cheese unchanged.
Poultry In better shape.
Peaches continue to advance. Apricots firm.
Dried fruits dull.
Provisions in fair demand.
Wool, Hops and Hides quiet.
Hogs recovered firmness. .
Grain bags weak and quiet.
Increased exports of specie.
THE WOOL TRADE.
The clrculnr of Jacob Wollner snys of 'Wool:
•'The balance of the wool? at the Uklah sale?
with the exception (if two or three lots, and
also nt th>> Cloverdale sales which w-f-re hekl
the 1st anfl 2d lnsts.. were sold at from 14c to
16c The local market is a little more animated
as there are several buyers in the market. Home
foothills and northern wools are selling at
prices from 13c to 15V*c. Other wools are neg
lected.
"From the East the report is of a still quiet
market, with the outlook summed up as fol
low;-: 'Taking both the inactivity of the
mills and the excessive firmness of the grow
ers into account, the outlook for the wool
dealers is not quite so clear as they might
wish. The trade is practically unanimous in
believing that wool will eventually go to much
higher prices, but they are far from being
agreed that this end will be reached in the
Immediate future. Many do not look for any
Improvement worth the name before fall, and
BOrne profess that they do not expect a rushing
business before the tlrst of next year. But
even if this last prediction should turn out to
be correct, the more sober-minded among the
trade would not bo surprised. The market har
experienced at least three months' dullness,
■with the chance that It may have several
months more of the same thing before it. but
that Is really just what many persons BOW
say they expected. Before the new tariff went
Into effect it was quite generally anticipated
that It would take a long time (some said
two rears) to work thn market up to the Im
porting point. Nobody dreamed thiit such pro
gress would be made in accomplishing this end
as was witnessed, say December 1. 1897. The
ndvame was too rapid. The consuming public
have n^t yet been able to meet it. but they
nre making progress In that direction, and this
Is what is keeping wool so firm despite the long
period of dullness.'
"At the I/onilon pales now In progress the
market Is firm, with prices advancing, with
no wools taken for American account."
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of gold coin at San Francisco
for the first six months of the year was as
follows:
Paid for duties $3.03:1.200
Exported 1'J.672.800
Withdrawn $22,706,000
Coined January 1 to June 30 27.095.500
Added to local circulation $4,332,500
In 1597 there was a loss to local circulation
of $7,555,900 for the first six months.
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of ppecle from this port during the
first six months of the year were $23,417. r<22.
ntainst Pi.0tt.971 fir the same time In 1837
end Included $1,188,062 in silver bullion, $1,144.
332 In Mexican dollars. $75, 9«2 In silver coin, I
$1'.),672.509 in gold coin and $220,01>0 in currency
and bunds.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal revenue collections In this district
during the first six months of the year were j
- acalnpt $1,261,902 for the p.ime time in i
18 ; and included $353,899 from beer, $377,016
from spirits and $: .504 from cigars and to- j
bacco.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, July ft, E p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka, 68; Fresno. 100; boa Angeles. 80; Red
Bluff. :*6; Independence, 8G: San Diego. 72; Sac
ramento, M; San Luis Obispo. 76; Yuma, 108.
Pnn Francisco temperature: Maximum, 61; !
minimum, 61; mean. aC.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen slowly over Southern :
Idaho and Northwestern Nevada. It has re- i
mained nearly stationary on tne Pacific Coast, j
An area of high pressure lies over Vancouver I
Island.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary over the entire country west of the Rocky ;
Mountains. In California the temperatures are :
nearly normal. j
Light showers are reported at Baker City, I
Canon City, Independence and Idaho Falls.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 9. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; south
erly, changing to fresh westerly winds.
Pouthern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
West* :ty winds.
Nevada -Cloudy Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday; cooler extreme north.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francipf-o and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
southerly, changing t., hri=k westerly wind.
. il report fmni Mount Tamalpals, taken '
at :, p. m. — Clear: wind southwest. 12 mllfs per
hour; temperature, 80; maximum. 69.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official, j
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July B.— To-day the stock
market must still be described as dull, though
the volume of transactions somewhat exceeded
that of yepterday. There was still no marked
evidence of outside interest and the list was
by no means a broad one, although many re
cently inactive stocks were brought forward
Into the active list. There was, however, a
steady and quiet absorption of the standard
railroad stocks without ostentatious effort to
advance prices. The Vanderbilts were con
spicuous and the buying, especially of New
York Central, was large and confident. Penn
sylvania also advanced sharply. The coalers
were an exception to the strength at th«
start, not only on the general depression known
to exist on the anthracite trade, but also of
deei> cuts In the selling price of coal and of
prospects of a conflict of rates. In the final
hour the bears raided the coalers for the pur
pose of unseating the advancing tendency in
th.> market. Prices in the group crumbled
away without much resistance, Reading first
preferred losing over 4 points. New Jersey Cen
tral 3 points. This had little effect in the gen
eral list, scarcely any stock losing over V 4 and
part of this was recovered before, the close,
which was remarkably firm In the face of the
Flump in coalers. Much was heard in Wall
utreet of the prospects of an early peace and
even more was made of this by the London
speculators. There was quite an urgent de
mand In the market for London account.
There was a good business done in railroad
bonds at higher prices. Total sales, $2 670 oofl
United States new 4s advanced \i in thi
bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 234, R(V)
shares. Including: .7727 Atchison preferred, 3450
Canada Southern. 15,210 Burlington. 9745 C C
C". & St. L., 3490 Louisville and Nashville, 10 -
240 Manhattan. 15.450 Rending preferred. 5610
New Jersey Central. 13.M0 New York Central
E6S2 Northern Pacific. 3530 do preferred 2100
Reading. &332 Rock Island. 7276 St. Paul. 7354
St. Paul and Omaha, 5070 Union Pacific pre
ferred. 7250 American Tobacco. 9620 People's
Gas. 18.530 American Sugar, 7615 Rubber, 3090
do preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13',iiSt P & Om 79
Do prefd .",.t> i i Do prefd 152
Baltimore & Ohio 14% St P. M & M 155%
Canada Pacific .. M So Pacific 19%
Canada Southern. 54% So Railway 8% i
Cent Pacific 13% Do prefd 30% <
Ches &■ Ohio 23 Texas & Pacific.. 12% i
Chi & Alton 160 Union Pac prefd. 60>/i
Chi » & Q.. 106% UP D■& G....... 6%
Chi & E 111 56% Wabash 7
C C C & St L.... 4;V \ Do prefd 19
Do prefd*.. ...... 86% Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson — 105 Do prefd g%
Del L & W 150 Express Companies-
Den & R 0 12 Adams Ex 89
Do prefd .:...... 50% American Ex 128
Erie (new) 13% United States .... 40
Do Ist prefd — 35% Wells Fargo 116
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd 128% A Cot Oil 214
Hocking Valley... 6% Do prefd 741/
Illinois Central .. 106 V« Am Spirits 13%
Lake Erie & W.. 14% Do prefd 36
Do prefd 70 Am Tobacco 122 4"
Lake Shore 187 Do prefd 125
Louis & Nash 53% People's Gas ..... 99%
Manhattan L .... 105% Cons Gas ........ 200%
Met St Ky.. ...... 159 Com Cable C 0..... 176
Mich Central .... 106% Col F & Iron 22
Minn & St L 28% Do nrefd 90
Do Ist prefd.... 89 Gen Electric ..... 39%
Mo Pacific 35% Illinois Steel 57%
Mobile & 0hi0... 25 Laclede Ga5.....' 60
Mo X & T 11% Lead 3414
Do prefd • 34% Do prefd ........ 107
Chi Ind & L 10 Nat Lin Oil ...;.. 16
Do prefd ........ 30Vi Pacific Mail ..... 29
N J Central 90 Pullman Palace... 210
NT Central US'* Silver Certificates 58%
NY Chi & St L. 13% Stand II & T..... 5%
Do' lst prefd — 67 Sugar,. .'.. 132
Do 2d prefd.... 3f> • Do prefd 113%
Nor West .... 14 T C & Iron 25
No Amer Co. 6% V Leather 7%
No Pacific. 29% Do prefd .. 661,4
Do prefd 70V4 US Rubber 25%
Ontario &-.W 15 Do prefd ........ 90%-
Or R & Nay......-49 West Union ...... 92%
Or Short Line..... 28% Chi & N W...... 127%
Plttsburg ....170- Do prefd........ 171
Reading 17% St L & S W...... 5
Do Ui prera.... 42% Do prefd 11% ,
Rock Island 96%|RGW 2(5*4
St Louis & S F.. 7% Do prefd 66
Do Ist prcfd.... 61% Haw Com Co 24
Do 2d prefd.... 29»i|Chi G W 14%
St Paul . 99% Brooklyn H T 65%
Do prefd 149 |
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 125% X J C 5a.... 112
Do coup 125 N Caollna 6s 125
D S 4s 11% Do 4s 101
Do coup 111% No Pac lsts 115
Do 2ds ....95 Do 3s 63%
U Sss reg 113% Do 4s 97%
DO 5s coup 113% N' V C & St L 4s. 10."i%
District 3.65s .... 116 Nor & W 6s 122%
Ala class A 107% Northwstrn cons. 142%
Do B 100 Do deb 5s 118
Do C 90 O Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay 4s ...'96%
Atchison 4s 94% O S Line 6s tr.... 126
Do adj 4s 68% O S Line 5s tr.... 104%
Can So 2ds. 10.1 Pacific Gs of 95.. 101%
Chi Term 4s S6 Reading 4s ....... S3
C & Ohio 6s 114% It G W 15t5....... 89
C II & D 4%5.... 104% -t L & I M C ."is. 97
D& R G lsts 108 St L&S F G 6s. 117
D & It G 4s 92% St P Con 143
East Term lsts.. 104 St PC & P lsts. 117
Erie Gen 4s 73% Do 5s US
F W & D lsts tr. 74% So Ry 5s 93-%
Gen Elec 5s 103 Stand R& T Is.. 70
G II &S A 65.... 105 Term new set 3s. 91%
Do 2ds ...1 IC2 T & Pac L G Ist*. 106
H&V Csf 110% Do Rg 2ds 40%
Do con bs 11l Union Pac 4s — 9G%
lowa C lsts 101 D PD & G lets. 63%
La new cons 45.. 101 Wall Ist 55.... 110
LA: N Unl 45.... BSVi Do 2ds 86%
Mlsourl 6s 100 WShore 4s lOSVi
M X & T 2ds 64% Va Centuries ... 71
Do 4s 89% Do deferred ... 04
N V Central lsts. 115%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point OllOphir 19
Con Cal & Va. .. 35 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 10 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 05 Do prefd 200
Hale & Norcross. 35 Sierra Nevada ... 30
Homestake 45 00 Standard 160
Iron Silver 73 Union Con 10
Mexican 07 1 Yellow Jacket .... 05
BOSTON.
BOSTON, July B.— Atchlson, 13%; Bell Tele
phone, 274: Burlington. 106 1 ,;.: Mexican Central,
{%; Pan Diego, — ; Oregon Short Line, — ; B.
and M.. 207.«!; B and 8.. 24H: Parrott, 22.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. July B.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrowy will say: Narrow trans
actions and lrregularitv have again distin
guished the week's speculation. The market
opened last Tuesday after the prolonged holi
day buoyant on the news of the destruction
of the Spanish fleet at Santiago. London sent
hipner prices and bought, but the traders here
found that the outside -übllc was still indiffer
ent and realizing ensued which carried prices
down after the first ten minutes. On Wednes
day the tone was heavy and dragging and on
Thursday there was a revival of strength under
the lead" of the Vandexbilt trunk line shares.
Friday developing strength in the early trans
actions on peace rumors was followed by dull
ness and declines In the coal stocks.
Dealing in the stock list has been restricted
to an extent beyond what seasonable mid
summer dullness would produce. The stamp
tax on sales, while it is Impossible to say
that it has checked public trading, has cer
tainly checked the activity of manipulators
and board room traders, who have been ac
customed to make a great many contracts In
order to obtain a minimum of profits, which
latter the war tax of $2 on each 100 shares
would seriously reduce. There Is a somewhat
more settled feeling about the crops, but on
the other hand rate cutting is admitted to be
very prevalent and the railroads suffer from
the fact that the heavy movement of grain to
market is over. Consequently some prominent
roads, notably the St. Paul, have shown small
decreases In gross revenue for the past two
weeks. London bought stocks at the opening
of the week, but then showed marked indiffer
ence to this market until Friday, when peace
rumors again brought it In as a buyer.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, July S.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: Peace pros
pects have strengthened the markets here, more
especially Americans and Spanish bonds, but
there is very little doing.
Newa of the financial crisis In Chile caused
a sharp fall in Chilean bonds to-day, while Ar
gentines were .listinctly stronger.
There have been n-> further g. ild withdrawals
from th-- Hank of England, but £1600 which
arrived from Australia was bought up in the
market for export to Germany.
The coming India rupee loan will be only
£1,200,000 Instead of £3.000,000. as estimated,
and naturally a good effect has been produced
on rupee i-uper.
Spanish fours closed at 34H
PARIS, July B.— Spanish fours closed at
34.60.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 88%; Grand Trunk, 8H; bar
silver steady, 27 l-16d per ounce; money, V 4
per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July B.— FLOUR—
17,510 barrels; exports, 10,983 barrels. Market
had better Inquiry and steadier undertone.
" WHEAT— Exports. 177,241 bushels. Spot, firm;
No. 2 red, 91% cf. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady and later developed considerable
strength, particularly on near months, which
reflected scarcity of cash property and light
Western receipts; closed %@3c higher; No. 2
red July S3 I ,j'&Ssc, closed 85c; September, 72Vi
@74 7-16 c, closed 73% c.
HOPS— Steadier.
•WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— Metal market was sadly neg
lected In all departments t#-day, with the
undertone barely steady with the single ex
ception of Lead. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIGIRON— very dull; $6 50 bid and
$6 65 asked.
LAKE COPPER— DuII; $11 75 bid and $11 87%
asked. '■>-'£".' ■
TlN'— Lower and unsettled; spot, $15 60, Bell
ers.
LEAD— Unchanged and firm, with $4 02% bid
and $4 07% asked. The firm naming the set
tling price for leading miners and smelters at
the West quotes Lead at $3 80.
SPELTER— DuII and nominal, with $4 75 bid
and $5 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 points higher. Sales, 1250 bags, including De
cember, $5 87. Spot— Rio, dull and nominal;
No. 7 invoice, 6&c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%C. Mild-
Inactive: Cordova. BV4©lsc.
SUGAR— Raw. dull, but steady; fair refining.
3%c: centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c. Refined— Steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8000 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 14%@17c; Elgin, 17c.
Receipts, 3900 packages. Firm; West
ern, 12'/2igl3c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July B.— California Dried
Fruits firm, but quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@Sc;
prime wire tray, B%c; choice, B\@9>4c; fancy,
i 9%c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8H@10c; Moorpark, 10@
12e.
PEACHES— ITnpeeled. S«JSc; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July B.— For some time past
wheat has had alternating days of weakness
and strength, with as much regularity as an
Intermittent fever patient. To-day was no ex
ception. Heavy rains In the Southwest and
the continued light receipts strengthened prices
at the start. The general returns from the
threshing of wheat as reported from the coun
try to Chicago commission houses was Indica
tive of a very moderate yield. Added to this
there were a good many apparently well
founded crop damage reports, which started *
shorts covering. There was not much wheat
for sale and the sharp competition advanced
prices. The movement of new wheat was still
j-mr.ll and the demand for old somewhat preps
ing. Foreign markets were easier. July clused
H«c higher and September gained Hlß\c.H l B\c.
The strength in wheat did not help the price
of corn, except in the way of assisting the
bulls to maintain It around yesterday's closing
price. The clone was unchanged.
Oats displayed moderate strength in sym
pathy with wheat, but the close was unchanged
from yesterday.
High prices for hogs at the yards, an ndvaiv>
in lard at Liverpool and a good cash demand
started provisions strong, but the market .sank
Into repose on the free selling by packers. Purk
and ribs lost 5c each and lard closed 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— , >
July 76% 79 78% 77%
September 65% 65% . 68% 63%
December 68% 69% 68% 69
Corn No. —
July 32% 32% 32V* 32%
September 32% 33 ' 32% 32%
December 33%. 33% 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
July 22% 23 22% 22%
September 20% 20% 20% 20V»
May 23% 23% 23 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July .... 9 85
September .........10 10 10 10 9 92% 10 00
Lard, per 100 lbs — ■.■'
July 5 52% 5 52% 545 545
September.. ..5 60 5 60 5 50 5 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— .'-'-.. ~?J?
July .................... .... .;.. 6 55
September ...5 65 5 65 6 65 5 57%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and easy; No. 2 spring wheat.
80c; No. 3 spring wheat, 75@S0c; No' 2 red 87c-
No. 2 corn, 32%p32%c; No. 2 oats. 23% c; No 2
white, 26c;-No. 3 white. 25% c; No 2 rye iifl
48% c; No. 2 barley. 31@35c; No. 1 flax 'seed,
Jl 01%: prime timothy seed. %2 57%;- mesa pork,
per barrel, ; J9 55(??9 90; lard, per 100 . pounds
$."> 27%<fi5 30; short ribs shies - (loose), $5 I7Ufj
5 65: dry salted shoulders * fboxed),-.4%(54%c
short clear sides (boxed). $5 855J6 05. v "■; •'
Articles- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ;,800 7,090
Wheat, bushels 30 COO
Corn, bushels 169.100 Ifisiooo
Oats, bushels 116.500 40 200
Rye, bushels 2.800
Barley, bushels 3,700 " 800
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
market was firm; Creameries,' 134i§'16c; Dairies,
ll©l3c. ' Eggs, firm; fresh, ;10%c.---c •'
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis .. 30.030 47.300
Duluth ...:...'. 2,257 " 93.069
Milwaukee . 3,250 " -. ;
Chicago 30,136
Toledo .' 5,080 3.800
St. Louis 20,000 5,000
Detroit :.... :. 4.000 409
Kansas City •> 12.500 10,500
Totals ..... 77.117 . 190,214
Tidewater —
Boston 17,860 41,264
New York 177.241
Philadelphia 7.Q : 747
Baltimore ....:. 11,820
New Orleans .........'.. .......
Galveston 3,850 .......
Totals 33.630 219.252
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat • July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 54 50 45 95
Closing .... ■ .....
Flour —
Opening ......24 80 2125
Closing | ....;
LIVERPOOL FUTURES..
July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 511 58%
Closing .......6 7% 5 11% 5 9
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., July S.— Warehouse men
In the Interior are trying to get rid of the
old wheat In their warehouses In order that
they can take care of . the .new wheat coming
on, and accordingly there are a few good
sized lots offered. Quotations are unchanged.
Cleared— British ship Forest Hall for Queens
town, with 116,713 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. July S.— Harvesting Is un
der way under perfect conditions. Quotations
unchanged. Club. 60c; Blue Stem, 63c.
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, July B.— CATTLE— Buyers failed
to take hold of cattle freely to-day and prices
ruled weak to a shade lower. Choice steers, $5
(ft' 6: medium, $4 6694 75; beef steers, $4<f?4 50:
stoekers and feeders. $3 25<f?4 75; bulls, $3i??4 20;
row* and heifers, $3 15@>4; canners, $2 sO<§3 10;
calves, fStt&l; Western steers, $4 20Hj5 16,
HOGS— There was a rise of SifilOc In hogs on
the meager supply. Fair to choice, $3 95<f?4 10;
packers, $3 Sn<i?3 95; butchers', $3 85(fi4 05;
mixed, $3 Ss@3 97; lights, $3 70@3 97; pigs, $3 70
<g'3 80.
SHEEP— Notwithstanding the light supply of
sheep prices were 10©15 c lower. Native sheep,
$3 ;.o@s; ewes. $3 66@4; rams, $2 25®2 60; spring
lambs, $4<§6 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 5000; Hogs, 22,000; Sheep,
7000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. July B.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2100.
Market steady to strong. Native beef steers,
$4fi4 95; Western steers, $3 %fti 60; cows and
heifers. $3 f>o@4 40; stockers and feeders, $3 "iifr
4 80; calves, $4 50@5; bulls and stage, $2 75@
4 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 5300. Market 10c higher.
Heavy, $3 85Q3 P2: mixed. $2 Ssf<i3 87; light. $3 80
«g3 86: bulk of sales. $3 Ssfi3 87^.
SHEEP— Receipts, 100. Market steady to
easier. Fair to choice natives, $3 60@4 50; fair
to choice Westerns, $3 50@4 40; common, $3 25@
4 25; lambs, $4 2."<i?6.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, July B.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000. Best grades steady; others weak. Native
Fteer3, $3 75(n5 25; native cows and heifers, $1 50
(<;i 9«; stockers and feeders, $3 30(?f5; bulls, $2 75
@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 12.000. Market o<Qloc higher.
Bulk of sales. $3 s<Mi>4; heavies. $3 90@4 10:
packers. $3 75ff3 95: mixed, $3 55«4: lights, {3 43
(53 f.O: yorkers. $3 70g3 75; pigs, $3*?3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3'"K)O. Market steady.
Lambs, $3 60@fi 25; muttons, $3@4 65.
DENVER.
DENVER. July S— CATTLE— Receipts. 800.
Market steady to strong; beef steers $4@4 70;
cows. $3fi4: feeders, freight paid to river, $3 90
("4<*<>; stockers, do, $4©5; bulls, and stags, $2 50
til.- e6.
HOGS— Receipts, 2rn. Market strong and 10c
hlrher; light packers, $3 70® 3 SO; mixed, $3 Ss@
3 87: heavy. $3 75«3 90.
SHEKP— Receipts, none. Market firm; good ]
fat muttons, $3 6Cfr4 SO.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
Porter Bros.' Company sold to-day at open
auction California fruit at the following prices:
CHICAGO. July B.— Pears— Bartlett, $1 BIXS2 3.">
per box and BficQ's2 25 per half box; Colonel
Wliders, Ssc per half box. Prunes— Tragedy,
•1 l"'il 65 per crate. Plums— Peach. $.(31 40 per
single crate: Burbank, 65e<??$l 40 per single
crate and Ksßoc per box: Abundance, 80c5f$l;
clyman. SSiffMc: Royal Hative. 80c. Apricots—
Royal, Trie 1 ?? $1 25 per single crate. Peaches—
Hale's Early, 35e<S$l per box: St. John, i: . ■
tier box and 85cfl$l 30 per single crates; Deck
er. 83c; Brlggs' Early May, 50c. Cherries— Royal
Anne. lOWSOc; Republican, 45@G0c.
NEW YORK, July B.— Karl Fruit Company's
auction sales of California fruit: Tragedy
Prunes — Ssctfsl 50; average, $1 21. Plums —
I'eai'h. $1 0691 86; average. $1 31: Royal Ha
tive. 75fi90c; average, 80c; Hate's Early peach
es. SOcigll 20: average, 94c: Royal Apricots. 66c.
("hepries — He]iubllcan. G9crfz>s2 05; average, $1 30:
Royal Anne, 65c® $1 20; average, 83c. Fifteen
cars sold.
MONTREAL. July B— Bartlett Pears. $3 80
Tragedy Prunes— sl 70®2 30; average, $1 88.
Plums— Peach. $1 9Ofa2 45; average, $2 16; Bo
tan, $1 2ftf:2 10; average, $1 88; Ognn, $1 89;
Burhanks. $1 70^2 30; average. $1 97; Royal Ha
tive, $1 36. Peaches— Hales Early, S9c; Impe
rial, boxes. 99c; crates, $1 05; St. John, 95c;
Moorpark Apricots. $1 f3.
PHILADELPHIA. July 8— Tragedy Prunes—
$1 82. Plums— Burbank, $1 15@1 60; average,
$1 43; California Red. $1 76: Mikado, SI 41;
Abundance, $1 22: Peach, $1 65. Cherries-
Royal Anne, fiOtfr&Oc; average, 73c; Republican,
COc; Royal Apricots. 85c<S$l 40; average, $1 12;
St. John Peaches, $1 01. Three cars sold.
BOSTON, July 8— Peaches— lmperial. SOci??
$1 25; average. $1 05; St. John, $1 16; Hale's
Early, 6">casl 16; average. 95c. Five cars sold.
CHICAGO, July B— Tragedy Prunes— sl 29.
Plums— Burbank. $1 09; Ogon, $1 25; Peach,
$1 20; Purple Duane. $1 05. Peaches— Hales
Early, 56c; St. John. 71c; Bartlett Pears, half
boxes, 75c. Twelve cars sold.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, July B.— The attendance was very
large at the wool auction sales to-day. The
offerings numbered 13.599 bales and consisted
of a good selection of New South Wales and
Queensland medium greasy merinos and Vic
toria combing. These wools were strongly com
peted for' by the home trade and continental
. buyers at • satisfactory prices. • Scoured ■ also
Fold briskly. The German representatives were
more active to-day. The sale Is scheduled to
close on the 19th. The following are the sales
in detail:
New South Wale«. 3500 bales; scoured, 10d@
Is 6.1; greasy, 6Uds7ilod.
Queensland, 700 bales; . scoured. Is 2Ud@ls
s'^-d: greasy, Bd@B%d.
Victoria. 1400 bales; scoured, Bd<fls od;
greasy. 6d@lld.
South Australian, 200 bales; scoured. 10d@ls
4d: greasy. 6%d<37Hd.
Tasmania. 300 bales; greasy, 6^id<jj9%<J.
New Zealand. "000 bales; scoured, 7%d<gls
4^-d: greasy. CdfiioVtd.T ■.; ..:::
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 400 bales;
scoured, B%d@ls 3d; greasy, 6V4d@Bd.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. July B.— Consols, 111%: Silver,
27 l-16d: French Rentes, 103 f 25c.
LIVERPOOL, July B.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 435;: cargoes off
coast, distant positions In demand; cargoes on
passage, very little doing; English country
markets, firm; Wheat In Paris, quiet; Flour. In
Pnrts. quiet. .
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16 d.
CLOSING. V
. CORN— July, steady, 3s lHd; September,
steady,' 3s 3d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet: July, 6s 3%d:
September, 5s lV4d; December, 6s 9d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
. WASHINGTON. July B.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able each balance, $220,985,057; gold reserve.
$171,218,531. ■ V;i V. .. :. • ■ '
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., July Exchanges, $221,
757; balances, $28,512.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. July B— R. O. Dun A Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will nay to-morrow:
The usual half yearly statement of failures by
branches of business is peculiarly Interesting
because It shows that war and fears of war
have not caused Increase In commercial disas
ter. The surprisingly large and general de
crease in trading defaults would without doubt
be accompanied by corresponding returns as to
manufacturing, hut for excessive expansion in
some lines and the helpless condition reached
by a few large firms in other branches. Fail
ures during the second quarter have been
smaller than in the same quarter of the past
four years in trading and in manufacturing
smaller than in the same quarter of any year
excepting 1894.
The fiscal year has ended with fractional re
sults a hhafe beyond general expectations, and
the new war tax begins to increase revenue,
not seriously disturbing business in any line.
No reason yet appears to apprehend that th»
war revenue will fall below expectations.
Criticism of crop estlmutes is the less need
ful because the best authorities all agree that
supplies for the coming year promise to great
ly exceed home requirements and a full ex
port, though for a month or two yet Europe
may require much more than usual. This will
help to sustain the market, while the earlier
receipts are coming forward, and prices will
then be determined largely by the outlook for
crops al.road, which is not as yet entirely en
couraging. Wheat has reflected but little im
proved prospect, advancing from 85c to 90c for
spot, regardless of the usual stories of Injury.
The cotton crop looks better and the pros
pect Is reflected In a decline of l-16c in the spot
price. The manufacturing works at the North
axe quite well employed, much more than usual
during the vacation season, and the demand
for goods Is somewhat improving. Abroad the
state of the manufacturer does not encourage
hopes of an extraordinary demand for the raw
material, while the stocks held by millers are
known to be unusually large. The South is In
creasing in manufactures rapidly, and not
entirely in place of Northern mills. There Is
nodisheartenment in other textile manufactures
and business Is good and growing In silks,
bagging hemp products and linens.
The manufacturer of wool hesitates, al
though a distinctly better demand has ap
i peared during the past ten days, because
i prices at which Western wool is held are too
I high for Eastern markets, and apparently too
, high for profitable manufacture. Sales for the
week at the three chief markets have been
only 3, 200, MA pounds, of which 2. 290,500 pounds
were domestic, against 14,120,500 last year, of
which C 598.000 were domestic and 6.119.350
pounds in the same week of 1892. of which 3.
651,600 pounds were domestic. The markets are
all dull, In spite of a fairly large demand for
territory and Australian wool in blocks, but
thp manufacturers are very cautious in pur
chasing, although there Is every evidence of a
great consuming demand for goods which man
ufacturers, with reasonable cheap material, can
supply. It Is for them an open question wneth
er they can meet It if they have to pay such
prices as are asked b~ Western holders.
It Is not enough to dismiss the Iron industry
with the bold statement that It is using up
more Iron even at the lowest point of the year,
than ever before. It is getting bigger domes
tic contracts for agricultural implements and
car materials, and also for structural work,
than In any previous year, but especially for
plates, the demand for which quite overruns
the capacity of all the works, and not mainly
on Government account. Nevertheless, the de
mand has not pushed prices of material up
ward, for this Is the waiting and fighting
period, and the producers of pig and of billets
have yet a problem to settle between them
selves. Meanwhile no fall In prices appears,
but a better demand for products, with every
expectation that within two weeks the pro
ducing capacity of the works will be much
more fully employed than fr six months.
Failures for the week ha^ c been 229 In th«-
United States against 206 last year, and 17 In
Canada against 30 last year.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, July B.— Bradstreet's to-morrow
will say: While the tone of general business
partakes of the usual midsummer stock-taking
j quietness the number of favorable features
j coming to hand has not materially lessened
| and confidence In a good fall business is still
I widespread.
Business In speculative circles Is restricted
and the new war taxes have had an appreci
able effect on reducing the volume of specu
lative sales by so-called scalpers In grain and
securities. The tone of prices, particularly for
I cereals, has shown a slight Improvement for
I the week and detailed comparisons with re
| cent periods are. still quite favorable.
Developments In the Iron trade are still pa
tiently awaited, but among the favorable fea
tures might be Instanced an Improved demand
for plglron and increased Inquiry at higher j
prices for steel plates at some Eastern points, |
while the Western accounts continued favor
able. Rather more Is doing on export account
In this line of business and the demand for our
cereals abroad Is quite satisfactory. The crop
condition Is In the main very favorable, al
though the tendency now is to discard early
extreme estimates of yield of wheat, and 675,
700.000 to 700,000,000 bushels estimates are more j
popular.
Business failures for the week number 241, as
against 173 last week, 213 in this week a year
ago, 219 two years ago. 266 In 1595 and 225 In I
1R94. As for some time past, the West and
Northwest send relatively the best reports.
A rather more cheerful tone Is noticeable at i
the Southern, Eastern and Middle States. The
tone of trade is quiet, but activity in iron has I
been a feature at Philadelphia, where. no\\
ever, textile manufacturers are nnt very busy.
Pltt3burg r#i>'>rts trade seasonably dull and
Boston gives it as quiet.
The supply of raw wool adaptable to Govern
ment orders has been considerably reduce! at j
that market, while prices of this staple are
steady.
Our cereal exports continue In excess of cor
responding peril ds of previous years, wheat
shipments for the week aggregating 2.725,fi12, as
against 4.716.401 lnst week, and comparing with
2.505,606 bushc-ls thtß week a year ngo. 2,167,076
In 1896, 2,317,237 in 1*95 and 2.377.350 in 1594.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, July The following: table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at eighty-nine cities' for the week ended
July 7, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year: -' : : ".;•:■ , :
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York $736,011,024 11.5
Boston 107.915.473 .... 3.6
Chicago 97.573,741 22.1 •...;
Philadelphia 70,536,6*0 16.9
St. Louis 24,911. 13.2
Pittsburg 20.022. . 23.6 ....
Baltimore 17,317,216 5.2
San Francisco 12.870.857' 16.2
Cincinnati 13.519.050 14.3 ....
Kansas City 3,132,416 19.5
New Orleans 6.721.343 7.5 ....
Minneapolis 7,000,597 17.9
Detroit 7,103,058 23.0 ....
Cleveland ...:...... 7.153,0*8 24.5
Louisville. 7,107.038 23.3 ....
Providence 4.564,700 .... - 15.4
Milwaukee 4.278.603 .... 2.5
St. Paul 2.932,510 ....
Buffalo 3.673,917 .... 2.4
Omaha • 6,023,010 43.9
Indianapolis 6.178.316 .... 6.3
Columbus. 0 3.5R4.200 9.0
Savannah 1.373,246 .... 16.5
Denver 2,815,094 36.2
Hartford 3,304,746 .... ....
Richmond .......... 3,375.131 4.6 ....
Memphis 1.480.044 17.0 ....
"Washington.. 2.311.652 17.4
Peorla 1.4:3.732 2.4
Rochester 1,853,761 11.7
New Haven 1,807.135 .... 13.9
Worcester 1,487,139
Atlanta 1,404,301 .... 52.2
Salt Lake City 1,638.273 2.7 ....
Springfield, Mass.. 2.180.970 34.5 ....
Fort Worth... 1,630.006 65.2 ....
Portland. Me 1.560.330 4.6
Portland. Or 1.620.559 35.3
St. Joseph ......... 2.705.059 124.5 ....
Lob Angeles 1.552.56S 26.0 ....
Norfolk ; 850.564 4.2 ....
Syracuse 1,245,270 .... 12.5
Dcs Molnes 939.700 15.2 ....
Nashville 1.076,200 .... 18.4
Wilmington, Del... 734. 37S .... 29.1
Fall River 667.701
Scranton -764.051 20.9 ....
Grand Rapids 891. 012 26.3
Augusta, Ga - 439,407 3.5 ....
Lowell 651.5R5 47.9 ....
Dayton. 0 814.826 31.8 ....
Seattle 951.369 83.0
Tacoma : 622.5H 22.0
Spokane 706.881 4.5 ....
Sioux City 649,432 27.2
New Bedford 471.094 31.1 ....
Knoxville, Term.... 468,311 8.3 ....
Topeka 421.323 1.6
Birmingham 360.283 .... 5.2
Wichita 345.609
Binghamton 36^,300 4.8 *....
Lincoln. 350.515. 7.6
Lexington. Ky 410,388 25.0 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 146.126
Kalamazoo 250.994 .... 13.1
Akron 250.900 5.4
Bay City 22»,983 24.4
Chattanooga 284,113 14.5 ....
Rockford. 11l 198.495 .... 4.3
Canton. 0 170.000 .... 12.4
Springfield, 0 185,353 .... 7.5
Fargo. N. D 242,037 R«.l
Sioux Falls. S. D.. ■■ 99,305 73.8 ....
Hastings, Neb...... 117,427 ....
Fremont. Neb 94,840 36.2
Davenport 920.948 23.3
Toledo 1,430,811 8.4 . ....-
•Galveston 4.649,700 8.6 ...."w
•Houston ...: 4.095.293
Youngstown ..' 221.178 .... ....
••Macon ■ 380.000 .... ....
••Kvansvllle : 633.761 .... ....
••Helena 445,893 ....
Totals. U. $1,229,813,364 : . 14.8 ....
Totals, outside ■ • •
New York ...... 493,801,740 9.7 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA. ■
Montreal ............. $13,038,155 .... 3.7
Toronto ............. 9,887,914 .... 1.3
Winnipeg 1.609.859 1C.7 ...:
Halifax-.. 1,639,979 .... , 30.0
Hamilton ...:....:.'.., 799.039 .... ....
St. John, N. B 588.577
Totals $27,563,553 .... 4.7
•Not Included In totals' because containing
other items than clearings. .,- >
•• Not Included In totals because of no com
parison for ' last ■ year. ; ' . ' ' "
LOCAL MARKETS.
. : EXCHANGE AND .' BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight!....: '—];■■ $4 87
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85%
Sterling Cables . .'...:. ....:"... .".;.... — 488
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
New York ■ Exchange, < sight. — 15
Fine Stiver, per 0unce.....:..."...... — 68%
Mexican Dollars ..... ...;,.... ..... 48 46%
' WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
■ WHEAT— ranged higher yesterday
morning, but- the spot prices stuck In the same
old rut. 'A' charter- or two Indicates a possible
revival ■of the long-suspended export movement
from this , port ■•-,- ■, .' -.-•■ ' : ■ ...
- Spot Wheat— Shipping.*' sl2s@l 27%; milling,
$1 35(gl 45 per ctl. : r /'
CALL BOARD SALEri. ;.
; Informal 7 Session— o'clock — December—
38,000 ctls, $1 29: 2000,;|1'25%: 4000, $1 29%. . •'■"- ••
.. Second Session— December— ctls. $1 29%;
4000. $1 29%;- 2000, |1 29»4; 16,000, $1 25%; 4000,
|1 29. A - ! ■■■■' - ■ - ■ -..-"-.:■ '.•-' ' ••.• '■■ ■-■
• Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
$1 25%;. 12,000. $1 28%; 24.000, $1 28U. .,,: . ■
r Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo etls, $1 28;
14,000. $1 2SV4j_4OOO.- *1 28%; 200 ** 28%. -?,,;V^
BARLEY— The - feeling was- rather firmer, but
there was no improvement in '■■ quotations.
Feed, 91 ITVi'TTI 20: Brewing. $1 25@1 35.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
' Informal "*Z Session — 9:15 ? o'clock — December —
2000 ■ ctls, .$1 18%. :■ - ; ;,: > ' ; ? i ■':' -i . -;- ? ;; ; ■ ■'.')■
Second Session— No sales. .•:-.•• ..,
Regular Morning. Session— December— 4ooo ctls,
$1 IS.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
OATS— Were possibly a' shade firmer In sym
pathy with Barley, : but' the ■ demand was slack
and prices 'showed no change. ~> : - ;
■ Fancy feed.- $1 33®1 40 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 M@l 35; common, :|1 25<3»1 27%; Surprise,
I ri 32%@1 40; gray. $1 25@1 32%; milling. $1 32%
■ @1 37^ per ctl.
CORN— There Is nothing new, trade being
slow at the old prices.
Small round yellow, $1 25@1 30; Eastern large
yellow. $1 05#l 07H: white. $1 02^@l 05; mixed,
$1 02%« 105 per ctl.
RVE-J1 20« 125 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 12,122 bbls Flour.
FLOUR— Family extras. $s<fo 10; bakers' ex
tras. $4 75@4 85 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
i lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 23 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Oirnmeal, $2 SO; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 2. r >: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats.
$4 50; Hominy, $3 25<f?3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
<f?4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina, f4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels). *5 85«f6 26; In sacks. $5 65@6 06; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Pea*, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFB.
Hay was firm In spite of Increased receipts
and several descriptions were quoted at a slight
advance. Receipts have been very meager of
late and are bought up upon arrival.
There is no change In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— SI 4 50<fr1!> HO per ton.
MIDDLINGS-s2O<F<22 per ton.
FEEDSTt'FFS— RoIIed Harley. $26(fi!^6 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31<??3l 50; jobbing,
$32fi 32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal. $23@23 50;
Cracked Corn, $24(524 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $18 sfxs?l9 for choice and
$17(S1K for lower grades: Wheat and Oat. $17@
$1S 50; Oat. $17@18; Wild Oat. $16<ff17; Barley,
; Island Barley, $14<3!lfi; Alfalfa, $12 50@13 50;
Clover. $13<514 50 per ton.
STRAW— 6O@9Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are quoted unchanged In price, with
rather more inquiry for some descriptions.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@2 95; Small Whites. $1 80
@1 90; Large Whites, $1 75@1 80: Pinks, $2 60®
2 75; Reds. J2 75<52 85; Blackeye, t3(al3 25; But
ters, $1 So@2; Limas. $2 80@2 90; Pea. $1 90&2;
Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brnwn Mustard, $4 F.0(35 per ctl-
Yellow Mustard. $4 50@5; Flax. $2*2 OK; CanHry
Seed, 2\4©2?4c per lb; Alfalfa. 3<7?6c; Rape, 2%®
!%c; Hemp. 2-y 4 @3c; Timothy, s(fsVic.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2; Green, |2®2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are quiet at the old prices. Potatoes
are higher and firm.
The only marked change In Vegetables is a
1 further decline In Corn. Cucumbers and Squash
In small boxes are very dull.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, B0«60c In sacks
and 80®750 In boxes for Early Rose, and 50©70 c
in sacks and 50c@$l in boxes for Burbanks.
ONIONS— New, 2n<a2i'C per sack for red and
80c<i!iOc per ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. $1 50if?2 for extra
laree and 50c(<7$l 25 for ordinary: Green Peas,
j IH©2%C per lb: String Beans, lVi«i3c per lb;
j Wax Beans, Vi 3c; Summer Squash, 30(535c per
! box; Bay Squash. 60c(f?$l; Green Peppers, 50@
1 75c for Chile and 75e(f<$l 2."» for Bell: Dried Pep
pers, 5(56c; Cabbage, 50c- per ctl; Carrots. 30(g)
50c per sack; Marysville Cucumbers, 25<ff30c;
Bay Cucumbers, G. r i((!90c; Vacavllle Tomatoes,
60c<g$l; Los Angeles, 76c©$l 25 per box; River
Tomatoes. $1 75'ff2 50; Green Corn. 40c@$l 25 per
sack for Vacavllle, $1 25W1 50 per crate for Ala
| meda and 85c(g$l for Berkeley; Garlic, 2^J3c per
lb; Green Okra. 10c: Egg Plant, s<f?7c per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
Fllced. raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated. 16f?18c: granulated. raw. 13c;
Onions. 60c: Carrots, old. 13c: new. 18c: Cab
bage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market Is firm and sales above the quo
tations are reported. Supplies are moderate.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10(7} 12c for Gob
blers and 10in2c for Hens; young Turkeys, 17^1
lSe; Geese, per pair. 75~@51: Gosling*. 75cfj$l:
Ducks, $2 50<53 for old and $2 50(^5 for young;
Hens, $3 50fri4 50: Roosters, young. $6ifJ7 50;
Roosters, old. J4W4 50: Fryers. $s<f?6; Broilers,
$4(34 50 for large. $2 50<fT3 50 for small: Pigeons,
Jl 50<Sl "5 per dozen for young and $I@l 25
for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Creamery Butter has again advanced and Is
very firm. When the Butter trade of San
Francisco gets up with the procession of mod
ern progress and has an exchange like all other
large marts of the I'nited States It will be bet
ter from a money point of view, not only for
the trade Itself, but for the people who make
the Butter. At present the sharpest knife outs
the largest throat.
Fine Eggs are steady and some dealers are
quoting an advance. >
. BUTTER— ■ ■'■ ■ ;: ■;,•
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 20@21c; sec
onds, 18@19c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy. 16<gl8c ; common
grades. 15c. - • ' -
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed.' 14<7?15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ■ 8c: old. 7@
7^c; Cream Cheddar, l0@llc: Young America.
B©9c: Eastern. 12@13c. . *
EGGS— Eggs, 15@16V4c per dozen; store
Eggs, ll@13c; Eastern, 12&@15c; Duck Eggs,
16c. ■ .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRuS FRUITS.
There was a scramble for Peaches on the
wharf and as high as $1 25 was paid. The fact
of the matter is, most kinds of orchard fruit
are. going to be scarce from now on. Apricots
are bringing up to $65 per ton In the country.
Cling Peaches are selling at $70 and Freestones
at J35#40. Where the ; Pears have gone this
year nobody seems to know. Certainly they
have not come to San Francisco.
Cantaloupes from Marysville sold at 15@17Hc
apiece.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— : , ;-
Strawberries, $2@3 per chest ' for large and
$4(56 for small. - v
Black Cherries, 50c ;' Royal Annes, 25@40c;
loose Cherries, IM-@3^c -per lb . for black and
"He for Royal Anne.
Ftps. 25@40c per box for single and 50@75c for
double layers. .•■-..-■
Red- Nectarines, $I@l 25; White Nectarines,
75lf?S5c per box. : .
Fontainpbleau Grapes from Vacavllle. 75c@$l;
Seedless White Grapes from Yuma, $1 25 per
crate; Black Grapes, $1 50. • ■.
Blackberries. $2<5'3 per chest. . '
Currants, $1133 per chest. . ■
Plums. 50<S'75e per crate and 35©75 c per box.
Apricots, 60c<5$l per box and 75c@$l per crate
and $40565 per ton In bulk. -
Peaches. 50«590c per box, 75c@$l 25 per basket.
Raspberries, $3(J?6 per chest.
New Apples, 40@50c per small and 50c@$l 25
per lanre . box.
Bartlett Pears. $1(5125 per box for good
stock. Windfalls, "-mlnal.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 50@2 60;
Seedlimrs, SOc'f *l : Lemons. $1 ?."'T2 for com
mon and $2 fiO©3 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. J6"iT7: Bannnr.s. $1 25©2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 »>er dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Buyers are coyly approaching the market for
new Prunes and Peaches, but no prices are
named as yet. Both will probably open high
er than last year. The East still hangs back
from buying Apricots. - - . . • -
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4%«
5c for 40-50' s,'4Vl@4V4c for 50-60's. 3%@4c for
60-70 - s, 3H@3Hc for 70-SO's, 2\@3c for 80-90' 8, 2>4
• @2%c,for 90-100' s; Peaches. 3®r>c; fancy. 5V4@
6c; peeled, 10®12%c; new Apricots, B«ci9c for
Royals; • old Apricots. s@6>4c for ■ Royals and
7{iSc for Rood to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, T^(f?Bc; sun-dried,- i' "Sci Black
Figs, In sacks, 2^2%c; Plums, 4V4@4'sic for
pitted and I%®lHc for unpltted; • bleached
Plums, f>@sUc: Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy: Pears, . 2H<i?4%c or quarters and 3@sV4c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2(ST2Itc for two-crown," 2%@Sc for
three-crown, • ZVt'n3%c for : four-crown, 4^4c for
Seedless Sultanas. 23« c for Seedless Muscatels
and $I@l'ls for London layers; dried Grapes,
2Y,c. ' ! "
NUTS— Walnuts, 304 c for hardshell. 4<36c for
softshell; Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell, 6i^7c for
softshell, BH(!f9c for pnper-shell: Peanuts, 4@
5%c for Eastern and 4V4c for California; Pe
cans, 6Mi@Sc; Filberts. 9V4@loc; . Brazil . Nuts.
B#9c per Ib; Cocoanuts. }4 sOS V 5 per 100. .
HONEY— 9<7?10c for bright and 6®7c
for lower grades; -water-white extracted, 5V4@
6c; light amber extracted. 4%@sHc per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per Ib. • • - '
PROVISIONS. . • , ,
• There Is a fair trade at unchanged prices.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, '9c ' per ■ lt> for
heavy. 9%c for light medium, '. 10c : for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12V4c for sugar, cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10>4@lIc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9H@loc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork, $9; ; extra prime Pork, 110; - extra clear,
»17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12%c per
lb.-. ..'.. ■■ ■- -..■■■■■■■ ' ' - ■ "..-••':•••■■■
Eastern,- . tierces, . quoted ■at 6c ■ per '. Jt)
for compound and 8c for pure; ■• pails, ;- B%e;
California tierces,- 5Hc per Ib for compound
and 7c for pure;:, half barrels, 7V«c; - 10- It) tins,
8c; 5-lt> tine. 4 c .-.■-,:- -• , •..
COTTOL.ENE— Tierces. 6%l?6*iic;  packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-tb palls, 60 In a case. 9^c;
3-th pails." 20 In a case, B%c; 6-lb-palls.- 12 In a
case, B%c; 10- palls, 6ln a case, B%c; r.O-n>
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, TJ4c:' wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SMic; fancy tubs, 80 lt>s net, 7%c; half
barrels, about , 110 lbs, •■ 7%c * per . Ib. -
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culis and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10%e; medium, 9%c; lipht. 9c; Cow
hides, 9%c; Stags. 6%e: salted Kip. 9<s9y.c;
Calf. 10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls a*nd
brands. 12@12%c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry
Calf. 18c: Goatskins, 27H"2300; medium, 50c;
winter, 10c; Fheepsktns. shearlings, 15iS2.")C each;
short wool. 30W40c each; medium, 60*{Ti0c; long
wool, 90c((i'$l 10 each; Horsehldes, salt, J2"92 60
for large and |I<S2 for small; Colts, 60c; Horse
hides, dry, $2 for large and $1 for small; Colts,
50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%.®3%c per tt>-
No. 2, 2%@3c: refined. 4%rg:4}ic; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain 7(?J>loc
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc: San Joaquin and.
Southern.- 7 months .' S@loc: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14e; do, defective. 10@l«c,
Middle county. 13@16c; Humboldt • and Menao
ol no, 15@17c; Nevada. 10^>14c; Eastern Oregon,
lOCttlc; Valley Oregon. 15(^17c.
HOPS— crop, 9@12>,4c per Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Are weak and buyers : of large lots
can shade the quotation. Calcutta Grain Bags,
sc ; I Wool ' Bags, ; nominal San Quentln. $4 85. '
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle. $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk £.nd $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania. Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel.' $10 per ton; Rock Springs md Castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been three coal deliveries from
Oregon with 1065 tons, two from Washington.
2370 tons: one from British Columbia, 2600 tons;
one from Australia. 3123 tons.' Total. 9158 tons. •
"Business In this line has settled back Into I
its normal condition, and the only liberal buy- |
ers now are our local consumers, as the Gov
ernment transports which are to be coaled now
only number four, and the cargo of one of our
colliers from British Columbia will furnish fuel
enough for the four There are no changes in
prices. The market is firm at last week's
quotations, and there is no probability of any
decline for several months ahead,' as our coal
Importers are engaging tonnage into next year
at full figures, which evidences their faith in
future values. The labor troubles In Wales are
causing serious disturbances to the large Car
diff and Swansea consumers; in fact they are
becoming so serious that the Government Is
about to regulate the differences. • Colliery
strikes are notably contagious, and the last
mails from Australia Intimate that a slight
friction is apparent there among the coal pro
ducers. . which may later develop into a general
lockout. Our large fuel consumers here would
suffer seriously If any . labor troubles should
mature there, as naturally our coast colliery
proprietors would avail themselves of the situa
tion and mark up values. They always regu
late their prices by the Importation cost here
of colonial coals, hence with no . competition
they would increase their prices immediately."
RICE— Mixed. $4 40@4 45: China No. 1. ■
$.Vtr6 15; extra do, $5 30@5 60; Hawaiian. $6«J>
6 Hi%: Japan, $5 80(66 40; Louisiana Rice, $5 50
@G 50.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy,
Granulated, fie; Dry Granulated. 6%c: Confec- ;
tioners' A, 57£ c;5 7 £c; Magnolia A. s^c; Extra C,
5%c; Golden C. sVic: California A. 5%c per lb;
half-barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
more. ;:-•"."■•'• |
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. i
The weakness in Hogs was temporary and the
fraction lost a couple of days ago has been
regained. The other descriptions rule about the
same.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6^c; second quality,
B'^ifiCc; third quality, 4t4fsSV4c4 t 4 f 5SV4c per lt>.
VEAL— Large, 4f(j'3c; small. 6@7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%GBc; Ewes, 7@7%c
per Tb.
LAMB— Spring, B®SV4c per !t».
PORK— Live Hogs. V/ifpxc for large. 5%®5%0
for medium and 4^4@4%c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3Vjc; dressed Hogs, 7@Bc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. July 8.
Flour, qr sks ... 2.R00 Straw, tons 42
Wheat, ctls 1.520 Hops, bales 60
Barley, ctls 1.575 Wool, bales 46.'
Oats, ctls 1,370 Quicksilver, flsk. 12
Butter, ctla 227 Lumber, ft 40.000
Choese, ctls 130 Eggs, dot 14,280
Tallow, ctls 207 Wine, gals 44.700
Potatoes, sks ... 1.540 Leather, rolls ... 12G
Onions, sks 660 Pelts, bdls 312
Bran, sks 3,200 Lime, bbls 81
Middlings, sks .. 3-t2 Hides, no 2,036
Hay, tons 422-
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 3.s4s Middlings, sks .. 35*2
Barley, ctls 1.100 Shorts, sks 2,817
Oats, ctls 3.070 Hay. tons 50
I Bran, sks 3. 200 W001, bales 193
« m ■
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Fancy Butter is rather dearer. Common
Eggs are cheaper. Otherwise dairy products
are unchanged.
Poultry and Meats remain about the same
as last week.
Fruit is hardly as cheap as usual this year,
owing to Its comparative scarcity. Indeed, there
Is a growing dearth of good Peaches and
Apricots. Housewives will hardly he able to
put up many Apricots this year, and the late
Peaches will likewise be mere or less scarce,
owing to the frosts last spring. Grapes and
: Nectarines are added to the list.
Some kinds of Fish are dearer.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
! price list:
I Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ #12 00 Ca.stle Gate. s9 60@
Wellington . @10 00 Southfleld
New Welling:- I Wellington @ 9 50
ton ©10 00 Coos Bay @7 00
Seattle 8 00®
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per [Common Eggs. .^H® 15
square 40'a45 Ranch Eg*s, per
Do. per roll 35@— doz 17@20
Do, good 30iff — Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal Wfr— tb 12'?i"15
Cheese, Eastern.. If.*? — Do, extracted... B^lo
Cheese, Swiss 20@25
Meats, per Ib —
Bacon 12®17 Pork, frt«n 12<?15
Beef, choice 12(frl- T'ork, salt 10<&12
Do. good Bald n ork Chops 12«13
Corned Beef SliJifi Hound Steak 10© —
Ham, Cal UVt^Sl' Steak. .. .12V" —
Do, Eastern —Ola E'crterhouso. do.. .17010
Lard 12@1.i Smoked Beef — 015
Mutton ....' — <fTIO Pork Sausages — ®20
Spring Lamb 12@— I Veal 12(jj15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60® 65 i Turkeys, pr 1b 15® 20
Young Roost- I Ducks, each... 4V>® GO
ers, each — 75@ 85 1 Geese, each... 75ifil 00
Old Roosters, i Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50
each 40® 5" Rabbits, pair.. & 40
Fryers, each.. f>o® 6C Hare, each Q 20
Broilers, each 40<t
Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots, per rb... s@B]Limes. doz 12tf?l'
Almonds, tb 12515 j Nectarines, pr lb.lOgll
Apples. Tb 4@6'Oranges, doz 12»ij"
Blaokberries. per Ipeaches, per tb... 5® 8
drawer 20@30lPlums, per lb 4@ 6
Bananaa, aoz 15'<f20 Raspberries, per
Currants, pr b0x..30®40 drawer 30® 40
rherries. per 1b... i«f 6 Raisins, lt> s©lo
Figs, per lb 6<S?l'> Strawberries, per
Grapes, per lb 20@25 drawer 25@40
Lemons, doz 20@30i Walnuts, lb 15®—
Vegetables —
Asparagus, tb 4(3! 8| r^ettuce. doz i5f?2S
Artichokes, doz... 2o@3oj Green Okra, 1b....20(ff2:.
Beets, doz UOIS Dnlona. tb 4«» 5
Beans, white, Ib.. 4© 5 1 Peppers, green S^IQ
Colored, lb 4® 5 1 Potatoes. !t> 20 3
Lima, rb b<fi 6 Parsnips, doz 15172')
Cabbage, each 5®W Radishes, dz bchs.lOrfili
[Cauliflowers, each o@lo Pjikp, tt> ZSO33
Celery, bunch 5@ — String Beans, lb. . 4@ 6
Cress, doz bchs. ..20(g2.') Summer Squash,
Cucumbers, doz..lO<TnJ per Tb 4@ 5
Egg Plant, per lb. 12ft— Thyme, lb 20»j3fl
Green Corn, dz...ls®3o!Turnips. doz 18086
Green Peas, lb 3^ a -Tomatoes, lb 6@ 8
Lentils, lb 6@ 8l
Fish, per tb—
Barracuda 8<ff!10 ?hrlmps Sf?10
Carp B@lo Shad S@lo
lodiish SvflO Sea Bass — (&10
Flounders ifi S Smelts 1CK312
Herring — @— iSoles B©lo
Halibut 10<pl2|3kates. each o'd 10
Kingfish — fiflO Tomeod 10^—
Mackerel 12ffi— Clams, pal — #61
Do, Horse — (ft— Do, hardshell, 100.4n<ff50
Perch 10yi> — Crabs, each 10Q1I
Pompano 50@75iD0. softshell, doz.
Rockfish 12'a'15 1 Mussels, at 10612
Salmon, smoked. .2o® —^Oysters. Cal, 100.. 40w
Salmon, frepli 10(Sl2'Do, Eastern, d0z.. 25^)40
PARTLY CLEARED UP.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan, the bril
liant orator and dramatist and auda
cious manager, was what the beaks
of Scotland Yard would call a downy
cove, says an exchange. He was din
ing at a friend's house one evening and
found himself much beset by one of his
fellow diners of the giddy old maid
brand.
"Ah, my dear Mr. Sheridan," she
simpered, "I should so love to take a
walk out with you this evening."
The wily Sheridan was startled at the
prospect. "Oh, dear," he replied In a
tone of well feigned regret, "my dear
Lady Blank, it's raining cats and dogs.
I'm afraid I shall have to forego the
pleasure until it clears off."
Fifteen minutes later the alert spin
ster, who did not repose entire trust in
Sheridan's sincerity, detected him In
the act of sneaking out through a side
door.
"Oh. Mr. Sheridan!" she exclaimed,
"has It really cleared up?"
"V— y— yes— n-no— that— is— it has
cleared up enough for one. but not
enough for two."
In Costa Rica canary birds, bullfinches
and paroquets are special table dainties.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A bra,nch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always b<» obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean %ommercc.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Maiket street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S, N-. In charge. *
THE CALL CALENDER.
July, ISM.
Su.
Mo
Tu.
Moon* Phvm,
4
11
13
1
©Pull Mooa.
W July &
?2
Last Qua nor.
M, July 10.
y^v New Moon.
W July 18.
.6.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
rorth Fork Humboldt ljixly %
t. Paul [St. Michael i July 9
[omer Newport Ju i y 10
surma Nanalmo jj vu l y 10
flngchow Departure Bay July 10
an Mateo |Comox |July 10
cotia jHumboldt July 10
mplre (Coos Bay July 10
rashtenaw ITacoma lJuly 10
rlzaba 'Humboldt :j uty v
'alia Walla... I Victoria & Puget SoundlJuly \\
,>llington Departure Bay jj vu j y v
nilamette IPeattle T U l y v
ulton Portland jj vu l y tl
an Jose IPanama July \\
anta Rosa San Diego July lj
tate California Portland July jj
Itanla Xanalmo July 12
rcata Coos Bay July 13
uracao Mexico July 13
oos Bay Newport July 14
hllkat jHumboldt jjuly H
aellc (China and Japan July 15
eelanaw |St. Michael lJuly 15
rescent Clty..|Crescent City July 15
matllla [Victoria & Puget Sound July IS
olumbla jPortland IJuly IS
omona )San Diego jjuly lg
3
10
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Cy Panama Mex. &C. A. . July 9, 12 mPMSS
Columbia .. [Portland July 10, 10 amlPler 11
Pomona .... San Diego July 10, 11 am Pier U
Queen Vie & P»?t Sd. July 10, 10 am' Pier 9
Chilkat .... IHumboldt . . . . | July 10. 9 amlPler 13
Santa Cruz. jDouKlas Islnrl: July 11. 4 pm'Pler 9
Homer (Newport |July 12, 9 am j Pier 11
Alameda ..(Sydney jjuly 13, 2 pm Pier T
Orizaba iHumboldt July 13, 10 am! Pier 9
North F-rk IHumboldt ....jjuly 13, 9am j Pier 2
Santa Rosa; San Diego.... | July 14, 11 amiPler 11
State of Call Portland Uuly 14, 10 am Pier 12
Fulton lOreson Ports. [July 14, Bam Pier 20
Cleveland ..[Alaska lJuly IK
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd.lJuly 15, 10 ami Pier 9
Arcata Coos Bay July 16. 10 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport July lfi. 9 am ' Pier H
Steamer.
Destination.
aUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and ' Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and lnw waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Saturday, July 9.
Sun rlsas 4:55
Sun sets 7:31
Moon rises 10:54 p. m.
Feet.
H W
3:251 4.:
4:42 3.!
6:10 3.1
i W
1:02 1.
2:05 O.i
2:57 0.:
3:39 — 0.:
t| 9:26|
l| 10:131
i 11:051
H W
I 7:45
i 9:09
! 10:13
! 11:01
I
0.7 4:19
1.3 5:05
1.9 5:51
L, W
3.5| 11:59
|.« 12:54
3.8 1:49
4.1 2:42
5.
t.:
11:56
I IS1 ' S
3.:
3.;
6:
7:!
g:
B:i
5.
■
5.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th<»
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
pecond time column elves,, the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives the
last tldp of the day, except when ther« are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
riven are additions to the soundings on the
T'nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number Riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference )s the mean of the lower lnw waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. V-, Mer
chants' Exchange. San Franetaco, Julr
8, ISIS.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 12<Hh meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign Cretired). U. S. N.. in charge.
fc±lll'Pl.\G INTELLIGENCE."
ARRIVED.
Friday July 8.
Stmr Clene Cleone, Htggins, 14 hrs fm Albion,
etc.
Stmr Pomona. Debney. 60 hrs fm San Diego,
etc.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 33 hrs fm
Crescent City.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Gridgett, 34 hrs fm Ven
tura.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 18 hrs fm Notleys
Landing.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 85 hrs fm Ta
coma.
Ship R. D. Rice, Carver, 147 days fm New i
York. »
CLftARED.
Friday July 8.
P. M. S. S. Co.
Br Ship Ben Dears, Peattte, Queenstown; Q.
W. McNear.
Schr Anita Funeke, Knsenada, ; Ybarra Gold
Mining Co.
SAILED.
Friday July 8.
Schr Bessie X., Adler, Newhaven.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea. San Pedro.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarnich. Panama, etc.
Schr James A Garfield. Lewis, Columbia
River.
Bktn Gardiner City, Palmgren, "Wlllapa Har
bcr.
Stmr Gipsy, Glelow. Santa Cruz.
Schr Azalea. Fardelius. Port Blakelev.
Stmr Coqullle River. Johnson. Fort Braag.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Coqullla
River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 8. in p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, SW: velocity. 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Czar loads mdse for Mazatlan and San
Bias.
The Theodor loads mdse for London and tha
West York mdse for Sydney.
The Glory of the Seas loads coal at Depart
ure Bay for this • — *
The Euphrates Is rechartered for wheat or
barley to Europe, 255.
The Carnarvon Bay loads wheat at Portland
for Europe, 31s 3d.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Smr Crescent City, fm Crescent City,
July B.— July 8. 2:3<1 a. m.. 10 miles NW of
Point Reyes, saw an iron bark bound to San
Francisco. Wind llenf. SE.
SPOKEN.
July 2— Lat 48 N. lon 28 W, Br ship Llnllnth
gowshire, fm Oregon for Queenstown.
Smr Geo Loomls, fm Ventura— July 7, at 4 p
m.. off Point Sur, the schr Thos F Bayard, fm
Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTB.
EVERETT— Arrived July B— Schr Sailor Boy,
fm Port Townsend.
TACOM A— Arrived July 7— Bktn Monitor,
hence June 21. v^
SALMON HAY— Arrived July B— Schr Wa-
wona. hence June 24.
BANMON HAY— Sailed July July B— Schr Re
peat, for Honolulu.
TATOOSH— Passed July 7— Stmr Umatllla,
hence sth. for Victoria.
NEWPORT— Arrived July B— Schr Mabel
Gray, fm Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived July B— Bark Harry
Morse, fm Dutch Harbor; ship Spartan, hence
June 20.
DUTCH HARBOR— Sailed June 14— I* S stmr
Bear, for cruise: In port July 16, barks High
land Light. Hadn Brown and Guardian, brig
Geneva ami stmr Rival, fm Seattle, schr Vine
fm St. Michael.
EUREKA— Arrived July B— Stmr Orizaba,
hence July 7.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived July B— Schr
Corinthian, hence July 3.
POINT ARENA— Arrived July B— Stmr
Whttefboro. hence July 7; sailed stmr North
Fork, for San Francisco.
ST. MlCHAEL— Arrived June 18— Schhr Dora
Bluhm. her.cc May 13.
TATOOSH— Passed out July B— Br Btmr Wel
lington, fm Nanaimo, for San Francisco
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July B— Schr
Challenge, fm San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived. July B— Stmr Pasa
dpna. fm Eurekn : sailed stmr Jewel for
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived July B— Bark
Tidal Wave, hence June 15; schr Challenger
from San Pedro.
coos BAY-^Bailed July B— Stmr Empire for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed July 6— Stmr Fulton for
San Francisco: arrived. State of California,
hence July 6.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived July 7— Stmr Alllanca, fm
New York.
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived May 19— Chilean bark
Latona, fm Port Itlakely.
QUEENSTOWN- Arrived July 7— Br ship
Clan Galbraith. hence March 14
YOKOHAMA— Arrived, July S— Br Stmr Bel
gi'' hence June is. ,
SWANSEA-Sailed July 7-Br ship Routen- l
burn, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BOSTON-Arrived July S-Stmr Pavonia, frm t
Liverpool. Jr
NEW YORK— Sailed July 8-Stmr Rotterdam,
for Rotterdam. Arrived— Stmr Campania, frm
Liverpool.
NAPLES— SaiIed July B— Stmr Fulda. for
New York.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
THE REMNANT
TO CONVENE
The Populists to Renew
Their Fight.
FUSIONISTS ARE IN CONTROL
A. BRETZ WILL STRUGGLE TO
SAVE HIS PARTY.
English Hau Destroyed. Much of the
Strength of Maguire— Budd
Also Has Some
Friends.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
90S Broadway, July 8.
To-morrow morning the remnant of the j
Populists of this county will hold a con- !
vention in Grand Army Hall for the pur- j
pose of electing delegates to the State
convention. There is no doubt that a ma- i
jority of the convention will be in favor j
of fusion with the Democrats for the pur- i
pose of nominating Mr. Maguire. , There
are, however, many middle-of-the-road 1
men who will have seats in the convention
and as they are all orators a lively time
may be expected. Never before were the
Democrats and the Populists so complete
ly rent asunder as at present. Warren B.
English has already gathered unto him
self much support in his light for the
nomination for Governor la this and other
counties, and his friends declare that ow- I
Ing to the factional feeling that exists in
the Democratic leaders of the State, It
will be a year for a dark horse.
Ex-Assemblyman Bretz is the leader of
the middle-of-the-road men. He declares
that there is no such thing as fusion and
that any one who is not a Populist is a
Democrat and might as well be a Republi
can. He declares that Maguire is no more
of a Populist than McKinley and Mr.
Bretz will go to the convention to-morrow
prepared to combat every effort made to
ward fusion.
Mr. Treble, on the other hand, is the
leader of the Maguire wing. He also can
make a long speech, and the light over
the delegates to go to Sacramento for the :
State convention next Tuesday will be !
long and loud.
There is still another element among the ;
local fusionists of two years ago thai be- j
lieves Governor Hudd is not entirely out j
of the race for Governor, and who
would prefer him to either English, Phe- !
Lan or ruire. Alameda county has in
ii many men who are very close to Gov
ernor Budd and should there be any pos
sibility of his desiring a renomination he i
would bo greatly preferred to Maguire,
who is not at all strong in this county.
For the county offices there has as yet
been nothing dene by Fusionists, Popu
lists or Democrats, and whether fusion
will prevail in county and State matters,
remains to be seen. It Is probable, how- '
ever, that the Populists will consent to be j
entirely and permanently absorbed by the 1
local Democracy, as those who favor such i
a scheme are in the majority.
The delegates elected are as follows: i
Forty-seventh Assembly District— Fruitvale
JCo. I— J. Aubrey Jones; alternate, J. K. Taylor.
Fmitva'.e No. 2— H. E. Harwood.
. Klir.hurst— J. M. Moore and R. B. Myers. .
Ban Lcandro— David Try and M. H. Hackett. '
Alameda— N. J. Manson. E. A. Allen. Dr. S. •
A. Toft, S. G. Mitchell, Green Majors, E. H.
Jackson, John Santtne, D. C. Lyons, W. M.
< fry. Oeorge R. Read, <;. W. Bassett, Elmer
Knberts an i P. N. Anton.
■Forty»el{ftth Assembly District— A. • Bretz, J.
D^mes,. Is. p. Houjtiara, Vs.. J. Ofdesby, P. B.
Pintble, D. Stuart, W. A. Thompson,, A. M
Stoddard. F. J. Gregory. Charles White, W.
J. Donovan. J. M. Bassett, D. C. Cameron, I.
D. Sherrard.
Forty-ninth District, "West Oakland— W. . R.
Batten. J. Curtis, M. W. Bodkins. James a.
Hennessey, A. Tornblom, K. M. Corless, Ed j
A GLANCE AT
REAL ESTATE
The Local Tide Still at
a Low Ebb.
ADVENT OF THE WAR TAX
A BURDEN NOT WELCOME BUT
CHEERFULLY TOLERATED.
General Review of the Records, New
Building Contracts, Recent
Sales and Other
Notes.
The real estate market still continues
to be characterized by dullness and al
most a total lack of business progression.
Few, If any, large sales have been re
corded during the past week, and the ma
jority of these, in prosperous times, would
be narrowed down to the ordinary ran
dom note. Along with this business de
pression has come the Government war
tax, which since issuance has been a
continual source of annoyance to realty
brokers generally, as the internal revenue
collected on property will undoubtedly
have to be defrayed by them. Although
the general impression exists that in the
"long run" the property-owners will have
to pay the tax placed upon transactions
made in their favor, it will be at an In
definite period that such a reaction will,
come. The brokers, however,' ' content
themselves with the fact that the money
Is being expended, and the loss sustained,
in the Interests of the national cause, and
consequently whether the tax/ imposed
■will have a tendency to retard or stimu
late the progression- of the market they
are willing to. pay, it and await the
natural and inevitable consequences.
During th« past week there,. were fifty-one
mortgages and trust deeds recorded, amount
ing to {152,513. For the same period forty re
leases and reconveyances passed to record in
the total sum of 1149,375. • ■; "
■The principal mortgages and trust deeds are
as follows: By the Fidelity Savings and Loan
Society to Moses M. and Carrie Stern, fGOOO
for ten ' years at. 7 per cent, on property in
Western Addition block 2G, situated on - the
southerly ilne of Frederick, no feet east" of
Ashbury, east £6:3 by south luO: by the Secur
ity Havings Bank to Sarah l>. Sanderson, $SUOO
for uvc years at 7 per cent, on property . In
w rfitern Addition block ll*, situated on the
southeast earner of Broadway and Flllmore,
east 6i:s by south £7:6; by Mary V. Baldwin
to Cora W. Morton, $10,700 for one year at 7
Pf r 5;- 1 ' 1 . on property. in the Western Addition
mock ii, situated on the northeast corner of
> J a t?l a «?v Polk Ktreets . ca st SO by north 120;
[j.. „ v Hlb , crnl a Savings and Loan Society to
Joseph atnl Minnie ; - i obi im, $C2GO for one
hinrit ' i<ii If . Cf i nt - on -property In M-varu
xi «„ ll' n " ltuatr " ! on . the westerly line of
Maspn. ( X:9 feet Bouth of Vallejo, south 48:9 by
«™LI t : „ l, l Hibernla Savings and Loan
£»n! £r? Mlchacl P. Michael. i,734 for one
>wv a -, ■' u pcr . c ? nt « " n Property in the 50-vara
° n j' Vftf 4l^ 1 on the northerly line of Sac
ramento. 60 _feet east of Kcarny. east ; 44-2 by
2 M^,t ; : :?' i. he Columbus Savings and Loan
fn, 11, m J ' an(l D - D " Bhittuck. $5009
for one jear at 7 per cent, on property In the
80-vara block 138, situated on the easterly Una
° °« ?£ li2 '-\ U '" x * outh of Sacramento,
south M bywrt 103; by the German Savings
and Loan Society to Joseph Kordmann.i $6000
for one year at 7 per cent, on nrODertv in th<»
One Hundred block 335.' situated on ? the' north!
Hodkin. Will Magruire, L. Hodk.n. Fred T.
Hale, Robert Ptewart, R. Feige.
Lorin- -John U. Oberg, John Green, Henry
May, August Schnoor, E. Ely.
Fiftieth Assembly District— A. Hoenisch. R.
Hers.'. V. F. BUM, Snm \V. Heller. James
Grimmins, Z. Van Husklrk, James McDonald,
I! C, Allyri. S. R. Nichols, C. L. Matthews, Z.
11. Lucas, George B. Wardell, Mr. Schull, J.
D. Austin, C. N. Hitchcock.
Fifty-first Assembly District — George S.
Johnson, A. C. C. Krueger. J. H. Strickler, G.
A. Koch, Dr. A. T. Childs. T. T. Frlokstad.
J. L. Pnlinbaum, J. A. Fielding, A. T. Dewey.
J. C. E.ney. Frank Cartier. G. Lauritzen, E.
A. Moody, C. S. Prescott, M. L. Gray.
FOUND IN A CAVE.
Carl Wilhelni and Arthur Downey
Had an Underground Betreat.
OAKLAND, July B.— Carl Wilhelm, who
ran away from his home several weeks
ago, was captured In a cave under a
house on Clay and Seventh streets last
night, by Detective Quigley and Officers
Scanlan, Haynes and Ford. With him was
a newsboy named Arthur Downey. Wil
ht-lm was sentenced to fifteen days on a
charge of sleeping out, In the Police Court
this morning:.
The boys had dug an extensive tunnel
and cave beneath the house and had been
sleeping in it for a week past. The neigh
bors notified the police and asked that
they be removed. Last evening the offi
cers named started on a hunt. When the
entrance to the tunnel was found an at
tempt to crawl in was made.- This soon
proved lmposible and an entrance was
d into the house, which was vacant.
The floor was torn up and the two young
sters captured. An examination of their
underground home showed that a vast
amount of work had been done by the
boys.
\oung Downey is not considered a bad
boy and was allowed to go by Judge Allen
in the Police Court, this morning Wilhelm
has been arrested on several occasions be
fore and will not stay at home.
Editor Vivian Assaults a Compositor.
OAKLAND, July §.— Sam J. Allen, a
compositor on the Niles Herald, accuses
Editor P. C. Vivian of assault and bat
tery, and declares that he will have him
arrested. Both of Allen's eyes are swol
len badly, while his features show marks
of fists. Allen asserts that the trouble
arose over the settlement of a claim for
wages. It includes $2 50 a day for thirty
seven days as compositor and $.'ls for edi
torial writing. When he presented the
claim he asserts that Vivian jumped on
him and p;;ve him an unmerciful thrash
ing. He expressed his intention of swear
ins to a complaint for a warrant at Cen
tervffie this afternoon.
Professor Dudley's Double.
OAKLAND, July S.— Alexander Cum
niinK*. who was arrested yesterday in
Santa Cruz for having counterfeit $10
coins in his possesion, was lodged in the
y Jail last night and removed to
San Francisco this morning, where he
will stand trial'bofore the United States
District Court. It is believed that Ctira
mings is the double of Professor Dudley
of Stanford University. A Deputy Con
stable arrested the professor several
months ago on a charge of passing coun-
I gold coins and lodged him in jail.
Omnnings is also believed to have at
tempted his operations in this city at
Kinkel's bakery on San Pablo avenue.
All the Way From Montana.
OAKLAND. July B.— Miss Alice Wilcox,
of Helena, Mont., called at the Court
housr- to-day and secured a license for
her marriage to Private Alexander Good
of the First Regiment, Montana In
fantry, U. S. V. Both are natives of
Montana, twenty-three years of age. and
\\t:. i ngaged when Goodman enlisted. He
wrote his betrothed to meet him here and
would be married. She is a sweet,
pretty, relined looking young woman and
made all the necessary arrangements for
the marriage, which is to take place Sun
day afternoon between 4 and 5 o'clock
with Rev. Robert Ritchie officiating.
Mrs. Hurt Is Heartbroken.
OAKLAND, July S.— Mrs. Schaffer, ex
wife of Joel J. Hurt of Wyoming, is
likely to lose her reason owing to the fact
that her three young daughters are liable
to be taken from her. The trend of Judge
i l ';■■:, s opinion made it so clear that the
children are to be placed in the legal care
of their father that Mrs. Schaffer has lit
tle hope of retaining them after the case
is disposed of next Monday. This after
noon she became hysterical in the office
of Judge Gibson and would not be calmed
for hours. Her husband is now In jai!
on a charge of attempt to murder, and
she is almost destitute.
westerly line of Minna, 97:6 feet northeast of
Third, nnrtheast 20 by northwest SO; by the
Hihernia Savings and Loan Society to John
iks. fIO,OOO for one year at 6- 2 per cent,
erty in the WesteQl Addition block 19S.
situated on the westerly' line of Octavia, 90
feet north of Bush, north 6."j. west 137:6, south
: L'7:<s south 30, east 100; by the Hibernia
Savings and i. an Society to 8. \v. and
r.a C. O. Holladay. $17,000 for one year
; er C 4 iit, un property in Western Addl
•■:nted on the southeast corner
of Clay and Octavia, south ÜB.-4V4 by east 275;
■ . v. Baldwin to Cora W. Morton, $10,
700 tor '>m- yinr at 7 per cent, on property in
the Western Addition block 11, situated on the
northeast corner of Polk and Geary, east SO by
north I*o.
The principal releases and reconveyances
weTe recorded as follows:
From the Hib.rnia Savings and Loan Society
I ' Amos .v Sanders, 116,000 on property in the
50 vara block 170. situated on the southerly
line or O'Farrdl street. SO feet east of Masott,
by c nth 87:8; from the Hibernia Sav
:iU Loan Society to Monroe Greenwood,
rty in the Western Addition
situated on the southeast corner of
md Webster, .>-ist 72:2 by south 137:6;
the Hibernia Savines and Loan Society
to George W. McNear, 140,090 on property In
the 50 vara block 54, situate! n-spectlvely on
the easterly line of Montgomery, 97:6 nortn
ofTlne, north 40 by east 137:0, and the west
erly line of Leidosiiorff. Hi feet m rth of Pine.
north 52:6 by wpst 68, by smith 72:6. by east 22,
by north 20 and by east 36; from the Eatna
Mutual Building and Loan Association t>> Ed
ward an.l Lucy Dreyfuss, $10,500 on property
in the Western Addition block 14, situated on
utherly line of Post, 195 feet west of Lar
kln, west 25, south 120.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
On the southwest corner of Broadway and
Laguna, west 50 by south — All work for two
2-story frame buildings; owner ■ Florence N.
Ward; architects, Coxhead & Coxhead; con
tractor, Hannah Bros.; cost $8595.
Westerly line of First avenue. S4 feet north of
■ Clement, north 26 by ■west 107:6 — All work ex
cept brick work, painting, concrete, grading,
sewers, gas and water connections and man
tels for a 6-room cottage: owner, Samuel Mc-
Kelvey; contractor^ Edward Glnley; cost. 51265.
Southerly line <♦ Clementina, 490 feet east of
Fourth, east 120 by south iO— All work for two
2-story brick buildings; owner, H. E. Holmes
& • Co. ; architect. . Fred B. . Wood ; contractors,
J. M. & C. B. Abrams; cost, $2250.
Westerly line of Bryant, 175 feet south of Six
i teenth, south 25 by west 100— All work for a
1-story frame cottage; owner, J. E. Nieland;
i contractor, Douglass & Co.; cost, $1200.
Northwest corner of Mission.* and Second, 112
by ICo— All roof work, flashings on same; own
ers. Wells, Fargo & Co.; architects, Percy -&
■ Hamilton: contractors, Parafflne Paint ■ Com
pany; coat, $1225.
Southwest corner of Stevenson and Third
: streets, southeast 45 by southwest 75—Carpen
try, mill work, glass, tin and galvanized iron,
• i plastering, cementing, painting, etc., for a 6
■ Btory brick building; owner, F. & A. Baruch;
architects, Percy & Hamilton; contractor, D.
B. Monroe; cost, $13,577.
Northeasterly line of Fremont. 223:4 southeast
, of Howard, southeast' 45:10 by northeast 275— A1l
work except wrought iron for a 2-story brick
building: owner. \V. F. Whittier: architect,
Edwn«l I!. -Swain; contractors, Hannah Bros.;
cost, $5397. - • • ••
Almshouse Tract, In front of chapel build
jng — All work for a 1-story frame library build-
I Ing; owner, James ]>. Phelan; architects, Cur
lett &■ McCaw; contractor, Z. O. Field; cos*.,
1 $3088.
Northwest corner of Montgomery avenue and
Taylor street— work for a 2-story frame
building, 2 flats-; owner, E. H. Ho thin; con
tractor, c. * M. Depewj cost, $2000. ■
Southerly line. of Hayes street, 165 feet west
, of Laguna, west 27:6 by south 120 — work
for a 3-story frame building; owners, ■ James J.
! and Mary E. Silvey: architect, T. C. Coch
rane; contractor, R. J. Pavert; cost, $6700. ••
Westerly line of Jones street. 93:9 north' of
; Lombard, north 31:3 by west — All work,
except mantels, eras fixtures, ' etc., for a- 2-
Story frame building; owner, Dennis T. . Sulli
van; contractor, Philip Rive; cost, $4600.
Easterly line of Mason street, 73 feet south of
Pacific, south 49:6 by east 35:6— A1l work for
alterations and additions, except painting,
i mantel!', gas fixtures; etc., , for a 2-story frame
. building; owner, Mrs. Annie Drossel: archi
\ tects, Kenitzer & Barth; contractor, C. Kreeker;
cost, $1005. '
, . ... RECENT SALES.. • '. - !..'!
The following, sales were recently negotiated
by the real estate firm of Getz Brothers: ■>--
25x120. lot and Improvements, on west line
of Nineteenth avenue, 2.'0 feet north of Point
I>obos, for $S0O; lot 20 and 4. r ,xlf>7 on north line
of Point Lobos avenue, 75 . feet west ■ of Nine
teenth/, for *SEO; ' 26x120, , on east line of Tenth
avenue. 275 feet south- of X • street, . for . J600:
2.'ix120, oh east line of Nineteenth avenue, ; 100
f eet " north ■ of J street, -for $100; 23x120,' on east
line Of Seventeenth, avenue. ,275 feet- south of
II street, -■ for iff'OO; -.MslOO. on ■ south line of J
street. £2:6 east of Ninth avenue, for $1200;
57:6x100,- on . northwest corner -of-. Eighteenth
ovenue and J street, for $SCO. . . .
Mrs. A. .M. Simpson, wife of the ' lumber
. ■
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
OAKLAND MAY
NEED WATER
One of Its Sources of
Supply Getting Low.
BERKELEY MAY BE RELIEVED
MOUNTAIN VIEW LOSING ITS
BEAUTIFUL DECORATION.
So Far the Artesian Supply at Alva
rado Has Given No Indication
That the Wells May
Run Dry.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 8.
The continued dry weather has seri
ously affected the water supply of this
county and there is a possibility that be
fore the autumn rains set in the. experi
ence of Berkeley will be repeated in other
cities.
The beautiful Mountain View Cemetery
is partially wrecked so far as its artistic
lawn and floral work goes by the scarcity
of water. The regular supply has been
exhausted for two weeks, and much dam
age has resulted. The new water com
pany is now laying pipe from its Broad
way reservoir near Fabiola Hospital to
the cemetery grounds, and in a short
time the cemetery will be relieved. A
complete pumping tank is also being
erected on the ground. <
The same company has also made a
proposition to relieve the present water
famine in Berkeley. It has offered to
supply the town with water providing
meters are allowed to govern the supply.
Should this offer be accepted many miles
of pipe will have to be laid at once. The
wells at Alvarado are this year flowing
without cessation. Each year since they
were tapped for the purpose of supplying
Oakland there has been some defect in
the supply. This year, however, there has
as yet been no limit to the amount of wa
ter available for use, and so far there is
no indication of any.
The large reservoirs of the old company
are lower than they have ever been at
this time of year. The Temescal Lake is
very low, while the supply at LakeChabot
is also limited.
It will be impossible, however, for either
company to curtail the supply to house
holders, because in such an event the
other company would undoubtedly re
ceive the whole business of the city.
The Contra Costa company could have
averted any possible shortage of water
by additional reservoirs, because early in
the year the rainfall was so great that
many millions of gallons had to be run
off the lake at San Leandro. As these
lakes depend entirely for their supply on
the rainfall, and as the earth will be so
very dry this fall that It will be a long
while before any water gathers in the
lakes, their supply cannot be materially
replenished until the close of the year.
A civil engineer of this city who has
studied the water question very closely
says that with the growth of towns on
this side the bay the question of a perma
nent water supply is annually becoming
more serious. At the present time each
of the old water companies is supplying
about half of the city, and the new com
pany says it is able, if necessary, to sup
ply the whole town and Berkeley besides
without running any risk of its Alvarado
wells becoming dry.
No Trace of His Son.
OAKLAND, .July B.— All efforts of J. E. |
Depue to find his missing son have proven
futile. To-day he had Mrs. Sadie Blaney ;
; of San Francisco, his second wife, whom :
merchant of that name, recently purchased tin
residence at 2010 Pacific avenue from Mrs. Sarah
E. Klakely. The lot is 05x137:6. The sale was
made through the p.gency of Shainwald, Buck
bee & Co. for $20,000.
The firm of Uovee, Toy & Sonntag were the
amenta in the sale of the residence property
• n the northerly line of Tost street, 195 feet
east Of Octavia in the Interest of Mrs. Mary
M. Scharlne. The lot is 20x100 feet and the
price obtained for the entire property was 516,
000. The same firm also purrbr.sed 10y acres
■if land in S.tnta c!ara County, four mik-s
from Redwood, for M. J. Smlthers. The land,
which is belnp cultivated for the growing Of
praln and the cultivation of fruit, was bought
fur H4.250.
The following sales are reported by the firm
of Baldwin & Howell:
Lot including improvements on the t.outhwest
line Of Norfolk street, 357 feet southeast of
Fulsom, 2"ixC4. SIO.'O: lot and 5-room cottage on
the -couth side of Eighteenth street, 33 feet
east of Sanchez, $1600; lot and 5-room cottage
on the north side of Clement street, 82:6 east
of Fifth avenue, 52250; lot and improvements
on the northwest corner of Shotwell street and
Precita avenue. 50x100, $1800; lot on the south
west corner of M street and Ninth avenue,
57:6x100, $750; lot on the east line of De Haro
street, 66:S north of Twenty-first, 66:8x100, $600;
lot on the southeast corner of Jersey and Dia
mond streets, 30x90, $1200; lot on the northeast
corner of Twenty-fourth and Nebraska streets,
2")Xl0n, $lf,00; lot on the south sidt; of M street,
57:6 west of Tenth avenue, 25x100. $400; lot on
the south side, of J street. 3Z:fl west of Elev
enth avenue, 100x100, $1500; lot on the west line
<>f Eighth avenue, 100 feet south of J street,
50x120. $1100.
RANDOM NOTES.
The contract for a 2-story frame building
to be erect vd by the Fire Department on the
southeast corner of Holly Park and West ave
nues will b<: let in the near future. The bids
on the building were closed last Tuesday.
The work of remodeling the old Auditorium
Theater on Eddy and Jones streets Is nearlng
completion, and it is expected to be In readiness
for occupancy by the last part of August.
About $10,000 is being expended in the erec
tion of an additional story on the Langham
Hotel on the corner of lOllis and Mason streets.
Work ha« already commenced and will be
completed as soon as possible.
Architect A. F. Oakley has taken new of
fices in the Flood building.
H. E. Fohlman, the real estate agent, has
removed his office to the Clunie building, at
603 California street.
St. Luke's Church was moved from Its for
mer sito on the southeast corner of Van Ness
avenue and Clay street to the opposite corner.
The work was done for tho purpose of clearing
the lot fur the erection of a new edifice, the
plans for which have been already submitted
and accepted.
Mrs. Hannah Liebes has had plins prepared
by M. J. Lyon for a $10,000 residence on the lot
purchased by her on the north side of Broad
way, west of Fillmure street.
Hhalnwuid, Btzckbee & Co. report that within
a few weeks they have made an aggregate of
{60,000 of r.mall sales. Among them are the fol
lowing: Lot 80x89:9 and cottage of D. A. Mo-
Intosh, at 2408 Franklin street, near Vallejo,
to "Mrs. C. E. Hawkins, for $3500; lot 27,
and Improvements, on the south line of Jack
eon street. 137:6 west of Scott, to Miss Edith
D. Solomon, for $!'250; lot, 47x60. and house on
the southeast corner of Jones street and
liroadway, to J. D. Smiley, for $2500; and a
lot, 50x120, on the wost line of Ninth avenue,
IS", feet south of California street, for $!500.
James Murphy has sold his 9-room residence
and the lot, 18:9x100, on the south line of
Green street, 100 west of Flllmore, to Dr. It.
H. Curtlss, for $7000. Uovee, Toy & Sonntag
were the brokers.
Another transaction by the same firm has
been the sale of the house and lot on the cor
ner of Nineteenth and West streets, Oakland,
from H. R. Curry f> .lames Murry, for 160001
Henry P. Sonntag has leased the premises at
the northwest corner of Sansome and Jackson
streets, which he recently bought, to the Hay
don Packing Company as a warehouse for five
yeara for $1800 a year.
The larger leases reported by F>ovee, Toy &
Sonntag are as follows: The new four-story
and-basenient brick building of A. M. Belshaw,
on the north^ist side nf Fremont street, be
tween Mission and Howard, to the Lloyd-
Sr.ovcl Iron Company for five years from De
cember 1, for Slß.fiOO; the first floor an d base
ment on the southwest corner of Clay and San
some streets, from George H. Howard to Mc-
Murray & Callen, for five years, for $9000; the
four-story-and-bascment building at 22 Sansome
street, from the Van Winkle estate to Luscomb
& Isaac, for five years, and tho store and base
ment at 410 Post street to the Wetmore Cresta
Blanca Wine Company, for eight years, the
rental aggregating 184,660.
Henry Norman,
Special Commissioner of the
London Chronicle,
Writes About the New America
In Next Sunday's Call.
he is suing for a divorce: her father and
mother, Mr. and Mrs. G. M. Blair, and
O. J. Backus, brought before Judge Og
>den on a writ of habeas corpus. None
of them could tell anything of the boy's
whereabouts, although counsel and court
questioned them closely. The stepmother
testified that the boy left her February
6, but she did not know where he went.
Mrs. Blaney saw him last four days
prior to that date. The grandparents de
clared that they had not supplied him
with funds to leave and did not know
where he was. On this showing the writ
was dismissed. The boy is^but 13 years of
age.
B. F. Coyle Wanted in New York City
OAKLAND, July B.— Rev. R. F. Coyle,
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church,
will leave Monday for New York City,
whither he goes to investigate a call
given him to become the pastor of the
Madison-avenue Presbyterian Church. It
5b one of the most prominent and wealth
iest churches of the denomination in the
United States. It is generally believed
that Dr. Coyle will accept this call, and
begin his pastorate October 1. He came
here six years ago from Chicago, and is
regarded as the most eloquent orator on
the Pacific Coast.
Mangled Beneath Carwheels.
OAKLAND, July B.— Edward Powers, a
switchman in the Peralta-street yards,
fell under the wheels of a moving train
last night and was badly mangled. There
was a compound fracture of both bones
in the right forearm, a comminuted frac
ture of another portion of the same arm,
the thumb crushed, the left hand badly
injured and the left foot mashed badly.
The physicians declare that his condition
is good, and ihat he may live. He was
removed at once to the Fabiola Hospital,
where he will be cared for.
A MET CALF MEETING.
Prominent Republicans Indorse the
Oakland Attorney for Congress.
. ALAMEDA, July B.— Leading Republi
cans of this city met at Linderman Hall
last night to take steps to advance the
interests of Victor E. Metcalf as a can
didate for Congress in the Third District
in opposition to Hilborn. It was not an
open public meeting, but among those in
attendance were many of the best known
of the Republicans of this city. It was
decided that the Congressional canvass
should be kept entirely distinct from any
other political tight, and that to mingle
in the contest for any other position'
would bo disastrous.
Speeches were made by Dr. C. L. Tls
dale. K. A. Randlett, W. H. Davis, Ralph
Hamlin and others, and it was decided to
call a mass meeting for Monday evening,
July IS, to indorse Metcalf's candidacy.
O'Keefe Threatens Suicide.
ALAMEDA, July B.— Patrick O'Keefe,
the milkman, whose wife disappeared
over a year aero, and whose children were
taken away from him because of his
cruel treatment, has sold out and disap
peared. He told a neighbor that he went
to Oakland to see his daughters and they
would have nothing to do wiTJT him.
Thereupon he had made up his mind that
the best thing ' do was to kill h'*---"
and he proposed to do it. The neighbor
agreed with him that that was th< oi
he could do, and O'Keefe departed, osten
sibly to carry out his design. Nothing
has been seen of him since, but the Coro
ner, who has been notified, has not yet
instituted a search for his remains.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, July B.— Letters have been
sejit to Senator Perkins and to prominent
officials in Washington protesting against
the rejection of \V. E. Lucas from Com
pany G on account of his color.
The officers of the ferry boat Enclnal
prevented a well dressed lady, who ap
peared to be in deep distress, from jump
ing overboard yesterday afternoon while
en route to San Francisco. The lady re
sides in this city. Her name could not be
learned.
The Young Men's Institute of this city
Installed their new officers last evening,
and afterward had a musical programme
and a banquet.
The following Alamedans are delegates
to the Populist convention wnich meets
in Oakland to-morrow: N. A. Manson,
E. A. Allen. S. A. Taft. S. G. Mitchell.
Green Majors, E. H. Jackson, John San
tlne. P. L. Lyons. W. M. Cubery. George
R. Read. G. W. Bassett, E. Robert and
P. N". Anton.
City Attorney Taylor has rendered an
opinion that revenue stamps need not be
affixed to city warrants. The Board of
Education has been using stamps on such
orders for money, but will probably desist
under the opinion noted.
ADJOURNMENT
OF CONGRESS
War Session Draws to
a Close.
SENATE WASTES NO TIME
McKINLEY PRESENT TO SIGN
MANY BILLS.
Patriotic Demonstration Follows the
Conclusion of the Session
of the House of Rep
resentatives.
Special' Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON, July B.— ln a man
ner so simple to be almost perfunc
tory the Senate, at 2:06 o'clock this aft
ernoon, adjourned without day. It
had been agre 1 when the Senate con
vened at noon that the House resolu
tion providing for the adjournment of
Congress at 2 o'clock to-day should be
adopted and that an executive session
should be held to confirm the nomina
tions in the military and naval estab
lishments. No other business except of
the merest routine nature was t© be
transacted. The arrangement was car
ried out to the letter.
For nearly an hour previous to ad
journment President McKinley and all
the members of the Cabinet, except
Secretaries Day and Long were In the
Speaker's room adjoining the Senate
chamber. During that time the Presi
dent signed a large number of en
grossed bills, many of which would
have failed had it been necessar- to
send them to the Executive Mansion
for his signature.
Mr. Morg-" o* Alabama opposed the
proposed adjournment, maintaining
that it would be far more desirable for
Congress to take a recess until the first
Monday In September. He urged that
the war with Spain seemed to be draw
ing to a conclusion and insisted that It
was the duty of -ongress to remain in
session, as auctions of the gravest
consequence might be precipitated at
any moment. He urged, too, that a
treaty of peace with Spain might soon
demand the atU-ntion of the Senate.
After a half-dozen objections had
prevented the consideration of the bill
permitting volunteers at the front to
cast their votes for members of Con
gress Thurston secured the adoption of
a resolution for the appointment of a
committee if fifteen Senators to attend
the Transmississippi Exposition at
Omaha on a stated day. Then, at 1:05
p. m., on motion of Allison, the Senate
went into executive session. At one
minute of 2 o'clock the executive ses
sion ended and the doors were opened
for the closing legislative session.
The clock by which the Senate regu
GAMBLERS HAD
TO DISGORGE
Mrs. Murphy Refused to
Be a Victim.
HER HUSBAND LOST MONEY
THE LADY QUICKLY PROVED IT
BELONGED TO HER.
A Forgotten Power of Atcorney En
abled Murphy to Make a Large
, Loan to Him
self.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 8.
Mrs. J. D. Murphy is more than a match
for the gamblers who won all her money
from her husband, and to-night $500 that
Murphy lost at craps last night is back in
his wife's wallet.
Last night Murphy, a young drygoods
clerk, started from home with the idea
that ho could make a little money by
shooting craps. He lives with his wife,
and they have some little property inter
ests. About a year ago it became neces
sary in order to transact some business j
that Murphy should have his wife's power
of attorney. After the immediate use for
it had passed it was not revoked, and is
still in force.
When the idea came over Murphy that
he would like to make some money at
crap shooting he exercised his power of
attorney to borrow $500 from his wife's
account at a bank. He had not far to go
to rind a game, for within a few blocks
of his home he discovered that he could
be accommodated with all the crap shoot
ing he desired. The game was located on
Broadway, near Ninth street.
Murphy started out in great luck. He
won $100* in a few minutes and then noth
ing could stop him from breaking the
bank. He played on and finally found his
pockets empty and the necessity of mak
ing a confession before him. Murnhy went
home and told his wife, but she did not
propose to suffer on account of her hus
band's gambling propensities and she at
once sought an attorney to secure the re
covery of the money.
While the gamblers were congratulating
themselves pn their good luck Ex-District
Attorney George Reed appeared with Mrs.
Murphy and explained the circumstances.
There was no possibility of compromise,
for Mrs. Murphy was obdurate and de
manded her money unconditionally.
There was no need, however, of her mak
ing any threats, for the sports received
the lady with becoming respect and rather
admired her pluck. When her attorney
vouched for the truth of the story the $500
was at once handed to her and she went
home happier and wiser.
SOLDIERS SUFFER
FROM MAL-DE-MER
NOT AT ALL SATISFIED WITH
THH DAILY RATIONS.
A Letter From the City of Para Tells
of the Joy With Which the
Boys Will Sight
Hawaii.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 8.
A letter has been received by the
brother of Thomas J. Thompson, who is
in charge of the hospital corps aboard
lates its business had been turned back
five minutes in order that tne extra
time might be gained.
Spooner offered a resolution thanking
Senator Frye, president pro tempore of
the Senate, for the able and courteous
manner in which he had presided over
the deliberations, of the Senate during
the present session. It was adopted.
A similar resolution offered by Cock
rell of Missouri thanking Vice-Presi
dent Hobart was adopted with a rous
ing aye.
Vice-President Hobart then, the hour
of 2 o'clock being indicated by the Sen
ate timepiece, formally declared the
Senate adjourned without day.
In the House, when Speaker Reed
announced at 2 o'clock, "this second
session of this Congress adjourned
without day," a great cheer arose, and
then again began a scene which, while
similar to the usual closing scenes of
sessions, far surpassed in enthusiasm
and manifest good feeling any similar
episode in the memory of the oldest
member of the House. The occupants
of the packed galleries, who had risen
to go, paused as they heard several of
the members begin singing "America."
Other members hurriedly crowded
around the Speaker's stand and joined
the singers, until within a short time, it
seemed all the members present were aid
ing in swelling the volume of song.
Presently voices here and there in the
galleries joined in, and It was not long
until members and spectators were all
singing the patriotic hymn.
The scene was a marked transition from
the many partisan demonstrations which
had been witnessed such a short time be
fore. Democrats and Republicans were
now singing in accord the national an
them. When the song ceased, some mem
ber proposed three cheers for the nation's
President, and the roar of sound that
followed game from a united House.
"The North, South East and West— a
United Country," was proposed, and then
In turn came the heroes of the war—
Dewey, Schley, Hobpon, Sampson— and
finally, the former Representative, Gen
eral Joseph Wheeler, who is now cling
ing, though ill, to his command in front
of Santiago, was named, and the hall re
sounded with cheers of thrilling strength.
Then the singing proceeded.
Meantime. Sergeant at Arms Russell
had brought in 200 small American flags
and every member was now waving one.
"The Star Spangled Banner" was sung
while flags waved and the galleries
cheered. Later followed. "Yankee Doodle"
and "Dixie." the latter, perhaps, for the
iirst time in the House by members.
Cheers for the Speaker were given, and
then, as the members began leaving,
saying farewell to colleagues, ''Home,
Sweet Home" and "Auld Lang Syne" sup
planted the patriotic airs, and Impressed
more strongly upon the hearers that an
other session was ended.
Clerk McDowell, when the singing
ceased, mounted the clerk's stand and
announced that Allen of Mississippi had
opened a recruiting office in the Ways
and Means Committee room, and a few
minutes later Allen, popularly known aa
"Private John," arose and said:
"The Congressional Rough Riders will
report to me in the committee room and
enlist for Cuba."
The announcement was suggestive of
his speech delivered a number of days
ago, in which he proposed that a com
pany of Congressmen be recruited.
THE LIE PASSED
IN THE HOUSE
WASHINGTON, July B.— The end of the
session of Congress in the House was
marked by two notable Incidents. One
was sensationally partisan, well nigh re
sulting in personal conflicts upon the floor
of the House; the other was notably pa
triotic, and swept away all signs of the
former.
The only measure of. importance was a
bill to reimburse States for expenses In
the City of Para.one of the last transports
which shows that the life on the trans
port is a long way different from that en
joyed by the men in their homes. The
letter was put aboard a passing ship in
midocean.
"Nearly all of the men wore seasick and
suffered terribly," says Thompson. "In
fact, several of the men were so entirely
overcome by pain that they became de
lirious and wanted to jump overboard.
My three companions from Oakland-
George C. Taylor, E. Pierce and J. T.
McDermott— were among those who suf
fered least. The major has been in bed
since the time he left San Francisco, so
the boys have had things much their
own way. All of the hospital boys are
called doctors, and on the wnole we have
«. good time.
"The men are packed like sheep, and
•eally they are not fed much better. We
•our have a stateroom and are allowed
♦o go all over the vessel, and as there
«n a good supply of whisky in the hospi
tal, it did not take us long to win the
cook over to our side. We are serving as
a hospital corps of the regular army, and
the volunteer officers show us more re
spect than they do volunteers of the
same rank."
Thompson says that one evening a com
pany of the soldiers were so annoyed
with the food that was offered them that
they went into the officers' quarters and
helped themselves to canned articles. He
says the heat is intense and the boys
will all be glad when they reach Manila,
if for no other reason than that they
will be able to take a walk without fall
ing over somebody.
The general health of all on board was
good, except for seasickness, and when
the letter was written the boys were an
ticipating a great time on their arrival
at Honolulu.
Oakland's News Items.
OAKLAND, July B.— Ex-Mayor John L. Da
vie, who recently opened an office as an attor
ney, has purchased the interest of A. B. Dor
rell in the Emma Transportation company, and
will po back to the freight business. As Mr.
Dorrell was business manager Mr. Davie will
probably occupy the same position in the com-
pany.
City Auditor Snow, ex-offlcio City Assessor,
will notify the City Council and Board of Ed
ucation that owing to the reduction made in
assessments by Assessor Dalton the city's in
come will be greatly reduced in comparison
with last year, and they must govern their ac
tions accordingly.
Mrs. Mary Flaherty applied to the Prosecu
ting Attorney's rffice to-day for the arrest of
Conrad Thaler for battery- They are neigh
bors and she drove Thaler's cow out of her
garden, when, she claims, he struck her with
a rock. She has two witnesses.
The county general fund is down to $40,000,
and $30,000 of this will be needed for salaries
for the next four months. All demands upon
this fund until taxes begin to come In in No
vember will have to be registered and held
over.
Judge Ogden to-day awarded Mrs. Annie
Beaudry, widow of the late L. M. Beaudry.
a portion of the estate, valued at $187,064 83. It
Is mostly In reaa estate and has $20,000 indebt
edness against it.
Ah Kay, caught by Serjjeant Morrison for
selling lottery' tickets to Mrs. Morrison, pleaded
guilty to-day and was "-od $100 in the Police
Court. He asked for leniency, as he had a
family to support.
State Controller Colgan has apportioned the
Ptate school money. Alameda County, with 29,
710 school children, will receive $93,283 40.
A NARROW ESCAPE.
A Toy Cannon Nearly Costs a Young
Man His Life.
ALAMEDA, July ,8.— Al Donald, a 15
year-old boy, made a cannon out of an
old bicycle pump, and was practicing
with it in a yard on Alameda avenue this
evening. He loaded it nearly to the muz
zle and touched it off. The cannon
proved a success. It went off with a
roar. It also went through a board gate
and out Into" the street. A young man
named Frank O'Brien was passing at the
time, and the ugly missile flew past his
face, tearing his left ear and bruising his
cheek. Half an inch more and it would
have killed him. The noise of the explo
sion drew a large crowd, and O'Brien was
taken to a physician for treatment, while
the young cannoneer took to hl3 heels
and at this writing has not been founa.
Local Lodges Install Officers.
BERKELEY, July B.— Berkeley Lodge,
No. 270, I. O. O. F., installed officers last
night as follows: N. G., E. J. Pullen; V.
G., Byron Underwood; secretary, W. M.
Chase; treasurer, Joseph Chappie; con
ductor, A. H. Broad; Warden, J. T.
Streishtii; I. G., John M. Foy; O. G., L.
Wilkes; R. S. N. G., J. W. Striker; L. 3.
N. G., W. M. Ellis; R. S. V. G., J. Pape;
R. S. S.. J. Davis; L. S. S., W. R. Stamp
er; chaplain, D. W. Gilbert.
Court Ocean View, Foresters of Amer
ica, installed officers at "West Berkeley last
curred in aiding the organization of the
volunteer army.
Handy (D.) of Delaware, by moving to
strike from the Record a part of the
speech which appeared as that of Ray
(R.) of New York, precipitated the dis
pute which brought on the closing Inci
dent of sensational nature. Handy de
clared the part in question was never
uttered upon the floor of the House, and
read from reporters' notes to corroborate
his assertion. Ray declared he had ut
tered every word. The House was be
coming excited, the packed galleries were
i intensely interested.
"Mr. Speaker," resumed Hand", "a
; question of veracity has arisen here. If
the gentleman from New York says he
uttered the words in question I declare
| upon my honor he did not, and I hold
! here the reporter's notes, which show
i that he did not, and I rely upon the mem
ory of members to substantiate what I
; say."
"Vote! Vote! Vote!" came from mem
bers all over the House, who were in
haste to have the Ray-Handy incident
closed. A vote was taken. The House
declined to strike out the speech. A
i division was called for, and the negative
vote prevailed.
Cannon was standing just across the
center aisle, his face flushed and his eyes
fixed upon the minority, growing appar
ently indignant.
"I call for tellers," said Handy, and
with that the veteran member from ll
i llnois stepped into the aisle.
I "You are deliberately obstructing public
I business in which the whole country is
I interested—"
The rest of his remarks were lost in
j the jeers of the minority, calls for the
(• regular order and the resulting confu
sion, as Cannon charged up the aisle,
pouring out a flood of vigorous denuncia
tion. He had reached a point opposite
I Ball (D.) of Texas. Cannon had called
! for the yeas and nays, saying it was
• manifest that the Democrats would call
for them. Cannon had repeated his
charge of obstruction, when Ball, ad
dressing the Republican side, as it sub
sequently developed, declared:
"Tho Rt-cord is false, and you knew
it was false when you voted against cor
recting it."
"That is a lie," cried Cannon, and in
an instant the belligerent members wer»
struggling to control them. The House
was upon its feet. Marsh (R.) of Illinois
seized Cannon and thrust him aside, and
when Ball asked Cannon "to come out
side," and the latter was moving to com
ply, Lewis CD.) of Washington tooK
charge of the Illinois member and re
strained him.
Meantime the Speaker had been pound
ing hard, and the sergeant at arms, Rus
sell, had seized the big silver mace
and was moving among the members
where the greatest disorder prevailed.
Order was restored slowly and the roll
call proceeded, while the galleries com
' mented upon what they had seen in tht»
course of a visit to Washington.
The roll call upon Handy's motion to
strike out resulted, yeas, 50; nays, 106.
Later Ijm the session Cannon explained
that BalWiad addressed his remarks not
' to him personally, and, therefore, he de-
I sired to withdraw his offensive state-
ment.
The Speaker named Henderson, Hopkins
of Illinois knd Richardson of Tennessee
as a committee to wait upon the Presi
dent, in company with a Senate commit
tee, and announce the readiness of Con
greFS to adjourn.
"Mr. Speaker," said Henderson, after
the return and reporting- the committee
had discharged its duties, "the President
directs the committee to saj' he has no
further communications to make to the
House and pays he desires to congratu
late this Congress upon its patriotic and
faithful work."
The report was applauded.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The f*e- _ yf
night, as follows: D. McLauehlin. C. X. ;
P. Nichelmann, S. C. R. ; C. Engebretzen,
R. C; T. Donahue, F. S.; J. Renas, treas
urer; H. Dean, S. W.; E. Bave, J. W.; C.
Kimbel, J. B.
Not Mr. Fitzgerald.
OAKLAND. July B.— The Mr. Fitzgerald
mentioned as Brother Ambrose lost on
the Bourgogne is yet alive and a rising 1
young lawyer in New York. Brother
Ambrose, or John J. O'Malley, was edu
cated at Rock Hill College, Maryland.
Mr. Fitzgerald Is an A. ftl. of Manhattan
College, New York. He Is a counsin of
the deceased.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. July B.— Mrs. Florence
Chick of the Berkeley branch of the Red
Cross Society has tendered her resigna
tion as chairman of the committee on ma
terials and bandages. She will be suc
ceeded by Mrs. -C. C. Connell.
Professor E. W. Hilpard, of the depart
ment of agriculture in the Univ, rsitv of
California, will leave to-morrow for Den
ver to attend a conference of leading agri
culturist?, called to discuss the question
of irrigation.
Librarian J. C. Rowell. of the Univer
sity of California, will return next Mon
day to take charge of the university li
brary.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■:■
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOX
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA;
LIVER COMPLAINTS.
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." British JledicaUourna',
CAUTION: See that the label bears the signa-
ture of the firm. : \\ ■
■ . • . Andreas Snxlehner.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
g 625 KEARXT .ST. Established
3» in 1854 for the treatment of Private
jw Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
£& disease wearing on bodyand mind and
m Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
S3 <'iii-e*euar:uite«>d. Callorwrite.
" Dr. J. I\«i£BJ3ON, Box 1957, San Francisco.
£LIXIR OF V rIU IW§
The pur« essential extract from the native draff. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium 1
without fts noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach:!
; CO vomiting mo costiveness ; no headache. All Drm?t;ist
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
| CO. European plan. Rooms . tOe to $1 50 day,
; $5 to «8 week, $8 to *30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator . runs all night.
£ c 3c 3
V£S^33o MARKET ST. S.F.^^^
. \.y J- OCF.AN ZBAVJSU-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fc^ • Steamers leave Broadway
Vy!W^ wharf, San Francisco.
i*-^K?jS?V For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
t\W^*t»W s ' July 5. 10, 15, 20, 25. 30; August
E;*g%\Sira 4, transfer at Seattle.
■MjM Mil For Alaskan ports (from
fiß|£j!^SBj(ll Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m..
■^^i-S'-VsM July IV August 4, 25, transfer
at Portland. Or.
. For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C.) Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m.. July 5. 10. 15. 20, 25, 30. August 4. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company" s steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
W For C 'Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
July 1, 7, 13, 19, 25. 31. August 6, and every
sixth day thereafter. •
For Santa Cruz, Monterey," San Simeon,
Cayucoa, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara; Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., July 4. 8. 12. 16; 20. 24. 28.
August 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a m., July 2. 6. 10, 14, 18, 22. 28. 30, August 3.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. July 17.
August 14. .. •
For further Information obtain folder.
-.The' company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour? of wailing. ,
TI«;KKT OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel V
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agta.,
■ - , 10 -Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
WBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-etreet Wharf at 10 a. m. '• ' :
CADE S'2 First Class Including Bert*
i IHIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
■ ;< SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: •
Columbia July 2. 10, 18, 28
State of California .....July 6, 14. 22, 30
St. Paul ........ $16 OujSt. Louis . v J32 00
Kansas City 20 00 [Chicago 2750
Omaha 28 OOiNew York .......3103
• . E. C. WARD, General Agent,
- . - 630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. '
Superintendents. .
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqug.
-. ■.■.'-'■■/ -French Line to Havre. ■'■
"'Company's: I'ier (new). 42 , "North j-~~m-
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <f-T fTT^i
by this line avoid ' both transit by*^^***^?"
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
! the channel in a small boat. New York -.to
i Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first : class, $140;
second cli •>, $116. - .
LA NORMANDIE..... ...July 16. 10. a. m.
LABRETAGNE ....July 23, 10 a. m.
LA GAPC0GNE.. ....... .....July 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURQOGNE ........Aug. 8, 10 a. m.
LA N0RMAND1E...... ...... ...Aug. 13, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to ' .
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Apent, ...
No. "3 Bowling Green. New York..
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. ' . - •
! DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
; F. Bismarck."'... July 2S!F." Bismarck.: August 23
IA: Victoria... August 11; A. Victoria ..Sept. ". 3
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURa DIRECT.
; Pretoria. ...".. '....July 91 Phoenicia.:.'. July 30
! Patr1a. ...... .....Ju1y IS (Pennsylvania... Aug. 6
I Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway NT
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast.
| 401 California st., cor. Sansome,-San Francisco.
i Prarap^fl^ The S. S. ALAMEDA
' JS F^Bnib|Hlii& sail.<! via Honolulu and
f?.wfHTK Auckland for Sydney
■j^YjSLfJsf" -■> * -Wednesday, July 13, at
IBfJls^StMHSniD-' 2 p. m. t0 COCLGAR-
JpjjniSlllnc/ '•Line to COCLGAR-
\&.&SO ®£ IX ,. DIE " Australia, and
£*gr (OfII3SRy* CAPE TOWN. South
\v»if^vjfcq Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents/; :
:- - 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market st., San ' Francisco. -
: FOR O.S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLDO.
i , Steamer "Monticello." .-'..■■•
Mon., Tues. Wed., Thurs. and 5at..........
,-r 9:45 a.' m. 8:15 p. m. '8:30 p. m. ex. Thnr«.> .;
j Friday5;........ . ....... ....1 p. m. and S:3O. p. m.
1 Sundays '...."..'...".. .......10:30 a. m. and 8 p. a.
I Landing . and Offices— Mission Dock,' PUr &
j r Telephone Red 2241. .
1112
WILL FLY THE
AMERICAN FLAG
Hawaiian Vessels to Be
So Honored.
ANNEXATION DOES THE TRICK
O. AND 0. STEAMERS PREVENTED
CALLING AT HONOLULU.
Unknown Man Drowned at Section
3 of the Seawall in "eresence
of Captain Hansen'a
Wife.
The annexation of Hawaii has piven
fifty-throe vessels American registry. Of
these twenty-four arc steamers, four full
rlßßed ships, ten barks and seventeen
schooners. The China and Zealandla flew
the Hawaiian flas. hut when the Govern
ment chartered them for transports they
were at once Riven American registry.
The Pacific Mall and the Southern Pa
cific will be gainers, as their steamers,
Aztec. Barracouta ar.«l San Mateo, all
come in unrler the new regime. They
were built In England, and for a long time
traded for their American owners under
the British flap. When the question of
annexation came up, Collls P. Huntingdon
took occasion to send them, one after an
other, to Honolulu, where they secured a
Hawaiian registry. The Barracouta was
the last one to go down, and her owners
hai! a preat deal of trouble, as they also
had with the China, in getting her under
the Hawaiian flag.
Tin- other twenty steamers are nearly
all engaged In the inter-island trade Of
th»F«' the largest are the Claudine, which
brought the news of the revolution to
San Francisco; Kiuau and Mauna Loa.
The Claudine is 600 tons burden, and was
built in England in 1S90; the Kiuau is 773
tons burden and was built in Philadel
phia in ISS3, and the Mauna Loa is SJ6
tons burden and was built in l'ori
lilake.ley in 1*94. Nearly all the ot ! i'?r
steamers were built in San Francisco.
The whaling steamer Alexander r.lso
comes under the flag. She was formerly
the Russian steamer Alexander 111.
When fitted out for a sealing cruise a
number of years ago by San Francisco
parties she was placed under the Ha
waiian flag. The Alexander is now In the
Arctic.
The ships that will now fly the Stars i
and Stripes are: The Fort George, Helen ;
Brewer, John Kna and Hawaiian Isles.
The Fort George was formerly a British
ship, but was sold to Hawaiian raer- .
chants and put under the Hawaiian flag. ■
The ether three vessels were built in Eng- j
land for Hawaiian parties.
The baiks, all well known here, are: <
The Andrew Welch, Poohng Suey. lolani, ;
Diamond Head, Mauna Ala, Nuuana. Ft.
P Kithet, Rosalie, Himalaya, Roderick
Dhu and Santiago. All of them are en
gaged in the sugar trade. Ihe Roderick '■
Dhu was formerly the British ship of ,
that name. The Diamond Head was for- i
merly the British bark Gainsborough.
While on her way to Honolulu from Syd
ney, N. S. \\'.. with a cargo of coal, she
went on the reef near Diamond Head and '
was abandoned. The wreck was pur- j
chased by Hawaiian parties, who got the;
vessel oif and renamed her Diamond [
Head.
Of the schooners, only two are engaged ,
In the sugar trade. They are the four
masted steel vessels Americana and Hono
lulu, built in England a few years ;igo.
The other schooners are small craft, of j
from forty to 10<J tons burden, all engaged ,
in the inter-island trade.
Ine Occidental ana Oriental ;-nd the
Oceanic steamship companies will feel
the effect of annexation. None of the )
former company's vessels and the Ocean- i
lc Company's Moana will In future be !
able to stop at Honolulu and do business. |
Of course they can stop to land pas-
Bengera and freight on their way from i
China and Australia to San Francisco, j
but on the outward trip they will have
tn Fkip the islands.
Some of the sugar packets are making
long trips from the islands. The bar., j
Ceylon and schooner Spokane are out '
thfrty-four and thirty-two days rcspec
tlvely from Hllo. while the bark Hima
laya is thirty-two days out from Hono
lulu. Every steamer thnt has arrived
from <he South Pacific during the past i
fortnight has reported strong head winds, i
so the chances are that the sailing yes- |
sels are being delayed from the same .
cause.
An unknown man was drowned from i
section 3 of the sea wall last night. The
three-masted schooner Laura slay wan
lying there and the man came staggering
along and sat down on a stringer near ;
Where she was docked. The only person j
on the vessel was Mrs. Hansen, wife of
the captain, and she did all In her power i
to save him but failed. After remain- |
ing seated for a few minutes watching
the vessel the man attempted to get on
his feet, but lost his balance and feu;
between the schooner and the wharf. He '
must have struck the fender pile In h:» :
fall, because he was struggling feebly I
when he came to the surface. Mrs. Han
een threw a plank over to him, which he i
caught hold of. She then got ashore and
ran over to the Ocean Pearl saloon, wh<rp
she told the people there wae a mm.
drowning. One of the men returned to ;
the schooner with her, and they both 1
heard the man in the water. The rescuer
was afraid to get into the vessel' B dlngv,
however, and while he was making up I
his mind the man disappeared. It was
about 10 p. m., and Mrs. Hansen can only
give a meager description of the drowned |
man. He was a iittle over the medium j
height, well dressed in dark clothes «nd !
wore a soft hat. She warned him of his ;
danger when h^ went to sit down, but
he paid no attention to her.
The ferry steamer Sausalito was robbed
again last night. About a month ago,
while she was lying at Lombfird-Ftrcet
wharf, the restaurant was broken Into
and about $80 taken out of the casn |
drawer. Thursday night some one broke
Into the barroom find secured over $50 i
out of the cash register. All attempts to
trace the thief have so far failed.
The Alaska-Yukon Transportation Com
pany !b to carry on business as usual,
and its two river steamers, now at the
Fulton Iron Works, will probably start
in a few weeks for St. Michael. Josepn
M. Rothchild, as a representative of the
creditors, succeeds W. J. Scammel on
the directorate, and P. DaSSOnville will
also represent the creditors n.t St. Mich
hpl. He will have full charge of the
river business, and will handle all the
money earned by the steamers at that
end.
The Pacific Mail has chartered in Hong,
kong the British steamer Glenfarg. She
will replace ono of the steamers taken
by the Government as transports.
The visiting and local members of the
National Turn Verein had an excursion
around the bar on the steamer I'kl.m
yesterday. All the points of interest wens
visited and t'ne visitors had an enjoyable
time. __
OBJECT TO CHINESE CREWS.
Local Labor Council Making Investi-
gations — Varnishers and Pol
ishers Elect New Officers.
An effort Is being 1 made by the execu
tive committee of the San Francisco La
bor Council to affix the responsibility on
the individual or firm who employed the
Chinese crews that manned the trans
ports China and City of Para on their trip
to Manila. Up to th« present their investi
gations have proved fruitless owing to
the fact that no one seems to know. In
their report last evening . to. the council
the chairman stated that Inspector of
Hulls and Boilers Bermlngham was un
able to enlighten the committee on • tho
subject and that communications were re
ceived from the War and Navy Depart
ments which In effect denied . knowledge
in the matter. The investigation will con
tinue, as It is the unanimous opinion .of
the delegates that it is unhealthf ul ann
highly dangerous to send out transports
manned by such a crew.
The committee was pleased to report the
success of its Interview with Neustadter
Bros., proprietors of the Standard Shirt
Factory, In relation to the young lady
who advocated the raise of wages of
those employed on soldier uniforms. The
outspoken lady was forgiven and is now
working.
Henry Fisher, president of the Tobacco
Union of the United States, attended th«
meeting and addressed the delegates. An
adjournment was taken to attend the
smoker given by the Varnishers' anu
Polishers' Union.
The latter organization, after electing
the following ofllcers and transacting
routine business, celebrated the occasion
by holding a high jinks: President, G.
Gelgerm; vice-president. G. Oakes: re
cordinir secretary, W. M. Page; financial
secretary, M. Schwartz: treasurer, O.
Schultz; sergeant Rt arms, T. Farrell;
trustees, W. Hoy. A. Brucker and C.
Hussey.
A Patriotic Service.
Lieutenant R. P. Hobson was a promi
nent member of the Young Men's Chris
tian Aesoclatlon and president of the
College Association of the Annapolis
Academy. In honor of his release there
will he a special patriotic service at the
Toting Men's Christian Association Hall.
Mason and BICa streets, to-morrow after
noon at 3 o'clock. Rev. John A. B. Wil
son, D.D.. of the Howard street Metho
dist Episcopal Church, will deliver the
address. Subject, "The Young Man for
the Hour." Miss Alice Sheldon Brannon
will sing "The Star-spangled Banner,"
and a chorus of fifty boys of the Boys'
Brigade will assist in the service. The
public are invited.
lire in a Dwelling.
An alarm was turned in from box 139
at 1:30 yesterday afternoon for a fire in
the two-story frame dwelling at 616 Kills
street. The building is owned by Robert
Day and occupied by C. C. Darling. The
damage amounted to $50, and the blaze
was caused by an overturned coal oil
stove.
Alice Rix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business in mining stocks went on as usual
yesterday, with the exception that the new
stamp law checked most of the usual washing
of sales, which is not a bad thing. Prices
showed no marked change.
In local securities there was a good business,
with lower quotations for Oceanic Steamship
and Hawaiian "Commercial.
The Nevuda National Bank has declared Its
first dividend at the rate of 7 per cent per an
num for the six months ending June 30, pay
able July 15.
The East Best A- Belcher assessment of 15c per
share will be delinquent In the company's office
on July 12.
The delinquency in office of the assessment
of ICY on Savage has been postponed to July
19 and the day of sale to August S.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah has
declared a regular dividend of ZZc per share,
amounting to $37,500, making a total since or
ganization of J1, 602.500.
The Cariboo Mining. Milling and Smelting
Company of British Columbia raid its nine
teenth dividend, at the rate of 2c per share,
amounting to $16,000. on July 1. The total divi
dends since organization are $220,
The annual lr.ctins; of the Yellow Jacket
Mining Company lias been called for July IS
at the company's main office in Gold Hill, New
The Good Title Mining; Company of Yuba
County has levied an assessment of 10c per
share, delinquent August 10. Work in the mine
has ceased tor the present.
The official latter from the Occidental Con
solidated mine for the week ending July 2 nays:
"From the stopes on the 500 level we have ex
tracted and milled 14.'. tons of ore of the aver
age value, as per battery samples, of tS 40 per
ton."
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie,
during the week ending July 2, the usual ex
ploratory work was done in the New. Security,
Bullion, East, Main Standard. Black. No. 10
and Fortuna ledges on the 150. 245, 31S, 380, 470
and r s2 foot levels. The raise in the hanging
wall. 200 feet up. has cut the Fortuna ledge,
which rhows 8 inches of good ore. The usual
amount of ore was stoped from the New, Se
curity. Movie, No. 10. Black. Maguire and For
tuna ledges. There is little change In the ap
pearance of the stupe?.
Standard Mill statement — Ore crushed for the
week, 227 tons; average assay vanner tailings,
?S 84 per ton; concentrates produced, 2Vi tons;
assay value, $162 92; amalgam produced, 10SH
ounces; value per ounce, $2 21. Tailings plant
No. 1 treated 36 tons tailings; plant No. 2
treated no tailings during the week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, July 8-2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Tonds— Oakland Gas.. 43 11
Is quar coup.. llo*4lll V Pac Gas Imp.. 85 —
4s quar reg...110'4111V 1 ! Pac L. Co — 50
Is quar new. . .12441254 S F G & E... 854 85%
Miscellaneous— .San Fran 3 3>4
Cal-st Cab 05.112 — I Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — ' Insurance —
C C Wat 55... — 100 !Firem"s Fund. lßs —
Dup-st ex c... — 98"- Bank Stocks—
EL 4; P 65.. 1284130 Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F& Cl Ky G5.113 114 Bank of Ca1. .215 200
Oeaiy-si R ss. — 100 Cal sD & T.. 96 97V£
HC 4 S 5%5..1C0 105 First Nat 2024 —
LAI. Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A.... 1274 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65.. 123% — Nev Nat 8....155 165
Do Ist M 55. .114 115 Pavings Banks—
Nat Vln (Is lsts — 87%IGer S & L,.. — 1600
NCNO Ky 7s. — — Hum X & L..1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65..10S — Mutual Say. — 4?4
N Ry Cal 55. .102 102% S F Say 0.. 475 «—,«*■
NPC R R 65. 100 — ,3 & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas a 5.... 100 — Security SB. 240 300
Do 2d is 65.. — 110 Union T Co. 1000 —
Om Ry jd5.....125% — I Street Railroad—
P & O «s 110 — 'California ....105 108
PA- Cl Ry 68.102 105 Geary 40 —
Powell-st «5...U9 — Market-st .... 53 C 3%
Reno WL&L..IOO — . Presidio 64 8
Sac ElecßySs.loo — Powder —
SF& X P ss. 106 107 California ....120 160
PlerraßCal Cs. — 103 IE Dynamite... 85 —
8 P of Ar 65..103%10Hi Giant Con Co. 48& 49%
S V Cal 65.... — 113 IVlgorit 3 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
Is P -6s 113 — Al Pac Assn.. 93% S4
S V Wat 65... 117 — ?er Ld Wks..llo —
S V Wat 4s...in2>i — liana P C 0.... 14 14%
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — H C & S Co.. 24% 25
Water Stocks— . Hutch S P Co. 50 4 51
' Contra Costa.. ,*0 64 Mer Ex- Assn. 90 —
' Marin »-o 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 98% 99 Oceanic S Co. 56*4 58
I Gas >. Electric— Pae A F L.... 1% 2%
I Cent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0... .100 104
Mutual El Co. 10 11 'Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
50 Oceanic Steamship Co. s 30 E<s 00'
65 Market-street Railway 63 50
$30u0 Spring Valley 4* Bondß 102 SO <
20 California Safe Deposit 97 00
5 Spring Valley Water 99 25
8 do do 9!) 12%
830 Hana Plantation Co 14 25
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar..... 25 25
400 do do 25 00
50 do do b 3 25 00
50 Hutehlnson S P Co 5125
Street—
$15,000 Northern Ry of Cal Os Bonds 108 50
20 S F Gas & Electric C 0......... 85 75
10 Market-street Railway 53 50
Afternoon Session.
10 Spring Valley "Water 99 12%
•16 do do . 99 00
10 do do b 12 99 00
25 do do 98 75
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar..... 25 00
-25 do do 24 75
DO Hutehlnson S P Co 6100
110 Hana Plantation Co 14 50
100 Market-street Hallway 63 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
10 Oceanic Steamship C 0....... 57 00 .
• 40 Market-street Hallway 53 62%
: Afternoon Session.
100 Hawaiian C & B Co, ■ 10 24 87%
$3000 Spring Valley Water 4s 102 50
30 Spring Valley Water 99 25
&0 Hutehlnson B V Co .-.5125 ■
MINING STOCKS. .
Following were the sales In , the San Fran
cisco Stock Hoard yesterday: % '• "'
Morning Session. " .■..■■
100 Confidence ...... 25 1 100 Mexican .'....... 11
Afternoon Session.
100 Overman 05 ...'...
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Horning Session.
150 Con Cal & Va.. 19;650 Sierra Nevada.. . 40
400 Mexican .... 10,500 Union Con 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, July B— i p. m.
Bid. Ask., Bid Auk
Alpha 01 03 Justice ...... ■ _ vU
Alta ............ 02 04 Kentuck ... — 08
Andes — 06|I.,ady Wash ... — 02
Belcher .. 12 13 Mexican 09 11
Best <S- Belcher 12 14 Occidental .. 55 —
Bullion. — 05 Ophir 15 17
Caledonia ...... 15 17 Overman " '05
("hollar ...:..... 16 IS Potosi * 02 04
Challenge Con. 10 12 Savage ..... 12 14
Confidence ..... 20 .25 Keg Belcher ... — 05
Con Cal & Va. 15 17 Scorpion ..•'... — 02
Con Imperial .. —. 01 Sierra Nevada. 35 40
Crown Point .. C 305 Silver Hill 03 05
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate '. — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard —155
Exchequer ..... — 03 Union >Tnn . . .13 16
Gould A Curry. — 03 Utah — OS
Bale & Norcrs. — V, Yellow , Jacket. 11 12
Julia — Ml
l"' •
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
MAY END THE
WATER FIGHT
Proposal to Los Angeles
City Council.
EASTERN SYNDICATE'S OFFER
GREAT RELIEF FROM PRESENT
CONDITIONS.
"Would Save Much Money to the Pub
lic and Insure a First-Class
Supply Under All Cir
cumstances.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES July B.— At last it
would seprn that there was some pros
pect of the City Council considering a
proposition which will at least have the
effect of settling the much vexed water
question, which for ten years has been
a subject of local discussion here. As
The Call has *--'—« stated, the city has
been utterly unable to enforce its rights
under the coi. tract made with the
water company thirty years ago. This
fact is due to the loose manner in
which the contract was drawn and to
the further fact that the municipality
has not been properly protected in its
rights under that contract, which it
should have enforced.
The contract expires on the 22d lnst.,
and there is absolutely no possibility
of the city purchasing the water com
pany's improvements to its plant. A
deal cannot possibly be made between
the two parties owing to the complica-*
tions surrounding the case. If the con
tract expires Mayor Snyder holds that
the city cannot give another party a
franchise for more than six months
in any one period. If the city enters
into litigation with the water company
over the contract and endeavors to get
possession at a reasonable figure there
will be weary years of litigation during
which the company would retain pos
session of its plant and the city would
be at its mercy.
This afternoon Kessler & Co., through
their representative, E. Waltman, made
a proposition to the Council which is
substantially as follows: In considera
tion of a fifty-year franchise they will
agree to take the plant of the present
company and immediately Improve it
by the expenditure of 5400.000 to $500,000
to bring it 'up to date sufficient to sup
ply the wants and needs of the city.
They will furnish the city with all the
water it needs for municipal purposes,
fire, parks, streets, etc., free. This
would amount to about $75,000 per year.
They will pay taxes on their plant to
the amount of about $30,000 per year,
which under municipal ownership
would not be paid. They will give the
City Council the right to regulate water
rates, and will guarantee that they will
never be higher than they are to-day.
They will give to the city a percentage
of their gross income, commencing at a
low figure, say 2 per cent, and increas
ing thereafter. This money could be
placed in a sinking fund for ultimate
purchase of the plant. Lastly, they
will agree to clear all clouded title the
city has to the property and vest the
rights now in litigation solely in the
city.
I'nder no circumstances would the
people of this city be satisfied if the
present water company's franchise
were renewed. This is owing to the
strong prejudice in the community ex
isting toward the corporation. Recog
nizing this fact, Kessler & Co agree to
give a bond in the sum of $100,000 that
the present company has nothing to do
with the proposition they are making
to the Council.
Kessler & Co. are a firm of New York
bankers, who have been in business
since 1537. They represent largely Oer
man capital and have handled many
business deals in North and South
America, representing millions of dol
lars.
At the session of the City Council on
Monday the proposition of Kessler &
Co. will dp considered. It will be re
ported by the Water Supply Committee
and will come up for discussion.
NEW TARIFF SCHEDULES
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
President's Scheme Discussed by the
Cabinet and Referred to the
Secretary of State.
WASHINGTON. July B.— A large share
of the day's cabinet meeting 1 was con
sumed in the reading and discussion of
the new tariff schedules, to be put In
operation in the Philippine Islands as soon
as our forces shall have taken possession
of Manila. The formal announcement by
the President of his purpose to collect the
customs revenues of the Philippines as a
war measure had been prepared, and after
a discussion lasting an hour or more it
was referred to the Secretary of State, to
gether with the schedules for final exam
ination. It is probable that the Presi
dent's declaration will be Issued within the
next two or three days, and possibly to
morrow. As soon as approved the sched
ules will be given to J. F. Evans of San
Francisco, a customs expert, who will pro
ceed to Manila., and as soon as practlca
ble after our forces occupy the city put
them into effect. The general direction of
the matter, however, will be In the hands
of General Merritt, the military governor
of the islands.
ST. LOUIS VISITED BY
A VIOLENT RAINSTORM
Cellars Flooded and Great Loss Sus
tained by Storekeepers — No
Loss of Life.
ST. LOI'IS. July B.— ln St. Louis and
vicinity during the past twenty-four
hours 5.08 inches of rain, the heaviest
record for years, has fallen. In badly
drainod section? of the city the cellars
are full and the"lower stories of many
houses are wet with several feet of wa
ter. In the outlying districts, more espe
cially Cheltenham, the water rose to such
a height that it threatened the residents,
who nought safety on improvised rafts.
The stocks of stores in various sections
of St. Louis were damaged. The total
loss will amount to several thousands of
dollars.
Almost all the residents and store
keepers on Choutoau avenue for a dis
tance of six blocks suffered damage to
their buildings and stocks of goods in
sums ranging form $100 to $3000. Other
sections of the city suffered to a greater
or less extent. No lives were lost.
Henry Norman,
Special Commissioner of the
London Chronicle,
Writes About the New America
In Next Sunday's Call.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
C. L. Jr. and Laura F. Dingley to John R.
Aitkc-n. lot on S line of VaHeJo street, 91:6 \V
of Buchanan. W 23 by S 137:6; $10.
Bartolomeo Ferrlnl to Lena Ferrinl (wife),
lot on E line of Stelner street, 72 S of Height
B 2.". by E 81:3: Rift.
Abigail Jenkins, Mary Reed. Louisa Day,
Sarah Fisher and William Sawyer to Joseph B
Sawyer. 50-vara lot 1 In Western Addition block
612, NW corner of Devlsadoro and Fulton
streets, N 137:6 by W 137 :C; $1010.
Jo«iah B. or Joseph Benjamin Sawyer to John
W. Tearpon Jr., lot on NW line of Oevlsadero
and Fulton streets, \T 137:6 by H 137:6: $10.
John W. Pearson Jr. to Henry Wadsworth,
all . interest ' in 50-vara , lot In Western Addition
block 512; also property In Los Angeles County;
$8000. ...■■ . •■'.-: . - ■...■•■ ■■■ :•; \ . :■■
Moise L. and Berthe. Wolff to W. S. Leake,
lot on W line of Baker street, 82:6 N of Hayes,
N 27:6 by W 121:10^; $10. ;
Savage ' Estate Company j to ' Daniel Einstein,
lot on W line of Lyon street, 105 S of Oak, S
60 by W 120; $3500. : . " ' -'■
Sarah L. and Martin Jackson , to Theodore
Richards, lot on W line of Guerrero street, 100
S of Liberty, S 28 by W 92:6; $1500.
George T. and Isabella Innes to Mary Ann
Davles (wife of Thomas), lot on S . line of
Eighteenth street, 35 E of Sanchez, E 25 by S
10 $10.
Mary J. and CM. Depew to American Surety
Company of New York, lot on S line of Juri
street, 150 E of Guerrero, E 30 by S 110; $10.
• Abraham Belasco to Reyna >Belasco, • lot on
NW line of Clara street, 92:6 NE of Fifth. NE
45 by N\V SO: gift.
Hermann Scholten. to American Surety Com
pany of New York, lot on NW line of . Clara
street, 160:5 NE of Fifth, NE 22:11 by NW
SO; $10. *
Estate of Margaretha D. or Margaret D.
Heckman (by administrator) : to Alexander Ma
gee, lot on S line of Perry street, 155 SW of
Fourth, SW 25 by RE 80; $2800. .
W. F. McClure to.Emellne Blanchard, lot on
W line of Seventh avenue, 475 N of Lake street,
N 25 by W 114; $10. .
James Hogan to American Surety Company
of New York, undivided quarter of lot on SW
corner of California street and Thirteenth ave
nue. S 301:1, W 240:5, N 257:1. 240; also un
divided half of lot on NW corner of California
street and Thirteenth avenue, W 240 by N 600;
$10. , v-.v. <
Jacob and Lina Heyman (by Oscar Heyman,
attorney) to Thomas and Elizabeth McMullen,
lot on W line of Forty-sixth avenue, 150 S of
I street. S 25 by W 120: $150.
G. D. and Evelyn A. Jones to Clara H. Hur
ley, lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue, 200
S of P street, S CO by E 120 (quit-claim deed);
Caroline and Philip Schwoler to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on E line
of Kosolusko street, 125 N of Union avenue, N
B0 by E 70, lots 2.x> and 257. gift map 2; $10.
Elizabeth Richardson to Mary E. Wallace, lot
on E line of Bixby street, 225 S of Garfield. S
23 by E 100, lot 19. block 13, City Land Associa
tion: gift.
Alice Sullivan to Katherlne R. Robinson, lot
on \V line of Vernon street, 175 N of Garfield,
N r.O by W 100, lots 40 and 41, block 21, City
Land Association; $140.
Rosa McHugh to Maggie Riley, lot on W line
of Andover avenue. 58 S of East, S 25 by W 110,
lot 22. block 6. Holly Park; $5, etc.
Catherine Boorman (Hoops) to John J. and
Mary Donovan, lot 37, block B, Park Lane
Tract: $17.'0.
Vincent B. and Margaret Rcanlan (nee Mag
gie O'Donnell) to Charles Babbldge, lot on E
line of Gould street. 225 S of Paul avenue, S
25 by E 100, lot 34, block 2, Garden Tract; $10.
Louis R. Townsend to Sarah D. Bingle, lot
on N'E line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 150 NW
of Q street, MW IS by NE 100. lot 14, block 514.
Bay View Homestead Association; »10.
Alameda County.
Henry Roltn to Robert J. Callaghan, lot on
8 line of Railroad avenue or Seventh street.
27:6 B of Poplar, E 25, S 104, W 26, N 103:10. to
beginning, being lot IS, block 490, Brings Tract
Map 2. Oakland: $10.
Louis I>. Kuester to Lizzie Gruenlnger (wife
of Theodore), lot on W line of Marian street.
301:9 N of Peralta, N 25 by W 135. being sub
division A, In lot 8, block SO2. Watts Tract
Map, Oakland; gift. . #
Timothy Kearns or Hearing to Bridget.
Kenrns. lot on S\V line of Third street. 75 W
of Myrtle, W 60 by 8 &4. being lots 28 and 29,
block 441, Adeline and Market Street Home
stead. Oakland; Rift.
Fred O. and Ella B. Weston to H. A. Ingalls.
lot on N line of Thirty-second street. 75:9 W
of Linden, W Ml by N 100, Oakland; $10.
Ida and W. R. Yost to Mary J. Yost, lot 6,
block 132. A very Tract, Berkeley; $500.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Charles M.
MacGregor, lot on RVV corner of Prince and
Harper streets, W 122:4 by S 135:5, being lot 3
1. 2 and 3. block 6. Central Park Tract, Berke
ley: $10.
Charles J. Smith to F. A. Berlin, lot on SE
line of High street, 1.74 chains S\V from KB
line of Brooklyn Land Company's Tract; thence
SW 9 chains. BE 27.59 chains. NE 8.90 chains,
NW 26.22 chains, to beginning, containing 24
acres, being lots 6 and 7. lands Brooklyn Land
Company, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Fruitvale Land Company to James Crowley,
lot on W line of Bay avenue, 50.14 N of Tenth
street, N &0.14, W 142.27, S EO, E 146 to begin
ning, being lot 13. block 11, Huntlngton Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $5.
Catherine Razr.antl to Henry and Elizabeth
Baumeister to same, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to W. F. Fos
ter, lots 17 and IS, block A, Allendale Annex,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Eugenic McLaren to William T. Helder, lot
2. Fruitvale and San Leandro Road Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $625.
William B. and Elizabeth M. Ward to Clara
P. Keane. lot on E line of Linden street, 100 N
of West Fourteenth street, E 125 by N 33, block
580. Galindo Tract, Oakland; $10/ •: .;,
Jewett C. and Carrie G. Gllson to Ma^e E.
Hardy, lot on S line of Campbell avenue or
Thirtieth street, 163.10 E of San Pablo avenue,
i: 50, S 140, W 40. N 45. W 10, N 95 to begin
ning, portion of Brockhurat & Wltcher Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Newton and Cornelia M. Benedict to Joseph
H. Simpson. lot on N line of Brown or Thirty
fourth Ftreet, -129 W Of Telegraph avenue, ,W
35 by N* 119:10, portion of estate of A. C. Brown,
Oakland: $700.
Henry Hlllebrand (trustee for Reuben S. Car
pentier) to James Beorland, lot on NE corner of
Twenty-first and Filbert streets. N 154:6, -E 125.
S 145:6 to N line of Twenty-first street, thence
125 to beginning, Oakland, quitclaim deed; $3.
Daniel and Sarah F. Swett to J. and Mar
garet Borland or Beorland, S 16V4 feet of lot 111,
on map of Fllbert-Ftreet opening, plat. of as
sessment district, Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
Martin Walsh to James W. Walsh, lot on E
line of Myrtle street, 75:1 V; S of Twenty-first. 3
25 by E 125. being lot 30, subdivision of Wall
Tract. Oakland: gift. :
Home Security Building and Loan Associa
tion to George B. M. Gray, lot on N line of
Caledonia avenue, at SE corner of lands or Phil
Maul, by deed of January 10, IS9S, said point
being distant on Caledonia avenue 100.38 E
from NE corner of Caledonia avenue and
Grove street. N 100, E 40, S 100, W 32 to be
ginning, portion of Caledonia Homestead, Oak
land, quitclaim deed: $20.
F. P. and Harriet N. Lake (by commissioner
to Oakland Bank of Savings, lot on SE corner
of Twenty-second and Chestnut streets, S 145
by E 92. block 619. Oakland: $.-,00.
George E. de Golla to Frank Ench, lot 25,
Milton Trnct. Oakland; also the S half of lot
S. block 652. Watts Tract. Map 2, Oakland; also
let on the SW line of East Twentieth "street.
234 SE of Thirteenth — »nue. SE 37:6 by SW
?no. East Oakland- also lot on SW line of East
Twentieth street. 236:G SE of Thirteenth av
enue, SE 140. SW to a point NE 168 to begin
ning, block 113, Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
Roger Sprarue to L. J. Rudolph (wife of O.
A.), lot on S line of Dwlght way, 40 E of
Dwinelle street, E 40 by S 127. being lot 2,
block 1. Case Tract. Berkeley: $750. ;
Sylvaln .1. and Rosalie Jalbert to Jean T.
Barhe and Bernard Salies. lot on NW line of
Olive street. 275 N'F. of Elm, NW 100 by NE 50.
being lots 31 and 32. block C. Melrose ■ Station
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $200.
Joseph A. Plercv to Ellzpheth A. and Orrln
A. Terry, lot on S line of Virginia street. 78.20
E of Chestnut. F. 86. S 135.60. W 14.20. ■ N SS:B,
W 21. 50. N mo to beginning, belnc; lot A-19,
block 11. Curtis Tract. Berkeley: gift.- :
William A. C. Lunge to Joser>ha Lange, lot
on E line of Frultvale avenue. 74:1 S of School
street, S 117 bv.F. 150. being lots 8 to 10, Loop
Tract. Brooklyn Township: gift.
Anna Sylva to Henry Bottger. lot IS, con
taining .989 of an acre.' being portion of Sllva
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $340. :--•,'' ;
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
C J Fellows, Chicago J Winchester &w. Cal
J Rohrer. L Ann R Surr, S Diego
O H Blxby, L Ann H J Small. Sacto
Mrs Goodman, El Paso W Peterson, S Rosa
P A Buell, Stockton G Turner&w. Modesto
A Brown, Redlnnds I Bird, Merced
Capt Lusey, S Cruz H Emery. S Diego
R Bdwarda&W, Portlrt H E Wilson, N V
A Rutherford, Portld J Donnelly, Seattle
Mrs Shattuck & c. Cal S Kaufman, Chicago
W Abbott, w & c, Cal G L Cobb, Cal
R Morris. U S N R Morse. Watsonvllle
L Delaplaine, Va- H Radln, Fresno
W B '"arroll, Plttsburs Capt Lucey, S Cruz
Miss MeNeal, Portland O Wier, Petaluma
L H Young. N V W Gale. Cal
S Kaufmann, Chicago (1 Belcher. Oakland
W R Henry. S Jose R Dlll*r, Chlco
R Brown, Petaluma H W Crabb, Oakvllle
(' M Wooster, S Jose H B Miller, Napa
0 He*nden=on, S Jose T L Hites, L Ang
C X Arnold, S Jose A G Brown. Redlands
1) II Budlong, Ij Ang J P Onstott&w, Yuba
1 J Francis, Ij Ang Mis Onstott, Yuba
Miss Gordon, S Jose J W Bowen. L Ang
Mrp Warren. Kansas L McCoy, w & c. Cal
W Pike, Fresno B J Mason, Seattle
J P Bowman, Cal H Kooser, Salt l.ake
J Rtelning, 8 Rosa A J Whitten. Minn
C Wassmith, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
E P Bemis. Columbia A F Towles. Chicago
R T Reynolds & w. Cal T Coin, Newman
E U Smitzer, New Hay F Sharpies, Hanford
L J Walton, N V I C H-icV.lng, Modesto
J W Hanger. Cal II Gallagher, Chicago
MaJ J McOulre, Term J I"> Okes, Chicago
C E Wridler, Oakland S M Hlcklnbothan, 111
\V B Berry, Frfsno Mrs J Singleton, Cal
D J Harding, Boston R N Davis. Los Ang
J Rubel & w. Phila J O Patterson, Tampa
R F Stocking, Cal V R Scott, Maine
S F Smith, San Diego A T Carter. Hangor
3 J Sullivan * w. Cal T A Baxter. Butte
Mrs E C Stephens, Cal R E Blazo, Pittsburg
W II Fisk. "Chicago U C Collins, London
A H Christie. Mllwauk'R T Lawry, Edinburgh
W A Hill, Denver
PALACE HOTEL.
E C Klauber, Chicago J W Jump, St Louis
J A Blttel, Chicago F S Johnson. San Rafl
D Snltzer, West Side F A West, Stockton
A P Johnson, New Orls J F Davis, Jackson
C D Stevens, Boston II Roper, Menlo
C H X Smith, Cal Dr Lane, St Louis
C E Graham. Chicago W B Lane, St Louiß
Mrs H G Stevenson, Cal 5 Belford, U S V
W T Shaw & w, Portld J Gibbs. Detroit
T R Minturn, Minturn H McPhle, Santa Ana
A Straudes, Germany J M Moorhead, Cal
A Straudes Jr, Germny|F C Innes, Spokane
W Stanton, New York
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F C Jones, La iJD Watson, Merced
J M Ellison. Callstoga ;M Boyle, Cal
J A King, Sacto V B Cartwrlght, Utah
F R Davis. Modesto IW W Dashlel. Stktn
F Acever, S Jose C Board, Sacto
P A Bemal, Stktn jMlss F Wright, Reno
J H Howell. Chicago IMiss A Wright. Reno
Mrs I) Ferris, NY !J 1) Nolan & w, Cal
i Miss M Marks, Boston] Mrs R Benton. Colfax
J M Bolanrt. Reno J L McGrath, Sacto
I C Maxwell, S Jose 1
NO REDUCTION
OF EXPENSES
Sinecures in San Jose's
City Government.
JOHN VARCOE'S SOFT BILLET
REWARDED BY THE GANG FOR
POLITICAL WORK.
Mayor Martin's Persistency Secures
the Appointment of His Son
to a Desirable Sec
retaryship.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July B.— The promise that
San Jose would be given a "business
administration" is not being carried
out by the City Council. There is a
leakage of $100 per month in the office
of City Clerk Cook. This is the month
ly salary paid to John Varcoe, who is
supposed to be revising the city ordi
nances, when in reality he is nothing
but a deputy of that official. The em
ployment of Varcoe has been kept a
secret, and no one but the officials
about the City Hall is supposed to
know that he is employed there.
Varcoe's position Is a sinecure, and
was given him as a reward for politial
work done for the Rea gang. When
the new charter created the position of
| Secretary of the Police and Fire Com
mission Varcoe bobbed up for the place.
The gang stood by him and he was
programmed for the secretaryship.
Mayor Martin refused to have Varcoe
as his secretary and appointed his son,
Hippolyte J. Martin, one better quali
fied in every way for the duties. The
i gang were inclined to insist on Varcoe
I having the secretaryship, but the
threat of Mayor Martin to break the
entire slate arranged by Rea quieted
affairs. The Mayor told them point
blank that his son must have the place
or he would refuse to appoint Morrison
as Street Superintendent and Beasly
as City Attorney. Then the question
-of providing for Varcoe came up, and
it was decided to put him in the City
Clerk's office.
Before the recent city election the
people were promised that expenses
would be reduced, and especially in the
City Clerk's office. The collection of
the city taxes was transferred to the
County Tax Collector's office, and it
was said one and perhaps two clerks
in the Clerk's office would be dispensed
with. Instead there has been no cur
tailment. City Clerk Cook denies that
Vareoe is a deputy of his, but never
theless that worthy does part of the
Clerk's work.
TURNERS ARRIVING AT
THE GARDEN CITY
Festivities to Be Inaugurated This
Evening by a Grand Reception
to tlie Visitors.
SAN JOSE. July B.— All Is in readiness
for the third annual turnfest of the Pa
cific Coast division, including the vereins
of Oregon, Washington and California,
and already the delegations have begun
to arrive.
The festivities will open to-morrow
night with a grand reception to the vis
itors.
Sunday morning there will he a parade
to Agricultural Park, where there will be
prize turning and other exercises. In the
evening the singing contest by various
singing societies of the State will be the
feature at Turn Vereln Hall.
To-day many active Turners arrived
from Los Angeles. Anaheim and San Die
go. A party of ladies and gentlemen ar
rived from Santa Cruz; of these eight la
dies will take active part in the contests.
AMENDMENTS NEEDED
TO THEJ/IINING LAWS
Resolutions of the International Con
gress — Milwaukee the Next
Meeting-Place.
SALT LAKE. July S.— The International
Mining Congress this morning adopted the
following:
"Resolved, That it 1s the sense of this
International Mining Congress that the
mining laws of the United States be so
amended as to do away -with extralateral
rights In mining claims; and
"Resolved, That we hereby Instruct the
president and secretary of this congress
to forward at the opening of the next ses
sion of the United States Congress to the
Public Land committees of the Senate
and nlso to the Secretary of the Interior
and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office each a copy of this resolu
tion."
Milwaukee was selected as the place for
holding the next convention, but the time
has not yet been fixed.
CONGREGATIONALISTS' WORK.
Routine Affairs Discussed at the
National Council.
PORTLAND, Or.. July B.— The National
Council of Congregatlonalists this morn
ing took up routine matters. It was or
dered that the committee on union with
othrr denominations and the denomina
tional committee be united and continued
with the name of Dr. A. H. Bradford of
New Jersey added.
After devotional service the delegates
from other cities were received. Rev. A.
Mac-kental of England was introduced,
and among others received an enthusi
astic greeting.
Dr. F. S. Fitoh of Buffalo, as the repre
sentative of the ("anai.i.an churches, ad
dressed the council on the work of the
Congregationalists in that country. The
subject of religious movements "on the
Pacific Coast was then taken up. and Rev.
Myron Eels of Oregon read a paper on
the early movements in the Pacific
Northwest.
KERN COUNTY DEMOCRATS.
Indorse Judge Conley of Madera for
Supreme Court Justice.
BAKERSFIELD. July B.— The Demo
cratic County Convention met to-day. The
resolutions favor the initiative and refer
endum and indorse Judge W. M. Conley
of Madera County for Justice of the Su
preme Court. Delegates to the State
convention: H. A. Jastro. A. Harrell, J.
W. Jameson. E. M. Roberts, H. L Pack
ard, J. F. Creosy, R. R. Taylor, J. Single
ton, E. J. Potter, J. H. Underhill. Other
delegates were elected to nominate a
Senator and Assemblyman. County
ticket: Clerk. I. Miller; Assessor, J. M.
Jamieson; Recorder, C. A. Lee: District
Attorney. J. W. Ahem; Sheriff, T. E.
Owens; Treasurer. J. B. Batz; Auditor,
E. B. Maginnls; Tax Collector. C. E. Day;
School Superintendent, W. D. Nelson;
Coroner and Public Administrator, E.
Buckreus; Surveyor, W. R. MacMurdo;
Supervisors, Jerry Shields and J. F.
Bayse.
Suicide of Kern City's Marshal.
BAKERSFIELD. July B.— Jack Phelps,
Marshal of Kern City, committed suicide
to-day at a lodging-house in Bakersfleld
by taking an overdose of chloral. De
spondency over a love affair Is supposed
to have been the cause. He had worked
for ten years in the Southern Pacific
roundhouse, and was elected Marshal last
April. ,
Californians at Washington.
WASHINGTON. July S.— Silas A. White
of San Francisco is at the Riggs House.
J. A. Foshay of, Los Angeles is among the
California delegates here attending the
National Educational Association Con
vention. The Rig-prs House is the head
quarters of the California delegation, and
they are endeavoring 1 to secure the next
convention for San Francisco.
Deadly Microbes in a Pinch of Dust
by
Dr. Pillsbury in Next Sunday's Call.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San' Francisco
Call, corner, of Market n-n* Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. \
■BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; ~~jn until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. ■■'_■ vj :
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission Btreet;open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NVv. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
THE Christian preaching and healing services,
l.olng crowded out of the tent, are now held
each evening at 7 o'clock in Mills Tabernacle
(holding thousands). Twelfth and Webster
sts.. Oakland, by Rev. Francis Warnon, as-
sisted by several clergymen, etc. God is
working mightily among us: the totally blind
Fee; totally deaf hear; the lame discard
crutches, run and l"ap, praising Jesus only,
our Savior and Healer. Hripg up your eick;
a!l is without money and without price.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1. I. ft /8
0. O. F.. meets' THIS (SATURDAY) "v"*
EVENING.' Installation of officers. S\
Refreshments. All invited. / X
W. I. CROSETT, Chief Patriarch.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, tfftffftt,
1. O. O. F.— Regular meeting jgßesSsßk
THIS EVENING. Third degree
will be conferred. 1
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, <i^HUfa,
I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting
THIS EVENING, First degree =*S»SBESF
will be conferred. / ™»™ >
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
REHEL CORK Benevolent Society— Twelfth an-
nual excursion and picnic will take place at
Shell Moyn'l Park, Berkeley. SUNDAY,
August 7, IS9S. Tickets— Adultß, 50c; children
under 12 years, free. Boats leave every half
hour for park. Music by a first-class band.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the society's office at
the Animals' Home, Sixteenth and Alabama
sts., on MONDAY. July 18, 189 S. at 4 p. m.,
when a board of trustees for the ensuing year
will be elected.
C. B. HOLRROOK. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No
321 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
DAY, the 15th day of July, 1898, at the hour
of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MAi'KIE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the following
orphan and half -orphan girls and boys have
been admitted to the San Francisco Protest-
ant Orphan Asylum, on Haight Bt., from
January 1 to July 1. 1898: Alleen F. Wolf,
11^ yrs: Margaret L. Wolf, H^s yrs: Hazel
I. Wolf, 8 yre; B*lla Obenauer, 12 yrs; Viola
Blanchard, 10 yrs; Leona Blanchard, 8 yrs;
Ethel M. Cheatham, 10\4 yrs; Margaret
Forbes, 10% yrs: Ida D. Roper, 8 yrs: Rhoda
Wedde. 9 yrs; Ida Wedde. ;> yrs; Elizabeth
Mt»yer, 4 yrs; Margaret Meyer, 3 yrs: M;iry
Fleming. 10 yrs; Carrie l.oeffler, &\ yrs;
George L. Smith, .V 2 yrs: Arthur Smith, 12
yrs; Mark Smith, 8% yrs; Walter Smith, 7
yrs: Charles Fleming, llVi yrs: Thomas
Forbes. 9 I-?, yrs; John A. Primus, BVj yrs;
Hugo G. IJerg, 9 yrs; Vivian Berg, 7 yrs;
Charles Wedde, 3Vi yrs: Loul3 H. Flest, 12%
yrs. Albert Fiest. 10 1-3 yrs; Leroy Flest. 7Vi
yrs; Orion Blanchard, 11 yrs, and Henry
Koenicke, 3 yrs.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st., San Francisco,
Cal., has received the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned girls from Apiil 1 to
June 30, 1S;>8: Mary Elizabeth Gresham. aged
7 years; Qladys Elizabeth Gresham. 5 years 3
months: Kuth Myer Merrill. 2 years 6 months;
Amelia Daubet. 6 years; Haze! Densmore, 12
years 10 months; Isabella Hague, 10 years »
months; May belle Benbow, 8 years 2 months;
Frederlcka Hermann, 7 years 5 months; Flor-
ence Hermann, 5 years 5 months: Mabel
Lavln, 12 years 1 month: Lizzie Rellly, 4
years; Marjorie Graham, 8 years 11 months.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum since January 1, IS9S, to July
L IS9B— Philip Kearns, 2 years; Patrick Nor-
ton, 6 years; Annie Norton, 5 years; Mary
McDonald. 4 years; John McDonald. 2 years;
Robert CanVrty, 5 years; Rose Gomez, 5 years.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
Bhoes, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the
Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth Bt.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $2 :<0; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
PEARL PIERCE, manicuring, massage. 230
Kearny st.. room 2".
RAY FAIR, water reader and magnetic healer.
208 O'Farrell St., room 2.
MME. DE LA FONT; returned; 122 Post St.;
room 9, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15 J ,i Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., room 8.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer; room
98, second floor, 1505 Market st, cor. Eighth.
MISS EMILY POTTER. S6s^ Market St.. room
12, opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
CLARA NORDLINGER. alcohol baths and
mai-use. 101 Eddy st., room 12.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market St., parlors 11 and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ETA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2, 32 Turk st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
I)I\ lIM.M) NOTIC-S.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francsco — A dividend (No. 1) at the
rate of seven <7) per cent per annum has been
declared for the half year ending June 30,
payable on 15th lnst.
Transfer books will be closed from 10th to
15th inst., both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, July 6, IS9S.
OFFICE of the Hlbernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones sts.
—San Francisco. June 29, I§9S— At a regular
meeting of the Board of Directors of this so-
ciety, held this day, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-fifths
(3 3-5) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30, 1898, free from
all taxes, and payable on and after July L
IS'JS. ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary
E.NiPLOYMfcNT uFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class s^-
lect help. VJS Market Ft.: phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN housegirl, good cook and laundress
3 years last place, city or country mrs
NORTON. Swidish and German Employment
Bureau, 313 Sutler -♦
YOUNG strong woman wishes work by the
day; understands all kinds of work. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter St. J»«o.
GERMAN woman, good cook and houseworker
wishes situation city or country, $12 to $15
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MAN and wife; country; charge of place- S4O
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
OMPETENT German cook, best of city refer-
ences, desires a situation. J. F CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
DRESSMAKER, perfect cutter and fitter,
would like to get few more engagements by
the day at $1 25, or will take work home from
$3 a suit up; perfect satisfaction given. Ad-
dress 223 Franklin st.
RELIABLE young German, with good mercan-
tile experience, wishes situation; no salary
desired as yet, but a position for getting a
2« C 1? ffl mercantlle education. S., box
RELIABLE middle-ased woman would work
for $12 to $15; is a pood cook, willing to do
housework and washing; city or country;
would do day's work. 1530 Eddy st. near
Steiner.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, experienced Infant's
nurse, or care of small children, with up-
stairs work; city preferred; references. Box
657, Call office.
WOMAN will work for 50c day; sew, sweep,
assist at any kind of work; San Rafael,
acros.i the bay or city. Box 103, Call office.
NEAT middle-aged woman will assist where
there are nn children; small wages; good
_ references. Address box 552, this office.
2 YOUNG ladies would like situations as cham-
bermaids in city or country hotel; references.
Call 323 Taylor st.
I SITUATIONS V ANTED— Continued.
GERMAN woman, understands care of sick or
invalid and light housework: wages very
I small to suit. J. F., box 167, Call office. .
WOMAN wants work by the day: laundress or
j housecleaning. Apply 357 Hayes st.
QUIET, refined young lady wishes situation
assisting elderly or invalid lady or to do up-
stairs work. Please address MISS PETEK-
BON, 718 Myrtle st., Oakland.
POSITION wanted by neat, respectable, steady
and thorough working housekeeper; good
cook; country preferred; good references. Call
or address 56 Haight st.
TOUNG German girl wishes to do general
housework in a small family; understands
good plain cooking. Call at 461% Minna st.,
near Sixth.
POSITION wanted by American widow as
lady's companion: no objection to leaving
the city: n hanged. Box 236. Call.
WIDOW with 2 children wishes a situation in
small family; wages no object if only good
tome. 4 s^T Twenty-third st.
V ANTED, liy in American woman, chamber
or plain laundry work in a hotel. Address
HO HarrUop st.
rOTJNG girl, strong and willing, desires a situ-
ation to do housework: wages $10 to $12. In-
quire at M 9 Diamond st.
OKI;. MAN uirl waahea to do general house-
work or upstairs work. 2102 Larkin st.
WOMAN wishes a situation as a nrst-clasa
housekeeper. Hox 234. Call office.
COMPETENT mir?e would take care of lady in
confinement; can raise babies on bottle:
best of reference. 121 Powell St., room 28.
NEAT young girl wishes a place to take car©
of children and light upstairs work. 4330
Seventeenth st.
YOUNG German woman with a child would
llko a situation; across the bay preferred.
Call at 210 East st., bet. Howard and Folsom.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position in pri-
vate family for housework. Call or address
1381 Fifteenth St.. Oakland.
GERMAN gill would like place as cook or
housework; last nlace 4 years and a half; $25.
184 Preclta aye., bet. Mission and Howard.
YOUNG colored girl desires a situation as nursa
for one child or light second work, $12. I*l9
Jackson st.
GERM-.-, girl wishes a place as second glrlj
$20. IS4 Preclta ave., bet. Mission and Howard.
MRS. ARCHBARD. midwife; home in ccnflne-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
YOTJNQ woman wishes position as housekeeper;
good cook; city or country. MRS. STURM,
147 Powell st.
SITUATIONS XV ANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 V. O'Farrell St.; tel. East 428.
SITUATION wanted, German young man. In
private family; understands gardening, car*
of horses, cows, chickens ana general work
around the place; country; willing and oblig-
ing. Address box 104, Call office.
AMERICAN (50), steady and reliable, wants
work of any kind; used to horses, driving
wagon, etc.; generally useful; work on trial
for steady position; references, etc. Addres3
S. H., box 28. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS shoe salesman wishes situation;
city or country: if in country can handle all
lines of goods with equal success; am strictly
business and A No.l. Address box 556, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged man to
care for horses; can drive and do general
w.Tk about place. Address G., box 551, Call.
ENGINEER wants position running engine and
do own firing; reasonable wages. 925 Harri-
son st.
WANTED — By an Eastern young man of 25,
sober, willing to work, a place on fruit farm
or private place where there would be a Rood
home and steady work; best reference. Box
1478. Call office.
i RELIABLE man with best of recommendations
■\v,.uld like position In retail or wholesale
house, where there Is a chance for advance-
ment; speaks German and English. Box 888,
Call.
WANTED— By a strong young man, work of,
any kind in a store, warehouse or wholesale
house; good references. G. L.. 619 1 * Florida.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cheese-
i maker or foreman of dairy and ranch. Box
j 237, Call office.
; SITUATION wanted by steady, reliable man as
i-arpenter on a ranch or institution: under-
1 stands thoroughly wagon work and all kinds
I of farm machinery; is a good plain black-
smith: state wages. Address M. R., box 420,
Call office.
RESPONSIBLE and educated married man
wants to take charge of a gentleman's pri-
vate place; country preferred; or position in
city as Janitor; business references. Address
J. P., box 64. Call office.
WANTED— By a reliable gentleman of ex-
perience, position as working assistant to *
dentist; wages on application; references if
required. Address or apply 709 Ivy aye.
YOUNG married man desires position as driver
of delivery wagon or willing to do anything
else; good references; give bonds If required
S. A., box 747. Call office.
WANTED— Situation, city or country, as gar-
dener, by steady middle-aged man; can driv»
milk; handy with tools; references. Box
1094, Call office.
STEADY, Industrious young man of 23 wants
situation; generally useful about gentle-
man's country place. O. P., box 34, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; fre»
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK and second eirl, same house, $30 and
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, same hotel, country, $20 each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
2 FRIENDS or sisters as cook and second girl,
$25 and $15, see lady here 10:30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
CHAJIBERMAID, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
SECOND girl, Mayfleld. $20, see lady here;
_nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, $15. Cloverdale, farei
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child, $10. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
COOK, $30, country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
NURSE, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NURSE. $20; must have references. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter et.
COOK, $30; housegirl, $2.'.; young girl to assist,
$12; German nursegirl. ne child six years;
middle-aged woman, $15; ranch cook. $25.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Smter st.
SECOND girl. $20: housegirl. short distance.
$20; chambermaid, $15: German housekeeper,
__$15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter at.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.. want to-
day: Waitress. Fresno, $20, fare paid; 2
waitresses, same house, Fresno. $25. fare
paid: waitress, Woodland, $20; Congress
Springs. $20; Ellen Grove. $20: Cisco. $20; Val-
lejo; Mill Valley $1S; chambermaid to wait,
Watsonvllle. $20; middle-aged chambermaid
to wait, country. $20; 3 hotel waitresses, arm
work, $2h. city: mangier, hotel laundry. (20
and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
COOK, private hospital, $30: first-class cook,
American family. $30; second girl, a short
distance. $25; Irnners in laundry. $2 day: first-
class dressmaker, swell style; S waitresses and
chambermaids, hotels, resorts and restaur-
ants. $20. $25 and $3 week; laundress, small
resort, $20: and girls for cooking and house-
work. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, country hotel. $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kenniy st
GOOD dressmaker; one who thoroughly under-
stands her business; must have personal ref-
erences. Apply Y. W. C. A.. 1259 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN or girl for chamber work and assist
In housework. 34 Hawthorne St., off Howard,
near Second.
WANTED— Lady to take char-° of small fur-
nished house: rent free. 417 Harrison St.;
call S to 10 o'clock a. m.
SMART young girl for "eneral housework; few
boarders. Apply 500 Eddy st.
MARRIED woman to care for small rooming
house for room rent. 741 Howard st.
WANTED— GirI; general housework; adults-
sleep home. 2218 Webster st.
WANT a young girl to care for children- a
good home. Call 920E Pine st.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman as cook; good
home; steady place. 202 Ninth st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording and finish-
ing ladies' skirts. H. FRIEDLANDER 333
Fell st.
YOUNG Austrian girl to take care of children
and help to do housework. Inquire 28 Tehama.
WANTED— A woman desirous of~~a home- very
light work. Apply 10 Steuart st.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlns School. 1078 Market
rt.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
WANTED— GirIs and ladles to learn "Rood*
maeric scalp dress cutting system" complete in
10^ days; open evenings: good pay. 207 Taylor.
615 LARKIN ST.-Hranch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and want ads taken.1 HELP "WANTED— MALE.
;- I" Murray & READY^.Trrr7rr!7r
"**" Want To-day
2 Free fare Free ......Free fare
f 855 railroad teamsters, north $175 day
3.l railroad laborers, south $175 day
212 railroad teamsters, east $1 75 day
Special Notice '.
POO men to Arizona
25 gravel gold miners $75 per month
10 men to cut brush, etc $30 and found
6 milkers, different places, $30 and $25 and
found; 26 farm hands for different places, $26
and $20 and found; 3 choremen and rousta-
bouts for ranch, $20 and found
Coal wagon teamster, city $25 and found
26 laborers, city $1 75 day
6 good teamsters, city ... $1 75 day
Choreman around hotel $15 and found
12« woodchoppers $1 50 and $1 cord
146 tlemakers Be, g c an j I6c each
2 teamsters, board home city $1 75 day
Private family man $1;, and found
Gang edgerman $35 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
A TO THE GOLD FIELDS
;; In California
125 men are still wanted as common laborers,
no experience required
— Wages from $2 50 day
1 esterday one special passenger car of 50
men we dispatched; 1 cur load more wanted
for to-day; 1 car load more wanted for Sun-
day; special low reduced railroad rates from
our office to works and fields.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— AND FOUND.. Fare.. s3o and found
Not far from San Francisco
1." laborers, $30 per month and found: an
exceptionally good Job; to go to-day: free
fare. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— DRY ....... HELP LAUNDRY
Washer and starcher $35 and found
3 ironers, country .$3O and found
3 Ironers, city ". $2 day
Marker and distributer, city 138 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt
A— BAKERY HELP
Second baker, country shop $35 and found
2 baker's helpers $20 and found
Baker and pastry cook, country hotel, $45 and ,
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A.—TYPEWRITER, " stenographer, assistant
bookkeeper wanted In beautiful Santa Cruz j
mountains, $30 and found and increase; com-
mercial house ">• ■
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay at.
A— 2s WAITERS, different country hotels, $30,
$25 and $20 and found; 6 dishwashers; head 1
waiter, $30 and found, country hotel. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— l 2 COOKS, different country hotels, etc,
$50, $45, $35 and $30 and found; cook for 8 men,
$30 and found; on a ranch. MURRAY &
READY. C 34-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st.
, TO-DAY TO-DAY
FOR ALASKA
100 rockmen $3 a day
100 laborers $3 a day
For Skaguay Railroad
M. John Stanley of Skaguay will be at our
office to-day to interview all men wishing to
go on to-morrew's steamer
Remember, steamer palls to-morrow,
Sunday morning
Be sure and get your tickets
to-day
SPECIAL LOW RATES
.. At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary St..
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary at
WANTED TO-DAY
Railroad Work Free Fare
25 2-horse teamsters $20 and found
20 scraper loaders $1 75 a day
For Stockton and Valley Roads
Free Fare Free Fare
15 4-horse teamsters $1 75 a day
for a new road. We ship to-day
; FREE FARE
25 laborers, no experience necessary, for a
mine, wages $1 60 to $2 50 a day; special low
rates of fare to the work. . We ship daily
For Sawmills and Woods
Gang edgerman $2 25 a day
Screw turner $45 and board
Head logger $60 and board
6 buckers and barkers $35 and board
20 tiemakers and shingle bolt makers, $1 50
to ■ - 50 a cord
2> farmers, different ranches, $20: 6 farmers,
same ranch, $20; 20 laborers for a rock quarry,
$1 75 a day; ranch blacksmith, $35 and board..
Gardener and take care of a few horses for a
country hotel, $20 and found and half fare
paid
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
'. AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.S, 104 Geary Bt.
Steward and head waiter, hotel, $4.1 to $50;
waiter, country hotel, $30; 2 waiters, same
country hotel, $25; 2 waiters, oyster bouses,
$35 and $40; 2 waiters, same country hotel, $25
and $20; 6 waiters, different hotels, $20 and
125; waiter for an institution, country, $20;
night cook, restaurant. $55; camp cook for of-
ficers' mess, $1 50 a day; 6 dishwashers, coun-
try. $20 an.l $25: kitchen hand for a resort,
$2. r . and fare advanced.
2 neat bellboys for a summer resort.
2 colored waiters for a watering resort, $25
and fare paid.
C. H. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary ft.
WANTED— John Gray, mining foreman, please
call: ironers, $2 day: wine cellar man, $1 day:
20 teamsters and laborers, $1 day and board
and $1 75 day; coachman and gardener, $25 to
$30; Swedish farmer, $25; men to handle
sack. Jl 2." day; - carpenters for mine; farm-
■ ers for Napm and Santa Cruz counties, $30;
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62 V Sacramento at.
WANTED— cook, country restaur-
ant. $60; cook, restaurant, $40; 3 broilers, $36
to $50; second cooks, $23 to $35; 5 waiters, city
• and country, $25 to $35; kitchen help at all
kinds of prices and others. Apply to J. F.
(SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Ironer for laundry, country, $30 to
$35; ironer, Sonoma County, $30: ironer, Marin
County, $30; laundrymen for city, $20 to $30;
driver for laundry, French, $25; waiter for
nice resort, Alameda County, $20; waiter,
small country place, $20; several cooks and
kitchen hands; 2 boys for store, $10 and
found; saddle maker; bedmaker, $15 and
found; watchmaker, etc. ANDRE'S, 316
. Stockton st.
WANTED— Laundryman on a steamboat. $30
■ and found; broiler, city, $50; second cook, $50:
teamster to haul wood, near city, $25 and
board; for brickyards dumper, $30; 10 men
for brickyard, $25 and board; German chore-
man for resort near city, $25 and found;
steady Job; farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters
and others. W. I). EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
PLAINER man for country, $2 25 a day; milk-
er, country. $25; 6-hor.«e teamster, $26; wood-
chopper, stove wood, $2 60 a cord; choreman
for ranch, $15; scraper teamsters, city, $1 60 a
day; cellar man for vineyard, $26; boy for
blacksmith shop; boy for hotel. $10 and found.
R. T. WARD & CO., 60S and 610 Clay St.
PANTRYMAN. $2.".. country. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Cook and assistant for officers'
mess. Apply 3 to 5. Camp of Engineers (end
of Union-Bt. car line). Presidio.
BRIGHT, energetic solicitors: Alameda and
other counties; permanent; profitable. 1155
Mission st.
BARBER wanted for country town, $5; Sat-
urday and Sunday. Apply 302 Montgomery
! WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. Call 8 a. m.. 106 Third st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. Call
early, 623 Clay St.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1212% Polk st., near
Sutter, Model Restaurant.
GOOD and sober dishwasher at 8 Jackson Bt.
EXTRA waiter for Saturday and Sunday. 15
Stockton st. ■
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 138H Eighth st.
WANTED— Reliable persons In every section to
distribute circulars, samples and tack signs; I
no canvassing; cash paid. WILL A. MOLTON
CO.. Cleveland. Ohio.
I WATCHMAKER, Jeweler or similar business
can have first-class opportunity with fine
show window, etc. 847 Broadway, Oakland.
COAL miners who have worked In pitch vein
coal mines wanted. Apply to Tesla Coal Co.,
room 515, 328 Montgomery at.
SHOEMAKERS— Cutter and laster. EVANS,
NORTON & CO., Napa. Apply 312 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 months' work In
hand. Address W. H. WALKER. Bakersfleld.
10 YOUNG men for nice cruise; good wages;
no experience. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart st.
LADY and gentlemen solicitors to nell neces-
sary household article. Box 7645, Call office.
BAILORS and ordinary wanted at LANE'S.
604 I 'avis st., near Jackson.
WANTED— Laborera and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN*B fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
Ing, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
_room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis.
HAKHKRR' Ass'n Free~E~mploynVt Office, S.
IFI;CHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 138.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
tor a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. •
« N<:^ X T r or m "- lOc and 15c night: 75c and $1
-.-—_. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
W h£7 ED T To JS ollect wages. duo laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
*MaV C kpV?™ ER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
fr" •b,;,^nH°r ' Xc R nlght: rea <Jlns room;
free bug and baggage to and from the ferry.
_ PARTNER! WANTED" ~^
kSV' Ye P«ta«r with a practical
£? In in th ""-Pets, ruga, draperies, etc..
to go In the renovating business; a new
process now In use in the East; capital noces-
Sr?WAi™? : k ref Srf. nce9 require* Address
KT.EANIT. box 7482, Call office.. ■
. AGENTS "WANTED.
WANTED — A few canvassers; a good opportu-
nity for right parties. Call at 1103 Howard at.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FURNITURE WANTED.
H BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market st. : tel. Jessie 32.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished house or cottage in Mill
Valley for the month of August. Address,
stating terms and full particulars, to A. L.,
box 303. Call office.
~ WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— I second-hand steam boiler, 25 to 30
horse-power; also 1 10-horse power engine.
Address GEORGE H. TAY CO., 616 Battery.
3 SHETLAND pony colts Just weaned; must be
cheap and small. G. H. CROLEY, 417 Sacra-
mento st. ____^____^^_
I PERSONALS.
GERMAN gentleman, stranger, 36 years of
age, and with small capital, desires to make
the acquaintance of a respectable and edu-
cated lady with means, matrimonially in- j
clined; no agents. Address box 554, Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to go on the stage: has
had no experience. Please call or address
2341 Twenty-fourth st. _____ ;
GREVEN'S latest war song, "Remember, Boys,
the Maine," Is a big hit all over the coun-
try; for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms. 121 and 122 Mur-
pby building. 1236 Market at.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
I AM prepared to wait on all who come to my
new hairdresslng parlors; halrdressinp, 25c j
only; good switches, $1; best, finest quality,
I $3 M: open Sundays from 9 to 12. 'G. LED-
ERER. 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night ■ «1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. NKK. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy instalments. L.
L .MOS, 1117 Market st., bet 7th and Bth.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic prevents the hair turn-
ing cray. O. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
PAL.MhTKY. /i_
MRS. CHANDLER— lecture Sunday. 3 p.
m.. 305 Larkin; readings at res., 353 Geary st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
• will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to sp. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
PROFESSOR OMAR -
The Occult Wonder
325— Eddy st—
Always See the Best
Gives Invaluable advice on all affairs of life,
love, business, marriage, divorce, etc, unites
separated, causes speedy marriages, removes
domestic trouble, etc. ; full names, dates,
facts, in all cases: fee. $1 and $2; satisfaction
guaranteed or no fee accepted.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease, full life reading: la.
50c. gents sl; palm, andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locates burled
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
j reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 143 Sixth St., room 10.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st., room 2.
MME. SYBILLB, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post St.
SPIRITUALISM. •
MRS. BUTLER, clairvoyant and spiritual me-
dium; Hindoo control; 10 to 6. 579 Geary st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings, $1; clr. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m.; Sat. 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 222 Stockton st. ■ :
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same eas>
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell et. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL piano, $135; Sterling, $175; Vose.
$200; 47 more; all must go during July and
August; investigate before buying. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, Chickering agents, 16-18-20
O'Farrell st.
WE invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye.. Conover agents.
SOHMER * CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 : Market st.
A FINE upright, nearly new: must sell. Call
to-day, room 2.", 1021 Van Ness aye.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos: wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllistei
St., next Hlbemla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 80 O'Farrell at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. iT
MULLER. maker, renalror. 2 Latham place.
LOST.
LOST— A gold watch and chain, bearing Initials
T. R. Finder please return to MISS E.
RICHTER, 1327 Seventh aye.. East Oakland,
or 8128 Filbert St., San Francisco, and re-
celve liberal reward.
LOST— A pair of gold bowed eyeglasses In
case, going from McAllister St. through the
Market, to Market st. to Seventh and Jessie;
reward. Box 558, Call office.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CATHERINE NOLAN, No. 114,303.
The flnder will please return to bank.
FOUND. ~
FOUND— Young St. Bernard dog. Apply 804
Central five.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY - Steam ( •arpet-Cleanfirg^^o'rlts^aetrnsT
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 230. -,
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send .to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. CEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 463
Stevenson st. ; tel B. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at 3c
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
at.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
Ci iN KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. ■ .
TYPEWRITERS." "
ALL ■ typewriters Bold and' rented ; few "partly
used ■■ for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. HO Montgomry.
NEW Hammond, $35: callgraph, $2.V BUck
$22 50; get sample. ■ SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
.STORAGE. — -—
pI^R^E^RUDOLPH Storage^^d^Moving^CoT;
office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE. trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WANTED— Party with $175 to take an interest
In a sure paying enterprise; $200 profits per
month. Call at M. LESS. 765 Market st.
|800— DAY saloon; near large business houses;
doing good buEiness; fine fixtures; best bar-
gain in the city. M. LESS, 76a Market st.
$1100— DA V saloon and lunchhouse; best busi-
ness part; part cash; easy payments: must be
sold; owner retiring. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$500— SALOON, with 5 living rooms, including
furniture; largo stock; fine fixtures; buy noth-
ing until you see this; central location. M.
LESS. 7C5 Market st.
$20u — CIGAR store and laundry; prominent cor-
ner; has good stock and- doing good business;
see it at once. M. LESS, 765 Market St., op-
posite I'helan building.
Has— RESTAURANT; excellent location; do-
ing a good business; rent only $20; good bar-
gain; see it to-day. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$400— SALOON; best location in the city; re-
ceipts $18 to J25 a day; must be sold at once;
owner going East. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$175— PARTNER wanted in paying restaurant,
north of Market; an excellent offer made by
cook of said restaurant; cannot depend on
hired help; look this up. M. LESS, 765 Mar-
ket st.
A— sl7s; SALOON; established years, with club-
rooms; average dally receipts $8; rent $20;
owner must sell at once because he took po-
sition as commercial traveler. Call WILKE,
M 5 Market st.
A— $1000; SAI/OON In the very best location,
Western Addition, doing a first-class paying
business; owner engaged in other business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE,
845 Market st.
A— s4oo; PARTNER In first-class paying busi-
ness, on Kearny St.. neur Market, clearing
eafily $250 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars, WILKE, 845 Market.
$*«»— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon in choicest
duwn-tuwn location, with building; long lease;
doing a first-class paying business; other en-
gagements compel owner to sacrifice. Parti-
culars WILKE. 845 Market St.
$600— CORNER saloon in wholesale district; es-
tablished many years and doing a good pay-
ing business; owner must leave for the coun-
try at once. Call WILKK. 84G Market st.
$1200— CIGAR store and stationery, en Market
til., near ferries: first-class paying; low rent;
a genuine bargain; investigate at once; a
rare chance. WILKE, 845 Market st.
$450— RESTAURANT; cost $750; must sell on
account of immediate departure. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$300— PARTNER wanted in laundry; paying
business. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny St.
$1500— CANDY store and factory; bargain, on
account of immediate departure. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$200— PARTNER wanted in a paying legitimate
business; will pay to each over $5 dally. Mc-
LAUGHLZN ft CO., 23 Kearny st.
I $650 — FIRST-CLASS restaurant ior sale in Oak-
land; owner has had the place S years: loca-
tion Is the best In the city; on principal
street; no opposition; clearing $2PO per month;
this Is a rare chance; proprietor is going to
Europe. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
A— s9oo; CORNER grocery and bar; $500 cash,
balance time; all fresh stock; fine business;
mostly bar trade. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary.
$Km- FAMILY liquor store with bar and side
entrance; value In stock. KREDO & CO.
I A— s3oo; RESTAURANT, $30 daily; 20 steady
boarders; other good restaurants from $200
to $3000. KREDO & CO.. 22U Geary st.
?: meat market: -$6O dally; best in city;
make offer. KREDO & CO. 22H Cieary st.
$3000— PARTNER in established wholesale pickle
manufactory; clears JowHj yearly; partner re-
tiring. KRED< I & CO.
|A— W000; WOOD, coal, hay, Rraln and boarding
j stable. KREDO A CO., 22^ Geary st.
$200— PARTNER wanted; corner cigar store;
receipts $16 to $20 per day; clearing $75 per
month to each; trial allowed; must have
help. liiiALY, i'l7 Market st.
PARTNER wanted: light business; Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary St., room 2.
$150— HORSERADISH and pickle stand, sit-
uated in best market in city. BASILE. S73^i
Market st.
$700—2 MILK routes doing paying cash busi-
ness, together with depot selling produce,
cans, horses, wagons, harness, etc. ; $25 cash
taken In dally; nu books kept; owner leav-
ing town. J., box 10, Call office. Oakland.
$6»O— PARTNER in a pleasant business to
i travel In foreign countti-s with Edison's in-
ventions; no previous experience necessary;
can make $'.000 a year. Call after 11 a. m..
17 Grant aye., room 12. '
FOR SALE— In best country town, cheap, with
first-class private and store trade; good rea-
sons for selling; two wagons; low rent. For
particulars address Rakery. box 74, Call office.
$176— FRUIT and vegetable stand; West-rn Ad-
dition; $12 day guaranteed; trial given to any
one meaning business; a barton. CITY
AGENCY. S5O Market St.
PROSPERING fruit store. 290 Third aye., Rich-
mond; good reason given for selling.
$l. r .f>— <;< >< il> saloon for sale. with 3 living
rooms; rent $18. Inquire Call office.
EXTRA chance for a good horseshoer and gen-
eral blacksmith on a corner where the owner
has 4 horses and wagons himself and more
than half the rent is taken in work. Call
on CHARLES ALPERS 706 Ivy aye.
YOU ran buy saloons for $400 and lose all your
money; if you want a good living In a dainty
well-located saloon for $SOO see FRANK, 12$
O'Farrell st.
LADY wants working partner with some capi-
tal In good-paying business; security for
money. Call or address 930 l *> Mission St., r. 2.
GOOD opportunity for experienced party; pay-
ing saloon; 18 rooms; known as Uroad-gauge
HoteL Apply to G. BHEARER, San Rafael.
FOR sale— Barber shop; 1 chair; 1707 Market
St., near Twelfth; living rooms; cheap rent.
MILK route for sale; eleven cans; private
trade. A; ;iiy 2258 Fifteenth rt.
$2600— An old established business doing busi-
ness In 4 large cities; clears about $200 per
month; thorough Investigation. Box O. O. 09,
Call office.
FOR Sale— On account of sickness, bakery and
candy store; great bargain. 1120 Howard st.
FdR sale— Old-established grocery. Inquire 252
First st., corner Clementina.
$25— NOTIONS and groceries; cheap rent; 3
rooms. 36S Eleventh st.
FOR SALE— Saloon; stock and fixtures; one of
the best locations In the city; doing a good
business: no reasonable offer refused; good
reason for selling. 434 Pine St.. near Kearny.
FOR SALE— A well stocked grocery and bar:
old established business; run by owner 6
years; rent cheap. Apply Call Office.
$250— SALOON; day business. 506 Clay st.
FOR sale — 2 old-established groceries and bars;
price $1250. Box 201, Call Office.
SORER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop In center of town St. Helena;
German preferred: rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON, St. Helena.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best in Central Cali-
fornia, for sale; chance of lifetime to up-to-
date worker. Address BENT, 40 California st.
LONG established corner saloon; must be sold;
cheap if at once. Box 1256, Call office.
FOR sale — Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W 7 . CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 c 'acramento st.
LODGING Mill s Pj s FOR SALES.
A— KREDO & CO. 22V4 Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
110 rms; best $4650113 rms; clears $50... 5850
48 rms; Geary 2000 11 rms; good 400
25 rms; Post 1550! 9 rms; Leaven w'th. 275
20 rms; very best 16001 9 rms; Jones 450
14 rms; Eddy 850: And many others.
Many of the above part cash, balance time. •
$1000— WILL buy the best 12-room transient
house; clears $75 monthly; exchange for 5
room flat; cash difference. KREDO & CO.
A— lo ROOMS; rent $30; Golden Gate ave.s 300
60 rooms; fine corner 750
32 rooms; clears $200 monthly 2600
10 rooms; sunny corner; payments i','i
44 rooms; flno for transients; part cash.. 1600
25 rooms; near Baldwin; cheap 600
26 rooms; transient; best In - Ity 1500
40 rooms; Market st. ; clears $200; cheap
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. (L. W
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
60-ROOM German hotel $ljno
50-room corner house; clears $800 1400
26-rooms; rent $50; central 650
19 rms. ; boarding 1500 10 rms.; fine cor... 300
15 rms.; corner... 900 15 rms.: on 4th st.. 250
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
26-ROOM corner house: best In the city; worth
$1800; price $900. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
CORNER house: fine location; new furniture;
18 rooms; all rented: bargain' owner leaving
town. Address box 555, Call Office.
$300— LODGING house of 20 furnished rooms-
all rented; rent $35. J. B. GIACOMINI, 12
Montgomery aye.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale very cheap, at 25
Ninth Ft.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
COZY 4-room flat and bath, all furnished com-
plete, tot sale; all oak. Apply 317 Sutter Bt.
SET of old mahogany furniture for sale at
1517 Sanchez st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1206 Market; diseases of women a speolalty.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1472, nr. Huchanan— 6 r. and b. and
planked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., nr. Webster— lo r. and
b. ; modern Improvements; $50.
JACKSON, 2008, near Octavia— 9 rooms and
bath; all sunny; marine view; location flrst-
rlass: rent only $30. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
NEW house, 12 rooms; Mission warm belt; rent
only $25. See ISAACS, 240 Montgomery st.
NICE dwelling, 441 Fifth St., 7 rooms; large
sunny yard; rents reduced.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
pomery Ft.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market St.
$25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER. 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st.
FIRMSIIED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR, SlO — Completely furnished sunny
houee, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
ami 4 i. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON ST., 333— 3-room cottage; yard
and chicken-house; $5 mo. San Mateo cara
to Thirty-fourth st^
COTTAGE, 3 sunny rooms, yard, basement,
cheap to email family. 1270 Folsom, nr. 9th.
FLATS TO LET.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13, $14, $15, $18 and $23 sn. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., oft Twelfth st.
FINE flat 7 rooms and bath: 521 McAllister
st.. bet. Van Ness aye. and Franklin. Apply
623 Gulden Gate aye.
FOLSOM, 830, bet. sth and 6th— fi r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
FULTON, 118— Middle sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath; near City Hall; $28. _^
GEARY, K'l7 — 4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
HOWARD. 858— Brick bldg; 6 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
LANGTON, 33— 515; sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath.
li 1 - Perry st.; $10; flat, 5 rooms.
116^ Perry st.: $1": flat, 4 rooms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 63S Market.
MCALLISTER. 1723, nr. Broderlck— B r. and b. ;
rent $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
PAGE, 127, between Octavia and Gough— Flat
of 5 sunny rooms; $14 50.
I'( IST, 2607— 8ay-wlndew flat of 5 sunny rooms;
modern Improvements; $13 a month.
SUTTER 16138, nr. Octavia— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
TURK, 5208 and D — Two sunny flats, 4 rooms
and bath: large basement, yard; rent $12 and
$13; no children.
VALENCIA, 469. nr. 16th— 6 r. and b. ; rent $16.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gamery st.
WANTED — 110 tenants for flats and cottages,
$n tn $12, at a. m. speck & co.'S, 602 Mar-
ket St.
$20— NEW choice punny flat; all latest Improve-
ments. 1708 Hyde St., near Broadway.
fl'' NEW modern sunny flat, S rooms and bath.
266S Twenty-second Ft., near Bryant.
$16 50 with water free and ashman; elegant
corner flat 5 front rooms; closet; gas fixtures,
yard, etc. Corner Oak Grove aye. and Harri-
son st., between Fifth and Sixth.
$1^ ELEGANT modern sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath; nice view. 30281 i Buchanan st.
Bl RNISHJZD FLATS.
6-ROOM flat and bath, completely furnished.
I''23 n'Farr. il st.. near Van Ness aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; Uay. 25 to oOc.
BARTLETT, 420, bet. i wenty-ftfth and Twen-
ty-sixth — Sunny kitchen and bedroom, nicely
furnished; rent reasonable.
BUSH, 1238—3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
near Larkin; sunny side of street.
BUCHANAN. 602. corner Fell— Bay-windows;
kitchens: others; single, en suite; $6 to $9.
FILLMORE, 1920— Twft or three furnished sun-
ny rooms; connecting; separate kitchen.
FOLSOM, 810— Two front sunny rooms fur-
nished complete and neat for housekeeping;
no children.
FOLSOM^ !<74— Complete sunny housekeeping
rooms. Jl SQ week up; quiet family.
GROVE, 2n2, cor. Van Ness — 2 and 3 room
suites, with gas range.
HOWARD, 9354. N« w Philadelphia— Sunny
rooms; also housekeeping; gas, water, bath.
JESSIE. 333— Large sunny furnished house-
keeping room, $10.
MCALLISTER, 422— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping: Kas stove and bath.
MINNA, L^ -Furnished housekeeping rooms, $1
per week; piano free.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; large yard.
NATOMA, 81, cor. Second— Sunny front house-
keeping room; also others; rent cheap; re-
spectable.
POST. CI7H- Unfurnished front and back par-
lor and kitchen for housekeeping; rent $15.
POWKLL, 944—3 housekeeping rooms; also
single room; $15 and $6.
POWELL, 710—2 large sunny rear rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; gas; bath: yard; $10.
POLK, 605—1 sunny convenient comfortable
housekeeping room; gas stove; $9.
SIXTH, JOB— Very cheap; cozy suite of rooms;
light housekeeping If desired.
SIXTH. 119 A (The Piedmont)— 2 or 3 complete-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms.
SIXTH. 221- Furnished rooms for housekeeping;
3 rooms, $11; 1 room, $8; 1, $6.
THE HILLS! ),M,K. 33 Sixth st.— Suite furnish-
ed rooms for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TWELFTH, 145 — Sunny rooms; complete for
housekeeping ; also single; very reasonable.
VALENCIA. 205—2 unfurnished bay-window
rooms; large: hot and cold water; $10.
VAN NESS, 518— 2 sunny front rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $15.
OVKLAM) HOISKKKKPING ROOMS.
FIFTEENTH, 818— Lower floor; 3 clean, sunny
rooms; separate entrance: nice grounds.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON Hou»e, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O' Farrell— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms by day, week or month.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde. Sutter 715-717-719, 829% and Mason
407— Choice, sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT The Randolph, 801 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week.
CALIFORNIA, 1316— Small sunny front room;
gas, bath, cloBet; $6; references.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Sunny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant, clean sunny rooms, $5
up; also housekeeping rooms; quiet home.
EDDY. 207— Sunny, nicely furnished rooms;
bath and gas; $8 and $9 per month.
EDDY, 523—2 nice rooms for $12.
EIGHTH. 111—3 nicely sunny furnished rooms;
rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 55G— Elegant sunny suite parlorß; fine
location for doctor, dentist or studio; with
piano; hot and cold water, bath, gas; other
suites, single and double rooms; privileges of
light housekeeping.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. ; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 26c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room: Howard cars.
GOUGH, 520—2 furnished sunny rooms; gas,
bath; suitable for lady or gentleman.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant Bunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HdWARD, %7l{— Sunny front room; furnished;
rent reasonable.
HYDE. 230— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. $10 and $15; nice sunny yard.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reasnble.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
, rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate aye.—
sunny room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas
>■ stove. ' - ■.■■ ■■ ■.■ . .; . ■ • ■ ;'■;■■•:■;'-
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness—
- Suites, single rooms; newly furnished. '
MCALLISTER, — Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
Hall.
MCALLISTER, 511— Nice front suite; also front
single room; bath; gas; private family.
MINNA,* 3404—2 large sunny rooms; housekeep-
ing if desirable; cheap; upstairs.
NORTHWEST cor. Fourth and Tehama sts.—
sunny unfurnished rooms to let.
OAK, 119—1 nicely furnished front room, short
walk from City Hall; good neighborhood.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished . rooms, ele-
, vator, electric lights, day, week or month. r
O'FARRELL, New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suite*, and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PINE, 681— A large front room; running water;,
large closet; reasonable terms.
PINE, Front and back parlor, furnished
or unfurnished.
POLK, 709—2 large sunny front rooms, newly
furnished; running water; private family;
references. -
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL. 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
POWELL, 420— Sunny 'front room, unfurnished.
POWELL, Sunny front room; newly fur-
nished; suitable for 1 gentleman; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House. 16-18 Mason et.— Fur-
nished rooms; single. $150 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5: baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
SOUTH PARK, 184— Sunny front room for lady
' or gentleman; nicely furnished: rent $5.
BUTTER, 1003— Pleasant sunny suite, newly
furnished; also single room; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 706— A well-furnished sunny room ;
for gentleman.
TURK, 127— Nicely furnished rooms from *3
and up pct 1 month; also housekeeping rooms.
VAN NESS, 808— 2 large, bright, sunny parlor
suits: handsomely Furnished; suitable for
physician or dentist; modern; fine location.
MONTGOMERY, 527 cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, 822— First-class sunny room and board,
with gas, bath, running water, telephone,
' home cooking; references exchanged.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with \
"room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location. ■ i
HYDE, -293, Salisbury— Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny room?;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
PINE, — Sunny rooms; home cooking; baths
and running water; fine location; terms very
reasonable. ' '
SAN RAFAEL— Room and board for 1 or 2
gentlemen in private family, $30 per month;
nice location; 4 blocks from depot. Address
Postofflcc box 76, San Rafael. ...'-'.
SOUTH PARK. Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing-house: first class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking: terms mod.
THE ORIEL — New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month: single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS AYE.. 808—2 beautiful sunny par-
lor suites; nicely furnished; modern conve-
niences; board if desired.
VAN NESS aye., Beautiful sunny rooms;
newly furnished; excellent board if desired;
references.
ELEVENTH,. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
CHILDREN' BOARDED.
ONE or 2 children to board In German family;
room for parents If desired. 439 Minna st. ,
FRENCH lady boards children or infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st. . ;
STORES TO LET.
CITY Hall Square, 17— Large light store,
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
TURK, 422, near Larkin— $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
OFFICES TO LET.
E^lM^"sVßECKELFbuTldTnKr927^M^rket^t^
Light, cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant offices for rent.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years:
. teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1448 Market St., nr. 11th;'
no charge for extracting when, plates are
made; o'.' plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE \V. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
. New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE. and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ■
HORSES.
CAMP .wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. s .
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FINE Brewster coupe for sale at Monarch Sta-
ble, 332 Bush st.
*125— CHICKERING piano: good condition; $10
down, $4 a month. 225 Sutter st.
FOR SALE— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, 1802 Seventh St., Oakland.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches,
10c; SxlO and 10x12.. lnc; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
lixl7. 25c: 16x20, 30c; ISx22, 35c; 20x24. 45c; 22x
28, 60o; curtain polos complete, 15c; rm. mold-
lng.all colors, lc ft;open eve.Jones,s47 Mission, j
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
EXCHANGE — Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market st.
GAS fixtures vpry low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
SCALE, safe, coffee mill, desk, letter press;
cheap, at C2l Mission st.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-516-518 Mission st.
CRAriIOI'HONES, $10; Record.-?, $;, j.er
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only *15. 41 Third
st., pawn office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2U-hand. Smith Co., ?27 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH * Wol.l'MA.V, Fremont it Howard.
SAFES — New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving:, etc.,
bought and sold. l(*vt Missinn. near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. .
$600— MUST sell; 4' room cottage and 3 lots;
25x125 each ; on Broad aye. THISTLETON,
872 Sadowa St.. ■ Ocean View.  . ;
JIOOO— RANCH, 70 acres good level land; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & CO., 23 Keamy st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WHARF for rent In Oakland, at foot of Wash-
- ington and Clay Bts. : frontage of about 3SO
1 feet on harbor line; area about 200,000 square
feet. Apply, to HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050
Broadway. .. .
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house of 4 rooms; also chickens.
1668 Fifth St., West Oakland.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; :ent cheap; cen-
tral; 589 24th st.. nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
* OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway. . .
FINE sunny fulte: also sunny single room; va-
rant -Tune 1. THE * IT >VB. f."" Fl-rhth »t.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE r '. household goods thl« week?
BCHFgLLH A A old (■tor*. 4ft 1 ? F!»vpnth st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$SOO— LOT 50 feet front, west side Grand st. ;
| $12. ,0. lot Alameda aye. and Paru St. ; $1200,
new 5-rocm cottage on Grand st. ; $3000, new
7-room house, west Bide Lafayette St., near
San Antonio aye.: $10C0, 10 acres, right at
Fruitvale; also chicken ranch; bargains In
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st., Alameda.
I FOR sale Immediately, cheap, house and lot
3."x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments: 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1525
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alomeda.
j SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x160; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chapin st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 £0 a year. '
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station: also
5-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON, 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
MONEY TO LOAN. '
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. : tel. Green 204. -
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at B^ per cent on real estate; 2d
j . and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$2' AND upwards on pianos, furniture, real
estate. Address box 157, Call office.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
CO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.;. babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 59 McAllister
Ft.; pills, $1: very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
' in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment: every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones..
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time* it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 60 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
- Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before . pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine - or instru-
ments used; restores In one day without fail;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. $1: cure. $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 318 Keari\y st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly ah
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home In confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
A BOON to wives and — Seguro; prict
$150; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
, facturing Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
AI..PEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger;' safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too -late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children. . ■ :
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no- charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases. Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.. room 64. . -
LEGAL NOTICES. . -
Assessment Book of . Real and | Per-
, sonal Property. 1898.— Office of . the Clerk of
: Board of Supervisors of the ' city and county
' of San Francisco, City Hall building, second
'■ floor, July 6, 1898. : : -
Public notice is hereby given, in accordance
wan section No. 3654 of the Political Code,
that the Assessment Book of the City and
County of San Francisco, for the fiscal year
IS9B, has been completed and delivered to me.
as Clerk of the Loard of Super isors, together
1 with the map books and statements, and will
be open for examination in this office from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m.. and that said
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the assessment of
property therein, on Tuesday afternoon, July
6. 1898. at 2 o'clock, and will tnereafter con-
tinue In session from . time to > time until the
I business of equalization presented to them Is
I disposed of, but not later than the 18th day of
July, 1898. /■.:: ■'•;■■
! Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
• Public notice Is also given that,' In accord-
ance with sections 1897, 1899 and 8654 of the
Political Code, the Military Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered over to me, and is now open
for examination and correction, as provided by
law. . , . ■ JNo. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
IN the Court of Common Pleas No. 1 for the
County, of Philadelphia and Commonwealth
'■. of Pennsylvania. : December term, 1897 No
3SV4. In divorce— EDWAßD A. THELLER
vs. MARY K. THELLER. • iJiJ^"
To MARY K. THELLER— Madam: This Is
to notify you that your husband,-, EDWARD
A. THELLER, : has made . application in the
above case for a divorce a. v. m. on the
ground of adultery and willful and malicious
desertion. The ' undersigned has been ap-
pointed Master by the above Court and will
. hold a meeting at his > offices, Nob. 824 and 525
Stephen Girard Building, Twelfth street
above Chestnut • street, Philadelphia ' Penn-
sylvania, on Thursday, August 4th, A D
IM>S, at 10 o'clock a. m., at. which time and
place you may appear In person or by coun-
sel to show cause, if any. you have, why such
■ a divorce should not be granted against you
FREDERICK A. SOBERNHEIMEH
■ ■■'■ ' -■'•'■ '-■■ - - : " -' -■ ■■ ■ '■ ' - Master.
NOTICE to Creditors— Estate of AMELIA V
: R. PIXLE Y. deceased.
Notice is -hereby given by the undersigned
executors of the will of AMELIA V. R Pix-
LEY, ' deceased, to the creditors of and all per-
sons having claims against the said deceased,
to I exhibit -: them ; with the necessary vouchers
within ten months after the first publication of
this notice, to the said executors at their office
No. 2 Montgomery street, city. and. county of
San Francisco. 1 State of California, the same
being their " place for the ■ transaction of « the I
business of the ; said - estate - In . the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
.■-■■■-■■■»■ ' ..' ::-.-• ■■■- F. D. CURTIS,-
THE UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO. r:::- '
Executors of the Will of AMELIA V. R. PIX-
LEY, Deceased. -?■ - • ' .. -■ ---
, Dated at Ban Francisco, June 18, 1888.
EDUCATIONAL.. /.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages; English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
. veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
NSW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform 01
stage use, taught by Mrs. Kincaid at her
school of elocution . and expression. Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing.-
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247
Franklin st. ; co-educational boarding and day
school: complete English, French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; , a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough, room 572, Parrott building.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
- nr. Charming way, Berkeley ; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.
eat. 1564. VAN PER' NAILLKN.,933 Market.
LADY will teach Spanish; So a lesson. 417
Mason st., room 8,
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. Sl4 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught inT month; references:
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Egipto Santori and Erzilia M. Dini ....28-18
Salvatore Caruso and Marietta Trapani 23-23
L. F. Jimenez and Catherine Llndwall 25-21
Ludwig Relchert and Catharina Reeder 33-30
David Vertvick and Emma Oiblin ......41-31
A. F. Smlthurst and Clara A. Ahlgren 21-18
BIRTHS— MARRIASES— DEATHS.
HORN. ...
GILBERT— In this city. July 6, 1898, to • ths
wif» of Robert J. Gilbert (nee Sophey), a
daughter.
WEILHEIMER— In Mountain View, Cal., July
7, 1898, to the wife of J. Weilheimer. a daugh-
ter;^
MARRIED.
O'DONNELL — HICK?: V — In East Oakland.
July 3, 1898, by the Rev. Father Gleason,
Harry B. O'Donnell and Katie F. Hlckey,
both of San Francisco. " .
PAINE— MATHEWSON— In San Rafael. Marin
County, June 2. 1898, William Barnes Paine
and J. Elgle Mathewson.
.___. DIED. rr ~~~
-Barbieri, Giovanni Lehmann. Elizabeth
Brown, William Q. -Lynngreen, Mrs. J.
Cleary, William J. McDonough, Joseph
Cooper, Archibald Megica, Eugenic C.
Delehanty, Ellen Niemann, Friedrich
■ Denison. Eli S. O'Keefe,. Patrick' J.
Gundlach. Fritz Purcell, Michael
Hanlon, John , . Sexton, Catherine
'. Jacobson, Frank ■ Townsend, Louis R.
BARBIERI— In this city. July 7. 1896, Gio-
vanni M.. beloved husband of Lotte Barbleri.
father of M. and Mabel Barbieri, and brother
of Mr. G. Barbieri, a native of Italy, aged
47 years 6 months and 22 days.
H^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1427 Pine street. Interment Laurel
Hill. Cemetery.
BROWN — July 7, 1898, William Q.. beloved
son of Hannah and the late Thomas Brown,
and brother of George H., Thomas A., Jean,
Mamie, Maud and Millie Brown and Mrs. H.
McMahon, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 9 months and IE days. .' •
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
. tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 11:30
o'clock, from tup family residence, 1911 Sut-
ter street. Interment private.
CLEARY— In South San Francisco. July 7, 1898,
William Joseph, dearly beloved husband of
the late Julia A. Cleary, and dearly beloved
father of Mrs. Katie Keefe. Mrs. H. G. Mil-
ler. William J. Cleary. Mrs. F. S. Oliver and
Frank Cleary. a native of Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 69 years 3 months and 21 days.
A member of Bay View Lodge No. 159, A. O.
U. W. (New York papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. F. S. Oliver. 1536 Elev-
enth avenue i south, thence to All Hallows"
Church, N street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth avenues south, where a solemn re-
quiem high mags will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A. O. U. W. — To the- officers and members of
Bay View Lodge No. 159, A. O. U. W.—
Brothers: You are hereby notified to meet
at your lodgeroom to-morrow (Sunday), at 8
o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother. William Joseph
• Cleary. By order of M". W.
EDWARD ('. MEALEY. Recorder.
COOPER— this city, July 5. IS9S. Archibald
Cooper, a native of Baltimore, Md.. aged S7
years.
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the First U. P.
1 ■ Church, corner of Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
t ery. Remains at the parlors' of Craig &
Cochrane Co., 22 Mint avenue:
DELEHANTY— In this city. July 8. 1898. Ellen,
beloved daughter of John and Ellen Delehanty,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months
and £6 days. ;
(D^The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents"
residence, 1155 Harrison ' street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DENISON— In Oakland, July 7, IS9B, Ell S.
Denison, a native of Elbridge. N. V., aged
70 years and 11 months.
■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Unitarian
' Church, Fourteenth and Castro streets. . In-
terment private.
GUNDLACH— this city, July 6, 1898, Fritz,
beloved husband of M. Gundlach, and father
of Katie, Fritz and Anna Gundlach, a native
of Germany,' aged 47 years.
HANLON— In this city, July 7. 1898, John, be-
loved husband of Mary J. Hanlon, and father
"of Mrs. Thomas Peckham and Frank 1.. Jo-
' seph A., John S. and- Edward R. Hanlon, a
' native of : County Tlpperary. ' Ireland, aged
.74 years. ■
in?" The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
" dence. 1423 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avdnue. when a high
'. requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
- Please omit flowers. . • ■■ . ,■ *. ■
JACOBSON— In this city, ii July 7. 1898, - Frank
' Jacobson, beloved brother of Fred, - Emily,
Ernetrt, Nellie. Edward and Hanna Jacobson
1 and Mrs. K. E. Hanson, a native of Sweden,
aged 26 years. . «T-^' . . .
tCTFriends ai ' acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral' to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
. the California Undertaking Company, corner
I Stockton and Geary streets. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. ■ ■•
LEHMANN— In this city. July 7, 1898. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Max Lehmann, a na-
tive of Rochester, N. ST., aged 32 years 4
" months and 1 day. ' • ■ • ■• ''_-7?'
(""■■"""■■"■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the' funeral this. day
' (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from. the parlors of
jj Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
- Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery. 7
LYNNGREEN— this city, July 7, IS9S; Mrs.
Johanna, wife of J. W. Lynnereen, and be-
loved mother of Alfred, Joseph and Blanche
Lynngreen and Mrs. E. B. - O'Connor, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged ■62 years. (Brattleboro,
Vt., and Ware, Mass.. papers please copy.)
■ (C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from, her late resi-
dence. 33 Norfolk street, thence' to St.' Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mas»
will be celebrated for the repose of her. soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. \ Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '• - ■ • • < :
McDONOUGH— In this city, July 8. 1898, Jo-
seph,- beloved son of Patrick and. Annie Mc-
DonouKh, a native of Colma, San Mateo
' County, aged 6 years 8 months and 6 days.
MEGICA— In this city. July 7, 1-S9S. Eugenic
Catharine,- Infant • daughter.- of Edward ,• and
. Josephine Mecica, a native 'of . California,
aged 6 months and 16 days.
NIEMANN— In this city. July S, 1898, ' Fried-
rich, dearly beloved husband •of Susanna
Niemann. a native of Germany, aged 48 years
8 months and 6. days. , .' ' . .
Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Sunday), at i) o'clock sharp, from the parlors
of' Charles IJ. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— this city, July 8,, 1898, Patrick
■J., beloved son of . Daniel sj and Abigail
O'Keefe. and brother of Michael and. Daniel
O'Keefe, a native of Ireland, aged 26 years.
PURCELL— In this city, . July 8, 1803, Michael
Purcell, beloved father of Thomas and John
Purcell and . Mrs. ' Fred : Danmon, a native of
County Clare." Ireland, aged 68 years. ' y."
SEXTON— In this city. July 8,.1595, Catherine,
beloved wife of Phillip Sexton, mother of
Thomas Francis and Phillip Vincent Sexton.
1 and only sister of Miss Mary Rahill, a native
of County Cavan, Ireland. ■
Notice of funeral hereafter. '
TOWNSEND— In thrs city, July 6, 1898, Louis
I R. Townsend* aged 66 years." j. ■ . . .
E7Friends and acquaintances and all mem-
B hers and ex-members of the City Guard, mem-
bers of Veteran Corps.' N. G. C, and Ex-
1 emnt Firemen are i^quested jto . attend the
:. funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
from the First Regiment Armory, corner
Page and Cough streets.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER.
"FUNERAL DIBECTORS & EiIBALMESi
it il/TH ST., Opp. Lincoln Soajjl.
Telephone, South 80. '
. Eetab. 1858 Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 20 MINT AVENUE. ;
Lady assistants. Spacious chape, for tha naa
cl our'patrona. Rubber. Urea 00 our ambuUno*-
1314
SOME QUEER
WHITEWASHING
CONTRACTORS
A Carpet Beater and a Grocer
Secure the Work From
Mr- Burns.
Drucker Accused of Doing Mean Politics.
Side Lights on the Latest School
Board Scandal.
The recent explosion in the Board of
■Education which broke the friendship of
political co-workers who had long la
bored in their special vineyard most har
moniously has some features that have
not been made plain to the public, and
which have peculiar interest.
At the meeting in which Director Gal
lagher shied his castor in the ring, to
the consternation of his colleague, and
Director Drucker with unseemly haste
threw his old chum. Chairman Burns,
down with a dull political thud, some
matters came up that by reason of the
excitement were not looked into. The
most important of these was the con
tracts that had been let for the whit< ■
Ing and tinting of the walls of fourteen
schools. Each was a separate coniuu,
a fact which led to a pointed inquiry
from Director Gallagher as to why these
arrangements had not been made with
one firm to do all the work at a lump
price in the interest of conomy. To this
query Mr. Burns made no reply, but the
subsequent questioning developed th*
fact that most of the contracts were with
one "Frank Conklin." The identity of
this gentleman was not made plain at
the meeting, and an examination of the
latest directory did not disclose the name
of any such man in that line of business.
The contracts in <:uestion were made
to "Conklin & Donohue." Such a firm
being unknown, a request was made to
Storekeeper Graham, of the School De
partment, to permit an examination of
the contracts. This waf very promptly
and emphatically refused. That gentle
man was told that the contracts were
public documents and open to the in
spection of any citizen, but it made no
difference, they wore not forthcoming
from the "private receptacle" referred to
by Inspector O'Brien when undergoing an
Inquisition by the bolting members of trie
board.
However the "kalsominers" were finally
located, and it would take better guessers
than the Strategy Board at Washington
to surmise who they are. The firm is
composed of Frank Conklin of Conklin
Bros., who use steam power to beat car
pets at 333 Golden Gate avenue. His
partner in the whitewashing business is
Thomas Donohue, who purveys ham.
bread and cheer in a small grocery on the ,
corner of Grove and Laguna streets.
Thosf' who ;>.re acquainted with the
facts find it soipewhat puzzling to dis
cover why. with a long list of competing
firms, who make this class of work a '
specialty. Director Burns should find it
necessary to Belect a i arpet-beater and '
an obscure grocer to do the work of
whitening and tinting; or why. as the
law requires, he did not post the propo
sitions at the headquarters of the de- j
partment and give the kalsominers of
the city an opportunity to bid on the
work. Another aspect of the case, which,
however, calls for no explanation, is the '
fact that the men employed by the ready
made whiteners were required to go
to the grocery of Mr. Donohue to get
their pay, or that they were paid a dol
lar and a half a day when the ruling
wage for competent men is three dollars.
Of course, the fact that the contract
whitener sells all kinds of groceries and
enthusiasm was like "the flowers that
bloom in the spring." but that is said to
be another story, which is not made plain
in the elusive contracts.
As to the quality of the work, there are
taxpayers who are inclined to be sarcas
TRACEY COMEs TO
BOX M'CONNELL
The Australian Welter-Weight Will
Train at Sausalito for the
Forthcoming Battle.
Tommy Tracey, who is matched to box
Frank McConnell in the gymnasium of
the Olympic Club on August 2, arrived on
last night's overland. He was met across
the bay by Al Smith, who is in charge of
his business interests, and by other sport
ing men.
This is not Tracey's first visit to the
coast. He arrived here in December, 1892,
from Australia, where he was born, and
was accompanied by his foster-brother,
Dan Creedon. He soon found something
for his hands to do, being matched
against Billy Gallagher, whom he de
feated. He returned again in October, 1898.
meeting George Green, who secured the
decision in a ten-round bout.
He is a more aggressive fighter than
McKepver. and is expected to give Mc-
Connell, the hard-hitting San Franciscan,
the warmest kind of an argument when
they meet. Tracey will train at Sausa
lito, under the watchful eyes of Teddy
Alexander. He will take up his quarters
across the bay on Monday, and will have
three weeks in which to prepare for the
meeting.
McConnell has hardly gone out of train-
Ing since his recent fight. He will con
tinue his practice at the San Francisco
Club rooms next week, and will then put
the finishing touches on his preparation
at Blanken's Six-Mile House. He will
have the benefit of Alex Greggains' ad
vice and handling, and expects to enter
the ring fit to fight for a kingdom.
Weary of Life.
George H. Sandy, a printer, about 74
years of age, living in the Colton House
at 220 Third street, committed suicide in
his room at an early hour yesterday
morning.
He left a number of papers, telling the
story of his struggles for a livelihood
after hand composition was displaced by
the type-setting inachine. He worked for
many years on the various daily news
papers and was recently employed at
Crocker's. In one of the papers he says:
"Constrained, checked, blocked in every
effort to earn my living honestly, I have
endured insults, sneers, humiliation, hun
ger, contempt and poverty until life has
lost Its charm and now is unen
durable. Therefore, seeing no way but
one to free myself from this unjust bur
den of wrongs which has been heaped
upon me by soulless men, I avail myself
of that and so end all my troubles here,
and, as I believe, hereafter."
He had three trunks in his room, which
he leaves to William M. Hinton, one of his
former employers, with the explanation
that their contents will be of more value
to him than any one else. The body will
be burled by the local Typographical
Union.
Alice Rix
Writes in Next- Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
■ ♦ ■
Sale of Bonds.
Yesterday was the last day for receiving
Fiibscrlptlons for the three per cent gov
ernment loans, at the Sub-Treasury, and
the subscriptions for bonds from $500 down
amounted to about one and a quarter mil
lion dollars. As previously announced As-
Bietant Treasurer Julius Jacobs refused
to receive any bid for larger bonds than
tic and remark that it must be excellent
and worth the money, because Director
Burns conducts a fruit store, and the
contractors are engaged in linos of busi
ness not connected with whitewashing.
Director Gallagher was not of this class,
but he was disagreeable enough to say
that the work was entirely unnecessary,
a fact which caused him to be dropped
from the visiting list of Mr. Burns.
The latter gentleman was much grieved
when the subject was brought before him
yesterday, and regretted deeply that
there should have been any dissension in
the board or any questioning of his mo
tives in his conduct of the work of the
Building Committee. He unconsciously
did a little whitewashing himself in the
matter of contractors, and was greatly
surprised to learn that Mr. Donohue,
whom he "knew by sight." was not a
whitewasher. but a plain, unassuming re
tailer of groceries, etc. Tie knew that
ivir. Conklin ran a carpet-beating con
cern, but that gentleman had "done the
same kind of work for the department
last year, and everything was satisfac
tory," so it ought to have been at this
time.
Mr. Burns was not disconcerted when
asked his reason for selecting men in
such diverse lines of business when
ih<"re were so many well-known and re
llahle firms in that line of industry. He
calmly called attention to the deadly pre
cedent that had been established last
year, and supplemented the statement
with the remark that he knew he was
getting good work.
"I am sorry," said he. "that such mat
ters have come up, for they are uncalled
for. So far as some of the work I had
planned to do is concerned, the Board of
Health will have to take things in band
and have the work performed or some
of the schools will necessarily he closed.
For instance, at the Irving School the
sewer that leads from the vaults is
broken, and the seepage is flowing out in
sufficient quantity to cause an epidemic.
In the Webster School the principal told
me that there had been no whitening or
Inside painting done there for eighteen
years, and one only needs to look at it
to believe the statement. I have been
conducting the affairs of the committee
as 1 would my own business, and I have
ordered nothing that was not required.
Of course I did not know that Conklin's
partner was a grocer, but I knew that
Conklin was a carpet-beater. My reason
for giving him the work was that he did
work for the board last year and it was j
entirely satisfactory. 1 can't be expected ]
to know every member of a firm I may
deal with and I do not know Conklin's j
reasons for taking Donohue into the con- i
tracts. Just the same, my work will I
bear the closest investigation. If the
board does not want to follow my sug
gestions as to needed improvements that
is their affair and I am not responsible.
It is very unpleasant to have matters
come up in this way when I am conscious
of having done no wrong. So far as Mr.
Gallagher's motives are concerned in
causing this scandal, he can explain them
in his own way. I have nothing to say."
"How about Director Drucker's change
of heart and his charge that you were
making a tool of him?" was asked.
"Well," said Mr. Burns, smilingly, as
he involuntarily kicked a fruit box, "he
had no call to do it. but I guess he
thought that would be the best possible
way to begin doing a litue preliminary
politics on his own hook. Maybe he con
cluded I was in his way and that would
be a popular move for him to make. Pos
sibly it was. Time will tell."
$500, well knowing that anything larger
would have no chance of being accepted
at Washington. The local treasurer has
been very careful to see tnat all of the
subscribers have been genuine, that is,
that no one person has been buying up
the smaller bonds under a number of
names. In order to secure more than con
templated by the Government when mak
ing this a "popular loan." So far as he
can learn the speculators have been kept
out of the field.
At the Postoffice the sales were some
what larger. Cashier O'Connor having re
ceived applications for over $50,000 worth
as follows: 34 at $20: 17 at $100; 14 at
5520; 6 at $1000; 2 at $500; 4 at $1500; 2 at
$10,000 and one at $240. Three heavier ap
plicants were referred to the Sub-Treas
ury.
TENNESSEE WILL DRILL.
Special Committees Appointed by the
Christian Endeavorers to Mako
the Arrangements.
The Golden Gate Union of the Christian
Endeavor Society held a large meeting at
the Young Men's Christian Association
building last Thursday evening and unan
imously decided to direct all their efforts
in the army work through the Christian
Commission for the future. A special
mass meeting of the Christian Commis
sion and all Young People's societies
will be held at the Association Audito
rium, Mason and streets, next Mon
day evening at 8 o'clock. Brief reports
of the work of the various departments
at Camp Merritt will be presented and
special committees appointed on the drill
to be given by the Tennessee Regiment
at Mechanics' Pavilion next Thursday
evening. E. P. Vining of the Market
street Railway has kindly offered to
transport the regiment from Camp Mer
ritt to the Pavilion and return free of
expense. There is every Indication of a
large attendance, as a demand for tick
ets has already been made.
The tickets are on sale at the Associa
tion building. Mason and Ellis streets.
The committee of arrangements is very
anxious a large number of children should
witness the drill, as this is a Southern
regiment, and tickets for children have
been placed at 10 cents; adults, 25 cents.
The chorus which Is to sing next Thurs
day evening at the Pavilion will meet for
rehearsal at the Association building next
Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock, and all
singers are invited to be present.
. Making False Returns.
A. J. Torres, a salesman employed in
the grocery department at the Empo
rium, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Special Officers Allen and Green and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of petty larceny. It is alleged that Tor
res was in the habit of making false re
turns of his sales, and a watch was kept
upon him. resulting in his detection yes
terday afternoon.
Failure to Provide.
Corinne Martin, who had Dr. W. H.
Forner arrested some weeks ago on a
charge of betrayal under promise of mar
riage, and subsequently refused to prose
cute him, after his wife and son came
here from Chicago, swore to a complaint
in Judge Megan's court yesterday for his
arrest on the charge of failure to pro
vide. She is now living at 622 Taylor
street.
Deadly Microbes in a Pinch of Dust
by
Dr. Pillsbury in Next Sunday's Call.
Professional Boxers Are Barred.
The Health and Police Committee of
the Supervisors has granted a permit to
the Hartford Athletic Association to give
a boxing exhibition some time during the
present month, with the understanding
that no professional boxers take part in
the entertainment.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1898.
OBJECTS TO RETIRING.
Lieutenant Colonel Louis T, Morris U. S. A., Whose
Heart Has Caused a Commotion in
Militaru Circles.
MAJOR WHITE
IS SUDDENLY
DISPLACED
No Longer on the Re
tiring Board.
SUCCEEDED BY ISAAC P. WARE
- • - ■"
HAS COLONEL MORRIS CAUSED
SOMETHING TO DROPP
Two Interesting Stories About Major
White's Connection With Gen
eral Kierritt's Staff and
the Retiring Board.
Information was received In San Fran
clso from Washington yesterday that
Major R. H. White, United States army
surgeon, had been removed from the re
tiring board and that Captain Isaac P.
Ware, assistant surgeon, had been ap
pointed in his place. This sudden and
unexpected action on the part of the War
Department no doubt will cause some
surprise as well as comment in local mili
tary circles, as the cause of this retire
ment is not generally known.
There is, however, an interesting story
quietly told in connection with this mat
ter. Major White, who was post surgeon
for some time prior to three months ago,
at the Presidio, was appointed assistant
to the chief surgeon of the Philippine ex
peditionary forces on Major General Mer
ritt'B staff, but when Lieutenant Colonel
Henry Lippincott was made chief sur
geon on the staff Major White, for some
reason, raised objection, bo the story
goes, as he did not wish to be subordinate
to Lippincott. Whether his objections
were owing to some personal reasons or
were caused by jealousy is not known to
those not fully conversant with the in
side secrets of the affair, but some few
people are inclined to ascribe his action
to the latter cause. However, the rela
tions between Major White and his su
periors became decidedly strained owing
to his conduct. __
And now. in connection with Major
White's sudden displacement from the re
tiring board, there comes another story,
equally interesting.
One day a few weeks ago Lieutenant
Colonel Louis T. Morris, commandant of
the Presidio, received a telegram from
•the War Department, notifying him to
appear before the retiring board. It was
as much a surprise to him as if one of
the ornamental shells along the Presidio
walks had exploded in front of him.
In due time the retiring board met, and
its sessions were decidedly warm at
times, being made so by the redhot shots
tired at Major White by Lieutenant Col
onel Morris, who believed that the sum
mons to appear for examination had been
instigated by White.
It is said that for a long time anything
but a friendly feeling has existed be
tween these two officers. It seems that
the heart of Lieutenant Colonel Morris is
not a perfect heart, although it is in the
right place, and very large. Physically
he has a defective heart, and he has
known it for years. It was probably
feared by Surgeon White that Morris
might drop dead on the field of battle.
Morris however, insisted that he might
as well fall dead there as anywhere else,
and that, in fact, he preferred to fall on
the held of battle rather than be lgno
mlnicusly pushed out of the service, so
long as he was entitled to remain. Lieu
tenant Colonel Morris did not hesitate to
boldly intimate that he was being made
the victim of some underhanded clique,
and he made pertinent inquiries of the
board, with a view of getting at the bot
tom of the mysterious affair, but without
gaining his object. His language was not
at all times clothed in the mildest terms,
but to show that he was not at all afraid
of the results he requested that all that
he said should be taken down in writing,
which was done. Colonel Morris not only
scored Major White before the board, but
has continued to do so at every oppor
tunity ever since its adjournment.
Meantime he has been acting on the de
fensive. He has laid the matter before
the proper authorities at Washington, and
has enlisted the influence of several prom
inent men in his behalf. The decision of
the board is still hanging fire. It may be
not at all improbable that Lieutenant
Colonel Morris has caused something to
drop. He is too gallant a. veteran to be
politely booted into retirement, and too
pugnacious to allow It without making a
most vigorous fight against it. He will not
reach the retiring age until 1904. He serv
ed throughout the Civil War, beginning
his active military career as a first lieu
tenant of the Nineteenth Infantry, and
rising to the rank of captain. He was
several times brevetted for gallant and
meritorious services on the field of battle
in the Atlanta campaign and during the
battle of Nashville. His highest brevet
rank was major. He was in the fipld with
the Army of the West, and participated
in the campaigns of ISG3-C4, and fought in
the battles of Hoover's Gap. McElmore's,
Chickamauga, Missionary Ridge, Buzzard
Roost, Dalton, Resaca, New Hope Chuch
Peach Tree Creek, Atlanta, Columbia,
Franklin and Nashville, and after the war
he served on the frontier against the
Cheyennes and Kiowas.
■ ♦ ■
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
A Sixty-Dog Stake and a Consolation
btake to Be Run Off This After
noon and To-3ttorrow.
Sixty dogs are entered for the open
stake to be run at Ingleside Coursing
Park this afternoon and to-morrow. Six
hundred and fifty dollars is the value of
the stake. It is apportioned: One hun
dred dollars to winner; $60 to runner-up;
two prizes of $40; four of $30; seven of
$2u, and fifteen of $10 each. There will
also be a consolation stake for which
there will be Jliaj added money.
At the conclusion of the draw an execu
tive session was held of the Interstate
Coursing Club. It was determined to as
sume all responsibilities of the meeting.
Corbett & Co. secured the long-odds book
privilege. The draw resulted as follows:
Deckelman & Panario's Glen Chloe vs. D.
Rooney's Lassie Hayes; G. H. Thomas' Lady
Belle vs. Lowe & Thompson's Victor; C. Sulli
van's Parnell vs. Kay & Trance's Trilby; L.
M. Klkus" Telephone Girl vs. J. Sheehan's Lass
o" Gowrie; Kay & Trance's Klllarney Lass vs.
P. Brophy's Benlcia: Kay & Trance's Cross
patch vs. J. I. O'Brien's Statesman; Deckel
man & Panario's Old Glory vs. William Gra
ham's Sunnvplde Maid; P. J. Buck's Little
Pete vs. 13. Shannon's Sprig o' the Hill; B.
Kaher's Belle of Moscow vs. Kay & Trance"s
Leonora; Napoleon Kennel's Fireball vs. F. D.
Black's Coralte: G. 11. Burfelnd's Royal Prize
vs. Kay & Trance's Eclipse; O'Connor Bros.'
Log Boy vs. James Burns' Clipper; Lynch &
Maher's Fairvlew vs. Handy & Smith's Ida;
Larkey & Rock's Minerva vs. A. Haigh's
H&dowlBt; S. Hanson's Our Climate vs. J.
Baddeley's Hohson; Lowe & Thompson's Hiph
Botß I^ady vs. p. O'Donnell's Counterfeit; J.
O. Dowd's Clifton Lass vs. Lynch & Maher's
Dakota; B. Shannon's Swlnnerton vs. Derby
Kennel's Mona: D. China's Happy Day vs. B.
Hooper's L. S. Conley; J. Dean's Gladiator vb.
J. O'Donnell's Las Palmas; Handy & Smith's
Persimmons vs. L. M. Elkus 1 Telephone Belle:
Kay & Trance's Masterpiece vs. F. Murphy's
Gilt Edge; Napoleon Kennel's Pacific Queen
vs. J. Farley's Tullamore; F. D. Black's Occi
dental vs. Dillon & Reilly's Queen Bee; W T
Pulllvan's Trlnk vs. J. Sheehan's Lady Jane;
J. Murnane's Valley Maid vs. Napoleon Ken
nel's Decorator; P. A. Gaffney's Sir John Ar
nntt vs. B. Shannon's Systematic; H. Webber's
Montana vs. Dillon & Reilly's Granuale; S.
Morgan's Flag vs. J. Dean's Mialmo; Larkey
& Rock's Myrtle.
In the Divorce Courts.
Gabrielle Weinbaeh has been granted a
divorce from Jules Weinbach on the
grounds of willful neglect and failure to
provide.
John B. Ingulia was ordered yesterday
by Judge Hebbard to pay his wife, Amelia
Inpulio, $15 a month alimony, pending the
hearing of an action for divorce recently
instituted by Mrs. Ingulia.
Lavinia Wettlpson has applied for a di
vorce from William Wettleson on the
ground of failure to provide.
The Almshouse Murder.
Henry Williams, the Almshouse mur
derer, was arraigned in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday. He was not represented
by counsel and appeared to take no Inter
est in the proceedings. The case was con
tinued for a week and meantime an in
quest on the body of Louis Perritt will be
held.
To-Day's News Letter
Is filled with interesting articles, local
hits, short comments, personal notes,
stories of prominent people, original
illustrations, full dramatic, social and
editorial matter, all making up a Sun
day magazine every page of which is
interesting, racy and instructive. Ten
certs, of all news dealers.
Declared an Open Thoroughfare.
City and County Attorney Cresweli has
filed a lengthy opinion with the Board of
Supervisors holding that Hyde street, be
tween Beach and Jefferson, is an open
public thoroughfore. A fence erected by
the new gas company that partly ob
structed the street will in consequence
be removed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft
A large photograph of the
Volunteers departing for Manila,
size 11x13, valued at one dollar,
given away with every purchase
one dollar and over. Be sure
and ask for same. S. N. WOOD
& CO., 718 Market st.
REAL VALUE
MUST APPEAR
Deeds, Etc., Not Valid
Unless True.
NOT WORTH THE RECORDING
STAMPS MUST BE AFFIXED FOB
THE FULL TAX.
Consideration Paid and Received for
the Property Must Be Truth
fully Stated in the
Papers.
Deeds, conveyances and other docu
ments relating to the transfer of real
estate are not worth the paper they are
written on unless the stamps required by
the war revenue act are affixed. Such is
the opinion of competent lawyers who
have looked into the matter, and they are
advising their clients not to neglect af
fixing the stamps and to state in such pa
pers the real consideration involved in the
transaction.
The only thing like an official opinion
that has yet been given in the matter is
an informal one by United States Attor
ney Henry S. Foote. It was in reply to a
query by C. P. Owen, Recorder of Santa
Clara County. Mr. Owen wired to Judge
Foote the following: "Consideration in a
deed $10; known value of property $5000.
Parties refuse to pay tax on value, claim
ing the law says 'consideration.' What
shall 1 do— refuse the document?"
Judge Foote replied by letter to the ef
fect that he was not authorized in his
official capacity to give opinions to other
than Federal officials, but he would say
unofficially, without hesitation, that the
amount of the stump to be afiixod on the
deed must be the real "consideration or
value" of the property conveyed, on the
basis of the law under the head of con
veyance. "As a matter of course, per
sons cannot convey property by putting
in a nominal consideration instead of the
real consideration or value," adds the
Judge. "1 cannot be your adviser as to
refusing the document or otherwise."
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch said:
"Under the war revenue act a man has no
more right to understate the value of the
property in a deed than he would have to
give a wrong statement as to proof
spirits. In all cases of violations of rev
enue the United States interprets the law
in its own favor. In other words, it gives
itself the benefit of the doubt."
A. M. Speck, real estate dealer, said that
not much complaint had been made by
clients on account of the stamp tax on
deeds, rent receipts and other documents
involving real estate. The owners of the
property furnish the stamps, except in
the case of leases, the stamps for which
are furnished half and half by the parties.
With regard to the custom of placing a
fictitious consideration in deeds. Air.
Speck said that he had been advised by
his attorney that such a proceeding ren
dered the deeds of no more account than
so much waste paper. He added that if a
litigant couW prove that the deed the
validity of which he might be contesting
was stamped at less than the tax on the
actual consideration he could have it
thrown out of court.
Section 6 of the act provides the penal
ties for a violation of the law, and is as
follows:
That if any person or persons shall make,
sign or Issue, or cause to be made, signed or
Issued, any instrument, document or paper of
any kind or description whatsoever, without
the same being dulystamped fordenotingthe tax
hereby imposed thereon, or without having there
upon "an adhesive stamp to denote said tax,
such person or persons shall be deemed guilty
of misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof
shall pay a fine of not more than JIOO. at the
discretion of the court, and such Instrument,
document or paper, as aforesaid, shall not be
competent evidence in any court.
Section 15 makes It unlawful to record
or register any document subject to the
tax without having been, properly
stamped. _ .
In schedule A It Is provided that
Conveyance, deed. Instrument or writing,
whereby any lands, tenements or other realty
gold shall be granted, assigned, transferred or
otherwise conveyed to or vested ir the pur
chaser or purchasers or any other person or
persons, by his, her or their direction, when
the consideration of value exceeds $100 and
doea not exceed $500, 50 cents, and for each
additional $500 or fractional part thereof in ex
cess of $500, 50 cents.
The Recorder said that he could find
nothing in the law to apply to him as
Recorder. The law deals with the par
ties between whom the deal is made, and
says the deed shall be rejected in court
if offered in evidence in any proceedings.
So far as the Recorder is concerned he
will record any and all deeds presented
to him. The law makes no mention of his
rejection of any document presented to
him for record.
There is no penalty attached to him
for making a record of any deed of con
veyance of real estate without a stamp
being on the document.
Henry Norman,
Special' Commissioner of the
London Chronicle,
Writes About the New America
In Next Sunday's Call.
This Week's Wasp.
The Wasp this ek is as handsome and as
Interesting a publication as has ever been issued
of that exceedingly clever journal. As the repre
sentative illustrated weekly of the Pacific
Coast the Wasp compares most favorably with
the leaaing Eastern publications. In this
week's issue are some dozen excellent half
tone engravings of the Im-rovea Order of Red
Men's Division, of the League of the Cross, the
military and other noticeable features of the
Fourth of July narade. There are also some
scenes taken in Manila on the day Dewey won
his memorable naval battle, and also several
taken in Honolulu on the occasion of the arri
val there of the first Philippine expedition. The
battalion drilling on the Presidio hills Is fully
illustrated Of the cartoon features, one de
nictln"- Uncle Sam In an effort to capture Ca
mara the Spanish .aval wlll-o'-the-wtsp, an
other' of Commodore Sampson celebrating the
Fourth and another representing the latest
•■lnfant Prodigy." Wasteful Willie, the corre
sDondent are particularly worthy of mention.
The usual number of well-written departments
erace the pages of the Wasp this week and all
In all tt Is a most excellent Issue.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *~_V ■'-'■':'- -'-'- -- 4
B—B— B— B— B— B— 3— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— A
I ; ... ■...-.• ■ ■ c i ■<; ■• I V
B B
a X m
B B
i j ;. • ■ "'-;: ■ ; )■• "I"
■n ■- vJ Q
Pi US/ i
I . .=== . v
i. To keep up the rush that is making our great sale of the ■
'l SIMINOFF Cloak Factory stock of Fire, Smoke and Water Damaged B
■■ CLOAKS, SUITS, SKIRTS, WAISTS and CLOAK and DRESS MA- B
■ TERIALS so tremendously successful, we close the week with T
a the following and numberless other s
? TRADE ■ COIPELLII BAR&AINS ! ;
======== .
I LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS! I
i i -<
a .A.t 95 Cents. □
! 1 LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined with per- J,
IH a. • caline and bound witn velvet, worth $1 50; sale price 95c each.
■ $1.25. f
m LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, in fancy checks, double lined and bound g
I with velvet, worth $2 50; sale price SI 25 each. |
: 7 Atsl.sO. 7
fl LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, double lined fl
| and bound with velvet, worth $2 50; sale price $1 50 each. |
7 $4.50. " °.
fl LADIES' MOIRE SILK DRESS SKIRTS, biadler stripes, double lined B
I"'" . and bound with velvet, worth $6 50; sale price $4 50 each. , j
a ■, ' . '"-]'— — . • □
I .A.t $6.00. . I-.
, ■ LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with silk B
I and bound with velvet, worth $10; sale price $6 each. I
I M . :;.■• a
i i $8.50, T •
H LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and ■
I" bound with velvet, worth $12 50;. sale price $8 50 each. I
I LADIES' SUITS 1
I LADIES' SUITS, in brown mixtures, fly-front jackets, lined with Bilk g
; H serge, skirts double lined and bound with velvet, worth $10; sale |
I price $5 each. n
g . • I
I \ $6.50. . . . fl '
0 LADIES' NAVY BLUE SERGE SUITS, fly-front jackets, bound with Q
I mohair braid and lined with 'silk serge, skirts double lined and bound I
; ■ with velvet, worth $12 50; . sale price $6 50 each. g
■ At $7.50. : a
I ' LADIES' BLACK SERGE SUITS, . fly-front jackets, lined . with silk I
j ■ serge, skirts lined with percallne and bound with velvet, worth $12 60; B
! I sale price $7 50 each. .' :-,r-: : - |
B .A-t $7.50.
|•> LADIES' BROWN CHEVIOT SUITS,, fly-front jackets, handsomely ■
B trimmed with braid and lined with silk serge, skirts double lined J
I and bound with velvet, worth $15; sale price $7 50 each. □
I LADIES' CAPES! I
a »• -A.t *f
I LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk, yokes trimmed with fl
Tlace, . necks finished with lace and silk, worth $7 50; sale price $4 I
'I each. h
1 JLt "s&bo. a
M LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, lined with taffeta silk, colors tan, navy, red |
„ and green, worth $10; sale price $5 each. m
t LADIES' SILK AND PERCALE 1
■ SHIRT WAISTS I ■
I At 75 Oents. I
T LADIES' FINE PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, made in ■
J. the latest styles, regular price $1 50 and $2; will be placed on sale "I •*
7 at 75c. . fl
i" At $4:00. ■
'■■ fl LADIES' FANCY PLAID SILK WAISTS," lined all through, regular I
I price $6 50; will be placed on sale at $4. fl
I I At $6.00. ■
■ LADIES' HANDSOME PLAID SILK WAISTS, tight lining, latest style I
A regular price $8 50; will be placed on sale at $6. ' ■
0 At"sabo. ■
I LADIES' HANDSOME BLACK SILK TAFFETA WAISTS, tucked ■
fl front, regular price $8 50; will be placed on sale at $6 j
* EXTRA • SPECIALS ! I
I CARRIAGE PARASOLS. I
1 At V\C "COLORED AND BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, value $1; fl
BAI £«7V close out at 25c. . . I
I RIBBONS. RIBBONS. 7
1 At Rr NO. 1 BABY RIBBON, assorted colors, plquot edge, value fl
■ Al OC 10c; will be closed out at 8c 7
I - ' m
■At Iflr Na 1 SATIN RIBBON, assorted colors, all silk, value 15c; 1
I A I IVW wUI be closed out at 10c. • . iL
jg ■
I ki'Y\C NO I%. SATIN RIBBON, assorted colors, all silk, value 25c; 1
B Al It/V . will be closed out at 15c. ; . .7
1 LADIES' METAL BELTS. 2
1 if $1 AA METAL BELTS, value $2; will be closed out at $L fl
B A» tpl«vv .<■->*■ I
I ■. -_ ■'■..;.:■•'■ • ■>"■■■" : • a
■ At $1 CA METAL BELTS, value $3; will be closed out at $1 50. S
H __^___— -
a if $2 00 METAL> BELTS, value $4; will be closed out at $2. ; D
a -' '■ ■ - - i'~- %vr— — ■ — ; n
II At $2 58 METAL BELTS, value $5; will be closed out at $2 50. ' I
r 7 • "' : ■ • t
■ STORE OPEN UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK SATURDAY EVENING. : °
■■ r '^ ==^ === - ■ • - ■
*[$($; Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / JJ
W-S(T : :' : : ' *^>'- San Francisco. £ " I *- v ,"
J. - _ _ . . ii