VOLUME LXXXIII.-KO. 106.
FORT McHENRY BALTIMORE, WHICH WILL BE THE HEADQUARTERS OF THE SEVENTH REGIMENT
OF ARTILLERY.
TALKING PEACE,
YET PREPARING
FOR COMING WAR
Mark Hanna Says He Is Not in
Favor of the Purchase of
Cuban Freedom From
the Spanish,
♦•' Call Office, Biggs House, ♦
+ "Washington, March 15. +
"♦" Notwithstanding all the
( "*" talk of "peaceful interven
*" tion" and the purchase of
Cuban independence by this
Government's guarantee of
[ Cuban bonds or by an inter- .
. national syndicate of capital-
. ists, the United States Govern-
* ment hurries forward its war- +
+ like preparations. +
At the same time a very percepti
ble change of sentiment and opinion
has been observed here for the past
day or two. There seems to be no
doubt whatever that the United
States and Spanish naval courts will
submit directly contrary reports to
their respective Governments, and
that President McKinley will make a
demand for indemnity. This demand
is just as sure to be resisted by the
Sagasta Government, for political
reasons, for a concession of the
amount demanded would mean the
certain overthrow of Sagasta and his
party by the Carlists or Spanish
"jingoes."
This demand for indemnity and its
refusal would mean a fight, if the
European powers would keep their
hands off, but there seems to be no
doubt whatever that certain of the Eu
ropean Govemnfents have represent
ed to this Government that their in
terests would be better subserved by
a peaceful solution of the difficulty.
This, of course, is only a diplo
matic way of uttering threats of Eu
ropean intervention. There is good
reason to believe that when Sir Ju
lian Paunceforte, the British Embas
sador, called on President McKinley
last week he made those representa
tions instead of proposing an "al
liance." Therefore, it is the general
belief among Congressmen that tne
outcome of the whole matter will be
this:
President McKinley will demand
indemnity based upon the report of
the American naval court, and Pre- j
mier Sagasta, in view of the report '■
of the Spanish court, as well as for
political reasons, will be bound to
refuse to pay. A conflict then seem- ]
ing to be imminent, the European j
powers will intervene and "interna
tional arbitration" will be the result.
This arbitration will be deliberate
and prolonged, as in the case of the
Geneva Arbitration Commission.
In the meanwhile President Mc-
Kinley will continue his efforts for a
peaceful solution of the trouble by
proposing to purchase the independ
ence of Cuba.
N"ow there is no doubt that a syn
dicate of American and foreign capi
talists is ready to make this propo
sition. Senator Mark Hanna, how
ever, denies, that he is in
any way connected with such
a scheme. He said to-night that
while he has heard of such a project
he is not one of its promoters. Sen
ator Hanna has all the time been op
posed to any purchase of Cuban free-^
The San Francisco Call
OUTBREAK IN
THE PHILIPPINES.
MANILA, March 15.— The Phil
ippine rebels surounded the ca
ble station at Bolinas on March
7 and forty-three Spanish sol
diers were killed. A steamer,
which was sent on March 8 to re
lieve the garrison, was obliged
to return, owing" to a renewal of
the fusillade. Four priests and
the garrisons of the neighboring
towns were massacred.
Bolinas was subsequently re
lieved by General Moret and 1000
men, who traveled overland and
fought five engagements. The
insurgent loss was heavy. On
the Spanish side one lieutenant
and one soldier were killed.
Three gunboats and one steamer
left Manila on March 10 for Bo
linas with troops and artillery,
rhe European cable operators
are safe.
The provinces of Tarlac, Pan
erasinat and Zambales are in
open rebellion, and it is feared
others will follow their lead. It
is reported that Aguinaldo and
other rebel leaders have landed
from Hongkong with 6000 troops.
Artillery has been sent to the
provinces within the last three
lays, and at Manila few troops
ire left. The situation through
rat is critical.
dom which would involve the in
dorsement of Cuban bonds or the su
pervision of her financial affairs by
this Government.
"While my name has been freely
used in connection with some such
scheme and in the general indorse
ment of some such idea," said he, to
night, "the fact is I am now and al
ways have been opposed to any such
solution of the complications over
Cuba. I am opposed to annexation,
for we neither need nor want the isl
and with its motley population. I
am opposed to this Government in
dorsing Cuba's bonds or being in any
way responsible for the conduct of
such Government as they might set
up there, because such a protector
ate — for it would be that — would be
a constant source of trouble to this
country.
"We ought to put an end to the
suffering of vie people who have been
crowded into the cities, and under
Blanco a way has been opened up for
that, but I would fight any proposi
tion for the purchase of the island
by this Government and any proposi
tion to aid the Cubans in making
that purchase themselves that, in
volves our being responsible for the
debts of their Government.
"I am not one of those who would
go so far as to advocate peace at any
price. But I do believe we can solve
the present difficulty honorably
. Continued on Second Par*. ..'. > J,
SA^N" FRANCISCO, W-KJJJN-KSJJAY, 31AKCM 16, 1»H».
THE PRESIDENT
HOPES TO AVOID
WAR WITH SPAIN
Pins His Faith Upon the Forma
tion of a Syndicate to Pur
chase the Freedom
of the Cubans.
NEW YORK. March 15.— The
Washington correspondent of
the Herald telegraphs. "I would
rather my administration should
be an Ignominious failure than
that it should be responsible for
an unholy war."
This was the declaration made
by President McKinley to-day
to an administration Senator
with whom he was discussing
the danger of conflict with
Soain.
This shows that the President, while
vigorously preparing for national de
fense and for the successful prosecution
of war, should it be thrust upon us,
still hopes for a solution of the
present troubles with Spain, and is
determined that if there is war it shall
be one that Spain is responsible for
bringing on. The President will main
tain the honor and dignity of the coun
try. He will insist upon reparation for
the Maine disaster and -he will take
steps to bring about the termination of
the Cuban insurrection.
His course will be such, however,
that if war results it will be war which
will not only meet the approval of the
people of the United States but one
which foreign nations and the calm
judgment of history will justify the ad
ministration in waging. The clamor of
jingoes will not influence the President,
and he will not be driven into plung
ing the country into an unjustifiable
war. Though public men do not share
his hope, the President is still hopeful
that the latest proposition for the pur
chase by the Cubans of their independ
ence from Fpain by the formation of a
great European and American syndi
cate to take the bonds of the new re
public may succeed.
I now have definite knowledge that
on Saturday last cablegrams were sent
from Washington by advocates of the
proposed syndicate to foreign financial
institutions and banking houses in
terested in Spain's debt, and to the
English Government with the end in
view of having strong pressure brought
to bear upon the Spanish Government
immediately after President McKinley
shall have submitted h.is demands to
Spain.
President McKinley hopes that if
these great financial interests and the
English Government then bring pres
sure to bear upon Spain, the Sagasta
Ministry will yield to the demands
made by the United States and war
will be avoided. The note which the
President will submit to Spain will be
drawn so as t» avoid as far as possible
the giving of offense to- that country.
The demand for reparation for the loss
of the Maine and for the death of her
officers and men will be straightfor
ward.
It is on the question of Cuban inde
pendence that the note will be concilia
tory in its terms. In his first commu
nication at least, the President will de
mand acknowledgment by Spain of the
independence of the republic of Cuba.
He will make the suggestion that Spain
enter into negotiations for allowing
Cubans to purchase their Independence
with the understanding that bonds will
be taken by a syndicate of bankers of
such standing as would assure Spain
the full purchase price. This would,
it is believed, be less offensive than
would a proposition to have Cuban
bonds guaranteed by the Government
of the United States. The Government
MILES WANTS PEACE.
WASHINGTON, March 15.—
General Nelson A. Miles spoke
at the annual banquet of the
Second Army Corps here to
night. He said in part:
"No nation has ever had so
much to say against war, against
the maintenance of a large army,
or against anything that might
lead us into open conflict. And
no nation had so much to say
in favor of peace and arbitra
tion. No people are so anxious
to maintain peace at home and
abroad as the American people.
We would not enter into any
conflict without just provocation
or a righteous cause. We are
slow to take up our arms, but
. when the time does come, I
trust we would not be found
slumbering. I hope there will
be no war. I, a soldier, trust
that if there Is war, there will
be no Bull Run to begin with,
but an Appomattox. We will be
prepared, so that the conflict will
be short, sharp and decisive."
of the United States would not figure
directly in any way with the negotia
tion that would be undertaken.
The President hopes that If the Gov
ernment of Spain Is urged by men who
hold their bonds and by the British
Government to accept these terms
when they are offered it will yield.
Among some of the members of the
President's Cabinet it Is believed that
he is more hopeful of the success of this
scheme than the situation seems to Jus
tify. While It Is recognized that finan
cial institutions which have been asked
to urge Spain to yield are powerful and
it is believed that the Sagasta Ministry
would be glad to accept almost any so
lution of the present difficulty that
might be suggested as an alternative
of war, it is doubted if any Ministry in
Spain could with safety to itself and to
the reigning house consent to any prop
osition looking to the giving up of Cuba
to the Insurgents. This leads up to
what has long been recognized as the
most dangerous phase of the situation.
The question is whether or not the
Sagasta Ministry could yield to the de
mand for reparation for the Maine and
entertain any proposition for the inde
pendence of Cuba without encouraging
revolution in Spain.
If brought face to face with the al
ternative of a foreign war or domestic
revolution in spite of bankruptcy and
pressure of bondholders arid in the face
of inevitable defeat the Spanish Gov
ernment might accc~ f such a conflict,
which would tend to unify the nation
and rally it to the support f the Minis
try rather than to the da. -er of a civil
war, which would endanger both the
Ministry and the throne and might re
sult in years of strife and dissension
among the Spanish people.
A few men in Congress share the op
timistic views of the President regard-
Ing the likelihood of Spain yielding to
the pressure of foreign Governments
and foreign capitalists who control her
debt, but the probability of war is not
lessened In the minds of the average
public men here. Even the discussion
in the Cabinet to-day showed that no
one there considered that thi element
of danger was eliminated. t
FLYING SQUADRON
MAY MENACE THE
COASTS OF SPAIN
The United States Will Retaliate if the
Spanish Torpedo Fleet Is Sent
Across the Atlantic.
There Are Growing Signs That the Great Powers
of Europe Will Interfere to Preserve the
Peace on This Side of the
Sea.
. NEW YORK, March 15.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: If the Spanish flotilla which
left Cadiz yesterday for the Canary
Islands proceeds to Porto Rico, as in
tended by the Madrid Government,
President McKinley will direct the for
mation of a flying squadron to make a
demonstration upon the Spanish coast.
The matter was seriously considered
to-day by the President and several of
his advisers, and while no final decision
was reached, it is generally understood
that orders for the organization of the
squadron will be issued immediately
upon the receipt of information showing
that the torpedo boat flotilla has left the
Canary Islands for Porto Rico waters.
It is not intended that the proposed
demonstration shall be hostile unless
war should be in progress, but it would
be a menace to the safety of Spanish
commerce and the Spanish coast, iust
as the dispatch of torpedo boat destroy
ers and torpedo boats to the West in
dies is regarded as a menace to Ameri
can shipping and the American coast.
There is no denying the fact that the
authorities have been very much exer
cised over the intention of the Spanish
to re-enforce their n ival squadron in
Cuban and Porto Rico waters by such
a formidable array of torpedo boats and
torpedo boat destroyers. Minister
Woodford and Lieutenant G. L.
Dyer, naval attache at Madrid,
have been closely watching the
movements of the flotilla, and
cablegrams received to-day from these
officials announce the departure from
Cadiz for Canary Islands of the boats
mentioned in the Herald this morning
and the impending departure of a sec
ond torpedo boat flotilla.
While the authorities are disinclined
to discuss the matter, there is reason to
believe a polite intimation has been
given to Spain that this Government
cannot look upon the orders to the tor
pedo boat flotilla which will require
NEWS OF THE DAT.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Light frost in the morning;
westerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 48 degrees
Portland 46 degrees
Los Angeles 58 degrees
San Diego 58 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Statesmen Talk of Peace.
President Hopes to Avoid "War.
Flying Squadron to Menace Spain.
SECOND PAGE.
Drill at Pry Tortugas.
Modern Prydoeks to Be Built.
Naval Court Quits Havana.
The Oregon's New Commander.
Berkeley Lecture on Torpedoes,
Adjournment Fata! to Hawaii.
Naval Officers Very Busy.
THIRD PAGE.
Fratricide Clark on Trial.
Loud Bill in Congress.
Nearly Wrecked by Waterspout
Sir Henry Bessemer Dead.
Reformers in Skaguay Town.
- The New York Breaking Up.
FOURTH PAGE.
Jim Rea Sued for Slander.
Warm Rain Is Needed.
California Appointments Considered.
Is Murderer McCarthy ImbeclloT
Irene Lynch Yet Missing.
FIFTH PAGE.
A. B. Spreckels Honored.
Tears Shed for Rosecrans.
. County Sealer Act Valid.
Oom Paul Defies England.
Gambling Goes at Sacrameirt%»
Mangled by a Leopard.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Cannot Sing the Old Songs.
The Purchased Cruisers.
The Ferry Depot Scandal.
British Friendliness.
Coinage and Currency. •
Mclntosh and Haymond.
War Contracts and the Pacific Coast.
A Sunspot Visible to the Eye.
Who Fears to Speak of '98?
Personals.
SEVENTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front.
San Francisco's Big Guns.
Employment Agency Frauds.
. Belasco to Marry His Pupil.
EIGHTH PAGE.
. Trouble Among Lawyers.
Jeffries in Condition.
. Strongly Favor the Exposition.
Sergeant Coogan Transferred
. From Hotel to Prison.
> De Wolf Hopper Divorce.
NINTH PAGE.
Tried to Hypnotize Hoff.
Anna Held to Arrive.
TENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay. x
Real Estate Changes.
TWELFTH PAGE. '^,
Racing at Emeryville.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Captain White Again in TroubU.
Fern" Depot Scandal Growing.
Footpads on Market Street.
Westphal and City Horses.
SPAIN WILL PAY,
BUT AMERICAN SHIPS
ARE MOST OFFENSIVE
NEW YORK, March 15.— The Herald's Washington corres
pondent sends the following: Spain has indicated her willingness
to make proper reparation for the Maine disaster if it is shown
that she is in any way responsible, but she considers that the
presence of American men-of-war in the vicinity of Cuba and the
recent war preparations by this country are an interference with
the success of the plan of autonomy inaugurated for the pacifica
tion of the island.
This, I am told, is the substance of what Minister Polo de
Bernabe, the Spanish Minister, told Assistant Secretary Day dur
ing two hours' conference with that official at the State Depart
ment this afternoon.
It was the first business conference that had taken place be
tween them since Senor Polo de Bernabe was formally presented
to. the President. Both parties are reticent, but admit that there
was an informal and general discussion of the Cuban question.
Reassurances were given on both sides as to an earnest desire for
a peaceful settlement of the troublesome question. Minister Polo
de Bernabe, I am told, expressed the view that the w r arlike atti
tude of this country would tend to hamper movements which are
soon to" be made and which, he contended, would have an im
portant bearing on the success of the autonomist plan of govern
ment.
In his opinion, the withdrawal of our fleet from the
neighborhood of Cuba and some declaration from the United States
that we had no purpose to interfere with elections that are soon
to take place, would bring a speedy end to the war.
I am not Informed as to what Assistant Secretary Day Bald in
reply to the Minister, but as it is known that officials have con
sidered the dispatch of the torpedo fleets to this country as a men
ace, it is highly probable that he said something about the war
like attitude of Spain.
them to proceed from the Canaries to
the American coast as a friendly act.
It was pointed out to me to-day by a
high official of the administration that
Spain has no need for torpedo boat de
stroyers in Cuban waters. The insur
gents have no navy,j and torpedo boats
cannot very well skim through the fast
nesses of the Cuban mountains search
ing for rebels. As a result of the con
sideration given to the matter by the
administration he said the conclusion
was forced upon it that the coming of
the torpedo boat destroyers was intend
ed as a menace to the policy of the
United States.
Officials are anxiously awaiting the
result of the intimation conveyed to the
Spanish Government indicating the de
sire of the President that the torpedo
boat flotilla should be retained at home.
Should Spain persist in sending the
boats to this side of the Atlantic the
President will direct the formation of. a
flying squadron immediately upon the
receipt of news of the departure of the
Spanish flotilla and will direct it to pro
ceed to Spain. This will be done in the
hope that Spain, for the protection of
her own coast, will withdraw the vessels
she intends to send to Porto Rico.
As the Herald has heretofore indi
cated, the squadron will consist of the
armored cruiser New York, which is
now on duty as the flagship of the
North Atlantic squadron; the armored
cruiser Brooklyn, which is coaling at
Newport News and will take station at
Hampton Roads; the commerce de
stroyers Minneapolis and Columbia,
placed in commission to-day at League
Island Navy Yard, and the auxiliary
cruisers St. Louis and St. Paul. It is
proposed by the officials to permit the
departure of the St. Louis to-morrow
from New York for the reason that she
has considerable perishable freight on
board, but she is expected to make all
speed on her voyage to Southampton
and to make ready to return without a
moment's delay upon the receipt of a
cablegram from this Government direct
ing that she hasten to the United States.
AUSTRIA AND GERMANY
BOTH DESIRE PEACE.
> -
NEW YORK, March 15. — A copyrighted London cablegram to
> the Evening Post says: The general English comment upon the
> Vienna news that Emperor Francis Joseph is leading a crusade
•> among the Continental powers in Spain's behalf is that this was
> only to be expected from the family ties, the Queen Regent being an
> Austrian archduchess, while religious ties all encourage Austrian
> sympathy with Spain. Moreover, there Is the Emperor's well
> known dread of the possible future consequence of American inter
> vention in European affairs. All that is known in well-informed
> quarters here suggests that both the Austrian and the German
> Emperors would go great lengths to prevent an outbreak of war
> between America and Spain.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The St. Paul, which is due at South
ampton to-morrow, is expected to start
on her return voyage to New York in a
few days, and she will probably be the
first vessel to be oonverted into an aux
iliary cruiser.
The conversion of the St. Louis will
take place on her return in case the war
cloud should hang lower than it does to
day and the torpedo boat flotilla should
have left the Canaries for Porto Rico.
The St. Louis and the St. Paul will be
especially valuable as auxiliaries to the
flying squadron because of their enor
mous coal capacity and the ease with
which the men-of-war will be able to
replenish their coal supplies from these
vessels. These two merchant vessels
will be able to store in their holds be
tween 8000 and 0000 tons. The maxi
mum coal capacity of the Brooklyn it
1753 tons, of the New York 129x1 tons,
of the Minneapolis and Columbia each
1670 tons. Such a squadron, it was
pointed out to me to-day, would be able
to hover about the Spanish coast a
couple of weeks before being compelled
to proceed to a coaling base.
Arrangements for the formation of
the flying squadron cannot be perfected
before the return of the St. Loqis. not
only on account of that vessel's absence
but on account of the lack of men for
the Minneapolis and Columbia.
I was informed to-day that the crews
of these cruisers were short 481 men,
and it is not expected that this number
will be obtained before two weeks. The
Brooklyn and New York are in all re
spects ready for duty and could start at
this moment for Spain if ordered to do
so by the President.
It developed to-day that the action of
the authorities in ordering the Oregon
to proceed to Key West was due to
the President's desire to have on the
North Atlantic a fleet which would be
superior to any Spain might send to
Cuba. It is known by the officials that
the aimored cruisers Vizcaya and
Oqnendo, now in Havana harbor, will
be joined in a couple of weeks by '.he
bc.ttlesh.ip Pelayo, the Christobal Colon,2
WHERE SICARD'S
WHITE SQUADRON
AWAITS ACTION
Graphic Pen Picture of the Ancient
Fort at Tortugas and Battle
ships That Equal Any
Vessels Afloat.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST. March 15.— Upon the island of Tortugas rests the ma
jestic ruin of that $14,000,000 fortress which was built during the days
when Jefferson Davis was Secretary of War. Utter desolation is there
now Sea gulls screech drearily over the grass-grown parapets, ana
lizards bask on disused guns and their time-worn carriages From the
inner side of the fort a few cocoanut trees nod greeting with their dis
reputable tags of leaves. Mounds of round shot as obselete as the fort
itself show here and there about the parade ground, and long rows of
these metal globules of the vanished age of warfare show where walks
were once intended to exist. I have been told that there is a warm dis
cussion as to whether the place is worth fortifying or not, the army,
navy and engineer corps all holding different opinions about the
The navy with the fine blue water, deep sea and confidence in itself,
thinks Tortugas a good place for a coaling station, but is not enthu
siastic about it in other respects. The army looks at the place askance
for reasons best known to itself, the principal one of which. Perhaps,
is that several companies with their attendant officers and families
might be exiled there were the place a command as a regular army
is well defended now, but it is not likely that its de
fenders would remain long in that locality should hostilities break out.
Anchored off the fortress and lying deep in the water like tigers
crouching for a spring are the three battle-ships which America is
willing to match against any other of their type afloat. There is the
superb Indiana, with her splendid battery of four 13-Inch and eight B
inch rifles, and lying near her is her sister ship, the Massachusetts.
Not far away is anchored the battle-ship Texas. Captain John W.
Philip commanding. These vessels have warlike maneuvers and exer
cises every day, and if any enemy ever catches them napping, such
enemy will be extraordinarily lucky. Every day the crews are drilled
at heavy guns, and gun crews are constantly being practiced at tar
gets. To keep the crews alert of nights a steam launch painted bottle
green is sent out to make a sham torpedo attack on any or all of the
ships. Her crew is urged to range within striking distance of their
friends, the enemy, without being discovered by the flashing search
lights. ' First one is successful and then the other.
The men in the improvised torpedo launch have high confidence In
their method of warfare, and are taught to believe that a ship caught
at anchor by a torpedo-boat is destroyed. On the other hand, the gun
captains have been brought up to the conviction that any torpedo-boat
makinc- a dash at a battle-ship, whether at anchor or not, is a torpedo
boat destroyed. And it is as It should be. The men of the fleet have
no recreation just now. With them it is drill every day, with talk of
war and prize money between times. And prepared for war this fleet
undoubtedly is. From commander to messenger boy, every one at
tached to any ship of the fleet knows Just what Is expected of him, and
this double drill to which every one is being subjected produces no
murmurs anywhere.
ihc Infanta Maria Teresa, the Carlos V
And Alfonso XIII.
In case the torpedo flotilla should
proceed to Porto Rico from the Canary
Islands it will be necessary, to form the
proposed flying squadron, to detach
from Rear-Admiral Sicard's command
the cruisers Brooklyn and New York.
This would leave him only the lowa,
Indiana and Massachusetts, the second
class battleship Texas and the monitor
Puritan, which will in all probability be
ordered to Key West from Hampton
Roads.
Spain would thus be the superior of
the American squadron by one armored
cruiser and a protected cruiser of 5000
tons' displacement, which is almost as
good as an armored cruiser, but could
be taken care of by the protected cruiser
Newark, whose repairs are being has
tened at Norfolk Navy Yard.
It is true that four battle-ships, re
enforced by the monitor, would be
more than a match for the second class
battle-ship Pelayo and the armored
cruisers of Spain, but the authorities de
sire to make the superiority so over
whelming there will be no chance for
Spanish success, and therefore want the
Oregon to proceed to Key West as
quickly as possibly. It was authorita
tively announced a few days ago that
the Oregon would go to Callao, where
she would be in a central position for
work against the Philippines or in the
Gulf. In view of the fact that Commo
dore Dewey's force in Asiatic waters is
ample for the capture of the Philippines,
according to the latest estimate of the
officials, it is proposed that the Oregon
shall not stop at Callao, but shall pro
ceed as quickly as possible around the
Horn and up the Atlantic, coast of
South America to Key West.
The Oregon has a 15,000 mile voyage
ahead of her, and it is expected she will
not arrive at Key West before the mid
dle of May.
Should hostilities have commenced by
that time she will undoubtedly be a
most desirable re-enforcement for the-
North Atlantic squadron. So far as the
Pacific Slope is concerned the officials
pooh-pooh the notion that there is dan
ger. It is pointed out that the Spanish
cruisers will be unable to secure coal
except to take them to the nearest
Spanish port, and even if one did apnear
off San Francisco the Charleston, Phil
adelphia and Monterey would be able
to take care of her.
TO SUPPLEMENT THF
COAST DEFENSES.
Plans Submitted to the War Depart
ment for Equipping Launches
With Torpedoes.
WASHINGTON, March 15.—Lieuten
ant Very, the representative of the
Howell Torpedo Company, has submit
ted to the War Department a proposi
tion to supplement the defenses of the
larger coast ports, such as New York
and Boston, by equipping a number of
light draught steam launches with tor
pedo outfits. He urges that by the full
use of this means of defense the har
bors may be kept open for commerce
up to the last moment, which would
not be the case were reliance placed on
the ordinary fixed mine and torpedo.
These torpedoes have a range of about
two miles, and start off at a speed of
thirty knots. If the boats from which
they are discharged are properly shel
tered, as proposed by Lieutenant Very,
it is believed they would be valuable
adjuncts to the steamers' defense. The
Government, however, has heretofore
regarded automobile torpedoes as
proper instruments for naval use, and
Is scarcely disposed to change policies
at this date.
To Cure a Cold in One^ Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund tb<> money If It falls to cure.
25c. The genuln- has L. B. Q. on cart* tablet.
FIVE MODERN
DRYDOCKS
Their Construction Agreed
Upon by the House Na-
val Committee.
To Be Located at Portsmouth,
Boston, League Island, Al
giers and. Mare Island.
It Is Expected That an Increase- Will
Be Made in Warships and Na
val Personnel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 15.
The construction of five modern dry
i docks was agreed on to-day by the
House Committee on Naval Affairs.
They are to be located at Portsmouth,
i N. H., Boßton, Mass., League Island,
< near Philadelphia, Algiers, La., and
I Mare Island, Cal. These docks are to
] be of wood, except those at Algiers and
i Portsmouth.
The material for the construction of
I these will not be determined upon until
i to-morrow. The indications are that
j the dock at Portsmouth will be built of
: stone from near-by quarries and that
iat Algiers of steel. The decision of the
committee was the outcome of a pro
tracted and at times animated discus
sion. The final vote choosing the points
I named was seven to three. The oppo
! nentsnents of the project first contend
ed against their construction on gene
ral principles, and then separately op
posed the sites that were selected.
They argued that the docks should be
located either where the approaches or
depth of water were sufficient to ad
mit the Ingress and egress of the larg
est battleships, or where steps have al
ready been made under Government di
rection to put the approaches in a state
of preparation to receive the largest
vessels of both depth and width of
channnel, or that the work on the chan
nel should be undertaken contempora
neously with the drydocks.
It was agreed, however, that the
docks erected should be made capable
of accommodating the largest class of
warships.
The principal reason for the conclu
sion to build of wood was economy, but
it was stated that docks so constructed
might remain in good condition long
enough for all practical purposes, and
that by the time their usefulness
ceased developments in the structural
field or a change in the character of
the present dock ideas might arise. A
motion to vote on the docks separately
was voted dQwn — 6 to s—and5 — and then they
were voted on as a whole and author
ized.
There is a strong disposition in the
committee to increase the navy, in ad
dition to the three battle-ships recently
authorized, by the construction of some
smaller vessels of war.
It was stated to-night that the com
mittee may authorize the building of
ten torpedo boat destroyers, costing in
the neighborhood of $1,500,000 for all. A
movement for this increase will be
made to-morrow and Representative
Bull of Rhode Island will submit a mo
tion calling for the construction of a
number of both of these .classes of
boats, probably six. Others of the com
mittee are favorable to the increase
and some important action Is looked
for. The increases in the personnel
asked for by Secretary Long will be
taken up to-morrow.
Deserted From Warships.
MADRID, March 15.— A dispatch to the
Imparcial from IJsbon says that a score
of sailors deserted from the United States
warships while they were there. The dis
patch adds that the deserters are nearly
all Spaniards.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898.
NATAL COURT
QUITS HAVANA
Return of Investigators to
Key West on the
Mangrove.
It Would Seem That the Work
of the Officers Is Nearly
Completed.
Sittings Will Probably Be Held on
Eoard the Big Battle-Ship
lowa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, March 15.— The Mangrove,
with the court of inquiry on board,
sailed to-night for Key West. Captain
Sampson, president of the board, as
sured correspondents that the decision !
to leave Havana was not reached until j
this afternoon, after a consultation of j
the members. It was decided that, j
while further testimony might be ob- I
tamed here, this was not sufficiently i
likely to justify a longer stay. The :
court can return if the divers or wreck- |
ers make discoveries that add to the !
knowledge now gathered. The plans of j
the submerged wreck, in the prepara
tion of which Ensign Powelson has had j
a large share, are very elaborate, and
Captain Sampson says the testimony
and records of the divers are very full. J
Captain Sampson hopes the court will j
be allowed to resume its sittings on the J
battle-ship lowa, now near Key West j
with the New York. All the officers of
the court except audge-Advocate Ma- !
rix are stationed on the lowa or the i
New York, and on the former the court
could be absolutely free from interrup
tion The greater part of the investiga- !
tion that remains will cc-nsist, unless
the court returns here, of a careful ;
study of the plans. It is not thought
that it will be necessary again to sum- j
mon the survivors of the Maine, offl- ;
eers or men, now at Key West, or scat
tared throughout the fleet. Captain ;
| Sampson said, however, that any such ;
I wc-uld be summoned if the revision of |
the testimony showed missing links in
the chain that they could supply.
The court has no prophecy to make ;
as to the further duration of Its sit- ;
tings or as to when or where the find
inga will be promulgated. Captain j
Sigsbee will probably remain here with |
Lieutenant-Commander Wainwright to i
superintend the wrecking on behalf of
the Government.
Chaplain Chidwick Is expected to re
main to care for any bodies that may
be recovered. At least, no orders had
been received to the contrary when this ;
dispatch was sent.
The court called upon Consul-Genera 1
Lee this afternoon to bid him farewell
I and subsequently Captain Sigsbee said
adieu to the court.
TALKING PEACE,
YET PREPARING
FOR COMING WAR
Contlnued from First Page.
without war. Are we not doing our
full duty from the standpoint of hu
manity if we alleviate the suffering
of the women and children whose
condition, brought about by the
methods of Weyler, has attracted the
attention of the entire civilized
world P We can do that without in
terfering with Spain's rights. We
are doing it now and we can con
tinue to do it. Better spend a million
dollars in relieving that suffering
than bring on a war that would cost
thousands of millions.
"I do not believe public sentiment :
of this country calls for war. The j
newspapers are largely responsible
for the war excitement. The conser
vative men of the country West and
South as well as East realize what
war would mean to this country and I
hope to see it averted. They believe,
without regard to party, that the
President can be trusted to solve the
difficulties in a way that will not de
base the honor of the nation, and
that he will do it without recourse to
war. Yes, the great majority of the
people are against war, no matter
what may be the representations of
the newspapers to the contrary."
Speaking of the Muine incident, he
said: "We have had no report on
that yet; we do not know what that
report will be when it comes. We
may never know what was the direct
cause of the disaster. If it is at all
uncertain we should give the Spanish
Government the benefit of the doubt.
Our navy and our country can afford
to do that. This nation is big
enough and broad enough to take a
big and broad view of that affair.- I
hope the officers of our navy will look
at the matter in that light and I be
lieve they will. Nobody believes the
Spanish Government authorized the
destruction of the ship. If Spain is
technically responsible because of its
being the .act of some of her people,
she will doubtless make any repar
ation that is just. As sensible people
we must not lose sight of the fact
that Europe is armed to the teeth
and that whatever we do in respect to
Cuba should have the moral support
of Europe.
"As long as we keep strictly with
in the bounds of right and justice,
we will have such support. We can
relieve the suffering in Cuba and use
our friendly offices toward bringing
out peace and retain the support of
the world; we should do nothing to
forfeit that support Not, however,
through any fear of the conse
quences of war, but because a nation,
as an individual, should strive to
ever have right on its side."
National System of Quarantine.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— After the]
passage to-day of numerous bills from
the general calendar the Senate b»?,'an
the consideration of a measure providing
for a national system of luarantine. Li*- I
tie beyond the reading of the bill wai ac
complished.
CAPTAIN CLARK
GETS ORDERS
Will Come toThis City and
Take Command of
the Oregon.
Lieutenant Fechteier Left Tem
porarily in Charge of the
Monterey.
Lieutenant- Commander Adams De
clared to Have Been Olten
Under "The Influence."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, March 15.— Captain
Charles E. Clark, commanding the
United States coast defender Monte
rey, this morning received orders to
proceed at once to San Francisco to
assume command of the battleship
Oregon, which is under orders to cruise
to Central and South America. Cap
tain Clark, it was said by his officers,
was greatly surprised at the receipt of
his orders, but was of course gratified
with the mark of confidence shown.
He will leavcto -morrow for San Fran
cisco to take command of the great
ship, leaving Lieutenant Commander
A. F. Fechteier in command of the
Monterey until a new commander is
assigned to her.
Captain McCormick of the Oregon is
to be ordered East on ordnance duty.
Captain Clark was the senior captain
in this harbor and that honor will now
fall upon Captain Whiting of the Mbn
adnock.
Naval officers had much to gossip
about to-day. The first was the order
detaching Captain Clark from the
Monterey, and the second item of news
was the reprimand received from the j
Secretary of the N vy hauling the i
Adams court martial over the coals for
its verdict.
Lieutenant-Commamler Adams of the
Monterey was charged with intoxica
tion and conduct unbecoming an officer, !
and a court martial lasting two weeks
WM held on the Monadnock in this
port. The utmost secrecy was observed ;
and the verdict sent to Washington. It i
now appears that the fellow officers of :
Adams were entirely too lenient with
him, according to the Secretary's ideas, j
and he says so.
"Don's quote me," said an officer or
the Monadnock to-day, "but you can
Just say that Secretary Long is right. |
This is not the first or the second of- \
fense of Lieutenant - Commander j
Adams. He was drunk at San Fran-
Cisco, and has been drunk here. On
one occasion he was in command of the
Monterey when he was drunk, and
greeted Captain Clark on the latters
return to the ship in such a condition
that Captain Clark was very properly
chagrined. In times like these we be- i
lieve it is right that the Secretary
Should make every man toe the mark
who has in his hands the lives _ of j
others and the honor of the nation."
Similar comment was made by one
or two other officers, while others pooh- ■
pooed the idea that Lieutenant-Com
mander Adams w b anything more j
than pleasantly c Mlarated on the oc
casion mentioned. Several of the crew
! who are known t< be relable and sober '
I men declare that they have seen Lieu
tenant-Commander Adams under the
influence of liquor when in full and
absolute command of the Monterey.
Oregon Ordered to Key West.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— The re
port was circulated to-night that the
United States had finally concluded its
negotiations for the purchase from
Chile of the OHiggins. The report
could not be confirmed, but there is
good reason to believe that while the
purchase has not been actually made,
the negotiations are in a fair way to
be concluded by the payment of a sum
considerable in excess of former calcu
lations.
DOES NOT CAUSE
MUCH CONCERN.
Reported Intention of European Gov
ernments to Intervene Not
Given Any Credence.
WASHINGTON. March 15. — Not
much concern is expressed by officers i
of the administration over the reported
intention of European Governments at
the instigation of Austria, to intervene
between the United States and Spain
in the settlement of the questions now
pending between them. So far it has
been stated that this has taken no of
ficial shape, or at least no Indication
of such design has reached the State
Department. What the attitude of our
Government would be if representa
tions in that line were addressed to it
by European powers was a question that
the officials actually do not care to
answer in anticipation. The sugges
tion that the Spanish Government has
protested against the sale by Brazil of
the two cruisers to the United States
likewise fails to cause any feeling of
concern, the naval officers holding that
there can be no question of the right of
the United States to increase its navy.
Senator Proctor called at the State
Department about noon to-day and
spent some time in conference with As
sistant Secretary Day. He appeared
to be deeply concerned over the sad
death of Mrs. Thurston. The President
and the Secretary of State have united
lin Bending to Senator Thurston,
through United States Consul General
Lee, condolence on the sad event.
CABINET MEN IN
A WAITING MOOD.
While the Report of the Court of In
quiry Is Forthcoming National
Defense Is Considered.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— "The
general expectation of the members of
the Cabinet." said one of them after the
meeting to-day, "is that some report
will be received during the present
week from the Court of Inquiry exam
ining into the cause of the Maine ex
plosion, yet," he added, "It would not
be surprising to us If the report should
be delayed for a longer time. We have
nothing on which to base this hope that
I know of, only the feeling seems gen
eral that what I have said will be the
case. There is nothing at hand as yet
to indicate what will be the nature of
the findings of the court.
"To-day our time was occupied in a
discussion of the measures under way
for the national defense and the acqui
sition of new war vessels. We are keep
ing an eye on the two ships under con
struction for Chile and Argentina, but
it is not probable we can get them. If
we cannot obtain the ships. It is a
source of satisfaction to know that
Spain will not be able to purchase them
I either."
i QUEEN BTOWN — Arrived — Teutonic, New
J York for Liverpool.
AN OUTSIDE
EXPLOSION
Opinion of a Torpedo Ex
pert on the Maine
Disaster.
Lieutenant Wilcox Says Spain
Has Tried to Secure Uncle
Sam's Secrets.
Declares the Government Has Known
From the Start That a Mine
Destroyed the Ship.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERKELEY, March 15.— "The battle-
Bhlp Maine was undoubtedly blown up
by external forces, and the Government
must be aware that such Is the case,
or they would not have made such
preparations for war as they have
made," declared Lieutenant P. A. Wll
cox, U. S. A., honor graduate of the
United States Torpedo School, In a lec
ture to the senior students at the uni
versity this afternoon on "Late De
velopments In Torpedo Warfare."
Lieutenant "Wilcnx devoted especial
attention to the subject of submarine
mines, and referred at length to the
destruction of the Maine.
"It is quite possible," he said, "that
the Maine was blown up by a buoyant
mine towed secretly near the warship
by a small boat. Such a mine could
have easily been towed out and an- .
chored about a hundred feet in front of
the vessel. Then when she swung
round with the tide the mine would be
automatically exploded.
"An interior explosion would have
produced a tearing, shattering and pul
verizing effect. As a matter of fact,
however, the ruin caused was of a mas
sive nature, just such as would have
been caused by an external submarine
explosion, where the great damage is
caused not so much by the direct effect
of the explosive as by the terrific hy
draulic effect which a submarine ex
plosion causes. The water being abso
lutely Incompressible the explosion gen
erates an immense quantity of gas, and
this is what causes the massive de
struction such as was wrought in the
Maine."
Lieutenant Wilcox related an inci
dent which occurred recently at the
torpedo school, which indicates that for
some time past Spain has been inter
ested in the study of torpedoes. "Last
fall," he said, "a couple of Spanish offi
cers visited the torpedo school and en
deavored* to obtain certain Information
in regard to the secret processes em
ployed by the Government.
"The modern system that we have
adopted in this country is far ahead of
that employed by any European na
tion, and it is known that Spain has re
cently been trying very hard to find out
something about it. In view of recent
occurrences it is an interesting con
jecture whether the Spanish officers did
not have some reason in visiting the
torpedo school."
Lieutenant Wilco-x gave a historical
account of the use of submarine mines
in warfare, tracing their evolution
from the "fire ship" of antiquity and re
counting the destruction that they ef-
f ected during the civil war, especially
upon the Union vessels, as the Confed
erates paid particular attention to this
branch of warfare on account of their
naval weakness. He declared that the
system that has been adopted by the
I United States is perfected to a wonder
! ful degree, and that it furnishes an cx
i ample of the nice accuracy with which
! mathematical problems can be worked
out.
"The problem of an Ideal buoyant
j mine is to get something that shall be
I absolutely safe to our own vessels and
absolutely destructive to the vessels of
an enemy. In our system this problem
has been solved. Usually about twen
ty-one torpedc-es are placed in a group
and an electric circuit of high resist
| ance connects them with a station on
| the shore. This furnishes a complete
indication of the condition of each
mine. This current can be so con
trolled that when the torpedo is struck
by a ship, the high resistance is cut out
and the firing battery is discharged. If
friendly ships are in the neighborhood,
! however, the firing current can be
i thrown off by the operator so that there
is absolutely no danger."
JINGO STATESMEN
ANXIOUS TO TALK.
Chandler and Tillman Try to Rush
Through a Demand for
Information.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— There was
a veritable monkey and parrot time in
the Senate Committee on Naval Af
fairs to-day when Senators Chandler
and Tillman tried to force through a
resolution of inquiry into the Maine
disaster. These two Senators made hot
speeches, alleging that there seemed
to be no necessity for any further de
delay, and that the President should
transmit to Congress the information
generally believed to have been sent
him by members of the naval court.
The committee did not adopt the sug
gestions of this pair of jingo states
men. They are resolved, however, to
air their views on the Senate floor, and
it is known that Senator Lodge of
Massachusetts has announced his in
tention of introducing a resolution to
morrow or Thursday calling upon the
President to transmit for the informa
tion of the Senate such facts as he
may have in his possession. This reso
lution, while offering an opportunity
for Senators Lodge, Chandler and Till
man to make jingo speeches, will be
referred to the Naval Affairs Commit
tee, where it will be promptly pigeon
holed, because a majority of the com
mittee are of the opinion that the pre
mature publication of such informa
tion as the President may have would
be "incompatible with the public serv
ice."
ONE THOUSAND VESSELS
ARE NOW AVAILABLE
So the Special Board Finds Plenty of
Material for an Auxiliary
Navy.
NEW YORK, March 15.— The special
board on auxiliary cruisers continued
to-day the work of ascertaining the
facts in regard to vessels which may
be available for use by the Navy De
partment. To-morrow the work of in
spection will be subdivided, one mem
ber going to Boston and another to
Philadelphia and Baltimore.
The list of vessels available, includ
ing steamships, yachts, tugs and other
craft, includes nearly 1000. The great
majority of the vessels are at New
York, Boston, Philadelphia and Balti
more, where they will be inspected
and the lists sifted down to those
worth considering.
SEEK EARLY
ADJOURNMENT
OF CONGRESS
Statesmen Plan to Postpone Ha
waiian Annexation and Leave
the Cuban Question in the
President's Hands.
BOSTON, March 15.— A Washington special says that the early ad
journment scheme, which it is admitted is a plan of the powers that be
and which will in all probability be consummated, will mean the sure
death of Hawaiian annexation. The Speaker of the House and the
McKlnley administration are the two forces working earnestly to se
cure an early adjournment of Congress. The programme of the Re
publican leaders is to get Congress out of the way and to leave the
vexed Cuban question wholly in the hands of the President.
A few Senators resent this attempt as arbitrary interference with
their prerogatives, and hold that Congress has some rights which must
be respected, but most Senators think an adjournment under all
circumstances the correct thing. As a rule the Democrats are inclined
to favor an early adjournment. They realize that the Cuban issue be
longs to the Republican administration and whatever popular approval
is to come from it next year will accrue to the Republicans, whether
Congress is in session or not.
The administration now has $50,000,000 at its disposal, and the Presi
dent is endowed by constitutional authority with all the p>wer neces
sary to conduct diplomatic negotiations or to assume a belligerent at
titude Moreover, it would be a very simple matter to call Congress
in session if necessary, and it is the consensus of conservative opinion
that it would be just as well for the administration to handle the great
problem undisturbed. So far as legislative business is concerned things
were never in better shape for an early adjournment. The House is al
most through and while the work of the Senate is not quite so far ad
vanced it too could doubtless get ready, in a short time. Outside of
the appropriation bills it Is not thought best to attempt much legisla
tion, and many party leaders would be glad of an excuse for doing
nOt The greatest hitch In the early adjournment programme comes
over the annexation question. Even the President must realize that a
joint resolution of annexation will take time in the Senate and that a
too active movement for an early adjournment Is equivalent toa death
warrant for that project. Of course it would be explained that the
question was only postponed till next session, but this is obviously one
of the projects for which delays are very dangerous. In more ways
than one Cuba is heading off Hawaii, and it may become a question a
little later whether the administration will prefer to have Congress re
main here for the purpose of considering Hawaii or be left free to
proceed with its own management of the Cuban situation and let Ha
waii go over.
BUSY TIMES
AT BUREAUS
Great Activity Continues
in the War and Navy
Departments.
Owing to the Big Appropriation
Provisional Contracts Can
Now Be Rushed.
Cruiser San Francisco Will Convoy
the Amazonas Over From the
Tyno.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, March 15.
This was another busy day in the
War and Navy Departments. Secre
tary Alger was enabled to make an al
lotment of funds from the appropria
tion of the $50,000,000, which will great
ly facilitate the work of the bureaus.
These bureaus had not been able to
conclude any contracts for the procure
ment of warship supplies, because no
allotment had been made, but this af
ternoon the ordnance bureau was given
two and a half million dollars, and
business went forward with a rush. It
is true that this sum is already mort
gaged under provisional arrangements
made during the past week, but with
the assurance of more funds to come,
the work of the bureau is now moving
rapidly.
Secretary Long was exceedingly busy
to-day, having not only to give a good
deal of time to the Cabinet, to which
he was obliged to return twice, but
also being obliged to see a great many
persons with whom the department
has, or expects to have contract rela
tions. Among the latter was Mr. Her
reshoff, the torpedo boat builder from
Bristol, R. I.
He turned two of these boats over to
the department a few days ago and
the Secretary's purpose in consulting
him was to learn how much he could
hasten the work on one of the boats
remaining in his hands, which, in or
dinary times, would require about two
months to complete.
The Secretary also spent a good deal
of time at intervals during the day in
consulting over the long-distance tele
phone with naval officers in New York,
and it is believed much of this con
sultation concerned the procurement of
suitable vessels from among the aux
iliary navy for war purposes.
Mr. Malster of the Columbian Iron
Works at Baltimore has notified the
department that he will be able to turn
over the torpedo-boat Rodgers next
Saturday. The Rodgers is a boat
which smashed her engines in the
midst of a trial trip about six months
ago. It was necessary to replace the
engines, but under the hurry orders
from the Navy Department this has
been done in good time. It Is expected
that the boat will be taken at once
from Baltimore to Norfolk.
The department has no disposition to
waste time at this juncture in making
trial trips, but knowing the boat to be
of satisfactory type, like her sister
boat, the Winslow, and of good work
manship, according to the naval in
spectors' reports, she will tie accepted
out of hand, as were the Gwyn and
Talbot last week.
The new cruiser Amazonas, according
to the present plans, will be manned
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In the Spring
1 Was Weak and Miserable
and began taking Hood's Sarsaparilla,
and I noticed improvement in health in
a very few days. I have tried other
kinds, but none give the good results
that follow the use of Hood's Sarsa-
parilla."— Mrs. Jennie E. Ward, Napa,
California.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six
for $6. Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co.
Lowell, Mass.
Hajml'c DJIIc l&8yl &8y to take - eas y to
IlOOu S ! lllS £ uy> ea£) y to operate.
entirely from the San Francisco. That
vessel sailed at 6 o'clock this morningr
from Lisbon and will arrive at the
Tyne about Friday. It is expected that
she will divide her officers and crew
with the Amazonas. placing Lieuten
ant Commander Arthur P. Nazro, exec
utive officer of the San Francisco, in
charge of the latter vessel. Without
doubt the Amazonas will be got across
the ocean as soon as possible, and it is
expected that the San Francisco will
convoy her
SIX NEW BATTLESHIPS
TO BE PROVIDED.
An Encouraging Report From the
Naval Affairs Committee
Is Reported.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— A good
deal of excitement was created at the
Navy Department to-day by a report
from the capltol that a majority of the
Naval Affairs Committee is disposed
to substitute six battle-ships for the
three provided for in the penrHnw navel
appropriation bill. This number is
supposed to represent about the normal
working capacity of the three ship
building concerns in this country that
are able at present to undertake the
construction of battle-ships.
HUDYAN '
That Is what cures you. If
you are in doubt about it
inquire. If it will not stop
losses in a week it Is because
you have neglected yourself.
1 Weak knees are made strong
by HUDYAN. Weak backs
are made strong by HUD-
YAN. If you use HUDYAN
you do not have spots be-
fore your eyes. If you use
HUDYAN you do not shake
and tremble. If you get the
great HUDYAN remedio-
treatment you no longer are
a weakling. Be sensible! Is
there any reason in the world
why others should enjoy
full pleasure and you feel
like a boy instead of being
a man? But you have got
to make an effort. You
must do something. Write
to the doctors of that grand
institute — from which alone
you can get HUDYAN — and
ask them to help you. They
will do it. They will make
a man of, you — no matter
how bad you have been. You
may have lost almost all of
your manhood, and so don't
feel like seeing any one or fa
asking for advice. Use your '
weak will power that is left.
Get a postage stamp — even
if you have to borrow it —
and write for free and sat-
isfactory testimonials and
circulars telling you all
about what HUDYAN has
done for thousands of others
on this big Slope. It has
cured them all. And why
will you not let it cure you?
Wrecks of the worst kind —
yes, of the very worst kind —
have been saved in a week
HUDYAN
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Stockton, [His and Market Sts,,
San Francisco, Cal.
DUTTOLJI7C FOR BABBEK8 " BAK *
JDXIU OIIJDO er8 > bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy -makers, cannerj.
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, g
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. I
BUCHANAN BROS.. I
Brush Manufacttii»ei»B,6o9 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 50day,
' 96 to $8 week, J8 to $30 month. Free baths:
- hot and cold water every room; flra grate* Is
rrery room: elevator runs all aisbt.ATTORNEY
ACCUSED OF
INEBRIETY
Clark Murder Trial
Opens With a
Sensation.
Lawyer Hogan of the De
fense Arouses the
Court's Wrath.
Told That Physicians Would
Be Called to Ascertain if
He Were Sober.
WIDOW CLARK'S STORY.
Confesses Her Shsme and Telia of
the Kill ng of Her
Husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
XAPA, March 15.— Napa's sensation
is under way, and already the court is
deep into the evidence of the murderer
of William Clark, the section hand of
St. Helena,
The sick juror was on hand, and
Judge Ham was tenderly solicitous of
his health, and upon adjourning for the
noon recess, in addition to the legal
admonition to the jury, he advised Ju
ror Hampton how to take care of him
self and how he should keep warm.
Mis. Clark was the center of the day's
proceedings. She is a willing witness.
She is actuated by the fact that she
must atone for the wrong she has done,
by telling all she knows. Voluntarily
she told of her shame, and when the
defense objected to the District Attor
ney's questions on the ground that she
should not be compelled to testify to
anything which would degrade her, she
seemed willing to go on.
The differences between bench and
bar — Judge Ham and Mr. Hogan — fur
■ i more interest during the morn
ing, and Mr. Hogan came out second
best. His sobriety was impeached from
the bench, and the unforunate attorney
not respond except under fear of
mpt; and in the frame of mind
the court was in contempt was apt to
be expensive.
When the case was opened the clerk
was ordered to read the information.
To this Mr. Hogan of the defense ob
jected, on the ground that he was en
titled to twelve healthy jurors, and he
doubted, notwithstanding medical tes
timony to the contrary, that Hampton
could go on with the case. His objec
tion was overruled.
Then Hogan objected to the impanel
ment of the jury, and again it was
useless, and the clerk read the informa
tfr-c adding afterward that Clark had
pleaded not guilty and had given as
his true name George W. Clark.
Once more Hogan objected, this time
to the clerk's remarks; but in vain, and
then he asked that the clerk's words
should be stricken out. The court re
fused to allow It, and told Mr. Hogan
he had better make his objections in
general "to every word and every syl
lable and every inflection of the voice."
This Mr. Hogan declined to do, and he
subsided, while District Attorney Bell
rose to make his opening statement.
Briefly and forcibly the District At
torney outlined his case, but before he
had spoken five minutes Hogan had
got in two more useless objections — one
that the District Attorney was arguing,
not making a statement, and the < ther
that the District Attorney was not un
der oath. Both were overruled, and
immediately Hogan tried two more.
Then the court "respectfully suggest
ed" that a general exception be noted,
and to the remarks of the court Hogan
objected.
"I will not have this case turned
into a farce," said Judge Ham, in re
ply. "The court may have an excep
tion itself after awhile."
"To which remarks of the court the
defendant excepts," repeated Hogan, as
he had repeated several times before.
"I am tired of this," was the court's
rejoinder, "and I wish to say that I do
not think counsel for the defense is
acting in good faith. If counsel main
tains that the District Attorney has no
right to make any statement let him
do so, and the exception may go on the
record; but unless he have such objec
tion I want no more trivial interrup
tions."
Hogan, however, could not keeep his
seat. He soon rose to another objec
tion, and then Judge Ham %.axed an
gry.
"I will call physicians to ascertain
your condition. Mr. Hogan," he said,
•'and I shall put it all in the record."
"I object," said Hogan.
"I will have them ascertain if you
are sober enough to transact business."
More objections from Hogan were
the only immediate results to this
verbal jolt, but when the court added,
significantly, that he would not stand it
much longer there was an uninterrupt
ed period of at least ten minutes, dur
ing most of which the crowd tittered.
Mrs. Lovlna Clark was the first wit
ness called. ' _ • .
The events of Wednesday evening,
January 19, were carefully gone into.
"Do you know the defendant, George
W Clark?" asked Mr. Bell, after Mrs.
Clark had told of the killing of her
husband. At once the manner of the
witness changed. She hesitated, and
then said,
"Yes "
Then she told how she had known
George Clark from the time he was 6
weeks old, and how, as he grew up, he
became a frequent visitor at her hoU s e
after her marriage. She told how she
had known George Clark too well and
how, in her husband's absence, she had
Continuing, she confessed the whole
revolting truth, relieving it only by her
repeated statement that she told
George Clark she "was trying to lead a
better life." It was this that caused
William Clark's death, for, seeing that
William's wife would have nothing to
do with him, George asked her if. were
William dead, she would marry him.
She said yes, and in her testimony she
declared she did so to get rid of him.
Under cross-examination the woman
told how she taught school back in Il
linois and how George Clark was one
of her pupils. She was then 24 and
George Clark was 16. She lived in his
father's house. She was married to
William Clark while she was teaching
school.
Mrs. Clark was on the stand when
court adjourned.
Bona Won the Goelet Cup.
CANNES, March 15.— The Duke of
Abruzzi's yacht Bona won the Ogden
Goelet cup to-day, easily defeating A. D.
Clarke's Satinetta.
Judge and Lawyer Who Enlivened Proceedings in the Clark Murder Case at Napa.
LOUD`S BILL
COMES FIRST
Then the House Will
Take Up the Maine
Relief Matter.
Political Issues Brought Up
During Debates on the Post
office Appropriation.
Boutelle of Maine Tries in Vain to
Sidetrack the Measure of the
Calilorman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 15.
The House agreed to-day to consider
the bill for the relief of the legal heirs
of the victims and survivors of the
Maine disaster as soon as the Postofflce
appropriation bill, which was taken up
in the House to-day, is out of the way.
During the general debate on the post
office bill members eagerly took advan
tage of the latitude allowed in com
mittee of the whole to discuss various
political questions, and the debate,
consequently, covered a wide range.
Griggs (D.) of Georgia and Walker (R.)
of Massachusetts discussed the cotton
industry, and Tawney (R.) of Indiana,
a member of the Ways and Means
Committee, replied to the speech of
Johnson (R.) of Indiana, made some
time ago, against the advisability of
annexing the Hawaiian Islands.
At the opening session of the House'
the Speaker recognized Boutelle (Rep.)
of Maine, chairman of the Naval Com
mittee, that he might call up the bill for
the relief of the victims and the surviv
ors of the Maine disaster. The bill pro
vides for making- payments to the legal
heirs of those who lost their lives equal
to twelve months' sea pay of the de
ceased, and also for the reimbursement
to the survivors of the value of the
personal effects lost, not to exceed in
amount a sum equal to twelve months'
sea pay. The continuance of allotments
to families of the deceased for the three
months was also provided for.
Consideration of the bill required
unanimous consent. Loud (Rep.) of Cali
fornia, said the bill was important, but
there was a general la.w which covered
such cases, and a special act should re
ceive deliberate consideration.
Boutelle said that the passage of the
bill was demanded by public sentiment
all over the country. He said there was
a pressing necessity for the relief of the
sufferers from this terrible disaster.
Benefit performances were being held
and subscriptions were being raised all
over the country for the relief of the
widows and orphans of the victims.
Loud objected.
"That is the gentleman's privilege, un
der the rules," said Boutelle.
"I object to the latter remark," said
Loud, "and ask that it be stricken from
the record."
It was finally arranged, by unanimous
consent, that the bill should be con
sidered as soon as the Postofflce appro
priation bill was out of the way.
Danford (Rep.) of Ohio, chairman of
the Committee on Immigration, called
attention to the fact that he had given
notice some time ago that he would to
day call up the immigration bill. He
asked what the parliamentary status of
the bill was, and the Speaker informed
him that it was on the Speaker's table
and could be called up at any time when
a privileged matter was not before the
House.
On motion of Loud the House then
went into committee of the whole and
took up the Postofflce appropriation bill.
Loud explained its provisions briefly.
It carried $98,962,300, being $958,391 less
than the estimates, and $3,2%,962 more
than the appropriations for the current
year.
CLARENCE H. MACKAY
LEASES TIFFANY'S PLACE.
Miss Katherine Duers' Future Hus
band Secures a Picturesque
Colonial House.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Clarence H.
j Mackay, who Is to marry Miss Katherine
! Duer, has leased for a year the country
' place of Perry Tiffany at Westbury, Long
Island. It Is a picturesque colonial struc
ture, surrounded by beautiful gardens,
with stables and kennels, and there are
about 100 acres on the estate.
Mrs. Moses Hopkins of San Francisco,
j who has recently taken a handsome house
iin Fifth avenue and will make it her
! home for several years, gave a luncheon
I yesterday in honor of Mrs. W. Mayo New
! hall and Mrs. Joseph Crockett, both of
j San Francisco, now in this city.
Katharine Grey of San Francisco has
| almost recovered from the severe illness
which compelled her to retire from the
stage in the middle of the season. She
will sail next Saturday for Naples, and
thence proceed leisurely through the
country to Paris, where she will remain
all summer. She expects to return in the
early autumn ready for work.
DR. SANARELi IS
GIVEN A SETBACK.
The Brazilian Government Refuses to
Grant Him an Exclusive Privi
lege for His Fever Cure.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, March 15.—Ad
vices from the Herald's correspondent
in Rio Janeiro state that the Brazilian
Government has refused to grant Dr.
Sanareli the exclusive privilege to use
his newly discovered yellow fever cure
in Brazil. Dr. Sanareli is backed by
many physicians and insists upon the
privilege being granted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898.
BARK FAIRFIELD'S
ENCOUNTER WITH
A WATERSPOUT
Passes So Close to the Swirling
Column T^at h\er Spars
Are Stripped of
Canvas.
TACOMA, March 15.— The British bark Fairfield entered to-day
from Shanghai, via Royal Roads. She was chartered on Saturday for
30 shillings to the exporting firm of Gibson & Kerr, and will load
wheat for Europe.
The trip across from Shanghai was made in forty days. A terrible
experience was the Fairfield's encounter with a waterspout and hurri
cane which, though lasting but forty minutes, tore into tatters her
strong sails and stripped her bare of canvas. The Fairfield passed
within a quarter of a mile of the powerful water funnel, black as night
and masterful in its dangerous strength. The terrific wind accompany
ing this unusual phenomenon stirred and twisted the angry sea into
furious waves, and against its cyclonic force the ship bravely battled.
Captain Helm attempted to turn his vessel away from the sweep of the
angry storm, but all in vain, and he was finally obliged to let loose the
halyards and deliver the sails to the merciless winds.
Skipper Helm never had such an experience before and does not wish
another. His vessel was bowling along before a moderate breeze when
a week out from Shanghai. The sky became suddenly overcast, and
soon an electric storm was raging, and the heavens resounded- as though
rent by heavy cannonading. The sky darkened and the wind came in
cyclonic puffs. The captain saw that he was in the path of one of
those dreadeu tornadoes which sweep the tropic seas. All hands were
called on deck to manage the sails, and an attempt was made to turn
the ship northward, hoping thus to escape the storm's worst fury. It
was then too late. In a very few minutes an immense black funnel
went swirling by, striking terror into every living thing aboard the
ship. There was an awful roar, and the water seemed to be sucked
from the ocean to a height of 300 feet. Had the Fairfield been in the
path of the waterspout she would have been destroyed in a twinkling.
The officers aboard the vessel suggest that these waterspouts,
which are frequent at certain seasons, may account for the occasional
disappearance of stanch ships in the southern ocean along the Asiatic
coast.
An hour after the waterspout passed the sun was shining and the
ship was sailing through a peaceful sea as though nothing had hap
pened. Canvas was brought from a storeroom, and all hands worked
steadily until new sails were in place. This Is the second voyage of the
Fairfield, which was launched eighteen months ago at Glasgow.
SIR HENRY
BESSEMER
Death Claims the Most
Celebrated Inventor
of the Age.
Made Famous by Working Out
the Steel That Bears His
Name.
In Many Ways the Noted Englishman
Gained a World-Wide Rep
utation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 15.— Sir Henry Bes
semer, the celebrated inventor of Bes
semer steel, died last evening.
Sir Henry Bessemer, the English In
ventor, was born at Charlton, in Hert
fordshire, January 13, 1813, being the
youngest son of Anthony Bessemer, a
French refugee. He began life in Lon
don as a modeler and designer, and
turned his attention to improving the
method of stamping deeds, which was
adopted without compensation to Bes
semer by the English Stamp Office.
He successively turned his inventive
skill to devising machinery for making
figured Utrecht velvet, to working out
a type-casting machine and to the
manufacture of bronze powder.
In 1854 he brought before Emperor
Napoleon an invention relating to pro
jectiles. This brought him into con
tact with the manufacture of steel, and
led him to make a series of experiments
at an old factory at St. Pancras, which
led to the invention of the pneumatic
process which bears his name. The
first public announcement of it was
made on August 11, 1856, at the Chelt
enham meeting of the British associa
tion. It was received with skepticism
and ridicule by the majority of iron
makers. Experiments which proved
successful in some localities were dis
credited by disastrous failures in
others.
A series of laborious and costly in
vestigations followed, which proved
that the pig Iron to be used must be
low in phosphorus, and that a man
ganese carbon alloy must be added at
the end of the operation, the latter dis
covery having been made by Robert
Mushet.
Again Bessemer came before the pub
lic, reading a paper on May 24, 1859, be
fore the institution of civil engineers.
It was not until he had established
works at Sheffield, and had become an
active and dangerous competitor that
other makers availed themselves of
the process.
It made such rapid progress that ten
years after the first announcement Bes
semer was deriving from it an income
of $500,000 per year, his total revenue
from the patents having been over
$1,250,000. The Sheffield works yielded
in fourteen years eighty-one times the
original investment.
In 1869 he entered a new field of in
vention, aiming to check the rolling
motion of vessels and prevent seasick
ness. A vessel with a swinging sa
loon was launched in 1574, but after a
few voyages she was abandoned. Lat
terly he devoted himself to the im
provement of telescopes.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
WASHINGTON. March 15. -The Senate
to-day passed Senator Perkins' bill pro
viding for the establishment of a light
house and fog signal at Point Arguello,
Santa Barbara County, California. The
amount carried in the bill is $35,000.
The Senate Committee on Naval Affairs
to-day reported favorably Senator Per
kins' amendment to the naval appropria
tion bill providing for the establishment
of a naval station and training school on
Goat Island and appropriating $100,000 for
the same.
Representative de Vries to-day Intro- 1
duced a bllj authorizing the Secretary of f
the Treasury to pay to F. H. Trappeniers j
$166, this being the amount due him as
salary while postmaser at West Point, i
Cal., from July, 1864, to June, 1865.
Senator Perkins and Representative
Castle to-day appeared before the Senate
Committee on Appropriations and asked !
to have Inserted in the sundry civil bill an
appropriation of $6300 for improvements in
Sequoia National Park, California. Sen- !
ator Perkins thinks the appropriation will
be allowed.
The postoffice at Yokohl, Tulare County, j
California, will be discontinued after j
March 31. Mail should be sent to Exeter. '
Frank L. Whitcher was to-day appointed
postmaster at Los Olivos, Santa Barbara j
County, vice Elile Heyman, removed.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day a* follows: Hugh H. Grain and J. W.
Forbes. Plymouth^ quartz mill; William I
H. Fulcher and S. .E. Latta, Stockton, i
gold separater; Paul J. Johnson, assignor
of part to A. C. Calkins, Los Angeles, ,
rotary engine; Dennis Jordan and J. E. |
Duncan, San Francisco, device for con- |
struction of levees; Thomas Kirshman.
San Francisco, baling press; Herman C.
Neimyer, Wheatland, folding cot bed; j
William H. Riess, San Francisco, fuel- I
burning attachment for stoves; George;
Shoenberger, Long Beach, harness buckle; j
Albert yon Volswinkler, San Francisco,
spirit level; David D. Wadsworth, Es- I
condido, necktie holder; Joseph C. Bayer,
Portland. Or., tile roofing.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original. Daniel S. Cornwell,
Santa Clara, $6: William P. Markley,
Oakland, $6; Peter T. 'Bolder, Los An- i
geles $6; Joseph Oreppin San Francisco,
$12- Henry Homager, Oakland, $6; Michael j
Hennessey, San Francisco, $6; Charles B. !
Turner Los Angeles. $6; Samuel A.
Hooper', Veterans' Home. Napa, $6;
Thomas J. Harman, Red Bluff, $6.
Oregon — Mexican war survivors, Robert
Markwood, Soldiers' Home, Douglas, $8
Union Pacific and Short Line.
NEW YORK, March 15.— An official of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company de
nies the report that President Burt Is to
become president of the Oregon Short
Line, and that the two offices wIU be
merged into one on April L
REFORMING
THE TOWN
OF SKAGUAY
Citizens Organize to
Drive Out the
Gamblers.
Backed by Federal Sol
diers They Raid Sev
eral Places.
"Soapy" Smith and His Friends
Warn the Vigilantes
to Desist.
MURDER OF AN ARGONAUT
Posses on the Trail of His Slayer,
Intent on a Lynching
Bee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, March 15.— The steam
ship Islander, which arrived this morn
ing, brings news that the law-abiding
citizens of Skaguay are taking advan
tage of the presence of Colonel East
man and the two companies of United
States infantry stationed there to ef
fect much-needed social reforms. On
Tuesday last a meeting of citizens was
held in the town hall, and a Citizens'
League formed with .Jl members, un
der the name of the One Hundred and j
One Society. The first work of the
league was to put a stop to all gam
bling, sure-thing and flimsy games in
Skaguay and on the trail.
Early in the afternoon of Tuesday
last the leaguers went to the Marshal,
and with him and the officers of the
troops went around and notified the
gamblers that they must close. The
orders were at first disobeyed, but
when the officers had closed several
places by force of arms the gamblers
saw that the closing order was no bluff
and obey -d. The gamblers were much
enraged- at the action of the citizens,
and assembled about the town in little
groups, threatening all who, in their
opinion, were in sympathy with the
league. Saving a few small street
brawls, however, there was no distur
bance. The gamblers realized iat they
were helpless and could not defy the
league, backed as it was by the troops.
Later in the day the league, being de
sirous of continuing the reformation of
the city, issued a proclamation order
ing "Soapy" Smith and his following to
leave Skaguay. The proclamation was
as follows:
WARNING!
A word to the wise should be
sufficient. All confidence, bunco
and sure-thing and other objec
tionable characters are notified
to leave Skaguay and White Pass
road immediately and to remain
away. Failure to comply with
this warning will be followed by
prompt action. 101.
Skaguay, March 8, 1898.
Soon after this notice was circulated
"Soapy" Smith and his clientele mass
ed their strength and had it not been
for the presence of soldiers they would
have attacked the league, which was
i then holding a meeting. They calmed
! down somewhat after a while and held
I a meeting at which they drafted the
! following answer to the proclamation
of the 101:
WARNING!
The body of men styling them
selves the 101 are hereby notified
that any overt act committed by
them will be promptly met by
law-abiding citizens of Skaguay
and each member and his prop
erty will be held responsible for
his unlawful act on their part,
and the Law and Order Society,
consisting of 317 citizens, will
see that justice is dealt out to
its full extent, as no blackmail
ers or vigilantes will be toler
ated THE COMMITTEE.
Passengers who came down on the
'• Islander say the league will ultimately
i blot out gambling, and its action will
I end in all the gamblers and roughs be
> ing driven out. The military has prom
j ised every assistance in purging the city
J of its social evils.
f That the league has not acted any
i too soon is shown by the fact that an
' other murder has been committed in
i the vicinity of Skaguay. It was a cold
i blooded crime, with robbery for its ob
ject.
The murdered man was Harry Bean,
'■ an American, hailing from the Eastern
States. He was shot and killed about
| seven miles above Skaguay on the
\ White Pass road. His body was found
i by packers returning to the gateway
j city on Wednesday morning, soon after
I the deed had been committed. The body
! was not yet cold— in fact, it is thought
! those who found the corpse startled the
> murderer and he fled from his victim
■ ere he could take possession of the val
: uables for which he killed the unfortu
! nate man. There was $300 in a belt on
' the body and in the pockets was a min
er's license, recently procured in Vic
i toria, and $33 50 in bills and silver.
j From the appearance of the corpse the
; murdered man must have been am
: bushed, the murderer having seeming
| ly sprung upon him from behind rocks
i and placed a revolver close to his face.
i The features were torn and blackened
by powder. .
Those just back from the Summit say
the British flag is still waving,, and
those who refuse to pay their duty are
promptly turned back. It is stated that
upward of 6000 people are between Dyea
and the lakes '~ and are moving on [in
good order. The town recently formed
at Lake Bennett has 1 been 1 christened
Portage City. It has elected a Council,
which i acts •as • a court : and ; arbitration
committee ;to settle, all disputes. : ! *T:?
X* On the way down the Islander passed
the steamer Del ; Norte ashore in Wran
gel ■ Narrows. v The Islander, did i not • go
close enough to speak her, but from her
position she was seemingly undamaged
and would get* off > at f high water. The 1
steamer Corona ; was | passed *at l Skeena.
She was tied up at one of the canneries
awaiting the tug which has gone up for
hen-
NO HOPE OF
SAVING THE
NEW YORK
Wrecked Ship Settles
Farther Into the
Sand.
Cargo of Tea and Rice
Swells and Bursts the
Hold.
Shippers Likely to Lose All
Consignments Aboard the
Vessel.
SHE MAY GO TO PIECES.
In Danger of Being Overturned by
tho First Calo or Heavy
Sea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HALFMOON BAY, March 15.—Hun
dreds of people visited the wreck of the
New York to-day. Captain Peabody,
accompanied by agents of the company
in which the vessel was insured, this
morning launched a boat in the surf
and reached the New York in safety.
The condition of the ship was worse
than was expected. During the night
a heavy sea had broken completely
j over her with such a force that all the
j spare spars which had been well lashed
| were washed from their fastenings and
crushed the stanchions and rails into
pieces. One spar seventy feet long
broke through the after cabin and was
washed ashore in pieces. The deck was
found to have been bulged up during
the night and the main hatch was
broken.
Through the swelling of the cargo of
tea and rice the back of the vessel ap
peared broken. The vessel is full of
water and the lee side of the cabin is
awash. All the cabin windows are
stove in from the effects of the break
ers. The forecastle is completely
wrecked. The vessel has a more de
cided list to seaward and is in mo
mentary danger of turning over.
The officers, after examining the New
York, held a special survey and decided
that it would be next to impossible to
save the ship, and the hope of being
able to save the cargo, which is now
almost destroyed by the water, was
slight. The New York has sunk deeper
into the quicksand and is now em
bedded to a depth of over twenty-three
' ADVERTISEMENTS. .^^
0588 n&SS 82 82 82 82 S8 82 82 8282 82 82 SS S2 SS S2 82 82 82 82 SS 82 83 82 82 S3
S3
8 ... - , ifJ^rN A No. 1 Suits, all 5
8S All manner of good fW^ 1 o f them. Carefully 8S
S \\ rx\ I / them. Carerully «
ss suits— all styles and i\ r ° \V. made— to trim- a
I all fabrics— that you f ° mings, stitching and |
88 . r • i ij cut— perfect in every ss
ss have been paying L w {F —.< * ' r -/ 9
88 I — detail. . Every one fit- eg
as $15.00 for, are ; now r^ ted to each purchaser. «
28 being offered for iT""""! before being allowed 88
55 $10 00 I'M \| to leave the store. . *;
ss II — — — — \l\ \ ■ ~~" "■ ' ~~~T 88
g; $15.00 Suits •/, IVj ] Worth $15.00, a
28 genuinely reduced fl but cost you ... %
* to ;. ■ I only ■ 1
I $10.00 -^±1/ $10.00 1
I L — _— _ — — — /^X •'- ' . ■ • •o
s s
I We Make No Foolish Claim I
8S SS
i? | About these suits. We don't ask you to believe they are the best 8S
88 we have. We don't claim they are worth twice the . price we g .
88 ask— but we do claim and guarantee they are really, worth ss
88 $15.00; that they have been selling for that price; that we have % . a
I marked them down to $10.00 ; that they will fit#and ; wear to •
|88 satisfy you ; that our immense line offers the opportunity for a 88
88 discriminating selection of Tweeds, Cheviots and Cassimeres, in ' *r
1 88 •*
! 88 every late color and design ; and / lastly, we suit you in every 88
! !~"' : detail or return your money.
| 28 88
ss Everything we sell kept in re- fj
| ff pair one year free of charge. "
Iss ■ -~ : c.
j •s 88
$$'"■:;'; ■ *~" ..- '■- - ;r -' : ;■: -. ' r ; ■'-_ • """ ■ ; ;?■ .--■"' : . . '•'-^S;
I COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS, '.'■
I 718 MARKET STREET, S. F- 1
o« ---^\ ._,- .. - SS
§88SSS8S8S88SSS3S88SSS8S8SSSS SS 888S 8888»88S8S888888S»88?2 28 SS-88 88 SS
feet, whereas yesterday it had readied
only the sixteen-foot mark.
The sea has been washing completely
over the vessel all day, but notwith
standing this brave Mate Callip made
numerous journeys to and from the
shore. Wading in and out of the cabin
he managed to save a portion of the
captain's chart books, clothing and
other effects.
The mate himself is the heaviest loser
of any of the crew, not having recov
ered even a change of clothing for him
self. His own chart and the logbook
were reduced to pulp, and the recovery
from that portion of the vessel of any
valuables is now an impossibility. The
manifest was lost overboard yesterday
when the boat capsized with the cap
tain, mate and four sailors.
All of the sailors, with the exception
of three that could not be rounded up,
were sent to San Francisco to-day to
be paid off to-morrow at the United
State Shipping Commissioner's office.
Before they could leave town they were
examined by the San Francisco board
ing officer of the Health Department,
as they came from an Asiatic port. The
cook, who had his leg broken, remained
here under the care of the local physi
cian, who says it will be a few days be
fore the man can be removed to the
city for treatment at the Marine Hos
pital.
First Mate Callip had a severe hem
orrhage last night and he will go to the
city to-morrow to see the men paid off
and will then enter the hospital for
treatment. The captain will remain
here in charge of the vessel and cargo
until some final disposition is made of
her by the owners.
Another attempt will be made to ra
cover the papers in the captain's room,
and also the mate's, at low tide. From
the present appearances the cargo will
be totally destroyed by to-morrow on
account of the tremendous crushing
power of the swelling cargo which will
lift the deck completely off and allow
the surf to wash a portion ashore.
The work of salving the New York"*
cargo is to be prosecuted with vigor.
Adjuster Gibbs and Marine Secretary
Levison of the Fireman's Fund Insur
ance Company returned from the
wreck yesterday, and after a conference
with S. L. Jones & Co., the consignees,
the work of salving the cargo was let
to the "Whitelaw Wrecking Company.
Everything saved will be carted to San
Mateo and then brought to San Fran
cisco by rail.
RANCHER JOHN E. KIRK
PASSES AWAY AT GRIDLEY.
Was the Organizer of the Acme Har
vester Manufacturing
Company.
GRIDI/EY. March 15.— John E. Kirk, a
prominent business man and rancher of
this place, died to-night of congestion of
the liver. He was 48 years of age and a
native of Missouri. In 1876 he engaged
In manufacturing, organized the Acme
Harvester Company and became wealthy
from this and other business ventures.
Two years ago he came to California,
bought land on Feather River and en
gaged in raising hemp. He had extensive
business interests in PeorJa, 111., Fresno
and Gridley. Thomas J. Kirk, Superin
tendent of Schools of Ftesno County. i 3
a brother of the deceased. The body will
be shipped to Peoria for burial.
Carries Klondike Passengers.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
LIMA, March 15.— The British steam
er Tartar, bound from Southampton to
Vancouver, B. C, arrived at Callao to-
day. She has many passengers, most
of whom are Englishmen bound for the
Klondike gold fields.
34
JARMAN FILES HIS
SUIT FOR DAMAGES
BOSS REA
MUST FACE
THE LAW
He Will Be Asked to
Prove His Words
in Court.
Bitter Tongue of the Poli
tician Gets Him Into
Trouble.
Attack Upcn a Reform Club
Candidate Quickly Re
sented.
ACTS AS A BOOMERANG.
Respectable Citizens of San Jose De
termined to Defeat the
"Gang."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 15. — Every topic of
conversation in this city was over
shadowed to-day by the Jarman-Rea
incident, the facts of which were pub
lished in The Call this morning. On
every side there were heard epithets of
contempt and indignation for the men
dacious action of the political boss
who rules the "gang." and words of
commendation for the man whom he
insulted and attempted to defame. It
Is the general expression that Rea, by
his outrageous conduct, has absolutely
Insured the election of Jarman as
Councilman at large, and has given a
lift to the entire New Charter Club
ticket. Everybody realizes that the at
tack on Jarman was made in sheer
desperation, and that the boss, in his
desire to injure the cause of go6d gov
ernment, overstepped the bounds of de
cency, and, in all probability, of the
law.
Jarman was the recipient of sympa
thy and congratulations throughout the
day — sympathy for being made the vic
tim of so unjust and cowardly an at
tack; congratulations on the beneficial
effect this attack would have on his
candidacy and on the charter ticket as
a wholes Every decent, self-respecting
voter, he was assured, to whose atten
tion this incident was called, would be
certain to vote for him and against the
"gang" ticket, as a mark of resentment
toward the boss, his detestable methods
and his adherents and tools.
Rea was closeted with his counselors
nearly all day seeking to devise ways
and means to overcome the results of
his desperate and unfortunate spasm
of malignity.
This afternoon papers were filed In
the Superior Court of Santa Clara
County wherein suit was instituted by
J. P. Jaxman against James W. Rea on
two counts for slander for the use by
the defendant of words that are al
leged to be "false, malicious and de
famatory." Damage is asked in the
sum of 125,000 on each count, or $50,000
in all. Following is the complaint in
full:
Plaintiff complains of defendant and
for cause of action alleges:
1.
That plaintiff has been a resident of the
city of San Jose, county of Santa Clara,
State of California, for twenty-nine years.
2.
That plaintiff was duly and regularly
elected to the Common Council of the said
city of San Jose in the year 1895, and con
tinued in said office for the period of two
years.
8.
That while plaintiff was Councilman as
aforesaid the said city, through its Mayor
and Common Council, ordered to be pur
chased a certain steam roller.
4.
That on the 14th day of March, 1898, In
the presence of George Koenig and plain
tiff and of other good and worthy persons
at the city of San Jose, county or Santa
Clara. State of California, the said de
fendant, James TV. Rea spoke, published
and uttered the words following to wit:
"There was nine hundred dollars paid
on the purchase of that steam roller to
some or the Councilmen, and you got
four hundred of it."
5.
That the said words are false, malicious
and defamatory, and were spoken of and
concerning the plaintiff.
C.
That the said words meant and were
understood by those who neard them to
mean that the plaintiff herein had fel
oniously received money while acting as
a Councilman of the said city of San
Jose.
That by reason of the false, defama
tory, unprivileged and malicious words of
and concerning plaintiff, as aforesaid,
plaintiff herein has been exposed to
hatred, contempt, obloquy, disgrace and
shame, and to his (plaintiff's) damage in
the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars.
II: ■ 4--*. . - -
And for a further cause of action plain
tiff upon information and belief avers:
1.
That plaintiff has been a resident of
the city of San Jose, county of Santa
Clara. State of California, for twenty
nine years.
- V 2. ; .
That plaintiff was duly elected to the i
Common Council of the said city of San
Jose In the year 1895 and continued in said
office for the period ofitwo years.
3.
That while plaintiff- was Councilman as
aforesaid, the said city of San Jose,
through its Mayor and Common Council,
ordered to be purchased a certain steam
roller. -7 ; ■ -.-■ . ■ . . .• ■
4. ■-■.■■, Av-
That on the 11th day of March, 1898. in
a conversation with Samuel C. Tompkins
and other good and worthy persons at the
city of San Jose, county of Santa Clara,
State of California, the said defendant,
James' W. Rea, spoke, .■> published and
uttered the following, to wit: "You have
got some crooked men in the Charter
Club." "Whereupon said Tompklns asked
of said defendant Rea, "Who, for in
stance?" and thereupon the said de
fendant, James W. Rea, said, "Jack
"Jarman; he robbed the city when he was
in the Council. What did he do with
that $900 that he got on the purchase of
the street roller?"
■"■:'. -■ 5. . • . .
That the said words are false, malicious
and defamatory, and were spoken of and
concerning the plaintiff. ,
6.
That the words meant, and were under
stood by ■ those who . heard them to : mean,
that the plaintiff herein : had feloniously
received money while acting as a Council
man of the said city of San Jose.
That by reason of the false, defamatory,
unprivileged : and malicious words of and
concerning plaintiff, as aforesaid, plaintiff j
■ herein has been ■ exposed to hatred,; con- 1
JAMES W. REA, the San Jose Political Boss.
tempt, obloquy, disgrace and shame, and
to his (plaintiff's) damage in the sum of
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Wherefore, by reason of the premises
and the damage thereby, plaintiff prays
for the recovery of fli'ty thousand dollars
damages and costs of suit.
A. H. JARMAN and EDWIN A.
WILCOX, attorneys for plaintiff.
In explaining his reasons for bringing
this suit Mr. Jarman said that he felt
it to have been his duty to do so, not
only in his own defense but as a matter
of principle in defense of the ticket on
which he was a candidate. He said
that he considered an assault on any
one candidate an attack on the entire
ticket.
Mayor Koch, who occupied the May
or's chair at the time the steam roller
was being negotiated for and also when
it was actually purchased, confirmed
Mr. Jarman's story relative to the
transactions connected with that ma
chine. He declared that the roller was
not actually purchased until May, 1897,
and that Jarman went out of office in
April of the same year. He added:
"I don't believe Jarman would com
mit any dishonest act In the Council or
anywhere else. I always found Jar
man straight In all affairs that con
cerned the city."
In speaking of the circumstances that
led to the suit James W. Rea made
some significant and important admis
sions. He made statements that should
induce the Grand Jury if it has any
sense of its duty and means to per
form it, to call him before that body
and ask him to make a full and detail
ed statement of what he knows.
"I never said that Jarman got the
money," said James W. Rea to The
Call correspondent. "What I said was
that $900 had been divided among some
members of the Council, as the roller
could be bought for $3000. It was of
fered to me for $3000. The price paid
was $3900. I knew nothing about the
transaction when Jarman was in the
Council. Jarman was on the com
mittee, and spent $180 of the city s
money in examining into the proposi
tion to see whether the machine was
good or not. But not until Jarman was
out of the Council and the Council was
to allow the money for the steam roller
did I become acquainted with the facts
and that there was a commission in it.
"All I ever told about Jarman was
that probably he could explain where
this $900 went, as he was a great econ
omist. The inference was that some
body got it and perhaps Jarman could
explain who. I know all about the
transaction, but I never said Jarman
got the stuff. If necessary to protect
myself I can prove more "than some
one wants to have proved."
When asked why Jarman shoijld
have become angered if he was not
charged with taking some of this $900,
Rea answered:
"I told him positively that $900 had
been paid to some of the Council and
that some people said he had received
some of it."
On being pressed to tell all he knew
relative to the bribes which he alleged
had been paid to Councilmen for the
purchase of the steam roller, Rea de
clared that he got his information from
the man who paid the money to the
Councilmen, but he declined to give
this gentleman's name.
"You don't w^ant me to bawl anybody
out, do you?" were the words with
which he concluded the interview.
The case will be tried before Judge
A. S. Kittredge in Department 3.
MAY PURCHASE
THE O'HIGGINS.
The United States Conducting Some
Successful Negotiations
With Chile.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— Orders
have been issued by the Navy Depart
ment to the battle-ship Oregon direct
ins her departure from San Francisco
March 19. and that she proceed with
dispatch around the Horn to Key West.
Telegraphic orders were sent this
morning to San Francisco detaching
Captain A. H. McCormick from com
mand of the battle-ship and transfer
ring Captain C. E. Clark from the com
mand of the monitor Monterey to his
place on the Oregon. McCormick'3 de
tachment is due to a recommendation
of the Board of Medical Survey, which
found that he was physically incapaci
tated for duty on account of nervous
prostration.
ORDERED TO F^USH
WORK AT PORTLAND.
One Firm of Contractors Asked to
Hurry Up in Completing the
New Torpedo Soats.
PORTLAND, March IB.— The Wolff &
Zwicker Iron Works to-day received
orders from the Navy Department to
rush work on torpedo boats Nos. 12
and 13, which are under construction at
their shipyards in this city. The boats
are now almost ready to be launched,
and it is probable they can be com
pleted within two months. The plans
and model for the third torpedo boat.
No. 20, to be constructed by Wolff &
Zwicker, are ready, but the plates for
the hull have not yet been completed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898.
WARM SHOWER
BADLY NEEDED
"Would Insure Abundant
Crops in the San
Joaquin.
Fields in Condition to With
stand a Few More Days
of Drought.
Damage to Fruit by th« Frost Not
So Great as Was
Feared.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 15.— According to
special messages received by the Mail
to-day from many points in this county
and from Modesto and Oakdale in
Stanislaus County, there is still a good
chance of first-rate crops of grain in
this part erf the San Joaquin Valley.
In almost every instance the statement
is made that grain is still able to stand
a few days more of drought, and pro
vided there is some rain within the next
week or ten days there will be more
than an average crop. As a result of
the frost night before last apricots were
killed at Linden, and it did some dam
age to that fruit at Acampo. It rained
a little in Stockton to-day and large
flakes of snew fell, though not enough
to cover the ground.
r«Tn^ E n N P' Ma , rch 15 - T his morning's
rainfall of nearly a quarter of an inch
has added greatly to the crop prospects
of Fresno County, but still leaves them
in such condition that the final outcome
depends upon future showers The
ground has not been wet a sufficient
depth to assure the maturity of more
than a small percentage of the grain
without more rain. If abundant show
ers come during the next few weeks
there will be a fair yield of grain,
though not nearly as good as was ex
pected early in the season. The dam
age done to fruit by the frost of Sun
day night has not been great, though
the total loss of apricots and early
peaches is reported in some localities
This loss is not general and will prob
clXJ? c less than was at first reported
SACRAMENTO, March 15. - The
north winds during the past week have
caused the farmers in this vicinity
some anxiety. Not that the growing
grain has as yet been injured, but the
drying effects of these winds leave the
ground less fortified against any lack
of rain later in the season. The grain
is so far advanced that the ground is
pretty well protected from the sun, and
but for the drying Vinds the outlook*
for good crops In Sacramento and the
counties north would be quite satis
factory. While rain is not just now
a necessity, still, it would do a great
deal of good, and two or three inches
would be very welcome to the farmers.
There have been light frosts in the last
two nights, but it is not thought that
serious injury, if any, has been donje to
the fruit crops. Almond, cherry and
apricot trees have been in blossom for
three weeks, and the indications are
that the fruit crop will be heavy. Of
course, all depends on the weather for
the next few weeks, for if a hard frost
should come the whole aspect of things
would be changed.
ORGANIZING A COMPANY
OF NAVAL RESERVES.
MONTEREY, March 15.— California's
old Spanish capital Is oming to the
front in the general preparations for
war now in progress throughout the
United States and is organizing a com
pany of naval reserves. City Clerk
W. E. Parker is the prime mover .of the
new idea and is rinding able and hearty
support and co-operation from all
the townspeople. The meeting was held
last night to form plans and devise
means of raising a battalion in this
city and Pacific Grove. Much enthu
siasm was shown. Little beyond pre
liminary work was accomplished, but
an influential committee, composed of
T. J. Field, vice-president of the Bank
of Monterey, A. A. Manuel and H. E.
Kent, was appointed to take the
opinions of prominent business men of
the two towns regarding the movement.
Many influential citizens have already
signified their approval. After the next
meeting the matter will be laid before
the State authorities and final steps
will be taken for joining the State
militia.
i
HIS FATE IN
THE BALANCE
Physicians Investigate as
to the Sanity of
McCarthy.
Upon Their Report Will He Be
Hanged or Granted a
Commutation.
Fourth Time the Murderer Has Been
Examined by a Special
Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. March 15.—
Dennis McCarthy, the man who killed
George Fox of Santa Rosa, was ex
amined to-day by three of the State's
physicians to ascertain whether the
murderer Js an l.nbeclle or not, and
whether justice would be subserved by
the infliction of the death penalty.
McCarthy is condemned to die on the
scaffold on April 8, and there are seri
ous doubts as to his sanity. Four times
have doctors appointed by Governor
Budd been sent to the penitentiary to
examine the murderer, and In each in
stance they have failed to arrive at a
conclusion.
To-day Dr. W. A. Hatch of the
Stockton Insane Asylum, Dr. E. M. Os
born of the Glen Ellen Home for Fee
ble Minded and Dr. A. M. Gardener of
the Napa Insane Asylum, visited the
penitentiary, intent upon thoroughly
examining the condemned man and re
porting the result of their investigation
to Governor Budd. In their hands lies
the fate of McCarthy.
If they decide that he is possessed
of a clear mind and only shamming in
sanity and so report to the Governor,
that official will not again interfere
with the sentence of the court; but if
the doctors report that McCarthy is an
imbecile the Governor will again re
prieve the murderer or commute his
sentence to life imprisonment.
The physicians had the unfortunate
man before them to-day and spent a
number of hours questioning and ex
amining him. What the result of their
inspection was they did not say.
McCarthy has a soft spot on his skull,
a pressure upon which will throw him
into epileptic fits.
For many weeks he was given em
ployment in the prison hospital, where
he would be under the watchful eyes of
Prison Physician W. M. Lawlor, so that
that official might determine whether
the murderer was really insane or
merely shamming.
The crime for which Dennis Mc-
Carthy is awaiting execution was com
mitted on June 25, 1895, when he killed
George Fox near Santa Rosa. He was
tried and convicted and sentenced to
be hanged in San Quentin Penitentiary
on January 31. 1596, but the order of
court was stayed b- an appeal to the
Supreme Court.
After the higher court affirmed the
verdict of the Superior Court of Santa
Rosa McCarthy, was taken back to the
scene of his crime from San Quentin
and rpsentenced to be bunged on April
16. 1597.
Friends of the i nndemned man
brought McCarthy's <-ase to the atten
tion of Governor Budd. They claimed
that he was an epileptic and conse
quently not a fit subject to die upon the
gallows.
Their claims were supported by the
prison officials and the Governor grant
ed a reprieve until October 15 last. On
October 13 the Governor again post
poned the execution until April 8, 1898,
and upon the State physicians' report
will hinge McCarthy's fate.
SCHOONER NOMAD
NOT YET REPORTED.
Anxiety Over the Non-Arrival of the
Vessel at Seattle Is
Increasing.
SEATTLE, March 15.— Anxiety is in
creasing over the non-arrival of the four
masted schooner Nomad. She left Shang
hai on December 7 for Puget Sound and
has not since been reported. The uncer
tainty as to the fate of her husband and
three grown children who were on the
vessel is telling on the physical and men
tal condition of Mrs. J. W. McAlop, wife
of the captain, who resides in Seattle.
If the Nomad has not been lost one of
the most plausible explanations of her
disappearance is that she has been driven
by a storm far out of the regular track
of steamers. PossiblJ- she may have lost
some of her masts and rigging, which
would delay her progress but not neces
sarily prove disastrous.
GAMBLERS RETURNING.
Steamship Rosalie Brings Men Down
From Skaguay.
SEATTLE, March 15.— The steamship
Rosalie from Alaska reached this port
shortly before midnight, being the last
vessel to leave Skaguay. Captain
O'Brien confirms the report that United
States Marshal Mclnnis, aided by the
citizens of Skaguay, closed the gam
bling dens and ordered confidence men
to leave town. Martial law has since
prevailed.
Major Anderson of the Federal troops
suggested to Uuited States Commis
sioner Smith that it was the duty of
the Government to stop the various
games. Mr. Smith accordingly issued
an order to that effect, and with th»
citizens' committee of 101 insisted upon
the gamblers leaving town. In conse
quence of this order the Rosalie
brought a number to Seattle to-night,
who were among 217 who had signed
the notice threatening the citizens.
SUITS TO RECOVER LANDS.
Special Attorney Call to Begin Ac
tions Against the South
ern Pacific.
LOS ANGELES. March IB.— J. H. Call.
special attorney of the Government in
charge of the cases against the Southern
Pacific Railway Company in the over
lapping land grant suits, has just re
turned from Washington prepared to be
gin and prosecute several new suits on
the same lines as the one won recently,
affecting the old Atlantic and Pacific
grant. He will also endeavor to recover
lands sold by the railroad before the de
cision, and which he is convinced was
sold to others than bona-flde settlers. He
will attempt to get a favorable decision in
the case affecting the Texas Pacific
grant, involving some 3.000,000 acres be
tween this city and Yuma, Ariz. A de
cision in a suit affecting lands between
Needles and Mojave is expected soon.
COUNTERFEITERS CAPTURED.
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— The Police
Department has captured a couple of
counterfeiters and their outfits, together
with a large amount of counterfeit coin.
The men are Ed Rogers of Portland, Or.,
and L. D. Armstrong, who has lived here
for some time. Besides the dies, molds,
crucibles and other implements, the de
tectives found a room full of merchan
dise, which had been purchased with the
spurious money. The coins are very fine
counterfeits.
To Cure Headache in 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis 1 Anti-Headache. All Druggists. •
CONSIDERING
APPOINTMENTS
California Delegation Has
Decided Upon Federal
Positions.
Jake Shaen for Assistant Ap
praiser and Harry Morsa
for Marshal.
Representative Loud Will Continue
to Act Independent of the Cau
cus of Colleagues.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Risers House,
Washington, March 15.
A number of Federal appointments
are being considered by the California
delegation. The Call correspondent
learned to-night that Jake Shaen will
be made Assistant Appraiser of Mer
chandise at San Francisco. Colonel
Bonesell of Los Angeles has been de
cided on for manager of the National
Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica. Chair
man Hull of the Military Affairs Com
mittee of the House, who has hereto
fore supported Colonel Smedberg of
San Francisco, has signified to the Cal
ifornia delegation his willingness to
appoint Colonel Bonesell.
The appointment of a pension agent
at San Francisco and a marshal for the
Northern District of California and
register and receiver of the Land Office
at San Francisco are soon to be made.
It is understood that Representative
Loud is in favor of Colonel B. T. Smith
of San Francisco for pension agent and
Harry Morse for marshal. Senator
Perkins says he will, as usual, invite
Congressman Loud to participate in the
next caucus to be held by the delega
tion to consider these appointments,
but it is doubtful whether Loud will
Join his colleagues.
Perkins intimated to-night that if
Loud felt disposed to Join his col
leagues of the delegation in a caucus
his recommendation of men to fill
these two offices would probably, be
heeded by his associates. Loud, how
ever, feels that he has not been treat
ed with proper consideration in the
past, and as he has already secured
seA'eral good Federal appointments,
without calling upon his associates to
Join him in the recommendation, he
will probably choose to continue his
independent course.
RAILWAY THROUGH
BROWNS VALLEY
Project Fostered by the
Marysville Improvement
Association.
Proposes to Stretch Bands of Steel
Prom the Town to the Oregon
House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVII.T/E, March 15.— Some ten
years ago the citizens of this district sub-
Bcribed to a survey of a railroad from
this city to the Oregon House, via
Browns Valley. The survey and report
were made by T. OT. Recce and are now
In the hands of the Marysville Improve
ment Association.
At a recent meeting of the association
the project of encouraging capital to in
terest itself in this road was the sole
topic of discussion. The proposed route
for the railroad, which may be operated
by electricity, is shown by Surveyor
Recce's map to be as follows: To fol
low the line of the Browns Valley grade
and levee out of Marysville to the high
land on the Ayer place, near Smartsvllle,
thence skirting the foothills to run one
mile west of Browns Valley and follow
the west side of Dry Creek nine miles,
where a crossing is made, thence along
the east aide of Dry Creek to the termi
nus at the junction of the Bangor, Lia
Porte and Downieville roads, a distance
of twenty-six and one-half miles from
Marysville.
The maximum grade is at the seven
teenth mile, where it is 100 feet per mile,
which grade is carried for four miles.
This, the surveyor suggests, may be de
creased by a slight increase in the length.
The estimate of the cost at construction
and equipment is $247,420. The item of
excavation is $24,150, based at a cost of 35
cents per cubic yard, and embankment
$22.6f>0, at a cost of 22 cents per cubic
yard. The cost of equipment is $200,000.
The estimated annual income, based on
the hauling of 4408 tons of freight, is
$40,149, and the profits $20,075.
With the lumber mills in operation a
box and door factory would find a good
field 'in Marysville and much trade that
goes in other directions would be diverted
this way. The quartz mills that are in
operation all through Yuba County's
mountainous district would add to the
road's income.
At the next meeting of the Marysville
Improvement Association a proposition
will be submitted to raise a subsidy
toward inviting capital to take up this
project.
GUESTS WILL VISIT
BLOOMING ORCHARDS.
San Jose Invites Visitors From F^ar
and Near to Partake of Her
Hospitality.
SAN JOSE, March 15.— At a meeting
this evening of the committee recently
appointed to arrange for a bud and blos
som carnival it was decided to invite vis
itors to this city and county on Saturday,
March 26, to see the magnificence of thou
sands of acres of blooming orchards..
Prune buds are further advanced than
usual and by March 26 orchards will be
in full blossom. Owing to the short time
in which to make preparations the bud
and blossom carnival was postponed un
til next spring, when one of the greatest
fetes ever witnessed will be held here.
Excursion trains will be run from San
Francisco and other bay points on Satur
day, March 26. and it is expected thou
sands of visitors will be present. Car
riages will be at the depot to meet all
trains and visitors will be driven through
the orchards. Lunchoon will be supplied
and the guests otherwise entertained. A
fund will be raised by subscription among
business men to advertise the event and
a committee was appointed to procure re
duced rates 'from the railroad company.
Two Winning Favorites.
NEW ORLEANS. March 15.— Mazeppa
and Mount Washington were the winning
favorites to-day. Weather fine, track
fast. Results:
One , mile, selling, Joe Shelby won, Ben
Frost second, Ben Walker third. Time
1:42. : ' v-:f ,■■ ;,:->.-, - .■• ■'
• Four furlongs, two-year-olds, Freehand
won. r Dolly Regent second, Nellie Prince
third. -? Time, :49. - .', : •
.; Six furlongs, selling, Mazeppa won, Mag
gie S second, ncas third. Time 1:15.
. One and an eighth miles, handicap, over
four • hurdles. Brakeman : won. ■ Partner
second, *Arezzo third. Time, 2:04*4.
t One v mile,': selling, ;, Mount ~ Washington
won, Tago second, Jim Flood third. Tinia,
1 . 4 ■-
: i One and an eighth miles, selling, Doro
.thy 111 won, Elyrla second, Bizarre thirl,
Time! l:oo. ■ ■ v->v -> - v ; ,-•■.■.-■.,
IRENE LYNCH
YET CONCEALED
Detectives Fail to Find the
Girl on the City of
Puebla.
However, It Is Pretty Certain
That She Was Abducted by
a Notorious Woman.
Now the Father Speeds to Seattle to
Intercept His Daughter at
That City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 15.— William
Lynch is in the city looking for his
daughter Irene, a girl of 14 years, who
left her home in San Francisco on
Wednesday, and is supposed to have
come north on the steamer City of Pu
ebla, which arrived this morning—ab
ducted by a keeper of a brothel in one
of the northern cities.
Irene, who is said to be a musical
prodigy, left her home on Wednesday
morning to purchase music, and since
then she has not been seen by her par
ents, but on making Investigations her
father came to the conclusion she had
been kidnaped by a woman well known
on the Coast as a keeper of brothels.
At the request of Mr. Lynch the po
lice telegraphed from San Francisco,
and Detectives Perdue and Palmer met
the City of Puebla on her arrival from
San Francisco yesterday morning, and
on the steamer City of Kingston came
the father, who had hurried up by the
overland route to endeavor to inter
cept the abductor of his daughter.
The Puebla was searched thoroughly,
the officers going through every state
room and looking in every available
place from stem to stern, but no trace
of the girl could be found.
The father had about given up hope
and intended returning to San Fran
cisco, when from one of the passen
gers who came up on the Puebla was
learned the fact that there was a girl
on the boat answering the description
of the missing one and that she was
accompanied by a woman.
It is supposed that the girl was se
creted during the vessel's stay in Vic
toria, and that she went on to Seattle.
Lynch will leave for Seattle to-morrow
morning to continue his search.
PHYSICIANS SUE
FOR THEIR FEES
Estate of George D. McLean
Defendant in an Action
for Over $20,000.
L. R. Ellert Has Been Assigned the
Claims and Ho Appears as
Plaintiff.
A suit was filed yesterday by I* R. El
lert against the estate of George D. Me-,
Lean, who died on. November 5 last, to re
cover $23,915, the sum being the aggregate
bills of Drs. Henry S. Welch and J. Per
rault, who treated the deceased for a
month prior to his death. For his serv
ices Dr. Welch asks for $14,350, and his as
sociate places the value of his labors at
$9565. Both claims have been assigned to
L. R. Ellert, and he asks the court to ren
der judgment for the full amount sued
for. alleging that the services of the phy
sicians are reasonably worth the sum
prayed for.
George D. McLean was taken ill on the
sth of October of lJ*6t year and' he re
tsrined the physicians mentioned to admin
ister to him. The malady with which he
was affected gained in severity from day
to day, and on the sth of the following
month he succumbed. The physicians
placed their demands in the hands of the
executors of the estate, but payment was
refused. In consequence they placed the
matter In the hands of L. R. Ellert and
suit was filed yesterday. Rumors that a
compromise will be effected are already
current. .
MME. DBEYFX7S' PETITION.
Asks That She Be Permitted to
i Share Her Husband's Exile.
NEW YORK, March 15.— A Paris cable
says that the Government has been peti
tioned by Mme. Dreyfus for permission
to share her husband's exile. She under
takes to submit to the same disciplinary
regime as does her husband.
-;' ♦ 1 • .
Los Angeles Fiesta.
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— The com
mittee having in charge the arrangement
of a programme for the Fiesta held an
nually in this city has presented the fol
lowing programme for the celebration of
this year: The Fiesta will open on Tues
day evening, May 3. with a grand mas
querade ball. On Wednesday afternoon
will be a grand street masquerade, in
which prizes will be given. A grand con
cert will be held on Wednesday evening.
On Thursday the rates and athletic sports
will take place, and on that evening will
be the grand night parade of floats, em
blematic of the "Stories of Gold." Friday
will be floral day, with a water carnival
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men wno suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving "treneth
and development Just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natur-u
functions and has been an absolute sup
cess in all cases. A request to the StatP
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne. Ind.. statin X that
you desire one of their free trial Dark
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great c'asa
at men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed The in
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sarn^fe
carefully sealed in a plain packaJp «fn
that its recipient need have P o fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Reader* arc
requested to writs without delay. n
in the evoiing, and Saturday morning the
Queen will receive the school children.
Swell Living Pictures.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Living pic
tures, in winch. some of the most fashion
able women posed, were presented
night in the bait room of the Waldorf-
Astoria for the benefit of t ho Society of
Decorative Ait. Th< m of thu
(.•veiling was the tableau "Coone,"
Kemble, in which Mrs. Frederick
hardt and Miss Morris were veritable
negresses.
Nearly a quarter of all cases of In
sanity are hereditary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
toji fHsj^Tf! woman has
ff"]^|^<UaL-<(vi.*the right to be a
.-r^gjKMS i helpless, sick,
o?^^Jlk^ I nervous, fretful
Fi^lmMi^^ burden to her hus-
' Vv.l^ * s u e to k er Own
©SsliisiCoa .vVi^/.Si' ignorance or nepr-
SSEsssSiSa rTv.r* "of herself and loot
■miU *J after the health of
the delicate organs that are the most import,
ant parts of her physical make-up, she will
6oon be a healthy, amiable | helpmate, in.
stead of a burden to the partner of her joyj
and sorrows. No women who suffers from
weakness and disease of the distinctly wo-
martty organism can be a good, helpful wife
to an ambitious man. It is easy to keep
these organs healthy and vigorous.
- The most wonderful medicine for women
is Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription.; It
acts directly on the organs that make her a
woman. It cures all weakness and disease.
It allays inflammation, soothes pain, and
permits the tortured nerves to resume their
natural condition. It stops all weakening
drains and the woman who has hitherto
been nervous, weak and fretful becomes
robust, helpful and happy. Thousands of
happy women, who were once pain-tortured
and miserable, testify to its virtues. All
good druggists sell it.
"I write you these few lines to let you know
the good your • Favorite Prescription ' did my
wife," writes Dennis H. Connelly. Esq., of Clear
Water, Wright Co.. Minn. '" Previous to mother-
hood she was very sick. She could not do her
own work until she took two bottles of ' Favorite
Prescription.' She took her Doctor's medicine
but it did her no good. ■ Your medicine is the
best my wife ever had."
Have you a good reliable medical book
in the house? There ought to be one iv
every family in the world. Of all the med-
ical books published there is not one so
comprehensive and reliable as Dr. Pierces
Common Sense Medical Adviser. In all its
1,008 pages there is not one sentence that
may not be readily understood. No phy-
sician in the world has been a greater bene-
factor than has Dr. Pierce. The best ha
knows is in this book. It is illustrated with
over 300 plates and drawings. It talks about
hundreds of ailments and tells you how to
rure them. You may have this book for the
?ost o r nailing it. If you want the book
m paper covers serid 21 one-cent stamps,
id cover the cost of mailing only. For cloth
.•over send 31 stamps. World's Dispefcrary
fcedical Association. Fi'Talo. N. Y.
A MEDICAL SENSATION
One Week's Medicine and One Week's
Treatment Free. A Treatment So Per-
fected for Chronic Diseases That Any
Sufferer Is Challenged to Test It Free.
't CALL* COUPON! MMIO
CALL COUPON.
;; Mr I
1 Address...... '
0 This entitles bearer to a Free Con'
" sultation and a thorough Exjmina' ' '
\ \ Uon, including a chemical and micro- \ \
.1 scopical examination of all pathologi- n
' ' cal specimens ; also one week's '
\' treatment and medicine free. . '
t English & German Expert Specialists, j
( 731 MARKET ST. !,
»♦——"- g
WHAT THIS MEANS.
OVER FIVE HUNDRED .TESTED THH
English and German expert specialists'
: treatment during: the last 10 days. Now, if
! there is a ' "Doubting Thomas" in California
Buffering frdm any chronic disease that has lost
faith in doctors, let him come to 731 Market
i street, San Francisco, and the English »nd
I German expert specialists will (rive - him on«
I week's treatment without charge. What U
more fair? If you can't be cured they don't
want your money. The English and German
expert specialists are masters of chronic dis-
eases, if they were not they would nut let you
test their treatment Free.
PRIVATE BOOK for MEN and PRIVATE
BOOK for WOMEN. Also SYMPTOM
; BLANKS sent sealed, prepaid to any
• address. / ;
<J>K CATARRH CURED. d>C
*PO ALL MEDICINES FREE. **°
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
(Incorporated for $250,000),
731 Market Street.
Hours, 8 to 5; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 11.
OFFICE DESKS.
LARGE VARIETY.
DESKS Bjjjlj|| DESKS
DESKS j|Sii DESKS
Get. Our Prices Before Buying. \
GED. H. FULLER DESK GO,,
* - ■ : 638-640 MISSION STREET.
PCfcleke«ter'* EncHth SilßMd Bml
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<JST*V Original and Only Genuine A.
SArc, alwaj» rvltible. ladies ask
-£.(( VKMf Drussirt tbr'ChiehrittT'i Englith *'ia-Jnps\
tr^HJO^B^mon.i Brand la Ko4 and Held metallic Vug?
•fc^ —^iwS^xes. sealed with blno ribbon. Take Vw^
■W «^svJnoothrr. Rrfuu dmgermw mbttitu- V
; I"/ — nftiorj and imitation*. At Dragr»<«. or teui 4*.
I W .M In stuapi lor particulars, testimonial and
[»» 0 " Kellcf for L,o«Jl«-«." in letcrr, br r-tara
I »i fir Mail. 1 0,00© Tf*ttmoniali. *•««, Jayrr.
~^—*»f^?tilnh»tyrt hsmlc»lC».,Maa<a— a^aacek
mt by all Local DrncirUt*. . I*llll. A.. »'*•
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful .-phrodisiac and specific : tonio
for the sexual : and urinary, organs of botii
sexes, and a great remedy . for , diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A greit Restorative,
Invigorator - and Nervine. . Sells on Its own
I Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
S2S Market , Street, 8. P.— (Send for Circular.)
• v^ ~-■/.-..~ -■/.-.. - . -
q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
f§gm^ Museum of Anatomy
I r|rl\ ICSI MA22E " ST. tat. Ctfc* 7th, S.P. Cii.
■ J| 6 | : The Largest ofits kind In ttu'WorlA.
a^^l\ DR# J °RDAN— Private Diseases.
ft\Kß m. Coniulu;lon free. Xfrif for Bo«k
H I of Carriage.
*" MAILED FNCC.
■t OPIUM
The p«r« ossentlal extract from the BRtlvo dm r. Con*
-!,„„. t. v ftluab ° medicinal properties of Oplnn*'
without . <ts " oxloOß ?loments. No sicknesa cr stonvrb»'
no Tomit.ns »_no_costtveneya ; no heaOaeao. AUDrujK^ta.
———»■■> w— «.« i n.»— ii-miiiMuj
f-'st4£fifitS&^£»r* M f.ij fill » non-po{sono':a
romody for (ionorrhu-a,
yfSjpfc^cCKtb^lJj Gleet, Spermatori hies,
jßf in lto j -Uys. Whites; unnatural .!■:■.-
KwfZJ • Gnirinutd V^ charges, or any inflamraa-
6*l/ to Itr:ctQr ?- lor..l 'or.. irritation, or ulcera-
g—^rTevents eontagioo. tion cf mucOUB meixi-
KVarHEEvANSCHEMirMLOo. «Cos. Nou-astxingfut.
Va^CINCiNHATi.O BBBi I SoW by DratT3>*t3,
C. S. a. JBft sont in plain wrapper,
OK»^^_>ksh b y express, prepaid, lot
vSSßHteft*^ 11 1 .- 00 ' or 3 buttles, «2.7*.
, . ' wimt'Htr S3 Oircuiar Kiit ou n«uorti
- .- i-, . : ;■--•->..■ ■ - •■*■■."...,...•-. ... ... ■ ..:i... .. . -SUZERANITY
NOW DENIED
South African Republic
Will Not Heed Great
Britain's Claim.
President Kruger Hurls the
Lie at Ex-Chief Justice
Kotze.
The Transvaal's ExecutiveSays"We
Shall Show That We Are a
Government"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PRETORIA. March ir>.— A wide
spread sensation has been caused by
the declaration of former Chief Jus
tice Kotze. while addressing a deputa
tion on Sunday, that when the case of
Mr. Brown, the American engineer,
with claims against the Transvaal
Government, pending in the courts,
was awaiting judgment, subsequently
given In his favor, President Kruger,
in an Interview with him (Judge Kot
ze) threatened him with dismissal un
less he obeyed the Volksraad resolu
tion.
At a special session of the Volks
raad to-day President Kruger declared
Jucige Kotze's statement false, and
Baid: "The devil himself never spoke
v greater lie."
Having given ' s version nf the mat
ter President Kruger, turning to the
j litieal situation, said that people
\\ er«e jealous of the country's indepen
dence and the progress it was making.
No one knew what was going to hap
pen, but they must stand together.
The Government, he declared, had re
plied to the British dispatch and the re
ply would be published directly. He
knew that it had reached the hands of
Mr. Chamberlain. President Kruger
concluded his speech exclaiming, "We
shall show that we are a Government."
(Loud cheers.)
His declaration? left the impression
that the Government'? reply denies the
British claim to suzerainty.
Judge Kotze has published his notes
supporting: his statement as to the in
terview with President Kruger. He
declares that he regards himself as
still the Thief Justice of the Pupr^me
Court until properly tried. He •will
first appeal to the people for redress
and if that fails him, he says, he is
bnund to prosecute his rights in other
quarters and to appeal to the Queen's
Government.
LONDON, March 15.— There is rea
son to believe. Bays the Johannesburg
correspondent r <f the Times, that at a
meeting: of members of the Volksraad,
at President Kruger'a residence yes
terday, strong opinions ■were expressed
against admitting the claim of British
suzerainty and it was decided to allow
the Government to take advantage of
any complications in which Great
Pritain might become involved else
where.
ATTEMPT TO LIBERATE
MURDERER DOUGLAS.
OOPKN. March 15. — A daring scheme
having for its purpose the liberation of
John Douglas, the wife murderer, was un
£arl ' iyi A steel drill was found
in Douglas 1 cell, and an iron bar which
had been used to pry off the pteoi casings.
Sheriff Belknap at 4 o'clock this morning
heard a whistle. Hf ran <~n.it and saw a
man run down Twenty-fourth street. The
fellow got away. An examination of the
windows showed a hole through which
the bar had been passed in. Douglas de-
all knowledge of the bars or the ef-
Mfort to deliver him. I
MANGLED BY A LEOPARD.
How Trainer Canihac Was Attacked hu Spitfire at the Chutes.
Curled up in a corner of her cage
at the Chutes, Spitfire, the hand
somest and most dangerous leopard
that ever exhibited her feline
charms to a San Francisco audi
ence, dozed as peacefully all day
yesterday as though she had never
a thought of mangling the man who
attempted to subjugate her will to
his.
Seemingly fndifferent to the
crowds that gazed upon her through
the slender bars that held her cap
tive, Spitfire was a picture of se
renity. The fury that had possessed
her but a few hours before had
vanished and as she slept she
purred as contentedly as the most
domesticated tabby that ever
nestled on a hearth rug.
In repose th» beast is not at all
formidable looking and it is evident
that she does not know her own
strength. If she did the bars that
front her cage would offer feeble re
sistance were .she seized with the
desire to sally forth. Maybe Spitfire
will never awaken to a full realiza
tion of her prowess. When she
sprang upon her trainer, Monday,
and sank her fangs deep into his
shoulder, she was beaten off by
other attendants and driven cow
ering into a corner, while her victim
was dragged out of her reach. It
was the same three days before,
when she mangled the same train
er's foot. In both instances she was
cheated of her prey — before she had
fairly whetted her appetite with his
TEARS SHED AT
ROSECRANS` BIER
Veterans Take a Last
Look at Their Old
Commander.
Many Weep as They Gaze at
the Face of the Dead
Warrior.
Twenty Thousand People Pass by
the Remains as They Lay
in State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— Over 20,
000 people viewed the remains of Gen
eral W. S. Rosecrans as they lay in
state in the Council chamber at the
City Hall to-day. The throng was a
ceaseless and unending one from 10 a.
ni. to 6 p. m. Aa soon as the Council
chamber was thrown open there was a
gathering of 1500 people in the corri
dors of the hall and in the street wait
ing for an opportunity to view the re
mains of the departed hero.
The scene as the casket was borne
from the undertaking establishment to
the City Hail was a most impressive
one.
A military escort had been formed
and as the casket was borne to the
street the squad of infantry preceded
the pall bearers and opened order with
uncovered heads. A detail of troopers
surrounded the hearse. The pall bear
ers followed on foot, while the infantry
squad preceded the hearse and its cav
alry escort. When the casket arrived
at the hall the Councilmen had assem
bled and met the cortege at the en
trance. Headed by the Mayor and
President, the procession formed and
the casket was taken to the Council
Chamber, where it was placed on a
heavily draped bier in the center of the
chamber. Here the people viewed it
throughout the day. Those who knew
the general in his lifetime state that
death had in no way changed his stern
and noble features.
Many touching scenes were witnessed
in the darkened room as the spectators
slowly passed the coffin. Many grizzled
old veterans gave way to tears, and one
of them turned back again and again
to gaze on his old commander and
wept in spite of Ms efforts to ■ estrain
himself. Another grim-visaged man
with a Grand .Army badge on his
breast and a perceptible limp that gave
a suspicion of battle wounds burst into
tfta».rs as he looked on the face of the
dead. He tenderly caressed the battle
scarred and smoke-begrimed flag that
lay in folds across the foot of the
coffin.
Doubtless there came to him one of
those Milting memory glimpses of the
fierce struggle Carnifex Ferry, when
the noble chief before him, full of life.
vigor ami resold- dashingly led his
forces against General Fluyd and de
feated the Southern warrior. The tear
dimmed eyes turned again on the face
of the dead general and the veteran
passed on out. A great number of old
soldiers were similarly affected at the
sight of their old leader stretched in
death.
The council chamber had been fit
tingly prepared for the reception of
the remains.
The forum had been moved back and
over and about it were banked numer
ous pots of the pure white azalea in all
the magnificent beauty of full bloom.
The entire floor had been cleared.
About the walls were draped American
flags, together with festoons of crepe
and long, graceful loops of smilax. No
life blood and, remembering this, the
leopard may submit without protest in
the* future to the efforts of her captors
to subdue her. But she is of a species
the Ftrongest characteristic of which is
treachery, and having tasted blood,
Spitfire would belie her sex and kind
were she to forget. Some day when her
fury is aroused to its highest pitch, she
will cease to fear tho iron bars in the
hands of her tormentors, will forget
she is a captive, and forgetting, .she
will rend apart the frail partition that
separates her from freedom and then
she can select her human repast from
among those who may happen to be in
the arena.
Though suffering Intense pain from
his recent hurt, J. F. Canihac, the train
er, who has twice within a week felt
Spitfire's fangs buried in his flesh, de
clares he will yet make the brute obey
his every command. And Canihac
means what he says. In a little room
beside the pax-ilion on the grounds, the
sufferer is being tenderly nursed by his
associates, and is given the best medi
cal attention, and he says he will be
able to give Spitfire another lesson in
obedience in two or three weeks. His
right arm is fearfully torn, great strips
of flesh and sinew having been torn
from the bone, but never a word of
complaint does he utter.
Canihac is a Frenchman who has
handled wild animals all his life. Since
the establishment of the Zoo at the
Chutes he has been employed as one of
the trainers, his duties consisting
in part in teaching the leopards
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; MARCH 16, 1898.
floral designs were permitted in the
chamber.
To-morrow the funeral of General
Rosecrans will take place from the
cathedral. The pallbearers have been
selected from Union and Confederate
veterans.
At a regular meeting of Camp 770,
United Confederate Veterans, Confed
erate Veterans' Association of Califor
nia, held here to-day to take action in
regard to the death of General W. S.
Rosecrans the following sentiments
were unanimously adopted:
Among the great, leaders of the Union
armies General Rosecrans was conspicu
ous for all the qualities that brave men
love. Courageous, chivalrous, magnani
mous, he commanded the affections of his
own soldiers and compelled the admira
tion of the Confederates. His brilliant
record illumes his country's history. His
justice and consideration for a defeated
people have endeared him to their hearts.
Our own camp has experienced his noble
courtesy. "We were his friends, he was
ours. In common with all of our fellow
citizens throughout the Union we mourn
tho nation's loss; but we feel a personal
bereavement in the death of this truly
great man, who among the latest acts of
his glorious life remembered us and sent
us his kindly greetings. A jewel in the
crown of his splendid career.
In testimony of the respect and affec
tion we bear for this exalted patriot and
Christian soldier, we will place a floral
decoration upon his bier and will attend
his obsequies in a body.
Resolved, That this tribute be spread
upon the records of our camp and a copy
be Bent to the family of this hero, whom
we proudly hailed as friend.
A. M. Fri.KERSON, Adjutant,
S. R. THORPE, Commander.
KASSON SAID HE HAD
WIFE AND CHILDREN
Admission Made to a Friend by the
Rich San Joaquin County-
Rancher.
STOCKTON, March 15.— At the opening
of the Kasson will contest this morning
Judge Jones suggested that in considera
tion of the number of attorneys repre
senting the various litigants it would ex
pedite matters if the defendants single
out one spokesman to represent their
side during the direct examination. To
this all the attorneys acquiesced.
A. J. P. Wltthouse, a Fresno County
fruit raiser, testified that he had worked
for Kasson in 1855, and that Kasson had
told him he had a wife, a son and a
daughter in St. Louis; that the son looked
like him, but the daughter did not and
that she might not be his daughter. The
witness described Kasson as looking rery
much like George W. Lindy, the claimant
to the Kasson estate, which is estimated
to be valued at nearly $200,000. W. A.
Hurst, a Tracy barber, testified that Kas
son had told him that he was married
and had children. The case has excited
considerable interest here and promises
to occupy the attention of the court for
many days.
MrLLEB, NOT GUILTY.
Monterey County.s Auditor Acquit-
ted on a Serious Charge.
SALINAS. March 15.— The case of the
people vs. County Auditor George S. Mil
ler, which has been occupying the atten
tion of a jury in the Superior Court In
this city, was finished to-day. The jury
after a short deliberation returned a ver
dict of not guilty. Auditor Miller was
charged with criminal negligence in office
for having permitted the Tax Collector
of 1896 to embezzle county funds.
— * —
FINISHES AT AGNEW.
State Senate Committee Completes Its
Inspection.
SAX JOSE, March 15.— The Senate com
mittee which has been inspecting Agnews
Insane Asylum completed its sessions at
that institution this evening. Medical Di
rector Sponogle and Steward Young were
examined as to the workings in their de
partments. To-morrow the committee
will visit the Normal School.
tricks. There are three of those,
two of which arc fairly well trained.
Spitfire, however. Is a recent acqui
sition and so far has shown little
inclination to absorb such knowl
edge as will enhance her value as a
show animal. Up to last Saturday
all three were kept in the same
cage, but that day, when Canihac
went in to give them their daily
lesson. Spitfire resented the intru
sion by stizing his foot and lacer
ating it quite seriously. After that
she was placed in a cage by herself
where Canihac thought she could
be more easily handled. Monday
when he went into her cage he
found her surly and little inclined
to perform. The trainer's face was
protected from her claws by abase
ball mask. His right hand was
encased in a heavy boxing glove to
shield it from her teeth, and in his
left hand he held a chair to keep
her from springing upon him.
The lesson had hcirdly begun
when Spitfire backed into a corner
and before Canihac could raise the
chair she sprang upon him, burying
her teeth in his right shoulder.
Then the attendants rushed up and
beat her off, while the victim stag
gered through the little door and
was carried to his room, the blood
streaming from his wounds.
Spitfire, crouching in her cage,
licked her massive jaws with relish.
She had tasted human blood, and
who can tell when she will crave
for more?
CHOSEN AS
SUCCESSOR
TO CHASE
A. B. Spreckels Elected
President of the State
Board of A£ri=
Gulture.
SACRAMENTO, .March 15.— The State Board of Agriculture held a meet-
Ing to-day for the purpose of electing a president for the ensuing year.
Directors Boggs, Matthews, Wilson, Spreckels, Terry, Cox, Mackey and Pres
ident Chase were present.
When nominations for president were declared in order by the chair
man. Director Boggs presented the name of Director A. B. Spreckels for
the important office. No other nominations were made, and Mr. Spreckels
received the unanimous vote of the board.
Mr. Spreckels, In accepting the ofliee, said that he would use his best
efforts for the success of the society. He said, also, that he would give
the office the required time and attention, and hoped to receive the able
support of the members of the board.
On motion of Director Matthews, the thanks of the board were deliv
ered to the retiring president, C. M. Chase, for the efficiency and faithfulness
shown by him in conducting the affairs of the society for the past three
years, he having at all times been fair and impartial In his rulings and
dealings with the society.
After electing J. W. Wilson superintendent of the park and W. P.
Matthews superintendent of the pavilion, the board adjourned to the call
of the chair. President Spreckels will name the various committees within
the next few days.
The office of the president of the State Board of Agriculture is a most
important one. The president is also a member of the Board of Regents of
the State University. President Spreckels, in succeeding President Chase
in the Agricultural Board, also succeeds him as one of the regents of the
university.
J. \V. Wilson, who was elected superintendent of the park. Is well
known throughout the State. He was at one time Sheriff of Sacramento
County, and is at present one of the judges at the Ingleside track. He
was recently tendered the office of Chief of Police of Sacramento City, but
declined.
W. P. Matthews is also well known, having served several terms in
the State Legislature, at one time being Speaker. He was State Librarian
several years ago.
ASLEEP IN THE
PATH OF DEATH
James Vorden Killed by a
North-Bound Train at
Redwood City.
Dozed on « Tresti© Near the Depot
and Lost His Life Through His
Fool hard in ess.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, March 15.— James
Vorden, while sitting upon a trestle at
this place this morning, was struck by the
9-47 northbound train and killed. Just
what his condition was at the time no one
seems to know, but it is thought he had
cone to sleep and was unaware of the
approach of the cars. The trestle upon
which he was sitting is not more than a
couple of hundred yards from the depot,
and the trains usually slow up considera
bly before reaching it. The track is
straight from this point south for several
m its nnd there was nothing to prevent
the railroad employes seeing the man and
a vorde g n t forme C rl dd yey cn worked for the rail
rold company as a section hand, and
topped^ m n Redwood City last summer
whiethe section men were repairing the
track in this vicinity. He was well edu
cated and of good appearance. He leaves
a mother, livlngjln^Oakland.
SUBSIDIARY COINAGE.
Favorable Report on the Bill Au
thorizing it.
WASHINGTON, March IB.— The House
Committee on Coinage, Weights and
Measures to-day reported favorably the
bill authorizing the coinage of subsidiary
Bilver coin from bullion purchased under
the Sherman act and also coining of dam
aged or worn subsidiary coin now in the
Treasury. A minority report was sub
mitted by Bland, Maxwell, Ridgely,
Cooper and Cochrane.
SANTA CLARA ON THE
EVE OF AN ELECTION
Politicians Busily at Work Getting
Forces Into Line for the
Struggle.
SAN JOSE. March 15.— Much interest Is
being taken in the town election to be
held at Santa Clara on April 4. The nom
inations have been made and the politi
cians are busy getting their forces in
line. The ticket to be voted for is as fol
lows: Town Trustees (three to be elect
ed)— S. Oberdeener, D. O. Druffel, Thomas
Craliam and George Bray; School Trus
tees (two to be elected)— J. C. Morrison,
Charles Moore and George H. Worrall;
Town Clerk. Emll G. Hirsch; Town Treas
urer (one to be elected)— William M. Bur
nop, "Charles R. Kimberlin and W. L.
Starr; Town Marshal (one to be elected) —
John Lovell and L. T. Thompson; Super
intendent of Schools, A. L. Kellogg.
Bids for Projectiles.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— Abstracts
for bids for furnishing the War Depart
ment with projectiles to the amount of
about $600,000 were completed this after
noon. The awards will be made to-mor
row.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
.'.Tisfas-. jf . - ... . :'■ ■■ -' - _ ,
/ simile /*Tgf ■ . SSI?* mm '~Z^^^ * 8 99
GAMBLERS BACK
IN SACRAMENTO
A General Reopening of
Illegal Games at the
State Capital.
Their Operators Make No At
tempt to Guard Against
Publicity.
■ ■
Chief of Police Dwyer Declares That
He Will Again Drive Them
Out.
* Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. March 15. —There
was a general reopening of gambling
games throughout the city to-night.
Several have ben running all day. There
is an apparent feeling of indifference as
to the publicity given them, and no at
tempt whatever Is made to conceal the
fact that everything has been "turned
wide open."
The opening of the games to-day was
the subject of general discussion on the
streets, and until the Mayor and the
Chief of Police have been given a fair
and sufficient opportunity to enforce
the law the citizens are inclined to sus
pend judgment. If, on the other hand,
it becomes apparent that there is a
well-concerted movement on hand to
again give every kind of game full sway
there will be some very interesting de
velopments within the near future.
Those who are going: to take up the
fight against the gamblers have not
shown their hand, but when they do
there is very apt to be another exodus
into the tule basin of Yolo County.
The gamblers in such an event will be
between two fires, as the officials of
Yolo now declare that no more illegal
gambling shall be carried on in that
county.
Chief of Police Dwyer was seen by
The Call correspondent to-night and
said:
"At 6 o'clock to-night I gave orders
to the captain to direct every officer of
the night force to arrest and close ev
ery game where illegal gambling was
being carried on. If these orders ar*.
not obeyed to the letter, I shall visit
th places in person to-morrow night
and close every one of them."
An officer who was standing near de
clared that he had heard the Chief's
order, and it was exactly as stated.
COLONEL FINIGAN
STILL A PAUPER.
SAN RAFAEL,, March 15. — Colonel
Peter A. Finigan cam 0 out on top in to
day's proceedings in the Finigan divorce
case, and the County Jail is not to be
his abiding place. The order to show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt in falling to pay Mrs. Finigan
alimony and costs was dismissed by Su
perior Judge Angellotti late this after
noon.
Colonel Finigan took tne witness stand
in his <>wn behalf and proved an enter
taining and humorous witness. He flatly
contradicted the testimony of Mrs. Fini
gan in regard to diamonds which Mrs.
Finigan possesses at the present time.
The wife swore that Colonel Finigan gave
them to her on their wedding day. On
the stand to-day Colonel Finigan, without
the slightest hesitation, said that he did
not give the diamonds to Mrs. Finigan;
that they were not his, but were left by
his first wife to his daughters, and that
Mrs. Finigan took the gems away from
the girls and kept them.
When asked what business he was in
Colonel Finigan replied that all he did
was to attend court. Finigan, in speak
ing of his property, declared that he
"never hid nothing" from his wife. The
piano Mrs. Finigan testified to as being
worth $1000 the colonel said was old and
"tinny" and brought when sold by his
attorney for a fee only Jl5O.
Mrs. Finigan's attorney failed to con
vince Judge Angellotti that the colonel
still possessed money or valuables, and
so the citation for contempt was dis
missed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O©O©OOOOCX3QO©©CXX3OCKXXX>^
1 A Physical Giant! 1
IS HE PERFECTION of THAT great FORCE known AS man- 55
; O;S 1 ly strength is a work of Nature. Thousands of men have been gift- wq
8d ed with a constitution fit to build such a physical structure upon, but «X
XV. they have wasted the material that makes the muscle-vitality. A man ££
XV who has exhausted his vital strength by excesses and bad habits has »£
,So weakened his physical structure, and he will always be a weak, half- Aq
iVO man," until he gets it back. There is one great vitalizer. £X
I Dr. Sanders Electric Belt. I
iBx No man knows what wonders this famous Belt accomplishes until Og
18 he feels its inspiring, invigorating life flowing through his nerves. But «3
5? see the proofs of its great work-see the grand, powerful men _ who SO
g - praise it. for it has made them what they are— physical giants They «O.
Q are everywhere. Every town in the country has from one to ; twenty Q%9
Q men made strong by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. . OO
I Read Dr. Sanden's Book About It. J§
* This book is free. It tells how the Belt cures all the effects of early §8
» indiscretions,. such as Nervous and Physical Debility, Weak Kidneys, wX
X Weak Stomach, and other troubles. ;It tells of other men cured and the §Q
M prices It is free. Get it to-day. . . i$Q
V> CAMHI7W T7T 17PTPTP TO 32 Market St., Opposite Ss?
.*- bAINUIIIN hLtt\jli\Ly tU,, , Palace Hotel. San Francisco. VO
» Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles Cal.. Kg '
8204H South Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth
V street; Dallas, Tex.," 255 Main street. . - ■ _, ,. ■ :; - lr . t ' ' t ■-» jxjs
O NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— Market street. ' VjJ
X <^O^O^X^OOOO^OOO^^^>OOO0O : 0 : C o^3oooWf<X>OO^OX!W^^ OO
OOQOOiXiOOOOOOOOQOOQOOQOOQGOOOQCCOQOQQOOOOOOOQOOOQOQQO
COUNTY SEALER
ACT IS VALID
So the Attorney-General
Informed Governor
Budd.
San Diego's Request Refused
Until a Decision Was
Rendered.
Appointment Is Obligatory Upon th«
Demand of County Super
visors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 15.— The ap
pointment by Governor Budd yesterday
of J. F. Neely as sealer of weights and
measures for San Diego County was
not made, it seems, until Attorney-
General Fitzgerald had rendered th«
opinion that the Governor must acceda
to the request of the San Diego County
Supervisors. This was the first request
sent in under the act of 1891 creating
a standard of weights and measures In
this State and Governor Budd refused
to make the appointment until advised
by the Attorney-General. The follow
ing correspondence explains the situa-.
tion:
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 7, 1838.
Hon. W. F. Fitzgerald, Attorney-Gen
aral of California, San Francisco, Cal.-«
Sir: An application having been made to
the Governor by the Board of Supervisors
of San Diego County for the appointment
of a County Sealer. Governor Budd in
structs me to request you to advise him
whether or not tho appointment Is ob
ligatory.
This is the first application that haa
been presented. Respectfully yours,
J. M. TODMAN,
Executive Secretaxy.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald's reply
was as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, March 7, 1898.
Hon. James H. Budd. Governor of Call*
fornia, Sacramento, Cal.— Dear Sir: I am
in receipt of your communication or re
cent date, stating that an application has
been made to you by the Board of Su
pervisors of San Diego County for the
appointment of a "County Sealer" ana
asking me to advise you whether or not
such appointment is obligatory.
Section 3 of an act entitled "An act to
establish a standard of weights and
measures," approved April 6, 1&91, pro
vides: _ -
"It shall be the duty of the Governor of
the State of California to appoint, when-
I ever so requested to do by the Board or
Supervisors of any county, or city and
county, a County Sealer in even' county
of this State, who shall hold office for
four years from the date of appoint
ment." (Statutes 1891, 457.)
Assuming for the purpose of this opin
ion only that the act in question Is con
stitutional, I am of the opinion that when
an application is made by the Board of
Supervisors of any county for the ap
! pointment of such an officer it is obliga
tory upon you as Governor to make such
appointment. Respectfully,
W. F. FITZGERALD,
Attorney-General.
The Sealer's term is four years. Hia
pay is derived from fees.
DIRECTOR-GENERAL
HUTIN IN PANAMA.
With the Commission He Goes to In-
spect the Great Canal
Project.
PANAMA. March 13.— M. Hutln, di
rector-general in Paris of the Panama
Canal Company, arrived here to-day on
the steamer Alliance from New York.
He comes to inspect the works with the
canal commission which will arrive next
Saturday.
For a Naval Training Station.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— The Senate
Committee on Naval Affairs to-day au
thorized a favorable report to the amend
ment, to the naval appropriations bill ap
propriating* $100,000 for a naval training
station on Yerba Buena Island, Cal.
56
WEDNESDAY MARCH 16, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Martlet and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surroundlrjg towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month)
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE ft\&&a House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Mysterious Mr. Bugle."
Columbia— Primrose and West's Minstrel*
California— " Town Topics."
Alcazar— "The District Attorney."
Worosco's— "The English Kose."
Tlvoli— "The Geisha."
Orphfum— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Tempi*— Lecture on Phrenology.
Golden Gate "Cupid In California."
Y. M. Q. A. Auditorium— Violin Kt>clt;il.
Olynipla, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
The Chutes— Chiquita and Vaudeville,
California Jockey Club. Oakland— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Kaston. Eldrlciire & Co.— This day. March 16. Horses,
Wagons, etc. ot OK) Battery street, at 12 o'clock.
By Knill Conn— This day. March. 16. Furniture, at923)tf Folsom
street' at 11 o'clock.
By Frank W. Butterfleld-Thlsday, March 15, Furniture, at
1723 Market street, at 11 o'clock.
CANNOT SING THE OLD SONGS.
WHEN the Rev. A. M. Elston of Berkeley read
a paper attacking some of the best known and
best beloved of sacred songs he did a thing
so radical as to cause interest and surprise even out
side the field in which he labors. There are songs
so long sung by the cradle, at the place of worship,
the bed of the dying and the open grave that to
eliminate them must require more than a clerical ex
pression of disesteem.
Doubtless there are songs better never written,
which through some chance merit of melody find
room in the hymnal. But these do not last. That a
song survives generations is evidence enough that it
is worth keeping. Among those to which the rev
erend gentleman objects are a number not particu
larly familiar. But when he would set aside "Jesus,
Lover of My Soul," he will learn he has touched a
chord that will not respond. That old song is com
mon property. Probably there is no land where the
English tongue is spoken in which its familiar strain
has not been heard, awakening tender memories, call
ing the wanderer home. Mr. Elston may not ap
prove, but he may as well accept.
The quotation with which he fortifies his position
is peculiar in that it will strike people as new. It
fellows:
"Hide me, O my Savior, hide
Till the storm of life is past;
(Give me, Lord, a glorious ride).
And receive my soul at last."
This petition for a glorious ride was never in the
original, and it is not surprising that it should lack
indorsement. But no interpolation even in the hand
writing of a minister can mislead. It is not fair to
mar a stanza and then abuse the whole hymn. Some
more desperate assault than misquotation will be ne
cessary if people are to be educated out of a deep
seated regard for that which- they have long held to
be reverent, appealing and musical.
THE PURCHASED CRUISERS.
THE Naval Department has lost no time in
making use of the money voted by Congress to
provide for national defense, and already ne
gotiations have been completed for the purchase
from Brazil of two cruisers constructed by one of
the best ship-building firms of England. One of
these cruisers, it is announced, is sufficiently
equipped to put to sea and make the voyage to this
side of the Atlantic at once. The other will be made
ready as quickly as possible and sent over to join
her mate and take her place in our navy.
The purchases were made hastily of necessity. If
we are to have the use of the ships in the case of a
war with Spain it was imperative that they be placed
under the American flag before hostilities begin.
The lesson of the damages which the Rritish Govern
ment had to pay for the destructive work of the Ala
bama made a deep and lasting impression on the
minds of the statesmen of that country and they are
not going to be caught in a similar case again.
By the neutrality act passed by Parliament as a
sequel to the payment of the Alabama damages pro
vision is made for just such emergencies as that
which has now arisen. If either Spain or the United
States buys an unfinished ship in England they must
get it away from that country before war begins. The
delivery, arming and fitting out of such vessels in any
British port after war has begun is prohibited, and
an attempt to violate the law would result in a for
feiture of the vessel to the British Government.
It will be seen that if war is as imminent as now
appears the Naval Department has acted none too
hastily in the premises. It is a case of now or never
so far as getting ships built in England is concerned.
The Amazonas, being completed and ready for sea,
is safe enough for us even if war should break out to
morrow, but the other, in that contingency, would be
compelled to remain where she is, or at least to get
away from England before she could be outfitted as
a war vessel. Such is one of the results of making
John Bull pay the piper for the merry sea dance of
the Alabama.
Senator Mason's refusal to consider the proposi
tion a Spaniard has made him to mortal combat will
be a disappointment. As the challenged party he
would have the right to name conditions, and in a
battle with tongues at a distance of 500 miles over a
telephone wire the Spaniard would surely get the
worst of it
Spain's unwillingness to accept responsibility in
the Maine matter may possibly be overcome. Honor
is sometimes thrust upon people, and dishonor might
have a similar experience.
Three local pugilists by engaging in a barroom
fight in which a knife was used demonstrated what
manner of riff-raff adorns the calling of which they
arc exponents
THE FERRY DEPOT SCANDAL
I^HE ferry depot scandal increases in magnitude
and scope with the progress of The Call's in
vestigation. Traces of crooked work are dis
covered in each department where the contracts are
examined and the work and material compared with
the specifications. It appears at present as if every
item of construction might be more or less tainted
with evidences of corruption of some sort. In fact
the scandal seems to be about as big as the building
itself and to pervade every section of it from turret
to foundation-stone.
From facts gathered by The Call it appears the
State pays for terra cotta arches to sustain the flooring
pays for terra cotta arches to sustain the flooring
but gets a flooring of expanded metal; pays for
wainscoting of enameled brick, but gets marble
slabs instead; pays to have the outer walls of the
building of Roman pressed brick but gets common
brick; pays for oak in the interior finish but gets
pine: pays for No. 22 galvanized iron but gets No.
26. In each and all of these changes of material from
what the contracts as let call for there has been
money saved for somebody, but no evidence that any
of it has been saved for the State.
It is not alone by changes made in the material of
the building that jobs have been apparently per
petrated for the enrichment of jobbers at the expense
of the people. It appears that where no alteration
was made in the quality or kind of the material called
for other means were devised to accomplish a profit
for the thrifty. Thus it appears that for the doors,
which a contractor put in for $5570, the State paid
over $9000. Other schemes of a similar nature were
carried out showing that the manipulators of the
contracts knew more ways than one for "conveying"
public money to pockets where they thought it
would do most good.
It must be borne in mind that the disclosures thus
far made by The Call do not by any means represent
the whole of the crookedness likely to be found in
the construction of the depot. We have published
the facts from day to day as we have gathered them
and will continue to do so. but only an official inves
tigation conducted with the rigor of the law can
fully search out the whole extent of the seeming
frauds. That investigation it is the duty of the Grand
Jury to make and it should be made at once.
BRITISH FRIENDLINESS.
IT did not need the declarations of London news
papers and the statements of members of Par
liament to assure us that the Government and the
people of Great Britain would be on the side of the
United States with sympathy— and perhaps with ac
tion if the need came— in case of war with Spain.
For years past evidences of a desire for friendly re
lations with the United States have been abundantly
shown through all channels of communication in
Great Britain, and we have long known that an al
liance with us is now the desire of British sentiment
and the aim of British diplomacy.
Perhaps the most striking illustration of this wish
for continued peace and friendly relations with the
United States on the part of the British that has yet
been given was in the striking contrast between the
manner in which the British Government received
the Venezuelan ultimatum from the United States
and that with which it met the implied possibility of
German interference in the affairs of the Transvaal.
To our peremptory demand that the Venezuelan
boundary be fixed by arbitration Great Britain
yielded promptly and as gracefully as she could.
But the publication of the Kaiser's letter to Presi
dent Kruger was immediately followed by the hasty
mustering of the famous flying squadron and a de
monstration in force of readiness of the empire to
fight if fighting should be necessary.
The change in the tone of British sentiment from
what it was in times past is due to two causes. In
the first place the United States has now become one
of the greatest nations on the globe, and in the very
nature of things those who thought lightly of us in
the days of our comparative weakness are disposed
to have more respect for us now. In the second
place Eurcpean conditions have changed.
Confronted by the strong alliances recently formed
by the great military powers of the Continent Great
Britain no longer feels so safe as she did in her
"splendid isolation." Her commercial interests re
strain her from running the risk of war by joining
either of the two Continental combinations, and yet
she desires an ally somewhere. It is a matter of
course, therefore, that she should turn to America.
Friendship with us is to her almost a necessity of the
situation.
It has not yet become to our interest to recip>o
cate this desire for an alliance, and it may never be
so, notwithstanding the fact that the present British
policy of maintaining the Chinese empire intact with
ports open to trade with all nations on equal terms
is one that will work for our benefit. At present
we care very little about China, and, moreover, feel
quite able to safeguard our interests there without
Britain's help. In the meantime, however, the change
in the tone of British sentiment and in the aim of
British diplomacy is a notable factor in the inter
national relations of the world, and may be proved
by results to come one of the most important devel
opments of the century.
COINAGE AND CURRENCY.
SINCE our answer to the free silver advocate
in explanation of Mr. Bryan's statements about
Mexico many other inquirers have asked fur
ther about the relations of prosperity and per capita
circulation.
Mr. Bryan reported a condition of great prosperity
in our sister republic. At home he points to defi
cient circulation per capita as a restraint upon pros
perity. Nine-tenths of the advocates of free silver
are such because they are told that the country wants
more money per capita and free silver will supply it.
Again we ask in what free silver country is there
a large circulation of money per capita?
Mexico has a per capita circulation of gold 41 cents,
silver $4 54, a total of $4 95. If her superior prosper
ity is related to her volume of currency the conclu
sion would be irresistible that prosperity is greatest
where the volume of money is the least.
The four gold standard nations, the United States,
Great Britain. Germany and France, have an average
per capita circulation of $14 43 in gold and $7 22 in
silver, or a total of $21 65 of the two metals.
Mexico, Central America, South America and
China have an average per capita circulation of gold
41 cents, silver $2 39.
This demonstrates that under free coinage gold is
not appreciably present and silver has a very low
circulation, less that half that of the gold standard
countries.
One is unable to comprehend how Mexico can be
quoted to sustain Mr. Bryan s contention that a large
per capita circulation is a necessary condition of
prosperity, and that our per capita, being too small,
can only be increased by free coinage.
In every country in the world the gold standard is
now associated with a large volume of money and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1(3, 1898.
free coinage with a small volume, of which gold is
a scarcely perceptible fraction.
We do not intend to impeach Mr. Bryan's sincerity
when he says: "My observation as well as my rea
son leads me to believe that the use of silver has been
of material advantage to Mexico, and I am more
than ever convinced that the best interests of our
own people demand the immediate restoration of the
free and unlimited coinage of gold and silver at a
ratio of 16 to 1 without waiting for the aid or concert
of any other nation."
His premise is the condition of Mexico. By what
logical process he draws therefrom his conclusion is
a mystery.
TO a casual observer it would seem that in the
cases of Benjamin W. Mclntosh and Edgar B.
Haymond, attorneys and counselors-at-law, the
Bat Association of this city has an opportunity to
render the community a signal service. The first
named of these young men is associate counsel for
Albert Hoff, the assassin of Mrs. Mary Clute; the
other is his friend. According to statements made
by them and the murderer himself they have at
tempted to sell a "confession" of the crime to the
local papers for $2000. Although the admissions of
Hoff and the two attorneys are now contradictory
there is no doubt of the fact last stated.
Aside from any question as to whether Hoff has
actually confessed, or whether Mclntosh was author
ized to sell his confession, or whether Haymond,
who offered the document for sale, was acting for
Mclntosh, the glaring fact remains conspicuous that
these men have been trafficking in the life of a human
being. In so doing Mclntosh especially has been
guilty of an unpardonable offense, for which he
should be disbarred and prosecuted. Certainly his
conduct cannot be defended on any rational theory
regulating the relations of attorney and client un
less it can be established that it is the duty of coun
sel employed to defend a criminal to divulge his se
crets and send him to the gallows.
It is important that attorneys who betray theii
clients should be severely disciplined. If Mclntosh
and Haymond are guilty in this case disbarment is
too good for them. The law from motives of public
policy protects an attorney in maintaining the secrets
of all persons by whom he is employed, and there
fore the worst crime a lawyer can commit is the be
trayal of his client to the enemy. The question of
Hoff's guilt cuts no figure in the case. The prin
ciple at stake is vital. If Mclntosh and Haymond
can betray a monster like Hoff for a fee they can put
a rope around the neck of an innocent man from the
same motive. In fact there is no limit to the mis
chief they can do.
The community naturally looks to the Bar Associ
ation for action in cases like this. That body can pre
sent attorneys for disbarment with some prospect of
success^ for its motives cannot be assailed. It is com
posed of the honorable members of the profession
and it must have a dispassionate interest in maintain
ing the character of the bar. Within the past month
one attorney in this city has been arrested for ob
taining money by false pretenses, another for em
bezzling the funds of a client, and a third has been
convicted of larceny. The Bar Association has not
in either case attempted to deprive the culprits of
their licenses to -practice.
Can it be possible that the association's commit
tee on professional conduct of members of the bar,
or whatever the committee may be called, will over
look the cases of Mclntosh and Raymond ? If it
does overlook them what is it good for?
WAR CONTRACTS AND THE PACIFIC
COOST.
SENATOR PERKINS has rendered a timely
service to California and the Pacific Coast by
making a fomial protest to the authorities
at Washington agsinst the granting of all contracts
for war supplies to Eastern manufacturers. It seems
that this is what is being done in the expenditure of
the emergency fund recently appropriated for defen
sive purposes, and according to reports it has been
carried so far as to give to Eastern firms contracts
for constructing gun carriages to be used in the de
fenses on this coast.
In discussing the issue with the special correspond
ent of The Call at Washington the Senator pointed
out that Californian manufacturers can supply the
gun carriages desired and also smokeless powder ac
cording to the Government formula at prices as low
if not lower than are now charged by the con
tractors in the East. By giving orders for such
supplies to local manufacturers the Government
would save at least the cost of transportation across
the continent to California even if it saved nothing
else.
Over and above the cost and economy involved
in the question of where the military supplies for this
coast shall be manufactured there is the further mat
ter of military expediency which merits considera
tion. In case of war with a power strong enough
to operate on both oceans — and all great nations are
strong enough for that— there would be war on the
Pacific as well as the Atlantic coast, and the Gov
ernment would need plants capable of furnishing war
supplies on this as well as on the other side of the
continent. It should therefore be the policy of the
nation to build up such plants here as well as there.
Pacific Coast factories should be made the supply
points of all war material, military and naval, needed
for the defense of the Pacific Coast.
It is evident from the vigor with which the Senator
made his protest that he has reason to believe some
favoritism is being shown to Eastern firms. If this
be so he should be joined in his fight for fair play
by the entire delegation from all the Western States.
Our factories are as capable of producing good ma
terial as any of those in the East. None of them
have been detected furnishing supplies as defective as
the Eastern shrapnel recently tested at the Presidio.
This being so, it is but right the Government should
give them at least a fair chance to bid on contracts
that are to be awarded.
If any syndicate desires to buy Cuba and has the
money and can strike a bargain with any one in a
position to give clear title no great objection would
be made. It is not easy to see, however, why the
United States should make the purchase of damaged
goods for the benefit of a syndicate. Uncle Sam is
not in the realty business, and when he engages
therein should hardly act in the capacity of an agent.
It is to be hoped that dismissal of the case
against Dr. Ragan will not result in failure of the
effort to rid the Board of Education of the rascals
whose presence upon it destroys its usefulness.
Ragan should court the opportunity to show that he
is not one of these.
Europe intimates that it does not wish to see war.
Perhaps this is indicative of sound judgment, and yet
when Europe plans a war of its own it does not send
over to see whether the Uuited States wishes to see
war or not
McINTOSH AND RAYMOND.
INGRAM'S "WHO FEARS TO SPEAK OF '98?"
John Kells Ingram, author of "\Vho
Fears to Speak of Ninety-eight," was
born in Donegal, Ireland, in 1523. The
verses were written in the early forties,
when he was a student at Trinity Col
lege, Dublin. He is now vice-provost of
JOHN KELLS INGRAM,
that college, and is said to be not at all
proud of the poem. Other men have had
A SUNSPOT VISIBLE TO THE NAKED EYE
THE identification of a sun spot is a
difficult matter, as it is founded on
slight circumstantial evidence, and
moreover, entire certainty is im
possible. The large group of spots
now visible on the center of the
solar disk supplies an instance
of the uncertainty that may arise
from the effects of the atmospheres of
both earth and sun. The rotations of
those bodies on their axes hide from view
about three-fourths of the career of a
spot formation even if It should last four
SUNSPOTS MARCH 10, 11 A. M.
weeks; and while unseen, the conflicting
currents of vapor on the solar surface
may change Its aspect beyond recogni
tion, or even change its position slightly,
and thus baffle the chief clew to Identi
fication. A group of spots of more than
average size appeared inside the east
edge or limb of the sun on the 14th of
last January, and when central on the
disk it was found to extend from about
nine to thirteen degrees south of the solar
equator. Its possible return was looked
for. and when the rotation was com
pleted, a group was observe' 1 nearly in
the same tract of sun surface. Having
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The torpedo boats ordered at Sehichau
by Japan are one torpedo boat 150 feet
length, 125 tons displacement, twin screw
and 29 knots speed; also, eight boats,
single screw, 128 feet length, S2 tons dis
placement and of 25 knots speed.
The cruiser Terrible, sistership to the
Powerful, is about to be sent to China;
the battleships Revenge, Victorious and
Barfleur of 14.150. 14,900 and 10,500 tons
have already passed Suez toward their
destination to re-enforce the British
squadron in China waters.
Italian ship builders are making good
records as to expedition to work. Ansaldo,
at Sestri Ponente, on the Bay of Naples,
laid the keel of the armored cruiser Gari
baldi No. 1 on July 25. 1593, had the launch
on June 27. 1595. and the ship was fin
ished April 14, 1896. The Cristobal Colon
—now owned by Spain— was begun Sep
tember 25, 1895, launched September 16,
lS9ti, and had her final trial April 27, 1597,
making only 19 months of construction.
Orlando Bros, at Leghorn began the St.
Martin November 23, 1593, launched her
May 25. 1897. and are now completing the
trials. Failure of the Government delayed
the construction of the ships. The three
ships are identical in all details and are of
6840 tens displacement.
The French Ministry of Marine gives the
following figures of the personnel of the
principal navies: Germany, J»5 officers,
20.615 sailors; Great Britain, 3<U9 officers,
60,155 sailors; Austria, 795 officers, 11.957
sailors; Spain, 1345 officers, 14,000 sailors;
United States, 121S officers, 12,000 sailors;
France, 2329 officers, 39 .336 sailors; Italy.
1058 officers. 23.".00 sailors; Japan, 698 offi
cers. 9421 sailors; Russia, 1542 officers, 38,
000 pallors. This list is somewhat Inac
curate so far as the United States Is con
cerned, where the number of seagoing
commissioned officers on the active list
is 1267, not including 61 naval cadets who
!iave graduated. The Japanese navy has
11S0 sailor officers alone, and in the Ger
man navy about 6000 men classed In the
French list as sailors are In reality dock
yard mechanics.
Steam trials of the British cruiser Dia
j dem are still in progress, and about seven
have taken place up to February 10 under
different conditions. The full power trial
I under maximum power took place Janu
ary 26, and lasted eight hours. The fol
lowing chief data of this trial interesting
to naval officials and marine engineers
are given: Total heating surface of boil
j ers, 40.555 square feet: total grate surface,
i 1440 square feet; steam in boilers, 245
pounds; air pressure in stoke hold, none;
horse-power developed, 17.188; coal In
pounds, per horse-power per hour, 1.77.
The weights of machinery, etc. are: Pro
pelling machinery, 575 tons; shafts and
propellers, 112 tons; boiler room weights,
750 tons; auxiliary machinery, 83 tons;
total weight, 1520 tons. The contract
| horse-power, 16,500, was exceeded by 68S.
Tests of smokeless powder in the Rus
sian navy have proved highly satisfactory,
and shells fired with thin powder
like experiences, urowm ux v. B miy ire
quPnfly destroys the fine enthusiasm of
P into ei,ht European
languages and the •* m t0 the slu .
fenfs S o"co k ntinenttl Europe as to those
0f ..w I no it Fears to Speak of Ninety-eight;
or.too MemorY of the Dead," runs as fol
1OW \Vho fears to speak of Ninety-eight?
wiu «v your glass
We drink the memory of the brave,
The fame of those who died-
All true men like you. men
Remember them with pride.
Borne on the shore of distant lands
Their weary hearts have laid
And by the stranger's heedless hand*
Their lonely graves were made.
But thoush 'their clay be far away.
Beyond the Atlantic foam.
In true men like you, men.
Their spirit's still at home.
The dust of some Is Irish earth.
Among their own they rest.
And the same land that gave them blrtn
Has caught them to her hr y* s }-, ny
And we will pray that from their clay
Full many a race may start
Of true men like you, men,
To act as brave a part.
They rose In dark and evil days
To right their native land;
They kindled there a living blaze
That nothing can withstand.
Alas, that might can vanquish right—
They fell and passed away;
But true men like you, men.
Are plenty here to-day.
Then here's their mem'ry! may it bo
For us a guiding light.
To cheer our strife for liberty
And teach us to unite!
Through good and 111, be Ireland s still,
Though sad as theirs your fate;
And true men be you, men.
Like those of Ninety-eight!
enlarged considerably, it was visible *o j
the naked eye on February 12, and dis- i
appeared near the west limb without
much decrease in size. On March 3, when j
its return was again due, the sun's disk j
was visible only through a layer of thin |
cloud, and While a pair of small spots on j
the very center of the disk (the best posi
tion for visibility) were quite distinctly
seen, on the east edge where this group
was expected to reappear no marking of |
any kind could be discerned. On the day
following, however, the large group in
the illustration was a day's journey, ac-.
cording to the rate of sun spot travel, in
side the east limb, ami just in the same
area as the eruption visible in February.
An uncertainty then exists as to whether
the solar atmosphere, which always dims
the spots near the limb, had rendered st |
undlscernihle when aided by the effect of
foreshortening, and still more by the
cloudiness of the day, or whether j
the entire disturbance occurred be- ;
tween the noons of March 5 and March
ft It Is satisfactory to know that some |
of the institutions devoted to solar ob- j
servations are likely to possess the re- j
quired information, as such an extensive
eruption in twenty-four hours would be |
very remarkable during this year of the ;
solar cycle, when the sun storms are |
supposed to give place to a comparative '
calm. The oval group in the illustration .
is the chief subject of discussion, though i
some of the single spots are also identi- !
fiable provided they have not been formed i
since March 5. If such be the case, the
reported auroral display in Eastern skies
on the night of March 7 will gain renewed i
interest, as it is well established now that i
magnetic disturbance, auroral displays
and sun storms often occur simultaneous- :
ly. In nic illustration the entire group ,
is represented on a scale suitable to a '
solar disk one foot in diameter, the oval
group being more than 50,000 miles in i
length, and the disturbed area, which ex
tends north and south of the sun's equa
tor, being nearly one-fourth of the sun's j
diameter in length.
ROSE O'HALLORAX.
reached the following great velocities. A
12-lnch 710-pound shell, 27-19 feet per &ec- |
ond; an S-inch shell, weighing 192 pounds ;
was fired with a velocity of 2SJ7 feet per
second, passed through a steel plate 10
inches thick, and the shell had still a
velocity of 700 feet remaining after pass- :
Ing through the target. A 6-inch shell of j
8S pounds attained a velocity of 2880 feet,
and a 4.7 inch of 45 pounds reached 2598 ;
feet. The weight of the new powder ;
charges Is approximately about one-half '
that of the usual weight of ordinary ;
brown powder, but its efficiency is such j
as to increase the initial velocity of the \
shot 20 to 30 per cent. The advantage de- j
rived from this smokeless powder, besides ;
that which its name conveys, Is greater
power and ability to store double the j
quantity hitherto carried In the magazine, j
and thus materially increasing the em- '
clency of the ship's battery. It is further |
claimed for the Russian smokeless pow- i
der that it is absolutely smokeless, and
its combustion regular and slow.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
S. G. Magill, U. S. N., is at the Palace.
J. D. Bradley of Merced is at the Lick.
H. Z. Osborne is at the Palace from
Angeles.
C. C. Royce of v-hico is a guest at the
California.
Dr. S. P. Paul of Petaluma is staying at
the Grand.
R. M. Brown of Woodland is a guest at
the Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Bates of Boston are
at the Palace.
B. F. Griscom of New York is a guest
at the Palace.
A. W. Forbes of St. Louis is at the Pal
ace with his wife.
L. R. Payne is at the Occidental from
his home in Fresno.
P. Wolff, a ship builder of Portland, Or.,
is a guest at the Grand.
C. D. Smalley of Findlay, Ohio, is at the
Occidental with his wife.
W. S. Tinning, an attorney of Martinez,
is a guest at the Grand.
The Ancient
Mariner Club had
assembled in the
room of the hotel
bar at the reg
ular hour, and
had started to
take aboard their
THE ANCIENT
MARINERS
ARE WORKED.
first installment of ballast, when they
were interrupted in the midst of what
promised to be a good yarn from a long
absent member who had just arrived
fresh from the gale-swept latitudes of
the Horn, by a knock at the door. "Come
in!" sang out one of the old barnacle
sides, in tones that he is accustomed to
use when remonstrating with a I>utch
man on the royal yard. The door opanwl.
in response to the invitation, and a rather
seedy-looking individual, with a preter
naturally solemn countenance, entered,
and. removing his hat politely, stated
that he wanted to speak to some one
capable of taking command of a vessel
destined for a six months' cruise to the
Gulf of California. He was told that all
of the party were sea captains and capa
ble of commanding anything from a
scow to a three skysail-yarder, and that
several were without commands at pres
ent, and if everything was satisfactory
would not be averse to making the trip.
He was, furthermore, invited to take
something hot, which invitation he ac
cepted with alacrity. The stranger stayed
for some time explaining the size, char
acter and general arrangements of the
vessel he proposed to charter, and ac
cepted numerous drinks as the old sea
dogs, with pencil and paper, laboriously
figured out the probable cost of the ex
pedition and traced the course to the dif
ferent points at which the stranger said
the ship would likely touch. Finally, af
ter the visitor had consumed about an
hour's time and many drinks at the ex
pense of his sailor hosts, he announced
that he had an engagement with James
L. Flood, Lloyd Tevis and Louis Sloss
that would not brook delay, and he there
fore had to go, but would return on the
morrow and talk further on the mrtttir.
Just as he wus about to pass through the
door one of the captains said: "By the
way, you did not tell us what the object
of the expedition is, wLr. Hanen." "No,"
said the stranger, as he paused on the
threshold; "well, don't repeat it, as it is
a profound secret, but I Intend to fish for
diamond-back turtles, which I will take
on the vessel to the interior of Nevada,
where they will be set on egg plant to
hatch out mock turtles for soup pur
poses." Then he vanished. The ancient
mariners sat in complete silence for a
few moments, then each man quietly
picked up his hat and took his departure.
The feeling engendered by the voluble
stranger's visit was too deep for expres
sion.
John TV. Young of Clinton, lowa, la at
the Palace with his wile.
TV. T. Taylor and wife are registered at
the Lick from Bakersfield.
E. W. Surbush of Boston Is one of yes
terday's arrivals at the Palace.
A. N. Butts, a mining man of Angela,
is registered at the Occidental.
Colonel TV. .torsyth, the Fresno cap
italist, is staying at the Occidental.
W. F. Draper is at the California, where
he arrived yesterday from San Jose.
L. W. Bonney, a prominent merchant of
Seattle, is registered at the Baldwin.
I W. Cameron, a mining man of Haw
thorne, Nev., is registered at the Palace.
H M. Reive, a large rancher of Tulare,
is at the Lick, where he arrived yester
day.
H. Gyrr.sey, a well-known mining man
of Golconda, Nev., is registered at the
Lick.
William M. Noyes of Livermore is at
the Occidental, where he arrived last
night.
W. F. Prisk of Grass Valley arrived in
the city last evening and went to the Oc
cidental.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR— F. G., City. Su
perfluous hair can be removed by the use
of depilatories or by the use of electricity.
EXPERIMENT STATION— F. L., Mo
desto Cal. The agricultural experiment
station of Arizona is at the University or
Arizona, Tucson.
BITTER MEDICINE— F. M. G., City.
The taste of bitter medicine is obviated
to the patient by placing it in capsules
specially prepared for the purpose.
PARREL POSTOFFICES— J. Z., Sacra
mento. Cal. What are known as barrel
postoffices are barrels placed on rocks in
the ocean into which passing vessels drop
letters to be taken up by another vessel
and delivered to the nearest port. There
is one of these off Terra del Fuego, an
other off the coast of Brazil and one in
the Arctic Ocean.
THE BEST RECORD— W. L. M., Clo
verdale, Cal. In the list of best records
is found the following on the subject of
trips from New York to San Francisco:
Btdewhee] steamer Golden Gate, New
York to San Francisco. ISSI, landing at
Panama. 14.540 miles, 64 days 9 hours;
clipper ship Flying Cloud, New York to
San Francisco, ISO, 13,610 miles, 89 days,
sailed 374 miles in one day.
OLD COINS— E. F. C, Shasta. Cal.
None of the coins . specified in your list
command any premium except the United
States dollar of ISO 2, and that brings onl. Ml
an advance of from 20 to 50 cents over ▼
face value. Dealers who have such for
sale offer them for $2 So to $3 75 each. For
the dollar of 17yS dealers charge . from
$6 50 to $10 for one of the pattern with
fifteen stars and from $5 to $8 50 for one
with but thirteen stars.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'a.*
■ m — ;
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • •
.AWAKENING OF JAPAN.
It Is pretty difficult to realize that
thirty years have scarcely elapsed since
Japan awoke from two centuries of slum
ber and claimed a place among the pro
gressive nations of the earth. Yet this
is a fact. The island empire dates the
beginning of her new life from the sum
mer of l*i«8. To-day she is regarded with
respect by the greatest military and na
val powers in existence.— Chicago Inter
Ocean.
" M rs. Winslow's Soothing Syrap"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, rej
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Hr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry.
eoft and mild, being : entirely free from th» '
mists common further north. Hound trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; loader
stay, $2 CO per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
» o ■
Those who seek relief from pain and weakness
should use Pakkeb's Gixger Toxic.
Pabkeb's Hair Balsam never fails to please.
THE ADVANTAGE OF NUMBERS.
Seventy millions agrainst seventeen, and
ample resources against bankruptcy, it
would seem that Spain, if it had discre
tion, would recognize the right of th«
United States to restore tranquillity in
Cuba, which it has worse than failed to
do after three years of war. — Indianap
oils Journal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When the children are
hungry, what do you give
them ? Food.
When thirsty? Water.
Now use the same good
common sense, and what
would you give them when
they are too thin? The best
fat-forming food, of course.
Somehow you think of
Scott's Emulsion at once.
For a quarter of a century
it has been making thin
children, plump; weak child-
ren, strong; sick children,
healthy.
50c and $1.00, all druggists.
«COTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New YoffcTHE ARTHUR I
IS MISSING
Left San Francisco Thirty-
Four Days Ago for
Tillamook.
Two Overdue British Vessels
on Which Reinsurance
Has Been Paid.
Tales of Misery on Shipboard and at
Skaguay Told in a Private
Letter.
The British ship Ecclefechan, now
loading at Port Costa for Europe is one
of the handsomest vessels in the bay. and
Captain George E. Hinds. "genial
George," is one of the best known and
best liked masters that come to this
port. The Ecclefechan arrived here from
Calcutta on February 10 last, after a
smart passage, and was chartered at the
good figure of 33 shillings and 9 pence to
load wheat for Great Britain. As a char
ter at 27 shillings cannot now be procured.
Captain Kinds has done remarkably well.
During her voyage from London to San
Francisco via Calcutta the Ecclefechan
was caught in a series of gales which
nearly senl hor to the bottom. She man
aged to pull through, however, with the
if a few spars and several satis, and
is now ready (or another battle with the
elements. Captnin Hinds has been com
ing to San Francisco for seventeen years,
anil during that time has only command
ed two vessels — the Dunscore and Eccle
fechan.
Several overdue vessels are causing un
easineaa in insurance and shipping cir-
The British ship Ravenserag left
New Whatcom for Callao October 9 last
and has not been heard from since. Ws
sels that left San Francisco after she left
Puget Sound for the same port have ar
rived, discharged and loaded again, but
no word has come from the Ravenscrag.
Very heavy reinsurance has been paid on
her, and the underwriters have about
given her up for lost.
The British ship Glenfinlas, for Ma
nila, and the bark Kate Thomas, for San
Francisco, left Newcastle, N. S. W., Oc
tober 6 last together. When twenty-four
hours out the Kate Thomas was caught
in a hurricane that came up in a mo
ment and was dismasted. She reached
Sydney, X. S. %V\, where she was re
paired, and came on to San Francisco, ar
riving February 3 last. The dieniinhis
has not been heard from since she and
the Kate Thomas parted company, and ho
per cent reinsurance has oeen puid on
her. Had she been dismantled in the
same storm as the Kate Thomas she
would have been heard from, as she was
only about 200 miles off the coast of Aus
tralia, so the gravest fears are entertain
ed for the vessel and crew.
Captain Patterson of the Glenfinlas was
well known here, and his wife is a San
Francisco young lady. They were mar
ried here several years ago, and Mrs. Pat
terson made a number of voyages with
her husband. Whether she was with him
en this occasion or not is not known.
The coasting schooner Arthur I left here
for TillaniuoK on February 11 last In
charge of Captain Jacobson and has not
l" L i-n heard from since. A couple of weeks
ago a British sealing schooner put Into
-\sroria in distress and her captain re
ported that off Tillamook he passed the
hull of a schoonty bottom up. This Is
thought to be the remains of the overdue
schooner. N. Iverson, the agent of the
Arthur I, has not yet given the vessel up.
iic thinks that .she may have lost some of
-pars and being driven off shore has
been unable to beat back again. She is
now out thirty-four days, however, and
as other coasters have made the round
trip to the same port of late in almost
half that time it certainly looks black for
the Arthur I. The schooner was built in
1889 and was 122. 51 net tons burden. She
was 97 feet long, 27 feet 2 inches broad
and 7 feet ."> Inches deep. She has always
Wbeen engaged In the lumber trade and
F'left here for Tillamook in ballast.
C. Repetto, an Italian, got drunk on
'■foot wine" yesterday and in a momi i;t
»,! .lepressionYame to the conclusion that
life %vas not worth living. Be went to the
■ f Broadway wharf and saying good
by to some men on the pier he jumped
overboard. He was rescued ana uucen
to the Harbor Receiving Hospital where
Dr. Zjibala pumped him out and put him
to bed.
S. J. Hilderbrand got his right leg
caugbt in the belting at the Del Vortf
fl lur mill and had it broken in two places.
He was taken to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Zabala set the in
jured limb.
The bark Martha Davis and the coast
purvey steamer Patterson that were in
collision during the recent norther have
both been docked for repairs. The Mar
tha Davis is at Section 4 of the seawall
and the Pattrflrson is at Main street, so
nearly the whole of the water front is be
tween them. Captain Boule of the Davis
however, that the Patterson cannot
be" too far away to suit him.
The last vacant berth on tho water
front was assigned to the barkentine
Addenda by Chief Wharfinger Root yes
terday. It Is at section 3 of the seawall,
and considerable maneuvering had to be
resorted to in order to make room for her.
Incoming vessels will have to wait their
turn now until there are again berths
enough to go around. ■
Captain Kay of the British ship Earl
of Dunmore is at St. Luke"s Hospital, a
very sick man. Several other British ship
masters are laid up with the grip, and a
number of apprentice boys are also sick.
Dr. Rupert Blue, who for three years
has been assistant Federal quarantine of
ficer in this port, leaves to-day for Port
land, Or., to take charge of the Marine
Hospital and quarantine affairs on the
Columbia River. During his stay here
the doctor has made a host of friends
and it is with regret that the ship owners
of the port will see him depart. He has
always performed his duties in a
thorough manner and yet when it was a
disagreeable duty it was performed with
so much tact that a kindly feeling in
stead of anger always followed. Dr.
Blue leaves for Portland on the overland j
train to-day.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, cure guarntd. Dr.
Gordin'sSanitarium,sl4Pine.r.r.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
Clarkson Indicted.
The United States Grand Jury yesterday
returned an indictment against William
Clarkson. ex-foreman of the rolling de
partment of the mint, charging him with
th<* embezzlement of 570 worth of gold
intrusted to his charge. There are two
counts in the indictment. Clarkson still
remains in the County Jail, having been
unable to furnish the $5000 bail demanded.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA
Most Torturing, Disfiguring,
Humiliating
Of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly skin
and scalp humox3 is instantly relieved
by a warm bath with Cuticuba Soap,
a single application of Cuticuba (oint-
ment), the preat skin cure, and a full dose
of Ccticuka Resolvent, greatest of blood
puriliers and humor cures.
Remedies speedily, permanently, and
economically cure, when all else fails.
Pn-rriß Dmjo j.wp Cuim. Cnitr. Sole Prop*.. Bofton.
(P" - How to Core Kverj Skin aud Blood Humor," free.
rlmrLY rAuLo cuticuba soap.
STRUCK BY A SUDDEN SQUALL.
The British ship Ecclefechan encountered some very heavy weather during her voyage from London to San
Francisco via Calcutta. On one occasion the jib and foretopmast staysail and the lower foretopsail were blown out
of the bolt ropes, leaving the ship under a lower mizzen topsail and a goose- winged lower main topsail. Captain
Hinds of the Ecclefechan has been trading to San Francisco for the last seventeen years, and is one of the most
popular masters that comes here.
MORE GUNS
FOR HARBOR
DEFENSE
Emplacement at Fort
Point for Another
12-Inch. Rifle.
The New Weapon Will
Be Mounted on a Dis
appearing Carriage.
Major Wallace F. Randolph to
Be Promoted Lieutenant-
Colonel.
OR DERED TOTHE PRESIDIO
Artillery Officers Who Have- Been
Directed to Report at Once to
Examining Boards.
The Boston agent of the Associated
Press described the disappearing car
riages for the modern high-power guns
to defend San Francisco as an item of
fresh intelligence for California read
ers. It is not generally known on the
Atlantic coast that San Francisco is the
best fortified harbor in the United
States. The twelve-inch gun described
in the Boston dispatches is reported to
be thirty-five feet in length and to
weigh fourteen tons. It may surprise
Easterners to learn that there are eight
twelve-inch breech-loading rifled guns
of the modern type now in position here
— five at Fort Point and three at Lime
Point. Each gun weighs fifty-eight
tons and is forty-two feet in length.
San Francisco is soon to have a
twelve-inch gun mounted on a disap
pearing carriage, and possibly that is
what the Boston telegram sought to
describe. Five of the ten-inch rifled
breech-loading guns at Fort Point are
now mounted on disappearing car
riages, but the twelve-inch guns are
nc-t arranged to drop out of sight of the
enemy after firing.
There is an emplacement, Just above
Fort Point, on the extreme right of the
line of guns overlooking the ocean, for
another twelve-inch rifle, and it is pro
posed to place this gun on a disappear
ing carriage. These carriages have
been successfully used for the eight and
ten inch rifles, and it is now found
practicable to make them heavy enough
for twelve-inch guns.
Men who study the natural positions
of defense in this harbor perceive that a
battery should be planted at Point Bo
nita. The plan adopted by the Board of
Fortifications provides for guns at this
outpost, and the hope is expressed that
work on the construction of a battery
at this point -will soon beerin.
There are only two batteries of dyna
mite guns in the United States. One
is at Sandy Hoo-k, New York, and the
other at the Presidio of San Francisco.
Major Wallace F. Randolph, Third
Artillery, who will be promoted to lleu
! tenant-colonel under the new bill to In
crease the army by two additional regi
ments of artillery, has been ordered
from Fort Riley, Kans., to San Fran
cisco, to report to General William R.
Hhafter for assignment to duty at one
of the posts in San Francisco harbor.
Major Randolph was born In Penn
sylvania on June 11, 1841, and entered
the volunteer service as a private in
Company F, Seventeenth Pennsylvania
Infantry, April 18, 1861. He was dis
charged from the regiment June 2S,
1861. On May 4, 1861, in conformity with
the proclamation of the President, a
new regiment of twelve batteries was
added to the artillery arm of the serv
ice, and became known as the Fifth.
Congress confirmed this act of the
President July 12, 1861, but all appoint
ments dated from May 14, on which
date Major Randolph was appointed a
second lieutenant in the newly organ
ized regiment. He was promoted first
lieutenant of the Fifth March 1, 1862;
captain of the Fifth July 28, 1866; and
on April 25, 1888, was promoted major
of the Third Artillery.
Major Randolph earned the brevet of
captain June 14, 1863, for gallant and
meritorious services in the defense of
Winchester, Va., and he was breveted
major March 13, 1865, for good conduct
and gallant services during the w .r.
His battery participated in the de
fense of Winchester, Va., and occupied
without adequate support an isolated,
unprotected outwork dominated by a
mountain to the west, within range.
Here the battery remained till late In
the afternoon, when the enemy opened
THE SA**" FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898.
upon it with plunging fire from sixteen
guns. Many of the men and most of
the horses were killed or wounded, and
caissons and limbers blown up. The
battery was so disabled inside of ten
minutes that it became impossible to
remove the guns. Suddenly the enemy
charged with five regiments, which had
been massed behind a neighboring
ridge, in front. Nothing inside the
works could stop this onslaught, but hig
men stood by their guns till the enemy
had planted its celors on the parapet.
Not till then did Randolph order his
men to fall back. Lieutenant Randolph
was carried, wounded, into the town
and fell into the hands of the Confed
erates. For this brave defense he was
breveted a captain.
Major Randolph has served continu
ously with his regiment since the war
at posts along the Atlantic coast, all the
way from Florida to Maine. For sev
eral years past he has commanded the
artillery battalion at Fort Riley, Kans.
In consequence of the bill having
passed Congress authorizing two addi
tional regiments of artillery for the
army, the Secretary of AVar has issued
orders directing the following named
officers to report to Colonel Royal T.
Frank, First Artillery, president of the
examining board appointed to meet at
Fort Monroe, Va., for examination as
to their fitness for promotion:
Captain Samuel M. Mills, Fifth Artil
lery; Captain John P. Story, Fourth Ar
tillery; Captain George G. Greenough,
Fourth Artillery; Captain Edmund K.
Ruddell, First Artillery; First Lieuten
ant Henry A. Reed, Second Artillery;
First Lieutenant Alexander B. Dyer,
Fourth Artillery; First Lieutenant
Leverett H. Walker, Fourth Artillery;
First Lieutenant "William P. Duvall,
Fifth Artillery; First Lieutenant Hen
ry M. Andrews, First Artillery: First
Lieutenant Charles D. Parkhurst,
Fourth Artillery; First Lieutenant
John T. Honeycutt. First Artillery;
First Lieutenant James L. Wilson.
Fourth Artillery: First Lieutenant
John P. Wisser, First Artillery; First
Lieutenant Henry R. Lemly, Third Ar
tillery; First Lieutenant William B.
Homer, Fifth Artillery; First Lieuten
MASTER TO WED PUPIL.
Fred Belasco of the Alcazar and Miss Juliet
Crosby to Be Married To-Day.
Frederick Belasco, manager of the Alcazar Theater, and Miss Sadie
Lewis, known to the stage as Miss Juliet Crosby, will be married to-day at
noon, at the old Belasco homestead on Clara street.
Justice Barry will speak the words that will make the young couple one.
The wedding is the culmination of a pretty love story of fond master and
doting pupil, with a stern parent in the background to lend added interest
to the somber chapters.
Miss Lewis is a Suisun girl, and came to this city to fit herself for the
stage at the Belasco Dramatic School.
Master and pupil were soon studying a more intense part than any of the
old or new dramatists, and their betrothal was shortly afterward an
nounced.
At first Miss Lewis' parents saw fit to object, but the young couple's de
votion finally triumphed, with the pleasing result of their nuptials to be cel
ebrated to-day.
The wedding is to be an extremely quiet one, and only the immediate
relatives are to be present. ,
The bride will be unattended. Mark Thall will be best man.
Miss Lewis will wear an elegant tailor gown of navy blue broadcloth,
with dainty toque to match.
After the ceremony there is to be a bridal breakfast and then the newly
wedded couple will leave for an extended Southern trip.
ant Albert Todd, First Artillery; First
lieutenant Edward T. Brown, Fifth
Artillery; First Lieutenant Henry H.
Ludlow, Third Artillery; First Lieuten
ant Victor 11. Bridgman. Second Artil
lery; First Lieutenant Clarence Deems,
Fourth Artillery: First Lieutenant
John V. White, First Artillery; First
Lieutenant William J. Snow, First Ar
tillery; First Lieutenant Thomas B.
Lamoreux, Fourth Artillery.
The following-named officers have
been ordered to report to Colonel John
I. Rodgers, Fifth Artillery, president of
the examining board to meet at Gover
nors Island, for examination for pro
motion:
Captain James B. Burbank, Third
Artillery; Captain William P. A r ose,
Second Artillery; Captain Frank C.
Grugan, Second Artillery; Captain
George Mitchell, Second Artillery; Cap
tain Selden A. Day, Fifth Artillery;
First Lieutenant Garland N. Whistler,
Fifth Artillery : First Lieutenant John
H. Gifford, Second Artillery; First
Lieutenant Sebree Smith, Second Ar
tillery; First Lieutenant Albert S.
Cummins, Fourth Artillery; First Lieu
tenant Georere F. E. Harrison, Second
Artillery; First Lieutenant Lotus
Niles. Second Artillery; First Lieuten
ant William H. Coffin, Fifth Artillery;
First Lieutenant Adam Slaker, First
Artillery; First Lieutenant James C.
P.us<h. Fifth Artillery; First Lieutenant
William A. Simpson, Second Artillery;
First Lieutenant Charles B. Satterlee,
Third Artillery; First Lieutenant Wil
liam R. Hamilton, Fifth Artillery;
First Lieutenant Erasmus M. Weaver
Jr., Second Artillery; First Lieutenant
Eli D. Hoyle, Second Artillery; Second
Lieutenant Frank G. .vlauldin. Third
Artillery; Sfcoml Lieutenant Daniel W.
Ketchain, Sen aid Artillery; Second
Lieutenant George G. Gatley, Fifth Ar
tillery.
First Lieutenant Montgomery M. Ma
comb, Fourth Artillery, and Second
Lieutenant William C. Davis, Fifth Ar
tillery, have been ordered to report to
Major Wallace F. Randolph, Third Ar
tillery, president of the examining
board appointed to meet at Fort Riley,
Kans., for examination as to their fit
ness for promotion.
IS ACCUSED OF
CRAVE FRAUDS
An Investigation of the
Clerks' Exchange Pro
prietor.
Threats Made by a Witness to
Do Bodily Harm to W.
A. Shepard.
Several Exciting Scenes in the State
Labor Commissioner's
Office.
For several weeks past complaints have
been made to Labor Commissioner Fitz
gerald of tho business methods of those
conducting- a sort of employment agency
or association called the Clerks' Ex
change, offices at 313 Bush and 1023 Mar
ket streets. Yesterday the State officer
began an investigation into the com
plaints, and during the session several
things came up that afforded* those in at
tendance a little excitement. All of the
witnesses testified that they had been
swindled out of their money and one,
an excitable little red-headed native of
France, went so far as to call one of the
proprietors of the business a thief, a liar
and added that he would wait and give
his enemy a sound thrashing for taking
his money, leaving said Frenchman with
out the means of purchasing food or lodg
ing. For two hours the excited, person
waited, but the accused escaped out of a
sid6 door.
The first witnesses were Benjamin
Weinzsplen and his wife Mary, who testi
fied that they sold their furniture on the
promise of the proprietor, W. A. Shepard,
who they claimed told them he had found
a position for them at a ranch in the
country where pay was good and work
light. This man had been an employe in
the Pacific Union Club for four years and
he said that he gave up his job in order
to take his wife into the country, for her
health had been bad for a long time. The
couple testified that the place was prom
ised to them for March 1, and they were
made homeless and poor by reason of the
unfulfilled promises. Lawyer D. B. Wood
wurth, who appeared for Shepard, made
the woman hysterical by asking her
questions regarding her children and a
Bcene followed.
Mr. Woodwortb made a strong protest
against the whole proceeding, claiming
tnat the Commissioner had no right to
make such an inquiry. Half a dozen wit
nesses gave some very interesting testi
mony, all of Which was not to the credit
of the accused. Joseph N. Brooks of 367
Minna street said that he gave $5 at the
Clerks' Excnunge with the understanding
that he was to be given a place, and on
the belief that the linn was one of good
standing. In exchange for his money he
was given a certificate of membership in
the concern, but to the best of his knowl
edge the people running the business never
made an effort to live up to their agree
ment and find a place for him. James
Irving and his daughter Edith of TO
Bryant street also had serious complaint
to make. They testified that she was in
need of a position of stenographer, and
she paid $5 for a certificate ot member
ship, <iii the promise that she would be
given the next job offered. She found
where the concern hau advertised for
stenographers, and she reproached Shep
ard fur not giving her a position. Shep
ard'a excuse was that she was not (juali
fb-d for the places he had, but the girl's
father cornered the proprietor by asking
him to num<t a single place, he had at his
disposal.
J lit- fun started in earnest when A. C.
Labbe took the stand. He had recently
returned from the Klondike, and all he
had in the world was $10. One-half he
gave to Shepard for a position— that is,
1.-aae Seeley, one of the clerks, took the
money and promised to find the returned
void hunter a place at once. Labbe was
kept on the run from one place to an
other until every cent lie had left of the
$5 was gone, ana every move he made at
the instance of the people of the exchange
proved to be of the wild goose order. As
Labbe proceeded with his narrative he
became more excited, and at last his tem
per i,">t the better of him and he turned
loose on the accused and called him every
kind of name that the presence of the
ladies would permit, and some that were
not in the best of taste. For several
hours the excited little fellow tramped up
and down the hall walling for Shepard to
make his appearance, so that he could
take the $5 out of his hide, as he stated.
J. K. Mills, a carpenter of 1312 Mission
street, told how he had left a position at
Hunters Point to answer ari ad that the
exchange had inserted in one of the pa
pers calling for a carpenter for a place in
the country. Mills said that it was not
until he had made the clerk assure him
that he could have the place in question
that he gave up the price of the fee for
membership. Then came a long series of
excuses which ended in nothing. Similar
testimony was given by Mrs. Farrel of
63H Green street and Mrs. Ida Morse of
536 Jessie street, both of whom met with
only disappointments after long and pa
tient waiting.
The most important testimony was
given by Mrs. Gillis. This lady is pos
sessed of a fair share of good looks, a
temper of her own and a full knowledge
of how affairs of the Clerks' Exchange
arc conducted. For the past three
months she has filled what is called the
position of "Matron" of the female de
partment In the Bush street office. She
told the Commissioner that the ostensible
purpose of the exchange is to find poai
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TSTHE WORKING CAPITAL OFHUMANITY
■■• He who loses that is wrecked indeed. Is your
health falling you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away t
t _
Cj -^f—^^S^S— At
DOCTOR SWE ANY
737 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, CAL.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC andSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women. • '
Vflllfif fa I3ES3 Unnatural drains caused
lUUHU IfIJLISI through errors of youth
or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
141 £A V MEN Or alls of the body which
fffkAn Ell bid ■ hare been weakened
• through disease, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
DHDTiIDE cured !>y his new method,
It we I «lnC without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
UIDI^nnSTI C hydrocele, swelling and
I AlflbUuCLCf tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailinn success. -■-. - •-, .
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated frcm
the system. . . - : . .
I All ICC witl recelve special attention for all
laAUlßs^* their many ailments. - ; .
CONSULTATION FREE at office At
uUndULiABIUri rhtt by tetter.
; WRITE. if you cannot call. A valuable book
"Guide to Health," free. F. 1.. SWEANY, M. D., ;
787 Market St, op. Grant Ay., San Francisco, Cal. ■
tions for those who are in need of work,
and it is given out that a large corps of
canvassers are out hunting for places for
those who become members.
She only knows of one man being out
looking for places for the applicants. When
questioned as to the inside business of
the office the witness said that Shepard
is addicted to the habit of putting "fake"
advertisements in the papers for help
when the order books do not show that
there are positions to till. She said that
Shepard, when business is dull, puts in
more ads. in order to induce people to go
to his place and put up their money for
membership fees. When she went to the
office three months ago there were about
seventy-five female applications on the
order book, and when she left there were
about 223. Since her time in the place
about twenty-five women were given em
ployment. Mrs. Gillis said that she left
the Clerks' Exchange because she did not
consider it an honest business. The order
book of the concern was produced and
comparisons made with the advertise
ments in the daily papers, and the Com
missioner said that the book does not
show orders for the positions called for
in the ads.
E. A: Wright of 1169 Mission street gave
his experience, which was similar to that
of all the other witnesses, and added that
Seeley once told him that the ads. in the
papers were baits to induce a better busi
ness.
Shepard. the proprietor, explained the
methods of the business. He said that
he has the testimony or uozens of people
who certify that he is conducting the of
fice in a legitimate manner. He denied
all the charges of dishonesty and said
that his clerks are instructed to tell
only the truth about chances of appli
cants getting positions. He said he has
branch offices in San Jose, I^ns Angeles
and Oakland and that the business is an
association. Commissioner Fitzgerald
stated that he was convinced Shepard had
laid himself amenable to the law for ob
taining money by trick and device, and
he would have some of those who had
paid the man money swear out warrants
for his arrest. In addition he will take
steps to have Shepard's license revoked.
The investigation will go on again to-day.
It is claimed that Lake Erie produces
more fish to the square mile than any
body of water in the world.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PECULIAR FACT.
Thousands of People Have Dyspepsia In Its
Worst Form and Do Not Know It.
A weak stomach is the cause of
about nine-tenths of all disease, yet in
! most cases the wrong thing is treated
! and the true cause overlooked.
This is because a weak digestion pro-
! duces symptoms resembling nearly
j every disease, because it weakens and
I disturbs the action of every nerve and
I organ In the body; poor digestion
causes heart trouble, kidney troubles,
lung weakness and especially nervous
! breakdown or nervous prostration; the
nerves cannot stand the wear and tear
unless generously fed by well digested,
wholesome food.
Keep the digestion good and no one
need fear the approach of disease.
Mrs. M. H. Lee of Rochester, N. V.,
writes: For the sake of suffering hu-
! manity I want to say that from a child
I I had a very weak stomach, threw up
j my food very often after eating, and
; after a few years' nervous dyspepsia
: resulted, and for more than twenty
i years I have suffered inexpressibly.
I tried many physicians and adver-
tised remedies, with only temporary re-
lief for nervous dyspepsia, and not un-
til I commenced taking Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets last September, six
: months ago, have I been free from suf-
1 fering, caused by the condition of my
i nerves and stomach; in short, chronic
I nervous dyspepsia.
I have recommended Stuart's Dys-
; pepsia Tablets to many of my friends,
j and now I want in a public way to say |
i they are the safest, pleasantest and I
| believe surest cure for stomach and
i nerve troubles. I write my honest i
| opinion, and I will gladly answer any i
letter of inquiry at any time and feel
■ that I am, in my small way, helping on
| a good cause.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is not a
patent medicine, but they contain only
the fruit salts, digestive acids and
i peptones necessary to help the weak
| stomach to promptly and thoroughly
; digest food.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at 50 cents for full-sized pack-
age, and any one suffering from ner-
vous dyspepsia, sour stomach, head-
aches, acidity, gases, belching, etc.,
will find them not only a quick relief
but a radical cure.
Send to Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.,
for little book describing cause and
cure of stomach troubles, giving symp-
toms and treatment of the various
forms of indigestion.
000000000000000000
ll T -"-* F* A LACE *-wg
% GRAND HOTBLso
! q SAN FRANCISCO. /
_ Connected by a covered passageway. "
~ 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O all Uxder Oxe Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
q European Plan . 8 1 . OO per day and upward -»
• ** American Plan. S3. oo per day and upward"
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
O JOHN C. EIKKPATEIOK, Manager. Q
000000000000000000
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
OQQ MARKET ST.. OPi». PAJL.ACB
000 Hotel. Telephone 670. Re#ldeno« Ml
Valencia rtrwt, T«l*i>boa«. 'X-Tturch" U.
AMUSEMENTS.
fiSjEgk SIX FREE LECTURES
rfrY£p^pl On Spirit, Soul Phrenology and Health,
>^J6 £ at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE en
\ JU Fifth it., near Market, by
MRS. O. S. FOWLER,
Widow of the late Prof 0. 8. Fowltr, the Cele-
brated Phrenologist of New York.
Wednesday, March 16, T:3O p. m.— "Afflictions
of Women," ladies only.
Friday, March 13. 8 p. m.— "Manhood; Its
Virtues and Faults,' ' gentlemen only.
Saturday. March' 19, 8 p. m.— "Electricity;
Its Application to Disease." .
Classes taught the application of electricity
to cure disease, beginning March 22. Phre-
nological examinations 'dally from Da. m. till
9 p. m. until March 31, at the California Hotel,
on Bush St., near Kearny.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Wed., March 16.
Parquet (any seat), 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part. ; L ' '
Will H. Fox. comedian-pianist; Bush & For-
rest, comedy sketch artists; Athas & Collins,
Australia's favorites; Mr. and Mrs. Tom Mc-
Intosh. ebony fun; Jose Quintet, greatest vocal-
ists; Josephine Babel, vivacious chanteuse, in-
troducing the great Human Music Sheet— oo col-
ored vocalists; Rudinoff, fantastic delineator;
Webb & Hassan, hand acrobats; Smith & Cook,-
dancing comedians, ■ -
Y. M. C. AUDITORIUM.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT !-AT 8:15.
SECOND "VTOIjIISr
RBOITAL,
MARTEAU!
Accompanied by
LACHAUME,
FijftjsnsT.
— AN ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME
. Reserved Beats, $1 50. at the San Francisco
Musio Store. 225 Butter st
CUPID IN CALIFORNIA.
A Sparkling Picture Comedy 'by James
Howard Bridge, Illustrated by over Three
Hundred Beautiful Views. . . : • . ,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MARCH 16.
GOLDEN GATE HALL, 625 SUTTER ST.
8 O'CLO^v.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ].
HOW TO FINF OUT.
Fill a bottle or common glass with
your water and let it stand twenty-four
hours; a sediment or settling indicates
an unhealthy condition of the kidneys;
if it stains your linen it is evidence of
kidney trouble; too frequent desire to
pass it or pain in the back is also con-
vincing proof that the kidneys and
bladder are out of order.
WHAT TO DO.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
fulfills every wish in relieving pain in
the back, kidneys, liver, bladder and
every part of the urinary passages. It
corrects inability to hc-ld water and
scalding pains in passing it, or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to get up
many times during the night. The mild
and the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root is soon realized. It stands the
highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distressing cases. If you need a
medicine you should have the best. Sold
by druggists; price fifty cents and one
dollar. You may have a sample bottle
and pamphlet both sent free by mail
upon receipt of three two-cent stamps
to cover cost of postage on the bottle.
Mention San Francisco Daily Call, and
send your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. Y. The proprietors of
this paper guarantee the genuineness of
this offer.
SAINT MAI'S HOSPITAL
—AND—
HOME FOH THE CARE OFTHE INEBRIATE
Corner Stockton and Chestnut Streets,
Is Open for the Reception of Patients, Under
" '\ \ * ' . Care: of .
DR. S. P. TUGGLE,
Superintendent and Resident Physician.
Down-town Office— S. E. CORNER GEARY
AND STOCKTON STREETS, , over City et
Paris; 2 to 4 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS. ■ ' "
/SUOIANJXfi 60TH0B ft 08 U9SU9 »«uucn»
Every Evening (Including Sunday),
MATINEE SATURDAY.
All This and Next Week. .*
MOST EXCELLENT LAUOHINO.
Madeleine Lucette Ryley'a Merry Comedy, the
MYSTERIOUS
MR. BUGLE!
Presented by
JOSEPH HOLLAND
And a Splendid Cast.
; ':■ Sunday Night Begins the Last Week.
SEATS NOW READY,
Coming— ANNA HELD. ■ "
tiSo&imMz cJfilalrc
VTRIEOIANOtH GOTTIOB &C» itsm* • ******
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
PRIMROSE & WEST'S BIG
MINSTRELS.
A HOST OF LEADING STARS!
A LONG LIST OF FEATURES!
! EXTRA. . .
...NEXT MONDAY...
: America's Greatest Indoor Show,
RICE'S
"1492!"
60- PEOPLE— 6O
Handsome Accessories. Beauty GaJor*.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
#RtCOLANO£O 60TTlOSaC*u»Ull»n«utu»
You Had Better Secure Your Seats at Once!
The Great Farce Comedy Succes*.
TOWN TOPICS.
With the Celebrated
WORLD. KELLER AND MACK.
Prices — 15c, -. .c and f>oc — No higher.
COMING— F. Marion Crawford.
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
] Walter Moroseo Sole Lessee and Manager
I Sims & Buchanan's Great Irish Racing Drama,
THE
M MM W
ENGLISH
ROSE!
PICTURESQUE IRISH SCENERY. \ '
" JAUNTING CAR.
CELTIC WIT AND COMEDY.
RUINS OF BALLY-VEENEY.
Evening prices— loc. 25c, 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
i TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mug. Eii.Nff3Ti.vE Kkei.ing. Proprietor &3Uagag3?
LAST NIGHTS
Of the Brilliant Japanese Musical Comedy,
"THE GEISHA!"
The Prettiest Production of the Year.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING— Special Produc-
tion of
The Most Laughable of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW/ O'BRIEN,"
BONG DANCE HUMOR.
POPULAR PRICES 25 AND 60 CENTS. " "
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv- .
Ice no orders for seats will be received here-
after.
ALCAZAR. T A »-
Seats THIS WEEK ONLY.
15c MATINEE SATURDAY.
25; The Laughable Comedy > Drama. . ,
111 | "THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY!"
. Next Week a Rattling Faroe,
"THE GIRL UP, TO DATE."
PRONOUNCED BY PRESS AND PUBLIC
GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.
...Z00...
'IN THE ; CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
CHIQUITA AND A BIG PERFORMANCE.
Including Captain Cardono'B Group of Trained,
Lions.
Feeding of the Carnivore, at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo. etc.; Children, 5c
RACING! RACING! RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1897-98. Beginning MONDAY,
March 7, to March 19, Inclusive. -
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. .'" i~; ,
RACING HOKDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
-RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP. — —
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m.
and 12:30. 1:00. • 1:30. 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m..
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy ' your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound. Returning— Trains leave the track at
4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and Immediately after the
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. »
HI VMPIA Corner of Mt«on and
ULiwrm Eddy Str9ett
' America's most beautiful music hall. ■ Great-
est free bill In the world. ADAM SISTERS,
balladlsts ; MONTALAIS, : soubrette; LESLIE,
vocalist; MARION, danseuse; MT'LLIN & -
WARD, novelty boxing; ARNELDO anil tea
others. House heated. -;-■ Admission free. - *
78
A DEBAUCH
THAT ENDED
IN PRISON
Bob Hamilton Has His
Face Slapped and
Is Arrested.
Ho and Denny Oliver
Want Satisfaction and
Get It
Two Young Fellows Meet
With Unexpected Pun
ishment.
BOTH OF HIGH LINEAGE.
Wh»t Resulted From an Opprobrious
Epithet Appllod to George Kent
Hooper.
Considerable whisky and a slight
sense of offended dignity are the pri
mary causes that led the scions of two
prominent and wealthy San Francisco
families to the dungeon last night.
Young Robert Hamilton and his friend
and companion, D. J. Oliver, com
monly known as "Denny, the Duke,"
on account of his noble ancestry,
he being a nephew of the late
Marquis D. J. Oliver, wandered into
the office of the Occidental Hotel some
what the worse for dining.
Staggering up to the desk they pro
ceeded to gaze at the register and were
soon in an animated controversy as to
whether there were one or two regis
ters in front of them. Finally Hamil
ton, introducing himself to George
Hooper, who was on watch at the time,
appealed to him to settle the dispute.
Mr. Hooper told him there was but one
register there. This did not seem to
satisfy Hamilton and he started to ask
a lot of questions, the tenor of which
reflected strongly on the sanity of
young Hooper.
The latter gentleman, at last becom
ing tired of the nonsense, told the two
young fellows to go about their busi
ness and leave him to attend to his.
This was more than the haughty son
of the house of Hamilton could bear
and, leaning over the desk, he confi
dentially told Mr. Hooper that, in
his opinion, that gentleman was
something exceedingly unpleasant,
which statement was promptly an
swered by a stinging slap on the face.
Now, Mr. Hooper is a youth of slight
physique, while Hamilton, the man
whose face he slapped, tips the scales
at considerably over 200 pounds and
was furthermore assisted by the valor
of his friend, the doughty "Denny,"
whose courage has long since ceased to
be a matter of question, therefore the
bystanders held their breath to see
what would happen next and they saw
it.
His eyes flaming with rage and his
whole person swelling with the virus
of the insult that had been put upon
him, Hamilton took one step toward
Mr. Hooper, then stopped, and, vowing
he would have satisfaction, rushed to
the elevator, followed by his faithful
Denny, bent on going to Major Hooper,
Georgie's father, and informing him
that his naughty son had not played
fair, but had hit Robbie Hamilton real
hard in the face.
The two valiant seekers for ven
geance found the major seated in his
room, and, knocking at his door, forced
themselves past him when he opened
it and seated themselves on his lounge,
where they introduced themselves and
proceeded to unfold their tale of woe.
"You say my son slapped your face,"
eaid the major, when Hamilton had fin
ished. "Well, ain't you big enough to
resent it? What kind of a man are you
anyway to come up here to me blubber
ing like a big calf? Go down and lick
him. if you can, but get out of my room
anyhow. You should be ashamed of
yourself."
The major's visitors, however, re
fused to take the hint, and he was
finally obliged to call a porter to throw
them out of his apartments.
They then went downstairs and were
ordered out of the house, a policeman
escorting them. On the sidewalk they
started to abuse the officer and a large
crowd collected, which brought the
major again on the scene.
He settled the matter by ordering
them both under arrest and sending his
son down with them to the California-
Btreet Police Station to prefer the
charges. At the station they both re
fused to give their names, Oliver tell
ing the sergeant he was a capitalist
without a country and Hamilton regis
tering as Hansen, gold-seeker, of Dyea,
Alaska. They were booked for using
vulgar language and disturbing the
peace and locked up in a cell with sev
eral other common drunks.
In about an hour Hamilton's wife ar
rived in a coupe and going up to the
cage, roundly abused Oliver for lead
ing her husband astray and then bailed
her misguided better half out, leaving
his companion to fare as best he might.
Hamilton finally softened her down
and persuaded her to lend him $20,
which he put up for the benefit of hi 3
henchman and the whole party left the
prison, though it wns noticed that Oli
ver took one way home and Mr. and
Mrs. Hamilton another. Oliver was at
one time a clerk in the City Hall, He
v.-as finally discharged.
The two young fellows have been
making themselves obnoxious to the
guests at the difflerent hotels along
Montgomery street for some time past.
FOUND DROWNED.
The Body of an Unknown Laborer
Floating in the Bay Near Alca
traz Island.
Theodore C. Krohucke of 922 Battery
■treet, while boating near Alcatraz Island
yesterday, found the body of an unknown
man floating in the bay. The body was
towed to the wharf and delivered to the
Coroner.
The man had been in the water a long
while and the features were unrecogniz
able. He was of large size and wore a
blue flannel shirt, heavy boots and striped
trousers. There was considerable coal
dust in his clothes, and this has given rise
to the belief that the deceased may have
been a stoker or a worker on the coal
bunkers. In the pockets wore found 2.">
cents in small change, a pocket-knife, a
white metal watch, with leather chains a
ellver-plated Catholic medal and a small
crucifix.
■ m ■
Dante's Paradise.
Professor Griggs lectured on "Dante's
Paradise" yesterday under the auspices
of the Charming Auxiliary. Next Tues
day he will speak on "Dante's Purga
tory."
. ♦ ■
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never falls. 2oc*
THIS MAN IS CONSIDERED A PERFECT HERCULES.
ALL IN FAVOR OF
THE EXPOSITION
Prominent Citizens Will
ing to Conduct the Pre
liminary Work.
Mayor Phelan Will Name a
Committee Within the
Next Ten Days.
The Celebration May Be Postponed
Until After the Close of the
World's Fair.
Mayor Phelan will, in all probability,
announce before the end of the week
the names of the citizens selected by
him to take charge of the preliminary
details of the exposition to be held in
commemoration of the fiftieth anni
versary of the admission of California
into the Union. At a meeting of rep
resentative citizens held several weeks
ago Mayor Phelan was given power
to name a committee of fifteen to out
line the plan of the celebration, and
also decide on the time of holding it.
In accordance with the spirit of the
meeting, the Mayor sent out on Satur
day last invitations to fifteen of the
best-known citizens of San Francisco,
inviting them to serve on the com
mittee. He has already received eleven
answers, and expects replies from the
others within the next few days. All
of those who have replied to the Mayor
have expressed themselves as being
heartily in accord with the movement.
Five of them have expressed a willing
ness to serve on the committee, and the
others have asked to be excused from
such service because of business en
gagements that preclude the possibility
of their giving the time that will be
required to arrange the preliminary de
tails of the grand celebration.
There has thus far been an expressed
desire on the part of those invited by
the Mayor that the exposition be de
layed until 1901, in order that there be
no conflict with the World's Fair which
will be held in Paris in 1900. It is sug
gested by them that there would be
nothing out of the way in delaying the
exposition until 1901, inasmuch as the
Chicago fair to commemorate the
four hundredth anniversary of the
discovery of America did not take place
until 1893, while America was discov
ered in 1492. They are also of opinion
that if our exposition is not held until
1901 many of the exhibitors at the
World's Fair will ship their exhibits
here and make it a grand international
affair.
Whether the exposition is held in 1900
or not until a year later is not of any
moment so long as it is made a success
and properly brings the attention of the
world not alone to the wondorufl prod
ucts and resources of California but
also to those of the entire Pacific Slope.
The Mayors of many of the leading
cities of the State have promised
hearty support, and that every one is
interested in the project is evidenced
by the following letter of suggestion
sent to Mayor Phelan:
PETAL.UMA, Cal.. March 7, 1897.
Hon. Mayor Phelan— Dear Sir: 1 see by
the papers that you are deeply interested
in the golden wedding of California, which
seems to be right and proper, and I hope
It will be a great success and do honor to
our great State. As a humble citizen of
the State since February, 1858, allow me
to call your attention to a matter which
I think ought to be connected with that
great celebration. It is this: Let all liv
ing in California who have been married
and lived together for fifty years have
some special place in that event, and lot
some good speaker be chosen to set forth
the fact that "marriage is not a failure,"
as some say, but one of the mainstays to
our civil and religious liberties. Do this
for the beneiit of young people especially.
I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient
servant, C. H. CRAWFORD.
Mayor Phelan sent out another batch
of invitations ; yesterday, and expects
that before many days he will have a
committee that will take up the work
of carrying the exposition project to a
successful issue. He will not announce
the committee, however, until he has
the acceptances, of fifteen prominent
■citizens who will be able to give the
time required to the movement.
■ ♦ «
PRIVILEGES ALLOWED.
Proceedings of the Fire Department
Committee Yesterday.
The Fire Department Committee of the
Board of Supervisors decided yesterday to
allow M; A. Gunst to construct a bow
window on the Bush-street side of his ;
building on Bush and Montgomery )
streets. .
it was also decided to recommend that
A. Schwartz be allowed to build two
show-windows to extend six Inches over
the sidewalk at the premises 36 Kearny
street.
Assistant Chief Engineer Shaughnessy
reported that neither alteration would
conflict with the city ordinances and that
they should be allowed.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnin- Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if It fails to cure
26c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on eacn tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898.
JAMES J. JEFFRIES, THE HEAVY-WEIGHT CHAMPION PUGILIST OF CALIFORNIA, WHO
IS MATCHED TO FIGHT PETER JACKSON.
THE next great fistic contest will be
held under the auspices of the
Olympic Club on Tuesday evening
at Woodward's Pavilion.
The principal feature of the en
tertainment will be a meeting of
the whitp and colored giants of the ring,
nanit-ly, Peter Jackson, champion heavy
weight of England and the Australias,
weight 200 pounds, and James J. Jeffries,
champion heavy weight of the Pacific
Coast, weight 210 pounds.
The articles of agreement state that
the contest is to be twenty rounds, and
that a referee, if not Belected .by the prin
cipals by 2 o'clock of the day of the figrht,
will be appointed by the directors of the
club, and his decision shall be final.
Jeffries has been training in Oakland
for several weeks under the eye of Pro
fessor Billy Delaney, and it goes without
saying that the big fighter could not have
DARING ATTEMPT
AT BURGLARY
Disturbed by the Occupants of
the House Thieves Make
Their Escape.
Ransack Nearly Every Room, but
Nothiny of Great Value
Is Missed.
A most daring but unsuccessful at
tempt to rob the residence of Mrs.
Charles R. Peters. 1120 Hyde street, was
n.ade at about 9:30 o'clock last night.
Access was pained by opening one of the
front windows by the use of a jimmy.
In entering- the house the burglars stum
bled over several pots of flowers, break
ing them and scattering the pieces over
the floor of the room. It is evident that
they at once made for the dining-room,
wlu-re the silver is kept. After having
piled several pieces of silvfrwarn on the
dining-room table they ransacked a side
board, emptying its contents on the floor.
All of the valuable .silverware was locked
in a closet in the dining-room, the key
of which had been carelessly left lying
upon the marble of the sideboard, and
SHE SEEKS A DIVORCE.
Edna Wallace Hopper, the clever little actress, has determined that her
marital ties must be severed. Late yesterday afternoon she filed suit in the
Superior Court in this city for a divorce from her husband, William de
Wolf Hopper, alleging as a cause of action that over a ye«ar ago he de
serted her and has since refused to return and make her home his. It was
not long ago that Mrs. Hopper complained of her husband in an Eastern
Court and asked that her marriage be annulled, and now she trusts to the
legal machinery of the West to free her from an unhappy alliance.
William de Wolf Hopper and his wife are very prominent in the his
trionic world. They were married in June of 1894 at Newark, New Jersey,
and were looked upon until lately as the most contented of married people.
Finally a difficulty sprang up between them and all the attempts of friends
to bring about a reconciliation were futile. In consequence a court epi
sode will be the last in their life together.
selected a more competent guardian
among the men of the country who pro
fess to be famous as trainers and hand
lers of fighters. Jeffries la now in tip-top
condition, and la ready at a moment's no
tice to face the music of Jackson's pon
derous "dukes."
He remarked yesterday that he expect
ed a hard battle, but with youth and
strength on his side he is of the opinion
that the once famous colored heavy
weight cannot hold out very long against
the attacks that will be made on him next
Tuesday evening.
Jeffries is very co.-'ildent of whipping
the champion of the old countries. He
does not underrate Jackson's great clev
erness, but he contends that every fight
er has his day, and that Jackson has long
passed the zenith of his prime; still ho ex
pectfl to see Peter give a great account of
himself for ten or twelve pounds.
which was carelessly overlooked by the
reckless robbers. Leaving tne lower part
of the house they entered an unoccupied
bedroom on the second floor, emptying
the drawers of a bureau and throwing
the mattress of a bed into the center of
the floor. Leaving this room they en
tered a storeroom containing trunks filled
with linen and wearing apparel. While
ransacking this room they wore heard
by Mrs. Mary E. Warren, an elderly lady,
the mother of Mrs. Peters. Noticing a
liKht In the room she at once suspected
.something wrong and called her daugh
ter, who alarmed the burglars by loudly
knocking upon her door. Upon this they
ran downstairs and out of the house.
Mrs. Peters thei opened a window and
blew a police whistle, which brought the.
officers to the place. A thorough search
of the premises and neighborhood was
made by the officers, but no clew was
found.
The early hour at which the burglars
entered the house would indicate that
they believed the occupants to be absent
from home, as the house was in total
darkness, both Mrs. Peters and her
mother, the only occupants of the house,
having retired before 9 o'clock. After a
thorough investigation it in believed that
nothing of value was taken, the only
thing missing being part of a bottle of
whisky with which the burglars had re
galed themselves during their presence in
the dining-room.
Whittier School Agent.
William D. Wasson of the Report has
been made agent of the Whittier School
in this city. It will be the duties of the
ng-ent in part to look for such children
as are running at large in the streets of
this city in such a condition as to justify
their detention with a view of their be
ing cent to the Whittier School.
"I like this place very much to train,"
said Jeffries. "The Reliance Club boys are
all first-class fellows, and I am greatly
indebted to them for the privileges they
have extended to me. But somehow this
is a great place for catching black eyes.
Ryan when he trained here caught a
beautiful smash in the eye and so did his
trainer. Yesterday while boxing with my
brother his head came in contact with my
left eye, and you can see for yourself the
result."
Cjuito a gash was made over the optic,
which has placed it in temporary mourn
ing. But it will be Itself again in a few
days.
As may be seen by a glance at the pic
ture represented the big heavy weight is
in splendid condition, and if he fails to
lower the colors of his opponent his de
feat cannot certainly be attributed to a
lack of training and grand physical con
dition.
BERRY WILL NOT
DELAY HIS TRIP
Says That There Is No Merit
in the Suit Com
menced.
Looks Upon th» Action Brought by
James Bethel as an Attempt
at Extortion.
Clarence J. Berry, the Klondike king,
who intends sailing for Alaska within the
next few days, to bring home his full
share of the output of his claims in the
frozen Northwest territory, was yesterday
served with a summons and copy of a.
complaint in which he is made defendant
in a civil suit for $25,000. Berry was not
taken by surprise, having read in The
Call yesterday morning that suit had been
brought against him in Fresno by James
Bethel, who alleges that he lost the sight
of his right eye on account of a beating
received from Berry. Bethel asks in his
complaint for |20,000 damages for the loss
of the eye and $5000 for the excruciating
pain he suffered after the beating.
"I look upon the suit as an attempt to
extort money from me," said Berry last
evening, "for it is entirely without merit.
The circumstances attending the alleged
assault," he added, "can be told in few
words. Bethel engaged in a row with
Dr. Majors, a veterinary surgeon, at the
town of Selma in June, 1892. 1 was an on
looker but did not interfere until Bethel
drew a knife on Dr. Majors. I then step
ped up and demanded that Bethel give
me the knife, saying at the same time
that if he wanted to tigHt he should fic'ei
in a manly way. Bethel struck at ru?
with the knife, and to this day I bear this
scar between the thumb and forefinger of
my left hand to show where the knife
blade caught me.
•'1 struck Bethel after being cut and he
fell to the sidewalk. He still had posses
sion of the knife when I struck him, and
in falling with the knife still in his hand
he inflicted the wound which resulted in
the loss of the sight of his right eye.
Bethel then gave the knife to me and I
turned it over to an officer. Over fifty
people were present at the time, and will
bear me out in what I say. Bethel had
both Majors and myself arrested and we
were both acquitted. Judge Cullen, in
dismissing the case against me, said that
I was entitled to credit for having inter
fered to prevent a possible murder. Is
it not strange," asked Berry, in conclu
sion, "that suit should now be brought
against me? I have been in Fresno for
months, yet Bethel made no attempt to
bring suit or serve summons on me. The
day I left he filed his complaint and had
the summons served on me here to-day,
probably expecting that in order to go to
Alaska I would compromise. I Intend
leaving for the gold fields within the next
few days and will not delay for a minute
on account of the suit."
French Scholars Disputing.
The attorneys in the extradition pro
ceedings in the case of Oyama Kenichi,
the Japanese forger, spent the whole of I
yesterday forenoon in United States Com
missioner Heacoek's office disputing as
to the correctness of the translation of
the documents in French issued by the
Swiss vice-consul at Yokohama. The dis
cussion will be resumed at 2 p. m. to-day.
A Liie Sentence.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the de
cision and sentence of the Superior Court
of this city in the matter of Woon Tuck
Wo. The accused was sentenced to im
prisonment for life in the State prison for
killing a fellow Chinese. The appeal was
made on technicalities which the higher
court would not entertain as having any
merit.
MAY BE CITED
FOR CONTEMPT
Attorney James H. Long
in an Awkward
Position.
He Is Accused of Making False
Statements to Judge
Low.
— — — — — "
Another Acute Stage of the Trouble
Between Him and Prosecuting
Attorney Reynolds.
The misunderstanding between Attorney
James H. Long and Prosecuting Attorney-
Reynolds of Judge Low's court ov.er pool
room cases has reached another acute
stage.
Several days ago Long took occasion,
while speaking to a question of privilege
before Judge Low, to call Reynolds a con
temptible cur, and Reynolds retaliated
by characterizing Long as a low, dirty
liar.
The new cause of the trouble is the case
of Richard Creighton charged with violat
ing the poolroom ordinance. The case
was assigned to Judge Low's court and it
was set for trial by jury yesterday after
noon. Reynolds had, in view of the diffi
culty in getting a conviction, secured the
services of ex-Judge Murphy as special
prosecutor, of which fact Long was ad
vised. '
During Reynolds' temporary absence
from the courtroom Monday Long ap
peared and addressing the Judge said:
"In the case of Richard Creighton, charg
ed with violating the pool ordinance, it
has been arranged between the parties
that a continuance should be granted foi
a week and 1 would therefore ask your
honor to fix the trial for March 22 and
then we will all be ready to proceed."
The venire had been sent out, but in the
circumstances the Judge continued the
case as requested and withdrew the ve
nire.
All this was done without the knowledge
or consent of Reynolds, and when he
heard yesterday morning that the case
had been postponed he asked the Judge
for an explanation. After hearing 1 it he
denied having been approached by Long
in regard to a continuance and said that
Long had been guilty of making a state
ment that was utterly false. The wit
nesses had been subpenaed and would be
in court at 2 o'clock. Thinking that possi
bly Long had made an arrangement with
ex-Judge Murphy, Reynolds called upon
him and was assured that he had not
spoken to Long for months. Ex-Judg«
Murphy decided to have Long brought up
for contempt of court and Judge Low
agreed to be in court at 2 o'clock to con
sider any proposition that might be laid
before him.
Secretary Green of the racetrack and
other witnesses were in court at 2 o'clock
and were much chagrined when they
learned that the case had been postponed
without being notified of the fact. After
the matter was talked over it was de
cided to try the case to-morrow after
noon and then the question of citing Lon&
for contempt of court will be determined.
Divorce Suits Filed.
The following suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: William H. Roseman
against Mary L. Roseman on the ground
of infidelity; Ada B. Huppman against
Arthur Huppman on the ground of cru
elty; Mrs. M. C. Thomas against J. C.
Thomas on the ground of failure to pro
vide; Leah Weyle against Ernest Weyle
on the ground of failure to provide; Mrs.
C. M. Lynch against P. K. Lynch on the
ground of failure to provide; Jennie Har
mon against George B. Harmon on the
ground of failure to provide; Mary L.
Bauer against George C. Bauer on the
ground of desertion, and Susie A. Harley
against William N. Harley on the ground
of failure to provide.
Father Woods on Explosives.
Rev. Henry Woods, S. J., delivered a
lecture last evening under the auspices of
the Young Men's Institute on "Ex
plosives, Physically and Chemically Con
sidered," at St. Ignatius College Hall.
The discourse was divided in two parts,
the first the discussion of the principles,
the second the application of the prin
ciples. A programme of music and lit
erary selections followed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"■^SgMPUCITY
tSP&^w/p£^llj V \^^SSm ust sl ' m P l y a P ure extract of prime
C/^ l?fols*ri@!zM y^ffi beef— that's Liebig COMPANY'S
r^L iPii^^^rafxi Extract. Highly concentrated. No
f '^**Tf^^T'"^^3^\ /^ S adulteration. Be sure you get the
(♦ S """ r J i4^Sr* genuine with blue signature and
I? m wb-»J^hL i!4tic^^r\^/ avoid disappointment with inferior
Ue^f^^^^liox^^^^L II " ' C °° k B ° Ok showing many delicious ways of
M^BBrr-' J VfN'NSQAT' \\7*W CSi ° B "' Bent free to hon » e^eepers. Ad-
|y^^fee^^s)/'^-W-llii > ' dresa Co-. P-O. Box 2718, Xew York.
B
**^!m^ J EXTRAGT oF EEFF P^
t/vi iirivi L»LLI«
ASSIGNED
TO ANOTHER
DISTRICT
Sergeant Coogan to
the North End
Station.
Oeutenant Birdsall Did
Not Like Him and He
Was Removed.
Peculiar Action of Wittman,
the Captain of the Central
Police Station.
HARPER GETS HIS PLACE,
Determined Attempt to Dlsgrao« an
Officer Who Did His
Duty.
Captain Wittman announced yester
day that he had decided to transfer
Sergeant Clarence Coogan, who for
some months past has had charge of
the tenderloin district, to the North
End Station. His successor is Sergeant
Harper, who seems to be a pet of tha
Captain of the Central Station.
Coogan was appointed sergeant sev
eral months ago, and during his brief
career in the tenderloin district he
made a brilliant record. Before being
appointed to the position which he now
occupies he was a patrolman on Larkin
street.
About a week ago Lieutenant Bird
sail, who for some reason seems deter
mined to degrade Coogan in the eyes of
his fellow officers, appealed to Wittman
to transfer the new sergeant. He rep
resented that Coogan and Blank, also
a sergeant, were not on speaking terms,
which considerably annoyed him. Af
ter listening to his story, Wittman,
without consulting the Chief of Police
or the Police Commissioners, decided to
assign Coogan to another district.
To a reporter last Monday night
Wittman, who seems determined to rid
the department of new sergeants in
order to make room for his pets, ad
mitted that Birdsall had complained
against Coogan.
"After I was told that Coogan and
Blank were not on friendly terms," he
remarked, "I sent for the former and
read the riot act to him. I told him
that if he wanted to stay in the depart
ment it would be necessary for him to
make up with Blank. He refused to do
it, claiming that Blank had no desire
to speak to him, as they could never
agree. I told him I thought he was
getting swell-headed, and threatened
to transfer him. I subsequently spoke
to Blank about the in-feeling between
him and Coogan, and he offered to
shake hands with him and call it
square. lam running this department,
and intend that the sergeants shall be
on speaking terms, or I Avill see that
they are relieved of the stars."
"Wittman has also announced that he
intends to transfer Blank to the Mis
sion district just as soon as the Com
missioners appoint a successor to the
graced sergeant, Davis.
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
Appointed on the Division Staff — A
Slight to the Major-General.
Major W. A. Halstead, commissary on
the staff of Brigadier General R. H. War-
I field, Second Brigade, N. G. C. for a
long time connected with the old First
Regiment Infantry, has been appointed
ordnance officer on the staff of Major
General Dickinson, vice Lieutenant Col
onel William Edwards, whose resignation
was accepted last week.
There has been considerable comment
in National Guard circles over the fact
that at the reception tendered by Briga
dier General Warfield and the officers of
the Second Brigade to the division
commander last Saturday night neither
Major C. L. Tilden, formerly com
mander of Company G of the First In
fantry, nor Captain Sutliffe, now com
manding that company, nor Captain
Dumbrell, commanding Company C, nor
any of the lieutenants of those two com
panies, were present to pay their re
spects. These two companies are what
are commonly known as the Nationals,
and since the Sacramento strike the best
| of feeling has not existed between the of
ficers and Major General Dickinson, and
[ the knowing ones say that their absence
from the reception was not accidental.
MRS. BELL'S ALLOWANCE.
Ordered Beduced From $1500 to 8100
a Month by Superior Judge
Coffey.
The "House of Mystery." the home of
the Bells, must in future be run on the
modest sum of $100 a month. For many
years Mrs. Theresa Bell, guardian of the
household, has enjoyed the yearly allow
ance of $IS,OOO, but Judge Coffey yester
day reached the conclusion that the sum
was far beyond that required by the fam
ily, and he cut it down to $1200.
The action of Judge Coffey was precipi
tated by a statement filed by the Califor
nia and" D. O. Mills banks, principal cred
itors of the Bell estate. The statements
show that the estate is now incumbered
in the sum of over $300,000. and that the
interest on this amount and the expenses
of administration on the estate amount
to about $25,000 a year. The income of the
estate is not great enough to pay this in
debtedness if the family allowance re
mained as ordered by the court In 1895,
and yesterday the order was vacated.
The administrators of the estate have
been ordered to show cause why the or
der of the court made yesterday should
not stand, and should it be their opinion
that the amount is large enough it will be
allowed to stand. y/CONFESSION
WHILE YOU
ARE WAITING
How Yellow Journal
ists Harrow the
Soul of Guilt.
Ten Thousand Dollars
Offered Hoff to Declare
Himself a Murderer.
Told He Might Have a Lawyer
With a Pull and Wit
nesses to Suit.
LAWYERS IN ODD ROLES.
Trying to Sell a Statement Condemn
ing the Man They Are Paid
for Defending.
The business of wresting confessions
from the unwilling bosoms in which
they lie only awaiting a hypnotic touch
to spring out as declarations dripping
with gore received an airing last night.
It is a queer business, anyhow, had ex
cited a measure of interest, and the
public was glad to learn the particu
lars. The modern style of yellow jour
nal keeps an expert who devotes him
self mainly to the harrowing up the
souls of accused people, inducing them
to expose themselves to contumely and
the bodies wherein they are tenants,
to such exigencies as hanging.
In the investigation of Attorney Ben
jamin W. Mclntosh before Superior
Judge Cook upon the charge of an at
tempt to sell an alleged confession of
his client — for short, Albert Hoff, the
evidence adduced tended to show that
Koff, like Hamlet's mother, had been
called upon to confess himself to heav
en, and to "repent what's past, avoid
what is to come."
Attorney W. H. Schooler, the leading
counsel in the defense of Hoff against
the charge of the murder of Mrs. Mary
Clute, and with whom Mclntosh was
associated in the case, in connection
with Attorney E. J. Hill, appeared as
counsel for Mclntosh in the investiga
tion. In his evidence as given last
night he told of an interview that he
had had with Hoff. in which the pris
oner described to him a certain visit
that had been paid him by John F.Con
nors, confession editor of the Exam
iner. Connors, he said, had offered the
prisoner the magnificent sum of $10,000
in greenbacks to make to him an up
to-date, sensational confession for the
ex< lusive use of the paper.
This had been previously denied by
Connors when he was upon the stand,
and also in a degree by W. F. Britt,
an amateur in the confession line, who
stated that he was present during the
greater part of the interview between
i'r nnors and Hoff. This interview was
held In the City Jail.
The investigation was begun prompt
,t 7:30 o'clock, with District Attor
ney Barnes for the prosecution. Hoff,
ileged murderer, was in the court,
but interested spectator of the
m .ceedings. Attorney Mclntosh en
ured the court about five minutes after
it had been called to order. He took
THE CONFESSION EDITOR AND HIS METHODS.
a seat by Hoff, near Attorneys Schooler
and Hill, and the quartet engaged in
much whispered conversation. _
The contempt of court proceedings
upon which Mclntosh had been sum
moned cited at some length that he had
failed to maintain the respect due the
court, and that he had failed to main
tain inviolate ita confidence and secrets
and that he had told Connors that Hoff
had confessed his guilt, and offered for
a consideration of money to sell It.
Summons had also been issued for At
torney Edgar B. Haymond, but the court
officials had been unable to find him.
. The contempt of court proceedings
against him set forth with much legal
verbiage that he was guilty of inter
ference with the proceedings of the
court, calculated to prevent the secur
ing of a Jury to try the cause, and to
improperly influence those that had al
ready been sworn. . • _
Molntosh presented an affidavit
which was read by his counsel, it being
his answer to the court to the charges
as set forth in the affidavit of Connors.
In it he denied in general and particu
lar the charges embodied in Connors'
davit. : , -
«A Connors, in the affidavit he filed with
T^idge ' Cook, - stated in substance that
he had met Mclntosh on March 1 13, ; and
that he had had an interview with him
in the presence of Edgar B. Haymond,
In which he offered to sell Hoff's*con
fession to the Examiner for $2000. V Hay
mond had been acting as Mclntosh s
agent, and he had intimated to Con
Actress Who Kisses
Divinely.
Mile. Anna Held, who bathes in milk
and kisses divinely, is on her way here to
open at the Baldwin Theater at the con
clusion of the present engagement of
Joseph Holland.
That Miss Held should be on her way
here is nothing very remarkable nor Is
the fact that she is going to play at the
Baldwin a subject of comment. There,
have been other theatrical stars of more
or less magnitude who have been on their
way to this city before now and who have
not only kissed divinely, but who have
bathed in champagne as well as milk.
Consequently it is not that Miss Held is
coming that excites interest, but the man
ner of her coming. She will arrive here
in a style never before indulged in by
even the greatest of her profession, and
when her attendants as well as her sur
roundings are considered it is a safe bet
that nothing will follow that will equal
her until circus season again approaches.
Miss Held travels in a private car of
passing magnificence and her companions
are a parrot, that swears with fluency in
several modern and one or two ancient
languages; a pair of monkeys of the long
tailed and bewhiskered variety; two cats
and a small dog, who serve to make
things interesting when the fair Held is
suffering from ennui produced by long
vistas of sage brush and alkali.
The car in which Miss Held not only
travels but in which she lives is proba
bly the most elegant of its kind on
wheels. It was originally built by the
Harlan & Hollingsworth Company of
nors that $100 was in it for him if the
deal could be consummated.
The affidavit furthr set forth with
great nicety of detail the numerous
meetings between Haymond and Mc
lntosh and the Examiner representa
tives for the purpose of selling the
confession, but the attorney hung to
! the $2000 mark with the tenacity of a
i Wall-street broker, and there was
where the rub came in, for in the judg
ment of the confession editor, there had
been a slump in the confession market.
• That class of stock being off several
\ points he and the Examiner could not
see it at $2000. There was yet another
1 obstacle blocking the bargain. The
Examiner wanted to be sure that the
) confession was genuine. It could not
with its well known reputation afford
to publish an untruth even for the sake
of sensation. Thus the confession edi
tor and the attorney had bickered un
til both got angry.
District Attorney Barnes first placed
upon the stand Thomas B. Sullivan of
the Examiner, who told of the negotia
tions between his paper and Attorneys
Haymond and Mclntosh so far as he
was acquainted with them. He was
followed by Connors. The confession
editor talked in a dignified, calm and
positive manner, as became one of his
responsible position. There was no
hesitancy in* his replies. Every move
ment that he made was deliberate, and
he did not look like a man who had
shattered records for getting confes
sions on short notice. Yet it was known
tlat criminals of wary shade suffered
terribly until they had poured their woes
into his willing ear. He told of his in
terview with Haymond and Mclntosh,
and also of the one that he had with
He denied that he offered him a cent
for a confession. He admitted, how
ever that he had upon one occasion of
fered him some of his Perfecto Regalia
cigars, and that he had given him some
money to purchase oil, bo that he might
have it to burn in his lamp. Relative
to the purchase of the confession Con
nors stated that he had said that the
confession would have to be properly
attested. He admitted that the price
desired by Haymond had been more
than he thought the confession was
worth, and he had attempted to have a
few dollars knocked off.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898.
SHE BATHES IN MILK.
Wilmington, Del., on an order from Lil
lian Langtry and cost $37,000. It was se
cured by Miss Held from the Jersey
Lilly's representatives for the modest
sum of $22,000.
The interior of the car resembles a lux
uriously furnished fiat more than any
thing else, in which is a sumptuously fur
nished reception room, a cozy dining
room, sleeping apartments and buffet.
The furnishings and upholstery of the en
tire car are on a. scale of magnificence
bordering on the extravagant and not one
detail of comfort is lacking.
Adjoining the reception room is the pri
vate apartment of Miss Held herself. It
is upholstered in silk and stored beneath
the bed is the bath tub, in which each
Thomas Garrett, a large man, under
stood to be the city editor of the Ex
aminer, followed next and told the
court of Haymond's visit to his office
in his efforts to sell the confession. Af
ter learning the nature of the confes
sion he had said to Haymond that it
was not worth the price; that it was
not as interesting as some other con
fessions that he had previously pub
lished. Finally, upon being pushed by
Haymond for some definite answer, he
had told him that he must wait twen
ty-four hours for bis decision, as he
desired time to think. That was the
shortest space of tifne, as a well-bal
anced and rational ctyy editor, in which
he could hope to arrive at any conclu
sions from his thinker.
Attorney Schooler after being sworn
stated that Mclntosh had been asso
ciated in the defense of Hoff with him
self ever since the preliminary exami
nation. He had been told by Mclntosh
that Hoff had something of importance
to tell him, and that he had gone to see
his client. Hoff told him of the visit
that he had received from Connors and
of the offer of $10,000 that had been
made for a confession.
When he went to see his client Hoff
said to him: "Mr. Schooler, we will
have plenty of money now. Connors
has been here and offered me $10,000 to
confess."
Hoff then told Schooler that Connors
had said to him: "I have come to see
you as your friend. I want to help
you. Now, you are guilty; everybody
knows it and believes it, and I want
you v to confess it all to me. I will be
your comforter. I will get you a law
yer who has a pull and I will furnish
you with witnesses who will have influ
ence with the jury. Do not refuse my
offer."
"On this side" (and the confession
editor pointed to the outside of the
prison walls) "lies freedom, while
there" (and he motioned in an ominous
way to the dreaded San Quentin) "ia
the gallows and death."
Then Ho" says the magnanimous
confession editor pulled from his coat
pocket- a much-bethumbed Bible, one
he said had been given to him by some
criminal woman, who had made an ex
clusive confession to him, and placing
the holy book upon his knee told Hoff
to place his hand upon it. Hoff laid his
right hand upon the Bible, and Connors
said to him, "No, put your left hand
on the book, for it is nearer your heart
and gives better results in confessions;
now swear by Almighty God in heaven
that you killed Mrs. Mary Clute."
Quick and sharp, with no hesitancy,
Hoff swore, but his words se:.t the cold
chills down the co fession editor's back,
for upon his ears fell the statement, "I
swear before viod that I did not kill
Mrs. Clute."
This ended the taking of testimony
last night. It will be resumed this af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock, when it is the
intention of the court to have Hay
mond present if he can be found. Hoff
was not allowed to go upon the stand.
THE ACCUSED IS NERVOUS
Becomes Greatly Excited When
a Witness Adds a Link to
the Chain Against Him.
Albert Frederick George Verenesen
j eckockockhoff, whom it is alleged
I stained his hands with the blood of
j Mrs. Mary Clute, is a bundle of nerves,
; and each nerve is completely un
strung. Yesterday, during the progress
of his case, he could scarcely contain
himself, and when a witness would add
a link to the chain of evidence against
him he would spring from his chair
and advise his attorneys as to how to
proceed in his behalf. When the case
' closed for the evening he appeared im
i mensely relieved, but he must face
i many similar scenes before his fate is
determined by the twelve men that
: hold his life in their hands.
L: W. Decker was the first witness
I called by the prosecution. His testi
mony was practically the same as that
he gave at the preliminary examina
tion; that on December 16 last he met
the defendant at Gertte's saloon and
I advised him to give himself up to the
police.
E. B. Clute, the husband of the mur
morning this venus of the stage arises
from her sea of milk. The washstand is
of solid silver ami the supports of the
mirror are of the same costly metal.
Brussels carpets cover the floors of all
the rooms and silk portieres abound at
every turn. Bookcases, statuary and rare
bits of art fill up odd corners, while a
piano is to be found at one end of the
reception room.
Altogether it is a veritable fairy palace
on wheels and one that the cost of main
taining would provide with the necessities
of life many a poor family who never
dream of the luxury contained in the
car that goes whizzing past their humble
hovels near the niilroad tracks on the
outskirts of the big Eastern cities.
dered woman, was next cafled to the
stand. He identified a photograph of
his wife, and then took a seat among
the spectators. Mrs. Mary Usehold, of !
230 Page street, testified that on the
day of the murder Mrs. Clute called at
her home and remain* 1 there until
about 4 o'clock, and tben leit to go to
the house in which she met her death.
Shortly after she had gone the de
fendant prisoner called and inquired
for her. Policeman George W. Russell,
when Mrs. Usehold left the chair, pro
duced and described a diagram of the
house where the murder was commit
ted. Stewart Merrill and L. F. Turkle
son, photographers, n^xt identified
several pictures taken of Mrs. Clute's
house, and one of the hand of the ac
cused carpet-layer, on which an ugly
wound showed. George W. Legg was
the last witness examined. He lives in
the flat below the one in which Mrs.
Clute was murdered. He testified that
he heard the fall of Mrs. Clute's
body, and afterward saw a man
leaving the house carrying a carpet
bag. He did not see the man's face,
but he identified the carpet bag owned
by the defendant as the one he saw in
the possession of the man who left
the house shortly after Mrs. Clute had
been killed. When Legg left the stand
Judge Cook admonished the jury, and
the case was continued until this morn
ing.
BABCOCK IS
AFTER WEBSTER
Funds of the Teachers' Insti
tute Are Under Inves
tigation.
The Ex-Superintendent Claims That
His Successor Has Been
Derelict
The old score hetween Superintendent
of Schools Reginald Webster and ex-Su
perintendent' of Schools Madison Bab
cock wil,l probably come to the front
within the next few days as a result of
the recent investigations.
When Superinten nt Webster was de- I
cided by the courts to be entitled to his ,
seat he made severe strictures on his ;
predecessor in office, who had contested j
his right to hold the superintendency.
Since that time Mr. Bahcock has kept
a wary eye on Mr. Webster, and now
thinks that he has found a flaw in the ;
latter's career. He has been looking into j
the records to ascertain how the funds of '
the San Francisco Teachers' Institute ]
have been expended. He claims that $300
was expended during the session of the
State Institute that was properly charge
able to that institution, but that was
paid by the City Institute.
Mr. Babcock is also investigating other
bills which he claims will show that Su- .
perintendent Webster has not paid proper
attention to the handling of Teachers' In
stitute funds.
Not a Stool Pigeon.
Charles Wingus, the hackman who |
drove the parties who kidnaped the Chi
nese girl last week, denies the statement
j given out by the police that he volun
i teered Information to them in regard to
! the matter. He asserts that he is no
1 stool pigeon and can t see where the po
lice got the story given out unless they
dreamed It. Wingus claims that the only
thing he told the policeman at the sta
tion was that the white man had said
he was a deputy sheri£ from San Jose
and had the Chinese under arrest. This
! information he gave upon being asked I>>
I the officer, who thought the actions
| of the people suspicious.
Love, Courtship and Marriage.
At the First Presbyterian Church last
evening Dr. E. R- Dille delivtred the ,
second series of a course of lectures fol
lowing Hon. Irving M. Scott on "Love,
Courtship and Marriage. In the usual
i strain of eloquence the benefits of mar
' riage when brought about by honorable
conditions were gone into, and the
speaker often referred to the happinep
which comes to mankind through these
conditions. The lecture will be followed
on the evening of March 22 by Dr E. S.
Chapman on "The Stones Crying Out." |
SAN FRANCISCO'S
CHARTER FINISHED
The Freeholders Have Finally
Concluded Their
Labors.
Hassett's Scheme to Invest the Mayor
With Appointment of Commis
sioners Frustrated.
The fifteen Freeholders wound up their
labors yesterday and turned the work
over to the pruning committee. This body
will meet to-day and continue the work
of revising the charter until it is com
plete, when it will be filed with the Re
corder and Mayor.
Yesterday's work was devoted to fixing
salaries and putting odds and ends to
gether. At the afternoon session M. C.
Hassett appeared with a trick card up
his sleeve by which Mayor Phelan's suc
cessor would have the appointment of all
the commissioners enumerated in the
charter. If Mr. Hassett's scheme had
carried the commissioners would all take
office on the first Monday In July, 1899,
or six months before the provisions of the
charter would go into effect as regards
the officers elected under it.
Freeholder Taylor saw through Mr.
Hassett's game and was not shy to char
acterize it as being a bald-headed politi
cal job. He spoke his mind fully and
freely on the absurdity of the scheme,
and as a result the motion was with
drawn by Mr. Thompson, who had intro
duced it.
The subjoined is a partial schedule of
the salaries fixed on some of the principal
offices:
The Police and Fire Commissioners re
ceive $100 a month each.
The Chief Engineer of the Fire Depart
ment and the Chief of Police get $4000
each; first and second engineers of the
Fire Department, $1800 each; "battalion
captains of the same department, $1800
Four Police Judges, who will be elected
for four years, at $3600 each; City Attor
ney, elected for two years, at a salary
of $5000, with four assistants, one at $3600,
one at $3000; one at $2400 and one at $1800
per year.
The District Attorney, elected for two
years, at $:.000, with seven assistants,
three of whom will have $3600 each and
the other four at $2400 each. Those will
have charge of the police courts.
The County Clerk to be elected and hold
for two years at a salary of $4000. His
deputies, which will be provided for by
the Civil Service Commissioners, except
two, are rated as follows: Chief clerk at
J^OO cashier $2100, twelve courtroom
clerks at $1800, five register clerks at
JISOO, twelve assistant register clerks at
$liJ''!o, sixteen copyists at $900 and four
clerks for Police Courts at $1500.
The Sheriff to be elected for two years
and have a salary of $COOO. His assist
ants are graded thus: One Under Sheriff
$2400, one attorney $1800, one chief book
keeper $ISOO, two assistant bookkeepers
Jlf.oo ten office deputies $1500, sixteen bail
iffs $1200, one chief jailer at Branch Jail
No 1 $ISOO, ten jailers at Branch Jail No.
1 SI2OO one superintendent for Branch
Jails Nos. 2 and 3 $1800, sixteen guards at
ADVERTISEMENTS. -________^__^~_-_~~~^-
iiiiiiiiiiiii^^
i Mrs. Pinkham speaks earnestly to women suf-
# ferine from this discouraging complaint. #
. ' ' . . ■ :-•'... .
T $
'w Backache is one of the most common of S^^^^^^SS^^M^
tfth woman's troubles and one of the most ; ;^^^^^^^i€^S^ : ?J.
f} "iris' not an acute pain, but a most dis- l^^^V J^^^^l|
tressing, wearying sensation, making work S^^^k^>^HPyv« d)/)
$W almost impossible and indicating disease gi^ffl^
(ff^ of the feminine organs. r'^^^/V \v^S^i 'A*
/AY A common mistake is to treat backache J il/^K^jL^J^i /A
jj£ in women with local external applica- N^ W M^S^ifX tifo
| tions, calling it " a little spinal irritation " jSMtL / A^A#vW A $
3)S or a "touch of rheumatism. / \jMw^jlwC^Y^^ 2
(f(]\ Do not be deceived ; your backache L J^fe^'wiil? /fTOfff&\ mm W
/fk means serious trouble for you unless /v, \ V \W^H '
W the cause of it is removed. Fy mWffl/^j> ll^^B •#
i?o^ All uterine and ovarian diffi- J?J Wm^^^^m X
flh culties are relieved by Lydia jMjojkji mf 1$ \ . 1 lli W
'A E. Pinkham's Vegetable /p^^J^Wi I 1 \w| W
J: Compound.) Such relief fe f(f I H
•v^ progresses in almost every T £T%! jT I I I \ » ®
case to a complete cure. 1 j'| 111 I . |H
(ffk With relief of these troubles J\M IJ I A I jH W
//AK backache disappears. > f^J ]/ I I 1 W
/fK Mrs. M. E ' M ULLER » 16 Franklin St., -^ <^^^''hT I 'I I
<U^ Providence, R. 1., writes: i • J^N I[ / I - 1 &()/)
rfth Dear Mrs. Ptnkham: — I have been *" " \Jy I \ \
'» >Xk using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- - , 7 if '•- I 1 MN
vAV pound for backache. ; The pain was something dread- /I/ 1 ' V •£•
•v« ' ful; at times I could not walk straight. Now lam all / *// 1 I
*; right and enjoy good health. I feel like a new woman. / U . I • 1 M
'iv^ You do not know how thankful lam that I have got it I ,1 -SR '
/fAX my health back, and I have yon to thank for it. Your II , 1 ■"A • »(K ;
/()n medicine is the best that I have ever used. I advise all '-I'Jm'-< 1 • \i V
/JAN. ladies to try it, and lam sure it will give unbounded LJ I , I V,
/(iM satisfaction. I will recommend it to every friend I have. LMJ " '' ' mn —— ' '
1 Jm^ niss LIZZIE KOELLA, 529 Tecumseh St., IK|K«-»*'^'^ "" j|^ , w|| |ii^\
/\\ Toledo, Ohio, writes : JO^^^^ii«*i'*"^L^i
tDEAR Mrs.'Ptn*kham:— l cannot praise your Vege-
Ati\ table Compound enough. For about a year I was 89^^aKSl^\^e^^ ISpmJ m^^^.
■/AW sick with the backache. I could not work, could
//AK not sleep at night, and did not care to live. About jj^^^^T^f^^^\^l^^ am -
/(N two months ago I saw your advertisement in a £**m&ElSf&P^^3&&&lr f^
y' paper, and thought I would try your Compound. , fi^^^^^^^***^ $&
VtK\ To-day I feel like a new person. lam just have recommended your Vegetable Componixd to many &(\'/t
W w health ; never felt so good in my life. I have recommended your Vegetable Componnd to many
j /ff\ of my friends, who are now using it, and think it is just splendid. MJA
jit ' A woman of experience in these matters understands women, and w
W Mrs. Pinkham of Lynn, Mass., has a wider experience than any physi-
| ?0& cian, male or female. She offers you her counsel free of charge, and it W
f^ is a friendly, sympathetic counsel. No man sees your letter or its W
' M answer at any time, and to secure the best advice it is necessary that
i 'M. you should be perfectly frank, this you can be to one of your own sex.
§J Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound J
I® A Woman's Remedy for Woman's Ills;
Branch Jail No. 2 $600, one matron at
Branch Jail No. 3 $900, six guards at
Branch Jail No. 3 $600, one commissary to
act for all jails $1500, one uriver of van
$900, one janitor $700.
Clerk of Justices' Court at $2400, with
five deputies at $100 a month.
Freeholder Gutte made a strong fight
to have the Fire Marshal placed on the
city's payroll, but ex-Mayor Ellert op
posed him and won out. Consequently he
remains an attache of the insurance com-
panics.
The bonds of the more important offi
cers of the city have been fixed on the
following scale: Mayor, $25,000; Auditor,
$5^.000; Treasurer, $200,000; Tax Collector.
$100,000; Assessor, $50,000; County Clerk,
$40,000; Recorder, $20,000; Sheriff, $50,000;
Coroner, $10,000; City Attorney, $10,000;
District Attorney, $10,000; Public Adminis
trator, $50,000; Superintendent of Public
Schools. $5000: pnch Commissioner of Pub
lic Works, $25,000; Clerk of the Supervis
ors. $10,000; each Supervisor, $10,000; each
School Director, $5000: each Fire Commis
sioner. $10,000; each Police Commissioner,
$5000- each Election Commissioner, $5000;
Property Clerk of Police Department, $10,
000.
A HABD LUCK STORY.
Hundreds of People at Skaguay Are
in Need of Food.
The following extracts are fron a ■ In
teresting letter received by Captain John
Sllovlch of the tug Vigilant: "L.caguay is
all a fraud. When we were up there the
people were flying at the rate of from
twenty to twenty-five a week, on an av
erage. We had encgh men asking per
mission to work their way back to load
the ship. Everything looks awfully blue
up there. I saw a woman on the dock
eating a moldy loaf of bread. She and her
husband had Just enough money to pay
their way back to Seattle, and you should
have neard what uiey had to say about
the Klondike.
"And yet every steamer that arrives
here is crowded with passengers. While
we were lying at Skaguay the steamer
City of Seattle came in with 600 passen
gers and 180 of them never left the ship,
but paid their return fare and went back
home again. I guess you think I am
stretching it, but, instead of doing that,
I couldn't begin to tell you of the misery
and destitution there are to be seen on
every hand up here
"We had trouble with the stevedores in
Skaguay. They used to get 50 cents an
hour, but they formed a union and raised
the price to 75 cents an hour. We had
to give it, but as stevedores they are
about as much good as a llfth wheel is
to a coach. Just imagine if you can. It
took them sixteen hours to put out 40,000
feet of lumber.
"I met poor Tom (Captain Tom Kock
yer) on Douglas Island on the Whltelaw.
He had a fearful time coming up. He
was without a chart and his pilot was no
good He took the outside passage once
Sr twice but it was so rough the pas
sengers made him come inside again. In
fact the passengers practically took com
mand of the ship. Tom was foolish in
the first place to leave without a chart,
as it is a hard road to travel at the best
of times. Tom told me that he struck
once or twice— while passing through
Wrangel Narrows.
"The steamer Corona was got off the
rocks at Lewis Island and the tug Maud
towed her to a dock at Irving Point in
the Skeena River. We spoke the steamer
Pasadena and the captain told us the
Corona was saved and for us to tele
graph for a tug to go from Seattle to
bring her down to Victoria, B. C. He
also told us about the Whitelaw being
burned to the water's edge at Skaguay.
Poor Tom."
A HORSE KILLED
BY A LIVE WIRE
The Storm Set a Death-Trap at
California Street and Cen
tral Avenue.
_ —
A Broken Telephone Line Connected
With a Trolley Wire and Dan
gled Across the Street.
A horse driven by G. B. Molinar, a
! scavenger living at 216 Laurel street, was
: killed yester&ay morning by a live wire
at California street and Central avenue.
It was scarcely daylight when Molinar
I drove along Central avenue with his team
ion his daily rounds, when one of his
i horses ran into a wire that was dangling
from a network of wires overhead. The
animal reared, then fell dead almost mi
i stantlv. The thin wire, scarcely dis
cernible in the dim light, lay across the
; carcass of the dead horse, and where it
touched it burned and sizzled into the
! fiosh.
A telephone wire had been Snapped dur
ing one of the squalls that swept over the
i Western Addition tho night before, and
1 in falling it had dropped across the trolley
; wire of the Sutro electric read. There it
dangled across the roadway waiting for
a victim.
FENDEES ON CABS.
The Case of H. E. Huntington Con-
tinued for a week.
The case of H. E. Huntington, president
of the Market-street Railway Company,
charged on a -complaint of A. M. Law
rence with violating order 2566 of the
Board of Supervisors in not having fend
ers on electric cars, was called in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday morning. The
defendant was present with his attorneys.
General Hart and Frank E. Kelly. Law
rence was not in court, but he was repre
sented by Attorney Eugene Bert.
General Hart announced that they were
ready to proceed, but Bert demurred and
asked for a continuance until the after
noon, to enable him to get his witnesses.
This was objected to by the defense as
Huntington had arranged to leave for
New Orleans in the afternoon. Finally
it was decided to continue the case till
next Tuesday, and if Huntington was not
back by that time the case would go
on without him, as there were only points
of law involved.
In the Divorce Courts.
Andrew J. Reed was granted a divorce
from Annie R. Reed yesterday on the
ground of willful desertion. Mabel Green
wald was granted a divorce from Lois
Greenwald on statutory grounds. Clara
B. Love was granted her anplication for
a divorce from Edmund M. Love on the
ground of extreme cruelty. The plaintiff
was allowed to resume her maiden name,
Hudson. Maria Ostrom was granted a
divorce from C. O. Ostrom on the ground
of failure to provide. Roderick W. Mc-
Gawie was the last on the fist to be freed
from the obligations of matrimony. Ha
was granted a divorce from Ella L. Me*
Gawle on the ground of desertion.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver advanced.
Wheat dull. Freights lower arii weak-
Barley rising more rapidly.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Fair demand for Flour.
Another advance In Hay.
No change in Feedstufts.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Vegetables firm.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter and Eggs firmer.
Cheese steady.
PouKry doing rather better.
Peaches and Apricots damaged by fn»st.
Citrus fruits as uaual.
Provisions very dull.
Hides continued unsettled.
Wool dead. Hops dull.
No change In Meats. Hogs dull.
Coal as before.
Coffee in fair demand.
oils unchanged.
Telegraphic exchange advanced.
'
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFF'S.
Exports of Flour from this port during the
f!r»t eight months of the current crop year
were 547,112 barrels, against 805,000 during the
si»me time in the preceding year. Reducing
this flour to a Wheat basis and adding it to
ilie exported Wheat gives total exports of ,
Wheat of 10,250,800 centels, valued at $16,332.- ;
500, against 11,691,400 centals, at $14.»47,500 for
the preoeding year.
MONDAY'S RAIN.
The rain on Monday was as usual confined '
mainly to the northern coast, the fall in the .
San Joaqatn being from nothing up to .IS at
one point. The pro3pects for good crops are
getting pretty slim.
THIS YEAR'S SALMON FLEET.
The bak Electra Is the first vessel to be dis- j
patched by the Alaska Packers' Association
this season. She is loading at Fremont-street I
wharf for Prince William Sound. This year's j
fleet of the association consists of:
Bhip St. Nicholas, 1799 tons; ship Taooma,
1738; ship Sterling, 1733; ship Oriental, 1688; j
ship Bohemia. 1653: ship Hecla. 1529; ship In- ;
diana, 1488; ship Santa Clara, 1474; ship In
vincible, 1460; ship Llewueyn J. Morse, 1393;
ship George Skolneld, 1314; ship Centennial. ,
1*67- bark Merom, 1204; bark Electra, 985; bark
Coryphene. Sl2; bktn Willie R Hume, 666;
bark Nicholas Thayer, 585; bark Will W Case, 1
583; Stmr President. 377: Schr Premier. 308; :
Sohr Prosper, 241; Schr Antelope, 124; Schr
Eureka. 124: Stmr Jennie, 123: Stmr Kadiak,
114; Stmr Thietle. 102; Stmr Hattie Gage, 81;
Ptmr Gertie Storey, 73; Stmr Afognak, 66;
Stmr Elsie, 66: Stmr Ella Rohlffs, 65; Stmr
Pacific. 63: Stmr Roya!, 60; Stmr Polar Bear, I
:ir Novelty. 57; Stmr Lillian. 45; Stmr
Aleut, 3S. The St. Nicholas, Oriental. Hecla,
Invincible, Coryphene, Willie R. Hume, Ante
lope and Eureka are chartered. All the others
are the property of the association.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at itatlon Indies .c maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usutlly accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is hijrh in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobar 9of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lm
frobable. V.'lth a "high" in the vicinity of
daho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce sji
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 15. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.44 27.99 41.45
Red Bluff 0.00 12.07 22. ."3
Sacramento 0.00 8.55 15. 37
San Francisco 0.04 7.49 20.68
Fresno 0.22 3.70 9.25
San Luis Obispo 0.10 5.37 19.74
Los Angeles 0.00 4.80 16.08
San Diego 0.00 3.G6 10.91
Yuma 0.00 1.65 5.31
San Francigco temperature: Maximum, 4i;
minimum, 41; mean, 45.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the past
24 hours over Washington and Northern Ore
gon. It has fallen generally over Central and
Southern California and Arizona.
The temperature has fallen over the greater
portion of California and has risen slowly in
Arizona. Elsewhere on the Pacific Coast it has
remained nearly stationary.
Frost is reporti-d this morning in the in
terior in California, and Is likely to occur
again Wednesday morning.
Showers have fallen near Fresno and rain is
MinK It 1 Oregon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, March 16, l^v
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; proba
bly heavy frost In the interior Wednesday
morning; northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair "Wednesday; con
tinued cold weather; probably frost in exposed
places; light northerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday; continued cold
weather.
Dtab — Cloudy Wednesday; continued cold
weather.
Arizona — Unsettled Wednesday: colder.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
lirht frost in the mornine:: westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals taken
at 6 I), m.— Partly cloudy, wind wo-.t. 12 miles
l>er hour; temperature. 35: maximum. 42.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Oltlcial.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 15.— movement of
stock prices to-day was confused and the mar
ket very puzzling. Decidedly lower quotations
for Americans In London caused an unsettled
tone at the opening. Prices partly responded to
the London Initiative, but did not go further
than : the London parity.  A furious buying
movement, quickly developed, which lifted the
level of the whole market strongly above last
night's closing. The buying was ■ most con
spicuous In the local and industrial specialties,
but there was a lack of strength in the railway
list, . ; the grangers being ' especially strong.
Heavy realizing met ' the advance ; and wiped
out a large part of it when the first hour had
expired. This | was the ' most : active period of
the day's trading. . There : then , ensued a slow
and laborious recovery, which developed higher
prices than the first spurt. .'And yet this second
advance also was wiped out in practically all
■ cases except some or the specialties, and - ! the
day shows net losses in most of the standard
' stocks extending to a point or over In some
. cases. Thus almost the extreme range of the ;
market was • traversed four times during the
day. There was very little in the news to ex- '
plain these conflicting. movements. Wall street
opinion < of- the political outlook » was ,on the
surface : less . apprehensive. The movement of
Spanish ! 4s : in London and . Paris, which partly
recovered after -an . early decline, - reflected : a
growth of similar opinion there. But thin was .
■probably derived: in part from the - strength ;of
the New, York market yesterday and this morn-
Ing. London sold freely cere on tiio morning;
■■■■" ■ r,33M&gti
advance, and there was heavy realizing be
sides, attributed to very powerful local
market Interests. A number of the industrial
stocks rose over 2 points and a number or the
railroad stocks rose at one time and showed
net advances of over a point. The retrugade
movement of prices seems to be disassociated
from any news of the day, as were the ad
vances. Realizing of profits offers the only ex
planation.
Prices for foreign exchange moved to a lower
level to-day In spite of additional engagements
of gold for imports. Besides the engagement of
gold for import from Europe to New York, a
shipment of J2.000.000 was announced from Aus
tralia for San Francisco. There was no easing
of the local money rates In response to these
The bond market was strong up to the clos
ing when prices eased off In sympathy with
stocks. Total sales. J2.190.000. United States
new 48 advanced 1% and the 6s %, and the old
4s registered % bid.
Total gales of stocks to-day were 425.100
shares, including: Atchlson preferred, 7300;
Chesapeake and Ohio, 3500; Burlington, 48.S00;
Erie preferred. 3700; Louisville and Nashville,
10,100; Manhattan, 35,570; Metropolitan Street
Railway. 9173; Reading preferred, 3133; Mlasnuri
i Pacific 3650; Missouri, Kansas and Texas pre
! ferred, 6600; New York Central, 17.740; Northern
I Pacific, 7250; Northern Pacific preferred, 18.130;
Rock Island, 13.330; St. Paul. 62.750; Union Pa
cific C 070; American Tobacco. 10,900; People's
«as. 10.920; General Electric. 5000; Sugar, 47.5G0;
Western Union. 3450.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 11 St P& Om 6S
Do pref 24% Do nref 150
Baltimore & Ohio 16% St P M & M 127
Canada Pacific ... 81%: So Pacific IgU
Canada Southern. 47 So Raiway 7%
Cent Pao 12 Do pref 25%
Ches & Ohio .... 18% Texas & Pacific.. 9%
Chi & AJton .... 147% Union Paciflo 25%
Chi B & O &9% V P D & G 7%
Chi & E 111 63 Wabash 6%
:CCC &St L.... 25% Do pref ........ 15
Do pref 82 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson .. 109% Do pref 9%
Del L & W 150 Express Companies —
I Den & R G 10% Adams Ex 100
Do pref 43% [American Ex 120
! Erie (new) 12%! United States ... 38
Do Ist pref .... 34% Wells Fargo 114
I Ft Wayne 165 Miscellaneous—
IGt Nor pref .... 147 A Cot Oil 16%
I Hocking Val .... 5% Do pref 67%
| Illinois Central .. 99% Amn Spirits 6%
I Lake Erie & W.. 13V4 Do pref 17
Do pref 66 Am Tobacco 94 %
Lake Shore 154% Do pref 112
Louis & Nash .. 48% People's Gas .... 89%
Manhattan L .... 101 Cons Gas 17714
Met St Ry 141 "4 Com Cable Co .. 165
Mich Cent 101 Vi Col F & 1r0n.... 19%
Minn & St L 25 Do pref 78
Do Ist pref 80 Gen Electric 31%
Mo Paciflo 24% Illinois Steel 45
Mobile & Ohio .. 20 Laclede Gas 41-
Mo K& T 11 Lead 21%
Do pref 31% Do pref 103
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 14
Do pref 24 Or Imp Co 24%
N J Central 91% Pacific Mail 23% j
N V Central .... 10i»% | Pullman Pal 169%
N V Chi & St L.. 12 [Silver Cert 55
Do Ist pref .... 63 j Stand R & T.... 3%
Do 2a pref .... 30 Sugar 120%
Nor West 11 Do pref 109%
No Amer Co 5%|T C & Iron 18% |
No Pacific 21V U S Leather .... 5% ;
Do pref 60% Do pref 67%
Ontario & W 14% U S Rubber .... 16%
Or R A Nay 44 Do pref 63%
Or Short Line ... 28 West Union 86% i
Pittsburg 168 !Chi & N W 116%
Reading 16% Do pref 173
Do Ist pref .... 28% St L & S W 4%
Rock Island .... 83% Do pref 8%
St L & S F 6% ! R G W 23
Do Ist pref 55 Do pref 50% i
Do 2d pref .... 24* i ! Chi G W 9"i ;
St Paul SSBjlHaw Com Co ... 30
Do pref 144% !
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 122% IN J <_ 5s 111%
Do coup 122% 1N Carolina 6s .. 130% ,
U S 4s 110%! Do 4s 103
Do coup 11l No Pac lsts llo'j ;
Do 2di 98% Do 3s 69%
U S 5s rear 11l Do 4s 94
Do 5s coup 11l NYC .' 103
District 3.65s ..„. 116 Nor & W r 6a 120
Ala class A 10s % Northwstrn cons. 143
Do B 108% Do deb os 115
Do C 106 O Nay lsts 110
Do Currency ... 99 O Nay 4s 94
Atchison 4s 88% O S Line 6s tr 11^%
Do adj 4s 57 OS Line 5s tr 99% I
Can So 2ds 106% O Imp lsts tr 104% j
Chi Term 4s 81% Do 5s tr 54% I
C & Ohio 5s 116 Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C H & D 4%5.... 104%|Reading 4s 80U ;
D & R G lsts.... 110 G W lsts 80
D & R G 4S S9%iS L & I M C 55.. 89
East Term lsts.. 105 |SL«SFG 6sN 116
Erie Gen 4f 69% I St P Con 140
F W & D lsts tr. 6J St P C & P lsts.. 118
Gen Elec 5s 101 V* Do 5s 115
GH& S A 65.... 109 So Ry 5s BS%
Do 2ds 104 Stand R 65.. 55
H & T C 5s 10S%;Tenn new set 3s. 85
Do con 6s 106% JT & P L G lsts.. 98
lowa C lsts 98 Do Rg 2ds 31% 1
Kan P Con tr .. 100% !U P D & G lsts.. 53%
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131%jWab Ist 5s 106%
La new cons 45... 101 | Do 2ds 76%
L & N 4s .... 86% iW Shore 4s 108
Missouri 6s 100 I\ a Centuries 68%
MX & T 2d5.... 55% Do deferred ... 3%
Do 4s 87 U P pref 49 »~
N V Central lsts.. 116 Vi Do 4s 91
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 33[Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 12lOphir 40
Con Cal & Va 75 Plymouth 08
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 15 1 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcrs... 1 20 I Sierra Nevada 95
Homestake 37 00 1 Standard 150
Iron Sliver 38 j Union Con 30
Mexican 28|Yellow Jacket ... 25
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 15— Atchison. 11: Bell Tele
phone, 243; Burlington, S9V4: Mexican Central,
0; Oregon Short Line, 2SH; San Diego, .
LONDON MARKET.
; NEW YORK. March 15.— The Evening Post's
| London financial cablegram says: In spite of
i Lord Salisbury's illness the stock markets
I here opened better to-day, in the absence of
! further disturbing news, but on heavy selling
i of Spanish and other stocks from Paris, all
I the markets slumped. Americana at one time
I was very flat. There was no support from
I arbitrage houses, and prices were below the
New York level. Then two New York houses
! turned around and bought, prices rallying
simultaneously. Paris stopped selling with
the result that the bears hastened to scramble
In, causing prices in all the markets to close
| 'at the best.
| Spanish tours fluctuated between 52 and 53%,
i closing at 53. Grand Trunk was better in
| sympathy with Americans, and South Ameri
i cans were better on the Paris markets, which
j are still most unsettled and feverish, how
j ever. The suicide of a stock broker doeß not
Indicate fresh financial trouble.
In spite of the heavy premium on gold by
the Bank of France. I understand shipments
from Paris to New York still pay. There Is
an impression in good quarters that the Bank
of England may raise the price of eagles on
any further considerable withdrawals. The
London market is 3Vi, and consequently the
Bank of England monopolizes the discount
■ business.
t -OSE.
I Canadian Pacific, 83^4; Grand Trunk, 8; bar
I silver, steady, 25% d per ounce. Money 2ft per
cent.
NEW YORK WHEAT MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Considerable excite
ment prevailed on the wheat curb late this
afternoon. Badly shaken by attacks made dur
ing the regular market sessions, the bull ele
ment lost entire control of the market after
2:15 o'clock, prices breaking to 9S^ic for May,
against 99% cat the regular close and $1 00%.
the highest for the day. There was no at
tempt made to check the demoralization of
values. Wheat bought earlier in the day was
hastily unloaded on the fast falling market,
and bear traders, encouraged by reports that
Leiter had sold 1,000,000 bushels of May wheat,
hammered away at values with a vigor not
equale>d since the middle of last week. At 4
o'clock the market was in a quieter mood, with
prices a fraction up from the lowest, but still
In a very unsettled condition.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 15— FLOUR— Receipts,
34.474 barrels; exports, 17,521. Inactive, but
fairly steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 115,675; exports, 238,257.
Spot, easy; No. 2 red, $1 04% f. o. b. afloat to
arrive, and $1 06% spot. Options opened firm on
favorable Liverpool market news and was fur
ther advanced by bullish Russian crop esti
mates, causing a scare among shorts. Subse
quent realizing, however, provoked a sharp
decline, notably In late deliveries, which
closed hi@%c net lower against V*@%c advance
in near months. On the curbs bears again
raided the market and forced May off to 9?Uc.
No 2 red March. $1 04% 1 0o>4; closed. $1 04%;
May, '.i9'4e@sl 00%; closed. 99% c.
WOOL— Very dull.
HOPS— PuII.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— AII departments show neglect and
the situation taken altogether lacked special
new feature. At the close to-day the Metal Ex
change called:
Pl Gl ßON— Warrants dull, $6 75 bid and $6 85
M LAKE COPPER— Very quiet, $11 87H bid and
$12 asked.
TlN— Very quiet, with $14 20 bid and $14 30
asked.
SPELTER— Quiet, $4 20 bid. $4 25 asked.
LEAD— DuII. $3 70 bid. $3 75 asked. Lead was
quoted $3 50 by the firm fixing the settling
price for miners and smelters in the West.
COFFEE— Options opened steady at un
changed prices to a decline of 5 points, closed
quiet, unchanged to 5 points net lower. Sales.
20,750 bags, including: March. $5 10; May, $5 20.
Spot coffee — Rio, weak: No. 7 Invoice, 5%c; No.
7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild, steady; Cordova. 8%@16c.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifusral, P6 test. 4>*c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. 9926 packages. Firm:
Western creamery, 14@19c; Elgins, 19c; factory,
ll@l4c.
EGGS— Receipts. 15.609 packages. Firm.
State and Pennsylvania, 10»4@llc; Western,
lOMic; Southern. 10% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, March 15.— California dried
fruits, but fim.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6<gßc;
prime wire tray, B%<ifS%c; wood dried, prime,
SV.<}|S%c; choice, 8%®9%c.
PRUNES— 3%@Sc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 5%@7c; Moorpark. 8%
@10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 6@9c; peeled. I2@i6c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. March 15.— Wheat started a little
I easier. Cables showed slight declines and Llv
! erpool reported receipts considerably In excess
jof normal requirements. These were side is
! sues, however, the main reason for the sliad
! Ing of prices being the large additions to the
contract stocks, about 337,000 bushels being
i added to the stock In two days. July opened
i a shade lower at 86%(§56%c, and, while ofTer
1 IngH were plenty, the demand soon became so
1 strong that prices gradually advanced and the
! market was strong for over two hours follow-
I Ing. Besides the natural Inclination of traders
i to play for a reaction after the recent sharp
J decline in prices, strength shown by outside
■ markets, especially In New York, had a tend-
I ency to drive shorts in, and the urgency of
I this class of buying Indicated that the mar
1 ket had been rather oversold. Reports of con
! tinued drought and unpromising outlook in
! California was a bull help. July advanced to
1 SSc. May received the usual support from
! Leiter, although it -hardly needed it. There
: was some short demand in this delivery, result
i ing in an advance to $1 05. After noon the
■ market turned weak on Bradstreet's report
iof the visible. Leiter's brokers, who had been
I bidding- Jl 04 for May. sold quite a lot of it
I when the price reached $1 05. and this fact
brought millions of bushels of July on to the
market. As the shorts had previously been
pretty well filled up prices dropped like a shot
to 86% c. The last few minutes of trading was
characterized by extreme nervousness an<l
weakness. With almost no support of conse
quence July sank to Ss%c and closed weak at
85% c. May rested at $1 04 and September de
clined to 77% c, closing at 77tdc.
Corn was firm until late in the day. though
showing less animation than for some time.
May closed %@%c lower.
Oats were stagnant. Prices declined near the
close. May closed %c lower.
Light hog receipts made a rather firm pro
vision market during the morning. There wai
less pressure to sell, but when the break In
grain came all the advance was lost, the clos
ing being rather easy. May pork closed 2%c
lower. May lard unchanged and May ribs 2%c
higher.
The leading: futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 101%
May 104 105 104 104
July 86% 88 85% 85%
Corn No. 2—2 —
May 30% 30% 29% 30
July 81% 81% 31% 31%
September 32% 32% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% 26% 26%
July 24% 21% 24% 24%
Mess Perk, per bbl— '
May 9 90 10 00 9 80 9 80
July 9 So 10 05 8 85 9 85
Lard, per 100 fbs —
May 510 6 12% 505 5 07% I
July 5 17% 5 17% 515 515
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 500 5 07% 500 6 02%
July 5 02% 6 12% 5 02% 5 07%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
No. 2 spring wheat, 92<§'94c; No. 3 spring wheat,
&s<sr9Be; No. 2 red, $1 01*4©l 01%; No. 2 corn,
29%@29%e; No. 2 oats. 26c; No. 2 white, f. o.
b., 30<§31c; No. 3 white, f. o. b., 28%@29%c; i
No. 2 rye. 491»c; No. 2 barley, f. o. b., 35'539c; I
No. 1 faxseed. $1 20; prime timothy seed, $2 85; '
mess pork, per bbl, til 77%@9 52%; lard, per 100
rbs. $5<S5 02%; short ribs sides t loose), $4 80(JJ
5 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $4 7505;
short clear sides (boxed), $5 25@5 40; whisky, |
distillers' finished goods. per gal. $1 18%; I
sugars, cut loaf. 5.88 c; granulated. 5.38 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. )
Flour, bbls 64.000 '30,000
Wheat, bu 90.000 150,000
Corn, bu 3M.000 SSI. OOO
Oats, tv 321.000 300,000 j
Rye, bu 36.000 500 '
Barley, bu 83,000 32,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the nutter
market was steady; creameries, 13@lS%c;
dairies, 10H@16c. Cheese, quiet, S@B%c. Eggs,
Bteady; fresh, 9Mjc.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels. \
Minneapolis 173.950 65.520 :
Duluth 12.201 •
Milwaukee ..." 25,350 . 26-100
Chicago 90,416 149.559
Toledo \.. 19,182 '3,200
St. Louis 20,000 15.000
Detroit 5,315 10,066 [
Kansas City 15,000 93,500 j
Totals 361.414 363,275 I
Tidewater —
Boston 43,720 .'.'....
New York 115.625 233,257
Philadelphia 2.349 76,592
Baltimore 14,870
New Orleans 100,000
Totals 182.364 414,849
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 62 20 69 30 1
Closing . .62 40 59 30
Flour- *-'.•'(?' ;J - ■ : '/'.='■■■
Opening 23 90 27 60
Closing .. ....23 80 , 27 50
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
.■■> ':: March May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening ...7 10% 7 6% 7 1% 6 7h~ 6 6%
Closing ....7 10% 7 5% 7 1% 6 V& 6 6»i
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. -
CHICAGO. March 15.— CATTLE— cat
tle were scarce and sales above $5 10 were ex
tremely few, the bulk of the steers selling at
J4 SOlS^ 10. Stockers and feeders, $3 85@4 65; j
common lots, $3 35@3 75; canning cows, $2 30@
3; calves were fairly active at lower prices; !
choice veal calves sold around $6 25.
HOGS — Were stronger and 5c higher. Sales
were on a basis of $3 70@4 0;., the bulk going at j
$3 85®3 S7Va-
SHEEP — Prices were steady and . unchanged j
for sheep. ' Lambs. $4 20*15 45, few going below '
$:, ; sheep, $3 25@4 65, sales being largely at $4 25 i
@4 55, with ewes going at $3 50@4 35; yearling
sheep, $4 BOOK.
Receipts— Cattle, 25,000; Hogs, 15,000; Sheep,
15,000..
KANSAS CITY. ;.»:
KANSAS CITY. March 15.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 7500. • Best grades steady, others slow.
Texas steers, $3 50@4 50; native steers. $3 25f3> i
6 45; native cows and heifers, $2 65@4 30; stock
ers and feeders. $3 25@5 20; bulls, $2 Ss@s 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 12,000. Market steady to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales, $3 65(g3 80; heavies, $3 60
@Z 85; packers, $3 60@3 80: mixed. $3 55@3 80;
lights, $3 45@3 65; yorkers, $3 60@3 65; pigs, $3 25
ft;?, 56.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Market steady. I
Lambs, $4 80<§5 25; muttons, $3 25@4 60.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. March 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3800.
Market steady to strong; native beef steers,
$3 SO<SS 10; Western steers, $3 60® 4 60; Texas
steers, $3 10*53 75; cows and heifers, $3 10@4 15;
canners. $2 25<fJ3; stockers and feeders. $3 7o@
5 10; calves, $4 25@6 75; bulls and stags, $2 50
@3 70.-
HOGS — Receipts, 6500. Shade lower; heavy,
$3 Cs@3 75; mixed, $3 6601 70; light. $3 65@3 70;
bulk of sales, $3 8601 70. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market stronger; fair
to choice natives, $3 80@4 80; fair to choice ■
Westerns, $3 60@4 50; common and stock sheep, ;
$3@3 90; lambs, $4 25@5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, March 15.— CATTLE— Receipts.
100. Market steady; beef steers, $3 50(54 60;
cows, $3@4: feeders, freight paid to river. $3 90
J?4 60; storkers, freight paid to river, $4@4 70;
bulls, stags, etc., $2(ff3.
HOGS— Receipts. 400. Market 5c lower, firm;
light packers, $3 70(g3 75; mixed, $3 65@3 75;
heavy, }3 60<S3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2W. Market firm; good fat
muttons, J3 2r,@4 25; lambs, $4 25@5 20.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 15.— The lightest sales of
the year is the record for the week's wool
market, but it is fairly strong. The dullness
Is attributed to the disturbed conditions be
tween the United States and Spain. The range
for territory wools will have to be quoted
rather lower on the part of the market, al
though many dealers will not share their
prices to any extent. For fine medium and
fine territories of good staple about 46@4Kc
scoured will cover the average of sales, with
choice staple parcels at sCgs2c. Fleece wools
hold fairly steady in the absence of demand,
but sales are meager. Australian wools also
show a slow sale, although the price is un
doubtedly held with more strength than any
thing on the list.
Territory wools: Montana, fine medium and
fine, 16<§lSc; scoured, 46(gp48c: staples, 50foT>2r;
Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine,
15(g'17c; scoured, 45@47c; staple, 50c.
Australian: Scoured basis, combing super
fine, 70@72c; combing, good, 65®68c; combing
average. 62(g 65c.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. March 15.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's, cover-
Ing the principal points of accumulation. In
dicate the following changes in available sup- I
piles last Saturday, as compared with the
preceding Saturday:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 864,000 bushels;
afloat for and in Europe, decrease, 400,000 bush
els; world's supply, total decrease, 1,254,000
bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains. Increase, 1,572.000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease, 311,000 bushels.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 16.— Th« second series of
the Colonial wool sales opened to-day with a
full attendance of buyers. The offerings ag
gregated 10,321 bales and consisted of a varied
selection of Australians, a small supply of
South African wools was offered, and was of
good quality. There was active competition
by the home trade. French buyers operated
freely and German buyers sparingly. The
American representatives bought suitable
parcels at unchanged rates. Merinos
showed a slight advance, but only
fine scoured greasy* sold 6 per cent dearer,
i Fine cross breds sold well and rather higher.
Medium coarse grades frequently declined (
per cent, while Cape of Good Hope and Natal
stock ruled 5 per cent dearer. The following
are the sales in detail:
New South Wales 3600 bales; scoured. Is
| ld@ls 6d; greasy, SHd-flld. ,__, „
Queensland, 2100 bales; scoured, 10d@ls 6d
greasy. 6d§ 10d.
Victoria. 300 bales; scoured. 6%d@lod.
South Australia, 400 bales; scoured, 9%d@ls
Is 3d; greasy, s%d<gß%d.
West Australia. 400 bales; scoured. Is l%d®
Is 2d; greasy, 5%d %d
New Zealand, 2400 bales; scoured, 4%d®ls Id;
greasy. 6%d@10%d
Cape of Good, Hope and Natal. 800 bale«;
scoured, 10%d@ls; greasy. s%d@Sd.
Buenos Ayres. 100 bales; greasy, 6d@7d.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March 15. -Consols. 111%; silver,
25% d; French rentes, 103f 82% c.
LIVERPOOL, March 15.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California wheat, 38s 3d; cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
near positions In demand; English country mar
kets, quiet; French country markets, quiet and
steady; Liverpool wheat, No. 1 California,
7s lOd; wheat in Paris, steady; flour In Paris,
steady; weather in England, overcast.
COTTON-Uplands. 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No 2 red Western winter,
dull. 7s lOd.
CORN— Futures, quiet; March, 3s s%<i.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull. 9os 9d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, March 15.— The local wheat
market Is in such shape at the present time
that It Is difficult to make an accurate quota
tion, exporters being governed entirely by their
Immediate needs. Those who do not need
wheat to fill tonnage engagements refuse to
bid up and quote 74#75c as a nominal price
per bushel for Walla Walla. At the same time
much better prices are reported paid for fine
lots of extra heavy wheat.
Cleared— British ship Romanoff, for Queens
town, with 64,477 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 15.— There is a better feel
ing In the wheat market and prices are higher,
but with a wide range. No. 1 club, 74@76c; No.
1 bluestem, 78c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, March 16.— Exchanges, $197,231;
balances, $26,202.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Cotton, quiet; mid
dling. 6%c.
NEW ORLEANS, March 15.— Cotton, steady;
middling, 6 S-16c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84%
Sterling Cables — 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull and weak at
23s 9d, usual options. The cnartered wheat
fleet In port has a registered tonnage of 20,000.
against 13,600 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged. 22.7U0 tins, against 94.000; on
the way to this port, 176,300 tons, against 153.
200.
WHEAT— The market was weak owing to a
slump at Chicago, but there was no decline of
any consequence. Trade continued dull.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $I:4<K?
1 41% for No. 1. $1 42% for choice and $1 45@1 50
per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 40%. December— 2ooo. $1 33*« ; 4000. $1 33%.
Second Session— December— 2(iOo ctls, $1 33%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2o.ooo
ctls. $1 33; IS.OOO. $1 32V May- 2000, $1 40%; 8000,
$1 40%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2^ ctls, $1 40; 2000.
$1 40%; SOOO. $1 40%. December— 6ooo, $1 33; 10,
000. $1 33%.
BARLEY— Even the chronic bulls have about
given up hopes of a good crop this season and
values are accordingly rising, as will be seen
by the advanced quotations. It is reported that
as high as $1 25% has been paid for Brewing.
Feed, $1 10®l 12>« for dark to K<wd and $1 13%
@1 15 for choice: Brewing. $1 2091 25 for No. 1;
$1 lS^l 17% for Dark roast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 6ooo etls,
$1 OS%: 20<"i0. Jl 09; 2000, $1 09%. December— 4ooo.
aS%c; 6000, 9So: 6000. *t\c.
Second Session-May-2000 ctls, $109%; 20.000.
$1 06%; 4000. $1 «9.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
$109: 4000, $1 OS 7 *. December— 2ooo, 98c; 4000,
97% c: 2000, 97% c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — Holders are firm enough, but buyers
are not taking hold ar.i trade is dull.
Fancy Feed. $1 27% per ctl; good to choice.
$1 20*5jl 25: common. $1 I',-ifl 17%; Surprise.
$1 27i,..rgl 32%: red. J! 3591 45; gray, $1 17%@1 20;
milling. $1 2(>m 25 i • r ctL
CORN — The marVf; continues very slow at
unchanged quotations.
Small rouiri yellow. $1 V)®\ 12% per ctl; large
yellow. $1 o&ei OT%; white. $1 05<gl 10.
RYE— Firm at $1 *7% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per Ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The millers report a fair demand on local
and expert account.
FLOUR— Net rash prices are: Family extras.
$4 .".",'64 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30<ff4 40 per barrel.
MILLPTt'FFS Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual ills". Hint to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100;
Rirp Flour, S'> ?'■: Oornmeal, $2 25; extra cream
Cnrnmeal, $3: Oatmeal. $3 :>0; Oat Greats, %i;
Hominy, $3 lO@3 30; Buckwheat Flour. J4;
< "racked Wheat. $3 50: Farnla. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $.') ;:>; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 25
SS 65; in sacks. $5 05®5 45; Pearl Barley. $4;
Split Peas, $3 75; Green Peas. 54 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
It rained a little here and there on Monday,
but not enough to do any material gooi in the
dry districts, and Hay went up again, with
sales on the outside In a small way over the
top quotations. Still higher prices will prob
ably rule from now on.
Feedstuffs ranee th« same, though Rolled
Barley is advancing.
BRAN— Jlfi^jlS f,'i per ton.
MIDDLINGS- $18:&22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $24025 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 60@29 50;
Jobbing, $30: Cocoannt Cake, $21 50®22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal. j:Mi3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23®
24; Cracked Corn, $23 50(524 50; Chopped Feed,
$17!gl8.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $17 50C(*
21 50 per ton; Whpat and Oat, $17@21; Oat, $16
@18; Barley. $14((il7: compressed, $17 50<g20; Al
falfa. $» SOOll BO; stock. $12@13; Clover. $13 50.
STRAW— 35ig 45c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue dull at the recently revised
prices. There Is no change in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayop, $2 So@2 90; Small Whites,
nSOeitO: Lar^e Whites, KSO01K; Pinks,
$2 2r. 'a 2 50; Reds, $2<§2 25; Blackeye. $2 40(g2 50;
Butters, $1 4'"'fi 1 00; Limas, $2@2 15; Poa, $1 40
<gl 55; Red Killneys, $2 25<g:2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 75@3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $2ft2 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary
Seed, 2^(g2\c per lb; Alfalfa. 3igi6c; Rape,
2®2%c; Hemu, 3c; Timothy, 5',4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $140^165; Green, $160
@1 'M per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are quiet and unchanged.
Vegetables are generally firm and in moderate
receipt. ' •
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 65@75c; River Reds.
50<g60c;: River Burbanks, 60@75c per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks, !*6c; Salinas Burbanks are
out: Petaluma Burbanks, 55@75c; Sweet Pota
toes, 25@50c per ctl for Rivers and 65c@$l for
Merced; new Potatoes, 3c per lb. .- ■ : _•„ .
. ONIONS— SI 75@2 50 per ctl; Oregon, $1 ,h'il
2 50; Australian, $2 60@3; cut Onions, $I@l 25
per Back. ,_
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 287 boxes As
paragus. 346 boxes Rhubarb and 200 sks Peas.
Asparagus, Bffi9c per rb for fancy, o@<c
for No. 1 and 3©4 c ' for No. 2: Rhubarb, 60c@
$1 25 per box: Alameda Green Peas. 3®4c per
Ib; Mushrooms, 4<3>loc ; Marrowfat Squash, $25
@30 per ton; Dried Peppers, ■ 6@7c per lb; Dried
Okra, 15c; Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Carrots, 25
@60c per sack; Garlic, 3@4^c per It).
Los Angeles String . Beans, ; Tomatoes,
$lf<l 50; Green Peppers, • per tt>; Summer
Squash. ; Egg Plant, — per Cucum
bers, toc<stl per . dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, . sliced raw, 12c per Ib In lots of 25
lbs; sliced dedicated. 16@18c; granulated raw.
13c: Onions, 60c ; Carrots, old, 13c ; new , 18c;
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips,
25c ; String Beans, 30c; : Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Young stock is selling fairly well at about
the same prices. Otherwise ' there :is nothing
new. ' • ■ \' : %;;'"".;':,"
POULTRY— I^Ive Turkeys. 9@loc or . Gob
blers and 10(f<ilc for Hens; ' dressed Turkeys.
12@14c per IT.. Geese, per pair, .\:%l 5001 75;
Goslings, $2 25&2 75; Ducks, $<@5 for old and
$6 5008 for young; Hens, $3 to®4 50; Roosters,
young. *6 50@7 50: • Roosters, old. $3 503*4; Fry
ers. : $t>@6 R0; Broilers. $s<g>& 50 for large, $3 50®
4 50 for small; Pigeons, $2©:.2 5 per dozen for
young and $1 25@1 50 for old. '
Nominal. ■• v
BUTTER, • CHEESE AND EGGS.
-'Butter and Eggs are both firmer ana the lat
ter show signs of . advancing under .a" good
demand. There ;is no ' change In Cheese. Re
ceipts of Butter are rather under the demand
at present, though ■■ there la no scarcity. . ; - ;.- ,
BUTTER— :-• :..,•"-.,: - - -'..' ■V , . .
:: Creamery— Fancy creameries 17i4@lS%c; sec
onds, lC@l7Hc. » •■■ . ■;-■- " - . -. ■ ,
'. : — Choice • to fancy, - 15@16c; second
grades. • 14@>14Uc per lb. „..,, : . , ',
v Eastern ; Butter— Creamery, 16@i6Vic: ladle
packed. ' 14@15c ' per !t>. ' - ' A
CHEESE— *iCholce 5 mild new, 9c; common
to good. B@B>/ic; Cream Cheddar, 10@Uc;- Young
1 America, - l0@llc ; Western, - 11@12c; ,. Eastern,
12V4@lS^o per lt>. *■■.-:.■ -•..■*-••;■■ . ■:■.-■ . • .^' -■ -:■■
EGGS— Egg*, 13®12%c p«r dozen; «tore
ESS*, IKSUMiC
AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Press and private reports from both Fresno
and Tulare counties give accounts of severe
damage by froßt on Monday morning, the
Peaches and Apricots being almost wiped out
In some localities.
Th-?re is no change In the local markets
worthy of note.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 40(SF0c par box for common, 65<3#0c
for good to choice and fMU 25 for fancy. .
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 500
2 75; Seedlings. 75c@$l 50; Mandarins. $l(gl 25
for large and 50®75c for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins. $l@l 50; Grape Fruit. $1 50@3 per
box; Lemons. 75c@$l for common and $1 250
1 75 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5; Cal
ifornia Limes, in small boxes, 50c<?f$l; Bananas,
$1 BOX 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 per
aozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Everything on the list ia dull and there 1*
nothing new except the damage to Peaches and
Apricots In Fresno and Tulare counties by the
recent frosts.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 3%@
*%c for 40-50's. 3H@3%c for 50-60's, 2%@3^c
for 60-70' s,. 2»4@2»Hc for 70-80' s, l%@2Vic'for 80
90's, 1%@1%c for' 90-100's;, Peaches, 2%@4c;
fancy. 4ii©sc; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, s@6c
for Royals and 7@7%c for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6?4@7Vic;. sun-dried!
4<§sc; Black Figs. in sacks, 2@2%c; Plums.
4H@4%c for pitted and l@l^c for unpitted:
bleached Plums, o'ijoVic; - Nectarines, 4@sc ■ for
prime to fancy; Pears, . 2^<3A\ic for quarters
and 3(?s^c for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— lVi@2c for two-crown, , 3c for three
crown, 3%c for four-crown, 4^4c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2Vjc.
NUTS — Chestnuts are quotable at • 8c per
It>; Walnuts, 6@6c for hardshell and 6®7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2^@3V>c for hardshell, s@6c
for eoftshell and 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4@s^c for Eastern and- 4%c for California:
Pecans, 6%<£Bc; Filberts, B>*®loe; Brazil Nuts,
B®9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 5005 per 100.
HONEY— New Comb. B@loc for bright and 50
7c for .lower grades; new water- white extract
ed, 4%@5c; light amber extracted, B%ig4»4c
per Ib.
PROVISIONS. •
Stagnation Is still the order of the day and
prices are weak as a rule. '.vi '-'
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per 1b for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light, lie
for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, ' 10%@llc; California
Hams, 10c; Mess Beef. $3 per bbl; extra mess
do, $10; family do, $11012; Salt Pork, $9; extra
prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $1S; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef. ll@l2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 6%e per lb
for compound and 7c for pure: pails, 7%c:
California tierces, 5%c per lb for . compound
and 6%c for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7 Vic; do 5-lb. Sc. .
COTTOLENE— Tierces, • 6%@6?4c: packages,
less than 800 lbs— l-lb palls. 60 in a case, BT-Ac;
3-lb pails. 20 in a case. B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, BV4c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Wool is dead in the East and this situation is
about as dull as It can be. There Is no life to
the Hop nttrket. Hides are still unsettled, and
as far as ff-lces are concerned It Is go-as-you
please between the different dealers, each one
having his own price list. The tendency is
downward.
HIDES AND SKIXS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers,
10<510Vjc; medium, 9<&9M:c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9c; stags. 6c; salted^ Kip. 10c; Calf, lie; dry
Hides. 16@17c: culls and brands. 13@13Vzc; dry
Kip and Veal. 134f lU:;c: <!ry Calf. 174@19^c:
culls, l«; Goatskins. 30^37V»c each; Kids, o@10c:
Deerskins, good summer, 25^ 30c per lb; me
dium, 20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20010 c each: short wool. 40 70c each; medium,
long wools, 90c<5$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3?f3Vic per lb; No.
2. 2T?2'2c: renned. So: Grea.=e. 2t?2 I '-c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, "&
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern. 12
©13c; do. defective. Pifrllc per lb.
HOPS— OId crop. 2®6c for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good; new crop, 11 14c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
. COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton: New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50: Wallsend. $3: Scotch, $10; Cumberland, $10
In bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock
Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
CORDAGE— Prices are as follows: Manila—
IVinch, 7%c; 12-thread, S*,ic; 6 and 9 thread.
S%ic; bale rope, 7&@B>4c. l^-inch, 6^4c;
12-thread, 7Vic; 6 and 9 thread, 754 c; bale rope.
6%@7V4c
CANNED FRUITS— BIack Cherries quotable
at $1 25@1 50; White Cherries. $1 25@1 75;
Peaches and Pears, 90c@$l 10; Apricots. 60@90c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 70c@$l 25;
Tomatoes. 75c. ■■ . ■
COFFEE— quote: Costa Rica, 17@17^c for
prime washed; 14H@15c for good washed; 17Vj@
ISC'for good to prime washed peaberry; 16^i@17c
for good peaberry: 14(gl8c for good to prime; 12
@12Vsc for good current mixed with black
beans; 9^@l3c for fair; 6%@Scfor common to
ordinary. Salvador. 14@15c for good to prime
washed; 12@13VSc for fair washed; 15@16'/»c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9> / £@loc nomi
nal for superior unwashed: -SigSUc for good
green unwashed; 12g12'2C for good to prime
unwashed peaberry- Nicaragua, 10c for good
to superior unwashed; 12@12Hc for good un :
washed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican,
16%@18%c for prime to fancy washed; 14@16c
for good to strictly good washed; 12(&13V4c for
fair washed; 7@loc for medium; s<g6%c.for
common to ordinary; 16%#18c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 12@12Vic for good un
washed peaberry;' B*4 @10c for good to superior
unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, per lb. 3%c;
cases, selected, per lb, 4%c; cases, imitation
Eastern, per lb, 4%c; boneless, per lb, sc;
strips, Norway, per lb, s'4c; strips, Narrow
Gauge per lb. 5%c; strips. Silver King, per lb,
<>Vie: blocks. Clipper, per lb, sc; blocks. Ori
ental, per lb, 5%c; blocks, Seabright, per lb,
6- 4 c; 'tablets. Crown Brand, per lb, 7*4 c; mid
dles Golden State, per lb, 5%c; middles. White
Seal, per dozen. SVic: desiccated. Gilt Edge, per
dozen, SOc; pickled cod, barrels, each $8; pickled
cod, half barrels, each $4 60.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1. 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates):
Linseed OH, in barrels, boiled. 53c; do raw, 51c;
cases. 5c more: Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels. 55c; No. 1, 45c; cases, 5c more: .China
Nut, 47@58c per gallon: Neatsfoot Oil, barrels,
60c; cases, 65c; No. 1, barrels, 50c: cases, 55c:
Sperm, crude. 60c: natural white, 80c; bleached
do, 85c; Whale OH, natural white, 40c: bleached
do. 45c: Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors. $1 25<gl 35 per gallon; wagon
colors, $2<??2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, -■ GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— Water ■ White Coal Oil, in bulk, HHc
per gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases, 17c; Astral do,
17c; Star do. 17c; Extra Star do, 21c: Elaine
do, 22c; Eocene do, 19c: Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, in bulk; 12c; do in cases. nvic; 63 degree
Naphtha, in bulk. ll%c; do In cases. 16*4 c: 86
degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; do in cases, 25c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 67c; In iron barrels,
62c; in wooden barrels, 54c per gallon. : .
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 43c; do cases, 4Sc;
raw, barrels. 41c: do cases. 46c per gallon.
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light, 6s, 16 oz., 7%c; 14 oz., «>»4c; 12
oz : B^ic; 10 oz.. *Me. Parafflne Wax Candles —
Is, 2s. 4s, 6s and 12s. white,. 7%c: colored, B»ic.
QUICKSILVER— export. $36. and for local
use $40. per flask.
LEATHER— Harness, heavy, 30«T35c per lb;
do medium. »c; do light. 26027 c: rough
medium. 2Sc; do light, 2C(i?27c; rough Leather.
220280; Kips, $40?34.i per dozen: Calf. 90e$7$l per
lb: rough splits, 7@Bc; belt-knife splits, 10@l2c;
Collar Leather, black. 10if?12c per foot: do rus
set, 10@12c: Skirting Leather, 30®35c per lb. ■
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, 6V4c; Dry
Granulated. 6%c: Confectioners' 'A, h%c; Mag
nolia A. s>4c; Extra C. 5V4c: • Golden C, sc:
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A. 5%c per
lb: half barrels . lie more than barrels, : and
boxes %c more. -
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Dealers are obliged to pay the top figure for
good Hogs, though they say they cannot pay It
and come out even on . dressed stock at the
quotations. There is no change lin Beef and
Mutton. ■■■■•• ■
Wholesale rates for dressed . stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6H@7c; second quality,
6%®6c: third quality. 4@sc per 1b. •••
"VEAL— Large, fi'rmie: small. 7@7*4e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9c: Ewes, 84@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10®llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4^c for large, 4^iS?44c
for small and 4?t<54%c for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3}£c; dressed Hogs, 6@7c t per lb. "
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
POSTS— B@IOc each for No. 1 and 54@«c for
No. 2; Redwood,, $5 per cord; Oak,' rough, $8 50;
peeled, Pine. $5 75. .'-'..; :. ..." ■
LUMBER— Retail '- prices are : .: nominally as
follow*: Pine, 'ordinary sizes,* JU@l4 for No. 1
and $9 50@ll for No. 2; extra sizes higher. Red
wood— J14©17 for No. 1 and $11^12 50 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, *170@l 80: Pickets, $16; Shingles,
$1 25 for common and $2 25 : for fancy - Rustic.
119021; Shakes, $8. . . ,\ ,
RECEIPTS OP PRODUCE.
' For Tuesday, ; Mai^h 15.
Flour, qr sks ... 2,230 Middlings, sks .. ,- 200
Barley, otls ...:. 935 Alfalfa seed, Bks. 41
Corn, ctls ...... 1,200 Lime, bbls ...... 81
Butter, ctls ..... 383 Pelts, bdls ......: 285
Cheese, ctls :.... 20 Hops, bales 70
Tallow, ctls ..... 150 Raisins, bxs ;;.".7;-; 20
Potatoes, ctls ... 1,682 Hides, no .....;.., 1,066
Onions, sks , 454 Eggs, doz -.::.. 19,080
Beans, sks ...... 975 leather, rolls ... 94
Bran, sks •.....:. 1.575 Wine, gals <..:... 75,130
THE STOCK MARKET.
A reported strike In Chollar sent that stock
up somewhat and Potoßl advanced in sympathy.
Occidental was a few cents better again. Hale
& Norcross was weaker under a rumored court
decision.
On the Bond Exchange the sugar stocks ruled
firm, v will be seen. Oceanic Steamship was
also firm and tending upward.
The London, Paris and American Bank paid
a dividend of $3 20 per share yesterday. In
the board 130 was bid for the stock.
The delinquency in office of the Central Eu
reka assessment of H4 cents per share has been
postponed to April 9, and the day of sale to
May 3.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany will pay the regular monthly dividend or
50 cents per share on April 1.
The directors of the American Sugar Refin
ing Company have declared regular quarterly
dividends of 3 per cent on the common and
1% per cent on the preferred stock, payable on
The Hutchinson Plantation dividend of 40c
per share will be paid on the 21st.
Interest will be due and payable on and
after April 1 on the following bonds listed at
the Stock and Bond Exchange: U. S. 4s. quar
terly; California Electric Light 6s. quarterly:
Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar . o O s-s semi
annual; Northern Railway of California ss,
semi-annual; Omnibus Cable Railway 6s. semi
annual; Southern Pacific Railroad of Califor
nia 6s, semi-annual, and Southern Pacific
Branch Railway of California 6s. semi-annual
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay the regular monthly dividend
of 25 cents per share on March 25.
The Homestake Mining Company of Tjtah has
levied an assessment of 1 cent per share,
amounting to $2500.
The Sacramento Mining Company of I tan
has declared a dividend of V, cent per share,
amounting to $5000. payable March 31.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. March 15— 2 p. m.
Eid.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 50 51
4s quar coup.. Hi — Pac Gas Imp.. — 91
4s quar reg..Ho — Pac LCo 54 64Vit
4s quar new.. 121% - S F G * E.. 90V t 91
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3ft 4
Cal-st Cab 55.115^ — Stock Ga5..... 10 —
Cal El 6s 126i^— Insuranci—
C C Wat 65...102V4— Firem's Fund. l9s —
Dnp-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
EL & P Be..ia» — Anglo-cal .... 63^ 67
F&Ch Rv 6s. — 117 Bank of Ca!.. 247^249
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal 8D& T^ — 104V4
HC & S s^-105 — First I. at ....200 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Do gntd 65.. 100 — Mer Exchnge.. — 15
Market-st 65.. 127 — Nev Nat 8...155 —
Do Ist M 6s. 113% — Savings Eanks—
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
NCNg Ry 7s. 102 — Hum S & L.1050 1180
NRy Cal 65. .111* — Mutual Say. 85 40
N Ry Cal 55 .. 102^03% S F Say U.. 480 600
NPC R R to.IMH - S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry ss. 100% — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co. 1000 —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d is 55. .111 — California ....108 —
Om Ry 6s 127H130 Geary 40 —
P&O 6s 110 — Market-st .... 52 52M.
P&Ch Ry 65.108H — Presidio 6 8*
Powell-st 6s ..117H — Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....110 —
Sac Elecßyss. — 100 E Dynamite .. 85 92 1 4
S F & N P 55.106 10614 Giant Con Co. 42H 42*»
S P of Ar 6a.. 104 104% Vigorit 3% 3%
S P Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — 99M, Al Pac Assn.. — 99
S P Br 6s 112%113% Ger Ld Wks..lOO 150
5 V Wat 65... 117 118 j Hana P C 0... 20 —
6 V Wat 45...102%102\!h C & S Co.. 30% 30%
Stock Gaa 65.. — 103* i Hutch 8 P Co. 45^ 45%
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. — 65 Nat Yin C 0... — 7\i
Marin Co .... 60 — Oceanic S Co. 58 58^
Spring Val ...101*101% Pac A F L.. m —
Gas & TClectrie— Pao Bor C 0... 97V4 —
Cent Gaslight. 98*4 — Par Paint Co. 7 —
M E L Co 13V4 13%
Morning Session.
25 Spring Valley Water 10112%
35 do do 10100
130 do do 100 87H
30 Hutchinson S P Co 45 00
60 Market-street Railway 53 00
50 Giant Powder Con 42 00
Street—
10 Hutchinson S P Co 45 00
Afternoon Session.
60 Mutual Electric Light 13 62^
50 Giant Powder Con 4175
90 do do 42 00
35 do do 42 25
$2000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 25
25 Hutchinson S P Co 45 25
275 do do 45 50
500 Vigorit Powder 3 37^4
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 50
125 do do 58 00
5 Spring Valley Water 101 12Vi
15 do do 10125
10 do do s 5 10125
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 62^4
Street—
25 Oakland Gas 50 25
J6OOO Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
30 Spring Valley Water 10125
445 Central Light & Power 8 00
60 do do S 25
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 75
5 California Safe Deposit 100 50
J3of>o Spring Valley Water 4- 102 75
$5000 Market-street 5s 113 25
10 Contra Costa Water 63 00
Street—
50 Spring Vailey Water 10125
20 Market-street 53 75
Afternoon Session.
50 Giant Powder 42 00
10 S F Gas & Electric 90 87H
10 do do s 10 90 87H
Street—
10 Spring Valley Water 10100
100 Central Light & Power 8 12^4
MINING SALES.
Following were the Bales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 09 1 100 Mexican 31
350 Best & Belcher 30 ; 200 Occidental 2 15
1200 Slj2ooPotosl 43
i 400 Bullion 111200 42
> 200 Chollar 50|500 39
700 52:100 40
100 53 ! 500 Savage 24
50 51 100 Union Con 35
50 Gould & Curry.. lSi-lOOUtah 11
Afternoon Session.
50 Best & .Belcher 31 200 Ophlr 44
300 Chollar 51|700Potosi 42
250 Hale & Norcrs..l 40 100 Savage 25
I 15 125 200 Utah 10
200 Occidental 2 20
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 08 1 200 Crown Point .. 14
600 Alta 17 1 300 Gould & Curry.. 13
300 16j l«0 Hale & Norcrs..l 40
•800 Andes 11 100 130
300 Belcher 25 100 125
400 24 900 Mexican . x 31
100 Best & Belcher 31 300 Overman 12
100 30 300 11
300 Bullion U 200 Potosi 3S
I 400 Chollar 40 700 40
300 41|600 41
1300 48 i 300 39
200 49 400 Savage 25
600 1. 50 600 Utah 12
200 52|
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 1" 300 Mexican 31
700 Andes 11 200 32
200 Belcher 25 450 Potosi 41
150 Best & Belcher 31 200 43
200 Bullion 11500 44
300 ' VI 300 45
200 Chollar 63 400 Savage 25
400 52 200 24
61XI 51 SOO S B & M 05
200 50 400 Sierra Nev 1 07^
1000 55 500 Union Con 35
200 56 200 Utah 10
300 Gould & Cun-y.. 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, March 15—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 CiJulta 01 —
Alta 16 17 1 Justice — 30
Andes 10 lllKentuck 02 04
Belcher 24 25 Lady Wash ... — 03
Benton — 18 1 Mexican 31 32
Best & Belchr. 30 31 (Occidental 220 —
Bullion 12 13;Ophlr 44 45
Caledonia 30 31! Overman 11 12
Chollar 55- 56lPotosi 44 46
Con Cal & Va. 76 78 i Savage 25 26
Challenge 25 29 Seg Belcher ..05 06
Confidence 65 70 1 Scorpion 05 —
Con Imperial .. — 01] Sierra Nevada. l 05 110
Crown Point .. 12 14 ! Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate 01 —
Eureka Con ... — 23 Standard 170 —
Exchequer 06 07 Union Con 35 36
Gould & Curry. IS* 20 i Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcrs.l 40 1 45 1 Yellow Jacket. 25 27
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
COMrAXT.
No.
No. In the Day of JAmt.
Board. Sale. |
7tf Feb 2b] Mar 231 05
20 ..Mar 4 Mar 29 05
4D Mar S ..Apr 4 20
73 ..Mar 24 .Apr 1 10
■ 2 ..Mar X Apr 18 25
40 I.. Apr 1 ..Apr 26 01
45 I.. Apr T ..Apr 2s 05
64 ..Apr » ..May 3 20
11 ..Apr 8 ..May 3 25
1H I.. Apr '.* ..May 3 10
30 |..Apr » ..May 4 10
In the
Board.
Overman
Alpha Con
Potosi
Crown Point
Ophir
Con. Imperial —
Andes
Best & Belo her...
Con. cal. &Va....
Hale <fe Norcrosß.
Occidental
APPROPRIATE USE ©F LACE.
There is a discretion in the selection
and use of laces wherein one may show
refined taste and good judgment. Cer
tain kinds are befitting certain occa
sions, certain fabrics, certain seasons
and certain uses. There are laces for
morning and evening, for indoor and
outdoor costumes, for wraps and bon
nets, for lingerie and muslins, silks and
velvets, for youth, maturity and age.
Transparent, filmy laces or heavy ones
are to be used accordingly, as full or
fiat decoration is desired. For some
purposes machine lace is to be pre
ferred to the hand-wrought article. To
consider it more durable, however, is a
mistake. — Orlena L. Shackleford in
March Woman's Home Companion.
Rats abound on the Scilly Islands
near the seashore. At low tide crabs
drift into the underground avenues
leading to the rat holes and the rats
gnaw off their legs to prevent their es
cape.
THE CALL C-'-i-ENDAR.
March. 1898.
|Tu.
Moon's Phases.
Mo
3
6
7
14
21
28
- 1
{ 8
15
21
:■ 2 ■
9
16,
23
Ha
10.
z
24
31
4
11
Li
I 13
,<rLaßt Quarter
dt Mar. 14.
New Moon,
jQ? Mar. 22.
Mar 8.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Ottlee^V.B.K..-^r
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Marcn
The'ume ball on Telegraph Hill ™ s n d r°PP«*
exactly at noon to-day-i c. at noon of th«
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 P^Jtl,®?**
wieh time W. S. HUGHES,
wicn time. T , pntpnant- v s . N .. ln charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograph o
Office, located in the Merchants Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit or
mariners without regard to nationality ana
free of expense. . , ...
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tn«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hana
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball wal
dropped on time or giving' the error. If any, 1«
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, TJ. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au<
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur a.%
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point!
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MABCH->IH&
Wednesday, March lt».
Sun rises •■W
Sun sets 6:01
Moon rises 2:31
|Tlrnej Feet
Feet Z^Feei
1 . I, W|
!h w
L W
L W
1:58
2:47
ii"w
9:06
....
3.1
—0.3
—0.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning- tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on tho
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
I
•ooa nay i
State or Cai....
iVoeott
2mplre
.Vashtenaw
Newport
Portland »
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Tacoma.
Humboldt ».
San Diepo
Victoria & Puret 9na
Coos Bay ~
Humbodlt -.
Samoa
■'omona.
Jmatllla
Vrc.ita
iomer
)urm>
I JJanaiiro
Tacoma
Alaska
Crescent Cltr
tlumDOldt
Portland
Departure Bay
China and Japan
San Dl&ro
Panama
I Victoria and Pnjret Sound
dacklnaw
Valencia
Crescent City.,
forth Fora —
;olumoia
Jrlstol
■el?ic
lanta Roaa
'olon
Jlty Puebia.. .
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
ita Rosa I
lton ....
ilia Wlla
39 isav.. '
te of Cal
y Sydney i
«0tt...... j
cata j
nona :
San Dleco
Alaska
Vie & P Sound
• Newport
'Portland
i Panama
I Humbldt Bay.
(Coos Bay
iSaa Dieeo
I Alaska
jHumbolat....
iHumDoldt ....
Vie t P*t Snd
Portlana
Chlna&Japan.
Australia
Humboldt
Mar 16. 11 am
Mar 16, 10 AM
Mar 17. 10 am
Mar IS. 9am
Mar IS. 10 am
Mar 18. 13 • M
Mar 19, 9AM
Mar 19. 10 am
Mar 20. U
Mar 20
Mar 21. 10 AM
Mar 21.
Mar 22.10 am
Mar 23.10 AM
Mar 23, 1 pm
Mar 33. 2 PM
Mar 23. 9 am
Pier 9
Pier U
Pier 2*
PM 88
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier t
Pier a
PleiTii
Pier 2*
PM 83
Pier 7
Pier 2
iro
mer j
noa ■
latllia ..
iiiniDia..
Ina
ana
rih Fork i
SHIPPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. f
Tuesday, Marsh 15.
Stmr New England, Small, 80 days from
Boston, bound for Vancouver; put into Saa
Francisco for fuel.
U 6 stmr Richard Rush, Roberts, from a
cruise
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, 13 hours from
Moss Landing.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 19 hours from Caspar.
Bktn S N Castle, Hubbard, 19 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 12 hoars from
Fisks Mill.
Schr Czar, Hutman, 23 days from Ban Bias.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, March 16.
S Br stmr Wellington, Salmons!, Na.nA.lmo; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Whal stmr Karluk, McGregor, whaling;;
Roth. Blum & Co.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka; Goodall, Perk
1 Ins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Dlacot
Good, Perkins & Co.
Br ship Speke, Wainright, Queenstown. a
W McNear.
SAILED.
Tuesday, March 15.
U S smtr Richard Rush, Roberts, cruise.
Whal stmr Karluk, McGregor, whaling.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Bark Electra, Peterson, Prince William
Sound.
«chr Western Home, Nllason, Coos Bay.
Schr Lily, Bottger, Umpqua,
Schr W F Jewett. Johnson, Unalaska.
Schr Jennie Thelln, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ralph J Long, Gruggle, Astoria.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 15—10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind, W; velocity, 12 miles per hour.
CHARTERS.
The W H Dlmond loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Conway loads wheat at Seattle for Eu
rope, 38s 9d; Orontes, wheat at Portland for
Europe, 37s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Czar— March 12— About 150 mile*
west of Point Sur Br sealing schr Penelope. vSg
Feb It— Lat 25 S, long 43 W, ship Aryan, fn .
New York, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD — Sailed March 14 — • Stmr
Whitesboro, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived March 15— Schr Berth*
Dolbeer, from Eureka.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 15— Schr C H
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived March 15— Schr
Yosemite, from Seattle.
TACOMA — Saiied March 15 — Schr Golden
Shore, for Adelaide.
TATOOSH— Passed March 15— Stmr \% ashte
naw, from Tacoraa, for San Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY - Sailed March 15-Bark
Diamond Head, for Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March la— Bktn Lncla
John, from Eureka.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived March lo— Schr Hal
cyon, from Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BORDEAUX - Arrived Fob 22 — Nor stmr
F^LEETWOoS-A'r^ved March 14-Ger .hip
H CARDlFF^Sa l ne<l°March 13— Br bark Banff
shire for Esquimau.
COLON— Sailed March 12— Stmr Finance, for
WIGHT-Paseed March 14-Br brk
Lindley. hence Sept Uj, lor Hull
LAS PALM AS— Arrived March 14— Br stmr
Indrapura. from Tacoma.
LIVKIU'OOL-Arrived March 14— Ger ship
Flottbek, from Oregon.
SYDNEY— Arrived March 12— Br stmr Warrl
moo from Vancouver.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 14— Br ship
E-urella, irom San Diego.
WELLINGTON. N Z— Sailed March 12— Br
stmr Miowera. for Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed March 13— Br stmr Mo
gul for Tacoma.
Arrived March 15— Br stmr Empress of China
from Vancouver.
CAPE SPARTEL— Passed March 15— Br ship
Forthbank. from Gerigenti, for Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 15— Br ship
James Kerr, hence Oct 13; Br bark Moel Eillan
hence Nov 4; Br ship Pinmore. hence Oct 27.
Nor bark Stjorn. form Seattle; Ital ship Sal
vatore Ciampa, hence Nov 4.
DUNKIRK — Arrived March 15— Ger ship
Willkommen. from Oregon; Br bark Str
gryfe, from Oregon. SB
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. T 't^
NEW YORK — Sailed March 15— Stmr Kai
ser Wtlhelm der Grosse, for Bremen; stmr
Cevlc, for Liverpool; stmr Peninsula, for Lis
bon.
Arrived March 15— Stmr Pennsylvania, from
Hamburg.
BOULOGNE— Arrived March 15— Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrived March 16-Stm*
Havel, Irom New York.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
STOCKHOLDERS
ARE INDIGNANT
Required to Pay for Years
Longer Than They
Agreed.
Oakland Building Society Said
to Have Been Badly
Managed.
Forty Thousand Dollars the Sum of
Which Complaint Is
Made.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 15.
Some of the stockholders of the Oak
land Building and L.oan Association are
making serious charges of mismanage
ment apamst the directors. At a meet
ing of the dissatisfied stockholders a
resolution was passed of which the fol
lowing is part;
Whereaa, We have no faith whatever in the
managers of said corporation or in their ability
or .i.. sire to so manage its affairs, and, being
of the opinion that said corporation is now
being conducted Bolely in the interests of its
i direct wrs and a few assistants, all
of whom nap a harvest at our hands, for
which they pay no consideration, ami we have
c tired of what we deem to be legalized
extorticn when \\ ! to pay in money
for a longer time than we agreed; therefore,
'.vol. That we cease linger to pay, and
we hereby mutually pledge eacfa uther to cease
] :iyi"K and to stand together in an appeal to
our courts for a remedy, that we may be able
to support our wives and children.
Among those who signed the protest
A". A. O'Banion, Bernard McManus,
Ed Nolan, a capitalist; W. H. Dyer, a
conductor; John Grismore, a carpenter,
and Thomas Mo ran, a capitalist. They
have decided to band together and fight
in the courts what they characterize as
"legalized extortion."
The trouble had its origin in a suit
now in the Superior Court. Last Octo
1 er Judpe Yule, the attorney, and a di
rector of the association, brought suit
against W. H. and Mary McGrath to
foreclose. The MeGraths held stock in
the association and erected a house.
O'Banion bought the property, subject to
the claim of the association, and is also
a party to the suit.
The specific charge against the direc
tors is that they diverted $40,000 of the
funds from their proper application and
would not keep the agreement made with
stockholders.
"When a person took out stock," says
O'Bar.ion, '"the agreement was that it
should all be paid up at the end of seven
Hut DOW we llnd that some of us
will have to pay four or ftve years longer
just because this $40,000 has been misap
plied and the stock has gone below par.
I tried to find out from the officers how
much lunger I should have to pay, and
they either could not or would not tell
me nor assure me that 1 should be clear
in live years.
'"There is one case in particular that
appeals to the stockholders. It is that of
Mrs. Buop, living on Sixteenth street.
8 a widow and took a loan of $900,
freeing to have it paid in seven years,
and recently she had to borrow $600 in
< rd< r to get out."
Judge Yule says that if there has been
a misappropriation of $40,000 he does not
know of it. "The trouble, so fur as I
rstand it," he said, "is due to a few
holders who think that 50 cent stock
should mature In the time specified,
whereas as a matter of fact there never
any 50 cent stock in any building and
:ttion in the United States that
hsts matured within the time set by the
director: '
The directors are A. J. Roberts, Dr. N.
K. Foster, Judge Yule, Jerry Tyrrel, Wil
liam Rutherford, J. Y. Miller, Dr. A. J.
Russell, R. P. M. Greeley, N. K. Barstow.
WITNESSES IN JAIL.
) prisoners Charged With Felony Are
Out on Bonds.
OAKLAND. March 15.— William Viers,
who was arrested nearly a year ago for
burglary and criminal assault, was again
< ii '.ria.l to-day, the lirpt jury having dis
agreed. He was arrested with Frank No
lan, William Marsh and Barchi Perata,
all m< mbers of the Fish gang. Nolan has
been acquitted, William Marsh has been
convicted and has appealed, and Perati
has not yet been tried.
A jury was soon impaneled and testi
mony Ith the evidence of Andrew
Aird, at whoso house the offenses were
committed.
A peculiar feature of these cases is the
fact that while the prisoners have mostly
been free, the three witnesses — Aird and
his wife and Mrs. Lizzie James— have
been kept in jail. This incarceration was
mutually agre< .. ith witnesses and
prosecution, but has proved expensive to
the county. The three witnesses have
cost in food alone over $200. The trial
will occupy a few days.
WHAT MAY BE EXPECTED AFTER JULY 1.
OAKLAND, March 15.— The result of
politics in fixing water rates and the
manipulating of water companies In
other directions is likely to seriously
interfere with the morals of this city
after July 1, when the high water rates
go into effect. According to the Board
of Health— or a part of it— the Contra
LADIES DOING
FAMILY POLITICS
Much Interest Shown in
the Coming Ebell
Election.
Everything Harmonious but
Some Difference of
Opinion.
The Club'e Future Will Depend to
Some Extent Upon tho
Result.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 15.
The Ebell Society's annual election will
be held on April 8 and the method of con
ducting it will differ from that in vogue
in the past. The nominating committee
will be dispensed with and any number of
candidates can be placed in nomination.
There are several issues involved in the
contest and the ladies declare that al
though there may be some differences of
opinion, there is nothing likely to disturb
the unanimity of the club. The question
of greatest interest to the club at present
is its future attitude in regard to State
federation of women's clubs. The Ebell
was founded on principles that are not fa
vorable to federation, but which favored
the keeping of the club an organization
by itself, independent of any outside al
liances. These ideas are firmly rooted in
the older members, but do not find so
much favor with the younger member
ship. Tho latter inclines to a broadening
policy, and this is the "difference of opin
ion" that will probably be settled at the
eurning election.
The .Ebell embraces about four hundred
of the leading women of this city and its
actions are watched with great interest
by the general public. This is partly dj^e
to the lact that such guarded efforts are
made to prevent secrets of the white tem
ple from becoming public property. The
curious are often led to believe that there
is more to learn of the Kbell than there
really is, and surmise often takes the
place of fact.
ahe interest felt In the coming election
by the members is shown by tho fact
that although the meeting was not large
ly attended, there were nearly fifty can
didates placed in nomination.
"We anticipated a lively time," said
one of the leaders of the club to-day. "As
a matter of fact, we are all doing a little
of what might be called family politics.
There is one good thing about the Ebell —
we always keep our little affairs to our
selves. Just now we are divided in
opinion on the question of federation. 1
do not really know if the matter were
put to a vote of the whole club how
it would stand. We are all as peaceful
as doves, though, and there is not a con
test, although each side would like to see
its pet idea carry.
"I do not think we are independent
enough. Many of us are too sensitive,
and retire as soon as the Century Club
of San Francisco hints that we are too
aggressive. It is not an easy task to hold
office in the Ebell. Not that we ever
have any serious differences. Oh, no.
But little things arise, and they have to
be dealt with. Four hundred women is
a big number to deal with, and Mrs.
President Bunnell has done beautifully in
the past. Our next election will be very
interesting, and may mark a step of aa
vance for the Ebell."
Three Scox-e and Ten.
BERKELEY, March 15.— President Mar
tin Kellogg's office at the university was
beautifully decorated by the co-eds this
morning in honor of the president's seven
tieth birthday. President Marion C. Whip
pie of the Associated Women Students
and a committee consisting of Miss Ger
[ trude Allen, Miss Hattie Curtis, Miss
I Edna Woolsey and others transformed
! the room into a fragrant bower of violets
| and fruit blossoms. President Kellogg
I was greatly pleased and wrote a note of
i thanks to the Women Students.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 15.— Over 500 resi
dents of Berkeley have petitioned the
Town Trustees to reduce the municipal
tax rate at least 20 per cent.
Professor Edmund O'Neill will read a
paper before the chemistry section of the
Science Association next Thursday after
noon on "Victor Meyer."
The baseball game next Saturday after
noon between the Alumni and the Uni
versity of California baseball teams will
be played on the Berkeley campus Instead
of at Central Park.
A new dining hall, to cost $6000 and to
accommodate 250 people, is the latest pro
posed addition to the university build
ings on the campus. The cottage at pres
ent occupied by the Dining Association
has proved insufficient to meet the grow
ing demand. A committee consisting of
Professors Brown, Cory, Cloman, Haskell
and O'Neill Is considering plans for the
new building.
Costa water has several thousand more
colonies of young snakes and other
reptiles to the drop that is conducive to
health. About that time, also, the
Oakland Company's supply has run
low, and they have Issued an annual
apology for mixing mud and water. On
,top of this will come the exorbitant
THESANFBANCISCO CALL, WE DX ESP AY, MARCH 16, 1898.
WOODWARD IS
NOT THROUGH
The Solid Six Waiting to
Get Into the Jury
Room.
President Pierce Promised to
Be on Hand Whenever
He Was Wanted.
The Stringless Man's Typewriter Was
Again Called Upon for In
formation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 15.
Most of the Solid Six Councilmen passed
this afternoon loitering about the Court
house -waiting to be called before the
Grand Jury. Heitmann, H,enneberry, Earl
and Watkinson sat on one bench, while
Woodward, his stenographer, Miss Vogel
sanger, and Harry Thomas sat opposite.
Henry Pierce, president of the Contra
Costa Water Company, reported promptly
at 1:30 p. m., but after promising to keep
■within call he was permitted to go to his
office. The other witnesses were not so
fortunate, but were kept in the windy
corridors and they let it be known they
did not appreciate it.
George Hunt, who was once a deputy
sheriff, was the first witness, and he was
examined for a few minutes. When he
came out he was very reticent and paid
he had been cautioned not to talk.
Miss Vogelsanger, Woodward's type
writer, who wrote the famous defense of
the Councilman that contained much that
Woodward did not know, was again in
the jury-room to tell about the transac
tion, but she said she was unable to en
lighten the jurors any more than she had
at her first appearance.
Major Woodward was again sent for,
and much of his former testimony was
gone over again, as it conflicted with evi
dence that has been obtained from others.
The Grand Jury will meet again to
morrow afternoon.
A GLOOMY PICTUKE.
Alameda Youth Writes From Daw-
son Warning People to
Keep Away.
ALAMEDA, March 15.— A letter has
been received from Homer Farris, a
young man whose family resides in this
city, and who was among the first to go
| to 'the Klondike last fall. He went up in
November and reached Dawson all right.
i He says, however, that the place is not
| at all what it is cracked up to be, and
i that he suffers greatly from the cold. He
I has already had frostbitten toes and fin-
I gers. The party that he went with broke
j up after reaching Alaska and he has had
I to find new companions. They are work
! ing some claims on one of the tributaries
!of the Yukon, but with little success.
j Farris says that as soon as he can earn
! enough to pay back the grub stake he
went with he will come home. He advises
every one who is? thinking of going to
| Alaska to stay away.
The New Estuary Bridge.
ALAMEDA, March 15.— Contrary to gen
eral report in this city it appears that the
plans which will be adopted by the Su
pervisors for the new Webster-street
bridge provide for a structure live feet
higher above the surface of the water i
than the present one. will necessi
tate the raising of the grade of the an- j
proaches to correspond. The draw will j
be operated by electricity instead .of. by i
hand power, as at present, which will be |
a great boon to those who have in the
past been unnecessarily delayed by the
primitive method in vogue.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March 15.— The club house,
of the Reliance Gun Club on the marshes,
near the Webster-street bridge, has been
entered and robbed and considerable dam
age done to the property. There is no
clew to tho perpetrators.
Charles Fletter of the Alameda Steam
Laundry lost the end of one of his fingers
yesterday while lifting a heavy piece of
machinery by allowing it to slip and
catch his hand.
The Alameda dairymen who have been
at Pleasanton looking into the feasibility
of establishing a large dairy farm there,
have returned and report favorably. It
will take some time, however, to arrange
the preliminaries.
Work is well under way on the repairs
of Catholic church. Solid founda
tions are being put in and heavy steel
pillars will support the roof. It has been
discovered that the bell Is cracked, and a
new one will be obtained in its place.
George Clark, a motorman on the elec
tric road, was arrested to-day for dis
turbing the peace of his divorced wife.
He pleaded guilty.
George Adams and Larry Sullivan were
arrested to-day for vagrancy and sent to
thft County Juil for five days each.
News has been received by his relatives
in this city of the death in Tokio. Japan,
of Dr. Guido F. Verbeck, who has been
a missionary in that country for many
years.
price for water. Under the circum
stances, it is argued that any one who
drinks anything calculated to kill mi
crobes will hay% the weight of sani
tary, hygienic and financial argument
on his side. If such a calamity be
averted, it will be because Oaklanders
do not swallow all that politicians is
sue, though it be sugar-coated.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Transactions for the Past
Week Few and Un
important.
Releases and Reconveyances
Exceed Mortgages and
Trust Deeds.
Rates of Interest Remain Unchanged.
The Records, Auctions, Sales
and Notes.
There is little change in the real estate
market from what it has been for some
time past. Prices remain about the same,
according to prophecy. Property in the
region of Market street for business pur
poses and in the Presidio Heights dis
trict for residences is now regarded as the
most desirable, but owners are not nearly
so eager to sell as formerly.
The prevailing rates of interest are still
6% and 7 per cent. A rate of 6 per cent
is seldom given except as loans on gilt
edge properties, and even then only on
large loans. It is pretty commonly be
lieved by the brokers that better times
will come before long. A tendency to thla
is seen by the fact that the sum totals of
mortgages and trust deeds lately exceed
greatly in value that of releases and rep
ayments. The banks are full of money,
but experience difficulty in making de
sirable loans.
THE RECORDS.
The following were the principal
mortgages and trust deeda recorded
during the week:
By the San Francisco Savings Union
to Louis Schultz. $75,000 on property in
lifty-vara block t'.S, on the northeast cor
ner of Washington and Kearny streets,
north 100 by east 107:8%: Mutual Bank to
Robert and Agnes Darnel, $30,000 for one
year at 6% per cent on property in 100
vara block 347, on the southeast line of
Mission street, 275 :S northeast of Second,
northeast 71:4, southeast 80, northeast 0:6,
southeast 80: .«->uth\vest 72:6, northwest 80,
northeast 0:S, northwest 80.
Hibernia Bank to Jay V. Lawrence,
$10,000 for one year at 6% per cent on prop
erty in 'Western Addition block 8, on the
north lino of Eddy, 55 east of Polk, east
57:6 by north 92, and in Western Addition
block 577. on the north line of Washing
ton, 31:3 east of Lyon, east 50 by north
102:SU; same to William M. Bunker, $22.u00
for one year at 6i 2 per cent on property
in Western Addition block 69, on the
southwest corner of Polk and Hayes,
south 60 by west 100; Savings and Loan
Society to Estelle and George T. Knox,
$10,000 on property in Mission block 79, on
the west line of Guerrero, 52 north of
Eighteenth, west 80, north 25, west 44,
north 25, northwest 25:1%, west 7:SVs, north
25, east 10, north 25, east 125, south 125;
San Francisco Savings Union to John
Came, $25,500 on property In 50-vara block
SO7, on the northeast corner of Bush and
Larkin, north lu7:'! by east 137:6, and on
blocks A to J, Columbia Heights Tract,
excepting lots 1 to 11 and 40 to 47 in block
H, lots 19 and 27 in block E and lots 26
and 27 in block G, also on property on the
southeast corner of Elizabeth and Dia
mond, east 240 by south 114.
The following releases and reconvey
ances were fur ruins worthy of mention:
From the San Francisco Savings Union
to Louis Schultz, $75,000 on property in
flfty-varu block os, on the northeast
corner of Washington and Kearny streets,
north HO by east 107:8%; from the same to
Anna J. Kittredge, Slu.uoO on property in
100-vara block 342, on the northeast line
of First street, 275 feet southeast of
Howard, northeast 137:6, northwest 15,
northeast 40; German 3ank to Mary J.
Kcane, $14,000 on property in Western Ad
dition block 219, on the northeast corner
of Pago and Buchanan, north 120 by east
t!5; Mutual Bank to Robert and Agnes Dal
ziel, $15, 000 on property in lw-vara block
347, on the southeast line of Mission, 275:3
northeast of Second, northeast 71:4 by
southeast 80; Lloyd Tevis to D. M. and
Pauline Delmas, $50,000 on property in
lifty-vara block 216, on the southwest
corner of Washington and Taylor, west
137:6 by south 137:6, in 100-vara block 80,
on the southeast corner of Market, 225:9
northeast of Sixth, northeast 49:3 by
southeast 170, also on property in Santa
Clara County; San Francisco Savings
Union to John Came, $43,500 on property
in nfty-vara block 307, on the northeast
oerner of Bush and Larkin, north 137:6
by east 137:6, on property near Railroad
Homestead Association Tract, and in
Highland Addition Mock Ixs, on the
southeast corner of Diamond and Eliza
beth, east 240 by south 114.
RECENT SALES.
One hundred and sixty acres, mostly
pasturage land in the region of Skaggs
Spring, has been sold by l'avid Bush of
Umbsen & Co.'s country department for
J. R. Dicklnion to P. Mulgrew for $1500.
Jacob Heyman has bought block 60 in
the Abbey Homestead for $1350. and has
sold a four-room-and-bath cottage, with
lot 50x70, on the west lino of Mercer
street, 175 feet soui.h of ('.inland avenue,
to F. Kestler. He has also begun the
building of a four-room-niid-hath cottage
on Twenty-third street, above View ave
nue.
The Germania Building and Loan Asso
ciation has purchased the property on
the northwest corner of Sansome and Pa
cilic streets, held in the name of John
F. Bruns, at foreclosure .sale for |13,259
Under foreclosure proceedings also has
the Hibernia Bank bought in the prop
erty belonging to S. Jl. Dupuy, on the
southeast line of Brannan street 343 -D
southwest of Eighth, 68:9x275, for $9400
R. S. Hooker has sold the property on
the southwest corner of Larkin and Sac
ramento streets, 40:2^4x100, to Joseph F
Perini and Filomena de L,ariviere for
$6000. He recently paid $4800 for the same
property.
The property on the north line of Gol
den Gate avenue, 151 feet west of Van
Ness, has been sold by M. Meyerfield to
James Schwartz for $15,750. The seller
less than thirty days ago bought the
property from H. J. Lundt for $14 750
liuniham & Marsh were the brokers in
each transaction.
The Pup Restaurant property, on the
ea»t lino of Stockton street, 113:6 feet
north of Market, has been purchased by
Mrs. F. J. Sullivan fur $106,000. The lo*t
is 49 feet frontage, has an average depth
of 75 feet, and an addition in the rear
On the lot is a four-ytory brick building
Sol Getz & Brother report the following
recent sales of property: 50x120. west line
of Ninth avenue, 100 feet north of M
street, for $1000; 5ux120, oust line of Tenth
avenue, 150 feet south of L street for
$1000; 25x120, east line of Ninth avenue
250 feet south of J Street, for $750- 25x120*
east line of Twelfth avenue, 275 feet south
of I street, for $850; 50x120, east line of
Forty-eighth avenue, 250 feet south of I
street, for $500; 25x100. southeast line of
Athens street, 275 feet southwest of Bra
zil avenue, for $250; lots lo and 11, in block
B, Getz addition to Lakeview for $300
25x120, west line of Twenty-third avenue'
125 feet north of California street, for
$500; 57:0x100. northeast corner of X street
and Thirty-flfth avenue, for $400.
AUCTIONS.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. -will hold an
auction sale of miscellaneous city prop
erties March 22.
G. H. T'mbsen & Co. will hold a simi
lar sale April 4.
RANDOM NOTES.
The cornerstone of the new Holy Cross
Church, on the north side of Eddy street,
between Devisadero and Scott, will be
laid on April 3, it being Palm Sunday.
The McCarthy Company has started
several more new homes in the Sunnyside
district.
The seventh annual report of the Argo
naut Mutual Building and Loan Associa
tion shows the assets to amount to $69.
496; cash on hand, $4504; shares in force,
944, of which 256 are pledged by mort
gages.
Homestead declarations were made
during the week as follows: By Anna,
wife of Otto Peters, on the south line of
Pine street, 8:3 east of Steiner, $4500;
James Carroll, on the northwest line of
Teharr.a street, 225 southwest of Fifth,
$2500; Frank Ciesta, on lots 7, 8, and 9
block 13, West End Map 1, $5000.
Fallon Street Legally Dedicated
OAKLAND, March 15.— There was con
siderable satisfaction expressed in thi3
city to-day when it was announced that
the city had won its case against the
London and San Francisco Bank in the
United States Circuit Court for the open
ing of Fallon street for 100 feet south of
Twelfth street. It is said that the bank
will appeal, and in that case it will be
some time before the opening can be com
pleted. The street is open from Sixth
street to the line in dispute and will soon
be opened between Twelfth and Thir
teenth streets.
Murr Has a Day of Trouble.
OAKLAND, March 13.— Deputy Con
stable and Poundmaster H. J. Murr of
Elmhurst suffered a bad fracture of his
skull yesterday at the hands of Antone
Duravara, whose horse he had taken up_
on the roadway. He succeeded in placing
Duravara in the County Jail. He then
visited the Receiving Hospital and had
his wound dressed. Next he stopped in
a saloon, and when there he claims James
Parsons struck him in the face without
provocation. He went out and found Po
liceman Clark to have Parsons arrested.
When they returned Parsons' friends de
clared he had not struck Murr and the
saloon-keeper, C. D. O'Gara, had Murr ar
rested for drunkenness and Murr had
Parsons arrested for battery. Murr was
released on bail, but O'Gara did not ap
pear to-day to prosecute him.
Merritt Boys Lose.
OAKLAND. March 15.— Word was re
ceived here late last evening that the ap
peal from the decision rendered last year
in the United States Circuit Court in San
Francisco in the suit of Bowdoin College
against Frank B. and James P. Merritt
had been dismissed. This throws the
Merritt brothers' case out of court and
upholds the validity of the Garcelon
trust. It assures Oakland a $400,000 hos
pital and Bowdoin College $600,000. This
case has been in the courts since Septem
ber 6, 1592, when the boys filed their peti
tion for the revocation of Mrs. Garcelon's
will.
. Cemetery Creek Opening.
OAKLAND, March 15.— A lengthy pro
test has been filed in the City Clerk's
office to-day against the report of the
commissioners for the opening of Ceme
tery Creek thorougfare. The protest is
based on the grounds that the values of
lands taken and damages to improve
ments are not correctly fixed; that the as
sessment is excessive; that the plat is
not correctly made; that the costs of the
first proceedings have been included in
the present ones; that the commissioners
exhausted their powers when they made
the first report, which was declared in
valid; that the report and plat were not
filed within the legal time.
Luckhardt's Examination.
OAKLAND, March 15.— Albert Luck
hardt was arraigned in the Police Court
to-day on a warrant sworn to by W. E.
Francis of Francis & Leet. His examina
tion is set for to-morrow. The sensational
reports published in the San Francisco
papers that he was dying in his cell are
untrue, although he undoubtedly has con
sumption. He admitted burglarizing
Francis & Leet, and part of the goods
have been recovered. He secured nearly
$100 worth of supplies.
Frigntened by a Car.
OAKLAND, March 15.— Dr. W. H. Blood
and Judge Taylor were thrown from a
buggy shortly after 5 o'clock to-night and
badly bruised. The accident happened at
the corner of Thirteenth and Washington
streets. Tho two had just entered the
buggy when a car frightened the horse
and he began to back. The buggy struck
a hitching post and upset, throwing the
two men out.
Property for Her Husband.
OAKLAND. March 15.— The will of the
late Anna E. Gam-, who died at her homo
on Myrtle and Twelfth streets on January
12, was filed for probate to-day by Leon
Gaily. The estate consists of the home
place, valued at $5000, an interest in some
San Francisco property and a deposit in
bank. It is all given to the husband, with
the proviso that the deceased's mother
is to have a home there during her life.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PHVfllflfl The s - s - MOAN A
idnSaViKSL sails via Honolulu and
C** a *"^ Auckland for Sydney
M . -^— Wednesday. March 23,
n\**s^ l'\ at 2 p. m.
SttfiniMiinc) s. s. zealandia.
CyiCfllllJllllJ I*'1 *' forf 0r HONOLULU only,
■ /n(TiR?mU"» Wednesday, April 6,
VyiipvJlUJi 2p. m. Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freigth Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate TransatSantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North -^ffoa*
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers 4LytOM\
by this line avoid . both transit by « WM "
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
second class $116.
LA NORMANDIE March 19. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE March 26 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE April 2. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE April 9, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE April 16
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Apent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
THE NEW PABBENGER AND FREIGHT STEAMER
"DIRIGO"
Will sail about March 21 for
DYEA AND SKAGUAY
DIRECT.
For passage and freißht apply
ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
3 Stcuart Street, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Montlcello"
Mon., Tues., \vea., Thurs. and 5at........
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 P- m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ...'......... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Dock, Pier 2.
Telejhone. Red 2241.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m.; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street, San Jose.
v.jffip; lira !J l^^B If "lie 'rd
* ' -A ■ V ill L __J— • / L^^A. inAj-i **^BZbHb »t
One of the New York institutions which deserves well of the
[public and is receiving the appreciation that it merits, is The Home
Bureau Delicacies for the Sick, which has had out its sign at 15
West 42d Street for several years. This Bureau does not dispense
medicines," said the manager recently, "but we do hear frequent
discussions concerning the merits of remedies, and it seems to be
conceded that Ripans Tabules are a reliable auxiliary to the physician.
Some of our patrons use them to a considerable extent, and physicians
tssure JMLtliat.the formula is excellent." ' . : '
Auction Salee
< ■ ' ■•■-' a^BSS^HRoBuKAIfiSuBiS
AT AUCTION.
THIS DAY,
Wednesday, March 16, 1898,
At 12 O'ClOCk M., at
609 Battery St., Nr. Jackson,
HORSES, WAGONS, •■
COAL CARTS,
LARGE MACNEALE & URBAN SAFE,
OFFICE FIXTURES, Etc.
Formerly used in wholesale coal business.
To Be Sold Without Reserve.
Owner Retiring From Business.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneers.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MfltnJm. 625keABST *T. Established
■W^^H^ in 1854 for the treatment of Private
tW I X «t Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
ajMMßßjgHfc disease wearing on bodyand mind and
•jlßSffißn Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
t'nrmcnarantrrd. Cal! or write.
l>r. J. F. UIBBO\, Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
li^fri Steamers leave' Broadway
NKflßfe. wharf, San Francisco:
rteuSJMjrJgNafc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
tjOs£m?\ March 2, 7, 12, 17, 22, 27, April
fl^SeS S«8 1. Transferred at Seattle.
MjftGajtfS? For Alaskan ports (from
'^^^■^^^^BBfl Spear street wharf). 10 a. m.,
J March 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26. 30.
Transferred at Portland, Or.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2, 7,
12 17 22 27. and every fifth day . thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma with
N P Ry., at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.
March 3, 9,. 15, 21, 27. and every sixth day
1 For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hii»neme.
<5-in Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. March 2, 6. 10, 14, 13, 22, 20,
30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego. stoppinE only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
os Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
"m* March 4. 8. 12, 16. 20, 24. 28, and every
fourth day ' thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Pa«, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., March 8,
ADril 3 and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
a TICKET f OFFICE-Palace Hotel, .4 New
M GOSDALL. street. Jk CO.. Gen Airts..
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen^Agts.,
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CiDP *12 First Class Including Berth
rAKC $ 8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Mar. 2. 10. 18, 29
Columbia Mar. 6, 14. 22. 39
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 8
p. in. Daily.
FREIGHT RELEIVEU Lf TO 5:30 P. M,
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line Belling turuugh tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on the
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T C. WALKER, CITT OF STOCKTON.
MART OARRATT, J. D. PETERS.
Telephone Main SO5. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897. trains will ran ta
follows:
Southbound. Northbound!
Passea- Mixed t; t , t i on a Mixed I Passea-
ger Sunday Sunday ! per
Dally. Excptd Exc'p'td Daily.
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:60 p.m. Fresno J:3oa.m. 2:' JO p.m
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford .:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m
12:16 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Vlsalia 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m
Stopping at intermediate po ints when require!
Connections — At Stockton with steamboata ot
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings. Coultervllle. etc.;
aleo with stage for Hornltos. Marlposa. etc.:
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauealito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
19. 1897.
WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *7:2s, *9:». :
11:30 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:45, *5:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. m. I
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B :oo, '10.00,
•11:30 a. m. ; M:l5, 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a, m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions ; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer,
Office warerooms, 755 Mission st. ; tel. Clay 47.
I will sell TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). March
16, 1898, at 11 a. m., on the premises, 923% Fol-
som St., the entire stock of Furniture, Carpets,
Stoves, Crockery, etc., contained, in the above
store. Hotel men and lodging house keepers*
attention called to this sale. Terms cash.
- EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
FURNITURE OF 25 ROOMS.
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 11 a. m.
1723 MARKET STREET, OPPOSITE GOUGH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market.
BAILEOAD TRAVEL, ' j
SOt'TIIKKX PACIFIC CO3IPANT.
(PACIFIC BYHTBM.)
Trnln« leatTe nail arc .'•■■•- to nrrlT« at
NAN FKANCIMCO.
- (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) k -
uavi — Frost January 1.1883. — ARltiV
""•6:OOa Niks, San Joso and Way Stations . . . *8:43 a
7:00 a. Benicia, Suisua ond Sacramento.... 10:43*
?:OOa MarysTille, Orovilleand Roddiui; via
Woodland 5:45?
7:00 a Vacavillo and Run:sey »j4^r
7>3Oa Martinez, San Ramon. Valle jo. Napa,
Calistoca and Santa Rosa 6s*3*
»>OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogilcn and Kaat.. Bs*S*
«»»aOA Niles, San Jose. Stockton, lone.
Sacramento. Marysville, . Chico,
Tehama and Re.l WulT 4:IBp
"SiSOa Peters, Milton ami Uakdale »?s£3r
. •i«Ua New Orleans lCxpreco. reed. Ray-
mond, Fresno, ltakera!!ul<l, Santa
IJarliaia, los Aityelea, l>eming,
El J'aso. Now Orleans and East. 0»43*
9.-«6a Valiejo. Martinez, Mercod and
Fresno I*lls*
•I:00p Sacramento Hirer Stenmeru »B|pOp
1 iOOp Niles. San Joso and Way Stations. . {9* 1 0 a *
l:30r Martinez and Way Stations 7:48*
S:OOr Ltvertnore, MendoU, Uanford and
Visalia 4i1»7
....... Uvenaorc, San Jote, Niles and Way
Stations JIOil»\
4:ttor Martini-/., San lUincn, Vullojo.
Nana. Cullßtoga, Xl Yerono and
Suutaliosa •IIBA
«i»«f Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
*. Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
v »llle ami Bacri\iiieiito I«*4»*
4* tor Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ils*
4:3 Up Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Bercnda,
Fresno, MojaTO (for Kandsburg),
Santa liar bara and l-cm AucoU-s,. 7«*aA
4iSop Hantu Fu Itcnte, Atlautio I'JxiireßS _
for Mojnvu and ICast 6:43 V
TO:3or " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louie, Chicago and East 910:13 a
5T5:80f " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and Eaot |IO:ISa
6:00p Kuropcan Mail, Ogden and Kast.... e:43A
6:ooi> Hay wards, Nile* and Han J055...... ■ 7:45 a
t»:«top Valiejo -t7»4BF
StOOr Oregon Kxiirera, .Sacramento, Marys-
vlfie, Redding, Portland, l'uget
Si.iiii.laml Kant. S»lSa.
NAN I,EA>I»UU AM) HAVWAUIXi LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"7*670011 f 7ilBA
8:OOa llelrose, Seminary Park, ■ *!* 5 A
iS'SSa Fiteh«»ttr I r,El«h»r.t, \¥%Z
it 1:OOa £*■ Leandro, South Bml I? I *?'
tl*:»OH UMdro.EitßdUlo, {Hill
isVoop Lortaio, Cherxza ■ i *t : ls'
4.00P ~^. • i ** : 3F
B:OOp ' ' tn " 6tl3p
?;i!Sp "*'«"*" S2S;
S:OO? | Unng through to NlleK mtr.tSil
tti^ P^ FromNUea USSg
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «»nge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Nrnark,CeNtrrrill L -,H»ii.)oBe. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and Way
Stations '•«•••
•Stlßp Newark, Centerville, San .lose, New
Alinadcn, Felton, llonlder Oreek, C
Banta Cruz and Principal Way-
Stations ■MS*
4:15r Newark. Han Joss and Los Gatos ... 9:80 a
tll>49p Hunters' Excursion, Sao Jose and
Way Stations t7t*oF
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr»m SiN F&ISCISCO— Foot of M»rk«t Street (Slip J)—
•7:15 0:00 ll:00*.M. }l:00 •2:fli 13:09
•4:00 t6:00 *6:00f.M.
Foot «rßroid way.— "6.-00 8.-00 10:00
JI2:CO *l:00 t2:00 «3:00 tl;QO *S:OQf.IU
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uange).
(Third and Towneend Sta.) (
•tSSA Han Joss ami Way Statious (New
Almadeu Weduesdays only) •*»*
•:OOa Ban Joso, Tres Vinos, Kunta Cruz,
Pad lie Grove. Paso Uobles, Sau
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations -I 81?*I 81 ?*
1O:1O\ Sau Jose and Way Stations «StOOA
Sl:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations S:S3*
•3:30p San Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilroy.
Hulllster. Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pnclllc <irove "10:40*
•3:1 5p San Jose and Principal Way Stations # 9:«IOa.
•■l:lsr San Joso ami Principal Way Stations 9:40 \
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations l:ilOr
5:30 r Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations B:3Op
«: 30 p San Joeeaud Way Stations 7:20p
<11;43p San Joaean.l Way Stations <;gQp
.' A for Morning. . I' for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only,
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday night* only.
" 5 Mondays and Thursdays.
_ I Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
SAN FfiANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 11:15,
1:80, 6:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:M. *;«.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. na.S
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:49. 1:40.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San "Francisco and Scboetseo Park
came schedule as %.bove.
Leave i_ „(*<*•' Arrive
San Francisco. Oct 21.* Pan Frandaaq
Week I Sun- nPßtlSuion f an- ! Weoi
Day* ! days. DeßUnauon daya._j_aaya_
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:80 p.m. ! 9:30a.m. Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. j 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. !& :00p.m. I Santa Boaa. I 7:35 p.m. i 6 :22 p.m.
7 :Sop.ui. ' Fulton, _•■
Windsor, 1035 a.m. JJ
7 30a.m. Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyßerville,
8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:85 p.m. 9 :22 p.m.
T~ iHopland and I
7 :80 a.m. 11 8 -00a.m. I Uklah. | 7:35 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
7 :30a.m '■ I ~~ T ~ 110:26 a.m.
8:00 a.m. Guerne villa 7 :85 p.m. |
9:80 p.m. I I 6:33 p.m.
7 :Boa.iru 8:00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 6:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. »:10p.m.l 6:22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. 1 8 :00a.m. | gebastcDOL |10:*0a.m.|10:25a.m.
3 :30p.m. 1 5 :00p.m. 1 M ° MtcpOL 1 7 :35 p.m. 1 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprines; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hoplaad for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah tor
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, HullvlU*. Boonvllle.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort
EragK Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all potata
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronlcla
"Al'wf FOSTER. H. X. RTAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
|fi===ii| CALIFORNIA
rpfppipj LIMITED.
iSSffllfl I! SAN FRANCISCO
Fg^g**^jj CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out ; extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Uoom Sleepers,
S'4 days to Chicago, 4-£ days to . New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast -time. -Direct connection in Chicago and . -
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
.Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. , San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520.. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. . Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 . West
.Santa Clara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
- - ■ --. (Via Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
tier 13, 1897: - ■•■■ / !■'.<"-- ■ ■-■ ..■
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m. ' ■
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $L
THOU. COOK SON. Ajents. Ol Btarktl
street, Ban Francisco. •' ?
1112
RIDERS UNDER
SUSPENSION
Eddie Jones and Spencer
Ordered Before the
Stewards.
They Will Have to Explain
Away Strong Evidence
of Fraud.
*Th« Bookmakers Had a Hard Day
of It— Four Well-Played
Outsiders Won.
There is apt to be another big upheaval I
In turf circles the way the wind is blow- j
Ing at present. At the conclusion of the j
racing at Oakland yesterday, Presiding j
Judge. Joe Murphy announced the sus
pension of Jockeys Eddie Jones and Spen
cer and ex-owner Ollie Johnson. A num
ber of races were enumerated in which
the riding of these two jockeys was re- !
garded with suspicion, and from all ac- j
counts the officials of the track across the
bay are evidently in possession of some
inside information that will make it go |
hard with these riders. Judge Murphy
declined to say how Johnson was con- |
r.ected in the affair. The matter will
come before the stewards of the Califor- j
nla Jockey Club on either Wednesday or j
Thursday evening.
The racing yesterday was replete with
"done brown" horses in the betting that
were sent over the plate and the books j
■were peppered hard. Napamax and Ye- '<
men were the only winning choices. The ■
former could not help scoring, as the wind j
and tide were both in her favor. In the j
final race of the afternoon, Mr. Ferguson ;
was possessed of patience enough to j
thread a darning needle with a piece of
four-inch hawser, for he kept the field at
the post over forty minutes before \*em,en
could be sent away to a flying start.
Twenty selling platers started in the i
opening event, a seven furlong affair, j
The large number of entries pre
cluded any great amount of betting.
Eakins with "Skeets" Murphy up closed j
favorite in the betting. The Gideon cast
off showed speed for a short piece and i
then tossed it up. Conley got Mistral II j
in front down the backstreteh, and at the j
end won handily from Justine, a 20 to 1 !
chance. Old Figaro took the show, finish- ,
Ing on three legs.
The downfall of Vinctor in the mile was :
one of the surprises of the afternoon, j
The Brutus horse closed a 9 to 20 favorite j
in the betting, but was headed from the i
start by Odds On with Clawson in the !
Baddle, and at the wire beaten a scant j
length by the Burns & Waterhouse entry, i
.Lost Girl finished in the show.
Gold Scratch was favorite for the two
year-old scramble at three and a half fur
longs, but the wise division went to ;
Ezell's entry, Leo Vertnar, forcing his ;
odds from 8 to 1 down to 11 to 5. While
Thorpe on the favorite was attending to
"Skeets" Martin astride Zaceatoso
through the stretch. Gray took adv;m- :
tage of the opportunity offered and land
ed Vertner winner by a head. Gold :
Scratch) was second, half a length before
Zaceatoso.
The mile and a furlong handicap was a
farce. Napamax picked up her 103 pounds i
and won laughing from Dr. Bernays.
Flashlight finished in the show. The ring ;
laid the absurdly long price of 3 to 5 about
the winner.
Linstock finally fell heir to a purse.
"Willie Applegate's gelding was a 3-to-5
chance for the seven-furlong run, fifth on
the card, and never left the issue in
doubt. Leading from start to finish, he
led Rosormonde over the line five lengths.
Soscal secured show honors.
Robair opened favorite for the final six
furlong pprint, but was never prominent
after receding in the betting from 5 to 2
to 6 to 1. Yemen took the lead from Chap
pie when a quarter had been traversed,
and, driving hard, got the verdict over
the latter by a head. Amelia Fonso was
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-116th day of th©
Winter Meeting, Tuesday, March 15.1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
*7 AC\ FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
... ICiStraJ 11, 4 108 1 4
258 Justine. 4 103| 2
... Figaro, a Ill j 3
... Merry Boy. 4 ioo|li
721 Jack Atkins. 5....10S 8
337 Capt. Reos. a 108 5
688 Jay Wheeler, 4 105 18
136 Zamloch. a 110 8
614 Carter D. 4 108 10
722 Rebekah, i 109 12
447 El Venado, 4 108 16
COO Eakins. 4 105116
. ■ Hivia, 6 l"o 5
... Claudius, a 113fl
... Ida H, 5 106113
656 Santa Clara, 4 105 9
721 Eureka, a 11119
664 Ml. Air, 6 10$ 20
6*>3 Roy ("arruthers, 4..109 14
512 Rafaela. 4 108117
2 2
6 2
3 1
10 1
7 h
5 h
9 h
4 3
16 1
12 1
8 h
1 2
17
15 2
14 Vi
11 1
19
20
13 1
18
...
...
...
1 2
5 2
4 4
7 2
8 «4
6 \k
■■< 4
3 V»
10 1
11 2
12
2 2
13 ■
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
1 3 jConley
2 1 Enoß i
3 h iSpencer |
4 3 G. Wilson ...
5 Vz j Powell
6 1 Romero
T I Kelly
8 I Macklln j
9 l McElhanon ..
10 3 W. Taylor ..
11 Vi iVan Kuren ..
12 2 H. Martin ...
13 McDonald
14 Paget
15 ; Woods
16 H. Brown ....
17 IR. Narvaez ..
IS McNichols ...
19 Reidy
20 (Clawßon
5
15
4
12
15
40
40
15
30
20
6
b— 2
20
15
12
20
20
15
8
6
4
12
7
15
50
40
mo
is
20
100
15
6 2
40
15
60
15
50
50
15
8
Time, 1:31. Winner. Earnshaw Bros." eh. h. by Florentine-imp. Close the Door,
start. Won easily.
Good
41.
SECOND RACE — One mile; three- year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
725 Oddson, 3 92 i 2
731 Vinctor, 6 11l 1
752 Lost Girl, 4 101 3
713 Los Prietos, 3 91 6
528 Donation. 5 107! 4
72S Bonnie lone, 3 87j 8
716 Dr. Mizner, 3 84 1 5
727 Irritator, 8 89! 7
599 Pescador, a 110! *
1 3
4 IVi
2 h
8
7 1
6 3
6 2
3 h
1 2
2 1
4 1
7 IVi
8
3 Vi
6 h
6 2
1 2
2 4
3 2
6 2
4 1
7 2
8
1 2
2 3
3 6
4 1
6 2
5 10
72
S
1 1
2 4
3 G
4 8
5 3
6 3
7 4
8
I Clawson
3 18-5
1-2 9-20
8 20
6 8
30 80
30 60
30 100
100 200
100 200
IConley
IE. Jones
|Holmes
Van Kuren ..
O'Connor ....
Woods
| Beaton
Burck
•Left.
Time, I:42VA- Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's eh. c. by Torso-Trellis. Good start. Won
first three driving.
WJ^n THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs;
724 Leo Vertner 98 5
730 Gold Srratch 106 > 1
724 Zaccatoso 101J 2
663 Ocorona 101 1 9
724 Master Buck 1011 8
CIO Anchored 101 10
711 I'hler 104 7
724 Loyalie 98 11
... St. Francis 109; 3
724 La I'arasseuse 98 J 6
... Rio Chtco 106 1 4
13 h
1 Vi
72?7 2 ?
7 1
5 %,
8 1
10 1
11
6 1
4 2.
' 9Vi
3 h
1 2
2 h
4 '<> .
6 2
6 2
7 1
8 3
9 2
10 4
11
ih !
2 % I
3 Vi
4 3
5 h
6 6
7 h ]
8 h
9 Vi
10 10 )
11
■jray
Thorpe
IH. Martin ..
McGinn
Spencer
McDonald
Wilson
McNichols ...
Van Kuren ..
Clawson
H. Brown •. ..
4 11-5
3-2 9-5
4 6
20 20
8 S
10 15
30 JOO
60 100
30 60
10 20
9-2 15
Time, :43Vj. Winner, L. H. Ezell's b. g. by Leonatus-Rosa Vertner. Good start. Won
first three driving.
W A*> FOI'RTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; Free Handicap; three-year-olds and
€ T"O» upward; purse", $500.
inui'x. jiuibcb. «tci(ii'
(671) Napamax, 3 ',
701 Dr. Bernays, 3
731 Flashlight, 6
810 Donator, 3
3
2
4
4
1 1
2 1
3 Vi
4
1
3
2
3 IVi
1 h
4
2 Vi
1 3
2 h
4
3 2%
1 4
2 1
3 2
4
1 3
23
3 8
4
1-2
5
4
30
3-5
4
3
100
Ille ...
or
Time. 1:56%. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. f. by Imp. Maxlm-Napa. Good start.
■Won Kiiiloj inK.
*7AA FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three- year-olds; purse, $400.
713 Linstock H
728 Rosormonde 1'
712 Snscol 1(
727 Duke of York II i
710 Towanda 1<
(716) Ballister l:
580 Socialist II
325 Morana ](
' 1
i 4
■ 6
I 3
i 8
! 2
[I
' 5
•i 7
1 1
2 h
$31
7 l 5
3 h
6%
8
5 Vi
1 2
4 h
2 h
6 n
• 6 6
3 h
8
7 3
1 1
2 3
3 h
5 10
4 1
6 6
7 S
8
1 3
2 3
3 1
5 10
4 4
6 4
7 6
8
1 5
2 2
8 3
4 h
r. 15
6 3
7 1
8
ji omey
H. Martin....
Spencer
Thorpe
Clawson
Hriinf-sßy ....
3-5 3-5
4 6
8 12
4 11-2
15 60
6 20
15 80
100 100
Brown
Ruiz
Time. 1:79.
Won easily.
Winner, W. B. Applegate's b. g. by Logic-Blue Stockings.
Fair start.
w^C SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
733 Yemen, a 102j
725 Chappie, 4 99'
(720) Amelia Fonao, 5 103|
733 Mleb Robs, 5 103
733 Pelxotto. 5 1081
709 Major Cook, « 102)
(729) Robair, 4 106
733 Sea Spray, 6 1021
723 Schnltz. 6 100 l
655 Distinction, 4 971
703 Koenigen, 4 97
729 Santa Paula, 4 M
733 San Mateo, 4 108
... Lou Lou R, 4 97
733 Yemen, a 102)3 2h lh lh
725 Chappie, 4 99! 8 ... ... 11 2 4 2 1
[720) Amelia Fonao, 5... .103' 9 ... ... SI 8 2 3 3
733 Miss Robs, 5 103 12 8 1 7 1 4 4
733 Pelxotto. 5 108 1 10 5 V 4 4 1 5 4
709 Major Cook, « 102111 4 Vi 8 1 6 1
(729) Robair, 4 10514 10 2 6 Vi 7%
733 Sea Spray. 6 102 7 12 1 9 8 3
723 Schnltz. 6 105' 6 6 2 5 Vi 9 10
655 Distinction, 4 S7I 1 11 Vi 10 1 10
703 Koenigen. 4 9718 ... ... 9 Vi 11 2 11
729 Santa Paula, 4 99 14 ... ... 13 12 12
733 San Mateo, 4 108 5 ... ... 14 13 13
... Lou Lou R, 4 97 2 7 1 14 14
3 .
s
8
9
12
10
11
4
li
6
1 1
13
14
5
2
2 h
1 1
8 1
8 1
m
10 2
12 1
6 2
11 M
9 Vi
13
14
7 1
1 h
2 4
8 2
7 1
4 1
8 1
6 Vi
9
5 H
10 1
11 2
12
13
14
1 h
2 1
.33
4 4
r. 4
6 1
7 %
5 3
9 10
10
11
12
13
14
i H. Martin..
Gray
Spencer
McNiehols .
McDonald .
Joe Weber..
i Conley
R. Narvaez.
) Stevens
O'Connor ..
J. Woods...
Ruiz
Hennessy ..
_ clawson „.
jH. Martin....
Gray
ISpencer
jMcNichols ...
McDonald ...
[Joe Weber....
Conley
R. Narvaez. . .
... 4 2
8 10
7 8
... 12 20
... 3 5
... 20 , 20
... 5-2 8
:... .20 40
... . 30 60
... 15 30
... 15 30
... 15 40
... 8 : 6
... 15 12
Stevens . '..'.
O'Connor'
J. W00d5.....
Ruiz ......
iHennessy
IClawson
Time. 1:15. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's eh. g. by Alarm-Hlra.
tbree driving.
Good start.
Won first
third, but a neck further away. The |
winner was backed from 5 down to 2 to 1.
TRACK. NOTES.
Jockey Mike Hennesesy had a narrow escape
In ,the last race. He had the mount on San
Mfteo, and while running well up near the
fnnt of the big bunch the sprinter was either
bumped by one of the other contenders or else
stumbled, falling to his knees. The horse was
played for a "killing" and a big wad of coin
was burnt up. He fell back, finishing next to
last.
Owner Charles Boots was unable to figure
out the defeat of his favorite horse, Vinctor.
When a horse is shelved for a long period and
then the first rattle out is given as severe a
grueling as the Urutus horse got when Conley
rode him In last Saturday's stake race, the
animal is not apt to repeat well the next
time out. At that Conley gave him a grotesque
sort of ride In the race yesterday.
Owner Sam Hildreth was ordered to appear
before the stewards and explain the sudden
improvement shown by Yemen. On Saturday
last the old sprinter ran a very shabby race.
It was his first appearance this season though
and some allowance must be made for that
fact. __
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First Race-Six furlongs; Belling; three-year
65I*RoyaI Prize .... 99! 734 Charles I* Bel. 104
734 Magnus 104 73S Chihuahua M 9
727 PTOtnpto 107 633 Al Koran 10.
717 Abina 102 (sSo)Midlan 07
744 Towanda 107 620 Estro Hg
73U Huraoan ...97 344 Outlay 10.
£27 TenrTca ...".".Wl 717 Master Marlner.lo4
Second Race— One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
706 Coda 103 699 Treachery 103
659 Palomaclta 103 715 Widow Jones ..103
740 Rafaela 103 725 Hermanlta 1W
Third Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling.
724 Raclvan 981 718 E. Come 112
755 Bonnlbel 98! 711 Oratbee 100
736M1d1a 98 711 Dunpralse 109
724 my 104 730 Buena \ entnra..loa
Fourth Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
700 Dr. Marks 1141 734 Highland 8a11. .110
t72Mßecreatlon 105| 701 Lord Marmlon..ll7
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
732 Don Clarencio.. 99 j "32 Rey del Tlerra.. 99
726 Argentina 107| 704 Sardou 102
(725)Hohen*oHern ..108 729 Mamie G 93
786 l'arthemax 105 736 Outgo : 95
789 Mamie Scott ... 'J3 (662>Velox 96
726 Alvarado II I<i3 739 Twinkle Twlnk. 91
:•:'.* Pleasanton 91 ... Ranardine 100
735 Paul Pry 98
Sixth Race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
700 Dr. Marks 91 (721)McIJght 113
72'» Gotobed 94 739 Meadow Lark... 105
738 Free Lady S2 729 Ricardo 105
741 Lost Girl 103 <693)OFleeta 105
733 Sly 105 707 St. Distaff 102
738 Refugee 108 736 William 08....10S
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
Flrrt Race— Midian, Chihuahua, Baracan.
Second Race— Palomacita, Coda, Treachery.
Third Race— E. Come, Oraibee, Buena Ven
tura.
Fourth Race — Recreation, Lord Marmlon,
Highland Ball.
Fifth Race— Rey del Tierra, Parthemax,
Mamie Scott.
Sixth Race— McLlght. O'Fleeta, Sly.
One Dose Will Stop a Cough.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure never fails;
try it. Price 25c; for sale by all druggists*
■ m ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John and Nancy Fritz to James L. Flood,
lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 171:6 E of
Gough street. E 34, N 127:10^, W 6, N 0:2%.
\V 31, S 0:5, E 3, S 127:8*4. quitclaim deed; $10.
Elkan and Rebecca Eisenberg to Tillle Dit
tenhoefer, lot en N line of Suiter street, 190
E of Gough, E 30 by N 120; $10.
Henry S. Flood to Agnes Flood, lot on S line
of Broadway 130 W of Lacuna, XV 41:10*4, S
137:6, E 34:4%, N 37:6, E 7:6, N 100; gift. . i
Thomas J. Crawford to Hanora Crawford,
lot on N line of Geary street, 87:6 W of Scott,
W 25 by N 137:6; also lot on N line of Putter
street, 84 :« Wof Baker, W2Bby N 87:6; also
lot on S line of Post street, 200 W of Devisa
dero, W 25 by & 125: gift.
Otis C. Bryan to Peter Conaty. lot on S line
of Haight street, 130 \V of Broderick, W 25 by
S 120; $10.
Louis G. and Flora A. Schord to Richard A.
Whelan, lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue.
150 W of Baker street, W 25 by N 137:6: $10.
Eliza K. Comerford to George F. Kanaon.
lot on W line of Dolores street, 55 N of Dun
can. W to SE line of roadbed of Southern Pa
cific Railroad, NE to Dolores street, S 95.
$600.
Thomas and Kate E. Lundy to Waiter H.
Scholl. lot on E line of Vicksburg street, 10t>
S of Twenty-second, S 25 by E 150; $10.
James S. McCue to Giuseppe Figone and
Pietro Demattei, lot on N line of Pine street,
114 E of Dnpont, E 20 by N 59; $10.
Jeremiah Flanagan to James E. Britt. un
divided one-half lot on SE line of Bryant
street, 175 NE of Eighth, NE 25 by SE 63;
$10.
Same to same, all same, quitclaim deed; $50.
THE SA:N FRAXGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898.
James E. and Mary Brltt to C. 8. Healey,
Sa Estat s e°or Catherine Flanagan, by J. J. Mc-
Cue and James E. Britt, administrators, to
"$&*£??£"&» Schlesinger to same, lot
on B cor of Bryant and Decatur streets, NE
Louise 2 P.'" Bettencourt, A. M. Brisset, John
Doe True and Richard Roe -True., byname.
G. Jeffress, commissioner, to A. B. " vn J> lo t l
on E line of Thirteenth avenue. 1.5 S X street.
S 25 by E 120, 56,209; $163.
Alameda County.
Clarence A. Steevens to Edith R. Felnberg,
lots 20 and 21, block J, Bryant Tract Berke
ley also lots 3 and 4, block A, Edith Tract,
Berkeley also property In Stanislaus County;
also all interest in the estate of Jane Steevens
(deceased); gift.
Miller Anderson to John C. Azevedo. lot on
W line of Whittier street. 151:6 NE of Four
teenth N 27 :ti by W 146. being lot 12, block A,
Fruitvale Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Clara and Levi M. Sehofleld to Anna K.
Schorman, lot on SE line of Redwood avenue,
105.37 NE of Tobler street. NE 30 by SE 125,
being a portion of Fruitvale Park Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Moses and Sarah R. Samuel to Jeanette E.
Merritt, lots 1 to 6, block A, Sanford Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Central Land Company to Arthur E. Beck
ett, lot on S line of Logan or Thirty-sixth
street. 116 W of Grove, W r.O by S 120 ;3, block
C, property of Central Land Company, Oak
land; $10.
Julietta M. Atherton to Samuel T. Alexander,
lot on W line of Filbert street, 175 N of Six
teenth, N ICO by W 12, r i, block 59G, Oakland; $10.
Evelina E. Browne and Eliza Tesmore to H.
A. Powell, lot on NW corner of Webster and
Tenth streets, N 50 by W 100, block 142, Oak
land; $10.
J. E. and Emma J. Prewett to Peter Sabatte,
lot on N line of Nolan street. 466 E of West,
E 68 by N 100. block E, property of Central
Land Company, Oakland; $10.
Benjamin Allison to Sarah C. Allison, lot on
NW line of Twelfth avenue, Sl:3 SW of East
Sixteenth street, SW 31:3 by NW 100. block 67.
Clinton, quitclaim deed. East Oakland; $1.
Robert Kuhn to Carrie F. Arnest, lot on NE
corner of Brooklyn and Bay streets, E 223 : i. N
171:3, W 116:6, S to beginning, being lots 6«and
7. subdivision of plat 12. Watson Tract, East
ville Tract, Oakland; $250.
Antone S. and Maria S. Tercelra to Mary
Susa (wife of Manuel), lot on S line of Boen
mer street, 332.97 E of Twenty-third avenue E
28 by S 100. b<Mng lot 15, block 24, North Ala
meda Tract. East Oakland; $10.
Mary Grafmlller to John and Mary Mc-
Crlndle, lot on S line of Bonton avenue. 50 V,
of Twelfth street. W 50. S 134:5. E 50, N 134.45
to beginning, being lot 2. block D, Kllnkner
ville Tract, Oakland: $250.
Jacob and Marie Pantofkey and Samuel L.lV
lngston to A. Keller, lot on W line of Grove
street. 78 N of Seventh. N 25 by W 7a, block
72. Oakland: $10.
Isaac and Sarah Bernstein to John A. Hrlt
ton, lnfcon E line of Grove street, 50 S of Sixth,
S 50 by E 75, being lots 5 and 6, block 61, Oak-
Charles and Margaret A. Caldwell to John
Quaid. lot on NW line of Third street. 96 E
of Filbert. E 29 by N M, being lot 6 and E 4
feet of lot 7, block 4SI, Adeline and Market
Street Homestead. Oakland; $10.
A. W. and Fllen A. Jackson to R. A. Wilson,
lot on SW corner of Hawthorne avenue and
Webster street, S 90 by W 150, being portion
of Buena Vista Homestead; Quitclaim deed,
Oakland; $5. „ ,
Phillip Strauter to Eugene Belrose, all Inter
est in lot on E corner of Mountain View ave
r.ue and Sunnyside street. NE 27c by SE 107.16,
being lot 5, resubdivided block 34, Warner
Tract. Brooykyn Township; Jls.
Alameda Savings Bank to Frederick C. A.
Abendroth, lot on N line of Butna Vista ave
nue, 130 E of Willow street, E 60 by N 147:6,
being Sot 7 and W H of lot 6. block 17, lands
adjacent to Encirial. Alameda; $10.
Charles and liertha M. luff to George W.
Hume lot on S line of Pacific avenue, 350 W
of Willow street. W 60 by S 1.'0:2, being lot
17 block 10, same. Alameda; $100.
L M. and Mary A. Habcock to Nanhan 8.
Douglas lot on W line of Davenport street,
:>3 N of Favor, N 107.24. W 170.40. S 147.24. E
50 S 60, E 120. W to beginning, being lots 23
to 27, Bortre^ Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
'' H E Briggs. M,inn !Mrs A Geiater, Pan Jos
T H Green, San Rafael Miss M Gelster, San Js
A D Wilbur. Stockton W I: Tredway, Nev
W P Lyon, Fresno C J.*es. Colusa
H A Call. New York W C Whitney &w. Cal
H Genars Cincinnati Miss Shaw, Salinas
s N Howard ft w, Mo H H Harris * w, 111
C Murton. Portland , B F Harris & W, 111
G W Gordon, Idaho T N ''as--. Gtlroy
T Smith. Los Ang 1 1 N Tanell, Baker City
3 Jardlne, w & d. Cal .1 T Boyne, M.irysville
' W N Strong, w & c, lajJ R Poundstone, Cal
: E B Barnes, Cal J L Small. Cal
: J D Gage <SL- w, Mass |S Leall. Vallejo
' G H Wilson & w, N YiDr S P Hall, Petaluma
■ T X Thomas ft w. NY ! E G Anderson, N V
Miss C M Thomas, NT M G Beinks, El Paso
H H Forsyth & w. 111 D Morris, Los Ang:
. G Hatfi.'ld & W, ftica Mrs A Sinhorn, Los An
iJ D Turreson, Cars.in H R Danfurth & w.DO
C A. "Par* *c W, Ala Miss J Danfnrth. D C
W a Bldwell. Stockton Miss 1-: Danforth, I) C
; H Lutz & w, Vh .Miss M Danfcrtti. D C
PALACE HOTEL.
A Stieglits. N V 'Miss M B Bull. 11l
I Hf'-nn-nod. NY H Works, Kobe
' W Knal.p. Mil H J Johnpon & w.N V
■ H Eberhardt, Chgo F J Forrisaint. Wis
F M Vaughn, Denver W T Ellis Jr, Marysvl
i R T Badger, Bait Lke'G Coblens. N V
■ L L Burgess. Colo B B Kaslll, Ore
T E Raker, Moat W N HaUprarten, N V
C Cerrubl. London G F Waich & w, Host
H H Pitcher. Llvormr J B Bate! & w. Bostn
G X Lane, Detroit E C Pinney & w.ConO
C M MMdle.Lansdwne A H Harris & w. 111
H Z osborne. L Ang B F Harris & w. 111
J H Allen. Minn S T McKnlgrht&w.Mln
Mrs H Allen. Minn Miss MfKnight. Minn
3 Jardine. N J Master McKnight.Mln
Mrs Jardine. N J .Miss Christian. Minn
Miss Jardine, N J C Downing, Armona
I> Ball. Illinois C R Miller, V S N
Mrs L Bull. 11l J Williams, Alameda
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G Elecker & w, Napa IW Wright, Boston
W At. ram. Sunta Cruz B Marlon, New York
G N Wilson & w. MexlMltM Marion, N V
W G Mack & w, Colo E C Cole, Chicago
Q W Bonney, Seattle C Blake, Milpitas
iE A Evans. Chicago |J C Crooks, Hay wards
>5 Milton ft w, Cal G Haskett, Cripple Crk
R M Wood'and, Cal G Drummond. Seattle
W H White. Mendocno R Riga, Germnntown
J L Gully, Los Ang T G O'Toole, S C
R L Richie. Nevada
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F G Sotan, Los Ang M A Williams, Kansas
R E La Farer. Los An H G Thompson. Cal
E E Klllott. liio Vista D Phillips, Cal
D O'Tool, Arizona .1 Straub & w, Pasaden
G W Smith. Cal J H Browr.daye, Cal
G W Carpenter, Cal P R Wictenson, Cal
J King. Ireland A J McLaren & w. Cal
D R Blakeslee, Pa Mrs Carnahan. B C
E Barney. Kansas L Boas. New York
J E Williams. Kansas P Murtha, San Jose
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission Btreet; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
etreets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and a
A. Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _/\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- J&JX
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Secretary. /yT >
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. M
M.— First degree THIS EVENING, _4\_
March 16, at 7:30 o'clock. By. order .if J&JK
the Master. ' ~ *
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. M
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _«%_
DAY) EVENING. March 16, at iSiTJr
o'clock. Third degree. l^w »
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- -A»
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third y&J\
Degree. /*&r \
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
VERY important meeting of the Knights m ,-.
of the Red Branch, at their hall, Xj±
corner Mason and O'Farrrell" sts., w^rTA
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, ■ 'WP r
March 16, at 8 o'clock. THE PRESIDENT.
THE regular meeting of the S. F. Brick- PI
layers' Association will be held THIS |l
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, March .A pK
16. 1898, at B'nai B'rith Hall, 121 &K1
Eddy st., at 8 o'clock. A full attend- -/*jf
ance requested. Business of import- if*
ance. Fines for non-attendance. D
E. J.BRANDON. President.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the . hydraulic
process from John E. Burton, in ' the Green
Mountain mine, near Mokelumne Hill, Cala-
veras County, to deposit tailings in Chile
Gulch; from the Harville Mining Company,
in the Harvllle mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Martinez
Creek; from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish ' Ranch, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek, and
from the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
Company, in the Star of Plumas placer mine,
near Buck's Ranch, : Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings in a ravine, gives . notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59. Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., -on March 28.
1898, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— The ... regular ■ annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market at.,-, Ban
Francisco, ' Cal., on MONDAY, the 2Sth ' day
of March, 1898, at the hour of 12 m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for . the ' ensuing ' year and the
transaction : of such other business as may
come before the meeting. . 4 '
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
: 18, ISSB. at ;12 o'clock m. . ,
H ■ ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary. ,
-r.\ . .;' ■;.,''-- ~ i\ ■■■, ijmfci,i^ri,BtJliii m will vmnmtft/mVtWK Uliiii ii.m'iiiT i
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Notice 1b hereby given to the Dis-
trict Attorney of San Francisco. San Fran-
cisco County, that I, the undersigned, intend
to app"ly to the Honorable State Board of
Prison Directors for the privilege of being
paroled, at a meeting of the said board, to
be held at San Quentin, on the fourteenth
day of May. 1898. JOHN J. HAKE.
AI.VIXE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15>_ Turk st. and HIS Market, rooms
15-16.
MISS L. STANLEY, manicure and alcohol
baths. 7 Grant aye., rooms 1-2-3.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 Kearny st., room 9.
MRS. DR. NlCE— Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths, $1. 17 A Sixth St., room 1.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor Bt.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 906 Market st., room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mada;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 558«.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st., room U.
ROOMS papered, $2 50 up; whitened. $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth St., or 239 Third st.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician: alcohol. Turkish baths, unrivaled.
CHEAPEST and best iiTAmerlca— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
DIVIDEND NOTICI-S.
DIVIDEND No. 79 (M)c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1, 1898. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 26, IS9B. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 53 (forty
cents per share) of the Hutchiiißon Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday, March 21. 1898. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, March 15, 1898, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS nurse desires situation; 4 years
last place; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French second girl desires situ-
ation or as nurse or housework; $1'» to $20;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter_s£.
SWEDISH girl, good cook, wishes a situation;
homework; best reference; wagns $12 to $15.
Telephone Sutter 52. Apply to MRS. HIRD,
(.31 Larkin St.
GERMAN Employment Office. MRS. LAM-
BERT, -117 Powell St., tel. Main 5332, fur-
nishes most reliable help of ull nationalities.
FRENCH second girl, best of reference, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter Bt.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
a position to take care of an infant; is com-
petent to take entire charge from birth. Ap-
ply 152 Erie, bet. 13th and ltth, nr. Folsom^
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, first-class fitter
and designer, wishes a few more engage-
ments; price $125. Address 106 Van Ness aye.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do general
housework In an American family. 2767
Twenty-first Ft.
LADY desires r^ttlon as housekeeper, nurse
or traveling companion; city or country. Ad-
dress 131 Montgomery st., room 21.
WANTED— Colored woman wants work by day
or week; housework or washing and Ironing.
A. H.. lf.oy Mason st., downstairs.
PROTESTANT woman wishes position as cook
or will do general housework in small fam-
ily. 1153 Howard s^
POSITION wanted by woman for housework or
chamberwork; city or country; wages from
$15 to $20 per month. Box 3140. Call.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants a situation to do
upstairs work. Please call at f)s3^a Minna
St., near Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; good cutter and fitter; $1 25
per day; no objection to country. Address
box 2(136, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN lady wishes a place as
housekeeper in small family; best of refer-
ences. Address 626 Post st.
YOUNG lady wishing to Increase her customers
wants a few more engagements at $1 25 per
day. McDowell Bystem, 806 Jones at.
GIRL wishes very light housework, where
there is about 2 in family; must not be far
from Market st. Box :136, Call.
ELDERLY American v, ishes situation to do
housework; city or c-ouatry; good plain cook;
$10 per month. 1065 Market st.; no postals.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or to do plain mending. 126 Fourth St. rm. 23.
SITUATIONS wanted by experienced and thor-
oughly reliable general house servant; excel-
lent references. 1080 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS fitter, stylish draper and de-
Flgner; thorough dressmaker; $3 M) per day.
MISS WARWICK, 830 Geary st.
YOUNG Kirl wishes situation to attend store.
Address box 87. Call branch. 339 Hayea St.
GOVERNESS, American, capable of teaching
grammar or primary studies, teacher's cer-
tificate, references, wishes position. Address
Governess, box Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber \v..rk. Call 129 Taylor St., r. 2.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wants house-
work, city or country; moderate wages. Ad-
dress box 2124. Call office.
RELIABLE, capable woman would like a
home In a small family of adults as com-
panion or assistant at light housework. Ad-
dress, with particulars, box 2126, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young^girl desires situation to
do up stairs work. Please call 3200 Mission st.
SPANISH woman wishes to do' second work
or care for children; neat and willing; refer-
ence. 794>4 Harrison St., near Fourth.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as waitress In
city. Please call or address N. F., 128H
Fourth st., room 2.
COOK, first-class German and American cook-
ing; city or country; wages $25 to $30.
34S Third st.
MIKDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as
housekeei-er; Is a good seamstress; will care
for invalid; no objection to children, t Thir-
teenth st., near Harrison.
SITUATION wanted by widow as house-
keeper. 2524 Mission st.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engage-
ments; $1 50 per day; suits made in two
days; good fitter. Address 36 Lexington ave^
RESPECTABLE woman for cooking or house-
work; city or short distance in country: good
references. Please call or address 20 Clipper
St.. between Church and Dolores, 26th _ 26th.
SWEDISH girl wants a position in an Amer-
ican family to do light housework. Address
letters to E. E., 504 Third St.: no postals.
WOMAN wants situation to do general house-
work; good plain cook; kind to children:
good references. 26 Minna St., bet. First
and Second.
SITUATION wanted by a young married wo-
man with a child 8 months old; a place in a
private family; wages not so much an object
as a home. Call or address MRS. M. JOHN-
SON, Newport Hotei, room S. corner Frankr
tin rind Oak sts.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
8198 Howard st., room 3.
PRACTICAL and thoroughly first-class ladles'
tailor from Paris, London and New York,
with some good experience in cutting and
fitting, wants a situation in a first-class
house. Box ICOO, Call office^
WANTED— By trustworthy woman, a situa-
tion as chambermaid; city or country. 110
Sixth st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. 989 Howard St., cor.
Sixth, room 14.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
4 MARKEtHstT— Branch Tofflce of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions >aken.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— MALE.
EMPLOYERS of help can select their men at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 108 Geary St. If
you live in the country we can select them
for you, satisfactorily and quickly. Cut this
out for reference. Telephone Grant 180.
CHINESE~_hT Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE, Chinese Empioym't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aokl. 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
teL East 777. 805 Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day.
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
THOROUGHLY experienced orchardist. well-
posted on fruit raising, grafting and prunin,?
trees, cultivating, irrigating, able to ralsi
young fruit trees which, without protection
will stand hot weather, desires position as
working foreman on orchard or new to start
orchard; single, sober, reliable man, 45 years
old; references. Address Orchardist, box 2131,
Call office. ______
WELL - EDUCATED German, middle - aged,
short time from home, wishes position as
helper in private place; understands gar-
dening, caring of horses, etc. : seeking more
a good home Instead of high wages. Address
box 2133. Call.
YOUNG man~desires situation to drive milk
wagon. C. C, box 2147, Call of,fic«.
SITITATIOXS WANTED— Continued.
MAN and wife wish work in hotel; wife to do
general work, man as bartender or
night clerk; 10 years' experience; reference.
Address A. L., general Postoffice, Alameda.
WANTED— By experienced Danish couple; wife
an excellent cook and houseworker; man to
attend horses; city or country; best refer-
ences. Box 2135, Call office.
EDUCATED, experienced coachman desires
work in private family; strictly sober, will-
ing and obliging; best of references. Address
box 2132, Call office.
YOUNG man of 30 would like a position in
hotel as night clerk, night watchman or
houseman, having had six years in large
hotel. Box 2142, Call.
LADIES' tailor wants cutting position; 6 years'
experience in the East on fine work; good
appearance. r,,, x _!2S, Call office. _
A POSITION In butcher business by a Ger-
man-American with eight years' experience
in the provision business. Box 2143. Call.
STEADY young man, one month in the city,
can do Indoor work or round yard and care
horses. 315H Jessie St.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman, fully conversant
with English and German, wants employ-
ment either as salesman, correspondent or
general utility man; no objection to going
out of town. Address box 2119, Call Office.
EASTERN young man. age 20, wants position
of trust; grocery clerk, butcher, delivery man,
watchman or janitor; references. Box 2122,
Call Office.
YOUNG man wants situation as gardener or
to take care of horses; handy about the
_house. 709^. Buchanan st. ; best of references.
RELIABLE boy, age 16, residing with his
parents, German, wants to learn a trade or
work in store: best of references. Address
box 2103, Call office.
SOBER, industrious man, thoroughly under-
standing care horses, harness, carriages,
c.iws, towls and garden, wants situation;
references ; wages $25. Ad. M C, 763 Mission.
SITUATION as watchman; care of horses;
references. W., box 6, Call Office, Oakland.
YOUNG man wants situation; any work; un-
derstands horses, cows, garden; state the
wages. J. A. MACDONALD, 214 Third st_i
references.
YOUNG married man wants situation as
waiter; city or country. A. R. KING, 959
Folsom st.
HARNESS maker wants situation; city or
country. 963*. Howard _t.
MAN wishes position as cook in hotel or board-
lns house; country preferred. Box 2059, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, aged 20, 7 years' experience,
references, desires position with manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern; moderate salary,
with chance for advancement. X., box 25,
Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient a.nd respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from fer -y.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK in small boarding-house. $25, call early;
family cook, $25; S housegirls and family
cooks, $20 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
TWO ironers, same country hotel, $25, board
_and room. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary.
SIX waitresses for two beautiful water resorts
in Southern California, steady work; 6 wait-
resses, different country hotels, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
SIX restaurant waitresses, city, $5 and $6 a
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID, assist wait dinner, country
hotel, $20, free fare; 2 ironers, country hotel
laundry, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO. . 10S Geary.
REFINED German second girl, )SO. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl, light work, sleep home, $12.
.MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOI BEWORK girl, mining town, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH second girl. $20; second girl, 2 in
family, $20. MISS CULLEN, 32". Sutter St.
COLORED cook, country, $25; 10 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
2 GERMAN or Swedish cooks, $35; second
work, country, $23; housework. Grass Valley,
$20. MISS CULLEN, X.T. Sinter st.
LAUNDRESS, $2".; chambermaid and waiting,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 32:. Sutter st
TWC) ironers In laundry, $_; 2 second girls, $20
and $25; French chambermaid, $20: German
chambermaid and nurse. J2. r . ; 4 cooks, private
families, $25 and $30; cook, private boarding-
house, $25; cook and housework, country, }2.">.
pee lady here at 11 to-day; 5 waitresses and
chambormatds, hotels, $20; and a srreat many
girls for cooking and housework. J. F.
CROBETT & CO., 316 Sutter st
CHAMBERMAID and assist wait, first-class
hotel, city, $20; laundress, country hotel. $20:
cooks and housework girls. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
63 C Clay Bt.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted to fill vari-
ous positions. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
STRONG general houpe servant for the coun-
try. $2.': Gorman girl, 2 in family, $20; Ger-
man nurseglrl. $15; 3 German girls, $20 and
$25; German second girl. $20; 4 girls, $15.
MKS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell St.
COOK, $30, American family; German second
girl, $20: German housegirl, $_.": Irish girl,
$25; middle-aged woman, country, $20; girl,
light work. $12. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
SECOND girl. Oakland. $_;>. see party here 2
o'clock. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
SEAMSTRESS, $35; 3 cooks. $25 and $30; in-
fant's nurse. German, $25; 12 girls, light and
general housework. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin.
2FIRST-CLASS trimmers. $75 and $80; 2 young
ladies, tailoring establishment; 3 lady ticket
:iK>-ms. 111:! Bush st.
cloak and suit house salesladies: experienced
hotel stewardess; typewriters. 1020 Market.
GIRL for general housework. 3943 Army st.
GERMAN girl for general housework: plain
cooking; wages $18. 417 Central aye., bet.
Hayes and Fell sts.
EXPERIENCED makers and apprentices on
gloves and Euspenders. Apply CARSON
GLOVE CO., 35 Market st.
WANTED — Young woman or girl for general
housework for 3 or 4 weeks. 800 Greenwich Bt.
WANTED — Girl: assist light housework; good
home and wages. Call 2t>!";{ Mission st.
YOUNG woman; German; general housework:
good cook; 7 In family; wages $20. 71S Cole.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work. Apply 1008 Sacramento st.
TAILORESS on pants. 1073% Market st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses. Apply 789 Mission st.,
bet. 12 an,! 2 p. m.
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaker. 1304
Larkin st.
GERMAN girl assist light housework; two
days. _N U-tlon st., near Fillmore.
COMPETENT German girl lor general house-
work. 2627 California St.
WANTED — An experienced waist hand at 1264
O'Farrell st.
NEAT girl for light housework; wages $12
Apply 130S Ellis st.
GOOD finisher on pants and also experienced
apprentice at 373 Natoma st.
NEAT young girl to care for children; German
preferred. 1830 Eddy st.
WANTED— Pantaloon finishers. 734 Montgom-
ery, room 1.
GIRL to wait in small restaurant. Apply
1631 Market st.
CASHIER that has had experience In restau-
rant. Call between 11 and 2, 15 Stockton st.
GIRL to work three hours a day as bedmaker.
562 Mission st.
FINISHER on coats <girl). 1065 Washington
street, room 79, Oakland.
NEAT young German or Scandinavian girl
tor general housework; small family; wages
$20. 2111 Central aye., Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker who understands
skirt fitting. Address Skirt, box 2105. Call.
TAII.ORESS. ROOS BROS., 27 to 37 Kearny
street.
WANTED— A respectable girl for housework
and plain cooking; wages $10 to »12; sleep
home. Apply at French bakery, 402 Pax-ific.
YOUNG girls will be taught to make shirts.
BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 19 Battery Bt.
GOOD help, also apprentices, on high grade
ladies' suits. HENRY WERTH. Ladies'
Tailor. 1105 Leavenworth St., near California.
OPERATORS on shirts; steady work; good
pay. BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 19 Battery.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser wanted at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Lev! Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
ing. Apply MR. DAVIS. 32V4 Fremont st.
LADIES — Sunny rooms; respectable house;
from 25c night and $1 50 week. 142 Seventh st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
LEARN dressmaking and fnilllnery; positions
fre«; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 14 McAllister
j at.; monthly troubles, private diseases, etc.
MALE HELP WASTED.
HOTEIT DEPARTMENT-
6 waiters. $11 50 a week for Los Angeles, see i
proprietor here, also fry cook, $16 a week,
fares advanced; 5 waiters, American plan,
country hotel. $35 and free fare; 6 Eastern
waiters. $35; 7 waiters, small country hotels,
$25 — —
French cook, $50; broiler, $50; lunch cook,
$10 a week: dishwashers, potwashers, vege-
table men. $25 and $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 10S Geary St.
4 EXTRA waiters. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
108«Geary st^
BARKEEPER to take charge of a country
saloon. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary, j
BELL BOY with references for country hotel.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary_jt ;
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT |
3 ironers 30 and found, country: marker, :
and distributor, «>0 and found, country; pol-
Isher and starcher. $30 and found, country; ;
washer, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Gear}' st.
SAW" MILL ANl> WOODS —
Circular sawyer, $60 and found; oO wood-
choppers, $1 25 a cord; 50 tiemakers, see
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st. ■__ I
MACHINIST, city shop. $2 75 day; machinist,
country shop: 2 solicitors for city dairies;
gardener for a nursery. MT'RRAY & READY, i
Leading Empolyment Agents. 634 and 638 Clay.
COOKS WAITERS— BAKERS
Dishwashers, |GO, $40, $35, $3". $25 and $15 per
month and found. Mt'RRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
EMPLOYERS —
Telephone, telegraph, write or call in person
at Murray & Ready's and secure flrst-class
help; we supply same "free of charge."
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Tel. Main 6848.
TCT THE MINES AND FARMS —
5 miners for a gravel mine, $2 50 day; 26 farm,
orchard and vineyard hands, different places.
$T. $20 and $15 and found: !) milkers. $25, $20
and $1S; 2 butter makers. $25: 3 choreboys and
men for ranches; man to herd sheep; 4 labor-
ers to dig ditches: farmer and wife, south: 8
laborers to work in hop yards and fields, $26.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
INTO MARIN COUNTY ■ ;
10 laborers $1 60 day; exceptional good Job.
MURRVT & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS AND WOODS -
5 head choppers, $45 and found; 5 second
choppers. $40 and found; 10 bark Peelers, $30
and found: 165 woodchoppers for different
places, $1 25. $1. 70c cord; 259 tie makers Be,
9c 10c each. MT'RRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Kitchen crew, private hotel, $146:
night cook, country. $30; American cook for
sanitarium. $35: German waiter $2.t. Ameri-
can cook, small, neat place, no Sunday work.
$8 week, and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St.
WANTED— American butter maker, $30 to $35;
3 rough carpenters. $2 day. call early: farm
foreman for fruit ranch, $35; laundrynmn
and wife. $60; second J&undryman. t~>:
carriage painter, $2 day; blacksmith helper,
$40; farmer and wife. $50; woodsmen, $30, $30,
$40 and $45: ship carpenters; boatbuilders; la-
borers $1 75, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— American restaurant cook. $65;
third cook. $55; family cook. $30: two waiters.
$35- French boy for bakery. $15: gardener,
$25; etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton St.
MECHANICS wanted — Shipwrights, ship
smiths, chippers and calkers, shipfltters.
shipfltters' helners. holders on riveters, tin-
nefs. coppersmiths, boat builders and spar-
rnakers. Apply at once at 1". S. Navy Yard,
Mnre Island, Cal., with -^roof of American
citizenship.
GERMAN barkeeper, $13; practical gold and
silver electro plater, $3. 313 Bush st^
YOUNG man, general merchandise store: office
manager; hardware specialty salesman. 313
Bush st.
GROCERY clerk; Mexican saddle stamper; do-
mestic goods salesman and drygoods. 313
Bush St.
Al LADIES" tailor and operator. DAVIDSON
6 MILLER, 731 Market st.
WANTED — A first-class carpet and upholstery
salesman to take charge of a department.
Apply 523 Market Bt., room 7, from 2 to 3
p. m.
MEN wanted to go whaling: no experience re-
quired. Apply to L. LEVY. XE. corner Bat-
tery and Jackson.
BOY about 17 years to learn trade. Call be-
tween 7 and 8 o'clock, Carson Glove Co., 35
Market St.
WANTED — An active, bright young man who
has had some experience in plumbing or me-
chanical business. Box 2134 Call Office.
WANTED— An Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 523 Market St., room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— Good tinsmith. Apply at 49 Sac-
ramento st.
STRONG boy for bakery; one with experience.
727 Larkin st.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day on percentage. 701 Larkin st.
BARBER wanted steady. 148 Fifth st.
WANTED— Cook. 1012 Battery St.
WANTED — A young man to wait on table In
restaurant. 113 Turk st.
GOOD canvasser wanted— 9 Geary st.. room 2.
BARBERP— Great bargain: 2-chair shop, 3tubs;
near car house; old place; cigars and laundry
pay rent alone: no reasonable offer refused;
owner leaves the State. Apply at Call office.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; 2
nights -Zl or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
BARBER shop; established 10 years; great
bargain: owner leaving for Europe. Apply
581 Geary st.
B-VRBERS — Good shop In country at a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— Harness-makers, stenographers and
laundress. Apply at once Free Employment
Office, 1028 Market st., room 24.
ENTRY clerk for wholesale clothing house:
state age, experience, references. Write box
2107, Call office.
SIX young men; long job; no experience nec-
essary: no money required. 26 Steuart St.
WANTED— A good, steady barber. 797 Mission
street.
WANTED — French polisher. Address, with
references, C. R., box 2114, Call Office.
WANTED— First-class ladies' tailor: no others
need apply. VERDIER, 544 Geary St.
MAN able to speak German or French in wine-
house as barkeeper; also must know how to
sell goods Indoors; only one of good charac-
ter need apply. Box 1495, Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 '.third it.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission
st.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 end 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting of flee, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS machinist— Highest wages to a
first-class workman. H. GHANG, machine
works, 105 Fremont st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employmt Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD, Secy.. 102 7th; tel. South C2B.
MEN to leai.i barber trade in eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College, 138H Eighth St.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
! SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
! MARKET, 863% (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 25c
to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25e a night; $1 a week.
LARKIN. 615— Branch office ot The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken. ]
AGENTS WANTED.
SOLICITORS for "TlTe~Beautlful~L!fe~o7~Mlss
Frances E. Willard"; published under the
aunplces and indorsed by the W. C. T. U. ;
the only official book; prepared by Anna Gor-
don, for 21 years Miss Willard's secretary;
beautifully illustrated; only $2; tremendous
demand; bonanza for agents; superb book;
liberal commissions; complete outfit 50c.
JOHN E. lIOHAM & CO., authorized dis-
tributors, 334 Dearborn St., Chicago. 111.
WANTED— Agents to sell Murat Hafstead' b
great Cuba book; all about Cuba, Spain and
war: great excitement; every one buys if 1
agent sold S7 in 1 day; another made $13 In
1 hour; 800 pages: magnificent Illustrations,
photographs, etc.; low price; we guarantee
the most liberal terms; freight paid; 20 days'
credit; outfit free; send 6 2-cent stamps to pay
posture. THE BIBLE HOUSE, 324 Dearborn
St., Chicago.
F*l'Rßi lT «»" JZZI _
SGiSE^pT^j^Tfi^
- Blon st.: tel. Mint IS2I. ■ ;
3^S«__iiS_ii^__l
FTRNfsHEirTIOtSKS WANTEB^
____s_£_s___3i___ •
ROO-JS WASTED^ _____
hy o^ o - eT :
fireplace. A'l'in-ss >><-\ - '■'■ __
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
R^MS~and board in a P^ate family: f^ man
and wife: refs. exchanged. It;.^ J'l4. < all. _
WANTED— IDSCB«LAH BSOI S.
WANTED- An entire outfit for a small book
bindery. Box 2138, Call office. _.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical goods; new, 2nd-hand. Smith Co., i>il
Mission st. __
WANTED— A good second-hand gasoline
launch. Lock box 329, Red Bluff. Cai.
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. Chutes, city. _____
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus: second-
hand. IC9 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— gold. silver. cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. rOLEMAX. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:;
surveying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100
- graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
ArRES' Business College, 723 Market St.:
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, mln-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archtt. ; day & eve. i
est. 1564. VAN DER NAII.KX, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
MRS. FRIEDBERG, voice culture; EOc a les.
son. 914 O'Farrell st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar^
ket St.; 124 positions In '96; 103 in '97.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day, night; $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Sth.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor si
______
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles — only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, pricey, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 59
McAllister St.: pills, $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinemeutl
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 918 Post st., nr. Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
• physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled; 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st. __
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine of
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause: restore in 1 day; never fails: consulta-
tion free: can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no Instruments used: cure at of-
fice, $5: consultation free; hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and — Seguro; price
$150. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. . send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
■female troubles: no danger: safe cuff: $2 SO:
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DR. HALL, 69 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. _
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth ft.. Alameda.
DENTISTS. ™
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock: painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings. 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 60c,; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
NEW YORK Dentists — Painless extraction, EOc:
plates, $5; gold filling. 75c up; silver. 25c up:
plates mended, $1 up: open eveninss ana
Sundays. 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.' .
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market at., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
819 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30, 31 and 32, fifth floor. ■■
L A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., Etta floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st. _____
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk ft.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
YOUNG fresh Jersey cow and heifer calf. 23*
Pore st.
A NEW sealskin, latest style; price, $90, cost
$iso. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
TAILOR furniture and sewing-machine; sell it
cheap. Call at once at 1107 Kearny st.
FOR SALE— First-class Cyclone power mil] (4-
horsepower); in operation at 2237 Mission st. ; W}
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUP-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. '
FOR iale— Second-hand Brunswlck-Balke-Col-
lender billiard table, in first-class condition.
Apply 136S Geary st. ■
FIRST-CLASS large windmill; 2 large new-
tanks; brass pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
SSI Mission st. ■ •
PICTURE framing, complete, with glass 7x9
inches. 10c: SxlO and 10x12. 15c; 11x14 and 12x
16. 20c; 14x17, -■»•: 16x20, MCI IMS, 35c; 20x24,
45c; curtain poles, complete, 15c; room mold-
Ing, all colors, lc per foot; portraits enlarged,
60c; open evenings. JONES, 547 Mission st.
LAUNDRY engines, dynamos, electrical goods:
new & Id-hand. SMITH; CO.. 527 Mission st.
LATEST style hood top baby buggy, cheap;
with extra seat. Box 1444. Call office.
BARS, back . bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum. , office' furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 757.
WHISKY, Kentucky, '97; bonded warehouse.
San Francisco; 3:<c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. -■
SAFES — and second-hand; cheaper than
- ever. Hermann Safe Mate. 533 Sacramento.
. SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
. sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 per do_f
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk arid safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS." showcases, . counters, shelving etc..
bought and sold. lOCS Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES. <_^'
ALL kinds . bought, ; sold, exchanged, rented: -^^
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 14") Sixth st.: phone Mint 45.
FIRMTUIK FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 8 rooms for sale: 4 - rooms,
rented. Box 2127, Call Office. ■ BUbUCBSJ CHANCKS.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale in very
b.-st suburban town across the bay; located
.:i corner of two of the moat prominent
streets; practically without opposition in-'its
neighborhood; positively clearing $200 to $250
per month; owner there for over seven years
and offers his business at a great sacrifice on
account of departure north; no reasonable
offer refused. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
HAKERY and coffee saloon across the
bay; six rooms; furniture included; owner
owns tlie building; cheap rent. M. LESS.
76.' Market st.
$700— RESTAURANT in Inrpest manufacturing
district of this city; receipts i'u j>er day;
proof furnished and trial given If you mean
busineße; rent only 530. M. LESS. 7C5 Market.
$500— PARTNER wanted in a commission busi-
iblished over 20 years, doing a good
paying business; best of references furnished;
thorough Investigation all. wed; must be a
steady, sober man. M. LESS, WE Market st.
PARTNER wanted by a lady in pork and
delicacy store; choicest location: close to
Market St.; doing first-class paying business;
rare chance for good mar. Inquire WILKE,
7*3 Market st.
A— $l.")Oo; old-established saloon ' with 15 fur-
nished rooms; duing a ilrsi-class paying busi-
ness; choicest location; close to Ellis and
Market sts.; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE, 783
Market st.
A $500 GROCERY and provirlon store In
choicest location In Oakland; established
many years and doing good business; 4 liv-
ing-rooms; rent $13. Inquire WILKE, 7&3
Market st.
$1500 — Old-established and first-class paying Ba-
loon, with living-rooms, close to Kearny and
Sutter sts.; actual value $2000; owner i
compelled by sickness to sacrifice. WILKE, j
78S Market st. I
$1000— PARTNER wanted in old-established
restaurant; doing a rushing business day
and night; overwork compels owner to take
a good, reliable man as helper. Particulars
WILKE, 753 Market st.
$750; OLD established restaurant. 1 block j
from cor. Fourth and Market; kept by owner
years and doing a rushing, good paying busi-
ness; investigate soon. WILKE, 783 Market.
A-$400; RESTAURANT; nicest little place in
city; $15 to $25 daily. KREDO & CO., 22Vi
Geary st.
A— ssoo; FRENCH restaurant; well worth $1000; ;
value in sight; good steady business. KREDO ;
& CO., 22% Geary st. * |
A— s2so; HOME bakery; bargain at $500; noth- 1
ing like it ever offered. KREDO & CO., 22H I
Geary st. '
A- $460: SALOON, near city: clears $150.
$;00— Saloon and lunch, near theaters: snap.
$650— Saloon; best corner north of Market.
Money loaned. KREDO & CO.. tZhi Geary st.
A— s2ooo; FLORIST and nursery: best equipped, j
most popular in city. KREDO & CO., 22Vi
Geary st. i
HEALY & CO.. 917 Market St.. buy. sell or ex-
change business quick; partners procured.
$200— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen store: re-
ceipts $10 day; 3 rooms. HEALY, 917 Market.
$175— BRANCH bakery. 5 rooms; pays well;
cheap rent. HEALY & CO.. 917 Market st. s
$275— BRANCH bakery and variety store, 2
rooms; rent $15. HEALY & CO.. 917 Market.
PARTNER wanted in cash business;
clears $200 month. HEALY, 917 Market st.
CIGAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel $450
Fruit store; best in the city 600
Stationery store In Hayes Valley 500
Restaurant, best in city 300
Saloon; fine corner, down town 2000
. Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
SALOON, 6 rooms; near Call building; worth
$2000: only $S5O. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
$4iO— CORNER grocery and bar; a bargain.
$$00 — Grocery and bar; best corner In city.
$250— Very nice cigar store; good location.
S2O0 — Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON _ CO.'S, 777 Market st.
FOR — Blacksmith business: the best loca-
tion in Oakland; two fires; will sell one or
both sets of tools: good business, good prices;
rent low; satisfactory reasons for Belling;
Chance of a lifetime. WILLIAM JAMES.
1058 Franklin st., Oakland.
CARPENTER shop; good location; cheap rent;
$75 to $100 income per month; $75 worth of
stock; will »jll for $75; owner having to leave
the city. Box 2121, Call office.
FOR sale, account of sickness, flrst-class Ba-
lo.->n; open for years; price very low. FER-
RARI & CAN EPA, 407 Montgomery aye., or
2S Vallejo Bt.
HARNESS and saddlery shop for Bale in East
Oakland very cheap; good location; selling :
on account of sickness. 12th st. and 13th aye.
A FINE bakery, stationery and notion, worth
$500, to be sold for $000; must sell. 2552 Foi-
som st.
j;m>— GROCERY and bar; selling on account of
stckii??e. Mclaughlin & CO.. 30 Kearny.
A NO. 1 shoemaker stand; plenty repairing;
cheap rent. Apply 3767 Twenty-fourth st.
CORNER grocery and bar; 1 living rooms; good
place for man and wife. 117 Filimore st.
EMPLOYER desires loan of $200 on security;
will give position. R. E., box 2144. Call.
SALOON, newly fitted up, for sale cheap;
owner leaving town. 619 Merchant st.
1 N'G-ROOM and kitchen in first-class prl-
" vate hotel to let. 1106 Hyde st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; must be sold
before 6 p. m. MS Valencia st.
BAKERY doing a fine cash trade; owner retir-
ing. 3025 Sacramento St.
FOR Sale — Corner grocery and bar; good loca-
tion. 1652 Folsom ft.
BARBER shop at sacrifice on account of sick-
ness. 434 Pacific st.
15225I $225 BUYS city wagon route clearing $65
monthly or no sale; trial given. 406 Geary.
RESTAURANT Men, Attention— One of the
oldest and best paying restaurants south of
Market St.; right in center of large factories
and foundries; always full and clearing $130
per month; price $350; trial given; cause of
sale owner retiring from business. Box 2123,
Call office. : - . •
$7Ci— ON account of sickness; this nice busi-
ness, embracing milk, eggs, butter,' bread,
candy and notions is offered for sale; 2 pleas-
ant living rooms in rear of store nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping. If you want a bar-
gain call at 1145 Folsom st.
ARTNER wanted in light business suit-
ed to steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a
week: no experience required; trial given.
724^ Market st., room 17. -
GOOD bakery with outside route; good loca-
tion; parties going to country. Box 16, Call
branch office, 106 Eleventh st.
GOOD business for sale; bakery, with large,
paying route; present owner going East.
1205 Market St., Oakland.
FOR — Good-paying saloon, stock and fix-
tures; 3 living-rooms; cheap; and other busi-
ness. Call at 230 Third st. : \
FOR Restaurant" and ' chop house; best
location;, opposite the ferries. Call at 18
East st. '■:■ ■■■■■■ '■'■*■. '
HOME bakery, notions; established 4 years:
good trade; 6 rooms; rent . $15. ■ ■; 1913 Howard.
CORNER grocery and bar; 3 living rooms. Ap-
ply northeast cor. Fifth and Clara gts.
' A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE .'
• A L,*iAiM«-r, ,. the new WALDO HOT
765 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth. San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
partitions included which cost over $2000;
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on Investment of $2000 for
1597 eighty (60) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for sale
on accoount of failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
TO capitalists— Several working miners hav-
ing consolidated 250 acres free and cement
gold-bearing gravels, also large deposit South
African conglomerate and tailings, will sell
all or part; good water facilities and roads;
4 miles from railroad; 35 miles from Stockton.
Address box 143. Quartz Mountain, Tuolumne
County, Cal. '■ ■
FOR SALE— business of the late John
Gross; the oldest established candy factory
and ice cream parlors in San Joaquin Coun-
ty Address 25 North Eldorado St., Stockton,
Cat. _ __
RESTAURANT or furniture; a good French
range and good furniture; very cheap: must
sell on account of sickness; rent $7. 704
Bryant st. • ____^_____
COUNTRY blacksmith shop for sale, with all '
necessary tools and stock; situated on Boul-
din Island, San Joaquin County. For further
information inquire of H. VOORMAN, 506
Battery St., San Francisco, or at . the _ prem-
1e<?8 on Bouldin Island. '
OLD-ESTABLISHED news and stationery
Htoro and laundry office, doing good business;
I am going to Alaska; make offer. 101% Fifth.
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise
now yielding ICO per cent monthly: no stock
or Klondike scheme; safe, practical . success.
David Rloane, 110 St. Paul St.. Baltimore. Md. j
ONE-TENTH interest in advertising busi- j
ness: at conservative estimate will net $5000 j
I " year in S. F. ; inventor can handle his own [
money. Apply CAHILL, 107 Sixth st. j
%■<'■ BAKER'S and notion store. 2552 Folsom at.; |
worth $100; 4 rooms and bath; rent $12; must
sell.
A WANTED— Partner for wine cellar. 431 Bush
■ . street. . . . ; ;.
SALOON at a reasonable price;, good location.
Apply Albany very.
SHOE store; well-established custom trade.
.Apply Call branch office. 339 Hayes at. : ;
CIGAR Mr.-, wTthTrooins in rear. 151»
Market *t. ,-■„..■ ■■.;■.;■-,
FOR sale-One of the best bakerie* in the city.
Inquire at 1609 Polk st. .
JIUSINE CHANCES— Continue^
Flß^T^C_^S^i-chair~barber shop; 2 -living
rooms; 3 years' lease; building insured. Ad-
dress HENRY BERDROW. Le Grand.. Cal.
HALF interest in well-established butcher
business; centrally located; good-paying busi-
ness. Address box 4, Call office, Oakland.
SALOON— Good bargain; good stand; no agent;
northeast cor. Third and Brannan sts. W.
H. PAYNE. :
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin- sts.. rent
$20; 2 fine basements, off Market st.. suitable
for any businFss or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
$350~A paying restaurant on Market St.; steady
boarders; on k furniture; rent $30. Address
box C. 47. Call office. ,
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. Pine st.. city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
i LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for
sale as a whole or part. Apply at Call office.
P< -RTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or o.t 133 Third at.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
ALASKA ENTERPRISES^
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers. 531 Washington.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., 139 First st.
.GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
! at 510 Van Ness aye. '■
I YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1233 Fillmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts. .
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. ..KILLIP'B Sale Yard. 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO.. 416-418 Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike: three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 400. Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter.
E27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
LODGIKU HOUSES. FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO, Successful Brokers. 22V4 Geary.
80 rooms; clears $150; good transient $1200
48 rooms; finest house; best locality; new 3000
48 rooms; Geary; good invstmt; bonanza. 2000
26 rooms: Market st.; clears $75: snap 450
21 rooms; best In city; clears $85 800
16 rooms; Market »t., near Sixth; offices. 700
15 rooms; clears $40 month 275
12 rooms; Third st. ; rent $27 50 200
11 rooms; all rented; comei 1 ; worth $600.. 325
11 rooms; Ninth St.; clears $50 month.... 450
10 rooms; all new; central and sunny 325
7 rooms; O'Farrell st; clears $35 225
7 rooms; rent $25; clears $25 400
[ $1600—20 ROOMS; fine sunny corner; worth
j $2500: clears $160; low rent. KREDO & CO.
! $675—12 ROOMS: nice little boarding-house;
i clears $100 month. KREDO & CO, 22Vt Geary.
$400—7 ROOMS: lovely home: free rent and $25
profit. KREDO - CO.. ZtVg Geary St.
; $3000—48 ROOMS; best in city; new house; new
furniture. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary St.
12 ROOMS on O'Farrell; clears $50 $500
7 rooms, new; payments; on Taylor St.. 400
11-room house; sunny corner; fine 500
26 rooms; new and good 800
16-room house, clears $200 1200
19 rooms; partly furnished t>so
36 rooms, on Mission 1000
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 2S'K)
24 rooms, on Kearny: clears $200 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
MONEY TO LOAN- MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture at 2V_ per cent. — ■
Insurance at cut rates.
Special Bargains
15 rooms, Sutter St., clears $50 $450
16 rooms, elegant furniture, only 450
23 rooms, central, paying house 450
24 rooms, rent $75 (new), payments 1500
25 rooms, central (new), payments 800
■ . WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
| ■— a—a— —^ aw a^ —^a^aiawa—^— aa^a^a—
MUSICAL IXSTRUSIEXTS.
WHAT'S THAT? YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL, NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 1898, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1549 scales?
I have a piano to sell that 1 will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price is $225.
The address is 526 Hayes St.
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT. -
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
■ same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some pood pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter,
stß., San Francisco,' and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
\ FEW more bargains in second-hand plano6—
Ronisch $123
Mathusek 150
Augustus Baus & Co IM
Cameron 250
Byron Mauzy 300
BYRON MAUZY. pianos, 308-312 Post st.
i ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
we=t of Chicapo is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianoe, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
! ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell.
1 IF you want a bargain in a piano call at
Mauvais'. 769 Market st.: agency for the cele-
brated DECKER & SON pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauiy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent pian;
no interest first year. 30S. 310, 312 Post st.
' ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
; $125— FINE upright; great bargain. 16 McAllis-
j ter St.. next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
i.okn'i'Y Haines Bros, piano*; ■aeond-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
I KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
I SUPERIOR violins, zither?, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
i■ : "
i SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine, 136 Ellis.
HORSES.
I TWO fast pacers, 1 carriage horse and 1 finely
matched road team. Call at Santa Clara
Stables, 164 Golden Gate aye.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium. 220 Valencia st.
' WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
I 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, $27 Sixth St., auction eales every Wed-
nesday BTTLLTVAN *■ TWVI/E. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
WANTED— Ladies' phaeton. Address box 2116,
Call office. ■
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for rash or Installments; 1 fine top and opeD
buggy; also 1 hack. S2B Harrison st.
CARPBI CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lavs carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Ugr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINU'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tchama st. ; tel. So. 40.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
'alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter;
j tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
I CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard: relald at 3c.
i STRATTON, 3 Eighth et. : tcl. Jessie 044.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth St. JB. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J E MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
'st.; cleaning. U. a yard: tel. Mission 74. y.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Cate aye.: tel. East 126.
— —— — -
LOST.
LOST— On Washington or Kearny street cars.
■Knight Templar cross, name of owner; and
-Sacramento No. :2" engraved. - Finder re-
warded by leaving at room 67, Crocker bldg. j
just Bernanl-shepherd | dbg, yellow, "( with
white streak under neck : ; answers name Par-
nell." Return to 536 Page st. ; receive reward.
LOST— Saturday, feather boa; ; reward. Ad-
dress -520 Capp «t. ■: , - ■ v-" ..*•■'■■-■
~ "~ TYPEWRII ERS. :
good order. $2.'<; send. for sample work.
- SCOTT & BAN NAN. 333 Montgomery **• :■;■:.
ELE V-ENTH,"~IO6-Branch . office of The ] Call;
Bubßcrlptlons and want , ada taken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW house 4 rooms and basement.
212 Perry st: rent $12 50: water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
ALL OVtiR TOWN r,T^7.J"7
You see houses tn rent by BALDW EN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
A NO. 1 house, 1719 Tost st. ; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35. Apply SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest improvements; furniture new: piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Box 1437, Call^ffic^
MCALLISTER. SIS — Sunny house. S rooms;
front 'and rear garden; rent reduced $3a.
6-ROOM house, bath and basement. $11: Laurel
aye.. near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER
& LENT, 14 POSt St.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call office.
MISSION. 2726. sunny belt— Parlor floor 6 nice-
ly furnished rooms; every convenience^ for
housekeeping; piano; bath; gardens ; $25.
NICELY furnished house of 5 rooms and bath,
large ground, etc.; near station; rent $20.
1910 University aye.. East
NICELY furnißhed house, 6 rooms, bath, all
modern improvements; rent reasonable to
good tenant; Golden Gate, Berkeley. In*
quire 714 Stelner et. '
10 R., PACIFIC Heights; modern; furnished or
not; long or short time. 2716 Scott.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MISSION, 2645. nr. Twenty-second— New sunny
cottage, 5 rooms; yard; basement; stable; $16.
NICE cottage, 4 rooms, basement and yard, 7
Victor st. Inquire 941 Bryant s^
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 15th St.. nr. Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS.
GEARY, 1522— Newly furnished sunny upper
flat of 4 rooms
FLATS TO LET.
A— DOWNTOWN flats; 4 rooms each; cheap
renf $10 and $12: 308 and 510 Natoma st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— slo; 4-ROOM flat; 10 days free.
A— sl2: 5-room new cottage; 20 days free.
A— slY 5-room cottage, Geary and Van Ness
eve. 10 new flats cheap. At SPECK & CO.'S,
602 Market s^ •
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Flat of 8 nice
rooms; rent $7.
CHEAP rent— Flats, 3 and 4 rooms, $6 and $7;
very convenient; 15 and 21 Victor st. In-
quire 941 Bryant *t.
DOLORES St., 1037 A —Nicely furnished six-
room flat to rent; reasonable.
DOWNTOWN flats; 4 rooms each; cheap rent;
$10 and $12: 508 and 510 Natoma st. BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st^
FELL,~IUB— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc^
FOLSOM, 909, near Fifth— sl2; new middle bay-
window flat, 3 rooms; gas, bath. tubs.
GROVE, 141— Near City Hall, lower and top
flat, 5 and 6 rooms; bath.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry:
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. *____*____"__
RITCH, 2S, near Third and Folsom— Bay-win-
dow flat of 3 rooms.
SUNNY corner flat, 5 rooms. $17; inside flat
with bath. $15; newly painted and papered.
Corner Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
VALLEJO, 1516. near Van Ness aye— $35; re-
duced from $30; fine upper flat. 7 rooms and
bath; all modern conveniences; sunny and
large yard.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
$13— NICE sunny flat. 5 rooms: bath, gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$17— FLAT, 6 rooms, bath: modern. 144S Va-
lencia St.. near Twenty-fifth.
$13— WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern; large lot: garden. 4075 Twenty-third
st.. few steps from Castro: care key 40<l.
$20— CHEAPEST flat in city: 8 rooms, bath.
53<Ha Valencia st., near Seventeenth
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
B^CrTLETT^ 414. nenr Twenty-fifth— 3 punny
rooms, sinkroom bath; nicely furnished; hot
water supplied: rent $12^
BRANNAN. 72">. above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished. $7.
CASTRO, 405, rear— 3 or 2 nice sunny unfur-
nished rooms; large yard; stable; cheap.
CLAY. 1423—2 pleasant sunny rooms for light
housekeeping.
FIFTH. 14&H— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; also single and double rooms.
FIFTH, 309^ — 1 or 2 sunny bay-window bed-
rooms'; connecting kitchen ;eomplete; Ist floor.
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms. $13; 2. $12; also single room. $5.
FIFTH. 428 V4 — 2 sunny rooms, furnished com- I
pletely for housekeeping; water in kitchen.
GEARY, 429— Light housekeeping and other :
sunny single and double rooms; no children. ;
GOLDEN GATE, 622—3 sunny rooms, first floor,
furnished for housekeeping.
HAMPTON place, 3, off Folsom. bet. Second
and Third— 3 sunny rooms; yard, basement.
HOWARD, 504— Pleasant sunny housekeeping
rooms: complete: bath, gas: rent cheap.
LEWIS IS. off Taylor, nr. Post-r-Room and
kitchen; furnished or unfurn.; reasonable.
MARKET, UOB— 3 rooms, $6; 3 rooms, $8; partly
furnished.
MCALLISTER. 422—2 or 8 nicely furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas range; ;
all conveniences. j
MINNA, 548— Two nicely furnished Bunny
housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 561—2 pleasant sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; $'.> per month.
MISSION, 1317 Mr -Pleasant unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NINTHT~2O— Front suite and single rooms for
housekeeping; gas; water; stove.
POLK, 522— Unfurnished or furnished room;
jfaites or single; rent cheap^
SOUTH 184—2 sunny front rooms,
nicely furnlßhed for housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 131—3 large lifUit sunny unfurnished
rooms and bath; slnglf if desired.
TENTH, 136, cor. Minna— Sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water. .
THIRD. 3on- 2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms, $S; also other rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 409%, above Valencia— sll ; 3
unfurnished rooms, bath and yard.
WILLOW aye., 30, off Larkin. between Eddy
and Ellis— Large light housekeeping room.
with bath, reasonable.
ROOMS TO M. I
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Lovely sunny large
front and single rooms, $6 month up; bath;
gas.
BOHEMIA, 230 Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
CENTRAL House. 52 Pleasant family and
single rooms; day, 25c to 50c; week, $1 25 to
$2 60; month, $5 up. -
CLEMENTINA, 434%— Sunny furnished room
with use of parlor; $3 10 a month.
CLIFFORD, Ellis and Mason— . suites
, and single rooms for families and tourists;
prices reasonable. .Telephone Red 1361.'
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suited.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
f.Oc to 11; week. $2 to $8; families. :':■■■
EDDY, 61S— Pleasant furnished front ■ rooms,
single or en suite; also BUnny kitchen; reason-
;. able. ..•--•.. -.:- ■■--.. ..-■■-■-.■ ■ ■■■- ■•..-■■....- .
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— per week; fur-
nished rooms. .1
FRANKLIN. 201, corner Fell—An elegant new-
ly furnished modern sunny room for. 2, $8 mo.
GEARY, ; 518— Large sunny bay-window room,
light housekeeping suite . and single room. .
HAIGHT 400 1/_1 /_— Sunny front corner suite; sin-
gle room, comfortably furnished; reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission ; select family
: rooming house; $1 M to $6 , per week.-
HARRISON, 846— Nice large single rooms, with
use of ; bath. $5 a month up.
HAVES 526— Lovely, large . sunny ; front room.
$10 month; single, $:.; housekeeping if de-
sired; modern. i ■
HAVES 604— Nicely furnished sunny front
single rooms, $5 mo.; nice double room, $7 mo.
HOWARD, 715, r ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites: - single; sunny reading room; 2oc up.
HOWARD 9«7A— Nicely furnished bay-window
■ front room; "rivate family: cheap. -.->.
HOWARD M»— By day. '■, weeK " or; month; ' 23c, ,
"gOo; 75c arid $1 per day -jr. to- $15 per month.
HYDE Sunny suites; •■•' first-class «■> board;
quiet; homelike' MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
TON : ::■'.:■■. .•;-- ■■ ■-■ .' ,■■ ' ■' - <-■-- "
JESSIE, - 1451— Newly ~ furnished .-*•' room; bath,
gas.
ROOMS TO LKT-Coniliiued.
JONES, 1705, near Broadway— 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent cheap.
LINDEN AYE, 231— Flat of 4 rooms and bath.
Apply M 8 Fell at-
McALLISTEn, 511— Sunny back parlor; grate;
gas; bath: $S month; 2 gentlemen.
MCALLISTER. US— Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month; hot^ and cold water.
.MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room; $1 a week.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry:
low interest. UNCLE_HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEVADA House. 132 Sixth— Select rooms, $1 GO
to $4 fiO week, $6 to $15 a month; also house-
keeping.
OAK, 22— Nicely furnished modern rooms, $o
and" $S mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
O'FARRELL. 327— Large front room, $10; sin-
gle rooms, $4 and $6; light housekeeping.
O' F A RRELLr^S'i-TLf rge front room, fur-
nished or unfurnished, for 2, $S per Vnonth.
O'FARRELL, 7">0 — Suite of three sunny un-
furnished rooms.
PHILADELPHIA House. 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas; running water: $1 week up; sunny.
PINE~ 739— Elegant suite of parlors, suitable
for man and wife or 3 or 4 gentlemen.
POWELL 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable: transient.
POWELL 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
looms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
RITCH 2 corner Folsom — Nice sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single room; $4 and $6 per mo.
SEVENTH, 136— Nicely furnished front room;
single, $1 per week.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near" Market ; furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH Nicely furnished % front sunny
rooms'; very reasonable; double and single.
SOUTH PARK, ' 80— Sunny bay-window front
room in private family; rent reasonable.
STOCKTON 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single;' day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
SUTTER 715-717-719. and 609 Hyde — Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny: reasonable.
THE RANDOLPH, 601 Post, corner Mason— so
bay-window parlors; smaller rooms; water:
pas; $1 50 to $4 50 week: $5 to $20 month.
BOARDING AND ROOMS. |
FOLSOM en— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HYDE 1105— Front sunny bay-window room:
gas; 'bath; running water; first-class board;
$20 a month.
LARKIN '614— Room and board for man and
wife in 'private family, $35; marine view.
O'FARRELL 816, near Larkln— Sunny rooms;
board; private family; references.
TURK '—Nice room two gentlemen: bath:
gas; 'grate; board; private family; $35.
VAN NESS. 218— Lovely sunny rooms with ele-
pant* board for 2 or 3; in private family;
reasonable. ■ - -■' ~ ' ■
VAN' NESS aye. — Beautiful sunny- rooms;
southern exposure; building new; all mod-
ern conveniences: newly furnished; elegant
for gentlemen; board optional. Apply at 80S
Van Ness aye.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
CHILD boarded ; references; large sunny yard.
152 Erie st., bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
ENGLISH widow would like ■ 2 children to
board or 2 working girls. 51 Clara st.
! PLEASANT, comfortable home for child with
family without children; " excellent care;
healthy locality; reasonable. E. THOMP-
SON, Glen Ellen. Cal.
| 1 OR 2 children or baby to board; terms rea-
sonabie. Cl Shipley st.
: , 'STORES to let.
■ $10—275 FELL St., large store : and 3 rooms
: suitable for any __ M_l_^_M _ 1 _^_ J — _—.—.—.
"offices TO let.
LARGE front office. 30x50; elegant carpet;
very cheap rent. l'^S Market St.
PROPOSALS.
PLANS and specifications Invited for an hos- I
pital building— Clerk's office. Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, 1898.
In - accordance with Resolution N0.' 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given .to architects |
that • competitive plans and specifications for i
the erection of an hospital building will be !
received in open session of the Board of Su- !
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12, IS9S, between the hours of 2:30
! and 3 o'clock. ■ •
The proposed building to be of modern de- j
; sign and to be constructed of stone or brick, j
• or of both, with air the latest scientific Im- |
provement- required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, If not superior, to any ;
building designed or contracted for hospital I
! purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ity as being indispensable In the construction
I of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health .described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
I county of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
1 Tract." and running thence due north along
I the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet;
~ thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet; thence due south seven hundred- and
sixty-five (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of ; the Alms-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to -the point of commencement; containing
9.659 acres.
The said plans, and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
- not exceed- in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred -thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
-—sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
building.
NOTlCE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring eight (6) hours to constitute a day's i
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day, for persons. employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
. the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
' and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be- re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to insure the
■ completion and construction of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
. architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the board to be second, third
and fourth In merit will receive premiums of
$1000, $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied in the plans
adopted may be used without further cost or
charge. -JNO. A. RT7SSKLL. Clerk
LEGAL NOTICES. ~~
CITY and County Treasury, San .Francisco,
■ March 1«, 1898— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 159S of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September. 15, 1880,
v there will be sold at public auction by E. S.
Spear _' Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
Sutter street, on l - j >' ! *-i»3Egt«3!ui-S^
MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898.
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of Btolen,
. lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed In
an Inventory thereof on file in the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of Jewelry, wearing , apparel, pis-
tols, knives, etc. ; also a lot of trunks, valises.
clothing, etc., property of deceased • persons
received from the Coroner of this city I and
county. . Open for inspection on - morning of
- sale.- ' - - A. C. WIDBER,
. City and County Treasurer.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TEH-
RILL, deceased. Order to rfliow cause why
order of sale of real estate should not be
made and ordering publication.
ANNIE H. TEKiULL, _« the executrix of
the last will of said CHARLES C. TEH-
RILL, deceased, having this day presented
to the undersigned Judge of t^aid court her
petition, duly verified and praying for an or-
der Of sale of a portion of the real estate
belonging to the estate of said decedent, for
the purpose of paying the debts outstanding
against said decedent and the debts, ex-
penses and charges of the administration of
isaid estate, and it having appeared and ap-
pearing to the said Judge from such petition
that it is necessary, and also that it must
be for the advantage, benefit and best inter-
ests of the said entate and those interested
therein to sell some portion of the said real
tutale for the purposes and reasons men-
tioned in said petition; and such petition hav-
ing been thereupon filed,
It is therefore ordered that all persons In-
terested in the estate of said deceased ap-
pear before the said Superior Court on MON-
DAY, the 21st duy of March, 189S, at 10
o'clock In the forenoon of said day, at the
courtroom of Department No. 10 of said Su-
perior Court, in the new City Hull In said
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, to show cause why an order
should not be grant* to the said executrix
to sell so much of the real estate of the
said deceased an shall be necessary.
•\nd that a copy of this order be published
once a week for four successive weeks In
the "San Francisco Call," a newspaper
printed and published In said city and
lVated* 'February 15. A. D. 1898.
JAS. M. TROUTT, Judge of the Superior
Court. ..
PHYSICIANS.
DR C C. O' DON NELL, office and resldenoe,
1206 Market; disease* of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
TO the Public— l hereby caution all persons not
to trust my divorced wife, HENRIETTA
FISCHER, of Ml!) Sanchez st. on my account.
as I will not be responsible for any debts
contracted by her. JULIUS FISCHER.
NICE young man wishes the acquaintance of
a young or middle-aged lady with some good
capital; object matrimony. Call or address
JOHN MICHAEL, 785 Market st.. room 23.
YOUNG lady of meanß would like to meet
young gentleman; object matrimony. Box
2146, Call Office.
YOUNG widow lately in the city would like
to meet young man; object matrimony. Box
2145. Call I tfftce. ___________
BOXING and bag punching tßUght by an ex-
pert thoroughly in eight private lessons, even-
ings; moderate. Address box 1460. Call ofllee
MAI KIAIOMAL.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 rages; no $5 re-
qulred. Editor. 11l Ellis Bt.. San Franciscc
BISIN!S> PERSONALS
A FREE prescription for monthly irregulari-
ties; it never fails to relieve in one day; no
deadly drugs, pil!s or capsules; the i^reserip-
tion will be sent free witii every $5 order,
after which it can be made at home at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 In 2c
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last Fix months; office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to S
evenings. THE ATWELL CO.. 36* Geary St.,
>o.n Francisco.
A3 a first-class halr-dresser I pride myself
upon having no equal: price only 25c; good
switches $1; best, finest quality. *3 60; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton ?t.
DRUMMER'S samples little boys' fancy and
plain suits at a sacrifice. 107 Sanaome St.,
upstairs.
MRS. JOHNSON'' 3 new_method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Orflces, 10-11, lIS Grant.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic effects a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 pc- night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT, 585 Clay st., S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 9C6 Market, room 20, second floor.
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Tranafer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
to up: drerses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rin. SS.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles oOc,
pentssl; palm, and clairv.; sit. |1 50. 126 Turk.
MISS HKI,I, GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st., room 10.
MISS MKL.VII,I.,E. Rreat clairvoyant and
water reader. 921' i Mission; German spoken.
TOUB future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
25c. 327 Fifth st.
MISS X.. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. 906 Market st., room 41. top floor.
GYPSY Ufa reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L.. 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post st.. room 2.
MISS PEARL. HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120% Geary st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME. MOREAV. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post.
MME. SVAENSON, only reliable card reader
and fortune teller; 2."ic. .41 Geary St.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123H Sixth st., room 14.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant.
card reader.mapnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
2; mind-reader and palmist.
SPIRITUALISM.
BERNARD clinic, medical hypnotism— ln hand-
ling disease we especially solicit those cases
wherein the ordinary modes of treatment
have failed. 209 Turk st.
TEST circle this afternoon. 2 o'clock. 937 Guer-
rero St., near Twenty-second; admission 10c.
TKST and healing circle to-night: 8; 25c. MRS.
HOVET and MRS. WALTHAM, 453 Polk.
AT 111 Larkin St., People's Society, 8 p. m. ;
good talent; admission free.
TEST meeting. 8 p. m.. 10c; 335 McAllister St.;
Htltt. Nita. Meakin. Hargravo, Gillingham.
M 18 EIXIB, medium, 233 Valencia: sittings,
$1; circles Tues., 2: Sat. eve., 8 p. m.: 25c.
m"~FRANCES. independent slate-writing me-
dium. 113 Haight st.
PROF. GEE: readings daily; test circles Tue..
Thur., Fri., 8 p. m.: 25c. S6SH Market st.
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy st.. room 3.
MRS J J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 21S Stockton st.
61S, LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and wnnt nris taken.
HYPNOTISM-
BAM FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics- private instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TT'RMAN. Sec.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate, Insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale. patents,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. SiO Market, cor. Stockton.
AI)VICE free; no charge unleas successful.
W. W. PAVIPSON. 927 Market st.
PROPERTY TO I XC.i A»(i! .^
ICO RANCHES; 3 to 800 acres; all prices
25 houses and lota, trom $sw) to Zj.ooo
2S-acre ranch for house and lot 2,500
2 stores and 6-roorn fiat: in city ......... &8W
6 houses In Berkeley: S in Oakland; 10 in b-F.
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth. S. F.
GOOD business property in Portland. Or., will
be exchanged on liberal terms for property
In or near San Francisco. Address BLUMEN-
THAL & HANLY. 1051 Washington St.. Oak-
land.
BiONEY TO LOAJV.
ANY~amount at GMi per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate life insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 2* Montgomery at., room 3.
LOANS^tTfurnlture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
r-moval: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tal. South__l4.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse In storage: life tns. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc.; low In-
terest: private; no com. R. <S. 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st: tel. Green tO4.
45 t'P to any amount on indorsed paper.
Pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOrOAN & CO.. M 0 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland : # no re-
moval: low rates; ■- no commission: $2.) up;
private party^BONNELLI, ISO Powell et._ -^
REAL estate and furniture or pianos, any
amount. : BECKER. 32S Montgomery st. ■ - y
GO-to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121: established 1869. -
ANY- sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California Bt. - ■■■< -'
«o~to 000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery St.
CITY and country ; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, • furniture: no removal ; lowest
"rates; no com. : private. 116 McAllister St.
SIXTH, 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry. ■- '. ( : ' - ."
830 HATES ■ -Branch - office of :ht ' Call.
Subscriptions and nd» taken. ~ .' ' ■■■>■-
: : ; MONEY WANTED. • /'_* '_'■-
WANTED —' { $4000 to $TICOO ,on KOod city
property: first-class, security. Address box
2148. --' Call Office. ■ ■ -:■-•..-■'-'>.-■
;;':;; ;':; ;\,: FINANCIAL.-'-:. ■■-. :■■"'::■_ \;^
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFKE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
' PAWNBROKERS. _______
SAVE Interest and borrow from , the CUT RATE
i LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason St.; private rooms.
CITY RE -L. ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE
FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3500-31:6x60; near Powell and Clay *ts., on
Wetmore place; cottage, 5 rooms, bath and
basement; large yard; all in fine order; fine
view of bay.
$2600— Rents $33; Midway, near Bay st.. be-
tween Dupont and Stockton; front and rear
houses and stable for 3 horses.
J36CO— Rents $35 r,O; 3 flats, 5, 6 and 4 rooms;
bath, hot and coM water each; lot 25x77:6;
Broadway, near Hyde; street bituminized.
Pine St., near Taylor; 43x137:8 and weli built;
3-story; IS rooms, modern; fine for boarding
or residence.
Loavenworth St.. near O'Farrell; 30x137:6 and
2-story frame buildings front and rear; rent*
$84 50; $11,500.
First st.; rents $47; ?5CO0; 46 feet front; be-
tween Folsom and Harrison st».
$3750— Reduced ; Stevenson St., 78 feet from
Sixth; 24x75; 2-story and basement house in 2
flats; rents $30.
Rents $65; Bryant St., near Seventh; 25x90
anil 3-story; store below and flats above; $5125.
Folsom St., between Sixth and Seventh; 37.6*
90 and 2 stores and 3 flats; rents $56; (MM.
Two fine Market-st. investments in retail
district, north and south side; $100,000 to $160,-
000 each.
Ellis St., between Taylor and Jones; 27:6 x
137:6 and fine 2-story; can be remodeled and
will pay good interest.
Ellis st.: growing investment; near Market;
large lot and builJing; rents $310.
First st.; line Investment; corner; large lot
and improvements; near Market St.; $37,500.
Reduced to $21.000— Third St., near Mission;
brick building; leased at $135.
$30.000— Rents $195; Polk St., near California;
60x80; fine 3-story building; stores below and
rooming-house above.
■ Rents ?17o; under leases $22,500; Washington
St.; down-town investment; brick building and
large lot; 2 fronts.
$5500— Rents $45; flats. 6 and 7 rooms each;
cost $4000 to build; Union St., In the business
portion, near Lagur.x
Reduced to $8S0O; crieap; Grove St.. between
Franklin and Gough; 27:6x68:9 and 2-story; 2
tenements: rents $34; street accepted.
Southeast corner Jackson and Larkin sts. ;
27:6x52:6; 2-story; store below, flats above,
stable in rear; the only grocery on 4 corners;
rents $50; $7000.
$0000— Rents $50; California st. ; 2 fiats, 5 and 6
rooms each; between Baker and Lyon sts; lot
25x137:6.
$7000— Modern flats: north side Oak st., be-
tween Webster and Fillmore; 5 and 6 rooms.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER LOTS. BUS-
INESS. HOMESTEAD OR RESIDENCE.
Southwest corner California and Lyon sts.;
30x100, $3000, or larger lot; fine corner and cheap.
Van Ness-aye. corner, 34x125, $6000, or 68x125,
corner Union St.; Van Ness In fine order; cable
cars on Union st.
Northwest corner Pine and Lyon sts.; 25x100;
$18."0; cheap.
Ellis and Franklin sts., northwest corner;
37:6x87:6, $9000, or 62:6x87:6, $13,500.
Southwest corner O'Farrell and Laguna sts.;
40x100; $8000.
Northeast corner Waller and Laguna sts.,
35x100, $5000; half a block from Market st.
Southwest corner Union and Devisadero sts. ;
fine residence corner; marine view; 50x100;
$6250.
Southeast corner Waller and De Long, 30x100,
between Masonic avenue and Ashbury st. ; $3250.
Northeast corner Golden Gate and Central
ayes.; 25x100, $2500, or 50x100, $4000.
Northeast corner Greenwich and Scott sts. ;
110:6x137:6; $2500.
Corner Geary and Wood sts; 29:3x100; re-
duced to $2000; cheap. •
Cheap corner, $1500: reduced price; southwest
corner Webster and Filbert sts.; 25x100; 1 block
from Union-st. cars.
Northwest corner Greenwich and Devisadero
Bts.; 37:6x87:6, $1800, or 62:6x87:6. $2400.
$5000— ELEOANT new house, Just completed,
805 Shrader St., 2 blocks south of Halght;
contains 8 rooms and bath; elegantly finish-
ed throughout; house open; terms easy; own-
er on premises.
BIG bargain— ii modern Western Addition flats,
$15,000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postoffice box 2495.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara County,
bet. Stanford University and Mountain View,
within 1 mile of Mayfleld; house of 7 rooms
and 2 cottages of 4 rooms; garden, orchard,
etc. : will rent low for 1 or 3 years to suitable
tenant. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real
Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
WILL s<»Il or exchange for property In this
city or Oakland— A ranch or 56 acres, unln-
cumbered; six room cottage, hard-finished,
well furnished; stock, farm implements, etc.;
within three miles of Santa Rosa. Particu-
lars 2914 California St., after 4 p. m.
FOR sale, exchange or rent — New 4-room cot-
tage; bath; stable; lot 50x140; 15 minutes from
city. Apply Grocery, 126 Guerrero st.
FOR SALE— AI Mendocino grazing land: tim-
ber mostly tan oak; $2 per acre and up-
ward. Box 2240. Call Office.
WELL-IMPROVED small orchard close to
city, at a bargain. Apply to owner, 538 San-
chez st.. 8 to 11 a. m.
FOR sale— l3s acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendocino Count'- consisting of the NE.
% of SW. \i of Sec. 31. township 14 N.. range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS, Navarro, Cal.
FOR PALE— In Colma. San Mateo County. 5
acres of land for cemetery; convenient to the
Southern Pacific and S. F. & S. M. electric
cars. Address J. C. Station L., city.
MILL Valley; for sale, house, furnished or un-
furnished. Apply 526 Turk st.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. ORIFFTN. Cotton wood, Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEA^rfIFmTIIOMKsTirLA^KSPUK!
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$5600 — New 2-story residence; 6 large rooms;
modern; cor. lot. [i0xl50; near Mastic Station;
part cash, bal. Installments. 735 R. R. aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FOR rent — furnished rooms; upper floor; hot
and cold baths; quiet couple preferred. 1313
Weber St.. Alameda. '
Oakland furniture for sale.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS" old store, 408
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES.
BIGGEST bargain In a building site in Berk-
eley: lot 132:6x150; northeast corner; street
work done on one stile; price $2800.
For : rent— An . elegant 9-room house; corner
lot; grand view; $35 per month. O. G. MAY
6 CO.. 2123 Center st. ; Berkeley.
$1750— FOR sale— the university; house of
7 rooms: fine lot; street work all done; a
thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON, real
estate, • Berkeley Station. . -
A GREAT bargain— For sale, 2 acres only four
blocks from station;. $650 per acre. O. G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof ..building. . F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 152 L
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Walter Parfett and Mollie E. Kindergen, 29-22.
Charles B. Danlelson and Carrie Morse. 24-18.
Martin Ipsen and Nelly Barry. 34-29.
Tiusrald Campbell and Elizabeth Jones, 25-23..
Lorenzo Chiaronl and Silvia Gonnella. 26-23.
Giovanni Bertocchi and Armlda Manglni, 30-18.
'Clyde H. Newlln and Myra Ikemlra. 22-22.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-^-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices ; sent ;by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. ... : . . .
" . BORN.
BACIGALUPI— March 15. 1898. -to the wife : of
Louis Baclgalupl, a son.
BRYAN— Scott Valley, March 9, 1898, to the
wife of James P. Bryan, a son.
KANE— In San Rafael, January 30, 1898, to the
wife of F. J. Kane, a daughter. : - . „
KLIMM— In this city, March 5, 1898, .to the
wife of Frank J. Klimm, a daughter. ; ; ■
MARRIED.
CANNEY— In : this city, March 10.
IS9S by the Rev. J. George Gib3on, Dr. Fred-
erick G. Canney and : Gertrude, Elaine Wolfe
"of San Francisco. .•;•-.*; .: - : , . ■ : ; ; .' . ■.-/, '<■■'
CAREY— RAMADEN— In - this city. : February
W 1898, at the Central Methodist Church. •by
. the Rev; : Charles Edward Locke. : D.D.. Ralph
'Carey. and Lena Ramaden, both of San Fran-
cisco. ■..: '■•-••. "".:-'■: .■■„'■. - ' ■ .-.'. .. .•-.■
CROSBY— MOREL— In -' ' Alameda, March 12,
1838, by the ■: Rev. Mr. Lacey, Edward O.
.■Crosby and Leonie E. Morel. - _ ■;
FLOETER— HILCHENBERG —In this city.:
March 14, IS9S. by the : ..ev. Hermann
" Gehrcke,' Hermann E. ■ Fleeter and Mary
Hiichenberg, both of San Francisco. - -
GREENE— DOWLING— In this city. February
19 18RS, nt tho Centra! Methodist Chnrch. by
the Rev. Charles Edward Locke, D.D.. Sam-
uel T. Greene aivl Maggie Dowling, both or
Ban Francisco.
iajffON— BEROLZHIME— In this city, Febru-
ary 14, IS9S. at the Central Methodist Church,
by the Rev. Charles Edward Lorke. V.V..
John T. Liruon and Minnie Berolzhime. botn
of San Francisco.
McROSKEY— McCOY— February 2. ISOB. by the
Rev. Charles Edward Locke, D.D.. Leonard
H. Mcßoskpy and Rosine L. McCoy, both or
San Franciso •.
OSBORN - WHIPPLE —In San Bernardino.
Cal March 12. IW, by Judpe John T. Knox.
John Osborn and Nettie B. YVhipp'.e.
ROBERTS— ROBEHaS— Ia this city. February
16, IS9S, at tho Central Methodist Church, by
the Hey. Charles gdw&ld Locke. D.D., Ar-
thur Roberts am! Mary Jane Roberts, both
oi I-n Granpe, Cal.
SHARP— GOEFFERT— Fehrunry 19, IS9S, by
the Rev. Charles Edward Locke. D.D.. John
Wesley Mian and Rosa M. Goepfert, botn
of Sen Franclßco. .
DIED.
Alden, Mary E. Me Xell, Mrs. Louis*
Bryant, 8., M.D. Mahoney, David I.
Bangen, Herman Newton, R. H.
Cecil, Arthur W. Pinafflia, Teresa
DiiKun, Cele&tin F. Sheldon. Lilian F.
GrmbnUa. August Sill'.fant, Albert H.
Gracier. Edmond J. Sprague, John C.
Hyde, Watfcinn L. Springmann Carolina
Koenig, Emma D. Schultz, Florence M.
Loomis, Nellie Sweeney. Kate A.
Litz. Susie D. Tamm. Fred
Mehrtens, August Tliomsen, Christian
Murphy, Anna
ALDEN- In this city, March 1.", ISW. Mary E...
beloved wife of the late Samiid B. Alden, a
native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
(Es"Frlend<» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1622 Hayes street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where services will be held.
BRYANT— In this city. Marc 14, IS3B. Berry-
man Bryant. M. D., beloved husband of
Henrietta Frances Bryant, and father of
Perry M.. David T., William 0., Calnoun and
Edgar R. Bryant, a native of SpartanburK. S.
C, aged SI years 4 months and days. (San
Jose anl Gilroy papers plense copy.)
CC"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at Gilroy, on arrival of morn*
ing train from San Francisco. Interment a*
Gilroy, Cal.
BANOEN— In the City and County Hospital.
March 15, 1898, Herman Bangen, aged 3<
years.
CECIL— In this city, March 15, 1838, Arthui
W., dearly beloved and only son of S. W. and
S. C. Cecil, brother of Ella M. Cecfl. and
grandson of Mrs. M. J. Goodwin, a nativa
of California, aged 20 years 7 months and 13
days. (St. Paul and Minneapolis papers
pleaee copy.)
CC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 3 o'elo-.-k. from the residency
of his parents, 17 Belvedere street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Sonoma. Sonoma
County.
DUGAN— In this 7 city. March 15. ISS»3, Celestia
Francis, beloved son of William F. and Mag-
gie Dugan, a native of Palem, Or., aged 1
years 7 months and 15 days.
rn?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the. parents'
residence, 518 Hill street, between Noe and
Castro. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GICMMALLA— In this city, March 14, 18?8. Au-
gust, beloved husband of Augusta Gemballa,
and father <>f Mrs. Marie Sosnowskl and
Frledrich, Gustave. Emil and Annie Gem-
balla, a native of Germany, aged 54 years 10
months and 17 days. A member of Eureka
Lodge No. «, O. d. H. S.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 120 Valley street, between Twenty-
eighth and Twenty-ninth. Dolores and
Church. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GRACIER— In this c'.ty, March 15, 1838, Ed-
mor.d J., beloved son of Charles R. and Ma-
mie L. Gracier, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 24 days.
HYDE— In San Jose. March 13, 1898, Watklns
L. Hyde, a native of Santa Clara, aged 21
years 1 month and 15 days.
KOENIG— In Berkeley. March 15, 189S, Emma
D., wife of the late Captain L. J., and mother
of Christian, Ida and Georgina Koenlg. a na-
tH'e of Hamburg, Germany.
(C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
LOOMIS— In this city, March 14, IS9S, Nellie
Loomis, a native of New York, aged 48 years.
LITZ— In this city, March 14. ISSB. Susie D.,
beloved wife of N. J. Lltz, mother of Helen
Litz, daughter of Mrs. M. H. Clark, and
sister of Mrs. Jennie England. J. W. Simp-
son and G. W. and W. A. Clark, a native of
California, ased 3S years 1 month and 28
days. (San Jose and Stockton papers please
copy.)
JCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 301 Octavia street, corner of Oak,
and thence by train leaving Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets at 11:30 o'clock to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery fr.r Interment.
MEHRTENS— In this city. March 13, 1898,
August, dearly beloved husband of Met*
Kettrlena, and father of Louis ana Edu. Mehr-
teni", a native of Hanover. Germany, aged 63
years 2 months and 13 days. A member of
Hercules Lodge No. 53, A. O. U. W.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o clock, from his late
residence, ISOB California street, corner of
Leavenworth, thence to St. Paulus Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and Gough
streets, where funeral s.-rvic-M will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, March 13. 1898. Anna,
beloved wife of Henry Murphy, mother of
John H. Pearson, and sister of Mrs. A. E.
Booth and Mrs. A. E. Cinquares. a na-
tive of Boston, Mass.. aged 38 years. ( Bos-
ton, Mass., papers please copy.)
B^Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, frum her late
residence. 1212 Green street.
McNEIL— Mrs. Louisa A. McNeil, aged ~<i
years and 10 months. (Boston papers please
copy.)
MAHONEY— In this city, March 14, 1898, Davtfl
I beloved son of Dennis and the late Cath-
erine Mahoney, a native of San Francisco,
aged 39 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-,
lors of J. "C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NEWTON— In Woodland, March 12, 189S, R. H.
Newton, a native of New York, aeed 61
years 11 months and 29 days.
PINAGLIA— In this city. March 14, IR9B, Tere-
sa, dearly beloved daughter of Mary, and
sister of Luc Albina. Frank. Claudia and
Ida Pinaglia, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years
C3 I*Friends1 * Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 332 Chestnut street, thence to Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
SHELDON— In .lamul, March 10. 1898. Lilian
F wife of Daniel F. Sheldon, and sister of
Mrs. William A. Ruthrauff and Lucy E. and
Edith M. Lndd.
SILLIFANT— In this city, March IS. 1898. Al-
bert H. Sillifant a native of London. Eng-
land, aged 36 years. A member of Court On-
ward, A. O. F.. No. 7505.
t?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:*' o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7«7 Mission
street Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by 3:15 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
SPRAGUE— In the City and County Hospital,
March 13, 1898, John Charles Sprague, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged »0 years.
SPRINGMANN— In this city. March 14, 1898,
Caroline, beloved wife of the late Edward
Sprtngmann. a native of Strassburg. Ger-
many, aged 71 years 2 months and 19 days.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 437 A Fulton street, near Octavia.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ST MATHEW'S SOCIETY— The ladies of the
St Mathew's Society are requested to attend
the funeral of the .late Mrs. Springmann. By
reauest of the president.
request oi v MRg KI , rppENBURG .
SCHULTZ— In this city. March 14. UN, Flor-
ence Muriel, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Martin Schultz. a native of Ran Francisco,
need 16 years 5 months and 14 days.
VrFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the residence, 221
Ple'ce street. Interment private.
SWEENEY— In this city, March 13. 189R, Kate
A dearly beloved daughter of John and
Mary Sweeney, and sister of John, Peter,
Mamie, Annie, Marguerite and Joseph Swee-
ney a native of Ban Frnncisc t,
£> friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), nt 8:30 o'clock, from her late
reside cc il Kondell place, off Sixteenth
street between Mission and Valencia, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will De celebrated for the re-
nose nt her soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TAMM -in this\ city. March 12, IS3B. Fred
Tatnm, a native of Germany, ased 34 years.
t o R M —Officers and members of Soto-
vome Tribe No. 12. Improved Order of Red
Men ar- respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,
from their hall. 302 Post street.
THOMSEN— In Alameda, March 14, 1808, Chris-
tian Thomson, a native of Schleswlg, aged 89
years and 6 months,
reinterment private.
< T™""^McAVOY&TALLAGHER^!^r
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, j |
FUNEKAL DIKECTOKS 4 EM3AL,MER3
Hi IITTH ST., Opp. Lincoln 3ea»»l.
■ I '='" - y - Telephone, South M - , 1 \
! /ncAVOY «fc CO., 1
1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
I 1234 Market St. between Bth and iuh. . |
i I.'  .-.-: ■ ■ Telephone, ■ OUt '---^^'liJll .' -,■'_!
1 Eatab. ISSs! ; - -v .' ■ -\ : - ■-■''- Tel. , : South ?47..'? 47. .'
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
' i Funeral ; Directors nnd.Embalmep*, 1
• ? 22,' 24 AND 26 MINT/A VENUE.
Lady assistants, tuaclou* chapel for the un«
at our patrons. Kubber tires on our ambulance. .
1314
COLNON TRIES
TO CONCEAL HARBOR
COMMISSION JOBS
The Board's President
Sets Up a Man
of Straw.
Replying to Charges by
Completely Ignoring
Them.
But Revelations of Crooked
Work at the Ferry Depot
Continue.
GALVANIZED IRON CITED.
A C«ae In Which the Contractor Was
Permitted to Profitably Disregard
Specifications.
Harbor Commissioner Colnon has
been heard from. He has a paper of
his own, which rushes to his defense
at every chance, and of late these
rushes have been frequent. When he
wants the defense to be particularly
strong, no trusty henchman wields the
pen; Colnon does it himself.
For several days there has been a
series of exposures concerning the
crooked work which has marked the
construction of the ferry building. Mr.
Colnon has come close to the line of
fire, and naturally has felt perturbed.
He replies in a column, in which he
carefully avoids saying anything bear
ing on the charges that public money
has been diverted to the pockets of
contractors. These charges have been
freely made, and if Mr. Colnon has on
hand facts wherewith to controvert
them, possibly he is saving them for
the benefit of the Grand Jury. His re
ply is concentrated against a single
point of no importance. It does not at
tempt to explain why the people of the
State pay for one sort of a ferry build
ing and get another costing them the
same, but costing the builders much
less.
Mr. Colnon takes up the charge that
the floor of the grand nave is inferior
to the floor specified in the contract. It
has already been stated that there is no
desire to do injustice to any system of
lioor construction, and whether the
floor is good, bad or indifferent is of no
moment in the discussion. The fact
that it was put in for thousands of dol
lars less than the contractor would
have had to expend in putting in the
floor which he agreed to put in is the
thing to be considered. That the change
ARCHITECT SWAIN ACCEPTS RESPONSI
BILITY.
"Every changre that has been made in the original
plan* and specifications for the ferry depot building; has
been at my sugjgjestion or has received my approval. Al
lowances made to contractors have been made upon my
estimates or have received my approval. In other word*,
all of the work on the building: has been under my su
pervision. If the Board of Harbor Commissioner*, or
through it the State, haw been victimized by contractors,
then 1 must be either a fool or a knave." — From an inter
view with Architect Swain.
gave him the privilege of omitting
arched tiling and steel rc«3s, of leaving
out fire-proofing and of using more ce
ment, the cement being paid for by the
State; that for this great gain to him
there was no reduction in favor of the
public. These are circumstances to
which Mr. Colnon could have drawn at
tention, but they happen to be circum
stances from which he wished to draw
attention. Thus, he fashioned a straw
man and amused himself by beating
the straw out of his creation. He failed
to answer any one of the accusations.
In using up a column of space Mr. Col
non found it necessary to repeatedly
express his indignation that the floor
should have been attacked. He por
trays at considerable length the test to
which it was subjected; all of which is
like the flowers that bloom In the
spring, in having nothing to do with
the case.
In the first article setting forth the
unworth of the depot as completed at
tention was paid to the floor Colnon
champions so warmly. Stress was laid
on the fact that the floor cost the con
tractor about $40,000 less than the floor
he had agreed to put in would cost. The
natural supposition was that the dif
ference in price would argue a differ
ence in actual value. Whether or not
it does is a question for experts. The
Call stated in the next issue that the
substitute flooring had been subjected
to severe tests and had stood them
■well; that it was being put into build
ings of importance; that many archi
tects regarded it as first class. But it
did all this realizing that the quality
of the floor had no place in the debate.
The manner in which the floor had been
acquired was the only thing to be
weighed.
In his effort to make himself appear
justified Mr. Colnon overlooked sev
eral important phases of the situation.
He has not made clear why in the
change from arched tile to expanded
metal there was no reduction in price;
why in the change from oak to pine
there was not only no reduction, but an
actual Increase; why wooden doors
cost more than corrugated steel; why
common bricks that are used in chimr
neys, is more expensive than Roman
pressed brick such as Is quoted at $7fj
per thousand; why when six floors
were eliminated from the tower there
was an allowance of $119, and when one
floor of the six was ordered in again,
for this single floor there was given to
the contractor $225; why the mezzanine
story was eliminated after contracts
including it had been let; why in this
elimination the various contractors
were not subjected to a cut for the
work they were excused from doing,
after they had contracted to do it; why
extra pay was allowed for galvanized
iron which had been clearly specified
in the contract. It is upon such ques
tions as these that Colnon could throw
a ray of light. And these are only part
of the questions which are likely to
reach his ears. Yet he calmly ignores
them, and sticks his head, ostrich-like,
in the sand of his beloved nave floor,
and seems to think he is safe.
To term The Call a ridiculous paper
may be extremely able, but Mr. Colnon
will perhaps pardon the belief that it
falls short of being satisfactory. It is
not with the purpose of worrying: CoT
non that the. charges have been made.
HARBOR COMMISSIONER E. L COLNON,
The Gentleman Who Might Explain Some Things Ahout the Ferry
Depot, but Who Devotes Valuable Space to Not Explaining,
Indeed, there is an absence of concern
as to whether he is worried or not. It
is fully understood that he has troubles
already, that the water front has had
a queer look ever since a part of its
destiny fell into his guiding hand. All
that is wanted is the truth, and there
is no profit in watching Colnon beat the
chaff from a man of straw.
The nature of a man's trade is no bar
to his eligibility to participate in the
I good things that are being handed out
j by the men who axe in control of af
fairs in connection with the building
of the ferry depot. Wood-workers,
stone men, metal-workers, painters and
the ragtag and bobtail of the small fry
among the contractors are reaping th^
profit that comes to all who are willing
jto participate in the wholesale rob
i bery that is being practiced at the ex-
I pense of the State.
Investigation discloses the fact that
one of the richest plums that have fallen
has been divided up between the con
tractor for the galvanized metal work
and those who made it possible for him
to go behind the terms of his written
contract. The full extent of the State's
loss on this item of construction has
not yet been fully determined, but so
far as the investigation has progressed
it appears that at least $6000 and per
haps more has been passed from the
State's coffers to the pockets of inter
ested parties without any due return.
The hocus-pocus by which the officials
have been enabled to enrich themselves
to this amount is much the same as has
been practiced in other contracts here
tofore exploited. Contractors were in
vited to bid for the putting in of the
galvanized metal work, and the con
tract was awarded to the lowest bid
der, as required by law. After the con
tract had been let changes were made
in the specifications in order to allow
the contractor to substitute inferior
materials for those called for in the
original specifications. Other evasions
and substitutions were made, as will
appear.
The contract for the galvanized iron
work was let to William Cronin of 1213
Market street. Among other things
called for by the contract was the cov
ering of the inner and outer walls of
the long gallery and the inner walls of
the waiting room on the second floor
with No. 22 galvanized iron, as will be
seen by the following paragraph from
the original printed specifications:
The entire walls of the gallery in the
rear of the second story, as well as the
ends and walls of the waiting room
throughout, are to be finished in galvan
ized iron. In the treatment of the wait
ing rooms, both inside and out. galvan
ized iron is to be used in courses with
flush joints, formed by bringing the true
edges of metal close together, and secur
ing the same with fishplates of No. 18
galvanized iron, six inches wide, riveted
with galvanized iron flushed rivets, not
further apart than three inches, centers,
staggered in two rows on each side of
joint and well soaked with solder; fish
plates secured with galvanized clips to the
rough construction of the outside walls,
which is composed of small channels and
T irons, as indicated on the framing
plans, or joints, may be V joint locked
and soldered, at the discretion of the
architect. All this work to be of No. 22
galvanized Iron, as will also be the out
side and inside of the corridor and bridges
in the second story.
Two years elapsed between the let
ting of the contract and the beginning
of work. In the interim the Board of
Harbor Commissioners granted to Cro
nin a modification of the contract, per
mitting him to use No. 26 instead of No.
22 galvanized iron for the work. No. 22
iron costs $105 45 per 100 sheets and No.
26 costs $70 12 per 100 sheets. As it re
quired abo-ut 6400 sheets to complete the
contract this modification meant a sav
ing to the contractor of about $2260.
"What part, If any, of this amount was
used by the contractor to bring about
this very remunerative modification
does not appear of record?
After the work had progressed suffi
ciently to permit of the establishment
of amicable relations between the con
tractor and the Board of Harbor Com
missioners Cronin professed to discover
that he was not compelled by the terms
of his contract to cover the west walls
of the gallery and waiting-room with
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898.
galvanized iron. What merit there was
in this contention may be seen by glan
cing: at the paragraph of the specifica
tions quoted above. Nevertheless, the
Board of Harbor Commissioners and
Architect Swain were appealed to and
after some delay the latter professed to
find on the plans some "crow's feet"
that to his professional eye seemed to
indicate that it had not been the inten
tion of the architect to cover the dis
puted walls with galvanized iron.
This being determined, it only re
mained for the Harbor Commissioners
to act. This they did by authorizing
the contractor to go ahead and cover
the disputed walls with galvanized iron,
for which work they agreed to pay
him, and did pay him, not quite $3000.
It was necessary to pay him a few
dollars less than $3000, because the law
requires that no contract can be let for
a sum greater than $3000 without ad
vertising for bids. To advertise for
bids for work that had already been
advertised and contracted and paid for
would have given the snap away.
The investigation into the galvanized
iron contract has not progressed any
further than this except that it is
known that tlie contractor failed to
cover the bottoms of the long gallery
and the galleries leading from the sec
ond story to the ferry slips with gal
vanized iron, as called for by the con
tract. This involves a matter of a
thousand or more dollars.
That the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners and Architect Swain have full
power to compel a contractor to fulfill
the terms of his contract is shown by
the following paragraphs from the
specifications under which the contract
for the galvanized iron work was let:
Should the contractor at any time dur
ing the progress of said work refuse or
neglect to supply a sufficiency of mate
rials or workmen the said Harbor Com
missioners shall have the power to pro
vide materials and workmen, after three
days' notire in writing being given to
finish said work, and the expense so in
curred shall be deducted from the amount
of the contract.
If the contractor shall vary from the
specifications or drawings in the form
or quality of his work or in the amount
or value of the material therein used the
architect shall be at liberty at any time
A NEAT RAKE-OFF IN THE IRON
CONTRACT.
Tlio original speolfflratlons for the cralvanized iron
work on the ferry building; called for >o. 99 iron for the
Hide walls. The man who secured the contract was
allowed to use !%'o. 3« iron. One hundred sheets of I'o. 99
iron weigh* 9819 pounds and costs 81A5 AS. One hundred
sheets of Tt'o. 'Hi iron weighs 1819 pounds and costs $70. 19.
a difference of $35 33 per hundred sheets. About « 100
sheets were used in covering the -walls of the ferry build
ings involving? a saving: In cost to the contractor of
S'-i'-itl 1 19. To this may be added the sum of $3000 which
was paid to the contractor under the head of "Extras"
for work provided for in the original specifications, but
which he refused to perform without extra compensation.
before or after the completion of the
work to order such improper work to be
removed, remade and replaced, and all
work disturbed by the alterations made
good at the contractor's expense, or to
receive from the contractor for the
board a sum of money equivalent to the
difference in the value or the work per
formed and that mentioned in the speci
fications or shown in the drawings, it be
ing optional with the board to pursue
either course.
Architect Swain is not pleased with
the turn affairs have taken. He says
that the result is likely to be that the
impression will go abroad that he is
a designing party to the thievery
charged in connection with the con
struction of the ferry building.
"As the architect of the board," he
said, "it is my duty to see that the
contractors do their work according to
the plans and specifications under
which their contracts were secured. It
is also my duty to attend to all details
in connection with any changes in the
plans or specifications that may be
contemplated or agreed upon. In do
ing this I have endeavored to use my
best judgment and to have in view the
best interests of the State.
"Every change that has been made
in the original plans and specifications
for the ferry depot building has been
at my suggestion or has received my
approval. Allowances made to con
tractors have been made upon my esti
mates or have received my approval.
In other words, all of the work upon
the building has been under my super
vision. If the Board of Harbor Com
missioners, or through it the State, has
been victimized by contractors, then I
must be either a fool or a knave."
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
2Cc. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
HIS THIRD
WIFE WANTS
READY MONEY
Captain White of
Round Valley in
the Toils Again.
Marriage Bureau Love
Letters That Fill a
Trunk.
Officers Appalled at the Num
ber of Women Who
Answered the Ad.
TO BE EXAMINED IN COURT
Tha Cattle King Will Bo Compelled
to Give an Account of His
Resources.
The third divorced wife of George
White, the well-known Round Valley
cattle king, has been leading him a
merry chase in Judge Hebbard's court j
for the past three weeks, though the
proceedings had been conducted so
quietly that they were not made public
until yesterday. She is after money,
but the nearest approach yet made to
the goal is a bunch of love letters.
All the trouble arises from the fact
that when the third wife got her di
vorce Bhe was ajlowed a judgment for
5105,000 as her part of the property,
though she has had what the sporting
class would call a terrible "run for the
money," and the money seems as far
away from her as ever.
Information came to Attorney Lin
forth last month to the effect that there
were bonds worth $50,000 in the vaults
of the Safe Deposit Company. These
bonds were supposed to be the property
of the cattle king. Acting on this in
formation the box of J. J. Whitney was
levied upon, but there was no bond of
any character therein. A few hours
later the information came that the
bonds were in Mr. Whitney's name in
the box at the Pacific Coast Savings
Union. The Sheriff was dispatched to
the place, but it was too late, for Whit
ney had been there and taken away
whatever property he had.
To come to a proper understanding of
the case it should be said that Mrs. J.
J. Whitney is the spiritual medium by
whom Captain White swears. He thinks
she has shown him the fountain of eter
nal youth and brought him to a happy ■
marriage with the fourth wife It is j
her spiritual advire that causes him
to rejoice each day that he is still on
earth.
When the Sheriff began the business
of levying on the alleged property of
the millionaire who is an adept at hid
ing his effects they got some strange
idea that a certain trunk in the posses
sion of Mrs. Whitney contained the
coveted bonds. They seized the trunk,
Deputy Sheriff Fitzgerald feeling sure
that he had a handful of Government
bonds. When he took off several layers
of tissue paper and perfumed tapa cloth
from the promising bundle he found it
was a bunch of loving epistles from
girls and widows who had answered
the cattle king's advertisement for a
wife, inserted some months ago in
Wedding Bells.
"There were enough letters from
women to fill this room," said Mrs.
Whitney yesterday, "and the Deputy
Sheriffs consumed fully an hour paw
ing over thf-m and hunting for the al
leged property."
There has been no more substantial
approach than this ..discovery to the
coveted goal of "ready money," and the
officers have taken another course.
They have decided to ask Captain
White a number of questions on an
order of examination as to his wealth.
He will have to appear before Judge
Hebbard on Saturday and tell how he
lives, what wealth he has, where it is
located and all about it.
Attorney Linforth thinks White is the
most artful dodger in the State, as he
has been pursuing him in vain ever
since the judgment wa» rendered in fa
vor of the third wife in 1895.
The play now being made by the cat
tle king is that all his property Is
owned by his nephew, J. S. Rohr
baugh, who is up in the cattle country,
but the attorneys have decided to ex
haust every possible means to boil the
case down to such a point as to corner
some of the money that is known to be
the property of Captain White himself.
Suggestions Desired.
The State Board of Trade will receive
gratefully and consider thoughtfully writ
ten suggestions as to how best to exhibit
the products of California at the World's
International Exposition to be held in
Paris in the year 1900, with a view of ex
tending the markets for California prod
ucts. Communications in response to this
may be addressed to the California State
Board of Trade, San Francisco. Sugges
tions are especially solicited from the
producers of the State.
Those who favor the board with re
sponse to this request will please study
brevity and append their signatures. L,et
it be remembered; that the exposition is
to be distinctively a market-seeking prop
osition.
Postal Examination.
A civil service examination for clerks
and carriers in the San Francisco Post
office Department will be held at 9 o'clock
next Saturday morning at the Lowell
High School on Slitter street.
It being the intention of J. F. Kennedy, suc
cessor to Morris & Kennedy, art dealers, 21
Post street, to retire from business, he offers
bis large etook Irrespective pX coat. •
FRIGHTENED
AWAY BY HIS
SCREAMING
Bold Attempt of Two
Men to Rob Her
man Bunker.
Attacked Shortly After
Leaving the Oakland
Ferry-Boat
After Being Followed for a
Short Distance He Was
Assaulted.
ASSAILANTS IDENTIFIED.
They Are Said to Have Recently
Held Up Another
Citizen.
Herman Bunker, living at 169 Minna
street, had an exciting experience with
footpads Monday night. Accompanied
by two friends he crossed the bay, in
tending to pay a social visit. He re
turned on the 9 o'clock boat, and as he
walked up Market street he was at
tacked by two men, one of whom struck
him with his clenched fist, felling him
to the ground. While lying prostrate
one of his assailants proceeded to
search his clothing for valuables. As
he had a gold watch and chain and
considerable money in his possession.
Bunker, realizing he was in the hands
of desperate men, lustily shouted for
help. A police officer heard his
screams, and, as he went to his rescue,
the robbers, evidently becoming
frightened, hurriedly left the scene.
One of them in his haste to get away
dropped his hat, which was subse
quently found by the police. Last
night Bunker visited police headquar
ters and told the story of the attempted
robbery.
He describes one of the men as being
about 45 years of age, 5 feet 6 inches in
height and had a dark mustache. He
wore a gray suit of clothes and a dark
slouch hat, which was pulled down over
his eyes.
The companion, he says, was about
20 years of age, 5 feet 3 inches in
height. He wore a cheap gray suit and
a black slouch hat. Bunker is positive
that he can identify his assailants in
case they are arrested.
A short time ago a citizen, whose
name the police refused to divulge, was
held up in the same vicinity and robbed
of a gold watch and chain and consid
erable money. His description of the
robbers tallied exactly with that given
of the men who assaulted Bunker.
"I had disembarked from the boat,"
remarked Bunker when telling his
story, "and concluding that a little ex
ercise would not do me any harm,
I started to walk up Market street
to my home. It was about 9 o'clock,
and when I reached Davis street I no
ticed two men, whose faces were partly
concealed by the hats they wore, stand
ing in a doorway. Thinking that they
were waiting for somebody, I passed
on.
"When a few feet from them they
emerged from the doorway and started
to follotv me. After overtaking me, one
of them struck me a terrific blow in
the jaw. I fell on the sidewalk, and
the robbers, evidently concluding that
the blow had rendered me hors de com
bat, proceeded to search me. Just
then I lustily screamed for help, which
had the effect c.f frightening them
away." _________^___
THE BLACK WAS NOT GAME.
Harry Woods Was Too Much for the
Colored Fighter, Ben Lewis.
The Excelsior Athletic Club of Eighth
and Folsom streets gave a very interest
ing athletic entertainment last evening
which was witnessed by a tolerably large
gathering.
Frank Smith gave a very clever exhibi
tion of slack wire walking and the con
tortionist, Louis Solomon, also did well.
Comic songs by R. Hanson and a cracker
eating match between six young lads
amused the spectators while the boxers
were making ready for fistic engagements
which were as follows: Four-round bouts
between Billy Lawlor and Billy Hogan.
Tom Devine and P. Lynch, D. Hughes and
L. Otts, G. Kelly and J. Duffy, Joe Ken
nedy and J. Stelzner.
The event of the evening was to have
been an eight-round contest between
Harry Woods and Bon Lewis (colored),
but the last-named boxer grew tired of
the game in the. second round when he
was countered heavily on the jaw, and
after going down twice he remained on
all-fours in his corner until counted out
In the first round Woods hit Lewis in
the groin, but a claim of foul was not al
lowed and Lewis then lost courage and
afterward put up a very poor argument.
The club will give a first-class eight
round contest at its next entertainment.
Weir Cannot Escape.
Andrew J. Weir will have to serve out
his sentence for obtaining money by false
pretenses. He became engaged to a
young lady who had some money and he
Induced her to give him $1000, stating that
he had an offer of a position in one of
the big real estate firms and would have
to give a bond in the amount stated.
After getting the money he jilted the girl
and was later arrested. His plea for a
new trial was on technical grounds,
which the Supreme Court refused to con
sider.
Kings of Purgatory.
The Infernal Order of the Kings of Pur
gatory, a social branch of the Knights of
Pythias, will give an entertainment on
Saturday evening next at Odd Fellows'
Hall, in commemoration of the organiza
tion of their parent body. There will be
a unique programme, followed by danc
ing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<f>J, DO NOT F-ORGETI *■ x xx — h— * I
i / DO NOTFORGETI Ip
fc I . r TO-DAY IS I ®X;
T * 3J3aS|»y ::Y
T WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1898, rp
U FIRST OPENING DAY T?
jS ; Of the MILLINEROEPARTMENT. \
,i CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS CO., I ,
1 I ; BE. Cor. Chary »nd Stockton Bti., 8»u Irueiioo. V ' ®
— X — * — X — »— * — » — * — — *—*—#—*—#— —M — X — N — X — X— * — *— *— » T
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Novelty
Dress
Fabrics!
We are now showing the very latest NOVEL-
TIES in FRENCH DRESS FABRICS and HIGH
NOVELTIES for Spring, 1898.
We call particular attention to the following
four lines of HIGH NOVELTY DRESS PATTERNS
which we have placed on sale this week,
NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON *|0 fin
DRESS PATTERNS OIZiUU Pattern
NOVELTY FRENCH POPLIN- OQ rtfl
ETTE DRESS PATTERNS. OJiUU Pattern
NOVELTY FRENCH PIREOLA fill) f\(\
DRESS PATTERNS OIZiUU Pattern
FRENCH WOOL POPLIN DRESS o|f) Eft
PATTERNS OIUiUU Pattern
The above are in the very newest color-
ings, also in black.
JUST RECEIVED™
4 cases GENUINE ENGLISH MOREENS,
in twenty different shades, also black.
PRICE, 50c YARD.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
HIS RIG HELD
FOR REVENUE
Horse and Wagon of G.
W. K. Daubs Taken
by a Policeman.
Placed in Dr. Westphal's Stable
and a Dollar Demanded
for Its Keeping.
The Owner Was Poor and His Prop
erty la Now in the Pound and
May Bo Sold.
Next Friday the Health and Police
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
will consider the application of G. W. K.
Daubs, an almost penniless peddler, who
lives in a humble home at 17% Washing
ton street, to recover his horse and
wagon, which are now in the custody of
the Poundkeeper. An interesting little
story accompanies the taking of the ani
mal and its load from its owner and its
subsequent transfer to the city's animal
prison.
Daubs is a painter by trade, but some
time ago he was thrown out of employ
ment. As he could get nothing to do he
purchased a horse and wagon with bor
rowed money and set to work. On the
afternoon of the 7th inst., while passing
the Union Iron Works, he applied for a
position as a painter. He was put to
work with a gang painting the bottom
of a ship, and knowing that he would be
working only a few hours he hitched his
horse beside the road. In the afternoon
when his work was over he went to get
his horse and wagon, and saw to his dis
may a policeman on the seat leisurely
driving toward the Twentieth-street po
lice station.
"I followed the wagon to the station,
said Daub last evening, "and demanded
my property. My request was refused,
and a short time later the rig was taken
to Dr. Westphal's stables opposite the
City Hall. I went to the stable and de
manded the horse and wagon again, but
Dr. Westphal informed me that I must
first pay him $1 for the care of the rig
before it would be turned over to me. I
only had $1 65. and as I had a family at
home to care for I could not meet the de
mand and informed Dr. Westphal so. It
made no difference, he said. I would
have to pay the $1 or my rfg -would t>«
sent to the pound, and for every day It
remained there I would be charged $1,
and if it was not taken out in nine days
it would be sold. I pleaded for my prop
erty, as with it I made a living, but I
was refused. I then went to the South
ern station and explained the case and
my position. While I was talking with
one sergeant in a gentlemanly tone of
voice another came In and pushed me ouW
of the room and threatened to arrest ms^
if I did not cease in my demands. I did
not know what to do, so I went home, and
the next morning I again applied at the
Ftables for my horse and wagon, but this
time a demand for $2 was made. Later
the rig was sent out to the pound, and I
followed it, hoping that the Poundmaster
could aid me. He said that he could not
give me the animal unless I paid the
money, and it is still there. I have no
money, and next Saturday it will be sold
unless some one Intervenes, and I will bo
deprived of a way to make a living for
myself and family. I have filed a protest
with the Supervisors, and Friday they
will consider it. I hope they will con
sider my position and poverty, for if they
don't I will not know which way to turn
for employment."
« ~
A Sovereign Remedy.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure — One dose will
stop a cough; never fails. Price 25c; all
druggists. •..
Stole a Bicycle.
Harry Shillto, a clerk, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Detectives Silvey
and Sullivan and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
He is accused of stealing a bicycle that
was standing in front of the residence of
George Kroetz, 207 Leavenworth street,
on March 4. and selling it to Stephen J.
Riley, a clerk In a fruit store on Hydo
and Turk streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER, \
FOR—
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." BTituhMedicaUoumal
CAUTION: See that the label bears the sign*
ture of the firm.
Andreas Saxlehncr.
SEMI4NNUAL EXAMINATION
OF
TEACHERS.
' The regular semi-annual examination of ap- i
plicants for teachers' certificates '.High School.
Grammar and Primary grades and special cer-
tificates) will commence at the Normal School
building, Powell street, near Clay, on FRIDAY,
March 18, ISM. at 1:30 p. m. <
In compliance with the State school law each
applicant must pay an examination fee of %■> in
advance to Miss P. M. Nolan, secretary of the
Board of Examiners, office, central corridor,
third floor. City Hall. R. H. WEBSTER,
«»o l- p lvrT e pn n i 0 Common Schools.
CHAS. W ■ W ELCH. . Secretary.
DR.M?NnLTY. *
?:p.r,Kxows and itKLUBi Eort,
«lally;6:30to8.30ev ?^ S Jr"av? loinfwT' 9 f° 3