TOLUME LXXXLV.-NO 75.
MAY BE THE SCENE OF GREAT EVENTS.
View of Port Arthur, Leased to Russia by China. It Is on the North Side of the Gulf of Pechili and Opposite Wei-Hai-Wei, Which H«s Been
Leased to Great Britain.
HALF-MILLION
MIDNIGHT FIRE
RAGES AT FRESNO
Nearly F our Blocks Swept by
the plames and Many PacK
'o9 Houses Destroyed.
Three Chinese Reported to Be Fatally Injured.
Circumstances That Create a Suspicion
.. of lncendiarisn).
FRESNO, Aug. 13.— The most disas- |
• tr<*'Uß fire in the history of oc
crurred shortly before 12 o'clock to
.■ night, the entire space on the west
.iVattroad reservation from Mariposa j
street tn Mono, a distance of four!
block?, being almost swept clean. The
aggregate loss is conservatively esti
mated at from $400,000 to $500,000.
- '. The buildings destroyed were the fol
'; lowing: The Forsyth Seeded Raisin
. Packing Company's establishment, |
■ the Phoenix Packing House,
. the National Ice Company's estab
lishment, Farmers' warehouse, Ein
stein ' warehouse, Hobbs & Parsons'
warehouse partially destroyed, and the
:Y*sidence of John Doyle, yardmaster.
•' /.'ln addition to the buildings enumer- j
fib? <i the Southern Pacific's loss will be j
.considerable. Several strings of freight
j.^arsr gtlong the sides of the packing
: . houses and the warehouses were a
" . masg of flames before the force of rail
'••roaff men could haul them away.
' .; • The fire also spread to the roof of the
- Chinatown building, and for a while j
'ther-e..-\vas also danger of that quari-r
of. the town being wiped out.
• Three Chinamen were fatally in
jured.. One of them got hold of a live
wire, another jumped in fright from a
building,, and the third was run over
by a hose wagon, which mashed his
;.' skull. .
.The fire is supposed to have been of
incendiary origin. The fact that the
fire-department was carried to another
part of town by a smaller blaze shortly j
.before the Forsyth plant burst forth in !
a mass of flames goes to support the
.theory that the large industries of
Fr'psrii/were burned br an arsonist.
• . Tho fire is the hardest blow in an
industrial way the town has ever re-
• ceived. • i - . < -.• /ir \:~^
■'■ "A man named Harper, who, slept in
.: tn.e Forsy the establi hment is supposed
'.:• to have perished in the flames. Th«
•' flr-e burned so furiously that it is not
; believed he could have possibly es
. '-taped. ,
' .; Sr'orsythe's loss is estimated at $100,
. 000.-. • The building was a large frame
......structure, but contained - very expen
•■ siy-e- machinery. It was the first seeded
■ • packing house in the State, and up to a
.' . J'ear ago was the largest in the world.
■•• " The Phoenix was directly across .the
street.' A wind was Mowing from the
- nori-h- and carried the flames to the long
: ■ shed of the Phoenix building. A quan
. • tity- of oil then exploded and the fire
■• leaped to the new two-story addition.
■ . The- sparks were then carried ahead of
.- the'. fire and other buildings caught
; ■ ahead. The Farmers' warehouse, which
• was foil of grain, caught and also s the
: . ..Einstein warehouse.
• • "In. 'the meantime the fire from the
.- Phoenix Packing House spread to the
National Ice Company's establishment,
.which was practically totally destroy
" cd. although the buildings were not
■': burned to the ground. Garlenlaub &
• Pratt,' of the , Phoenix estimate their
'loss at $70,000, including building ma
[_■ ierial and machinery. Their plant was
.-partly insured, but the exact amount
■is unknown. Trie Forsyth plant also'
. was partly Insured.
• • General Muller of the Farmers' ware
house ■. places his loss at $25,000. The
'■. grain was insured. Einstein's loss can
The San Francisco Call
not be computed exactly, but It is sup
posed to be about the same as that to
the Farmers' warehouse. *.
The destruction of the parking hourea
at this time means a terrible blow to
the raisin growers, as well as the pack
ers themselves, as the crop will be
ready in about two weeks and the
packers had many Eastern contrac:**
to fill.
The packers whose establishments
were destroyed were members of the
California Raisin Growers' Association
and the effect the fire will have on the
association is problematical. The own
ers of the buildings and Hi Rapelji, the
Chinatown night watchman, who was
one of the first to see the fire, all agree
that it must have been Incendiary.
LIGHTNING STARTS A FIRE.
Butte County Visited by a Disastrous
Electrical Storm.
CHICO. Aug. 13.— A severe electrical
storm Visited this section this morning,
much damage being done to the tele
phone and telegraph apparatus. At Cana,
twelve miW-F north of hero, lightning
Started a fire in a field on the Stanford
place. At 6 o'clock it is ■ still burning
over 1500 acres of stubble, and many
miles of fencing have been consumed.
Farmers are fighting hard to keep the
lire from the river bank, where thou
sands of sacks of grain and many hun
dred cords of wood are piled. Heavy
rain fell in the northern part of the
county.
Sonoma Mountain Fires Spreading.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 13.— A big forest
fin' is raging on the hills near Ocean
Canyon, about twenty-five miles from this
City, and scores .of people- are ertgaged in
lighting It. The flames have swept over
a I'lfr area of country destroying much
timber, wood and fences. If the wind
cornea up it is feared immense damage
will result.
Pavilion Burned at Sacramento.
SAOIIAMKNTO, Aug. 13.— At 3 .o'clock
this Afternoon the baseball stand, amuse
ment pavilion and bicycle track were de
stroyed by lire. The loss le estimated at
,SIO,OOO. . _,
REPORTED ESCAPE OF
BLANCO FROM HAVANA
Dispatch ±rom Washington StaVts
the American Warships on a
Merry Chase.
PLATA DEL. ESTE, Aug. 13.— The
American warships New York, Brook
lyn, Oregon, Indiana, lowa and Mas
sachusetts will sail to-morrow for
Tompkinsville unless the Navy Depart
ment decides that they shall wait for
the troops from Santiago de Cuba.
Commodore Watson left this after
noon on the Badger to raise the south
ern blockade and take the marines off
the Isle of Pines, where, it is thought,
they were landed yesterday or the day
before. By Monday, Admiral Sampson
says, the blockade will be thoroughly
raised.
The St. Louis and the St. Pa^l left
on Thursday for New York with some
of General Shafter's troops.
On Thursday evening the Scorpion
conveyed to Admiral Sampson Wash
ington dispatches from Playa del Este,
saying it was rumored that Captain
General Blanco has escaped from Ha
vana, probably on the Montserrat.
Commodore Watson was communi
cated with and the Dixie and Yankee
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898-THIHTY-TA\ O PAGES.
TEXT OF THE PROTOCOL
GIVEN OUT AT MADRID
MADRID, Aug. 13. — The text of the protocol signed between Spain and the United
States is as follows:
His Excellency, M. Cambon, Embassador Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary
of the French Republic at Washington, and Mr. William Day, Secretary of State of the
United States, having received respectfully to that effect plenary powers from the Spanish
"Government and the Government of the United States, have established and signed the fol
lowing articles which define the terms on which the two governments have agreed with
regard to the questions enumerated below and of which the object is the establishment of
peace between the two countries, namely:
Article I — Spain will renounce all claim to all sovereignty over and all her rights over
the island of Cuba.
Article II — Spain will cede to the United States the island of Porto Rico and the
other islands which are at present under the sovereignty of Spain in the Antilles, as well as
an island in the Ladrone Archipelago, to be chosen by the United States.
Article III — The United States will occupy and retain the city and bay of Manila and
the port of Manila, pending the conclusion of a treaty of peace, which shall determine the
control and form of government of the Philippines.
Article IV — Spain will immediately evacuate Cuba, Porto Rico and the other islands
now under Spanish sovereignty in the Antilles. To this effect each of the two governments
will appoint commissioners within ten days after the signing of the protocol, and these com
missioners shall meet at Havana within thirty days after the signing of this protocol with
the object of coming to an agreement regarding the carrying out of the details of the afore
said evacuation of Cuba and other adjacent Spanish islands, and each of the two govern
ments shall likewise appoint within ten days after the signature of this protocol other com
missioners who shall meet at San Juan de Porto Rico within thirty days after the signature
of this protocol to agree upon the details of the evacuation of Porto Rico and other islands
now under Spanish sovereignty in the Antilles.
Article V — Spain and the United States shall appoint to treat for peace five commis
sioners at the most, for either country. The commissioners shall meet in Paris on Octo
ber 1 at the latest to proceed to the negotiation and to the conclusion of a treaty of peace.
This treaty shall be ratified in conformity with the constitutional laws of each of the two
countries. '
Article VI — Once this protocol is concluded and signed hostilities shall be suspend
ed, and notice to that effect in the two countries shall be given by either government to
the commanders of its land and sea forces as speedily as possible.
Done in duplicate at Washington, read in French and in English by the undersigned,
who affix at the foot of the document their signature and seals, August 12, 1898.
were sent to the Bahama Channel to
head off Blanco.
Admiral Sampson at once decided to
go to the western extremity of Jamaica
to intercept Blanco, should he attempt
to escape in that direction. The flag
ship made sixteen knots an hour, de
spite the foulness of her bottom, and
arrived off Jamaica yesterday morning
and cruised. ,
On Thursday evening Commodore
Watson instructed Commodore . Schley
to go to the southern blockading line
and warn the ships of the rumored es
cape of Blanco. While leaving the
harbor the Brooklyn, in endeavoring to
get out of the way of a transport, went
hard aground and did not get off until
yesterday afternoon, when she was
hauled off by the Oregon. No damage
was done to the ship, but it was too
late then for her to perform the com
mission upon which she was sent. The
Vixen was sent after the Now York
yesterday, but returned late in the af
ternoon.
Admiral Sampson has inspected the
Maria Teresa and says he thinks she
will be got off all right when she has
been lightered, which work will take
probably a week or more. Lighters are
to be procured -+ Santiago.
SAIL FROM SANTIAGO.
Second Massachusetts and Seventy
v; r \ : First New York Returning.
WASHINGTON. A up. 13.— The folowing
cablegram ' was received at;, the War De
partment to-night: -
• SANTIAGO, Aug. 18, IS9S.— Hon. H. A. Al
eer > Secretary" of ,War, Washington, I). C.:'
Second Massachusetts has already sailed; also
Seventy-flrnt New -York. Troops are being sent
by brigades and -divisions.
: if. AFTER, Major General;;
Hvmboldt's Democratic Delegates.
EUREKA, Aug. 13.— The Democratic
County Committee has elected the follow
ing list of delegates to attend the State
convention on August 16 at Sacramento:
J F Coonan, Hon. J. P. Haynes, P. W.
Matthews L. E. Mahan. S. I. Allard, L.
ff. 1-uter.' ('on O'Mara. Frank Oliver,
Charles Carr. John McConaghy, Thomas
Balr, H. H. Neibur and J. E. Quinn. The
delegation Is unpledged.
CORBIN PROMISED
TO MARRY HER
Jessie Laib Accuses the
Millionaire.
BRINGS SUIT FOR DAMAGES
SAYS THE RAILWAY MAGNATE
WRONGED HER.
Young Woman Institutes a Sensa
tional Action for Twenty-five
Thousand Dollars in a
Spokane Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Aug. 13.— Jessie Laib,
daughter of the late Matt X,aib, for
merly a City Councilman and well
known -horseman, has brought suit
against D. C. Corbin, the millionaire
railroad man and financier, for $25,000.
alleging breach of promise to marry.
She asserts that Corbin, under promise
of marriage, accomplished her ruin in
this city in 1891; that, continuing his
promises, he took her in his private car
to New York the following year under
the name of Mrs. Kimball, and kept her
there for several months; that, return
ing to Spokane, he continued his rela
tions with her until last year, when he
informed her he was a married man
and unable to keep his promise.
Mr. Corbin's wife is an invalid and
is in an Rastern sanitarium. His
daughter, the Countess Of Orton, with
the Earl, her husband is expected here
shortly to visit Mr. Corbin. It was his
rtiece who married Alsop-Borrowe. Cor
bin is a brother of the late Austin Cor
bin of New York. He has been building
railroads in the West for several years.
Ten years ago he began the construc
tion of the Spokane Falls and North
ern, which opened the Kootenay miner
al region in British Columbia. He sold
at a profit of $1,OOO,OCK) recently to Pier
pont Morgan, who turned the property
over to the Great Northern.
The plaintiff is n petite brunette of
charming face and figure. She was for
merly the wife of John Brace, now of
Seattle, from whom she was divorced
in 1891.
ALBION BACK FBOM ALASKA.
Towed Up a Stern Wheel Steamer
and Dredger Combined.
PORT TOWNSENP. Wash.. Aug. 13.—
The steam schooner Albion arrived here
to-day, fourteen day- from Norton
Sound. Alaska. Tae Albion left Astoria,
Or., early In June with a Ftern wheel
steamer and dredger combined, which
Bhe successfully towed to the mouth of
the Yukon River. The Albion reports
that a syndicate has established a new
town named Blair, five miles from the
mouth of the T'naliklik River, where
there is already a mission and reindeer
station. From this town it is proposed
to build a railroad to a point on the Yu
kon River where the river opens for nav
igation from four to six weeks earlier
than at the- mouth. Seven hundred miles
of travel will be saved.
LOS ANGELES WATER SUITS.
Arguments Concluded and a Decision
Soon Expected.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 13.— Arguments
in the injunction suits between the city
of Lob Angeles and the Los Angeles
City Water Company were concluded at
noon to-day. Decision will be rendered
soon, and a receiver for the company
appointed by the court.
MEN WHO
WILL DRAFT
THE TREATY
Personnel of the Peace
Commission the Sub
ject of Interest.
Many Problems That Now Con
front the Administration
at Washington.
NEW YORK Aug. 13.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: The most important task
imposed on the President at this time
is the selection of five American mem
bers of the joint commission to deter
mine the fate of the Philippines.
Secretary's Day's name is the only
one that can be put down with abso
lute certainty on the list of commis
sioners. A name that has not been
mentioned is that of Joseph Choate of
New York, and there may be much
significance in the fact that the Presi
dent mentioned his name as a possi
bility to a caller who was talking in
behalf of another man.
There are reports to-day in adminis
tration circles that the selection of
Senators Allison and Gorman is not as
likely as was supposed a few days ago.
The reason given is that neither of
these Senators is a member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and
that if any Senator is to be on the
commission it should be a member of
the committeee which will have charge
of the peace treaty.
It is said with much positlveness to
night that Secretary of State Day will
retire from the State Department on
September 15, which is about the date
that the Peace Commission will have to
start for Paris, and that he will be
succeeded by Ambassador Hay.
President McKinley is not yet pre
pared to definitely announce the names
at the army and navy officers who will
repress it the United States on the Joint
military commission to arrange the de
tails of tfte Spanish evacuation of Cuba
and Porto Rico.
Unless there is a change in the pres
ent determination of the President, the*
Porto Rican commission will be made
up of Major General John R. Brooke,
Brigadier General Guy V. Henry and
Captain William M. Folger, commander
of the cruiser New Orleans. It is ex
pected that both the commissions will
be announced early next week.
GETTING IN SHAPE FOR
CONDITIONS OF PEACE
Important Details That Will Have to
Be Attended to at Washington
for Some Time.
■WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— The sud
den transition from war to peace was
reflected to-day in a complete dullness
and stagnation through official circles.
There will be a large amount of im
portant details to be worked out from
this time forward — a gradual reduction
of the army and navy to peace foot
ings, the establishment of temporary
and permanent administration for our
new colonial possessions, caring for the
prisoners and the relief of the distress
in Cuba.
The question of immediate attention
is the appointment of the peace com
mission which is to meet at Paris, and
of the military commissions to meet at
Havana and San Juan.
The President conferred with Secre
tary Day during the day relative to the
peace commission, but it was said at
the State Department late In the day
that an announcement of the commis
sioners might be deferred for some
days.
Several public men who saw the
President to-day were satisfied the com
mission would be made up of Secretary
Day, Senators Allison and Gorman,
either Joseph K. Choate or Ellhu Root
of New York, and probably a promi
nent army officer. General Corbin is
spoken of favorably in connection with
the army appointment on the commis
sion. The military commissions for
Cuba and Porto Rico are not receiving
any attention from the State Depart
ment as the military authorities will
have entire charge of these branches
of the peace settlement.
Many congratulations kept coming to
the State Department and to the White
House on the establishment of peace.
It is expected that the occupation of
Manila under the terms of the protocol
will occur within the next few days.
It was first thought the Navy Depart
ment had a dispatch-boat at Hong
kong, ready to cany forward the or
ders to Admiral Dewey and General
Merritt, but the department learned to
night that no dispatch-boat was at
Hongkong, although one was likely to
reach there to-day or to-morrow.
Meanwhile it is possible that Consul
Wildman may charter a steamer and
send the orders forward. He has gen
eral instructions as dispatch agent, and
it was said at f he State Department
to-day that the instructions govern in
the present case.
General Greely is satisfied no use can
be made of the cable connecting Hong
kong with Manila, as there are no ca
ble operators at the Manila end.
Acting Secretary Allen said to-day
that the matter of establishing coaling
stations, the disposition of Admiral Cer
vera and other Spanish prisoners, and
like questions brought up by the peace
settlement would receive consideration
in due time, but that there was no im
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
mediate necessity for passing upon
them.
The AVar Department was busy all
day with matters pertaining to cessa
tion of hostilities. Secretary Alger con
sulted the President for some time, but
when he returned said that the mili
tary commissioners for Cuba and Porto
Rico would not be announced to-day.
There is .no need of haste, he said, as
by the terms of the protocol ten days
were allowed for the selection of the
commission.
There has been some speculation as
to who will be commissioners, and
nearly all of the more prominent offi
cers of the army have been canvassed,
both volunteer and regular. It seems
to be generally conceded that General
Lee will be one of the commissioners
for Cuba, on acount of his knowledge
of the conditions in the island. Gen
eral Brooke and General Henry are
mentioned as probable commissioners
for Porto Rico.
The subject of mustering out a part
of the volunteer forces has been con
sidered and it is probable the total
force will be reduced to 100,000. This
mustering out will not begin at once.
Garrisons of both regular and volun
teer soldiers will remain in Cuba, Porto
Rico and the Philippines. Manila and
Porto Rico will be governed through
the military arm at present and prob
ably the authority which the United
States exerts in Cuba by the same
method. This state ot things is likely
to continue until Congress meets.
It is understood at the War Depart
ment that the Spanish soldiers in all
places over which the United States
exercises jurisdiction will be virtually
prisoners of war and under the orders
of the United States officers in com
mand.
TO KEEP UP OUR ARMY
FOR GARRISON DUTY
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: The army will not now
be scattered. It will be kept consoli
dated, at least until the question of
garrisons for Porto Rico, Cuba and the
Philippines has been specifically de
cided upon. This was the statement
Secretary Alger made to me this morn
ing.
"The troops at Montauk Point will
not be immediately assigned to sta
tions," he continued. "The work of
garrisoning the islands must be taken
up before any change in the organiza
tion of the army is perfected. Un
doubtedly a large force will be re
quired in Cuba. These troops will be
put at different important points in
Cuba. The regiments that will go have
not yet been designated. It will be the
policy of the administration to have all
the States represented as far as possi
ble, so that there may be no possible
basis for complaint or unjust discrim
ination, which it is desired to avoid.
"An army will remain in Porto Rico.
I am not certain that it will be in
creased, as that seems most tractable
territory, and as wo are in full pos
session with no doubt or contest as to
our claim. But it will take a much
larger force to garrison Cuba and ad
ditional troops will be sent over as soon
as, from a sanitary point, it is safe to
do so."
SPANIARDS NOTIFIED
THAT WAri IS ENDEO
General Shatter Sends the Informa
tion to Commanders in
Eastern Cuba.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9S. by James Gor
don Benr.ett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 13.— 0n
receipt of the President's proclamation
of a cessation of hostilities General
Shafter took steps for the immediate
notification of the Spanish commanders
in the vicinity and also the insurgent
leaders. The Spanish commander at
■ Manzanillo, Colonel Pirron, when he
was notified, was asked to transmit
the news to the insurgent leaders in the
neighborhood.
Jibari also was communicated with
i and steps were taken to send couriers
j direct to Garcia, who is before Holguin,
ito inform him of the facts. General
! Shaft-er said to me this morning:
"I have no doubt the insurgent lead
ers will act on the notification to cease
hostilities. Though not instructed from
Washington, I have taken measures to
! inform them of the signature of the
j preliminaries of peace between the
United States and Spain."
HAVANA LEARNS THAT
THE WAR |f% ENDED
Residents Eager to Discover the
Terms Upon Which Peace
Was Effected.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew York
I Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Aug. 13.— Although noth
| ing official has been published, a semi
i official note in the newspapers assures
[" the people that peace is about to be
j made. The people doubt this and are
I now awaiting official confirmation.
The colonial cabinet met this after2
noon. Captain General Blanco Informed
the members that as the representative
of the Madrid Government he had
called them together to notify them
that the peace protocol had been signed
by Spain and th-j United States.
Captain General Blanco said he could
not state the precise terms until he re
id dispatches from the Government
in Madrid. These dispatches had not
yet been published iind the people are
still in ignorance of the conditions.
I am informed that General Blanco
will publish the peace proclamation in
the Official Gazette to-morrow.
Perfect order is maintained in the
city, but the people are anxious to
know on what basis peace has been ar
ranpred.
SAMPSON AND SCHLEY
ORDERED TO NEW YORK
Will Remain in That Harbor While
Their Flagships Are Under
going Repairs.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 13.— Admirals
Sampson and Schley will sail to New
York on their respective flagships,
which have betn ordered to that point.
The orders issued last night covered
the flagships of both admirals, but did
not specifically state that these high
officers would -go to New York. It is
said at the Xavy Department that no
special consideration has yet been
given the disposition of these officers
and the command of the various battle
ships and cruisers during the period of
the repair of the warships, but the offi
■.vlii probably remain with their
.shins, visiting Washington occasionally
on personal business.
SOLD LIQUOR TO IMMUNSS.
j;'our Cafe Proprietors of Santiago
Sent to Prison.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor-
Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 13.— The
proprietors of four cafes in this city —
A'enus, Cabana, Favorita and Lvz —
were sent to prison this morning. Gen
eral Wood, military governor, charged
them with having sold liquor to sol
diers. He ordered their arrest because
of a disturbance made last night by
members of Companies A and B of the
Second Regiment of Immunes, who
were intoxicated.
AN ARMISTICE
AT SUMMERLAND
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 13.—Hos
tilities have not yet been resumed at
Sumnjerland. The people ha^e been
tracing step by step the cunningly laid
scheme of the corporation to seize
Summe-rland by a coup d'etat. Inter
esting facts hearing: on the scheme are
coming to light every day.
Treadwell, the Southern Pacific
agent, first located and recorded, in
the name of one Davis and others, a
lot of fictitious placer mining, claims
over patented pueblo lands granted in
private ownership, and over the lands
below high water mark on the Sum
merland beach. It is known that these
claims were recorded by and on behalf
of Treadwell, though in other sanies.
Then Treadwell applied to the Boar'l of
Supervisors for a wharf franchise.
This was opposed by H. L. Williams,
who had a franchise about expiring,
his pecuniary circumstances not hav
ing permitted him to build the wha;f
in time. The Board of Supervisors
were urged to and did ignore Mr. Wil
liams' contest on the ground that
Treadwell was ready to go aJiead and
accommodate the people with a wharf
for commercial purposes, which was
sadly needed to compete with the
grasping Southern Pacific Company.
In obtaining the franchise Treadwell
selected an attorney not identified with
the business of the Southern Pacific
Company. His franchise once obtained
he began to show his hand. He bored
a well on the beach at the foot of hijs
wharf and kept on keeping pace in
weiis with the growth of the wharf.
His franchise was a practical joke on
the Board of Supervisors of the county.
He then began to openly brag of being
"backed by the Southern Pacific Com
pany's capital. He claimed the control
of the railroad rights of way along the
roadbed and told Thomas D. Wood if
he wished a siding for shipments of his
oil he (Treadwell) would promote it or
could grant it, as he held this land of
the Southern Pacific Company along
the beach under lease.
His first discomtiture was the ac
quiring by Mr. Wood from H. L. Wil
liams of a large tract of oil land front
ing the beach. When Treadwell started
out with his fence along the beach he
met with resistance. Then the attor
of the Southern Pacific appeared
upon the scene of action and the legal
bluff began. Agreements of comprom
ise- were finally drawn up and ten
dered, in which Treadwell, in the name
of Mr. Davis of Elizabeth, N. J., and
in his own name, agreed to do most
anything if he were onlya'lowed to run
by with his so-called whan", but they
were not so easily deceived. His would
be dupes knew full well that once
across the lands of the State with its
wharf the Southern Pacific Company
would laugh them to scorn.
These recent acts of the Southern Pa
cific Company have caused the commu
nity to consider and deeply resent th 2
treatment of Santa Barbara by this
corporation in reference to connecting
this section with the outside world,
having violated all its pledges in re
gard to the closing of the gap, which is
about fifty miles in length, and the
dosing of whic-h would make a direct
line from San Francisco to Los Ange
los through Santa Barbara, thus short
ening the distance and time greatly be
n this part of the State and th^
northern part. The determination was
expressed to-day by parties who had
granted rights of way or executed con
tracts for grants of rights of way to
immediately serve notices of recession
and to commence proceedings to work
a forfeiture of the grants.
COTTAGE CITY REACHES
VICTORIA FROM ALASKA
Brings News of a Big Strike Seventy
Miles Below — Stam
pede to the Diggings.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 13.-The Cottage
City,. which arrived this evening, brought
news of. a big strike seventy miles below
Tagish. One man is said to have worked
out $700 in one da*-; A big stampede oc
curred, to the new diggings.' practically
depopulating Skagway and.Dyea. Even
thoee working on the Skagwa'y railroad
arid having business concerns . at the
gateway- center joined in the .stampede
• The Cottage City had !no g0... aboard
and the only passenger, from Dawson was
Inspector McGregor. '. . >
Canadian troops going in by the Stick
een route are on one-third rations. They
cannot get supplies from Glenora, owing
to the difficulties of the trail. . \ f:
' . : . . . -?■- .. — :■ t .-..■■-•'_-;
Immunes Off to Santiago.
SAVANNAH. Ga.. Auk. 13.— The trans
port Minnewaska sailed at 4 o'clock this
afternoon for Santiago with the Third
Regiment of Lnited States Volunteers,
Colonel Ray's immunes, numbering 1100
officers and men.
STRICT NEUTRALITY
GERMANY'S POLICY
FROM THE START
Acting Chief of the Berlin For
eign Office Speaks of
the War.
Hostility of the Press of His Country Due to
a Misconception of the Motives of
the United States.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Aug. 13.— The Associated
Press correspondent here has had an
interesting interview, on the subject of
the Spanish-American war, with a gren
tl'-man, who, in the absence of Baron
yon Buelow, who is away on his sum
mer holidays, is acting chief of the For
eign Office, and who may be regarded
as voicing in this conversation the gen
eral official view of the subject dis
cussed.
The gentleman began by saying:
"Baron yon Buelow, on leaving, cau
tioned me that no expression of opin
ion contrary to Germany's policy of
strict neutrality was to be promulgated.
That we mean to observe neutrality
of this description I think the world
now knows. From the start the For
eign Office has made it invariable io
say nothing that could be interpreted
as offensive to either side, and we have
in no way tried to influence the Ger
man press in favor of the United
States, except on a single occasion. At
first there was so much hostlily on the
part of the German press toward the
United States that we took every op
portunity to arrange for the appear
ance of articles of a different tone.
•'Almost the only affinity existing be
tween Germany and Spain is found in
the monarchical institution, while the
bonds uniting Germany and the United
States are numerous. It is true that
at the commencement of the war Ger
mans were much influenced by the fact
that a powerful nation was attacking
a weak one. This was a strong strain
upon German idealism, and the sense
of justice which characterizes the Ger- i
man people, and the mere fact that j
you were the aggressors in this case ]
somewhat prejudiced the German mind
against you. quite irrespective of the
merits of the controversy. Besides, it j
must not be forgotten that Germans, in ;
the matter of political education, are
still somewhat unripe. ■ It is not long
since they became a homogeneous po
litical entity. It is partly <lue to this
fact that Germans jare given to reach,-, i
ing hasty conclusions on questions oM
politics. Hence sprang a great amount
of public comment in favor of Spain
in the earlier stages of the war. Such
talk, however, ought not to be quoted
against the German Government, in re
gard to which there has been, I think,
no just cause of complaint by Ameri
cans."
As a matter of fact, during* the past
fortnight the tone of the German press
has been much more favorable to the i
United States, and hardly anything di
rectly hostile has appeared in any of
the more important papers, while .the
number of. journals openly friendly has
considerably increased. The papers
now point out that the authorities at ;
Madrid and Manila and the Spanish |
press were largely responsible for the
excitement rising out of the Irene inoi
dent, as they, misconstrued it, and pre- |
ceding incidents in a mariner that
necessarily aroused suspicion in the
United States.
A good sample of the average, of the I
editorial articles nowadays is furnished j
in the Lokal Anzeiger, until recently |
one of the most violent anti-American !
sheets in Berlin. In an article printed
to-day this journal draws a parallel i
between the Turko-Greclan and the i
Spanish- American wars, and says -that
the differences between the two cases
NO MORE TROOPS
FOR PHILIPPINES
Present Plan of Secre
tary Alger.
PEACE CHANGES SITUATION
DEPARTMENT AWAITS WORD
FROM MERRITT.
Unless He Asks for Reinforcements
the Men Now at San Francisco
Will Not Be Sent to
Manila,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
i sends the following: A cable dispatch
■ went to General Merritt last night from
the War Department asking if he
needed any more troops. The inquiry
from the Government was prompted
I by the belief that the troops already
j in Manila would be sufficient for gar
; rison purposes. General Merritt has
with him now 11,000 troops, and 4000
! more are on the way. The present
plan, therefore, of the administration
I seems to be that the 5000 which were
originally intended to be part of the
expedition for which Secretary Alger
urged General Merriam a few days ago
to provide transports shall not now be
sent to Manila. It is not supposed un
] der present circumstances that Gene-
I ral Merritt in his reply will ask for
I more troops.
] asked Secretary Alger to-day if he
would point out to me Just about what
| the situation would Jje.ln Manila under
; the protocol, as far as it concerned
; Spanish and American troops. I re
minded him that no provision had been
made as to the manner of evacuation
of Manila by Spanish troops, and asked
him what would be their status in t-h»
interim.
He told me that in the first place
there was no dmibt that the Spanish
j army under orders from the Madrid
j Government would cease hostilities and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
is mainly in the fact that Greece was
the attacking, and, not like Spain, the
attacked power.
This, the Lokal Anzeiger goes on to
say, was only a formal difference, for
Spain, after annoying and injuring a
powerful neighbor for a long time, had
finally engaged in a war for which she
had not the necessary strength. To
defend her possessions only imposed
sacrifices upon her, and she was bound
to lose. If, on the other hand, she had
sold these colonies, she would have
realized a large sum.
"By her unreasonable attitude," the
Lokal Anzeiger continues, "Spain as
sumed as large a measure of responsi
bility as Greece. Both Spaniards and
i Greeks are blind and full of conceit."
The newspapers here to-day discuss
elaborately the new situation and the
changed conditions growing out of the
war. The conclusion reached is that
the United States must hereafter be
reckoned a great naval power, and that
Germany will be obliged once more to
increase her navy in order to hold her
own with the other powers.
The Deutsche Zeitung, discussing the
annexation of Hawaii and plans of the
United States as regards Pago Pago,
says:
"This means a chane-e in the balance
of power in the South Sea, regarding
! which Germany cannot afford to be
silent."
The paper concludes a somewhat ag
gressive article by saying:
"We have confidence that the leaders
of our foreign policy will do all that
is required to prevent the disturbance
of German interests and influence in
Samoa."
The Vossische Zeitung says that the
war has ended as the majority of com
petent judges expected from the begin
ning that it would end. Spain, the
Vossische Zeitung says, undertook tho
I struggle without a chance of success.
' The Americans, the article says, owe
! their success, besides their military su
; peridrity, to a harmonious joining of
I all important factors.
Admiral yon Knorr, commander-in
chief of the imperial navy, Informs the
correspondent of the Associated Press
that during the approach of autumn
and winter the German navy will be
more strongly represented in American
waters than at any time since 1891,
wlihii Germany took a leading part in
the settlement of the Chilean trouble.
Five warships — the Geier, Hela, Moltke,
Sophie and Nixo — with a total tonnage
of 10,500, and carrying fifty-seven guns
and 1534 men, will be kept there.
The meat famine that prevails
throughout Germany is causing much
dissatisfaction aniong the poor, who are
unable to payttie increased prices. Vil
lagers on the Silesian frontier daily
cross the line and visit the nearest
Russian towns to procure cheap meat.
The Berlin butchers this week promul
gated resolutions expressing indigna
tion at the Government's policy of pre
venting meat imports, which has
caused a great scarcity of meat in the
home market.
Emperor William has finally decided
that the city of Berlin may accept a
legacy of several millions of marks left
by a disreputable usurer named Simon
Bladt, on condition that a statue be
erected to his memory. The case has
been pending for several years.
Tv- municipal and provincial author
ities along the Rhine have decreed the
removal of glaring advertisements of
an American cereal preparation which
had been placed at one of the most
conspicuous and loveliest spots along
the river.
lay down its arms. "■"- said the ques
tion looked likp a simple one.
'"It is true," said Secretary Alger,
"thilt we may be called upon to help
sustain the Spanish army now in Man-
I ila, but the soldiers would be practi
cally regarded as our prisoners, and
! United States troops will be as much
in authority in Manila pending nego
tiations between now and the treaty
of peace as the Uni.ted States army in
j Porto Rico or Cuba."
Tnder instructions sent last night
Rear Admiral Dewey is to raise the
blockade of Manila and suspend all
hostilities.
The instructions sent to-day set
forth the terms of the protocol relat
ing to the Philippines .nd direct that
, immediate steps be taken for the oc
| cupation of the city' by American
! troops.
THE TOWN OF CADIZ
IS QUITE GAY AGAIN
Fetes Being Organized to Cheer the
Residents and to Attract Visit
ors to the City.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CADIZ, Aug. 13.— The so-called flying
squadron, consisting of Alfonso XIII,
Buenos Ayres and Ciudad de Cadiz, in
command of Captain Barraza, is being
prepared to go to Southampton to most
Ocrvera's men. It is unknown yet at
what Spanish port Cervera will land.
The French steamer Cheribon, char
tered for the repatriation of the Span
ish troops, has sailed for Santiago,
where she is due on August 23. She
has accommodations for more than 1000
troops.
This town is quite gay again. Peo
ple are organizing fetes to raise their
drooping spirits and to attract visitors
to the city. The gates, which have
been closed since the war, are now re
opened and remain open all night. The
fleet has been continuing its target ex
ercises. The results are fair.
WARSHIPS CEASE
THE BOMB IDMENT
Informed by the Spanish Command
ant at Manzanillo That Peace
Had Been Declared.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 13.—Ad
vin-s were received by General Shafter to
day to the effect that Manzanillo was
bombarded yesterday, day and night, and
again this morning. General Shafter at
once cabled to the Spanish commander at
.Manzanillo that peace li.'id been declared,
requesting him to advise the American
commander uf the. fact under a fluj; of
truce, which he did. and the shelling of
the town ceased.
Advances rr.Rde on furniture an<l pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SEOT OF DANGER IN THE FAR EAST.
Map of the country between the Russian frontier on the north and
the Yellow Sea on the south, showing the route of the pro
jected extensions of the Trans-Siberian Railroad from Tsuruk.
l)aitu on the Chino-Russian frontier through Manchuria and
Mongolia to Vladivostok, and Port Arthur, for which all
needed concessions have been rr>ade by the Chinese Govern
ment to Russia, and which Great Britain is attempting to
thwart.
SEEK TO SHELVE
FITZHUGH LEE
Politics in the Camp of
Shafter.
RACE FOR CUBAN HONORS
TORAL'S CONQUEROR WOULD BE
GOVERNOR.
Delegation Comes From Santiago to
Use Its Influence at Washing
ton in the Califor
nian's Behalf.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Aug. 13.— A New Orleans
special to the Transcript says: The
transport Berlin arrived yesterday.
There is considerable importance at
tached to her voyage. Just as she was
preparing to leave Santiago there came
a rush message from Shafter to wait
for four passengers.
The quartet proved to be Colonel
Dick, Captains Mason and McKittrick
(the latter Shafter'a California son-in
law appointed from civil life) and Dr.
Goodfellow. They are the bearers of
dispatches to McKinley and Alger. Os
tensibly their mission is to acquaint
the authorities with the true condition
of affairs in Santiago. They will show
that the "round robin" was written
with Shafter's knowledge, consent and
aid. That the state of the troops was
really desperate and that the object
of the combined appeal was to bring
speedy release and not to reflect upon
the War Department. That is only
one of their missions, and will serve
to satisfy Roosevelt and other officers
who are supposed to have incited re
sentment by talking too plainly.
Dick is a political leader in the Ohio
stalwart counsels, and it is safe to
say that he is charged with matters of
much more confidential and momentous
bearing.
The public has all alonf been led to
believe that Lee was intended to rep
resent American arms and diplomacy
in Cuba after the struggle. There has
been no definite promise and no
authorized announcement — just a sort
of general understanding, but it is a
misunderstanding. Shafter has been
the administration candidate from the
very start, and his assuming the re
sponsibility of complaints construed
into reflections upon Alger's manage
ment will not affect his title. It will
only serve to make him the head and
front of the offending and make it
easier for him to do all the explaining
properly and aid his popularity with
out injuring the administration. When
Dick leaves Washington again the
whole question probably will have been
settled, the patronage decided and
other little private matters arranged
which could not well be trusted to mail
or cable.
What will become of Lee is another
question. He had his own place as
Consul General on plain or practical
American lines without regard to
party, and when placed in command of
the large camp at Jacksonville proved
himsolf equally capable.
The sanitary arrangements are per
fect and the rules strictly enforced.
The city is guarded against disorderly
invasion. The sick are cared for at
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hot Weather
Takes your strength. You lose your ap-
petite, feel dull and weak and every
movement is an effort. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla will help you. It will tone your
stomach, create an appetite and roust?
and strengthen your digestive powers.
Try a bottle. It will brace you up won-
derfully. : ;• :
Hood's Sapsa-
nUUQ-.o papilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six
for $5. Prepared only by C. I. Hood &
Co., % Lowell, -Mass.' :
HOOD'S riLI.S ar« the favorlto cathartic. 250
Pug Noses, Hump, Flat, -. Broken, 111-shaped
Noses made. to harmonize with the other feat-
ures./ Operations- painless. If Consultation free.
Charges moderate. : - Dermatologist . JOHN' H.
"WOODBrRY, 127 Went Forty-second at., New
York. Send for illustrated book.
hospital at a health resort some dis
tance away, and the men from all over
the country are devoted to their leader.
He has made no mistake of word or
deed, and it will be very hard for the
administration to shelve him. Even
Bryan's presence in the camp has not
produced complications or dimmed
Lee's leadership.
The plan may be to give Lee a position
in Havana with Shafter in general con
trol ,and then there may be another
story. In the meantime the various
commands assigned to Lee have fought
off being detached for any sort of duty.
They all expect that he and they will
be sent to Cuba within the next three
weeks and they will all go with him,
fever or no fever.
LEE TO COMMAND THE
GARRISONS IN CUBA
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Major General Fitzhugh Lee
has been ordered from Jacksonville to
Washington. I am informed that he
will be made one of the military com
missioners of Cuba. I am informed,
moreover, that he will be in command
of the garrison of the Department of
Cuba, with troops ' to be designated
later, and will be sent to Cuba as soon
as sanitary conditions permit.
EXCESSES AND OVER-
INDULGENCE THE TRUE CAUSE
* - ■ •■
Many a man has lost complete control over himself and has gotten down to the
lowest depths by his own excesses and overindulgence. The excesses of the young,
foolish boy have often led to serious dissipations. You may rely on it that he who riots
in excesses is sure to. become debilitated. If you misuse your stomach,. if you misuse
your brain, if you misuse your strength you are sure to decline. To those ~ persons who
have declined, a secret recovery is guaranteed to them. If only the doctors who created
this discovery guaranteed a cure you would be justified in doubting their, word, but the
guarantee that is given to you is backed by 10,000 men. Backing a guarantee with
10,000 men is a new way of giving surety. Now these 10,000 men are saying to you
that they have been cured by the doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute with the
remedial agent known as the great HUDYAN.
Brings Back Vim, Vigor, Energy to men who have wasted their strength in dissipation, in abuse. The
man who abuses his strength, who wrecks his manhood by those evil habits must certainly suffer. A
certain and speedy cure is offered to such men.
HUDYAN cures Ringing in the Ears, Facial Nervous Twitchings, Premature - Weakness. HUDYAN
••• cures Hydrocele, Spermatorrhoea and the Decline and Disabilities of Men. HUDYAN is a remedy
treatment and can be had only from the Hudson Medical Doctors. No one else has HUDYAN. Prosta-
titis is a disorder that should, be attended as soon as the slightest touch ;of it is experienced. HUDYAN
cures Prostatitis and other like inflammations.
Hudyan Rem- Read these symptoms, and if you have many Hudyanßem- consult
edy Treatment of them you need the certain cure, the Great edy Treatment HUDSON
sometimes Hudyan Remedy Treatment. This remarkable is certain to norTOR <;
pures in 20 discovery.has made the name and the fortunes cuFeVarieoeeie
IJ a " of the Hudsonian doctors of the Hudson Medioal Write for Clp FREE -
days - Institute. 0 - ' culars - -
NERVOUS DEBILITY.' .Kvs^SftiJn: FAILING MANHOOD. nn b S t ma £| NERVOUS TWITCHINGS. ts n iiy' 5e5 et 8 m
SJSS o e ? c t r h S e y s a^p^ e s: FOl - nSu^^^ss^^^oVn^u^^^^ in a tremble, gets fitsof weakn-v^of
Do you feel weak? of the p y ni Ptoms: ; twltchings. Here are some of the symp-
Have you cold feet? Do your facial nerves twitch? Toms: L-. r . "■-
Have you backache? Are you, all run down? , . . , n vmir <>vps twitch'
Do you shun society? - Spots before your eyes? Do jour eves twncn . ,
Are you **"***«£, Do the muscles twitch?' Do your hands tremble?
Are you low-spirited? Have you pains in small of back? Do you feel shaky?
Are your eyes ■unken? Have ™*& X '&?*' ° f backbone? Can you walk without halting?
Do you have hot flashes? .  ii aye you P, alns in head? - °
Is your memory impaired? Have you shooting pains? Are you melancholy?
Have you no manly vigor? , ■:}.; , .Dow feel fatigued? . _ Do you have ringing in the ears?
go a^u' ohav0 have osic0 sick aI heada?h.? -. &*%?£« swim? Is your blood poor?
Is there nausea after eating? Do. your knees knock? . Are your eyes weak?
Do your hands or feet sweat? Does your hand tremble? Are your eyes bleary?
Has the brightness left your eyes? <> - Is there a ropy sediment in the water? n von _ v, P j,fi swim* . »
Do you feel that you are unfit to marry? £'° you suffer from night losses? , ■ uoes jour neaa swim?
■ If you are in this condition you should learn all about the Great Hudyan Remedy
Treatment. It is sure to '.cure. It cures as certainly as ,you use it No one else can
give you Hudyan but the doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute.
CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets.
PRESS OF PARIS
BELIEVES WAR IS
CLOSE AT HAND
Opinion General That Russia and
England Will Measure
Swords.
France Entertains the Idea That America Will
Lend Armed Support to Great
Britain.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Aug. 13.— As to the situation
in the far east, there is a tone of satis
faction noticeable in such papers as
comment upon this matter because
England has apparently received a
check. The trouble in the east is in
fact the dominant note in the French
press now that the Spanish-American
war is sinking into the background for
the time being. Most French papers
devote their leading articles to the
situation in China, and there is but one
opinion— namely, that Russia and Eng
land will measure swords before long.
Both countries are getting themselves
into positions whence it will be impos
sible for them to withdraw or go for
ward, and that means war.
The Soleil is one of the serious roy
alist papers here. Its leading article
on Thursday put French opinion in a
very decided form. This article is
headed "The Giant." Its subject is the
extraordinary growth of the United
States foreign commerce during the
year that closed July 1.
"This enormous increase over last
year," says the Soliel, "shows that war
has not prevented the expansion of the
United States. On the contrary this
war is only a prelude to the tragedy
that is going to be played upon the in
ternational stage, in which the United
States will have the principal role.
Spain is the first obstacle the United
States has encountered upon the road
to their development. They have swept
it away with as much ease as a cat
would kill a mouse. We believe the
ominous cloud that is moving across
from the Philippines seems about to
break in the far east."
In fact, most of the papers here ap
pear to think a conflict is inevitable.
Although not always openly expressed,
underlying most of the comment it is
plain there is an idea that the Eng
lish and the Americans will stand
shoulder to shoulder in any complica
tion that may arise in China.
IMPERIAL CUSTOMS
UNDER RUSSIAN CONTROL
LONDON, Aug. 13.— A special from
Shanghai, received here to-day, says:
The China Gazette states that the Rus
sian Government holds Li Hung
Chang's promise, made during his visit
to St. Petersburg, that China would
place the imperial customs under Rus
sian control whenever the interests of
the two countries demanded the
change.
Li Hung Chang is said to favor M.
Pavloff, the Russian Charge d'Affaires,
superseding Sir Robert Hart as inspec
tor general* of the Chinese customs.
Russians have obtained control of
large tracts of land along the route of
the proposed new Chwang Railroad.
ENEMY'S BATTERY
QUICKLY SILENCED
Spaniards Driven From Asomanta,
One American Being Killed
in the Fight.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— Adjutant
Corbin to-night received the following ca
blegram:
"PONCE, Aug. 13.— General Wilson re
ports Major Lancaster with Potts at 1:30
p. m., 12th inst.. quickly silenced enemy's
battery at Asomanta, near Aibonito, and
drove him from his position and rifle pits;
no infantry fire on our part. Lieutenant
John P. Haines, Fourth Artillery, struck
by stray Mauser bullet— not seriously. A
shell from enemy's gun burst just over
one of our pickets, killing Corporal Swan
sen; wounding Corporal Jenks, Company
L, Third Wisconsin, neck and arm; Pri
vate Vought, same company, seriously
wounded in abdomen; Private Coe, same
company, wounded in chest, seriously.
"MILES.
HOW TO DEAL WITH
THE INSURGENTS
Instructions Sent to the Governors
of Porto Bico and the Phil
ippines.
MADRID, Aug. 13.— The Government
to-night telegraphed to the Governors
General of Porto Bico and the Philip
ptnes instructions for carrying out the
terms of the protocol signed by the Uni
ted States and Spain, and to prepare for
evacuation. Instructions were also sent
covering the policy to be adopted in the
event of the Insurgents refusing to ob
serve the armistice.
Officers Who Are Tired of Soldiering.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— The follow
ing officers have resigned: W. X Nay
tor, Fourteenth Minnesota Infantry: Sec
ond Lieutenant E. D. Elston. Missouri
Infantry; Second Lieutenant W. C. Bai
ley, First Ohio Cavalry.CARLISTS ARE
READY TO RISE
Special Cable to Tbe Call and the Nevr York Herald. Copyrighted, ISOB,
by James Gordon Bennett. ■
MADRID, Aug. 13. — There seems to De much division in the
..Carlists' ranks. Some of them, such as Olazabal, says: "We are
not going to fight."
I have just had a conversation with the most prominent Carl
i'st in Madrid. From his previous statement that nothing in this
. world could prevent them fighting, he has now departed to the ex
tent of saying: "If the Carlists do not fight at this juncture they
will never fight again.''
'-. ■ "Does not your sentiment of patriotism prevent you causing
Spain the terrible disaster of another warP" I asked.
"On the contrary,'' he replied, cynically, "if we do not go forth
this time and save the honor of Spain; if we abandon her to the
. hands of those who have placed her in extremities we may con
y sider the Carlist party forever dead. It would be mere suicide.
... When will such another occasion ever present itselfP The Carlists
can dispose of many thousands of men and carry on a guerrilla war
'" fare until such time as the country comes over to its side.
"As regards the regular army, we are just in the same posi
tion as the insurgents were in Cuba, where 250,000 regulars could
not get the better of 8000 or 10,000 insurgents. If the Cubans
counted on the people of the island we Carlists count upon the sup
port of the whole north of Spain, part of Catalonia, Aragon la
Mancha and Old Castile. In short, you may state the Carlists are
ready to rise."
JUDGE BARHAM
CALLS MAGUIRE
TO ACCOUNT
Truth About the Pa
cific Railroad Bill.
THE TERMS OF SETTLEMENT
.WHOLE AMOUNT, PBINCIPAL
t '^.AND INTEREST, TO BE PAID.
"■"': '■':■
.;{«4 Simple Objection From Maguire
/■":.- ' :Wou]d Have Killed the Meas
;-. .: . . ure, but He Did Not
"■:.-:--•"■ , . ' • Object.
'. -Judge Barham, member of Congress
:;f-rc>ni..the: ;f-rc>ni..the First California District, came
■ "the- city yesterday from Santa Rosa j
a.hd -returned home last evening. He!
..was. delayed three hours by the wreck ;
.".of ; ;ii freight train near Petaluma, but!
; -wasin 'good form when he visited the ;
• ■:. headquarters of the State Republican
..; Oijnrhittee in the Palace Hotel.
,'•"■. \A-t -.the last session of Congress Judge
/riarriam was quite as successful in se
-■:curi-ng appropriations for the contin-
work on the Humboldt Bay
■ -improvement as Senator Perkins was in
■obtaining money for Oakland harbor
• \\ork: ■
'v ■ T'lv.-- representative of the First Dis
■itrtct' was recently surprised when he
[aguire's speech, in which ref- j
\.-«ence. was made to the Pacific Rail
.-'::,:roftd.settlement. When asked yester
. : da.y-to give the true version nl the
ogs in Congress, he replied:
: i- I-n order to understand any question we
. •'■inusjt' first' know the facts.
':■:■ lE&e facts which relate to the passage of
"'• the- Pacific Railroad bill I will state, and
••■••Flmil refer to the pages of the Congres
• ■".siohal Record for verification.
;-- ; -"The.'. Pacific Railroad bill, which was
■•■pn-Fscd at the last session of Congress,
.;was offered by Senator Morgan of Ala
•' b'amfl 'as an amendment to the general
..:?dfenctency bill (Cons- Rec. pa«e Tl'IM.
"■TV. prevent debate Senator Hale of
] '. iCaihe,- who had charge of the bill, re-
:'■",' "■'"-'. ADVFBTISEMENTS.
fREE HELP
.. \\ FOR SUFFERERS OF
CATARRH,
ASTHMA,
HAY FEVER,
.''.-. y
Bronchial and Lung Troubles.
ITiirpugh the generous offer of DR.
v ROUXBL, every reader of this
• .'paper may obtain this new scien-
: : tific- system of medicine that
'-:": cures, free, from August 15 to
; : / '.'September 1.
..■•■■. ■.. ■ —
■This "scientific treatment is indorsed by the
■.•■■tojJiinfC pharmacist of Denver, Colo., Dr. I*
r. •Macatiihan, Larimer st., Denver, Colo. ' Phy-
..;«i.-i^iis of national reputation could not re-
. J-U-'ve'\rny aEXhma. Finally I sought relief in
•-. traveling, from one resort to another. When
'._• I saw :1b the New York papers Doctor Kouxel's
■guarantee according to law. and reading of the
'. : Uoc.tQf -curing James Carey <.'. West . 42d St.,
f .New : York, I concluded to consult the doctor.
•■•.■For -the benefit or suffering humanity I make
.'.Mi?., "statement that two months' treatment
..- completely cured me. The treatment is won-
.."'■■ • MR. H. SULLENBEKGER,
'. ."■:■ •■■•. "• 124$ Mission at., San Francisco.
. -. :. Doctor* said 1 had chronic catarrh and
. nothing could cure me. DR. HO CX EL'S treat-
. : . merit relieved .IS if by magic. It seemed to
"- l?- r ' \S and BOOth the hot, dry parts Inside
, mjr; head ¥ an ' throat, opening the air passages
,- -cn -.thai : I can close my mouth and breathe
... freely. through my noso. It, every way I feel
•■•. ttiaj a- wondrous change has come over me.'
: : A: GUARANTEE ACCORDING TO LAW
; ;'.'i -.Dr. Rouxel. president of the Medical As-
• eocfatlo-n known as Doctor Rouxel and Asso-
"• Plated Physicians, do hereby make the follow-
: Ing .-b.ona fide proposition:
%';■■:■] $5000
• : \V!H' Be forfeited to any one to whom we can-
■;..nc>t' demonstrate that every case of catarrh
-. .-asfhrna. hay fever and bronchial troubles pro-
. 'nounced by us as curable would turn-out not
• to yield to our new scientific treatment".
READERS OF THIS PAPER BE WISE.
SAVE YOUR HEALTH,
SAVE YOUR MONEY.
.-'. " This system of medicine that cures free from
Augußt 15 till September 1. All patients ap-
' plying at DR. ROUXEL and Associated Phy-
sicians* Offices. 323 Kearny St.. dally from 10 to
. 4 and 7 to 8 p. m., Sundays from 10 to 12. will
'.be treated.' absolutely free and supplied with
all medicines. j
served the point of order (p. 72491. ami
it appearing to him that the deficiency
bill would be delayed by debate he in
sisted on his point of order (p. 7254),
which was sustained, and the railroad bill
was thus killed.
Senator White of California a few mo
ments later assured the Senate that no
debate (p. 7255) would follow If an
j amendment was agreed to which he
j would offer which had been agreed to by
j himself and colleague. Senator Perkins.
The bill as thus amended passed the
Senate by unanimous consent (p. 7255).
It could not pass in any other way.
The bill so passed came to the House.
As it came from the Senate I was op
posed to it. I saw Senators Perkins and
White and said the bill must be amend
!ed or I with many other Republicans
j would vote against it. While they did not
think my amendment necessary, yet they
said the Senate would accept the bill with
my amendment. Mr. Cannon of Illinois,
chairman on appropriations, had charge
of the bill In the House p. 74G5). and In
j order to get a vote in the House on my
I amendment it required unanimous con
, sent. I naturally sought Mr. Cannon
j first, but he declined to have it consid
i dered. and not until many members in
I the House and Senator Perkins and oth
ers had assured him of the certain defeat
of the bill unless my amendment was con
sented to did he yield and ask for unani
mous consent for a vote upon the bill
| with my amendment (pp. 7514, 7515).
The foregoing facts are necessary in
order that the matter be properly under
stood and considered.
In my judgment the bill settles the
question, and no further legislation is
necesssary.
As said by Senator Morgan: "Never
before has the Pacific Railroad question
been in such good shape. As it now
stands all necessity for further legisla
tion has passed." *i
The terms of the bill must be accepted
by the railroad or the mortgage will be
foreclosed. The bill provides for the pay
ment of all the principal and interest at
not less than 3 per cent— the whole
amount ($59,000,000) within ten years in
equal semi-annual installments. That in
the event of default in the payment of
either principal or interest or any part
thereof, then the whole sum and all in
stallments, principal and interest, shall
immediately become due and payable,
notwithstanding any other stipulation in
thr settlement.
The commission to effect this settlement !
is composed of the Secretary of the Treas- '
ury. the Secretary of the Interior and i
the Attorney General, and their acts must i
be approved by the President of the I nit
ed States.
I have full confidence in President Me- \
Kinley and his Secrt'tnrifs.
My amendment to the bill is as follows: i
"Provided, further. That unless the set
tlement herein authorized be perfected
within one year after the passage of this
act. the President of the T'nited States ;
shall at once proceed to foreclose all liens
now held by the T'nited States against
said railroad companies, and to collect '
the Indebtedness herein souerht to be set
tled, and nothing in this act contained
shall be held to waive or release any
ripht. lien or cause of action already held
by the Vnlted States."
Th<- terms of the settlement I believe to
be just and based upon common-spnse
and business principles. I have read Mr.
Maguire's speech as published August
10. The bill passed the Senate by unanl- i
mons consent, as above stated. Any one i
in the Senate could have killed the
amendment to the bill by Baying "I ob-
Ject**— this being a rule In the Senate at i
that stage of any bill.
In tho House, but for mv amendment,
the bill would have been defeated. Any
member of the House could have killed
my amendment by saying 1 "I object."
Mr. Mapuire ppnke against the bill as
it came from the Senate; but whpn unan
imous consent was asked to vote upon
the bill with my amendment, there was
no objection.
Mr. Magulre wa? present and might
have offered the objection. He or any
<"»ne else could have prevented the vote
being taken by simply saying "I object."
Mr. Mnguire did not, nor did ,mv one,
use these two words, which would have
defeated my amendment, and this would
have resulted in defeating the bill.
I have much confidence in the fidelity
of Mr. Maguire upon this subject: but.
for some reason, which he will doubtless
explain, he now makes vigorous objec
tion to my action, which he failed to
make when it would have been effective.
Everybody knew, at least everybod
who knew what was going on in th
House knew, that unless my amendmen
was adopted from twenty to twent>
five Rebuplicans would vote with m
against the bill.
Mr. Maguire says "That fßarham's
vote alone lost us the vote of the wea
Republicans, who were looking to the Ca
ifornia Republicans for guidance in th
matter, and his ißarham's) vote alon
cost us enough Republican support from
other States to make the passage of th
measure possible."
Mr. Maguire knew perfectly well tha
unless my amendment was consented to
that I would vote ngalnst the bill, and
there were at least twenty other Repub
licans* who would also have voted apainst
the bill, and it would have been defeated.
He will probably explain why he did' not
say "I object," find kill my amendment
and thus defeat the whole bill.
I think the bill, as perfected by my
amendment, was a Just, reasonable and
business-like disposition of the question.
I am somewhat surprised at one state
ment Mr. Maguire makes. . He says: "By
the acceptance of the terfns of the act
all of the collateral obligations of all of
these people to the Government would be
wiped out forever."
I know that in the excitement of a
speech, made under the circumstances
that Mr. liaguire made that speech, a
person Is sometimes led to say things
he would not deliberately say. Any one
who wtli read my amendment will Bee
at once that the statement above quoted
is not supported by the facts, for the
amendment on that subject expressly pro
vides, "Nothing In this act shall waive
or release any right, lien, or cause of ac
tion, already held by the T'nlted States."
I submitted my amendment, containing
the above quotation, to Mr. Maguire. and,
at his suggestion, the word "right."
which is found therein, was put In. The
sole, object of this part of the amend
ment was to save to the Government ;
all obligations held by it, and the act so i
expressly provides. If it does not save all ■
obligations to the Government It was his ,
fault as much as mine.
I think all rights, liens and causes of
action are preserved.
I am perfectly satisfied, upon the »ec
ord and the facts, to submit the matter ;
for the judgment of the people.
Heikes Outshoots Gilbert.
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— R. C. Heikes of
Dayton, Ohio, won the championship of
America at the trap-shooting to-day, his
competitor beinp E red Gilbert of Spirit
Lake, lowa. The shooting was at clay
pigeons. Heikes scored 140, against 137
for Gilbert, out of a possible 150.
Gold From England.
NEW YORK, Auk. 13.— The Cunard
steamer Campania, from Liverpool, which
arrived yesterday, brought $1,200,000 In
gold, consigned to Lazard Frerca.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1398.
HIT BY A SHOT
FROM THE CASTLE
Cruiser San Francisco
Damaged.
! TREATED TO A SURPRISE
HAVANA BATTERIES OPEN ON
THE BLOCKADERS.
; Before the Flagship Can Get Out of
Range a Shell From Sullen
Morro Tears a Hole
in Her Stern.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., Aug. 13.— The flag
ship San Francisco, the monitor Mian
tonomoh and the auxiliary yacht Silvia
were fired upon by the Havana batter
ies shortly before 5 o'clock yesterday
morning. One ten or twelve inch shell
struck the San Francisco's stern as she
turned to get away out of range, and
tore a hole about a foot in diameter,
completely wrecking Commodore How
ell's quarters and smashing his book
case into fragments. Nobody was in
jured, and, being under orders not to
attack the batteries, the ships retreat
ed as fast as their engines would carry
them.
The flagship and the Silvia lay par
allel to each other, not more than a
mile from Morro Castle, and separated
from each other by a distance of be
tween three-eighths and a quarter of a
mile. The Miantonomoh lay about
three-quarters of a mile to the rear of
the others. All were within range of
the Spanish batteries and the tempta
tion was too strong for the Spaniards
to resist. The first glimmer of dawn
was breaking through the eastern skies
when the lookout on the flagship saw a
jet of smoke puff from one of Morro's
big guns. Almost before he could pull
himself together sufficiently to make a
report of the incident ten and twelve
inch shells were screaming all around.
The Spaniards had the range and ap
parently were grimly in earnest in
their last efforts to wreak injury on
their too mighty enemy. Shells fell be
tween the San Francisco and the Sil
via: some fell short; a few went over
them. The flagship signaled the Silvia
to get out of range without delay, and
both ships swung around and made for
the sea.
It was then that the shell struck th«
San Francisco's stern. Commodore
Howell was on deck with Captain
Leary when the shell struck. Witu
the utmost speed the fleet moved out
about three mile:;. Here the men on
the flagship patched up the ragged
hole in the vessel's stern.
All the shells fired at the vessel fell
around the ships. One of the Silvia's
men stood calmly on the deck of the
yacht, watch in hand, and counted
them. Morro Castle fired several of
the missiles, but how many is not
known. The others came from two
sand batteries near Morro.
The firing lasted twenty minutes.
The one-sided engagement had
scarcely ended when the men of the
Silvia were treated to another sur
prise. The little yacht gunboat is
manned by the New York naval militia.
Her crew had barely recovered from
the excitement when the flagship called
the vessel over and Captain Bellers
was given a packet of private docu
ments which he was ordered to take
into Havana under a flag of truce. The
white flag was hoisted over the Silvia
and she steamed toward the guns
which had just given her such a noisy
greeting. As the Silria approached to
within a mile of Morro the character
of the flag floating from her foremast
was discerned and the castle signaled:
"What Is your purpose?"
To this the Silvia answered:
"We have papers to deliver."
Morro did not resume the conversa
tion and for some little time the gun
boat rocked on the waters aim'bst under
the still smoking cannon of the enemy.
Presently, however, a Spanish gunboat
drew cut of the harbor and came close
to the Silvia. It was the Martin y
Pinzon and carried a much stronger
battery than the American ship.
The customary formal salutations
were exchanged and Lieutenant Wil
liam Q. Ford, the executive officer of
the Silvia, boarded the Pinzon and de
livered the documents. The ceremony
occupied no more time than the phy
picpl act involved. The American of
ficer returned to his ship and the ves
sels went on their respective ways.
REPORTED DEATH OF THE
SULTAN OF MOROCCO
Mulai Ab El Aziz Passes Away After
a H-eign of Fourteen
Years.
GIBRALTAR, Aug. 13.— 1t is reported
that the Sultan of Morocco is dead.
The Sultan Mulai Ab El Aziz, known
| to his subjects under the title of '"Emir
Al Mumenln," or "Prince of True Be
lievers," succeeded his father, Mulai
Hassan, on June 7, 1884. He was the
i fifteenth in the dynasty of the Alider,
'■ founded by Mulai Achaet, and the
j thirty-sixth lineal descendant of AH,
! uncle and son-in-law of the prophet.
Each Sultan of Morocco is supposed to
indicate the member of Sheriflan fam-
I HYi who, according to his conscien
tious belief, will replace him. This suc
cession is, however, elective, and all
! members of the Sheriflan family are
! eligible. Generally the deceased Sul
j tan's nominee is elected by public ac
' clamation at noonday prayers on the
I Friday after the Sultan's death, as the
] nominee is probably in possession of
the imperial treasure and is supported
by the black bodyguard from among
j whom the large majority of the court
I officials are selected.
WRECKED BY A BOLT
PLACED ON A TRACK
Freight Engine Goes Over an Em
bankment to the Beach Near
ElUcott Station.
WATSONVILLE, Aug. 13.— Freight
train No. 73 on the Santa Cruz division of
the Southern Pacific was wrecked this af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock near Elllcott sta
tion, six miles from here. The engine was
hurled over an embankment to the
beach, fifty feet below. One freight car
telescoped the tende' . which remained
on the track, and another car was
wrecked. About 2W feet of track was bad
ly torn up. Jones, the engineer, and Har
ry Lewis, the fireman, Jumped from the
engine just before she flew over the em
bankment. Jones is severely bruised and
Lewis has his shoulder blade broken and
is probably injured internally.
The wreck was caused, it is believed, by
a good-sized bolt which had been placed
on the track. Suspicion rests on two
youngr men who had been evicted from a
passenger train shortly before. If a pas
senger train had struck this bolt on the
track the whole train would have gone
over the cliff into the bay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
||t| . /-t |J Many manufacturers
r|^§^l Wh^lt LOUiCI will overbuy. Conditions
W^^^^M^ arise that make the out-
nAf^^^^^^^^^^^\ fy^^^sjf?77fs± «-|« /x Bji /\/\-jj» -piutsthort/ oj e^cpectatiiiOns,
W^f Man HE HAD
/I I 'iff \ \/ ll^B^^f^P^ 77 ! ¥\ TA IT\Tf AiTk I
P^^2 \ nrrf^ i^i'«r^/tev lfl== r 111 1 8 ! 1 4 1 i '
V 1 \ ill/ /\-— —l -^Im^t^wS L/vr vllliviTl/ §
flf» Lfl^^^^^^^i For brand new fall styles
— __ — _ . ___
W^IS d^lM ® ur Window
m»^7 Has Hadl Maey
yf^W^^^ Attractions,
/ 1^ lT \ °\\\ \ i a ' » I ss^*" a ?/ '^ never has any equaled the dis-
\ x/L I ° \/ /if ' I^3 * P^^ o/ 1 Suits and Overcoats now
\ /V'Hr^* 3^^ //^i L <= '^^i shown at this price.
\m I - K/wV^^r Those that appreciate true tailor-
T(j ) Lpy /ji I \^J ing, those that know what high- class
L \ iSJ//■ / 1 I 11 \ garments should be, will appreciate
A r /// '-f \ —^^^wi^i^ es<? values, ■
"- '- m , iBS We s^ell s*<s We Riiv —
V,V '', ANfi-'VA \ IriVilflHl TT W V/vll Cl^ TT W LIU j
SBIF \f\ I ,^^^% 1 Hliifi Don't care what the -manufacturer's
■jP \ / \ \ " r<-P " j ii 1 mlr For these Suits and Overcoats we
These are da>/s when money talks and l^BtJy V^^'^Jfl'liiy^ fV''—^^^WKKS!
values take a tumble. Yes, the cloth must Wsvs7\ j^\ fiir /^^^^^
have cost the manufacturer $10 or $12; l§iif*# 1 T - y " \ (l f ( >S«^!
\ they're new fall Suits, new fa' l Overcoats, in \iyvr I ' * \ < r^^ \\ T^^Pl
blue and black serges, also fancy mixtures. 1| f^-zL^ L „ "^\i/-f /l^ m ill
Now's your opportunity. Monday at • '\a \ y fi^\ \ 'Ml J / JM I
Just Thiinlk of It ! ' .^lTTfefii \ K^>
man's Suit, good enough for any one to G^ ill r~^* \ \ v^\^^
wear, in blue and black cheviots and pretty / . 1 \,
overp'aids. / \ I \ \
Here's a clean-up for some one. / \ \ I X
These suits Monday at -------- W . 11l
ft> © f^ £\ / I J) I I
SEBGE SUITS. NOVELTIES FOB
WE HAVE EM.. mtmmtamm m m im KE ARIW ST. CHILDREN.
PALMA ON THE
CUBAN SITUATION
Wants of the Islanders
Will Be Few.
STARVING NEED SUPPLIES
AMERICAN REFORMS TO BE
GIVEN HEARTY SUPPORT.
This Government Will Be Urged to
Cause the Liberation of Politi
cal Prisoners in Spanish
Dungeons.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— The Times
this morning prints the following: Gen
eral Thomas Estrada Palma, delegate
at-large of the Cuban republic, talk
ing of the peace protocol and the steps
that would be taken by the Cuban
Government, said:
"The first thing to be done by the
Cuban patriots in America after the
blockade has been raised will be to
send relief to the surviving Cubans in
the field.
"Another thing that will be looked
after will be to try and Becure the re
lease of those Cubans who have been
deported from Cuba and sent to Span
ish penal settlements. I shall urge
that the Washington authorities Secure
the release of these prisoners.
"As far as the present government of
Cuba is concerned the leading men of
the republic, from President Masso
down, have implicit confidence in the
declaration that the United States
Government went to war, not for the
acquisition of Cuba, but to free the
island for the Cubans. It may be that
in years to come the Cubans may, of
their own volition, request this country
to annex Cuba, but that is not for the
present. Whether the present govern
ment of Cuba will be recognized now
Is no matter. The Cubans do not wish
to embarrass the "Washington authori
ties and have no doubt that whatever
is for the best will be done.
"But no matter in what way the
American Government goes about it, it
will always find the native Cubans not
only willing, but anxious to help the
Americans in the solution of the prob
lem."
PALMA SUSPENDS HOSTILITIES
Cuban Soldiers Ordered to Lay Down
Their Arms at Once.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— Senor Pal
rna, the head of the Cuban Junta, has
sent the following cable by way of San
tiago:
Bartolomo Masso, President Cuban Re
public, Santiago. Cuba: I have this 13th
clay of August, ISPS, accepted, in the name
of "the Cuban Provisional Government,
the armistice proclaimed by the United
States. You should give immediate or
ders to the army throughout Cuba sus
pending hostilities. The preliminary
terms of peace signed by representatives
of Spain and the United States provide
that Spain will relinquish all claim over
and title to Cuba.
Coal Miners' strike Ends.
DENVER. Aug. 13.— The Northern Colo
rado Coal Miners' strike, in which about
1200 miners were engaged, is at an end,
the miners having accepted the Northern
I Coal Company's offer of 25 cents a ton,
■ mine rule. Both sides claim a victory.
PRISON DIRECTORS MEET.
San Quentin Prisoners Paroled — The
Jute Industry.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Aug. 13.— The
monthly meet 5 of the Board of Prison
Directors was held here to-day.
The Jute report showed 2,749,000 bags on
hand and 1.700.560 bags sold since Janu-
ary 1. The number of bags on hand avail
able for sale is 2,513.000. There are also
6805 bales of raw jute on hand, sufficient
to run mill until May 15. 1899.
Joseph Saunders, manslaughter, from
Flumas; George B. Smith, manslaughter,
Nevada; Dr. N. A. Schorn, manslaughter,
Glenn County, and H. Grady, burglary,
San Francisco, were paroled. J. H.
Palmer of Sacramento was granted a
parole, to take effect on Janury 1, 1899.
The next meeting of the board will be
held in Folsom.
WITH tfULL MILITARY HONORS.
Arrangements for Admiral Kirk
land's Funeral To-Day.
VAL.LEJO. Aug. 13.— T0-morrow after
noon the funeral of the late Admiral
Kirkland will take place at Mare Island
Navy Yard. He will receive full military
honors. Officers, marines and sailors will
Ibe in attendance. The prayers of the
Catholic church will be said over the re
mains, after which the casket will be de
posited in a vault until the middle of next
week, when the body will be shipped to
! Brooklyn, N. V., for interment. All offl
; cers not required for duty will attend
I Special dress uniform will be worn, ex-
I cept in case of retired and acting officers
I who will be governed by the circular is
sued by the Secretary of the Navy.
Postoffices and Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— A postoffice
was to-day established at Rosewood, Te
hama County, Cal. Henry F. Stivers was
appointed postmaster.
Pensions for California: Original-
Alexis Adams, Arroyo Grande, $6; Wash
ington L. Sibley, Napa, $6. Original wid
ows, etc.— Abbtfi E. Brainerd, Loa An-
I gelea, IS.
HUMMERS
...For— '
Our Cute Tots
The prettiest Middies your
eyes ever gazed upon, in fancy
Scotches, in blue navy cloth,
elegantly braided and trim-
med. Why, the cloth cost more
than double the price, not alone
the trimmings. New fall goods,
remember, extraordinary val-
ues. Ages 3to 10 years.
Monday at
$2.98.
4 ~k ie
MILITARY MIDDIES.
Talk about something real
swell? Look at this cut. See
that double-breasted vest with
military buttons? It's red Ve-
netian cloth, also blue serge
vest to match the coat ; the hand-
somest blue serge suits, tailored
very richly, embroidered in
colors, a $10 value, ages 3
to 10.
. Monday at
' $4.95.
Oregon: Original widows, etc.— Julia H.
Snover, Cleone, $8.
Washington: Original— Clayton Troth,
Centralia, $6; Justus O. Rackwell, Seat
tle, $6.
Pioneer Henry Dies at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 13.— John Henry,
who came to California in 1546. died here
to-day. He was a native of New Jersey,
aged ?0 years.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t «S FA/(.
yx * 9 - . .
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his " new
and original system of treatment.
It IT I*T' l X cured by his new iriethod,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a -painless, sure and permanent
cure. VARIi'OI KI-E. hydrocele.
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated witii unfailing success. Contn.
diontblood poison in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system, ■ l^adles* will receive special
attention for T their many ailments.
WRITF, i/ you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide, to Health,"
free of charge. Address ;F. L,
SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street, San
Francisco. CaL , .
34
DUBLIN'S GRIST
OF MAYORALTY
CANDIDATES
Municipal Campaign
Already Begun.
ASPIRANTS IN THE FIELD
. SIR ROBERT SEXTON TO RUN AS
A UNIONIST.
An Englishman Who Seeks to Win
.Votes by Pretending Sympa
thy With. Nationalist
Aims and Objects.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
. DUBLIN. Ju!y 80.— Dublin is getting
■ on of the may
:
vas refused to Charies Stew
araell in 1582 by the casting-
r Un-
q allowed to sit in the
the Irish capital. N t
would be felt by the
Ing Tories
eenpying that position
me rule < i I
be made of ihe circum
.. ■ moment a Un
i'jrd Mayor got into the Mansion House
; ery ' one knows that the first thing |
? would do would be to invite the j
rd lieutenant to a banquet and have ■
oyalist" speeches delivered as of old; j
' id knowing all that and knowing
oreover, that such incidents would at j
ice be interpreted in England as a
gn that the Irish people were aban- j
raing'the home rule cause, the ma
rity of- the Nationalists are deter
ined that the first. Lord Mayor elected!
■lor Dubdin in the extended franchise —
• for, though actually chosen by the cor
poration,, he .will virtually be elected
at the municipal polls— shall not be a j
Unionist: Sir Robert Sexton, however,
■an Englishman who i las been settled j
••.for a leng time in Dublin as a mer
chant tailor and has been for many
years one of the leaders of the Un
ionist party in the Irish capital, has i
had the ■ courage to come forward as j
a Unionist candidate for the mayoralty, j
and around him j there is just now be
ginning to rage a pretty fierce battle, j
which, no doubt, will continue to be
fought with
: bit
-. the
d by the
Of course. Sir Robert Sexton could j ;
not hope for success if he lad to rely
• for it on his own party alone. Per
sonally, he is an insignificant, though
.highly respectable, little man without
much brains, while, politically, he be
"longs to a section which counts only
ten or eleven out of the sixty members
'of the present" corporation, and which
• may possibly not have even half that
number in the reformed corporal:
"'But he has been put forward by a mi
' nority of the Nationalist members and
.jt is those members and their sup
.porters with whom the Nationalist
• majority are really fighting. Th leader
■ of this section is Alderman Pile, the
.' present High Sheriff of Dublin; he is
.not only its leader, but almost its sole
brains carrier. He is a Parnellite home
ruler, but he has always, it is said,
. i -ted a good deal with the Unionists,
and he is now throwing himself heart
and soul into the present contest. The
. division in the Nationalist ranks in the
corporation is not new. It has existed
for some. years and has been aggra
vated a good deal, by personal quarrels
over other matters altogether; and. if
r' the whole truth were told. I fancy that
? it would be seen that the proposal to
I elect a Tory Lord Mayor for next year
7 is but the latest development of what
? may be called the Pileite movement of
I the last half dozen* year.". To my
thinking, that proposal was not.a very
skillful device;, for it has led to the issue
being narrowed down to the question
whether Dublin Is 'to have a Tory or
a Nationalist for Lord Mayor next
year, and to that question there can
hardly be a doubt as to the reply
which, will be given. So clear is Sir
Robert Sexton himself as to the over
. .vh-elming strength of- Nationalism in
- this city that he is actually pretending
to have himself- a sympathy, with Na
tionalist aims and objects. The last
thing he has done is to express regret
that he missed being: in time to vote at
the last meeting of the corporation for
. a errant of a site for the monument to
: Wolfe Tone. But it is doubtful if he
has done himself any good whatever by
.'•- this device to catch Nationalist votes.
Many in hi? own party are anything
but pleased with it.
An obscure local body in the -County !
of Westmeath" has -this week lifted it- t
self into such prominence that It has {
• been the -talk of the three kingdoms. It
has come about in this way: A week
or two since John P. Hayden, M. P. for ;
South Roscommon, made a speech in
- the House of Common? 6n the question
of the exclusion of the clergy of all de
nominations from the new local bodies
to be created under the local govern
ment bill. Mr. Hayden; though a Cath
olic . himself and a brother- of two
priests (both in the United States),
' spoke strongly and boldly In favor of}
•the exclusion. Mr. Harder., though the
representative of th.-- ..County of Ros
ccrnm'oii, 'lives in Mullingar, the county
town of the adjoining county of West
meath. where he owns a newspaper.
Immediately after he had spoken in ;
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;^;  .
Sb"o~crcroo o o o"o~ocro"o 000000000 o o oo < o o
1 1 71 SAVE YOUR TEETH. fX
O 1 JBfl Hare them Treated, Filled, Crowned or kx- M iWIJBo
O traded Without Pain at HALF" the • O
' usual cost. -.■'■  0
o ; -•-•• ■- lo
O PLATES, WARRANTED TO FIT, with Free Extraction, from $4.50 : Q
,-t GOLD FILLINGS from 75c q
Z. BRIDGEKORK A SPECIALTY (PER TOOTH), FROM r $3.50 o
O _— — : !! — —————————— w
* TEETH EXTRACTED WITHOUT PAlN J£fe«,rm r|
0 ALL WORK WARRANTED. f . _. M
O OPEN EVENINGS. SUNDAYS TILL 2. ~s : : o
q t y^ : | T. S. HIGGINS, D:D.S., > '^ °
If at METROPOLITAN OENTAL PARLORS, iTii
aWL i^l^^^ 927 /VIMRK-ET STREET, ; p| ■ /^ B{J
O Over Cafe Zinkand. ; Fifth Floors-Elevator. ■S^^^? : | q
ob O O v O O O OO v 00.0.0.0 °° ° v O ° :P-^^O J^gLgJ?.JCLgLOJg-Q.
Parliament the Mulligan Board .„ of. ]
Guardians, the great majority of which
are anti-Parnellites, determined to pun- I
ish the Parnellite newspaper proprietor j
and Parnellite U. P., who had the. cour- j
age to give candid utterance to his j
views at Westminster on an important
question of j? s ubllc policy. Two of th.' ]
majority give notice of a resolution
condemning as "vile and . anti-clerical"
the speech of Mr. Harden,' and express- I
ing toe intention to keep his reporters
out of the board room during the meet- \
ings of the board, and to deprive his
newspaper of the board's advertise
ments. It was a continuation of a per- >
secution to "which Mr.-HaydcA has been
subjected .for ten -or twelve years,: be- i
cause of a; difference of opinion between i
himself" and' the Bishop (Dr. ,Xulty) on
the question of -a water supply for the
town of Mulligan, and it was no doubt
thought a good stroke to seize the oc
casion presented by the Westminster I
speech to which I have referred for
bringing Mr. Harden to his knees. But
the too zealous advocates of the clergy '
in Mulligan overreached themselves. ,
In the first place, the resolution which i
the Mulligan board was to have passed i
in reference to Mr. Haj len "was voted
in th House of Lords on the very
evening when the question of admit- i
ting the clergy to the new councils was •
raised in that assembly in connection !
with the local government bill, with
the result that the Government, which
had been wavering on the point, stuck
to its guns and that the House. of Lords
supported it in keeping lit the clergy.
But this was not: all. The matter was
next brought before the House of Com- j
mons as a question of privilege. Every
one who spoke condemned the intoler
ant resolution of the- Mulligan board.
including Mr. Davitt, who, though an
anti-Painellite himself, denounced it j
sharply; and in the result it was voted ;
a breach of privilege, a plain intimation j
being at the same time given that if j
the resolution ■:•- passed and acted |
upon its authors and those who voted
for it would be brought to the bar of
the House of Commons and Imprisoned j
in the Clock Tower. The sequel is a
miserable story of funk and retreat.
The day before yesterday, at a meeting
of the Mulligan board, the boycotting
resolution was withdrawn by its chief
promoter, who persisted in running
away, despite- all "sorts of taunts to
stand firm. It remains to be seen, how
ever, whether what was threatened
will not yet be accomplished. In the
meantime* most, persons of all politics |
(I fancy) are glad that Mr. Harden
has for the "time triumphed. He is
known to be a thoroughly honest poli- i
tician. In the days of coercion he was. j
though a very young man, four or five ;
times in prison for maintaining the lib- !
erty of the press, as well as the right of
the people, to combine against the land
lords. Apart from politics he is the ob
ject of the highest esteem and the
warmest regard to a large circle' of j
friends. His-- fellow journalists in Ire- j
land have given a marked proof of the j
opinion in which they hold him as a j
member of the journalistic . profession
by unanimously' electing him president \
of the Irish District of the Institute of
Journalists. There is no doubt that
John Hayden is a coming man.
Since I wrote a week ago the most
notable demonstration which has taken j
place in memory of the- "men of 'S3"
has been that-in-Carlow.. In thai town
a hundred years ago 640 "united Irish
men" were massacred in the streets,
while Just outside the town the man- |
gled and bleeding bodies were all i
buried together in one' huge grave j
which . was nicknamed "the Croppy I
Hole," "'croppies'- being the name given j
to the insurgents. ' Some - years ago |
the spot was inclosed: with a failing, j
and on Sunday there was erected with
in the inclosure a beautiful Celtic cross
in memory of the martyred dead. -The
assemblage on the occasion was an im
mense one, and all. the Nationalist par
ties sent representatives. It is need
less to add that the enthusiasm was
intense and that the speeches \tere
pretty outspoken deliverances. All this
w.as to be expected, especially in t Car
low, for the district, of which that town
was the center, was one of those which,
suffered most at the hands of the Brit
ish soldiers in black 'S3. Horror was
piled on horror there, first in inciting
to and then in putting down the in
surrection. Houses burned, brutal sol
diers living at free quarters, women
ravished and men murdered — are
the things about "98 which have im
pressed themselves ineffaceably on the
mind of every Catholic in the counties
of Kildare, Queens and Carlow. The
result is only natural. Nine-tenths of
the population of that whole district
would shake off the British yoke al
together to-day if they could, and that
is what it was Intended to express by
the meeting of Sunday last at "Croppy
Hole."
An Irish writer of really brilliant tal
i ents has Just passed away in the per
son of Richard Dowling. Twenty
seven or twenty-eight years ago I met
him first as a colleague in the Nation
office. He came from Waterford, from
which town also another writer in the
same office had come a short time be
fore in the person of Mr. Thomas Sex
ton, who afterward built up so great
a reputation for himself as a Parlia
mentary orator. Though they were
little more than boys at the time, they
were set by the late A. M. Sullivan
and his brother, Mr. T. D. Sullivan,
M. P.. to very important editorial
work; but Dov.line. being more-. of a
litterateur "than a politician and his in
clination for. humorous writing, being
very marked, he was soon made one of
{ the chief contributors to a humorous
weekly called Zozimus, which the
Messrs. Sullivan had just started in ad
; dition to their other papers. To Zo
i zimus he contributed a series of papers
that spilt the sides with laughter, and
; afterward constituted in their collected
form his first book under- the title of
"Babies and Ladders." After a few
years • Richard Dov.line migrated to
I London, where he soon" became known
as one of the most promising novelists
of the day by his "Mystery of ,Killard"
• and other books. .Unfortunately, his
\ health some time ago broke down, and
yesterday he died in hi? flfiy-rthir
! "at hip residence in Tooting before he
! had time to accomplish all that he was
i capable of in the field of literary -cre
ation. . I may, mention that, besides
< Dowling and Sexton, ;. Waterford, pro
i duced at about the same' time' another
i man of exceptional tajehts; .who was
; intimate with both— l mean Mr. Ed
i mond Leamy, ex-member of Parlia
ment, who is" not only a brilliant orator,
■ but a novelist and a poet of no mean
der as well.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
CROPPY HOLE, CARLOW, THE SCENE OF SUNDAY'S MEETING.
CUBAN ARMIES
MUST DISBAND
Fighting at an End on
the Island.
WARNING WILL BE ISSUED
THOSE WHO DISOBEY WILL BE
TBrEATED AS RIOTERS.
President McKinley's Plan for Deal
ing With Delicate Situations
in Territory Wrested
From Spain.
Jal I>!s7*tch to The Cail.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: I am informed that the
President will ama
tion of warning against ■ riotous
or disorderly conduct in Cuba and
Porto Rico and that I - the
Philippines under the jurisdiction of
United States martial law. Upon this
basis, therefore, will rest for the pres
ent the proper policing of the territory
mentioned. ' it will, moreT>v»r, enable
the officers in command, especially in
Cuba, to deal with a situation which
may possibly offer some delicate com
plication?, for an interesting specula
tion has arisen among some officiate
here as to what will be now the prob
able course of the insurgents undei
Generals Garcia and Gomez.
General Garcia a few days ago oc
cupied Port Gibara on the north coast
of Cuba and is now moving on Hol
guin.
When asked to-night if the insur
gents would continue their active oper
ations in the field a distinguished of
ficial said to me that as the Spanish
forces would under the terms of the
protocol cease hostilities there would
be nobody for the insurgents to fight
and opposition to them would fall ol
its own weight. This official stated
moreover, that hr felt assured thai
General Shafter would immediatelj
upon the receipt of the cable dispatcl
sent him yesterday communicate
with both General Garcia and Genera.
■ Gomez and that he had no doubt both
• commanders would act agreeablj
with the situation.
Captain Johnson of the Second .Cav
alry is now with General Gomez witt
troops of his regiment and will doubt'
;-.n effective medium thr-'UtrJ
which General Shafter may communi
cate with General Gomez.
MORALES SAID TO BE
MAKING FOR MEXICO
Beaten by Government Forces in
Guatemala and Abandoned by
Mexican Auxiliaries. .
Special Cabie to The Call and the New York
Heralds .-Copyrighted; IK'S, by JaYAes Gor
don Bennett. :' v "
PANAMA, Colombia. Aug. 13.— Her
ald correspondent" in Guatemala cables
that- a . Government- bulletin states that
Morales was defeated at.Malacatau Tues
day and he is.now in flight. The Govern
ment forces under ■ General Garcia Leon
retook Ocos two days ago.--Jos# Maria :
Granados, one of the rebel chiefs, is now
a refugee on board the . British warship-
Leander. He states that Morales' Mexi
can auxiliaries abandoned him" because
Guatemalan chief* were, put - aver them.
Morales is said to be making for. Mexican
territory. _ -
ENGLAND SCOOPS TWO
GROUPS OF ISLANDS
British Flag Hoisted in the South
Pacific — Germany Anxious to
Annex Samoa.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 13.— Mail ad
vices received here say mat the British
-warship* Mohawk has 7 raised trie British
flag over the Santa Cruz and Duff islands
and taken formal possession of. them.
The islands are in a remote part of the
South Pacific. The Santa Cruz group has
seven large islands. The Duff or Wilson
group consists of eleven islands. "■'-"'
. Germany is reported to be trying to an
nex Samoa. Premier Reddon of New
Zealand states that such a rumor has
been current for pome time, but the. Gov
ernment has received no official informa
ion on the subject.
INTEBNAL REVEKUE RECEIPTS
Nearly Twenty-Five Millions in Ex
cess of the Last Fiscal Year.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 13.— The prelim
inary report of the Commissioner of In
ternal Revenue shows that the receipts
from all sources for the fiscal year which
e-ndpd June 30, 1898, amounted to $17'\
869,519, an increase, as compared wifh
the previous year, of 524.245.025.
Union Veterans' Union Officials.
ROCK rSLAND, 111.. Aug. 13.— At the
thirteenth annual encampment of Union
V- ■:• r.-ins' Union, which has juet come to
a close in this city, the following staff was
appointed by General Dyrenforth: Adju
tant general, S. F. Hamilton. Washing
ton; quart ermapter general, F. F. Bogia,
Washington: inspector general, E. M.
■Wilcox. Rock Island: chief of .staff, H. L.
Street, Washington: chief mustering
cer, John Middleton. Wa.=hing"ion.
: Advances made or. furr.lture and pianos, wit'i
, or without remc-1-ai. 1. N'ooiwtn, Wl7- 1023 Mission.
DEAN BABBITT'S
FROCK IN PERIL
Spokane's Church Feud
Revived.
BISHOP WELLS TO PROSECUTE
MAKES MANY SENSATIONAL
CHARGES.
An Ecclesiastical Court Will Shortly
Try the Dean — In Case of Con
viction Further Trouble
Is Threatened.
""'Special Despatch .to The Call.
•SPOKANE. Aug. : 13.— 1n a few days
there will assemble in Spokane an ec
clesiastical court for the purpose of
trying "Rev. Dean Richmond Babbitt,
D.D*, LL.D., a scion of. the famous
Dean Richmond family of New York
and late dean of All Saints' Episcopal
Cathedra! of this city, the* see church
of the dfocese of Spokane, which in
cludes all of ': Eastern Washington. If
■he is convicted of 'the charges againbt
him the- canonical lams, provide- he shall
be stripped of his authority as a priest
of the Ep|scopal church, in other words,
*'urrfrbcked," f . Jvrj-lCf
Besides. befng 'a unusual thing
in the history of the Protestant Epis
copal church this particular- ecclesias
tical- trial will be- one of the concluding
chapters in a most sensational church
row that has j involved j the society peo
ple of Spokane, and -that in its ramifi
cations has brought in outsiders and
has stirred up interest. as far away as
the Atlantic coast. ■' ; =
Dr. Babbitt left a parish in Saginaw.
Mich., in 1592 to go to Tacoiha to as
sume the rectorship -of Trinity Church"
of that city, when Rev. Lemuel
H. .Wells, then ■; rector, was created
Bishop of Spokane. In *895 Bishop Wells
and - the chaptermen of All Saints'
•Cathedral brought Dr. Babbitt to Spo
kane as dean c-f the \ cathedral. Dr.
Babbitt has seen many parishes. In
addition he once was a lawyer, bo
when he came he had a contract with
the bishop and the chapter. This con
tract, he claims, gives him a life tenure
of the office of dean. And this is where
the trouble arose.
\bout a year ago, during the absence
of Bishop Wells at the Lambeth con
ference of, biihops .in England, the
-chapter claims, dissatisfied with the
c office of dean. And this is where
rouble arose.
out a year ago, during the absence
ish.-p Wella at the Lambeth
- iv England, the
■ came dissatisfied with the
course of the dean, who, it was
charged, was incurring bills Cor the
parish and conducting the finances in a
manner not to, the liking of those who
had to put' up the money. With the
bills he had incurred the opposition of
"some or the bankers on the chapter.
Recently he hati -taken up Christian
socialism* a-nd -was preaching much on
that line. Whatever the real reason
the chapter anyhow determined to get
rid of him and so announced it was
unable to pay his salary longer. He
declared if the chapter could not con
duct r the finances so as to pay his sal
ary; it was inc6mpetent and should re
sign. The chapter said he should re
sign;-and"' the i matter hirns" fire until
the Dish- returned.: :, - : . r■
',. The bishop -investigated: an a determ
ined the "interests 'of the- parish de
manded that-:Dc. Babbit • resign, -aqh
ing that conclusion after advising with
the full" standing committee and fol
lowing the advice* of that body. The
dean refused to- resign; He then was
removed from the position and ordered
to relinquish all. claims to the inship
by noon of October 15.. J557-,. This order
.was given 'on the evening of the 13th
of- October; That same, evening the
'cnaptermen determined' to prevent the
"stealing a march' on" them and to
•equip,;; the; cathedral with new locks.
! They, went there about midnight to
i carry out .their purpose. On arriving
they found the Rev. John Manning, the
dean's curate, in the study. Mr. Man
ning i ordered them,' out and they or
dered him out. -After, some parley Mr.
Brooke, Mr. Vincent and the other
"gentlemen rushed up the belf rey stairs
to the study, grabbed Mr. Manning and
carried him down, struggling and fight
ing, and deposited him in a hack. They
then took possession.
The following ' Sunday, October 13,
Dr. Babbitt sought to enter the cathe-
I dral, but was barred out by, the chap-
I termen. : Once after that he was denied
admission. The dean immediately
commenced holding services in a hall he
I hired for the purpose. Recently he se
| cured a church building by lease and
has started service* there, although the
| bishop en January 7 ordered him to
I cease preaching in Spokane.
X ;•■- comes the action of the bishop
in bringing "charges; to 'unfrock the
[ dean. First, it Is charged that the dean
[.violated the canons of the church in not
obeying' the order of "the bishop to re
linquish claim to the cathedral, that he
violated the canons also in attempting,
on October 17 last, to perform the func
tions, of. dean of the cathedral. '.":.'.
He is further accused of violating his
'ordination vows in not submitting him
self to the godly judgment of the bish
op by )ref using to obey the order to; re
frain from preaching in Spokane. > It la
o lso asserted ; that on £ December : 2\ he
took n way/ certain church property of
the cathedral, Including a piano; an'or
gap, eighteen desks and a number of
book?, all of which he has refused to
give' back to the bishop. :
Dean Babbitt's friends, assert- the
court -is at a complexion that is sure to
convict, but that so surely as it does
the matter will be taken to the house of
bishops and charges laid there against
Bishop Wells, looking to his dethrone
ment. ■_____ -
CORPORAL POTTER A
SPOILED YOUNG MAN
His Family Thinks His Punishment
Is Deserved, but Speaks of His
Dash and Bravery.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— Corporal Ash
'tori Potter, -who is on his way to Hono
lulu under arrest, is defended by mem
bers of his family although they think
his punishment was no more than he.
'■deserved. He Is a brother of James
Brown Potter^a'nd a.;nephew of Bishop
Pdttet. His father, Howard Potter,,
was for many years a member of the
banking firm of Brown Bros. & Co. On
account of his connections his esca
pades in recent years have attracted
considerable attention.
■ "I have no doubt," said James Brown
Potter to-day, "that- the young man
got ntr more than : he deserved. Lieu
lenant Colonel Stacpole, who ordered
his arrest, is a fine soldier and a-gen- :
tleman. I do not question the justice
of his action. The boy does 'not seem
to have d"on? anything 'malicious.. He
had a little too much energy; that was
all. He also had too much" money.
As to his boasting of his position, I
do not- think he could be guilty of such
behavior, for such a thing is entirely
foreign to his nature. . He was ex
ceedingjy anxious to see active service
and no doubt felt greatly disappointed
in not being s nt to-' Manila. " _' ;
Corpora! Potter is credited with
ing the full bushel of wild <<ats spoken
of in the old saw. He has been known
.; for many seasons ax leading seashore
j resorts. He is about 27 years old, taJl
j and strikingly har
: a fay rever he went. He was
j brought ■ -;>!cuous notice in
I August. I*;*-"., when he and Philip S. f.
Philadelphia fought at
i Narraea- ;tt Pier, R. I. The quarrel'
' was reported at the time to have been
j due to money matters. Mr. Randolph,
j however, denied this over his own sig-
I nature, and said the trouble came
! a disagreement, the nature of which
jhe did not explain. Potter's counte
| nanc bore traces of the encounter for
Potter was once engaged to Miss Car
ter of Philadelj hia. but the engagement
was subsequently broken. The cor
poral"s friends stoutly defend his recent
actions on the ground of his youth and
speak of his dash and bravery.
Falls Down a Mine Shaft.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Col.. Aug. Phil
ip Staffaroni. single, aged 25/ was killed
this afternoon. While descending a ..lad
der in a shaft of Emma No. 2 mine he lost
his hold and fell a distance of 275 feet to
the bottom of the shaft. His head was
crushed to a pulp. Staffaroni arrived
thr«*e" months ago from Scrantori< = Pa.'
i .. ■ =
• ADVERTISEMENTS. c "'. * "
■^«5> :<j, vj, <$> <j> 4> <$> <g>-e> <8> ■ : • <s> ♦3> <J> <S> ♦•*>^ <$> <§> <& 4> <S> •!?• • : »♦<» ♦ ♦♦•♦♦♦•'
-":-•- : ■ '♦
NO PAY TILL CURED.
*
[* ~" ~ '- "r^_ ~~~ You take no chances in treating t[
T J^ok~ - "^S" S^^*^ with Dr. Meyers &. Co. They will
% j^^^^s^^^^ ' , not only make you sound and we:!, & ;
♦ weP^' " '% but you ma keep your money '
j^^^' . until you are permanently cured. <
* ygy^r _>$ Dr. Meyers & Co.'s dealings with T
%' 'fp& patient's, either at ' office or 'by J. •
V«» "il^vb /mail,, ' re sacredly confidential. ■ «§> j
'*'*. \ \^f\ p*-^' V-S^ ' While a persona! interview is +
\X •'' \J s » I j \i ■■ V preferable, thousands are cure ♦
♦ ,• J- '"*^&^i& '■'$} without seeing the doctors. Suf- .^
«■ • /^/\ • tM»S^l^7^ ; ferers who cannot visit the city or *
* . r K,%^M C \ call on a part of j the staff when % !
f X^Bj^a|ii]gMßr jyU they make 'their regular monthly
U> '^^f\^ {V^^i^^l!^^ visits ' to inte/ior towns shouid write <$>
| «?• X/V^BB^^^ for private book for -men, treatise *
I*4. «^y^Jk > i^T"^^^'fe^^^^ on any disease, symptom blanks *>
y. Established 17 Years. and advice — all free. f ":'
, I DR. MEYERS & GO. :
j: DR. MEYERS & CO. :
> •.— ■ v ♦
y. CONTRACTED AILMENTS— Dr. Meyers & Co. can cure you permanently; ♦
■ •S> no matter Avhether your trouble has been recently contracted or whether it <^
! A has become chronic -and dangerous by neglect or bad treatment. The many
; v years' successful experience of every member of the staff of Dr. Meyers ,v Co. ;T
<S» is of untold value to men who need the services of a doctor that makes v
'4> Quick and lasting cures. You can get an opinion in regard to your trouble <j> ■
free~of charge whether you take treatment or not. Contagious blood poison »■
i** driven from the system. • '
<<> .-. -v v . . „■ * "■":'■- : _ y,
: Diseases and Weakness of Men. !
..
NERVOUS DEBILITY— Meyers & Co. have reached \ that * degree of ,§>
perfection in restoring partial or complete loss of vital power in men which :■.
& has never been obtained by any other physicians." Their system of treatment ~
! A and their incomparable remedies, methods and appliances give to men that .-.<S».
I true robust and perfect health so anxiously sought for and which cannot be a
Tf found except at the hands of these able specialists. . ••■ V
• Consultation and Advice Free. *
I Dr. ; Meyers & C 0. ,1
i ♦ 731 Market Street, San Francisco. J
J. TAKE ELEVATOR,. ; . :.: HOURS— S to 12. Ito 5. daily; il '• ♦
i <$- I AKt LLtVA I UK. evenings. 7to g; Sundays. 9to 11. v
AD^EBTISEMENTS.
H-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B^B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-18-B-B-H
I - ■ I_«ujwj_ - ' •'■ ■■' ' ■ ' '■ •' : ; B
I Extra Specials |
I'laA-Vll ;
■t ON SALE. £
; ? COMMENCING TOMORROW i
t; ■ ': • -. ' - .■•- 1
I Domestics, v New Dress Goods, I
■'•■nl^ A -YARD— pieces of Flan- rft ft YARD— SO pieces of new, Po- B
" hi P nelettes,m stripes and checks, in JllJ 11 C lin plaids, in latest fall colorings ; □
■ U4U blue, pink and gray ; good qual- wM w very choice styles. ■
■ , ity. Regular 10c. ■ YARD-2 cases of 50-inch all- 7
■ ir A5O Pillowcases, -hemmed, /0C wool Black Storm Serge ; extra ■
B-hn made of good quality mWin, with " WU god quality. Good value at .
B ■ v U a two-inch hem, dry laundered »l-W. B
I and ready for use ; size 54x36. _#* YARD— SO pieces of new Mata- I
"r Al EACH-50 dozen-Sheets for OUC la ? se . Suitin^ h the new . ™ 7
T R 9o P M-L kds. size 90x90, made WW U of rae \ *J B
. JZ2U S™dqnality sheeting with. and brown, m rah raised ef-
i • a hem. torn by hand, . .*™ I very. styEsh materiaL
I dry laundered and ready for -_ YARD— ISO pieces of 36-inch 7
*f use. :At each. /Jh Novelty Suitings, new fail ■
7" Ar EACH- 100 dozen Bleached I.1 '. colorings : a very stylish mat- H
■ ?Rp Turkish Bath Towels, extra * ™L An extra special for this .
B *- UU large size, heavy quality. A, weei ' B
;-sfeV- '- sSi?«LS^^^Vßiliße'Sßaciiilk ' -;^ ■
■ 7 f\r^ EACH— 2S dozen full-size Cro- A rft YARD— IOO pieces of Black B
■ MhP chet Spreads, good quality, nice / s} l! Silk Veilings, chenille dots, ■
1 vWU patterns, ready hemmed- Reg- fcl#w tuxedo nets, in great variety.
B . ular value $1.25. . | Regular value 50c a yard.
■ 1 50c-ShirtWaiststoClose--50c I 1
' B All our Shirt Waists, this season's B
I styles, • that have been selling at i
7 en« $ 2 - 00 ' $ 75 ' * 1 - 50 and $I'o1 ' 00 ' we Rfln 7
a DUG wffl close out at JUU ■
T
■ 123 to 129 POST STREET. I
■-■-■-■-■-■ -M-B-B-B-^-"-»-"-"-"-»-g-"-"-g-"
CHILD EXPIRES AFTER
EATING MUSKMELON
Chinaman Gives' Santa » Barbara |
Youngsters a Treat and One
Dies in Agony.
ftVNTA BARBARA. Aug. 13. -The four- '
ve^-old son of John Guebara died ye»
terdav under suspicious circumstance*
The child, with two elder, brothers, went
to a Chinese vegetable garden this morn
ine A.fter they had played about the.
premises for some time the Chinese pro
prietor cut a musk melon into three parts
and gave one. to each of them. Immedi
ately after partaking of it one child wa?
attacked by violent pains and died within
te On m an U ce e xamination of the premises a .
bottle containing strychnine^ was • found.
The Coroner's inquest brought out. many
suspicious facts, but guilt could not be
fastened upon any one. The elder broth
ers had eaten : of the melon and were not
affected at all. The piece from which
they had eaten contained a small hole,
but no evidence could be found to show
that it had been poisoned.
United States Branch?;' v .i
STATEMENT
-. OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE— —
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY, ON THE SIST
day of December, A. D. and for tha
year ending on that day. as made .to the. In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions "of sections
CIO and SIT of the Political Code, condens-eii aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
V 1"_ ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages $74,90} 0*
Cash market value. of a!! stocks and--
bonds owned by company... 4-04,410 01
Cash in company's office ;.;.. I.4SS S3
Cash in banks..:. 11€.4:S IS
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans ...■..-;.■....".;■.';■.-..:.... ;■ 4.400 07
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages ... -....; $74 57
Premiums- in due course at collection. 15*,373 13
Total assets \ .....$755,541 04
" . LIABILITIES. •_
Losses adjusted and unpaid J2,*ill 3S
Losses in process .if adjustment, or in
suspense -~.. .-.- 57.456 42
Ijos?es resisted, includins expenses.... 2,000 00
Grcss premiums on fire risks running •
one year or less. $392,751 77: reinsur-" '
_ ance 50 per cent 19e,393 S3
Grcss premiums on Sre risks running .
. more than • ::ie year. $159,652 54: rein^ :.
.surance.pro rata ........... 199.04S 43
Due and accrued for salaries,, rent. ,'.
etc, ........".."....-'..■-. .....•,... "2,'CS 5*
All .other deicand? against the~ com-
pany ...-- ?s,ss: 37
Total liabilities .........s«a,Sr; 78
. INCOME.
:Xet cash, actually received fcr^fir* ■
i premiums ...-•- » ........S4S9.SSS 8S
Received -for' interest on bonds and
"-■ mortgages ..........;.. .....^... — ... ,1,711 CJ
Received tor interest aad dividends- ca ■
i bonds, stocks,^ loans sand from -all -•*,---
other sources,--. 1&.199 00
Received for • remittance -from honse
o£nce, « 18.500 t»
Total income .........ftSS,SSI 00
" 'I ' " . ' EXPEXtirrURES. "
Net- amount ■ pa?<l *^ r Bar* lasses Cm- .', ~L
cludicg $27,71S 53 losses of previous
years) "VV ' — ...JM7.SJS S*
Paid or allowed for ccmraSssion or '
brokerage ...;...: ..-..;'.;. :......■. lHri2!> fiS
Paid for salaries,. fe*s and other
charges for offiwrs, clerks, «c E.llB !S)
Paid for State, national and local •
taxes 2.55S 57
All other payments and expeifclCtttres. 13, E4!) S3
Total expenditures „. ....... |K».m «
Losses , lncurred during the year.. *££a,9SS SS
Risks and Pwmioffls. jFire Risks^ Premium*. ,
Net amount of risks '
■written during th« year $*3,*655,577 J665.71S SI
Net amount of risks ex-
pired durinK the y«»r.. 41, 553,075 E6S.t4O 70
Net amount In force De- \ , i
comber SI, IS?T... 44,H5,556j : 444 *1
• '. VATXytTrH LOEB, M»nag«f. '
Subscribed ana. sworn to lx>fore me this Jlst
day of March., ISSS. -,M.VRK A. POOTK,
Commissioner for California In Chicago.
walterFspeyer,
225 Sansome Street, S.F.,
General Agent for tbe Pacific Coast
66 660660 000 00 00
I"' PALACE wjj
%GRAND hotels O
q SAX FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway.' *r
s" 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. °
O . All Under One Management. Q
©" ;-l " NOTE THE PRICES: Q
fs European PIan. SI. OO per day and upward
** American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward*
O :;•■■ .' ■ - Correspondence Solicited, . •'•'©'
©.. v *.WEN;Q. KIBKPATaiCS. Missgrw. ?' Q
000000000000000009BROKEN RECORDS
AND SURPRISES
Indianapolis Races Re
plete With Both.
DEFEAT OF EDDIE BALD
• . MeFABL AND WINS THE MILE
CHAMPIONSHIP.
.Western Wheelmen Easily Victorious
. ;• in the Pursuit Race Against
the Crack Riders of
the East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 13.— The
national meet of the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen was closed to-day, and
the racing was brilliant. It furnished
more surprises and more 'broken re
cords. Eddie Bald was beaten out in
the semi-final of the one-mile national
professional championship, as were
Tom Cooper and Arthur Gardiner. F.
A. McFarland, the new champion, won
in record-breaking time, lowering the
one-mile single paced competition mark
from 2:01 to 1:58 2-5. "Major" Taylor
wa's : but three inches behind in the
wonderful finish, and "Old Kaintuck"
Kimble but a tire's width back of the
"dark secret."
Frank L. Kraemer of Newark, N. J.,
l>ut a crimp into Peabody and won the
. one-mile national amateur champion
ship The winners of the first and
..second in the semi-finals were allowed
to start, and it gave a fast field. Krae
'. rner, however, had a world of speed
and he dealt it out freely. He crossed
the tape a full length in front of Earl
Peabody, the Chicagoan. The time
" was 2:04 3-5.
.. The two-mile amateur handicap
■•' event" saw another broken record, and
v Kraemer, the one-mile national cham
■ pion, registered it. Although he failed
.-•• to finish within the money, he cut the
; .record to 4:17. *
The- third record to go to smithereens
' was that of a quad mile. In a trial
■against time, a team composed of Van
' Cott, Horton, Lishner and Bennett cut
.-.the record from 1:47 to 1:45 3-5.
■ .."In the two-mile tandem professional
•' race James Bowler was substituted for
Johnny Johnson, whose injuries re
•• ceivedon the previous night were too
.-severe to permit of his riding. Plucky
"Plugger" Bill Martin was out steering
his mate, W. E. Mertens of Minneapo
• 11s; and the pair won the event in
. 4:57 l-:», doing the last quarter in :24.
Martin all but fainted after finishing
and had to be carried from the track.
' The interstate pursuit race, teams
■■ entering from Illinois and Indiana in
.- tfve -West and Connecticut and New
'. • York in the East, was won by New
' "V'Tk. The distance completed was six
• and three sixteenths of a mile and the
• tinie 13:43 3-5. : ■ : 't; :*: *
' "-The long- talked of race of the East
'against the West was well contested,
. and. the Western riders captured the
• event. | The crackerjacks of the meet
"w : «re represented.
' : "McFarland was in the "Western team,
"/.as were Gardiner and Bald in the East
ern aggregation. The West wiped up
r . the Easterners. Three of the Western
"team stayed to the finish. Stevens was
. the only Westerner to give up, while
-' aJI of; .those from the East quit except
\ '"P.lugger" Bill Martin. It required
' only four and three-sixteenths miles
' fir the Westerners to stop their East
ern rivals. The time for the five miles
: -by- McFarland, who finished it out after
• passing Martin, was 10:23 1-5.
'*■ ' . The standing of the first seven of the
■ national circuit riders at the close of
'.the "meet to-night is as follows: E. C.
'••Bald 129 points; McFarland 114: Kim
•b*e 99, Cooper 85, Gardiner 73, Freeman
' .46.. Stevens 41.
V.".T o-days summary follows:
' '' One mile professional, national champion
•"phfn- first race, semi-final— McFarland. San
"••We' ■-yon- Fisher. Chicago, second. Time,
.".* S-JO 'l-5 Also run: Monroe, Memphis; Bald
• '-and Gardiner: Barney Oldfield. Toledo.
"".. .Sf-onrt race, somi-final— Klmble. Louisville,
first" Stevens. Ottumwa. la., second: Major
:-"Tavlor- Indianapolis. third. Time. 2:04 4-5.
-'•■ Al!«'' ran: Jay Raton. Tom Cooper. Detroit.
•' Final heat— McFarland. first; Major Taylor.
■"' necortd- Kimhle third; Stevens, fourth; Fisher.
• : 'fifth-- ' Time 1:88 2-". World's single competi
' • five record breaking record of 2:01 by Gardi
: ncr In Louisville in August. 18T-6.
■• ' On* mile national championship, amateur— F.
' :; 'i; K.ramer. Newark, first; F.arl Peabody. Chl
: cflfco." second; E. C. Hausman. New Haven,
'• third C M. Krts. New York, fourth; George
■■.'H -ColWt New Haven, fifth. Time. 2:04 3-5.
. ■ Two mile amateur, handicap— George Wal
••'tner Dayton <2i > yards), first: Archie Fergu
•-. linn ' Terre Haute -2."> yards), second- J. D.
V.Svophanl. Chicago (225). third; C. W. Don
. : na\4n. Chicago fKO), fourth; J. A. Nelson. Chl
.•'•caeo 000). fifth. Time, 4:11.
• " Two mile tandem, professional— Martin.
■'. ' Jiowell and Mertens. Minneapolis, first: Tom
\ Butler' Boston, and Becker. St. Paul, second;
-.' McFarland. San Jose, and Stevens lowa,
• third" Bowler. Chicago, and Ben Monroe,
•Memphis, fourth. Time. 4:57 1-5.
s • ■ East against West, five mile pursuit race.
' 'five "men to team: won by West by 6-16 of a
mil* Vn 10:23 1- . for the five miles. Western
. "ten'm— McFarland. Mertens, Becker. Gardiner
• • anil Stevens. Eastern team — Eaton, Mar
• t'lo" Vernier and Hadfield.
"•Interstate pursuit race, amateur, three . men
. teams no limit. New York team— Erts, Kra
■ Sand Schofleld won. Time, 13:43 3-5 Dis
tance six and ' three-sixteenth miles. Other
• "teams— Illinois. Peabody, Llewellyn and hte
•-fanis: Indiana, Pease. Bates and Gordon;
.--. Connecticut, Hausman, Collatt and Vancot.
Tires Still Raging on Boulder Creek.
. • •' SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 13.— Forest fires are
; ragtag' in the gulches near Boulder Creek.
'.•Yesterday The mills were threatened and
..were consequently closed down. All the
'.-.employes are fighting the fire, which is
bWieved to be now under control.
•■;,;■ • ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SOME MORE
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES
: XJ IUI O JL/ J_iJ
" ':C'.- .AT.
/While they last. |
; CALL AND SEE THEM:
HONEST
CYCLES
■" ' AT
::) HONEST
PRICES.
LEA VITT& BILL
' '. ' 3O9LARKIN STREET, S. F.
. . BAW PABLO AVENUE, OAKLAND,
ABUSE AND
SORROW WON
At Hawthorne and St.
Louis Respectively.
HAWTHORNE BOOKIES RAIDED
SEA LION EASILY CAPTURED
THE OZARK STAKES.
Hurly Burly, Full Dress, Poetess, Al
pen and Bardella Were the
Winners at the Sara
toga Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA. N. T.. Aug. 13.-Tod Sloan and
his young rival and imitator. Maher, piloted
two winners to-day andClawson of California
one. Maher- s mounts (Full Dress and Bar
della) were heavily played. Sloan rode Swift
mas, favorite in the first' race, and was never
I one, two. three on the mile Journey, Hurly
Burly winning for Sam Hildreth at odds of 4
to ,1. Alpen . captured the Warden House
stakes with ease. ■ . .
First race, purse, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %• y4.Str.Fln.
Hurly Burly. 96.. Clawson' 1 1 12 1 2 1 3
White Frost, 103.. Barrett 2 2 2._ 2 2
Central Trust, 95. -Maher 3 8 3 3 3
Time.' 1:41^. • Won galloping. Second and
th Swlftrna- n i 64 and Lord Zenl 108 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 4 to 1. 3 to 1 and 4 to 1.
I Track odds— to 1. 4to 1 and Bto 5.
1 •Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, five furlongs:
Name and "Weight. Jockeys. H- %• Str. Fin.
I Full Dress, "97"~ .Maher 1 lnlnl
1 Col.-Tenny. 100 "^SE_f" I \ \ \
I .Ree Mitchell. 109.... T. '510an 3 3 3 3_
! Time. 1:02%. Won driving. Second and third
I dr Los n t Time 100. Semper Leon 97 and Tyran 92
i * lausalito odds— B to 5. 6 to 1 and 3 to 2.
I Track odds— 2 to 1, 6to 1 and Bto 5.
1 •Favorite.
■ Third race, Canadian Club stakes, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. 1 hi- Vi- %. Str.FlnT
'•Poetess. 1m".... T. Sloan! 3 ?,?,?., 1 *
] Havoc. 11?.... R. Williams 1 IV. 1 1 1H 2
! Time 1:42%- Won easily. Second driving.
SauwUito odds— to 5 and even money.
Track odds— to 5 and even.
•Favorite. .
Fourth race, Warden House stakes, two-year
olds, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. V,. V Str. Fin.
' •Alpen, JO2 7"~""...T. Sloan 1 IV, IV. 1 2
! Satirist, 102 ....Maher 3 2 2 2
I Hungarian, 102... Cunningham) 2 3 3 3
Time, 1:02. Won easily. Second and third
: driving. and Effle Ainslie 99 also ran.
Sol 102 and Effle Alnslle 99 also ran.
Bauoalito odds— to 5, 2 to 1 and 3 to- 2.
Track odds— Even, 12 to 6 and 2 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! %■ Str. Fin.
Bardella. *i02..V.... Maher 1 1 1 l^i IV.
•Maceo. 119 A.Barrett 3 3 3 2 2
: Mlllstream. lOS.Crowhurst 0 0 0.3 3
Scotch Plaid, 111 Doggett 12 2 0 0
Time, 1:2?%. Won driving. Second and third
Vhe 1 Winner 121. Protus 121, Banquo II 11 and
Banished 109 also ran. .
Sausalito odd» — to 1, Bto 5 and 4to 1.
Track odds— 4 to 1. 9 to 5 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
SEA LION WINS THE STAKE.
Sorrow Successful for Schreiber at
St. Louis Also.
ST. LOT'IS, Auk. 13— Sea Lion came down
from Chicago and won the Ozark stakes in easy
fashion. Flora G took the heat race in straight
heats. Tommy Burns Is easily the king of the
Jockeys here, winning on Charlie Christy. Sea
Lion and Sorrow. The favorites were beaten
In the first, third and fifth races.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, heats,
first heat:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I %■ %■ Str. Fin-
Flora G, 93 '.Lines 2 2 11 11
Emp. Josephine, 93.. T. Burns 3 3 0 2
Minerva. 105 Gllmore 0 0 0 3
Correspond. 93 Stevens 11 In
Miss Rowett. 95... Southard! 0 0 3 0
— — — — ft. _ _," c.-__j ~~.a <kiM
Time, 1:09. \voi*^nanany. oecumi mm uun
dr c ocnlna 100. -Trombone 98, Tramp 97. Ed L.
97 and Swlfty 97 also ran. Tramp distanced.
Sausallto odds-2V4 to 1. 2% to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 1, 7to 2 and 20 to 1. •
•Favorite.
Second heat of first, race:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. 1 %■ %■ Str. Fin.
•Flora G 93 Lines 1111%
iJlnerva'loT Gilmore 2 2 2 2
Emp. Josephine, 93.. T. Burns 3 3 3 a
Time. 1:09. Won driving. Second and third
d ror I respond 95. Cochina 100. Trombone 9S, Ed
L 97 Swifty 95 and Miss Rowett 95 also ran.
Sausalito odds— Z to 6, 10 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— Even, 12 to 1 and 9 to 2.
•Favorite.
Second race, puree, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. M. %• %. Str.Fln.
•Chas. Christy. 96.. Burns 0 3 2 2 12
The Elector. 104. McDonald 3 0 0 3 2
•Ed Farrell. 103 Kelly! 2 2 8 o^3
Anger, 96 .Lines 1 111 1 HO
Time, 1:49V 2 . Won easily. Second and third
drlvlnK.
Otto H 99 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 5, 4 to 1 and 6 to 5.
Track odds— 3 to 2, 5 to 1 and 13 to 10.
•Favorites.
Third race, selling-, mile and a slxteentn:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I %■ H- %■ Str. Fin.
Maddalo, 104 Bloss| XV, 13 13 1 3 Ins
•Parole dOr, 106.. ..Lines! 2 3 3 3 2
Confession, 99.. T. Burnsf 3 2 2 2 8
Time, 1:48%. Won driving. Second and thirl
driving.
Klsnie'V l n s. Moralist 104. Overland 103 and
Judge Steadman 103 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 2 to 1 and 2V» to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 2, 12 to 5 and 5 to 2.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, Ozark stakes, two-year-olds, six
furl 'figs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H- %• Str. Fin.
•Sea Lion, 114 T. Burns 2 1112 12
Chancery. 112 Gllmorc 12 2 2
Dandy H, 104 Hutterl 0 3 3 3
Leo Planter. 116.. J. McDonald! 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:15%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Ulm 97, Clarence B 95 and Leo Stratus 90 also
ran.
Sausallto odds— 4 to 5, 4 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 9 to 10, 4 to 1 and 9 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, all ages, six furlongs:
~Najne and Weight. Jockeys. %. Str. Fin.
Sorrow, 92 T. Barns] lh 11 11 11
•Gibraltar, 115 Llnesj 0 0 3 2
Boanerges. 115 Bloss 212 0 3
Mona B, 70 Watson 3 3 2 0
Arllne C, 75 R. Murphy 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:14%. Won handily. Second and third
Sausalito odds— B to 2, 6to 5 and 4 to 1.
Tra^k odds— l 7to 10, 6to 6 and 7to 2.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, purse, one mile:
-Name and Wt Jockeys. Vt< %. %. Str! Fin.
Buckvldere, »«. McDonald 1 1 12 12 12
Sir Rolla, 96... Lines 2 0 0 0 2h
•Pinochle. 89... T. Burns 0 2 2 2h 3
Elkln. 55.. ...•••"• Southard ;3-- 3 .3 3-0
Time,'. .l:4l. Won easily. Second and third'
rßebel'r Rebel' Jack 91, Alma Glyn 95 and Ben Frost
SI also ran. 'Latter fell. • ..-.-'■
Sausallto odd*— to 1.-2V4 to 1 and 6 to 6.
Track odds— ll to 5, Bto 1 and 3to 2.
•Favorite. . : . --i , . ■' - '..
FIVE GOOD FAVORITES.
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— This was a great day
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
THE EMPOKIUM.
?&¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥•
t sSX'-SSTSS: The Curtain and Drapery, Art Embroidery and Butterick Pattern Departments are
. fo n r d t a he d F S an at cara c now in the section formerly occupied by the Jewelry and Silverware stocks— back oi the Dry J-^Ulelaifd
I seXember^ 5i- Goods under Ladies' Gallery. The jewelry is in the main aisle at entrance, the silverware S^^»~
£ tion will be lim- i n rntnnrta elevators.
i. &&} _n
♦ I^^Hv^ m^k^ People expect to get more for their
* /pff il_J' PA 1 money here than anywhere. else in town,
a L **^^^_^_____^^\ s0 at these big money worths in Bed
* vfc^* ~"'"_S__l!""iv Coverings will be no surprise to our regu-
* v,'^ 'pi" ' ar customers. Strangers, however, will :
* N^z/a -j^^^ 3 X wonder how we do , it. Blankets are
* % ~js^—_i- —*U bound to be higher as the season advances.
£ California make White Blankets, almost pure wool, just enough cotton
. J to make frTem solid and durable; they are 514 feet wide, weight 5 lbs, *- Q[Z ;
* and are only, per pair .*.... .'.... $0,70
» Large, Heavy White Wool Blankets, full 6 feet wide, that have slight .
♦ manufacturer's imperfections, such as an oil spot or a break in the * c -.-.
* weave, as 7 pair value 10r.... ....-4>D.UU >
* For extra size beds, Handsome White Blankets, 6% feet wide, slight
T imperfections in manufacture, as in above lot, if perfect would cost *_ r-n \
2 at least Sio pair v|)/.5U
£, Bed Comforters, full size, white filling, tufted by hand, silkoline Q _
a coverings, warm yet light, each......... 70C
% High Grade Comforters, laminated, cotton filling, neatly hand- a- Q( .
♦ tufted, silkoline coverings, choice in coloring, each........ JpJ.7U
* Fine Grade Comforters, filled with best white cotton, silkoline *_ ' _ ft
* covered elegantly made, flounced with silk, each... ..;... «p<J.UU
* Large variety Down Comforters, size 6x6 feet, good sateen +- _ _
£ covering, each.... ~ $5.00
a, i Good White Spreads, Marseilles patterns, size for double beds, * f __
.ft, hemmed and ready for use, very special value, each i... $1.35
A> Extra Grade White Marseilles Spreads, very choice in patterns *_ -_
*> and quality, good wearing article, each ....-_. ....:.. 4>_..2d
♦ Bleached Sheets for single beds, not trashy, but of good cotton IJ -%!
* without dressing, ready for use, 41^ feet wide, each............ JZ2C
T Same grade Sheets, equally good in every respect, for larger beds, Ar .
J 6 feet wide, each........... 40c
T Hemstitched Sheets, finest /grade of sheeting, 81 inches wide, /r .
J each 60c
ft. Good Grade Pillow Cases, well made from 5-4 casing, nicely I_.1 _.
♦ finished, each........ - -•"••• -~ ••••"••. IZ2C
♦ Pillow Cases, same grade as above, made from 6-4 ca5ing...... ;..... 13c
t tftSr* Groceries. gg^« Mens Furnishings t a h n e^ n ew Hat Department. £* d^Clock,s4.7s
♦ Our rapidly increasing Grocery busl"
* .'* ness has made necessary the exten-
J sive alterations just completed in
J that department. Selling space has
J been greatly increased, delivery fa-
£, cilities improved, more clerks and
9* warehousemen employed, and we
#> can now promise you better service
♦ than ever. If you are paying more
♦ than our prices — and you probably
* are if you are not trading — you
J are paying too much.
£, Good English Breakfast Tea, 1b...
£ Good Green Coffe?, 3 lbs 50c
* Golden Rule Roasted Coffee, 1b....30c
* Imported Swiss Cheese, Ib 30c
♦ Golden Rule Catsup, "good as
♦ any" : - 20c
! Fancy Salinas Burbank Potatoes,
J cwt $U5
0, Standard Table Fruit, 2 cans- 25c
*. Fancy Table Fruit, 3 cans ...50c
♦ i-lb tins Johnson's Grated Pine-
♦ apple 2 for 25c
* i-lb tins Johnson's Sliced Pine-
i T apple • 2 for 25c
2 vlb tins Whole Pineapple 25c
A The. best lowa Corn, 2-lb tins—
* dozen $1.00
♦ Fancy Maine Corn, 2-lb tins—
» dozen - $1.40
* Columbus Tomatoes, 2-lb tins—
♦ d0zen........ 95c
2 Hunt's Solid Pack Tomatoes, 2% Ib
T" tins— $1.00
£ Golden Dates, 1b........ 8c
#, Seeded Raisins, i-lb pkg......... 10c
> Le Court's Mushrooms, i's 24c
* Petit Pois, i'5.................;20c and 25c '
♦ . Puree de Foie Gras 20c and 25c
♦ Truffles Brossees 25c, 50c and 93c
£■ White Horse Cellar Scotch Whis-
! 2 key, bottle $1.25
I Monogram Rye Whiskey, b0tt1e..51.25
ft. Hunter Rye Whiskey, bottle $1.35
♦ Kentucky Belle Bourbon Whiskey.
♦ bottle.... 75c
* California Brandy, fine quality, bot-
♦ tie $1.00
♦ Beef, Iron and Wine, bottle 50c
♦ '1
♦ Some Good j -^-^ m
i Values in J-ampS*
* Full nickel fi
> Lamp, like picture, / -LlL t
♦ stands 20 inches . /&?v
♦ high, fine sturdy /. ~OS*>\
♦ lamp, 75 ■ candle- / S^=\
■? power light, 10-inch/ J^^z-\
J opal shade and(~^ -^^fcrFSS^)
£, chimney— all com-^ \~b^n7
5 :.. on . l . :SLSO jSm,
♦ A fine B. and H. f=~^o)
♦ Bras s -Banquet \. 1=0;
♦ Lamp, stands 25 1-lirJT
J inches high, center /H«l
U draught, with wick
♦ chimney -com-
I !'! tte .:::::::: $1.68 fcas - i —
* Glass Hand Lamp, with No. 2
* burner and chimney makes a nice
* sewing or reading lamp — all .»
5' complete for. OUC
J . Gow Night
A /^^\ Lamp, with globe,
♦ * ( t •' 1 M like picture — will
♦ j! Ijl I J ' burn several nights
♦ V> ' 111 without refilling — .
♦ \s\-f\ij:l just the thing for
a ■ v\''£' 4 / a sick room— co m-
a ■ \V*>/ '• ■ pletefor....... ■ -,_
* IPsP^^M 3 ° C
* V^^'^Jw, Beauty : Night
* SCi^^itlliW'iJy/l^nip with opal
■ ♦ V3= J^J Globe— will stand
£ *-—«= "■ — "^f^T'j'on table or hang
♦ up— burns 40 hours with one filling-
's one wicking will last 6 months ; _ r ."
I complete f0r......... 3"C
for favorites, five of them winning and one ,
second choice. Just before the third race was
i-un the police made a raid on the book makers,
who were put out of the business for a few
minutes. Similar trouble with the city author
ities Is expected from this out.
First race. Belling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V 4.V 4 . V - %• Str. Fin.
•Paul Kauvar, 115. Turner 3 3 2 1112
Treachery. 112 ....Shields 0 0 0 2 2
The Tory. 115.... L. Reiff 0 0 .0 0 3
Joe Ullman, 112.. Thorpe 1 1 13 3 0
Muskalonge. 118. ..Toucon 2 2 3-00
Double Dunrmj^m^Aker 0 0 0 0 0
Time. 1:45. Won easily. Second and third
r Sausalito odds— 4 to 5. S to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
iXbuse, 122 N.Turner 1 0 0 14
Donna Rita, 110 Xv ?™:" I \ \ \
Storm King, US Ellis 0 2 2 3
Fervor, 115 Foucon 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:14. Won galloping. Second and third
Teutonla 105, Imp. Summer Sea 105 and Imp.
Eddie Burke US also ran.
Sausallto odds— Even money, B to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, Clyde stakes, two-year»olds, five
furlongs:
THE EMPORIUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
Medium
x^^v weight Na-
a( tural Gray
"N. to - .-J Merino S n 'rts
%X ' /- v'^cP-N. and Drawers
M '/Iff v\7\ ~ the wel B nt
Il\ Wi . HI A specially ad-
'///// \'l L *r I a ted t0 and
// 1 v oprril ■/ '" most dc '
\ \y Hg mand for the
LJfi=*-b=»J n«^ fk climate of San
"rjfflMSTj,! tj % / Francisco —
jGJ\ ' 'V shlrts have
"dLjiJS^l V / ribbed tail and
Jjl<-j\\ ■ 1 pearl buttons
If Tvl 1i I — drawers are
1/ II I*i ■ flat seams and
!( PI \ { '\ extra stayed
£> [[ \~l --per gar-
\L ) y\^, mrnt -)UC
_«==^ \j^ French Bal-
briggan Shirts
and Drawers
— made of long staple yarn — lustrous
and elastic— no goods of same weight
possess better wearing qualities --
— per garment — 7DC
Embroidery Department
Moved into a new and better loca-
— more room — better light— now
under Ladies' Parlor, on main floor.
Stamped Momie Linen Scarfs, iBx
50 inches fringed all sides -£
Stamped Momie Linen Splashers-
drawn and fringed — extra heavy < _
.>......... .". Jsc
Stamped Butchers' Linen Bibs-
drawn and fringed bottom ol
03C
Stamped Cotton Duck Scarfs !--.
18x54 inches — self-fringed... ...... -^UC
Spool Knitting Silk— 30 yards ~ x
all leading colors——-——. :... *>oC
Lessons in Art Embroidery and '
Lace Work. Ladies' class lessons
Tuesday and Friday afternoons. Spe-
cial class lessons for girls Saturday
forenoon.
•■- ■■:;■--■• ■■- '
Ribbon Novelties*
In Pi aid Stripes and Checks.
25c Ribbons reduced t0... 18c per yard
35c Ribbons reduced to— 2sc per yard
50c Ribbons reduced t0. ..35c per yard ,
Plaid and Moire Striped Sash Rib-
bons, in all prevailing stvl»s and
shades SI and $1.10 per yard
Handkerchiefs.
Ladies' All Linen Extra Sheer Scal-
loped and Embroidered Hand- -_.
kerchiefs — special, each jLoC
Ladies' Extra Sheer Lawn Fancy
Hemstitched Lace Edge Hand- f -
kerchiefs— each > 5C
Ladies' Sheer Lawn js, j<f and 1
inch Hemstitched Handkerchiefs _
55c per dozen — each DC
• hSUuBB B^B ' - IfiiftfnWM Hh fISw JmSMBIA Kbl iWJI Kw| H99 j^g E*w\
Store. ™ Ciofcteffiftuße Bazaar. ™ entrance.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | H- %• Str. Fin.
•Frank Bell, 112 Foucon 2 2 2 1
Batten. 115 Everett 1112
Santello, 115 Thorpe 3 13 3
Time, l:01V 4 . Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Milt Young 115, Holland 112. Ollnthus 118 and
King Barleycorn 122 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 2 to 1, 3 to 1 and 2H to 1.
•Favorite. *
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, hi. %. Str. Fin.
Loyaletta, 112 J. Woods 111 14
CJueen Safle, 112... 11. Shields 0 0 0 2
S & Crescent, 107-McNlchols 0 0 0 S
•Truth. 10. r , Thorpe! 2 2 2 0
Prince Blazes, 107 Aker| 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:15*4. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
T'rganda 112, Johnny Williams 110. Jay Bird
110, Pry HHr).. r ). Dad's Daughter 117 and La Salle
117 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 6 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, mile and a furlong:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %. \. Str. Fin.
•Cherry Leaf. 104.. Thorpe 2 2 2 2 11
Madrllene, 99 ....Everett 1 I lh lh 2
Forte 97 J. Ward 4 4 4 4 3
Unity. 103 ...Fitzgerald! 3 8 3 3 0
Time. 1:54. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Pausalito odds— Even, 8 to 1 and 8 to 5.
•Favorite.
I THE EMPORIUM. |
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥i
gS; fa Stationery.
"Marcus Ward's" Royal Irish Linen
Papeterie, in new shades of ~j-
gray, green and cream, box ZOC
-L atest . novelty, "The Blue . and
Gray" Papeterie, put up In real ~^-
duck tents, each... • OOZ
• Marcus Ward's assorted tints, 3
! shades in box, satin finish paper, best
.. quality, all shades, papeterie, 2 --
. boxes for.'.. __OC
One of Our ciuriS^
Leaders in hoes *
A special; Lace Boot for ladies,
made on our custom
fitting"last, black silk T v >_^
. cloth vesting tops, new • L2l__£?7
coin toe, patent leather W//&C
tips ; a snaps that fits *]%s*•*
perfectly an _is always jnh^^l
in good taste ,«-v __^[^^ \v|
as well as com- /7^rrwt\- >(S ">'\
for table; all f^KMIW
sizes & widths, I £&/&Fl&Jjr I
$2*50. jsf^vL*T
Lace Bargain*
A limited quantity of Black Lace
Skirting, 42 inches wide (all silk) —
regularly worth $3.00 per yard —
marked to close out rr . «
at 50c per yard
High-grade
Negligee
Shirts, in new Jj. STfo sAm
patterns of Ma- *jr y^>^y
dras— silk /^-\
stitched / 7=S/f. J\
throughout — _/ j^y-—
pockets are in- <jj**~~r-*-^' ~~J^>
serted and J^^y
stayed with t <^ Kj*
SilK -.. m '~,211_
Golf Shirts, JpSSySS*
in new pat-
terns of percale
choice novel-
and .p*.UU f^^-i^rfy^
Men's Fancy Jg^gTils)
Hosiery—
•plaids and
stripes— in latest color combinations —
the most popular hosiery of the ~-
season — per pair.. - ZjC
Some Very D^^f_« at Popular
Popular COOKS p rices .
Published Our
price. price.
Helbeck of Bannisdale —
Ward... $2.00 $1.80
American Wives and En-
glish Husbands Ath-
erton ~ 1.50 1.35
Rupert of Hentzau — Hops 1.50 1.35
Story of a Play— Howells. 1.50 1.3
The King's Jackal— Davis 1.25 1.10
Silence and Other Stories
— Wilkins .— 1.25 1.10
Ghosts I Have Met—
Bangs 1.25 1. 10
Moriah's' Mourning —
Stuart.—. 1.25 1. 10
This Chair,
1 0r
For to-mor-^.
row (Monday)||L->-/^r^\f-J|
only — solid n*^gfo*s>
oak bedroom I n^^vx^^7
or dining •llr^ni||l| l ||l'ij)|'|
room Chair, 111 j
like picture; II j
braced arms ; 1 11 [j
cane seated, 111 I
highly polish- Ill^fflJlWlHl — \
ed, only _- I^^^^^HvV
SMYRNA ,j^@li^£^>
rigs— 6ox3o r^v^-^rfr^^
inches, all I = t^sw__^
wool; hand- p^ = =^rr^^^
some designs; J _^^ =====?] 1
copies of the I f" ll^^>—^3
real Persian I/P^ == =3a TTr^ ! H.
patterns; also llf -//if
the battleship 111 "■
Maine — a rug , '.' [
worth $3. 50 — L
this day only f0r....... *, or
s>l.ot>
Sixth race, seven furlongrs:
Nnmp and Wt. Jockeys, j Vi- Vi- %. Str. Fin.
•L. Kllerslle, 105.. Thorpe 1 1 12 12 12
Ferroll. 106 ...... Everett 3 3 32 21
L. Callahan, 112. .Foucon 2 2 2 3 3
Time, I:2S. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Storm Queen 98. Cherry Rose 9S, Sardonic
105 and Afamada Wo also ran.
Sausalito odds— l to 2, 10 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Maud Ferguson Wins a Stake.
ANACONDA. Mont.. Aug. 13.— First race,
five and a half furlongs — Lady Ashley won.
Lady Britannic second, Polish third. Time,
1:101*.
Second race, six furlongs — Mallakwa won,
Ventr.ro second, Sunlight third. Time. 1:19.
Third race, six furlongs— Etta H won, Dorah
Wood second, Byron McClelland third. Time,
1:17%.
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs, Mon
tana Hotel stakes. Jl ooo— Maud Ferguson won..
May Beach second. The Light third. Time. :56.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Torsion
won, Joe Cotton second, Latah third. Time,
1:11V4.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Enclno won.
Maaoero second. Tom Smith third. Time, 1:32.
Essex Stakes for Old Gaugus.
DETROIT. Mich., Aug. 13.— Weather cloudy;
track fast.
First race, six furlonrs— Bob Garnet won.
Terrapin second, Oniaea third. Time, 1:15*4.
Second race, five furlongs— Guiana won, Sir
THE EMPORIUM. |
>¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
Toilet Articles-UatbfJ
Did you ever think of comparing our ~-~^S&^&/i^£)^r
prices with those charged by other 3SnWsXuL^\^7l
stores? In this list, you'll find half a I&
dozen articles that you need, and you'll *& V^xiffl
be able to save enough on them to pay l&» JlM sS^7^~ I n^
carfare and take lunch in the cafe. j^^^uf
Pure Gum Water Bottles 2-qt 45c, 3-qt 40c, 4-qt'6oc
Imperial Water Bags, guaranteed for one year 2-qt 60c, 3-qt 75c
"Ruby Fountain Syringe," good quality, complete 2-qt 75c, 3-qt 85c
Large size "Sheep's Wool," bath size, a good 25c sponge, for -..15c
Imported Chamois Skins, XXV quality, size 14x22 inches— 25c
Imported Castile Soap, white or mottled, 2-lb bars 20c
H Witch Hazel Floating Bath Soap, large size cakes- — 5c
' Dr. Lambert's Antiseptic Skin Soap, best skin soap made, 3 for .40c
Dr. Lambert's Antiseptic Cucumber Juice, witch hazel, benzoin cream,
4-ounce bottle — • • .....25c
Kent's Rum and Quinine Hair Tonic, 6-ounce bottle ....25c
Guaranteed quality Witch Hazel, full pint bottle — .. 25c
Our own brand imported Tooth Brushes, a very good brush 15c
Our own brand, solid back, pure bristle, hand-drawn Hair Brushes 35c
Our own brand 7-row, bone handle, hand-drawn bristle Nail Brushes— ..2oc
A good quality inch horn or rubber Hair Comb.^. . .— loc
•;■ Bevel edge, white Florentine frame Hand Mirrors..* .....25c
Large size Whisk Broom, enameled wood handle— - 10c
New shape Combination Pocket-book in English calf, genuine Morocco.. 7sc
Chatalaine Bag, new shape, square frame, genuine Morocco.-... 75c
Genuine grain leather Music Rolls, well made, full size 50c
Ladies' Coin Purses, Ion? shape, genuine alligator ooz», calf lining 50c
Cotton Socks, in three solid colors
— Black, Tan and Wine— fine gauge
and good weight — high spliced * ~,
heels and double toes— per pair >^2C
Bathing Suits, for men and boys,
in worsted, half worsted and _-.
cotton— prices $3, $2, $1 and 3UC
The Emporium $2.45 Derby for
men Is a far superior hat to those
ordinarily retailed at $3.00 and
$3.50. They are made in the
Knox and Dunlap Fall shapes— fast
black or the correct shades of brown—
and in no way differ in appearance
from those $5 hats where the wearer
has to pay for the maker's *- .^
name - • 3>Z.4j
Derby prices *^3 A r
...........$1.35, $1.85, $2.45 and $0.40
Fedora prices *o at
95c, $1.35, $1-85, $2 45 and $0.4:3
A feature of the new hat store is the
stock of Boys' Caps. Many of tnc
new shapes are shown by us alone.
The two : pretty styles illustrated at
25: each are of cloth and will give
good wear. The 49c Tarn o'Shanter
comes in cloth in pretty blue and tan
shades.
l jl% k Table Linens.
Nice quality Bleached Table Dam-
ask, 62 inches wide, absolutely all-flax
linen, conventional and floral ef- £--.
fects, per yard-..........—.. SUC
Hi?h-grade Bleached Irish Linen
Table Damask, 72 inches wide, closely
woven, . prettily patterned, per on
yard. "UC
VERY SPECIAL— DoubIe Damask
Bleached Table Linen, full 2% yards
wide, very choice, but only 2 pat-
terns left, reduced from $2 a * f c
yard to 4>*.3U
About 200 doz-n heavy grade Din-
ner Napkins, 24 in. square, a *>» _ n
grand value, per dozen 4>Z.3U
Crayon Portraits
3 Regular Prices.
Medium finish 65c Each
Extra finish $1.00 Each
Point finish— very best grade.........
$1.25 Each
These portraits are executed by ex-
pert artists and a perfect likeness is
guaranteed— they positively will not
fade.
Our pastel and water color portraits
are acknowledged by critics to be the
best ever produced in this city.
Portrait Department— Second Floor.
Traveling Rugs*
We have opened up a magnificent
line of Fine Traveling Rugs, newest
colorings, ranging in *. eft * in
price from, each $4.5U tO 4>ZU
Special — One lot of fine large wool
Traveling Rugs, solid colors on one
side, tartan plaids on the other, */ en
each 4>O.DU
Casimir second, Lizzie Kelly third. Time,
l:o2'i-
Third race, the Essex Stakes, mile and an
eighth — Old Saugus won, Coftmoosey second,
Morte Fonse third. Time, 1:53^.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Duty won, Record
second. Gavotte third. Timr, 1:03.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Deyom won, Nich
olas second, Mazepjia third. Time, 1:14%.
. Fourth race, six furlongs — Clincher won,
Annie Tayl6r second, Maggie S. third. Time,
1:15.
Fifth race, steeplechase, short course — Lady
Maud won, Tusonrora second, Brother Bob
ithird. Time, 3:43 V-
PEACE JUBILEE AT THE
TRANS-MISSISSIPPI FAIR
Programme Will Include a Review
of Troops Beturning From
the Front.
OMAHA, Aug. IS.— To- lay the managers
of the Trans-Mississippi Exposition an
nounced that a grand peace jubilee would
be held on the exposition grounds during
the week of October 10 to 17. Invitations
from every Governor of a trans-Missis
sippi State will be transmitted to Presi
dent McKinley and members of the Cabi
net.
Invitations to the President and Cabinet
will be transmitted by the exposition man
agers also, and a strong delegation, head-
THE EMPORIUM.
Till /$c^«HL/'£i¥illjl d
A beautiful $7.00 Enameled Clock,
like picture, bronze trimmings, plain
or fancy dial, eight-day, cathedral
gong, half-hour strike, 11^ inches
high base, 16'^ inches long ; * . __
special this week at.... »p4./D
Club Satchels*
These fall
r._j^ stock English
ifjp^" 4*4 * •"* '^''v Grain Leather
ffl tK Club Bags;
Jr-.M - |\ English leath-
\^\ \\ erha n d 1 ;
r^ 1 * ' steel frame
and nickel trimmings ; a good, ser-
viceable article :
10-In. 12-in. I4«in. 16-in. 18-in.
$1.25 $1.60 $2AO $2.60 $3.00
House Furnishings*
Ten seasonable items — ten money-
savers for housekeepers — from San
Francisco's largest house-furnishing
department, which will shortly be
moved from the second floor to the
main floor adjoining grocery depart-
ment.
4'^-gallon steel enameled soup Q _
or stock boilers each 70C
i-gallon steel enameled meas- -_
ures each ODC
6-quart steel enameled Preserving
Kettles. "Fruit does not stick -_
to these." Each.... Z/C
Varnished Wood Salt Boxes, ._.
large size >UC
A No. 7 range, with 5-7 inch holes,
good baker and large oven — set up in
your house complete f0r...... ** f\n
Bissell's Carpet Sweepers, *._ _ n
the best made 4>Z.DU
A good %-inch 3- "\jt
ply Garden Hose {&% ffi\ -
cut any length, _ ' : *^'-££J<£k£Q
P^ foot:: /C V^S^V~3
French Steel .-*/ .J V Cgr^
Paring Knives, six &^kxs\\~
new shapes to
choose from, irk y^g-rSr^^ v
each JUC '^^~ r=ss^ s=*'
The Daisy Gas Heater fits any or-
dinary gas burner,
f^i^^^. invaluable for
■""w J *^5p5533 quick heating
e^ngiglg—psmall pan or cup
.ffijlp^fr^r small pan or cup
: ■'^f :^M in sudden--
JW$$%:W. emergencies.. -^OC
■' "~-~ y ' i«!nw The quick meal
_J&&siSzjlW wickless Blue
jr^T^^^^^^j Flame Oil Stove
IV^rLSl^n witn 2 Burners—
/I^^s^^g^l the only perfect
[F~~-^ - :^lr^a wickless oil stove
v ™*™:::: $8.00
Ed by Senator Thurston, will leave this
city in a day or two.
The exposition authorities expect that
all peace negotiations between Spain and
the United States will have been complet
ed by the first of October or sooner. Jubi
lee week will be a modern event and an
elaborate programme has been prepared
with that end in view. Some of the most
celebrated orators of the nation will be
present.
A large number of the returning soM
iers will be present, and there will be a
grand review of the troops.
COURTMARTIALED AND SHOT.
Fate of a Volunteer Who Killed a
Regular at Ponce.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Aug. 13.— A spe
cial to the Journal from Marinette, Wis..
says: Word has been received here from
Ponce, Porto Rico, that Private La Duke
of the Second Wisconsin Regiment, who
shot and killed Private Stafford of the
regular army during the quarrel In a
saloon at Ponce, was courtmartialed Au
gust 3. found guilty and shot on the morn
ing of August 4.
Many Deaths From Cholera.
MADRAS, Aug. 13.— The cholera epi
demic is here. Between Monday morning
and Friday night there were fifty-five
deaths from the disease, the fatalities
prior to the day first mentioned having
been 117.
56
SUNDAY .-. ..AUGUST 14,-1.898;
•• JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE .Market and Third Sts.. S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) ■•
• " served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL. On* year, by mall. $1.59
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
♦iEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB. World Bultdln,
. ' DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£*« Hobm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE • Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
" BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
0:30 o'clooK. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
■ . 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
• ' Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open untl. 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street. open
• • until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
• OolamMa— "His Absent Boy."
Alcnrar— "Cam tile
•' Morocco's- "The Cherry Pickers "
TKoil-"F?iu3t'
• Dryhoum - V:itidffvillo.
The Chute*— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Mart
Puspondeil Ai)lni:itlon— Corner Market and Larkln streets.
' tijynij>i:i— Comer Ma>on ana rXidy streets. SpeclaiUe*
Alhambra, Bddy and Joiies streets— Vaudeville. Opening-
Saturday, beptetaber 3. ;~; ~ ■ • ; .-
Native Sons Entertainment Tuesday evening.
Kccrtation Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing — At Union Coursing Park.
tours'.r;:— Xngieeide Coursing Park.
iutro's Baths Swimmingr. ■
• El Campo— Music, dancingr.bo.itlne. flshinß, every Sunday.
State Fair— Sacramento. September 5.
AUCTION SALKS.
■ By G. H. rmbsen & Co.— Monday. August 15, Real Estate, at
14. M o'ntCiji-nery street, at 1-' o clock.
HER MAJESTY'S SPEECH-
HER BRITANNIC MAJESTY, in proroguing
Parliament and dismissing her Lords and
Commons from further legislative service until
after the shooting season, has evidently desired to
start them on their holidays in a cheerful mood. As
far as was possible she spoke to them in what Ten
nyson called "large, divine and comfortable words,"
• assuring them that their labors had been excellent
' and- that by their statesmanship the interests of her
people and her empire had been duly safeguarded.
Fortunately for her Majesty's reputation in the
world of high politics it is well known that she did
: not write her speech. The Ministers who conducted
the work of Parliament are the authors of the speech '
commending the work, and' upon them will devolve
the task of defending it against the severe criticisms :
:to which it is certain to be subjected. It is notorious
. that the interests of the empire have not been safe
guarded, and that even now they are in such a peril
ous condition that before the shooting season on the
moors is over the military men among the guests at
.' the hunting lodges may be called away to war.
As a matter of fact, despite its general cheeriulness,
the speech itself admits the threatening nature of the
• situation. It asserts, indeed, that "relations with
other nations continue friendly," and that arrange
ments have been made with the Emperor of China
which c..c expected to "conduce to the maintenance
of. his independence and the security of his empire
and be favorable to the development of the extensive
commerce carried on between the pc les of Great
Britain and China." In another paragraph, however,
the Commons are thanked for their liberal appro- :
priations for the army and navy, and the heavy taxa- :
lion voted for imperial defense, and the significant
statement is made, "The sacrifices asked 01 you are
: severe, but no greater than the exigencies of the time i
require."
It is clear from the latter statement that the Minis
ters of her Majesty do not see plain sailing ahead,
nor are they facing the future with confidence in the i
• continuance of peace. There are difficulties all around
them, and not the least ot these is that caused by the
growing uneasiness and discontent in Great Britain ;
'• itself. Salisbury is now an old man, and with his
age there have come weakness and vacillation. Even
the members of his own party are doubtful of his
1 ability to deal with the crisis that has arisen in China'
• and to cope successfully with the astute diplomats and
resolute statesmen who are directing at this juncture ,
the policies of Russia and Germany.
For a long time there has been in Great Britain a
clamor for a younger man to take charge of the for- '
eign affairs of the empire, but Salisbury holds on.
He is not willing to retire and give a free hand to the '
aspiring Chamberlain or to Balfour. Neither is the
country altogether willing to accept either of these
in his place. The cal? for a young and vigorous states
man remains unanswered simply because there is no '
one to answer it. The Lords and the Commons will,
therefore, go to their holidays this year in a dubious !
mood. They have done the best they could for their
empire. They have voted millions for defense, and
DOW it remains to be seen whether the Ministry can
make wise and effective use of the treasure and the
weapons that have been placed in their hands.
'• The failure to permit General Lee to participate
in any action on Cuban soil is described as the sar
casm of fate, but highly critical people might view
it as fate having a political tinge.
. The Cubans are not so disgusted with the skua
-tion as to quit fighting, and considering that they no
longer have access to the American ration, they seem
- to be doing very well.
. Samuel A. Knight has knocked a dent into the
.* theory that Democrats never resign. But it may be
' said of Mr. Knight that he has established a
precedent.
"There is a possibility that the news of peace will
not reach Manila until after Merritt and Dewey have
manufactured a very satisfactory style of peace of
their own.
It is to be hoped the authorities will permit the
gentleman who requests the privilege of being buried
alive every privilege he seeks save that of being dug
up again.
One of the opponents of territorial extension is
the New York W arid. It has at least the excellent
• excuse that the New York Journal is on the other
" side.
To be s'tc there is peace between us and Spain,
but it will be long before we love each other.
And another sad thing is that Bryan never smelled
oowder.
NO CAMPAIGN OF fIPOLOGY.
INDICATIONS that the present is to be a Repub
lican year arc so numerous that there is danger -they
may be misleading. The possibility of an over
confidence must be recognized by every shrewd ob
server. President McKinley, by his brilliant conduct
of the war to a successful issue, resulting in honorable
peace at die cost of little bloodshed, has- done much
to strengthen his party. Yet it does not follow that
at every point the party is invincible, nor that a weak
candidate can be elected.
The Republicans of California owe it to themselves
to put forward as candidate for Governor the best
man to be found. Whoever he may be he will be
opposed to a keen politician, an habitual office-holder
who is a demagogue of a plausible sort; who to Dem
ocrats is a Democrat and to Populists a Populist;
who knows every' trick of his calling, and to whom
must be conceded a strong personal following. A
weak candidate opposed to him, advanced because
this is a Republican year, will go down to defeat as
surely as the day of election shall come.
Therefore there is left to the Republican party only
one course. It must avail itself of the best material.
It must not be led into the selection of a candidate
whose political or private career cannot be exposed
to the fullest light. The chosen man must have a
clea*n record, from scrutiny of which nothing can be
dragged for his undoing. We cannot afford to enter
upon a campaign of apology and explanation.
There must be no doubtful transactions to be
cleared away. If the campaign cannot be one of ag
gression it will be one of disaster. If from the start
the Republican party shall be forced to make excuses,
to try to clear away doubts, to establish the character
of its chosen standard-bearer, to deny, to attempt to
refute, the endeavor will be useless and the end of it
defeat.
These are simple facts, appealing to the intelligence.
They cannot be combated, for "facts are stubborn
thing?."
(\ UNIQUE WAR.
JUDGED by any, or by every, phase of its course
from beginning to end, our three months' con
flict with Spain must be pronounced one of the
I most remarkable wars in the annals of history. It is
| unique in modern times. Only by returning to the
! records of the middle ages can anything like a paral
! lei be found to the contest, and even then there was
i none of a similar nature on anything like an equal
I scale of magnitude and importance.
During the whole conflict the Spaniards made
■ hardly a serious effort to uphold their cause or their
empire. They fought bravely enough indeed when
trapped at Manila and at Santiago, but even in those
instances the fighting was wild and badly directed.
One fleet we sought out in the Philippines and de
stroyed, and another they sent to the West Indies ap
parently for no other purpose than to have it de
stroyed: and that being duly done, they straightway
sue for peace.
If the Spanish authorities had provoked a war with
the United States with the sole object of getting rid
of Cuba without the humiliation of surrendering to
the Cuban insurgents they could hardly have acted
other than they did. They fought just about enough
to make a record of having a war with us. but no
more. The defense of Santiago imposed upon us one
hard battle, in which our losses were the heaviest we
ever suffered in a single fight with a foreign foe. but
with that exception we won victories as bloodless as
they were brilliant.
The strategy of the Spaniards was, moreover, as
extraordinary as their incapacity in battle. Why
should Cervera have been sent to the West Indies
instead of the Philippines? Why should he have
gone into Santia-go and stayed there until block
aded? Why should he then endeavor to escape in
stead of remaining to help Toral defend the town?
Why, after the fleet was gone, did Toral try to hold
the town which was then of no use to either him or
us? Why, when defense was no longer possible, did
he surrender over 20,000 men with all their arms in
stead of marching away to join Blanco at Havana?
These tactics utterly confused our military authori
ties, and led in several instances to sad mistakes on
the part of our commanding officers. Sampson was
twice. caught. First he supposed that Cervera would
try to break the blockade at Havana, and he there
fore remained there and sent Schley on a scouting
.expedition,' with tlie result that Schley had the credit
of chasing the Spaniards into Santiago. Then Samp
son concludedthat Cervera would stay in that harbor
until forced' out' by the capture of the town, so he
went away one day and lost the glory of commanding
the fleet on the day of battle and victory.
Miles was even more unfortunate than Sampson.
When the Santiago expedition was fitted ut Miles
was offered command, but he believed that expedi
tion would be but a small affair and that the great
event of the war would be the campaign against
Havana. He therefore scorned to command a sub
ordinate army and sent Shatter to take charge. Now,
after all, there, is to be no Havana campaign. Shafter
has done all the fighting and gained all the glory, and
General Miles has had to console himself with com
manding a junketing expedition to Porto Rico. Is
it to be wondered that he and Sampson despise the
Spaniards and regard their war tactics as beneath
contempt?
According to the philosophy now prevalent in the
world there is a reason for everything except the ver
dict of a petit jury- It may be assumed, therefore,
that some reason exists for the course the Spanish
Government has pursued. The discovery of that
reason will constitute the mystery story of historians
yet to be. but for this generation it will be accounted
a conundrum and given up.
No occasion for surprise exists in the circumstance
that Chinese admitted to the country on the pretext
of being exhibitors at the Omaha Exposition should
now be living in this. city. The exposition scheme
is a good one and does not seem to wear out.
Now that ex-Governor Hogg of Texas is here it
would be a good time to ask him whether or not he
really named his two daughters Ima and Ura. Per
haps the story was on-ly a campaign libel.
Evidently the new Farragut understands its busi
! ness. The torpedo-boat that failed to run into some
! thing and twist its, nose would not be in the same
} class with any vessel now afloat.
Aguinaldo was what may be termed too previous
in proclaiming himself dictator. He will be lucky if
so much as permitted to-be a private citizen of the
Philippines.
New York and Tennessee soldiers have had a little
fight, but naturally the boys did not wish to go home
without a sign of a scrap.
There seems to be no harm in .permitting Spain to
keep a few boats. She can't hurt anybody with them,
anyhow.
For some men to explain their position is easy; but
Maguire has so many of them.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
WE have pointed out the lies of yellow'jour
nalism, in partnership with the bond-peddling
Cuban Junta, concerning the insurgent gov
ernment of that island. The war has exposed these
lies completely. It exposed the bond and blanket
mortgage conspiracy which incited those lies. It
has exposed the personal, financial interests of yel
low journalism in the bond-peddling conspiracy.
Cuba had no insurgent government, nor army, nor
treasury. The internal weakness and corruption of
Spain had permuted bands of predatory outlaws to
ravage the islands, while the Junta in New York,
with true Spanish instinct, set up a criminal specula
tion in a so-called "revolution," which was as much
entitled to belligerent rights or diplomatic recog
nition as its kindred industry of train robbing in the
United States. The President knew all this and
asked authority to do what Spain had failed to do, to
secure peace and order and stability of government
in the island. But the House wanted war and the
Senate wanted war and recognition of the insurgent
government, which had no existence to be recog
nized.
We succeeded in avoiding the folly of recognition
and declared war to expel Spain from the island.
This we have done by the shortest and sharpest war
in our history. We have made more history and un
made more geography with a less expenditure of
blood than appears in the martial record of any other
nation. We have put our army and our navy fore
most among the world's fighters by land and sea.
We have given heroes and heroic incidents to the
history of action at arms, and the chapter will make
men's nerves thrill and tingle through the ages. Now
at the end we are faced with the problem which
occupied the soldier-statesman in the White House
at the beginning. There is no Cuban ' government
and no Cuban army. The food we sent to the phan
tom of yellow journalism has been eaten and the am
munition has been used in murdering prisoners of
war and mutilating the bodies of the dead.
The President must now act on the declaration of
Congress that "the Cuban people are and ought to be
independent," and must secure to them stability of
government. The people, .being independent, must
choose and fashion the form of government that will
best maintain their independence and afford the most
stable protection to the rights of person and prop
erty. It is clearly disclosed that both will need pro
tection from the criminal rapacity of those pets of
yellow journalism, the so-called "patriots," whose
idea of independence is exemption from labor and
whose highest conception of liberty is freedom to
steal the property won by the industry of the thrifty
and orderly people.
The President having directed the war to a con
clusion; having so managed the friendship of Great
Britain as to protect us from a Continental alliance;
having convinced Spain that she would better treat
directly with us for terms, and having so humbled
her false pride that she conceded all of his conditions,
must now address himself to the greater task of
bringing order out of the Cuban chaos.
It may be expected that the yellow journals will try
to poke their long ringers into this question. We ex
pect torrid pronunciamentos from the Junta and
negro rhetoric from the San Domingan Gomez, and
a renewal &11 along the line of the issxte of recognition
of those unworthies. They still hug their blanket
mortgage and want to lay it like a blister of canthar
ides to draw the substance of the island from those
to whom it belongs, for the benefit of the crooked,
criminal and yellow journalism and the gilding of
their own pockets'. It is to be hoped that the coun
try will aid the President in following the line Of his
knowledge in the premises by founding a govern
ment oh something else than bandit raiders and bar
barous robbers.
AN UNEQUAL DISTRIBUTION.
THE "sectional" political argument when once
introduced into State politics may be made to
produce some curious results. We trust our
esteemed Republican friends in Southern California
and Alameda County, since they are using this line
of argument for the promotion of their influence in
this campaign, will not take offense if we direct their
attention to a few facts in connection with it. Our
purpose, we may add, is to foster the general Re
publican welfare and not to make odious compari
sons or draw invidious distinctions.
At the election of 1896 Alameda County cast about
22,000 votes. At the present time the county is repre
sented in the State and National Government by a
United States Senator, a Superintendent of the Mint,
a Commissioner of Emigration, a Congressman, a
Supreme Justice and a member of the State Board
of Equalization. For the coming campaign the
county has presented two candidates for Governor, a
third who claims that he formerly resided within its
boundaries, and the usual number of aspirants for
minor offices.
The region south of Tehachapi comprises seven
counties: Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Ber
nardino, San Diego, Santa Barbara and Ventura. At
the election of 1806 they polled about 60,000 votes, or
less than one-fifth of the total vote of the State.
The region is not heavijy Republican. It gave Mc-
Kinley a little over 1000 plurality. In the present na
tional and State government Southern California has
a United States Senator, an Attorney General, a clerk
of the Supreme Court, and the usual quota of local
officials. It will present to the coming State con
vention candidates for Governor, Supreme Justice,
Attorney General, State Treasurer and clerk of the
Supreme Court. At the Legislature of 1809, if that
body happens to be Republican, it will present the
names of two candidates for United States Senator.
Southern California and Alameda County, it will
thus be seen, although casting less than 25 per cent
of the vote of the State, are in possession of nearly
all the offices. If they are given what their politi
cians ask for in this campaign and the people elect a
Republican administration. Southern California and
Alameda County will have actually captured "every
thing in sight." ■ •
We do not know whether the politicians of these
regions have ever heard of it, but there is a city in
California called San Francisco. It cast at the last
election over 60,000 votes. Yet it has no Senator,
and it is represented in the State government only
by two Supreme Justices. We have not thus far in
this campaign heard anybody in Southern California
or Alameda County "mention" a San Francisco can
didate for any office. In fact, the silence in this re
spect is so oppressive that Mr. de Young has been
compelled to "mention" himself for Senator.
Would it not be a good idea for the politicians of
Southern California and Alameda County to consider
this city in connection with something? We defeated
the last Republican Governor over here, and but for
us Bryan would have carried the State. We are cer
tainly entitled to a poundkeeper, a rear porter, a tide
waiter or something.
Rea will probably find at Sacramento that even if
he can carry Santa Clara in his pocket there is not
room in that receptacle for the whole State.
THE FUTURE OF CUBfl.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Some people object to the title of this
column. Some go so far as to object
to the general style of it. I call at
tention of the malcontents to the fact
that there are many other things to
read. There is Shakespeare and the
Bible, and the rest of the paper.
Charles B. Hill writes to me a gentle
note of correction. Mr. Hill is an as
tronomer who has the peculiar advan
tage of being so tall that he gets right
among the stars without any neces
sity for using a telescope. I have for
him the greatest respect, but he can't
call me down without exciting a few
remarks. He says, does this towering
Hill, that I said in the game of crib
bage four four's and seven count twen
ty. Now I never said anything of the
sort. The man who said that four
fours and a seven count twenty was
somebody else, and he is off on a va
cation. I never assume to say any
thing about matters of such serious
Import, and couldn't tell a game of
cribbage from a sewing circle. Ac
cording to all mathematical rule, four
fours ought to count sixteen, and seven
more ought to make twenty-three. Ac
cording to Professor Hill, the total is
twenty-four. I don't see how he fig
ures it. But argument is useless. I
will give Professor Hill the address
of his adversary as soon as it can be'
ascertained, and am certain the pro
fessor will get the worst of it. There
is no wisdom in a mere scientist's burk
ing against a trained query editor,
whose business is to know all that
anybody else knows and a great deal
that nobody else ever thought of.
The Alameda Encinal refuses to be
lieve the doctrine that God made the
law of the survival of the fittest. Well,
there may be room for doubt. The
Encinal survives.
* •
It is a circumstance to be deplored
that Mary E. Martin is to be freed
from the penitentiary. The pretext
seems to be that the woman does not
have the best of health. She was
sentenced for one of the meanest
bunko games ever perpetrated, and I
did not happen to notice that the Judge
in passing sentence said, "For four
teen years, or as long as agreeable to
the lady."
• • *
There is somebody who writes In the
Fresno Watchman "Ideas of the Hour."
There are enough ideas to prove that
not a minute of the hour has been
wasted.
* * •
It is not surprising that the lepers
supposed to be incarcerated in the pest
house should be walking the streets.
Leprosy, as I understand it, i.i a mis
fortune, rather than a crime, and the
victims of it have some right to be
regarded as human beings. The place
provided for them Is not fit to shelter
a sick dog. I do not know who are re
sponsible for the outrage, but' whoever
they are deserve to have the malady,
and I trust the lepers will look them up
and endeavor, with success, to com
municate it.
• • *
Occasionally Governor Budd says
much in few words when he would be
wise to use more words and say less.
For instance, he wrote of the First
California after they had made a good
record under fire: "What else could
we expect? They are Californians."
It seems to me that they are also
Americans, and that this would have
been the better view to have taken.
The man who writes his own epitaph
is apt to make a mistake. There have
been : exceptions, as when Stevenson
penned the beautiful lines marking his
resting place, but Bismarck was no ex
ception. "A faithful German Servant
of the Emperor, William I." Such was
the word he left to be inscribed upon his
tomb. It is not a proud epitaph. Bis
marck -was great in life, but the ap
proach of death seems to have en
smaljed him. A life devoted to being
the faithful servant of any individual
would be in great measure wasted. I
move that the epitaph be revised to
read: "The faithful master of the
Empercfr, whose servant he was sup
posed to be."
• • •
A man named James writes to the
Visalia Delta to explain that the war
with Spain was a horrible mistake. I
am pained to know that a person with
such an excellent name should be so
distressingly off hi^ base.
The correspondent who speaks of
"light refreshments being dispersed"
probably has reference to the guests.
To touch upon politics has never been
my province in this column, but now
that the war is over, and Publlcola.
having devoured me, is quiescent, while
the Visalia poet is singing: low, I want
to make an incursion into the untried
domain. I think this will be per
mitted, the attitude of the Examiner
being excuse enough, and its ridicu
lous efforts to stir up. discord, or make
people believe it has, supplying the pre
cise text. Now what is the Examiner
anyhow? A journalistic buffoon, jing
ling its bells and drawing attention to
itself by monkey antics, and having
caught the public eye and ear, not re
alizing that it is being hissed and
hooted, for it is not even an educated
monkey. It is a paper whose repre
sentatives were bounced from Cuba be
cause of the malign efforts to make
mischief there; whose opinions are
jeered and whose "news" is only be«
lieved when there is corroborative evi
dence. It does not appear to me that
the Examiner's efforts are being well
directed. But a drowning man has a
right to catch at straws, and with Ma
guire and the Examiner animals on
the Democratic raft the catching has
begun early. The Examiner wants the
public to accept its statement that the
leaders of the Republican party are at
outs, and view each other with distrust.
The public has had its fill of gold
bricks. It accepts nothing from that
source. Having no more personal pol
itics than the writing newspaper man
generally, I can view the scene with
out bias, hoping only that the best man
may win, and confident that Maguire
is not only not the best man, but about
the worst who could have been selected.
He bears the standard of the Popu
lists, and Populists roar a protest. He
will bear the standard of the Demo
crats, and many Democrats have al
By HENRY JAMES.
1 ready begun their shouts of disap
proval. No wonder there is a desire
to create the impression that the Re
publican party is split. Colonel Dan
Burns, whom I do not know and never
saw, is being- reproached for his silence.
The Examiner is doing this. In the
enforced absence of Hearst, Andy Law
rence is the Examiner. I recall hav
ing seen in public print statements con
cerning Andy, charging him with
blackmail and other crimes. It does
not appear to me that any antagonism
from this creature can do aught but
benefit that agafnst which it may be
directed. Colonel Burns is "silent."
That is, he does not summon Andy to
the 'phone and break into the confi
dence of that gentleman. He does not
resent the attacks, because mayhap he
has important things to do. I haven't
very important things to do myself,
and therefore undertake to throw these
few comments into the situation, as
everybody wants to contribute some
thing to the campaign. I believe the
Republicans will win, because they in
tend to unite on a good candidate, and
all the present discussion is directed to
ward finding out who this man may
be. It is an entirely proper and fra
ternal discussion, and the Examiner
cannot produce enough noise to dis
guise the fact, nor conceal that the
Democratic camp is the seat of broils.
Still, It will be admitted that Colonel
Burns is "silent." Ido not doubt that
in his silence he occasionally breaks
into a smile at the frantic exhibition
into which the Examiner has resolved
itself, all of It tending to Injure the
Popo-Demo outfit. When the Merry
Andrew can think of nothing better to
do than reiterate alleged remarks of
Colonel Burns concerning others high
in the party, remarks supposed to have
been made long ago, in all probability
never made, and of no public impor
tance if made, it strikes my humble
judgment that the Examiner needs an
editor of brains and character. How
ever, this is hardly worth mentioning.
It has needed such an editor for a long
time.
• » •
No, Bard. You are spelled with two
r's from this time on.
The willful murder committed by
Cheesman in Oakland strengthens a
theory I have long entertained. This
man, judged by all standards, is crazy,
and yet he ought to be hanged with
out delay. Under the mysterious dis
pensations of Providence there are cer
tain Individuals fit for nothing else but
the scaffold. I believe that when a
man is mentally competent to plan a
crime and carry out the plan, he should
be punished for it, even if the fact is
established that his grandmother was
queer and an uncle on his father's side
once addicted to kleptomania. In fact,
I would favor the abolition of the plea
of insanity. When murderous intent
is unrestrained the practical result is
the same, whether the assassin is a lu
natic, a degenerate or a vulgar rob
ber. Hang them all, and get them out
of the way. The public is under no
obligation to keep them, and is doing
no good by doing so.
A distinguished local Journalist has
gone to the trouble of endeavoring to
show the general superiority of the
Spanish over the American and nations
of kindred blood. The first impulse
upon reading the fool stuff is, of course,
in the direction of anger, but to per
mit any such impulse to have sway
would be an error, and much to the
delight of the journalist in question,
who does not deserve any such tribute.
When Bierce, who is one of the strong
writers of the time, runs on with the
wanton babble of an idiot, any thought
ful person knows upon reflection that
he does it deliberately and with the
hope of winning thatj disapprobation
which is dear to his contrary soul.
Compliments to "A Subscriber" and
will she, he or it explain what it, he
or she may happen to be a subscriber
to? "A Subscriber" says: "Hew to
the line; let the chips fall where they
may." An excellent sentiment hereto
fore indorsed. I may not be an ex
pert in hewing to the line, but I think
the anonymous writer, who presumes
to send his, her or its counsel to a
newspaper is about as low a type of
the coward as ever appeared on the
human horizon to fulfill the mission of
being a horrible example. If there are
any chips about this, I hope some of
them will fall where they may attract
the attention of "A Subscriber" to the
fact that she, he or it is a feminine,
masculine or neuter ass. I had already
given warning that the anonymous
were unpopular with me, but the case
under consideration is not particularly
grievous, and so I use only mild and
pleasing terms this time. But a day
of wrath is coming.
"R. M. M." presents some original
thoughts in the Fresno Republican, but
I think he will excuse me for saying
that he is too flippant. His declara
tion that Christ, If on earth, would be
offered $25,000 to speak the Sermon on
the Mount into a phonograph, jars on
the nerves alike of the religious and
the worldly. The Sermon is one of the
grandest enrichments of literature and
morals.
♦ • •
With the utmost friendliness. I would
give a word of counsel to the young
woman who sends in a story entitled
"Love's Work," if I thought for a mo
ment she would heed it.
Ullian Russell has gone abroad to
sing. She is said to be under contract
to do this for $3000 a week. Now, what
is the sense in lying? Everybody who
knows enough to chew gum, to say
nothing of the superior beings who
know enough not to chew it, knows
that she will not get any such money, I
I regret to have reached the conclu- •
sion during Lillian's last visit to the |
coast that she is fair, forty, fat and a
frost.
* * *
If the Massachusetts regimental of
ficers who resigned did so, as reported,
because they drew the color line and
refused to return the salutes of negro
troops, it was proper to accent their
resignations, but they ought to have
been escorted to the edge of the camp
and kicked across by the insulted sol
diers.
• • •
Paris women are said to have taken
up a fashion of injecting perfume as
a fiend injects morphine. Ido pot
know how tljis will affect their looks,
but in the end it ought to make them
pleasing cadavers.
* • ♦
To me the most pitiful feature of the
war has not been the deaths of some
I of the soldiers in oattle nor the hard
' ships suffered on a foreign field. At
' least the soldiers died while stimulated
and inspired by the thought that their
lives were being offered to their coun
try. As to the hardships undergone
i by the rest, these had been expected
| and were inevitable. But the young
j soldiers for months in camp here hdd
I a right to expect decent treatment from
1 the Government. They have not had
it. Unnecessary exposure has killed
many of them. The food has been
bad. The uniforms furnished have
I been shoddy. Unless observers have
j been led astray, some of the doctors
are' lncompetent and some of the nurses
unfit to give bran mash to an ailing
mule. People may theorize • all they
want to about these facts and try to
Invent excuses for the, authorities, but
there can be no shadow of excuse. At
first there was a rush and confusion,
{ but passing weeks should have reme-
I died all this. it did not. There has
been neglect and cruelty, and the row
! of graves in the Presidio Cemetery haa
i been steadily growing, and each new
! mound is a silent and awful reproach
I to the army and the War Department.
j The brave lads sleeping there ought to
be still wearing the uniform of the
troops and ready to obey the call to
duty or go to their distant homes.
They are as truly martyrs as those who
perished at Santiago. To me their
I fate is the pitiful feature of the war.
| I would erect to them a monument and
on it inscribe: "Murdered by the Na
tion They Loved."
LADIES OF OLD CADIZ.
I'd like to gro to Cadiz.
Just to see those witching ladies,
•Those witching, witching ladies, whers
the orange blossoms Mow;
With their dainty cigarillas,
And thoir quite too sweet mantillas —
Oh, to Cadiz, with its ladies I will go.
And when our guns were booming,
With a p'ty quite consuming
I would fay, "Oh, charming ladies, pleaea
to hustle now aboard:
For although we humble Cadiz
We don't war against the ladies.
And the ladies of old Cadiz need not fear
the Yankee sword."
' And with their cigarillas.
j And their all too cute mantillas,
I would load up every cruiser with this 1
fascinating crew;
And so by easy stages
I would bring these fair hostages,
All these ladies of old Cadiz, far acrosg
the ocean blue.
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
BOSTON UNTEBRIFIED.
One gratifying result of our recent na
val operations is the relief of Boston's
I apprehensioßS. The worthy people in the
New England metropolis, modestly con
; sclous that no other place in the I
' States could be known to the Spaniards,
I have been in hourly terror of the descent
! of a Spanish fleet upon the Beverly shore.
| They can feel reassured now. Our sailor
i boys have done their work completely.
j Not a seagoing Spanish war vessel has
been left unsmasht-d on this side of tho
i Atlantic, save the Infanta Isabel, skulk
i Ing behind the forts at San Juan. Nahant
j and Nantasket, Manchester-by-the-Sea
1 and Beverly Farms are as safe from at
tack as Chicago or Pike's Peak, as, in
deed, they have been rig-ht along 1 , save
to a supersensltive sense of Boston's
splendor. The Bostonians who have with
drawn to the interior may resume their
usual seaside studies with the proper
peace of mind.— New York Sun.
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia Glace Fruits, 50c Ib. in fire etch
boxes. 627 Market St., Palace Building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Conductor — Say, can't you road?
Man with the Cigar— Of course. I can.
Conductor — Well, don't you soe that
sign that says: "Gents will not smoke on
this car?"
Man with the Cigar (indignantly)— I
' want you to tmderstand, sir, that I am no
j gent. — Chicago fwvva
To Portland and Return $20 First-
Class.
Account Pacific Coast Dental Congress. By O.
R. and N. Co.'c steamer, sailing August 18.
Inquire at 630 Market street.
CUUM rates aerain reduced via the Santa Fa
route. Call at th^ new ticket office. 62S Market.
A visitor to the British Museum reports
that he saw a countryman standing be
fore the bust of a woman in a collection
ot statuary. The woman was rep:
ed in the act of coiling her hair. and. as
the visitor came up, the countryman was
saying- to himself:
"No, sir, that ain't true to nature. She
ain't pot her mouth full of hairpins "— .
Tit-bits.
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
MACKAY'S
i Furniture !
\ Must I
JLfXliDl/ :|
Go!
I THIS DEPARTMENT TO Bft EN- §
; TIRELY CLOSEb OUT. :
i $33,000 WORTH. OF FURNITURE AT •" I
I . ACTUAL COST. ■ j
1 Stock complete In every detail. A J
I rare opportunity to buy .good goods, ij
; At auction prices. A few quotations: J
! SOLID OAK CENTER TABLES.. 43c. j .
S SOLID OAK DINING CHAlRS.... !><><■ I
I SOLID OAK COBBLER ROCK- i
ERB ..' ...'..:.. ...51.75 '
i SOLID OAK- UPHOLSTERED |
' ARM ROCKERS *U.»O !
■ LARGE ANTIQUE CHIFFO- •.-<} [
' NIERS 93.63
j 3 PIECE EASTERN HARD- i
d WOOD CHAMBER. SETS.. .9I2.63 '
ANTIQUE PILLAR EXTEN- - »
j ' SION TABLES... *« 75
' CORDUROY COUCHES 80 "S" 7
! BED LOUNGES .Patent) ....jjts!;>3 '
] About 25 high grade CHAMBER \
SUITS in quartered oak. Bird's Eve s
Maple, Solid^Mahogany. at correspond- i
ing prices. Brass and Enameled Beds '
I at any price. ■ • " . J
\'[ CARPETS! y I
I In This Department During
, FURNITURE CLOSE OUT ' I
i -LOW PRICES PREVAIL. . • f
20 patterns SMITH'S TAPESTRY r.sc ?
MOQUETTE RUGS, 27x63... *1 .*.->
MOQUETTE RUGS. 36x72 83.23 i
L1N0LEUM......:...... . iSe I
WINDOW OPAQUE SHADES," ;
■ 3x7 «...., .....40c I -
! ALEX. MACKAY & SON, 1
i 715 Market St. ! H
PAIN LESS DENTISTRY
V v i»Ap Jjfß FullSetofXeeth
• <S&?«j[ li^Pk ' extracting free $5 oo up
<o JB^&^SV!^ Gold Crowns 22k .' $3 soup
V^~raS<ds»»-- V" Fillings - - - as cts. up
% J^-ilPJag'K'-a. CS> Open Evenings & Sundays
g"^«j!£*Cii VAN VROOIWI
■■^•WrTl/Ov? ' Electro Dental Purlers .-,-.
<§» I^\ Sixth and Market
w ;■ Dr. Q W. Kleiser, Prop. -\=.
* *
* •
11 — I — • — ♦ ■» ■
First and SecondMAGUIRE TAKES
TO THE WOODS
£>id Not Care to Mix in
•.:, Local Fight.
M'NAB'S MOTIVES ARE KNOWN
SAli) TO BE FURTHERING
I . V ..Ells BROTHER'S AMBITION.
Political Pot Is Boiling Merrily and
' Country Politicians Are Look-
ing After Their Local
Fights.
'Congressman Maguire left the city Fri
day .-;nd went to Santa Cruz to evade the
.pressure which was being brought to bear
m by the Harneyites. Although ho
ndeavored to keep out of the fleht
• n the two factions of the Demo
cratic party In this city the fusion candi
date for Governor has been drawn Into it,
and, considering discretion better than
vaJ'or, he took to the woods.
.Immediately after Maguire's arrival
from the Bast Chairman Alford of the
Democratic State Central Committee took
charge of him and endeavored to con
vince him that the Harney faction was
only a band of disappointed office-seekers.
Jlut Major Harney had an interview with
Kfaguire day before yesterday, and the
other side of the controversy was ex
plained. The Judge treated the subject
•very diplomatically and would not ex
press. any opinion on the action of the
triumvirate consisting of Gould, Alford
ami McXab, and to get away irom any
further complications he went to Santa
Crqß. He may return to the city to-night.
. but will not do so unless he is assured
...'.that he will not be compelled by one fac-
tJan or the other to say which Is In th<
■■. h&ht.
V" ".The. .managers of the Democratic 9tat<
•■"•<"■ <r. ventfon have so fur been unable t<
-.'."arrange a slate for next week, and th<
v-' n'alne of the chairman is still unknown
. : .••J'a.itnn of Los Angeles has been men
! -tiotied for temporary chairman by th(
■*>• hp's-ae's, but his attitude toward the Stat<
•J committee in regard to the San Fran
.■'••cfisi'o.. tight Is a matter of doubt, and Al
K.xe.Hl, Gould and McNab are not sure tha
■f. b.e .-wo-uld-be a safe man for the position
.■■.■•■• There are many indications that th(
.;•■ 'crirfrmlttee of 100 is anxious to effect t
,v. ■cfira'promise with the Harneyites, but th<
".-. t'-x.in.s offered have so far been rejectee
. ";iKlthout parley.
'.'• : •'"Whispering" Gavin McXab's motive ir
[.".continuing the light which is disrupting
•"-.tfie Democratic party in the city is be
have foundation in the fact thai
:. -.his brother. James McNab. the drayman
• htfs been promised the Republican nomin
" atlon for Sheriff. Many prominent Demo
'. cra.ts, who have not taken sides in th«
ling fight, are convinced that the- self
: boss is not sincere in his ex
to purify municipal politics
on the contrary, he is endeavoring tr
ipt his party and thereby insure tht
;on of his brother to the Shrievalty.
; -As the BfcNaba are known to be a thrlft>
.{Clan it is further argued that "Whisper
: ing" Gavin will be his brother's attorney
• if; the latter Is elected Sheriff. Two years
James McNab sought the Republican
nomination fur Sheriff but was defeated
:• ddick. McXab then accepted a place
. <>n the A. P. A. ticket and was snowed un
der.. His reappearance in the list of appli
;\cg'«ts for th.- nomination for Sheriff was
1,1 together unexpected, as }jf^ conduct
ire ago is still fresh in the mem
■ wbo supported th,- Re
• publican ticket.
": 'Whispering" Gavin's Congressional
■ fispirattonfl have at last been openly
\ commented upon by his organ, the Exani
.' in»>r. although he has not as yet been
. fciyen precedence over James H. Barry by
Hearst organ. It is known, however,
'. -thfL' supporters are going to
'■.'.Sacramento with a large number of prox
and the whispering boss is thought
aye control of the majority of tho
:--d£tegates in the Fourth District. An ex
./a-mihation of the list of delegates im'i
•■ <-ates that about forty of the eighty-nine
...tire 'McNab mcti. and that th.- others are
-divided in their allegiance between Law
: lor.-" Barry and Dwver. McNab's oppo
• Rent's export to make a showing at the
■ State convention which will cause a
great many of his followers, who are
•■'lukewarm in their suport, to desert his
•' Standard and thus leave the fight an open
. .'.one.
In this city and in various portions of
.-.-'. t lie-. State rumor is busy with the name
- '-of [ George A. Newhall. It has been sug
;' gested that he b<- pat forward by the
• ■ Republicans as a candidate for Gover
' nor. and there are many who hold flrm
• . : ly to the belief that he Is the "dark
-horse," the existence of which seems to
be- -troubling the minds of more than
. '-.trne; of the wise ones. Mr. Newhall hii>
■ • also been spoken of as a candidate for
: Lieutenant Governor, his friends being
Strong in the belief that he could secure
■ the nomination over Thomas H. Selvage
'. of : ftumboldt, who is an aspirant for
' •••Che' position. The latest report from the
'■/.-street is that Mr. Newhall will seek the
: Domination for Mayor on the Republl
- . '-caiir ticket.
;,:^;CANDIDATE
■ . FOR GOVZRNOR
...-Announcement Made by C.
... L, : Patton, the Weil-Known
•; ;:.• Attorney of This City.
" ' -GHarles L. Patton, the well-known at
torney, of this city, has shied hie castor
'into- the political ring and will contest
. with, others for the place at the head of
.the Republican State ticket. Mr. Patton
. " returned to the city yesterday from an
• ex'te.nded tour through the northern coun
•••".tl«fs;_"of the State, where, it is said, he re
ceived many assurances that his candi
■-claey would meet with firm support.
'. ;.'?% ha-ve been urged by many personal
; and . political friends," said Mr. Patton,
.'"to 'seek the .Republican nomination for
'.. Governor, but heretofore I have declined
' to ; give, any definite reply to these re
■ quests.. My reticence has been due to a
'.xjeslre .on my part to be sure that the
: i Republicans of the State had no par
:-ticu(ar. preference, because in such a case
■it .-would be wrong, in my judgment, for
a-.man to enter the contest against a
'" Tnqn- on -whom the hearts of the people
..were fixed.
.-"."It- now appears that such a prefer
.•. p .T>ce . as this has not been expressed;
• thew?fpre I feel myself justified In yield
.•.•lnK'to the entreaties of my friends and
.rny.:own desire to have it known that I
: - aspire to the highest and most honor
able, position within the gift of the peo
•- pie of .this State."
' .i- ? a A lon declined to discuss the de
.••.tails of, _his candidacy for the reason, he
• +;»*): .that his plans wore not wholly ma
5 .ture«J,. and he had not had time or the
.opportunity to consult with his friends
.; rnce his arrival in the city. All that
•■•]. re..-.was. Prepared to say at the present
• ■time, was thai his name would probably
- he.- presented to the Republican State
•convention as a candidate for the guber
. natbrial nomination. '
: '-•. .. .. .SELECTED DELEGATE 3.
v Forty-Fourth District Republican
-.;•-, ;Club Meets and Elects Officers.
■.■.Permanent organization was effected
.'by the Thirty-fourth District Republican
.Club "last night in Mission Opera-hall A
■large "number of representative business
mes.and property owners of that section
: ".attended the meeting and took an active
.• interest "In the business transacted.
"After electing E. I. Robinson chairman
" F. A. Miller secretary, I. J. Truman tirst
vice-president, S. J. Moran second vice
.'president and Dawson Nichols treasurer
the club got down to business, in quick
order the following members were nomi
nated as candidates for the position of
delegates to the Sacramento , convention:
I. J. Truman, -'. Klchols, A. J. Allen, K.
N Chase, F. J. Hearst, Fred Waible, T.
Zant, W. E. Bouton, J. J. Moran, S.
Booth, J. Miller. George Phillips. J. Sul
livan. B. H. Bartelle, J. J. Jackson, E. I.
Ki'blnson, F. S. Gunn, E. R. Merriman
and J. S. Hutchins.
A committee, consisting of Chairman E.
I. Robinson. I. J. Truman and L». Nichols,
was empowered to select from the above
list ten names to be voted on at the
primary election next Thursday.
Mr. Nichols, a member of the committee,
stated to the members that the names se
lected would represent the best and
strongest Republicans in the district, and
he therefore called on all present to vote
the club ticket at the polls. He said he
reared that the County Committee wou.d
not recognize the selections, and if it did
not. the ticket would be offered as an
independent one. "The men we choose,"
said he. "win not go to the convention
in the vest pocket of some boss, but will
vote for the best interests of the Repub
lican party."
The speaker's sentiments were applaud
ed, and the meeting adjourned.
NORTH END REPUBLICANS.
Voters in the Forty-Fourth and For
ty-Fifth Assembly Districts
Organize.
Ninety-six Republican voters in the
Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Assembly
districts met last evening at r>l3 Montgom
ery avenue and organized the North End
Republican Club. As this is the first Re
publican club organized at the North End
and as the organizers are reputable and
representative citizens of that section of
the city it is confidently expected that
the dub will have a very large member
ship by the. time the campaign is well on.
The officers of the club are: President,
Joseph P. Lavln; vice president, James
Hearty: recording secretary. George
Beerdedt; treasurer, A. J. Outran; ser
geant-at-arms, John Camnbell.
Charles J. Scheble, organizer for the
North End, called the meeting to i rder.
It was decided to send a delegation from
the ciub to the Republican State conven
tion at Sacramento.
Indorse James H. Barry.
At a meeting of the Printers" Club, held
Thursday evening, a resolution was adopt
ed Indorsing the candidacy of James H.
Barry for the Congressional nomination
in the Fourth District.
THE GANG CONVENTION.
Rea's Forces Meet and Nominate a
Full County Ticket.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 13.— The Rea Repub
j lican forces met in convention at Turn
; Vwein Hall at 10 o'clock this morning.
All the delegates elected were present,
and those defeated by the Good Govern
ment I<€tigue candidates were ready to
Step into the seats of the bolting dele
■ gates. "Jim" Rea and the M;k kenzies
j were in evidence and hard at work among
the delegates. Everything had been pre
arranged, however, and the workings of
th<- convention were as smooth as the
running of well-oiled machiperey.
This afternoon nominations w.-rt,- made
! for tin various county offices. Only in
! one cast- was there any opponent to the
•■ nominee. In that instance J. C. Ulack
beat D. W. Hun-hard for Superior Judge.
i The slate arranged by Boss Rea went
through without a hitch. The ticket nomi
nated is as follows:
County Superintendent of Schools-
Henry C. Faber of Palo Alto.
Judge of Superior Court— J. C. Black.
Sheriff— R. J. Langford.
County Clerk— T. F. Morrison.
Tax Collector— Rush McComas.
Assessor — Adolnh Greeninger.
Recorder— Charles P. Owen.
District Attorney— B. .v Jl.-rrlngton.
Treasurer— Joseph A. Lots.
Auditor— W. P. Parker.
Surveyor — J. G. McMillan.
Coroner and Public Administrator— J. K.
Secord.
City Justice— J. W. Gass.
Township Justices— W. J. Kirkpntrick,
W. T. Nolting.
Constables— Ed Haley, M. F. Marshall.
Assemblymen: Fifty-fourth District-
Walter A. i Mark of Mountain View; Fifty
fifth District— J. D. Kelsey; Fifty-sixth
District -Matt Arnrrich.
Senator, Thirtieth District— CharL- M
Shortrklge.
Supervisors: Thirst District— Klmer Rea ;
Fourth District — George A. Notley.
FOR GOOD GOVERNMENT.
j
Delegates to the League Organize a
County Convention.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 13.— The Good Govern- ,
ment League delegates and those that
were candidates for delegates met at
Rutherford Hall this morning and organ- '
ized a county convention. F. B. Wise, .i.
delegate-elect to the county convention, !
nominated J. R. Johns for temporary j
chairman, and his election was unani
mous. E. W. Conant was named for tem
porary secretary by G. L. Tarleton. an- j
other delegate. This election was also j
unanimous.
Over 100 were present at the convention.
The resolution adopted at yesterday's i
meeting of Good Government League was
read and unanimously adopted. it Is as
follows:
Resolved. That on account of flagrant frauds |
perpetrated by emissaries of the gang in al- ■
rnest every precinct in the county during the
primary election of the 10th lnst., we, the '
<;-i.; -i. ill ( ; f-vcrnment League, repudiate the elec- i
tion and any action which may be taken by
♦ lie convention to be held on August 13, and i
earnestly request all members of this organ- j
ization, in the interest of political purity, good
government and stanch Republicanism, to re
main away from said convention.
This started a discussion that was short ,
but vigorous. At times the applause was
deafening. The methods employed by the l
gang at the primaries were given a full :
expose.
]c was the expression of those present |
that aside from perfecting a temporary
organization nothing be done.
The following resolution was Introduced
and adopted unanimously:
Ived, That on account of the contpst to
1"- Inaugurated at the State convention on
account of fraud and Illegality In recent pri
mary elections, vcp do adjourn to the 27th of
August at 10 a. in., at this place.
The convention then adjourned.
Monterey's Republican Primaries.
SAUNAS. Auk- 13.— The Republican
primaries passed off quietly this after
noon, and resulted in the election of the
delegates nominated by the Younc Men's
Republican Club by an overwhelming ma
jority over the so-called purity opposition
ticket put in the fteW at the eleventh
hour by the Anti-saloon League, which
wanted an anti-saloon plank platform.
The delegates chosen ar»' the choice of the
Republican party here for the convention
next Tuesday. Reports from all over the
county point to quiet primaries.
SOLDIERS HAVE A FIGHT
The Tennesseeans and New
Yorkers "Come Together"
at the Presidio.
Although some of the officers of the
First New York and First Tennessee are
disposed to make light of the "scrim
mage" between the men of these regi
ments Friday night, It might have been
a serious affair.
It seems that for some little time there
has been existing between the New York-
ers and the Tennesseeans considerable ill
feeling, so the story goes, and on Friday
night It culminated in a fight, the result
df a joke that originated with the Kan
sas Regiment. Some of the Kansans,
with their haversacks turned Inside out
And placed over their heads, paid a visit
in this disguise to th« Tennesseeans, who
after recovering from the surprise took
up the joke and made a similar raid on
the Fifty-first lowa, and then on the New
y<»rk men.
At the hands of the New Yorkers, how
ever, they met with a hot reception. Their
visit was by no means considered a joke,
and soon there was a free fight, the wea
pons being bare fists. The result was sev
eral black eyes, scratched faces, and
bruised noses. The excitement ran high
tor a time and it was with considerable
difficulty that the disturbance was finally
Duelled. It was necessary to- call on other
troops to put a stop to the battle. It is
raid that thi.s affair h.-is greatly intensi
fied the feeling between the Tennessee
men and the New Yorkers.
A statement received from the Presidio,
however, says that "the soldier were out
for fun and made a good deal of noise,
and wanteil to ex! end the fun indefinitely.
As the crowd was a large one. the guard
was turned out to separate the soldi. -rs
and get them back to th>-ir camps, mere
were no collisions whatever, and no
troops of cavalry were called out to dls
the soldiers. The officers are in
dignant that a little frolic Siiould have
lier-n made by some newspapers to rep
resent a display of rowdyism."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
PARDEE WINS
IN EVERY
DISTRICT
Makes a Clean Sweep
in Alameda County.
HAS MANY VOTES TO SPAR r
RESULT OF THE PRIMARY
ELECTIONS.
Declared to Be the Unanimous Choice
of the Alameda County
Republicans for
Governor.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— George C. Pardee
has captured every delegate to the Re
publican State convention— sixty-eight in
all — and will j^o to Sacramento on Augiist
23 as the unanimous choice of the Ala
meda delegation for Governor.
The complete vote by Aasembly dis
tricts is as follows:
District. Par-dee. Davis.
Forty-sixth 705 453
Forty-seventh 1336 4SO
Forty-eighth 975 314
Forty-ninth 1216 501
Fiftieth SU7 555
Fifty-first ..' : 1445 789
Delegate at large — 11. W. Snow. •
Forty-sixth District— A. W. Moore, Dr. W.
H. Cope, Charles Hadsell, H. T. Tllden. E. B.
Thompson, J. G. Mattos Jr., I. V. Ralph, J.
J. Halnes, C. B. Harmon.
Forty-seventh District— H. W. Meek, B. D.
Gray. W. F. Lynch, Egbect Stone, Hugh Dl
mond, Henry Sevenlng, Ralph Hamlln. J. L.
Ballenttne, J. B. Lanktree. Henry Tank, P.
S. Teller, C. S. Tlsdale. George Britt. J. C.
Bates Jr.
Forty-eighth District— C. Adams, A. C.
Beck. H. W. Church. J. H. Henderson, Frank
Barnett, Mil..- Doody, Eugene Lynch. F. I-:.
Brighain.
Forty-ninth District — .lame* Hamilton,
George Baxley, J. H. Bennett, C. A Chiches
ter, J. Q. Qulnn, F. K. Mott, William Long,
George K. Stetson, .1. M. Nash, L. H. Cobb,
Walter Young.
Fiftieth District— Clarence Crowell. J. W.
Tompklns, A. H. Breed, .1. F. Summers. John
Mitchell, .7. A. Bliss. George E. Randolph,
Marston Campbell, (,}nortre S. Meredith, P. \V
Bellingall.
Fiftv-tirst Dlstrirt-S. N. WyckoO, W. H.
Wast--. E. C. Marllave. Frank FowiJen. .h>hn
M. F..y. c. )I. Daly, A. .1. Read. J. T. Carey.
J. W. Kvans. Hugh Il.ipan 'V. A. Dow, Frank
Parcells, Q. B. Daniels, A. D. Colby, .7 M.
IVdrinl.
Some of Davis' friends claim that frauds
were perpetrated in some of the districts,
but the fact remains that in all of the dis
i tricts Pardee's majorities were sufflclently
NOT A SURPRISE TO PARDEE
OAKLAND, Aug. 13. — After the appearance of the campaign dur-
DR. GEORGE C. PARDEE, Choice
of the Alameda County Repub
licans for Governor.
; large to make the claim of little value so
far as results are concerned, In the out-
Bide <iisl ruts Davis made a better show-
Ing, in some precincts even getting a ma
jority, though not as large as he had
been'led to expect. ,
The support Of the railroad is sufficient
ly shown by the vote. In the strongest
railroad precincts Pardee has a majority
over Davis of anywhere from three to
seven to one. In the outlying districts
Davis ran more even.
It is claimed that Pardee s county com
mittee scored a point w^n arranging for
the primary by fixing the hours from S
a m. to fp. m. At the time an effort
was made to change th"m from 1 a. m.
to 7 P. m., but it was voted down, and
the reason Is now apparent. Many Re
publicans, whose business interests are in
Han Francisco, BO to the city on the four
trains leaving Net ween 7 and 8 a. m
These men naturally deferred voting until
after their return home, the polls being
open until X o'clock, when if they had
opened an hour earlier they would have
voted before crossing the bay. The result
was that when some of the commuters
went to the polls this evening they found
that their names had been voted.
In the Fourth Ward there was con
siderable dissatisfaction among the Par
dee crowd over the delegates their chief
had put up for them to vote for, but the
grumblers were in the minority, and the
ticket was elected.
In Alameda the unpledged ticket, so
clevcrlv captured by Pardee, went
through with a rush, and while the Dem
ocrats a* a rule helped it along, there
was little or none of the rough work that
niarked the election in Oakland.
The right between Pardee an* Davis had
become so bitter in Alame-da that many
Republicans had made up their minds
not to support either candidate. Pardee
turned this sentiment to his own advan
tage with astonishing results. His friends
got out a third ticket marked at the top
In bold letters, "Independent " and vot
ers were told that the names thereon were
In truth independent, when, in fact,
every one of Pardee's delegates was
OI To-n!ght there If a great crowd parad
ing the streets, shouting for Pardee and
shTittering the nerves of all peaceable cit
izens.
SAN JOAQUIN REPUBLICANS.
Nominate a County Ticket and Elect
State Delegates.
STOCKTON. Aug. 13.— The Republican
county convention to-day nominated a full
ticket and elected delegates to the State
convention as follows:
Sheriff. Walter Sibley, Treasurer. C. H.
Wakefleld; District Attorney, Arthur Ash
ley- ftjwessor, Louis Ortman; Coroner,
Dr Frank Clark; Clerk. Otto Gunsky;
\u000dr and Recorder, John Porrett; Sur
veyor Frank Quail; Superintendent of
Schools Edward Wright; Supervisors, O.
R Henderson of Stockton and M. Van
(ielder of Acampo.
Delegates to the State convention— A. 1,.
Lcvinsky, from the county at large;
George Tatterson. A. E Aubry. H. C.
Bender A. W. Simpson, C. H. Patterson.
Irving Martin. C. M. KenisUm. R. J. Per
rin W H. Mallory. (illinan Chase, Frank
West A. W. Davidson, J. C. Priestley, J.
M Blodgett, A. A. McClennand, H. B.
Knight. J. F. Hooper, Perry Yaple.
Sheriff Cunningham, who has held the
office since March. 1572. declined to again
be a candidate and the convention honored
him by adopting fitting resolutions appre
ciative of his long and faithful service and
gave him three cheers.
The preferences of the delegates to the
State convention are divided, but it is
asserted by men who have canvassed the
situation carefully that not one vote is
here for Pardee, several are for Davis,
some for Brown and a few for Gage.
FUSION IN AMADOR.
Democrats and Populists Unite Upon
a County Ticket.
JACKSON, Aug. 13.— The Democrat and
Populist convention to-day effected fu
sion. Delegates to the Democratic State
Convention were elected as follows: J.
L. Sargent, T. 11. Gartlin, A. Caminetti,
J. Mehah, J. Muldoon, W. H. Glenn, T.
D. Valentine, R. F. Allen: County nomi-
nees—Sheriff. U. S. Gregory; Clerk, C. L.
Culbert: Treasurer, S. C. Wheeler; Dis
trict Attorney, C. P. Vicinl; Assembly
man, A. Caminetti; Assessor, 11. Eudey;
School Superintendent, G. A. Gordon;
Coroner and Public Administrator. G. A.
Grltton; Recorder, D. A. Patterson: Sur
veyor, J. A. Brown; Supervisor Township
3 A. B. Mclaughlin; Supervisor Town
ship 5, C. B. Catto. Of the entire list the
Populists have the Treasurer and Coro
ner. A resolution was adopted favoring
Maguire and instructing delegates to vote
for him.
BARHAM INDORSED.
Work of Humboldt's Republican
County Committee.
EUREKA, Aug. 13.— The Republican
County Central Committee met here to
day to appoint delegates to the State con
vention and set a time for the county
primaries and convention. Resolutions
were adopted indorsing acts of Congress
man Barham and recommending his nom
ination for Congress; also favoring the
nomination of Thomas A. Selvage for
lieutenant Governor. The primaries
wpre S et for September 3 and the county
convention for September 10. J. C. Bull,
chairman of the County Central Commit
tee, was elected at large, and the follow
ing were chosen delegates to the State
convention: O. C Gregor, N. H. Fnlk.
A J Monroe. Ernest Sevier. A. Jordahl,
T H Minor, M. P. Roberts, C. L. Pardee,
T. R. Emerson, Dr. W. R. Wallace, A.
Putnam, B. H. McNeil, Dr. J. C. Bush,
D. A. Francis, J. W. Ryan and Henry
Zanson.
PLACER DEMOCRATS.
Declare the Silver Issue Is Pr.ra-
mount and Indorse Maguire.
AUBURN, Aug. 13.— The Democratic
County Convention held her* to-day as
serts that silver is still the leading issue
before the people: denounces the greed
of corporations;
Resolutions wero passed indorsing M;\
guire for Governor, f*«neral J<> Hamilton
for tru- Supreme Bench and Chris Runckcl
of thin county fof State Superintendent of
Schools. The latter is the nominee of the
Populists.
The convention selected the following
delegutes to th< State Cunventlon: O. W.
Hamilton, J. V. Bell, A. Dixon. A. (5.
Read Dr. Schnabel, W. 11. Tudsbury. D.
A. Russell, John Nicholls, F. A. Clark, G.
M. Ilanich.
The following county ticket was nomin
al. <1: Assemblyman, J. S. Mariner; Sher
iff W. c. Conroy; Clerk, A. F. Ford; As
sessor, G. K. Mitcheil: Recorder, J. M.
Hackett; Coroner, L. D. Thomas: Treas
urer, G. A. Delter; School Superintendent.
ingr the last ten days I cannot say
that the vote of to-day was muchof
a surprise to me. It is very evident
that the Republicans of Alameda
County desire a united delegation to
the State convention, and this pr<>b
ably. In part, helped in the decisive
result. There can be no doubt that
a solid delegation from Alameda
County elected by such large ma
jorities must have a marked influ
ence for good on a State convention.
If Alameda deserves the nomination
for Governor no one can now doubt
that the party in this county has a
candidate and no one can say that
sentiment is divided. I cannot but
feel gratified and honored by the
result. •
GEORGE C. PARDEE.
O. F. Seavy; District Attorney. A X
Robinson; Supervisors, JS. B. Herryford
and A. H. Sohnabel.
Yolo's Republican Primaries.
WOODLAND, Aug. 13.— The Republican
primaries were held throughout the
county to-day to select delegates to the
county convention. There was d large
vote and the contest over the shrievalty
was fiercely raged, the candidates Inslng
D. H. Wyckoff, Jo.c Murray, "W. C. Cur
tis and Otto Schluer. The rat three
combined against Sehluei-. but it will be
Impossible to tell the result until the
convention meets on August 17.
BROUGHT A SPANISH
VESSEL'S FIGUREHEAD
CITY OF SYDNEY ARRIVES
WITH A WAR RELIC.
The Ornament From the Don Ulloa
Was Sent by the Raleig-h to the
Navai Academy.
The transport City of Sydney reached
port last evening, having made the run
from Manila in 24 days 7 hours and 25
minutes. The return trip was as un
eventful as the voyage over, and no one
but the crew returned with the vessel.
Captain Pillsbury. the commander of
the vessel, has in his charge the figure
head of the destroyed Spanish cruiser
Don Antonio de Ulloa. It was sent over
by Captain Coghlin of the Raleigh, and
is to be presented to the Naval Aca
demy at Annapolis.
The crew of the City of Sydney report
thut the voyage to Manila was an ex
tremely pleasant one and was enjoyed
by the volunteers. There was a band
concert every evening and with the Im
promptu entertainments the trip was
more like a pleasure cruise than a ser
ious undertaking.
When the vessels arrived In Manila
{he troopships had been expected for
over two weeks, and the soldiers were
immediately disembarked and put to
work throwing up intrenchments in
front of the city. The boys were given
a great reception and their arrival was
almost an ovation. The Baltimore had
been sent out to escort the transports
into the harbor and met them some dis
tance out.
The City of Peking, it is believed, will
be held in Manila, but the other trans
ports are to be sent back in short or
der. The story of a fire in the coal
bunkers of one of the transports is de
nied by those aboard the Sydney.
Special Notice.
To those troubled with dandruff, itch
ing scalp and falling hair use Smith's
Dnsdruff Pomade for results; at all
druggists; price. 50c. Sample sent free by
Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
WARM TIMES
AHEAD FOR
McNAB MEN
Alameda Delegates to
Give Them Battle.
THEY WANT FAIR PLAY
RENEW-fiD OBJECTIONS AGAINST
THE APPOINTIVE PLAN.
The Democrats of Aiameda Believe in
Electing State Delegates at
Primaries When
Possible.
OAKLAND. Aug. 13.— Ihe Alford-
Gould-McNab Democratic conspirators
will ftnd when the State convention meets
at Sacramento next Tuesday that their
plan for depriving the San Francisco
Democrats of their rights does not meet
with favor In Alameda County. The dele
gates from Alameda County will protest
against seating the delegates who were
appointed by the Committee of One
Hunderd, and the vote that will be cast
to unseat the appointed delegates will be
given toward seating the contenting Har
neyites.
The Alameda County delegation met in
Icutive session to-night to discuss con
ition affairs. Among those present
re: M. J. Laymance, H. C. McPlke,
E. Dalton. T. C. Stoddard, William B.
lte, "Warren English and F. W. Vooght,
o Is also president of the Bimetallic
igue. Many of the delegates who
through press of other business were un
able to attend the meeting, sent word
that they were unalterably opposed to any
Item of appointing delegates instead of
ting them at primaries. There was
inanlmlty of opinion concerning the
political taste -shown by th» Demo
tic conspirators, who denied to the
nocrats of Sun Francisco the right of
ressing by their votes at the polls
>m they wanted to represent them in
State convention.
The lead taken by Alameda County in
fighting against the Alford-Gould-McNab
combine will undoubtedly be followed to
other counties, and turn- is every Indica
tion that there is a stormy time ahead
for the trio of political conspirators when
they reach Sacramento.
The members who attended the meet-
Ing to-night were all outspoken in their
denunciation or' the methods adopted by
the trio of would-be Democratic bosses.
They recognized tne fact that the tactics
adopted by the Committee of One Hundred
moan a loss of many hundred votes in
San Francisco unless local affairs there
are straightened out.
It is with the intention of trying to
solve the Democratic political problem in
Francisco that the Alameda dele
gates will light to see that both contest
ing delegations are given a fair hearing
and a just decision. That the high-hand
ed proceedings of the Committee of One
Hundred will be given a thorough inves
tigation is certain, it is equally certain
that the Alameda delegation will place
their stamp of disapproval on the ap
pointive scheme of the irio.
The Alameda delegates are united on
the question of the chairman of the dele
gation. It will go to M. F. Tarpey.
Several of the Alameda delegation in
tend leaving for Sacramento to-morrow
night to establish headquarters.
The feeling against allowing the ap
pointed delegates to take seats in the con
vention Is steadily growing in this coun
ty, as is well evidenced by the following
Interviews had yesterday with del
who had not been previously spoken to
on the subject:
Kx-Congressman Warren B. English
.• a loss to Bnd words to express his
condemnation of the «ag methods of the
Committee of One Hundred. "It Is the
outrageous proceedin*" ever perpe
trated," declared Mr. English. "It is un
democratic and in direct violation of ev
ery principle of the party. Adopted by
both parties and followed to a logical
isfon it would mean the utter de
basement and enslavery of the whole peo
"The fundamental principle of Democ
racy is to get as close to the peopl ■•• art
possible, :ir.O while the primary system
does not always accomplish that en 1, it
cornea the nearest to it of any plan yet
devised, f'mlt-r the machinations of lh*»
Oould-Alford-McNab combination every
Democrat in San Francisco is disfran
chised and the largest single delegation
in the State given completely into the
control of those men. It is an outrage
that will be condemned by every honest
rnun in the party.
"I shall certainly flght against the seat
ing of that delegation to the last, and I
think that every delegate from Ala
meda County wi'l do the same, for I. with'
the others, believe the very existence of
the Democratic party depends upon the
overthrow of this self-constituted body.
Its recognition by the convention would
be the greatest calamity that could be
fall the party, and every man who has
the lear.t regard for clean politics will be
found arrayed against the McNab out-
C. W. Logan is another of the Alameda
delegates on the side of clean politics.
"I am not familiar with the situation In
San Francisco." said Mr. Logan," and
until I am I cannot say what action 1
will take in regard to unseating those
tea. There may be some unusual
circumstances that necessitated the ap
pointment of the delegates Instead of
holding regular primaries, but they would
to be most unusual to admit of
countenancing them. 1 am, of course, in
favor of pure politics and if I am con
vinced that the action of the committee
of 100 is unwarranted 1 shall not hesitate
t • vote for the unseating of the San Fran
cisco delegation."
Patrick Mullan, delegate fro-rn the Sixth
Ward, knew nothing whatever oi the sit
uation in San Francisco, and, therefore,
had no opinion to express. He said the
i roper place to pass judgment on the
Mi Nat) delegation was in convention and
he would hear both sides before he com
niitted himself.
C D. O'Gara of the Sixth Ward wa
unable on account of business reason
last night to attend the meeting of Dem
ocratic delegates, who are determined t
I at the McNab faction at Sacramento
he is stronger than ever In his d
latlon of the appointive method o
ting delegates,
he whole method was wrong from
beginning," said Delegate O'Gar
it is one of the Instruments whic
i to the ruin and destruction of
f. God knows we're bad enough o
is, and politics has been corruptei
so much in San Francisco that this cc
tainly does not help it any.
"I "am sorry I could not attend th
meeting to-night, but I shall have
voice in the convention. I do not believe,
in one or fifty men ruling three or four
thousand voters. It 1» wrong from be
ginning to end. Half those appointed
delegates from San Francisco will not a
tend the convention, and some manlpu
lator will hold their proxies. 1 tell yo
It Is detrimental to the Democratic part
and is a method that will give the Me
Nab faction ample opportunity to pc
petuate itself."
Daniel Madden, a delegate elected from
Berkeley, has been a democrat all h
life, but" ho does not regard' the action o
the Alford-Gould-McNab faction as be
ing born of true Democratic principles.
"I have been a Democrat all my life
said Mr. Madden to-uay, "and ns a Dem
ocrat I am thoroughly opposed to an
such ring in county management as th
McNab-Gould committee In San Frai
Cisco. I always believed and win beiie-^
that politics is for the people in genera
and not for the .tosses, who try to ru
things in their own way." He decline
to state whether <>r not he would vot
for the unseating of the appointed dele
fates. "I hope, however," continued M
tadden, "mat the chairmanship of th
convention will not fall to a member o
thai section of the party — in which cas
I feel confident the principle of electin
delegates by primaries will not bo los
sight of."
James O'Nell. another State delegat
from Berkeley, who is regarded as a lea<
tir in his party's politics In the universal
town, was also seen to-day and said:
"I am surely opposed to the appointin
of delegates as a matter of principle, and i
I felt very much dissatisfied with the no
tion of the San Francisco Democrats. At j
the State Democratic convention, I assure
you, I will vote against seating del* •
appointed by a ring of politicians."
John E. Hennett. the third delegate
from Berkeley, is still another who does
not approve of the appointive method.
"I have not given the subject a great
deal of thought as yet." said Delegate
Bennett this afternoon, "but while I be
lieve in Magnire'a election as essential
to the political and economical welfare
of the State, and while 1 firmly believe
that politics should express the will of
the people to the largest extent. I can
clearly see where exceptional measures
are sometimes called for, and in such ,i
case the appointment of delegates might
even be justifiable.
"As a matter of principle, however. I
am in favor of democracy, being carried
as far as possible when the paramount
aim is to obtain thf honest and sincere
expression of the wishes of the people."
LOS ANGELES PRECINCT
LOSES A BALLOT BOX
INCIDENT OF THE REPUBLI
CAN PRIMARIES.
Ruffianly Gang Enters a Polling
Place and Seizes the Votes.
Outcome of a Quarrel Se
tween Candidates.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 13.— The Repub
lican primaries held throughout the
county to-day for the purpose of electing
delegates to the State convention, passed
off according to programme, except in
the Second Precinct of the Seventy-fifth
Assembly District, where an opposition
ticket was put in the field by L.. E. Doan.
who for personal reasons was opposed to
J. R. Newbury, one of the caucus nom
inees on the regular ticket. Doan. how
ever, failed in his attempt, and the regu
lar ticket was elected without a break.
This, however, did notcnd the matter,
for when the polls closed, and before the
ballots had been counted, a gang from
the Eighth Ward, headed by J. J. Grif
fith, a notorious character and member
of the Flambeau Club, commonly desig
nated the "Flimflam Club," entered the
polling place, and after a struggle, dur
ing which the ballots were scattered on
the floor, succeeded In capturing thf* box
and making way with it. Whether the
act was done at the instigation of Doan
is not known at this time. The matter
will, however, be thoroughly Investigated
by the authorities, who will have the as
sistance of the Republican organisations
in prosecuting the guilty parties to the
fullest extent of the law.
As the trouble grew out of a personal
difference between Newbury and Doan,
no reflection is cast on the party con
ducting the primaries. The leader of the
gang. J. J. Griffith, was arrested by Sher
iff Burr late this evening, and the other
members thereof being known will un
doubtedly be placed behind the bars be
fore morning.
Th«-> dastardly affair has created the
most Intense feeling here, and Dem<
as well as Republicans will do all in ...eir
power to bnak up the notorious gang
which is said to be made up of the low
est and most depraved characters in the
city. They have been a menace to re
spectable voters for years, and nothing
will be left undone to wipe them out for
got ill.
So far the contest for Governor has
overshadowed all other Interests and now
that the election of delegates to the State
Convention has been held and the <;..ue
forces know that they control the delega
tion as a unit, some attention will be given
to the Legislative ticket during the com
ing week.
J. C. N't dham. a prominent attorney of
Modesto . { nd A. J. Pillsbury, editor of the
Tulare p.. gister. candidates for Congress
in the Seventh District, had a conference
with Henry T. Gage at his headquarters
in the Hollenbeck Hotel to-day. The con
vention meets at Newport next Monday.
PLEDGED TO ELLISON.
Tehama Republicans' Choice for the
Supreme Bench.
RED BI.T'FF, Aug. IS.— The Republican
caucus of Tehama County to-day adopted
a strong resolution • indorsing Hon. John
F. Ellison for Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court, and pledging delegates to
use every honorable means to secure his
nomination by the Republican State con
vention. Dr. J. A. Owen. Andrew Simp
son, V. T. Burress. C. R. May hew, K. B
Wai bridge and J. X. Orppx were elected
delegates. As delegates to the Firs; Dis
trict convention Dr. G. W. westlake, E.
W. Runyon. J. T. Matlock. D. S. Cone. A.
T. Ellis and B. A. Hell were chosen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V«T^^^?/ KTyf $150.00 PER fVIONTH »nd rtprn<r« madn by all cor
mt S^^^jd^^/j^b^ We want men in every County $ *our reference*!*
IP/^&rM«tS"^^^wS»["\ »*tißf actory we will start too at oncf . So c xprrWntr nr <•<•«•
itj&r* .^KS^WL^r/ i KiiiTOa f'^ilft/i \ * mr - 'oMpi^lriNnlred. We furnish a full line
//w&SP*^^!.^^ /Cll tVBSßft\*a#W<ifa V\ ot sample*, stationery, etc. A tailor's- for-the-
A S^t££§S\ / ! ;\ \^SS^^i^S^W I tV trade oompiettoutlu ready forbu.«i!iess.Noeomm;i.
// »6aH^^^^S\ At Y^^^~- flt» to ultyonriflf. \a horrr to
''/ l *^^^^^^^^»'^^^«?i2^^ i a« U V^lTf^ti^^^^P tne many catchy" ailTertise-
jmJSztZZ- B^^z¥ :li^llmh- Jew®? Btf Before' enfrvplncr us,
I ' TfflmA'jiyftiW WitWWP-l'iPZZ?^ 11 'II writ* to any friend in ChJi-a. '
I ' Lu^Cl'tJ" V&/'" Ji /sir\ \'' V *^' iS^/'^^r^?* U roanda»k them to come «n»l
"^^sypr]}irl4>i\^ '^S^^f*^!: SO RIO.TVIS.. Jctip RCtb, 1553. J almTe allexprairs.
*7— fMij'*.'! ''4' ;f tSif "V»^ Otsti.fmes:— in reply to your ♦We Want to Engage You
*&* l jifaa^j^^^^ \sjt^ letter requesting the qm of my ;; T™ l^^ _• # md '
' b/C^\ _ photopraph for adTei-rislnp pur- ','. *° -"'ponifn * 0Br _
: pleased with the work.wcnld say Ido not object to your tising-'my photo^ra pli.as | I""" 1 "^ nier'?-oit<.^ IWB1 WB
your prices are very low and garments -o exact to ray measurements that I srlart- I I a nt»* n . d O' ercoa ts|.W»
: fy recommend tod.l would add that I have never made less than JBO.OO per month ♦ P"J you in the way to ta^e
: httsrxSr*' M v'e^-^fv ln the ** months have "Ft %<%£ M \ Mr^^n^z
\ ye^^ i SHHS'iiS
WE 'ARE 'THE' LARGEST TAILORS IN AMERICA of nneCo»tom.Madefl»niirot». We buy our cloth dl-
WE ARE THfc LAKbfcbl lAlLUria ijm ftmtrtiuft reet fr(^ m the , anrest . Earop , Bn « n <i in f ri(. n kih*.
We control the product of several woolen mill". We opera to the most extensive and economic custom tailoring:
plants in existence, thus reducing the price of 8olt« and Orrrtoati aade.to-ordcr to CS.OO and upward; rant* from
«l.aOi«(S,OO. Prices so low that nearly every ono In your county -will be glad to havo their Suits and
Overcoats made to ordor. Vr^iS * lanre, handsome leather boanj book ronlntnlnK lurtre cTnth »r.mt:« of nur entire
• ajc riIOMICU Vf>Sß A lance, hand»onp leather bnnnd bookenntnlnlm larg» cfoth utmrlfi nfnarrntlr*
V¥IC rUftlHOn IV" l!ue<>fSQltlnfts.l)frrroatlnp«and Finlaloonlcit«.a boo!: -^hich c.ft^ nr several
dollars to eetup.also Fine Colorf Funhlnn Plat««,ln»tr»e«l<>n Book. Tape 31ra»ur?, Ba>lnf« Card*, Stsllnnerj. lilTertUloj
n«iK>r.Toorn«i»e oo rubber atamp with pad eomolete. We also furnish you a Salesman". ro«ll<l»i.llal Price Ll.t. Th-j
prices areleft blank under each description so you can fill In your own selling prices, arranfrinß your proftt to
suit yourself. As soon as you have received your sample book and general outfit and have read ourbook of lnstruc-
t lons carefully, which teaches you how to take orelers.and marked In yonrsellinc price yon are ready for business
and can begin taking orders from every one. At your low prices business men. farmery. and in fact everyone will
order their suits made. Tod fan take •etcralordtra eterj- day at $1.00 to $3.00 on each order, for ererj oor * 111 be
aitooUaml at year low prices.
vnu DCniIIRP un MONPY Just take the orders and send them to us and we will make the garments
TUU HtyUIKC WU until w , thln 6 dayB and « end dlre<:t to your customers by express C. O. D., subject
to examination and approval.at your soiling price.and collect your full selling price, and every week we will send
you a check for all your proftt. ¥•■ ■•odtolfeet no money, deliver no foods, simply jro on taking orders, adding: a lib-
oral profit and deliver the iroods, collect all the money and every weet promptly Fend you in one round check
your full profit for the week.Searly all our good men get a check from us of at least 910.0* every week in the year.
THE OUTFIT IS FREE We make no charge forthe book and com-
IrflEi VU I I"! I id TEtICE; pleteoutnt. but as EACH OUTFIT COSTS
US SEVERAL DOLLARS, to protect ourselves against many who would impose on us by sending for
the outfit with no intention of working, but merely Out of idle curiosity, AS A GUARANTEE OF GOOD
FAITH ON THE PART OF EVERY APPLICANT, we require you to fill out the blank lines below, giving the
names of two parties as reference, and further agreeing to pay ONE DOLLAR and express charges for the
outfit when received, if found as represented and really a sure way of making big wages. The $1.00 you
agree to pay when outfit Is received does not begin to pay the cost to us but insures us you mean business.
VYE WILL REFUND YOUR $1.00 AS SOON AS YOUR ORDERS HAVE AMOUNTEP TO $25.00, which
amount you can take the first day you Work.
Fill out the following lines carefully.sign your name.cut out and send to us.and the outfit ill be sent you at once
AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO., Enterprise Bldg. CHICAGO, ILL.
■ Gaxn.lWJ»:— Please send me by express C. 0.D., subject to examination, your Sample Book and Com-
plete Salesman's Outfit, as described above. I agree to cxamineitat tho express office and ii found exactly
as represented and I feel I can make pood bis: wafres taking orders for you, I agree to pay the express acrent.as
a guarantee of ?oodf»ith.and to show I mean business, One Dollar and •xprrH charge*, with the un:!et~tandin<? the
One Dollar Is to be refunded to me as soon as my sales have amounted t0»55.00. If not found aa represent ed and
I am not perfectly satisfied 1 shall not take tho outfit or pay one cent. lI. H.
Slgrn your namo on abore line. "
"Name of Postoince.Coun'ty and State oaabovo line. On abnre two lines rive or. reference the names of two
menoTcrtl ycarsof ago who bavo known youone
year or longer.
Youraffo
Married or single. '.'.' On above line Vive name of your nearest express offlo*.
' Adiress your letters plainly to ■■.-■•- . .'
AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO., Enterprise Building. CHICAGO, ILL.
BREACH IS
WIDENING IN
SANTA CLARA
County May Be Lost
to Republicans.
BITTER FIGHT AGAINST REA
HONEST PARTY MEN TALK OF
TWO TICKETS.
Will Repudiate the Rscent Primaries
and Contest the Seats of the
"Bo^is" Gang in the
State Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Aug. 13.— A wedge was
driven Into the split in the ranks of the
Santa Clara County Republicans to
day, and th?~ c is no show of the chasm
being bridged before the fall election.
This probably means the loss of the
county to the Republican party and
may play an important part in the
election of Governor. It is the dis
reputable tactics of "Boss" Rea and his
followers that have caused the erup
tion in the party. So rank was the
work of his ballot-box stuffers and
heelers at Wednesday's primaries that
the better class of voters have rebelled,
and there will probably be two county
tickets "f Republicans in the field.
As the beginning of a determined
; fight against the Rea Kan- two Etc-
I publican conventions convened in this
city to-day. The delegates nominated
by the Good Government League met
■in Rutherford Hal! and organized
; temporarily by electing J. K. Johns
chairman and B. W. Conant secretary.
| Pending an appeal to the State con
; vention they adjourned to August 27.
I They will repudiate the recent pri
; maries and contest the right of the
Rea men to hold a county convention.
a delegation will also be sent to Sac
; ramento to contest the seats of ■ lie
gang's delegates. This convention was
orderly, quiet and determined arid was
ruled by the wish ot the majority.
The meeting of the Rea force? in
Turn Verein Hall was different. Here
the dictates of the "Boss" were plainly
'seen. The Mackenzies were present,
land, with the aid of their followers.
the county tick, t published in this
morning's Call went through with but
one change, that in the constableship.
There was no bucking among 1 the dele
gates, and the will of Rea d >minated.
The convention contained a larjre
: number of Democrats. With or • • *.
ception the nominations were all made
by acclamation. Nev r did things go
smoother at a convention, and thu
. of the boss could readily i>» seen.
Rea strode about the hall with an "I
told you so" look upon his face.
The ticket nominated to-day is dis
tasteful to a large number of Repub
licans, and it is doubtful if it caa win.
Black for Superior Judge and Langford
for Sheriff are put up as dummies and
■ will l>e •'knifed" by the gang for V. \.
Scheller and George Bolllnger, probable
j Democratic nominees for those posi
tions. Other candidates will be tnded
to help gang Democrats. It is th°se
tactic? of Rea that is ruining the pirtv
i and driving honest Republicans fr<>m
; the ranks.
New store, new poods, low prices, everything
up to date. J. Smith, the tailor. 906 Market st.
78
AGUINALDO WAS
BUT A PUPPET IN
GERMAN HANDS
Urged by the Kaiser's Officers
to Attempt Treachery to
Admiral Dewey,
. 'Special Correspondence of The Call.
■'■ CAVITE ARSENAL, July 9.-rThis
; quaint old port, the most important
•prize to Admiral Dewey's prowess, is
in full possession of the first American
expeditionary army under General An
derson. We are waiting, as near
ly as I can gather, for the second
expedition! How soon that will come
no man knows, but its arrival is looked
' for daily.. The insurgents, under Gen
era! Aguinaldo, are not aiting — or at
all events say they are net. I had it
to-day from an officer of the staff
tk the "Dictator of the Republic of
Philippines," for so my cables will have
informed you he has proclaimed him
that the Insurgents are being con
centrated for a general assault on the
.sh lines of defense to-morrow.
As they do most of their fighting at
night that means an assault at, say 4
lock Sunday morning.
Admiral Dewey would stop it,
as he could easily enough, if he
believed there was danger of success.
The truth Of the matter is Aguinaldo
has been playing fast and loose with
the Americans, and. he has been and is
being abetted in this by the Germans.
.Their purpose— the purpose of the
Germans — in this is plain. They would
..desire nothing better than for the in
surgents to take and loot Manila in
. order that the inability of a small force
of Americans to protect lives and prop
t-ny in the town, and in order that the
necessity for foreign Intervention
= might become apparent. I do not be
. • lieye the Americans here would be
found wanting, nor do 1 believe, as 1
. said before, thai Dewey would fail any
more than he failed at Cavite to up
hold law and order. General Anderson
and the admiral buth understand their
business. They will keep order, and if
the second American expedition
reaches here with the .Monterey before
the Spanish fleet gets in from Cadiz.
Manila will be taken in good time.
Spaniards would surrender now if
ral Anderson would take the re-
Bponsibility of protecting them.
There have been a number of parties
out on the lines to reconnoiter the in
surgent position. I have been out sev
eral times, but haw seen little more
yet than desultory righting. The in
surgents are most hospitable. They in
-Mall eat with them when
• ever you stop at a house, and every
thing they have is at your disposition.
Their intrenchments are peculiarly
: matted bamboo, about
I high, four feet wide at the
hi feet at the base, and filled
'with sand. *>n the interior side about
four feet from the top is a narrow fir
. ing platform. These they build as they
ace, and they advance steadily
day by day. Their outposts under Gen
eral Moreal at Pasoy, according to the
■ map. is about three miles from Manila.
The righting takes place, as I have
said, for the most part at night. At
about 4 a. m. you hear heavy cannon
n there will be the sharp
. "pit! pit!" of Mausers. Then you will
•know there has been some sign of life
. by the Spaniards behind an in
surgeht barricade, and that the whole
along the iine has opened fire.
There may have been an insurgent
:. and there may not. But you can
rest assured that if a Spaniard has
emptied his rifle magazine an insurgent
has rushed forward and cut one man
down with his machete. The advance
of the Filipinos is made as the advance
'of a covey of quail is. One will rise up
quickly from the long, lush, tropical
S, giving the Spaniards a target.
:. the whole volley will be poured
: up.*>u him as be drops, the shots going
over ■ As the shots whistle
past the Filipinos will all rise, rushing
forward and shooting as they run.
If they reach the Spaniards there is a
slaughter by the long machetes. How
deadly this may be is shown by repoits
.st night's battle. It is said that
jLOpb Spaniards were killed, and 25 Filip-
Jf the rush does not reach the
Spanish lines there is another volley
and another drop. It is by these tactics
the Filipinos have advanced and so ter
rified the Spaniards that little can be
against them.
The California boys keep in bet
, ter health than the Oregon regi
ment. There is little sickness,
.and none of it serious. For the
most part it is a diarrhea caused by bad
water and fresh fruit. But the Califor
nia boys have been given less liberty
than the Oregoniana, Their officers do
no| permit the men to frequent the
town very much, and men who stay
i.ut of the town do not get into serious
tro-üble. There will be no serious fight
ing until the next expedition arrives,
and even then, as 1 said before, there
will be no fight put up by the Spanish.
It is the pacification of the insurgents
that will give the boys trouble hero.
The Filipinos, however you may
despise him for his small stature ]
. and bad blood, will fight, and fight
hard. Also he will live and thrive
where pestilence will kill the heavier
American, whom he looks up to with
awe and calls "Un grande soldado."
By the way. I forgot to say that a lot
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOR BOYS-LIMITED).
Large corps of teachers. Superior home ac- .
commodations. Next term opens August 9.
"ICQC
IRA O. HOITT, Ph. P., Principal.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 Van Ness aye.; opens August 18. Certi-
ficate admits to Vassar. Wellesley and Smith
colleges. Accredited to the University of Cali-
fornia. Kindergarten in connection with the
school •• Number of house pupils limited.
THE HAMLIN SCHOOL
'Van Ness Seminary), 1549 Jackson St.. S. P.
Term opens August 4. Departments school
work from Kindergarten to College Prepara-
tory Course. Address MISS SARAH D. HAM-
LIX.MRS. EDNA BKKIJ. POULSOX, •
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Eelect boarding and day school for young
"ladies. £126 California St., San Francisco. Will
reopen ■ August 1. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
THE LTCEUM PREPARATORY SCHOOL
—This school prepares students for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; Its grad-
uates are admitted without examination .to
Stanford University and Cooper College on
recommendation of the principal: references.
President Jordan; or any , Stanford professor.
Phelan building. • i
of California boys went swimming yes
terday and were badly stung by a spe
cies of large jellyfish. Nobody was
badly hurt, and the doctors have
stopped that amusement now.
SOL N. SHERIDAN.
AGUINALDO A CLOWN,
HIS MEN RUFFIANS
Are Cruel to Captured Women and
Have Not the Sense of the
American Indian.
WITH THE EXPEDITIONARY
FORCE AT FORT SAINT FRANCIS.
Cavlte, July 7.— To-day news as late as
July 1 has reached us from the outside
world. Everything is in statu quo.
Stores are still being landed and sen
eral policing of the arsenal continues
unabated in energy. The quarters are
gradually presenting a cleanly appear
ance, and drains are being built to car
ry off surplus "water. The rainfall is
heavy, although without wind or much
change in temperature. The men are
experiencing certain The rainfall
although without wind or much
in temperature. The men are
ncing certain difluulties which
change of climate has brought about.
In the Second Oregon Regiment at sick
call this morning a long line of men
was waiting for treatment. The pre
vailing trouble is diarrhoea, which may
turn into dysentery unless properly
treated. There is also a peculiar fever
without any attendant symptoms be
yond a very high temperature, some of
the patients reaching 104 degrees, with
a strong bounding pulse. This is treat
ed medicinally, but the best remedy
found so far has been continual spong
ing with cool water. "With each abdom
inal bandage the Red Cross Society is
sued a small circular setting forth that
mangos might be eaten with impunity.
The harm that this advice has done
may easily be guessed when we can
see the results of mango eating in a
fever called In Hongkong "mango fe
ver," and by the eruptions and boils
on the men caused by the same fruit.
The number of men sick are few. com
paratively, but there might be less had
It not been for the advice of a physi
cian, who parts his name and hair in
the middle. Any native will tell you
that mangos bring boils and eruptions
and that until a foreigner has been
here three months or more and thor
oughly acclimated he must not touch
this fruit.
The native Filipino is much a Malay
a good deal a Chinese and more of a
Jap, with more or less Spanish mean
ness thrown in. After seeing the many
really beautiful Hawaiian men and
women and being suddenly thrown into
contact with the Filipinos, the com
parison is odious. The mestizo is
small, lithe and muscular; he is flat
faced and bullet-headed. None of the
women are even good looking. They
have very expressive eyes, and the
younger ones have good white teeth,
and that's all. There are no fat people
here. It is amusing to see the Filipi
nos when they are at rest, squatted on
their heels, chewing beetle nut- . The
older women are given over" to this
habit entirely, and they have ugly
black teeth as a result.
The towns of Cavite, Carrido, ; old
Cavite and San Rogue ' are in
proximity to Cavite itself. They are
laid out in blocks, same as our Ameri
can cities, with but narrow alleys as
streets. They are ill smeillag and ex
ceedingly trying to any < ,ne who has
been taught that cleanliness is next
to godliness. Whenever any one has
slops he knows not what to do with, the
Its. is found the proper receptacle,;
ingiy irylng to any < ne who has
l taught that cleanliness is next
odliness. Whenever any one has
* he knows not what to do with, the
et is found the proper receptacle.
The town has not a , sewerage
system, and in many houses there are
no conveniences whatever. In the ar
■3^r..il where the American troops are
quartered there is an a-icient and "Mi
t'.'i-ly obsolete system < f plumbing,
much out of repair; still better than
none at all.
The troops (?) of Agulnaldo hold the
town proper. They are droll spe
cimens cf soldiery. They are amie*!
wi:h Meuser, Remington and Spanish
liftcs. .1 he Remington and Mauror arr?
new terns, while th 2 Spanish rifle
•.vas rr.ade in Seville A.r«sn:u some time
in the sixties. AguinaldD nan a numer
j ous staff, some of whom can speak
English, and who strut around as if
they were upon the staff of a real gen
[ eral and a real army. General Agui
i naldo. by the grace of Uncle Sam. is an
ostentatious individual and full of im
portance, who signs himself "Gobier
nador Dictatorial," and his name "the
August Dictator" !
So read passes through his lines,
and this mimic fanfaronade of
war continues day in and out,
keeps from seven thousand , to ten
thousand Spaniards cooped up in Ma
nila, and it will continue until the sec
ond expedition reaches here from j the
States, and then the farce will end.
Then General Merritt will have to turn
' in and teach these islanders that the
capture and detention of non-combat
ants and the loot of cities and villages
Is not modern warfare. Nor is it hu
mane or right to take delicately nur
■ tured women and children and walk
them for miles through mud and mire
In sli^nered feet and calico gowns.
This Is what I saw yesterday when a
haclendero \ named Arrival was
brought in as a prisoner with his two
j sons and wife and four daughters. Th?
! mother of the family was a fine appear
ing woman of between 40 and 45 years.
The daughters ranged .from 15 to 12
years of age. I found them near the
Oregonian quarters In a pelting rain.
awaiting the pleasure of the mestizo
Filipinos guard to move on. Colonel
Summers of the Oregonians. than
whom no more courteous gentleman
lives, ascertained their condition and
breakfast was prepared in the officers'
mess and the family invited in. I had
the pleasure of conversing with the oH
gentleman and found that he was a
planter, inoffensive, holding no com
munication with either side. , He ex
plained that the insurgent officer in
charge of the party making; the arrest
took him, as he said, because he had
room on one of his "cascos," as they
call the native boat. One of the young
| ladies showed me the marks on her
arms when* she had fallen on : a shindy
road, shoved by the guard when she
stopped to tie a refractory slipper.
Colonel Summers tried hard to do
something to alleviate the misfortune
of these innocents, but the lieutenant
in charge was obdurate and th poor
woman had to trudge along in the rear
of the long column of prisoners. It 1 was
a heart-breaking sight;
There are not many Illiterates in this
! community; nearly all the natives can
read. They are shrewd and cunning
and have enough of the Spanish in
them to be unreliable. They are boast
ful to a degree, and have a . certain
amount of romance in their make-up
that makes them moat interesting.- r-\.
They are looters from the -start to fin
ish. It seems ' to be a trade. They
cleaned out Cavlte as if every party'
had been granted the right to remove
property, to which they had ;no right
whatever. ' r Six or eight miles from the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
American outposts, in the midst of
bamboo forests, in the thatched hut of
these measly, scrawny natives, I have
found the pianos, fine mirrors and the
carved walnut bedsteads that Ameri
can curio seekers would give hundreds
for. With an intense hatred of the
priests the native looted his church
and imprisoned the priest or shot him,
but still clings to the old faith. You
will meet but few without the scapular
of his patron ' saint, . some with 'two.
Douviers, one of Aguinaldo's lieuten
ants. Who told me of fourteen of the
priests being shot/ said that there was
a great difference between the religion
and the man sent out to the Philippines
to teach it. .1 ' ;:' > - - - . *.
"Skirmishing goes on daily between
Aguinaldo and ■ the Spaniards, and
Spanish prisoners are continually
arriving. This is not brought about
by .reason .., of. brilliant, feats , of
arms, but more :by reason of
hunger. Since Dewey interfered with
Aguinaldo in behalf of better food the
Spaniards have been faring better. than
ever they did in their own", army. At
5 ...oclock I. can , hear desultory firing
going on in the town. . Aguinaldo is be
tween one. and one-half miles of Man
ila's walled, town. From Mr. Allison.
an English gentleman, who yesterday
sought the protection of the English
Consul and who has dwelt. in Manila a
long time, I learn, that the Spaniards
have destroyed all of the trees on the
beautiful drive,, called the Luneta, and
also the unrivaled collection of tropical
trees in the botanical gardens. They
have planted sharp bamboo palings for
a space of ten feet wide inside of the
walls, with the points upward, and
; have dug a trench- inside of the bamboo
palings at a distance of ten feet. These
precautions against an attack by
American troops are worthy of that
doughty Chinese warrior, Mr. Confu
cius, but have no place in modern war
fare. Flour is $27 a sack and meat and
other necessities correspondingly high.
This condition prevails, when An
gusti might easily make an honorable
surrender and claim the protection of
the American soldiery. If Aguinaldo
carries the town before the arival of the
: American reinforcements there will be
loot and pillage, ravishment and
i cruelty. Then the black eyes of the
Filipino will snap and he will use the
native knife and he will make good
the -oasts of years! Unjust treatment
has bred rancorous hate, and the sins
of their forefathers will be visited upon
the modern Spaniard!
August! is quoted as saying that the
presence of the big German fleet re
■ minds him of "the cormorant waiting
for the death in order to pick the
: bones."
There has been a decided cooling of
° the affections of these quondam friends
j since it has become known that Ger
many desires a coaling station as the |
price if her affection. Germany is play
ing a double game, giving advice to
Aguinaldo and. coquetting with Au- |
erusti. ■••■■ ":•■ ;
The German admiral's launch has !
1 been to and .fro between insurgent I
j headquarters and the German fleet j
many times since our arrival. The Ger- ■
man troopship Darmstadt with soldiers
aboard is expected soon. The German
ships in the bay are the Kaiserin Au
gusta, Princess Wilhelmlna and Kai- !
I ser and three or four smaller vessels, i
, while the Deutscherland and Gefer are
expected. The Kaiserln Augusta is a
splendid vessel, not quite so speedy as j
the Baltimore or Olympia nor as pow
erful as either of these or the Boston or !
Charleston as to guns or armament. •
The British are the cruisers Immbr- i
talite and the Bonaventure, with the
; Barfleur and Iphigenia coming. The
French cruisers are the Bruix, the Pas- j
I cal and Bayard, and there are two Jap- i
anese cruisers. It is the opinion of na- :
val men that British have the strongest !
fleet here, not excepting the Americans.
This enforced idleness is giving the
correspondents, of whom there are ;
many, a chance- to study the country. I
have been in two directions for about
six miles toward Manila and away from i
Cavite, and found it a low flat country
covered with a species of locust trees
i and bamboo forests. The bamboo is
almost impenetrable in places and the!
undergrowth is quite thick. The at
mosphere is muggy and damp and the
vegetation rank, while the odor of
tropical flowers is sometimes quite op- j
pressive. I have seen hibiscus bloom
that measures four to" live inches
across. There are many beautiful yel
low blossoms whose names I do not
know. There are large butterflies that
have feathery wings that give them the
appearance of birds. This is a densely
! populated district and people are found
j in the 'midst- of bamboo thickets when
least expected. The poplation in and
around Manila must foot up some 350,
000 souls and in the walled city of Man-
I ila there are some 60,000 people.
In riding through to some of As:ui
1 naldo's posts I have been stopped by
! the comical gentry he calls soldiers,
I but as soon as they discovered I was
I an American I have been allowed to go i
on.
The Filipino reminds me more of our
American Indian than anything else.
and with this exception, that "poor
1..." is more dignified and decent. Why
the American Government should have
i dignified this individual Aguinaldo
with more powers than a Cheyenne
chief is past my nderstanding. With
his mica! clothes and his make-up of
nondescript trousers and bare feet, his
black and green helmet and straw hats,
the insurgent soldier is an appalling
spectacle.. The only thing that I can i
compare the insurgent army uniform |
to is the novel brown canvas • uniform '
of our. own soldiers. At nearly, a mile !
distance apart . aioner the roads there :
1 are small outposts of " the Insurgents. ;
j At each of these is a sergeant or other
I non-commissioned officer in charge of
seven or- eight men. As a result of my j
excursions I should say that Aguinaldo \
Is massing some ten thousand. men to- |
; ward Manila, and that country is not .
as difficult to travel over as had been
reported by natives and journalists
who had been, over the ground: . that '■
the climate is' not near so difficult to
live in as people suppose: , that . a
: whit^ may, live here and never need a i
rhysfcian if he exercise ordinary clean- !
liness, takes his siesta regularly ai* j
abjures strong drink. The lesson of
taking a siesta and leaving stimulants
• alone is one that will never be learned j
by the Anglo-Saxon or American un- I
til there have been a number of deaths. i
. The Zafiro dispatch-boat came in this
afternoon and we have news of a bat- j
tie at Santiago de Cuba, in which 600
to 1000 men were killed on the American
side, and stated officially to be a drawn
battle. This has cast a general gloom [
over the camp, and the additional news ;
■ that 4000 Spaniards were killed is no ;
comfort. It is a nasty, drizzly even- !
me, rand there is no air stirring:, and
; although it is not very warm the air
is oppressive. The searchlights are i
flashing very uneasily, and j the Olym- j
pia keens one light persistently pointed j
seaward. It is one of those nichts
when the squeak .of a shoe or the hoot j
; of the midnicht cuckoo is startling.
The friendship of the English has !
j been manifested by cheering from mer- j
chant ships whenever the: opportunity
• has presented itself, and the English
tell me that on the departure ef the
Ani'.'Hcfn : vessels from Hon^koncr the
cheers from the English wat vessels;
were deafening. The Hongkong; Mail '
breaks out as follows with doggerel five ;
verses long:
THE ENGLISH- AMERICAN HYMN.
God bless the whole wide earth,
.The land, that grave up birth, :
.. And .where we dwell. ..-■■■■-■
._ : Here, with- our. heart 1 content, • .
- May. life In iieace t>e ."pent; - .
"* >" God save 'our, President: v-. .
Let anthems swell! '...',
And the comical genius again gets in
. his work as follows: " _ :
I The bos'n was a-sittln' by the rnllln' near
the bow; '
! A talkln' to' his shipmates an' • a eayln' to
'. ' 'em 'ow.
"We needed just a Farrafrnt In this 'ere
■' ! • blocrnln' row." •
An' ■ ; the . (runner's . mate said. "Dewey, what- '
- ' cher think?" "".'''
1 This :' morning, the " Insurgents : • re- a
called some five hundred men from
the field, and the city of Cavite is pre
senting a more animated appearance
than usual. A large number of the
"marina," or naval force, came in also.
'flies.- mcii look more like Japs than
anything else and make a generally
better appearance than the land forces.
The Filipinos generally are moving
back into the cities from which the
bombardment and the fear of the Span
iards, had driven them. The Ameri
can soldiers are behaving much better
than might be expected. Some are
drinking the native gin, which is rank
poison, and some few have misbe
haved, but this is rare. The Ameri
cans look with wonder upon the little
natives and the natives look upon our
soldiers with like curiosity. An Ameri
can troop of cavalry with American
horses would be the wonder of the age.
The only horse here is a sturdy little
animal about the size of an ordinary
Shetland pony, but thinner and
stronger. One of them will pull a cal
esha, as they call the native carriage,
with a load of four men and a driver,
the combined weight exceeding his four
times. The long wail of taps has sound
ed long ago, and I am tired and sleepy,
and in these latitudes it is necessary
to observe strictly the hours of rest.
SOL N. SHERIDAN.
SICK REPORTS SHOW
MARKED IMPROVEMENT
Six Men Discharged at the Cavite
Hospital Where Four Are
Received.
FORT BAINT FRANCIS, CAVITE,
July B.— The sick reports of the brigade
to-day show, a marked improvement.
Where six men are discharged four are
taken in. This is gratifying to the
overworked physicians, who have been
unremitting in their efforts with the
men. It may also be due to the fact
that there is not near so mi: h fatigue
duty being done and that the trans
ports are all unloaded. AH loading or
unloading is done by lighters, or "cas
cols." The transports are still here
waiting ballast. Lieutenant McCaine,
U. S. A., yesterday in company with
some newspaper m<^n and ten privates
of the Fourteenth, made a recon
naissance, in the direction of Manila, to
the insurgent outposts. From what
I can learn the statements of Mr. Alli
son are borne out completely. Agui
naldo has the Spanish cooped up in the
city, but owing to different reasons, he
will never be able, without assitance,
to take the town. It is given out by
some of his staff that he will attempt a
i general attack on the town Sunday, but
j this is pooh-poohed by our naval men.
I The monotony of garrison days is va
ried by the occasional booming of guns
; in the bay as foreign warships arrive
I and depart, and the night alarm when
an occasional prowler is fired upon.
There is great activity in the shops of
I the insurgents, cartridges are being
i repolished, ammunition for cannon is
I being fixed. Cannon that the Spaniards
i had spiked on their departure are being
; repaired and the machinery is hum
; ming. The Filipino is clever at almost
; any trade and does not appear to be as
■ lazy as most South Sea people. The
women do nearly all of the heavier
ordinary daily labor, such as agrlcul
! ture work or the carrying of heavy par
j eels. They are also the financial mana
gers. They present a quaint and pic
turesque appearance as they come to
town on the small Chinese horses, with
n pannier on either side and an immense
wicker hat. The horse is almost lost
;to sight. To-day is bright and sunny,
with a cool wind blowing. An ideal
i day SOL y. SHERIDAN.
Ailvances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without femoral. J. N'oonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
The first envelope ever made is in the
possession of the British Museum.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
■f - _ +
> ■ +
♦ ♦
♦ ysB^^sw Two PPy Men » Well-Known Resi- +
"*" gL&*Z*&S^ dents of San Francisco, Tes- +
+ .^ — — fj. *l^j3s^ " x>>^ tlfy to the Grand Results ")V
> = wgs^7 x^^ — '"^ Received From ♦
♦ W^^^U. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT ♦
t ff«v p|? ? """' ( /*""/ f ■ r " an<^ enJs method of making +
i^S^W^ USe of the life -S iyin g power of +
*" ' \^ /- / )/^^wwP^^ electricity has proven its merit. ~Z_
■*- - / 'l^^^^ The men who say it cured them of +
"*" yawfflf/ .^ icl*if general debility, of wasting weak- +
■♦- /^lliiliy * lv MMn%!} ness; the men who have become ♦
4- fW&Q^*^*** -—J^*^ 4 'w strong and vigorous by following
♦ C'T^{A^|lr^^^*^^ : "" " * y^V&FwT? r ' an(^ en ' a advice, are the best +
wt&^^S^. -*Tjra^^^4^L_-^-^ evidence of the worth of his system. +
X A^T^^^^^^^^^^^^ There are thousands of them, and ♦
4- ™ '^-^^^^^ ~mm V^^^^* . they speak aloud in praise of Dr. +
+ Sanden and his noble work. His work is noble — it is — because it lifts men from X
X despondency, it gives them hope, ambition, strength of mind and body— makes them love +
4- life for the pleasure of living. There must be something in a system of treatment that 4-
♦■ can show such cures as these: +
I AN ENGINEER CURED.
San Francisco, August 10, IS9B.
* DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I am willing to testify to the
♦• benefit I have received from following your advice and
from the use of your "Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt." I am
*" an engineer on the Southern Pacific Railroad, and have
♦- suffered for several years with lumbago, dizziness, faint |
and blind spells and a general broken-down feeling, which ;
*" mnde it alrr.ost Impossible for me to make my run. which j
♦- Is one of the longest on the road. I was advised to try one
of your Belts, and did so, purchasing the one you recom- 1
T mended for my troubles. In two months' time the Belt I
♦- completely cured me of all my troubles, and I can now
a make my run with the greatest ease and comfort; In fact
T have never had a pain or bad feeling after five days' use
♦■ of the Belt, and have more life In me than I have. had for
4. years. I always feel better and livelier than those around ;
me, and my friends congratulate me on looking so well. I
♦■ will advise' my friends that are ailing as I was to try your |
a. Helt for I can lay my restoration to health to nothing else
than the use of Dr. Sanrien's Electric Belt. With kindest (
♦" regards, I am yours very truly,
a. J. J. ROCKWELT-. 2122 Howard street. I
: DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT :
f Is a grand remedy for all weakness in men. It assists Nature by a general reinforcement +
•■ of vital energy by infusing a mild, warming, invigorating current of electricity into the -♦■
*" nerves, and by supplying the system with the very essence of nerve vigor and nerve +
I strength. 4"
i ARE YOU THE MAN YOU SHOULD BE? I
t- * ■ . : .:■...■ ■ •-: . ■ ■ . ••. - . ' ■ .  " ■+
Study yourself. Weakness in the vital organs is unnatural in all men. It is due to improper care .of +
. the functions endowed by nature with perfect vigor, and since nature gives this strength, if it has been wasted, T
she must be called : upon to renew it. " Natural remedies must be used. Nothing bears a closer relation to
*" the elements of vital and nerve force than electicity. It is natural. .It is nature embodied in a portable, con- "*"
f- venient and effective appliance when Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is used. It is as good for women as for men. +
£ DR. SANDEN'S BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN %
f-*^. If you lack in any respect, the powers you should possess send or call at once for this scientific book ■♦■
4. which will spread before you the only true and permanent restoration o f mental, physical and vital vigor. ' -*.
»": Call or address,
tg DR. /\. T. S/YNDEN, * not in drug stores. * X
* 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. Dr. Bande^T Electric Beit +
>. Office hours, Ba. in. to Bp. m..; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Lo_ An elc», . Oal., 204% " npr"-/' traveling* a*enti "'onTv 1
. South Broadway: Portland. Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 831 Sixteenth street; at our office. .■•"• ' . "*"
*" Pallas, Tex., 255 Main street. ■ • . • ]f ' ' " r -♦•
CEVERfI LIONIZED
BY ThJE BOSTONESE.
BOSTON, Aug. 13. — Admiral
Cervera of the Spanish navy and
his suite of officers passed
through Boston to-day en route
to Portsmouth, N. H., to visit
the prisoners who formerly
manned the admiral's ships. The
officers accompanying Admiral
Cervera were Paymaster Edu
ardo Uriapilleta, Lieutenant Cer
vera, the admiral's son, and Ju
nior Lieutenant Marcia Diaz.
Almost every step of the Span
ish admiral was attended by a
throng who cheered, applauded
and even patted the old gentle
man on the back.
At the Union station several
thousand persons gathered and
when Admiral Cervera came out
of the dining-room hundreds
rushed at him like football play
ers. They seized his hand and
shouted and cheered until the
rotunda echoed. All through
the ordeal he smiled pleasantly
and bowed, tipping his hat to
the throng. With great difficulty
he reached his train.
WHITELAW REID MAY
SUCCEED SECRETARY DAY
Indications Point to His Selection as
the Head of the State Depart
ment.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: When Secretary of State
Day is appointed a member of the com
mission which will determine the final
disposition of the Philippines and ne
gotiate the treaty of peace with Spain,
he will, as has been stated in the Her
ald, definitely retire from the Cabinet.
In view of the certainty that there
will be an early vacancy at the head of
the State Department. President Mc-
Kinley is giving attention to the ques
tion of Secretary Day's successor at the
same time that he is considering whom
he shall appoint as other members of
the peace commission. Embassador
Hay, I understand, is being seriously
considered for the place, but indications
to-night point strongly to the selection
of Mr. Whitelaw Reid. Mr. Reid's fa
miliarity with public affairs and his
wide experience would qualify him for
the place, and he has also the advan
tage of sufficient wealth to enable him
to entertain on a scale commensurate
with the dignity of the head of a de
partment charged with the conduct of
the foreign relations of the Govern
ment.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— A dispatch to
the Herald from Chattanooga, Term.. says:
Secretary of State Day will be appointed
United States Judge for the Sixth Cir
cuit as soon as he resigns from the Cab
inet at the close of the war. This was
learned on the most trustworthy author
ity here to-day.
FROM ARTFUL DODGER
TO TRANSPORT SHIP
Spanish Steamer "Which Eluded
Sampson's Guns Will Carry
Troops to Spain.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISSS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PORT ANTONIO, Jamaica, Aug. 13. —
CURED OF PARALYSIS. ♦
San Francisco. August 10, 1898 +
DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: lam more than pleased to +
be able to report satisfactory results from the use of your
"Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt." which I purchased from you +
some two months ago. I had been suffering greatly with -A.
Paralysis of the right side, which made It almost Impossi-
ble for me to do any kind of work, my right arm being al- +
most useless. I commenced wearing your Belt as you ad- .a.
vised, following your directions carefully, and after wear-
Ing It a short time began to notice a change in my side. I -f
continued to improve dally, and can now truthfully say
that the paralysis has entirely disappeared from my" side,
and have full use of my arm. I had been troubled with +
pains in mv head and back, which have also left me in
fact, I feel altogether different from what I did be fore 'us- "♦"
Ing the Belt. I can honestly say that T owe mv heaJth at +
the present time to the use of your Electric Belt, and will
be more than pleased to recommend it to any one troubled "*"
like I was. You can refer any one to me and I will be glad -♦■
to tell them the good results I have received from the use
of your Belt. Very truly yours, +
JOHN SCHOLL, 1305 Castro Street. >
The Spanish steamship Leonora, which
successfuly hid from the American
guns throughout the war, has been
chartered to transport part of the
Spanish troops from Santiago to Spain.
The Leonora remained in hiding in
Kingston while the American vessels
were patrolling West Indian waters.
She has already proceeded to Santigo,
and will leave for Spain on Saturday
morning.
The Red Cross steamship Wanderer
arrived here from Santiago to-day.
Persons on board report that the con
quered city is quiet, healthy and clean.
WHAT THE WAR HAS COST US.
Expenditures Amount to One Hun-
dred and Fifty Million Dol
lars Up to Date.
WASHINGTON, Au~. 13.— Although
the war with Spain lasted only 114 days
it Is estimated that it has cost the Gov
ernment so far $150,000,000, of which
$98,000,000 has been actually paid out of
the treasury. Beginning with March
1, when the first increases in the expen
ditures in anticipation of war became
apparent in the daily cost to the treas
sury, the actual disbursements of this
account have been, approximately, as
follows:
March— Army $C 00,000; navy, $2,400,000;
total $3,000,000.
April— Army, $1,200,000; navy, $9,800,000;
total, $11,000,000.
May— Army. $12,000,000; navy, $7,000,000;
total, $19,000,000.
June— Army. $16,500,000; navy, $6,500,000;
total, $23,000,000.
July— Army. $29,500,000; navy, $5,500,000;
total, $35,000,000.
To August 13— Army. $5,500,000; navy, $1,
500,000: total. $7,000,000.
Total charged to War Department, $65,
300.000; total charged to Navy Department,
$32,700,000; grand total, $98,000,000.
The appropriations made by Con
gress on account of the w aggregated
about $360,000,000 and cover the time to
January 1, 1898.
BRIXHAM BRINGS NO GOLD.
No Foundation for Reports of Star-
vation at St. Michael.
SEATTLE, Aug. 13.— The steamer Brix
ham arrived to-day from St. Michael. She
had but a few passengers and no gold.
Officers of the Brixham report an Im
provement in the conditions at St.
Michael. Reports of starvation at St.
Michael are said to be without founda
tion.
The Dusty Diamond Comtmnv of Chi
cago had about completed its river boat
and was ready to start up the Yukon.
On July 14 the river steamer Mabel
Lane, which was being towed from Dutch
Harbor to St. Michael by the steamer
South Portland, was lost. There were 13
people aboard her. They were rescued
by the South Portland. The Mabel Lane
was owned by Lane R. Clark of Chicago
The steamer Grace Dollar, from Kot
zebue Sound to Seattle, left St. Michael
two days before the Brixham. She has
not arrived here.
The Brixham. while at St. Michael, was
obliged to purchase a stock of provisions
from the North American Trading Com
pany, giving in payment a bottomry bond
for $1000. Upon her arrival to-day she
was libeled for the amount.
SEVENTEBN LIVES LOST.
Houses Swept Away by a Cloudburst
in Tennessee.
NASHVILLE, Term., Aug. 13.— A spe
cial to the Banner from Knoxville, Term.,
says: News has just reached here that a
cloudburst has occurred at Beech Creek,
a remote locality in Hawkins County,
nearly twenty miles from Rogersville.
Seventeen persons lost their lives. Thir
teen bodies have been recovered. The
dead were members of poor families. The
cabins in a narrow valley were swept
away in the flood following the cloud
burst.
New York Democratic Convention.
SARATOGA. N. V., Aug. 13.— The Dem
ocratic State Committee has decided to
hold the State convention at Syracuse on
Wednesday, September 2s.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
"CARPETS
CHEAPER THAN EVER!
Americao
LINOLEUMS
A Specialty.
WINDOW SHADES MADE TO ORDER.
LACE, 3 yds long ...... 50c pair
1 A pretty bedroom curtain. ; '
Raffle Edge, muslin — $1.25 pair
CHENILLE and TAPESTRY CURTAINS.
SctilietfirlTollieri,
709 MARKET STREET,
Next to Call Building.
Crepe Paper
SPECIAL for this week.
10-ft. rolls, Ifjp
all colors "* ** Jl^O.
BISQUE VASES, Decorated
8-in., Tsc; 10-in., $1.25
BOHEMIAN GLASS VASES -
from 10c up
WILL & FINCK CO.,
820 Market Street.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANY, ON' THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1597, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company....... $415,363 75
Loans . on bonds and mortgages 1,155,675 31
Cash market value of all stocks and
. bonds owned by company 2,242,546 73
Amount of ■ loans; secured by -pledge . • ;■»»».*.,
of bonds, stocks and other market- - — -
able securities as collateral..: 150.000 00
Cash In company's oHce 23.136 32
Cash in banks 293,134 09
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 10,726 07
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 316.377 60
Due from other companies for re-
insurance ....*... 491,99442
Total assets $5,098,954 29
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses in process of adjustment or I
in suspense \ $538,316 07
Losses resisted, including ex- I
penses J
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less; reinsurance
50 per cent ....:. 1,550,173 12
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata 250,803 54
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 1,125 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 219,531
Total liabilities $2,559,949 69
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $3,560,675 33
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 46,26122
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks,' loans and from
all other sources 96.668 8?
Received for rents.. 20,368 77
Received from all other sources 31,347 14
Total income l 13,755,321 33
EXPENDITURES. , >;..
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $516, SSI 57. losses of pre-
vious years) $2,276.907 23
Dividends to stockholders 375,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or ■ -
brokerage ....• 706,11144
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 235.12S 48
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 61.563 13
AH other payments' and expendi-
tures .' ■. ' 168,560 19
Total expenditures »..$3.523,576 44
I Fire.
Losses incurred during" l the year.' $2^76.907 23
•- - EMU, F. MIETHKE. Vice- President.
RUDOLF BERNDT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Z4tn
day of March. 1898.^ N DEinERirH
United States Consul at Magdebur*.
GUTTE & FRANK,
Managers Pacific Coast Department,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL. * - ■
Z~ Makers of
mmmtimmß
lil^ f fITTI^G
§pectacles^Eye Glasses
OPTICIANS>p h >PH,c =w .
■_ .. KHOTO ; ■ Scientific ;, >
642 Market st. instruments'
u*d?r CKRCHICU BUILDING. CATALOGUE FREE,
UU. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus SpreckeU Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. Hi California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco. , ■
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
EAKNY AND WASHINGTON STB.—
" deled and renovated. KING. WARD *
CO. European plan. Room* We to $1 50 day.
h> to **«•*• $8 to $30 month, Fre« t-tha; hot
and cold water every room; flr« crates la •▼•at
room; elevator run» all night.
liiliiljparOF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im
: porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
.; . • In Corresponding " th Any of th» VcV '-t nit Firms Please Mention "The Call."
; ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
/yj;; \ THE P. ROSSI CO.,
■ ffrtlsUc Furniture and firt Ware Importers.
;.; . . 117 SUTTER STREET.
;v ;• ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
• XiJPN7n CPDINfi Proprietor. Send for me««-
■ inEnLU OlKlnllure blanks. U. S. Commls-
'.•cion-.'. •» Geary St.. S. F.
'.■. ■ _•'.■'■ ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
• tlK'i. r fr CmiVni ED Hank. Office and Saloon
HBI X & btniNULttt, Fittings. «0» Market
! tr. Telephone South 2C7.
■ '■ ■ AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stork fll I ID «■ f0 n Montgomery St.,
, Auctioneers. WLLII CC VU- San FranclßCO.
:v. : BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
■h'M CrHACVIUf. Shipping trade supplied.
$ ill- blHUcMPtil. 039 Broadway street.
'.•.■■■•'. BELTING.
"■ IP iIFfiFV Manufacturer of Benin? and ;
: .X. UtUCPI, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- !
./slon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 56-
../ " BICYCLES.
: - .• -.. *9S Model Cleveland nicycles
" • : Pen for $50. 165 and J75. Crescents, In Men's
■• 4Cnd Ladies' 136. Second-hand "Wheels. $i 0 ana
';. .iii>. ' 'LKAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street. j
• '.- : •: BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
.'••.. •.W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
• •• Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
:• Office and Works— MISSION STREET \
■:.'.; Telephone Main 5045.
. ' BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
.: : TIE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, ;
' 13421 342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
.'; ... •■ Periodicals, Books and Stationery. j
; ..: '•' COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
f C. WILSON & CO.,
: .■}■'■: 900 BATTERY STREET.
•-.-!.:' ' Telephone Main 1564.
■/'■•'■ ■ COPPERSMITH.
'.* c'.:.Ja»«* Fox. Eupt. H. myth. Mjrr.
:C, W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat:
■/ ."jßn-d Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
'/■ /Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
v..;'.' ; DENTIST.
vBIV-C-. u r RICfiARDSi SE. comer 'Kearny.
■ Vb- C-. Tf- fflWHAIllO) 6E. corrier Kearny.
: ' : ■■.:-■. DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
BEDIWGTON&CO, a^ S M^4
.;. /. FIRE INSURANCE.
.:• ..1 EDWARD BROWN & SON,
■.•■ ■;; ' 407-409 Montgomery st.
/•Capita; Represented over 114,000.001
■V.?;. " . FRESH AND SALT MEATS. .
' IfeC' RAVCC * m Shipping Butchers. 101
Vr JAD- DVltb tt Wll,, Clay. Tel. Main l»i.
r.v : '■;;';, ■ • FLOUR. ~ ~~
= CVTIAKiI Flour Mills. J. Martenstetn & Co.
•; rlAllUriAL s.W. cor. Battery and Paclflo sta.
::■ ;.■;:':. ~~ FURS.
"'■ "••4' : n - 'lTflrnilD Furrier, all work guaranteed,
.'..' Alt: IVUvUUIV :.-; Kearny st., upstairs.
■•:':'■ HARDWARE.
; -Tj)ALACE Hardware Co., Importers & Dealer*
■ V in. Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
■•'. ■:..;_ . • HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
• : -I.fVbc 1' HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln St.. S. F. ',
<"° "°Whclf»ale and Retail Manufacturers of all
■■ ■ ' l :k'.tMß' of Harness and dealers In Buggies. '
•(. ; arts. etc II you want bargains call or writ*
>"-' : . '.-.' \ HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
■■■ f>\ T.'IVJ'C Hunters' Equipments, Fishing !
: . AjLJl'o Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send j
■ : fsr-' catalogue. GEO. W. SHBEVB, 733 Market
' ■ Street. . |
NEWS OF THE MINES.
in the Mining'
;% Industry Appears
to Be Here.
;.,f£ullion Receipts From
This State Keep Up
■;-•::.■• Surprisingly.
. Mining men are brightening up greatly '
at the news of peace. Peace means
• early, coming of a new life to the indus
i try.' . Timid capital was observed to
• shrink back at the first sign of war. as
!t always does, and the result has been
:' something like a small depression in tho
' 'mir.lng field. Men who were figuring on
'■ mining investments have in many ca
/.Concluded to wait. Owners and promo
•;. tiers have found It harder since the war
■; begaV to Interest men of money In new
■■ ventures. In spite of all the activity that i
•fcas'been going on it has been a bad sea
r for selling mining properties. The !
- 'ffects of the war have been felt In other
.ways; .
'.■I the removal of this extra caution is
•■■'.not .-the only way in which the mining
■ .industry is expected to be benefited. A
•great revival of business and Industrial
."activity generally is anticipated. An era
.. of. life, progress and good times is look
• ed -'for'.' As the most inviting field for en
■; jergy./ capital and brains, mining may be
' expected to fully share the life of the
new era. Throughout a good deal of the
.State .mining is just now greatly ham
- p<?pp<l also by the lack of water. But
fain and time promise a new and early
• -.-.ess to the mining industry in Cal
... ifo'rnia as elsewhere in the Pacific rc
•.'jgion;. •
;.■■'• From the United States Mint at San
■■ Francisco and from the Selby Smelting
.'•';. Company comes the report that so far
; tins year the receipts of bullion from Cal
, ifornia show but a slight decrease from
"• the. normal. It would have been natural
■1 to oxpect a very considerable decrease
! .•: HOTEL ARRIVALS^
, . /SKILLFUL COOKS' DUTY.
-.Should Make Food Taste and Look
■.-;. . . Well.
; '. .The true science of cookery Is to se-
• (eel proper and nourishing ingredients
•:aiid-then prepare them >.n such a man-
.-• ncr as will please the taste, and lncl-
.".' de'ntly tbe eye.
; ; '-."The most valuable food will not long ;
.. agree with a person if its taste is dis-
.""• agreeable. This does not argue that
.' all Bice tasting articles are nutritious'
'..and. nourishing. However, it is the i
. Vduty' of all food experts to produce de- I
■ Vicious food and from the best possible
'■• 1-h.gredients, and to have a eomprehen-
Knov ledge of the laws of diges-
tibd.and assimilation.
• * Grape-Nuts, the new food, made by
'•' i'osttim Cereal Co., Lim., Battle ("reek,
.. ahd nojv on sale at grocers, is thought
• to be the highest type of scientifically
■ .made, food thus far produced.
■ It possesses the delicate sweet of
grape-sugar, with a new and peculiar i
flavor of a most winning character, I
• while the processes of manufacture j
: have brought the food to such a condi-
tion that It is absorbed by the system j
' In a most natural and healthful man- j
ner. |
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton &Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 13« Sutter St,
San Francisco. Telephone Main 91T.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels. 535 Market St., San Francisco, .Cal. ;
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, (4,000,000.
ST2 & CO.. Agent*.
SOI California. ; st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRVrUPn Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
lllC OCKnIIAKU Bt . Telephone Main 1*74.
OPTICAL GOODS.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods. 14 and 16 Kearny street.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMPTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
TTILLMmLI IL 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
M and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PRINTING.
EC llljClilES> 511 PRINTER.
• W- IIUIJItLO<oU Pansome street.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN 5- CO..
T-EAt. ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nniICCTIP" Pre-eminently th» machine fo-
UUnfILOIIU family use 1021 Market m 6th.
SOAP
GP I JTV * C(i 123 California street.
, 11. LLWI a VIF,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te c^f Ic PARTRIDGE |j°|f
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, £»»»$& rt
TARTAR WORKS.
£SALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR, Manager.
Office SIS Front Street. San Francisco.
i , ,
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors
to Hawks & Sbattuca. Tot Uotna Industry
! House. MS Clay st.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. BCHINDLER, manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing don» la
i first-class style at fair prices for good work.
US Spear st. ; tel. Mpin 295.
WALLPAPER.
j WALLPAPER— WhoIesaIe and retail: send for
I samples, stating about quality and color, to
JAS. DUFFY CO.. 928-830 Howard St.. S. F.
WAREHOUSEMEN. , /r .
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and -Public ■■'Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. j
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TT ITIVTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUnUI) full 18-k. Weddinc Rings, 4 3d st.
with so large a percentage of the stamps
in the State hung up for lack of water
and with so many placer operations cur
tailed or stopped by the same cause. It
appears that the new producers which
are able to operate, and the many small
river - bed operations which can now be
carried on so advantageously, are keep
ing up the output in an unexpected way.
However, a considerable lessening of the
product will undoubtedly be shown when
this year's. record is made up.
One of the greatest strikes the county
has seen in a long time w;ip made this
v.>-k in the Brewer and Adams mine,
some of the ore extracted showing a val
ue of $15,000 per ton. The property in
situated on the west side of Turnback
Creek, and is an extension of the Pine
nut. A shaft was started down on a vein
twenty-two inches wide at the surface,
but at 55 feet, the present depth and
point where the strike was made, it had
widened out so that in the bottom there
are twenty inches of solid, well-defined
quartz, with two feet or more of vein
matter of the ribbon rock variety. It is
strictly a free-milling proposition, there
being no sulphurets.— Sonora Union-Dem
ocrat.
Mining operations of all kinds at Mur
phya are at a decided standstill. This is
owing (first) to a great scarcity of water
and the prospects of being cut off entirely
in a short time by necessitated improve
ments to be made on tho flumes in the
mountains. F. W. McNear has just r<
linqulshed all holds on his schemes here
and the mines he was prospecting arc
again relegated to idleness. In this as
sertion we do not mean to include th«
operations of the May Day Mining Com
pany down the grade. This eomapny is
pursuing one of the best schemes here
abouts, and It will not be long before
its splendid turfnel will tap the lode of th<
Gold Bug mine. Ore can then be rur
out to a mill on Angels Creek and work
ed most economically. This tunnel, wher
completed as designed, will open up on*
of the best territories in the mineral bell
here.— Calaveraa Prospect.
The cyanide plant at the Idlewild mln<
has been completed and is now in ful
operation. Twenty tanks of large capac
ity are engaged in leaching the old tail
ings from the mill.— Placerville Nugget.
The San Justo mine, at Carson Hill
Calaveras County, is an llustratlon ol
.successful work by good management ir
working low grade ores. Last Deeembei
Dr. Flint. C. A. Hamilton and Senatoi
Flint bought the property, unwatered i'
and retim&ered the shaft to the 700 level
They have milled ore from the 200 anc
:V>>) levels, and are opening levels at GO*
arid "00 feet. The ore mills from $3 50 tc
$4 a ton.— Mining and Sclentifie. Press.
The bonding of the Thorpe mine in Cal
averas County to the California Explora
tlon Company i» of interest for the waj
in which the development of this promis
ing property Is Insured. The agreemen
provides In part a.s follows: The mininj
company will deliver to the Crocker
Woolworth Bank a deed to be placed ii
escrow. The party of the second par
agrees to pay within seven days fron
date of agreement $20,000, first payment
and $200,000 within a year, or by July 20
1899; provided, however, that should sec
ond party elect, second payment may b<
deferred two years Within thirty day!
after date, of agreement shall comment*
to construct a three-compartment shaf
600 feet deep, with approval machinery
also a second shaft in accordance with tli(
laws of the State of California; the erect
ing of a mill of not less than thirtj
stamps. On completion of mill and 600
foot shaft, reducing ol ore.-, shall be com
menced. Should second party elect to de
fer second payment, must .sink 100 feet li
600-foot shaft at rate of 100 feet in sh
months.. The new company is now in pos
session of the property and work has al
ready commenced.
The Homestake property, situated nea
Jacksonville, adjoining the Eagle-Shaw
mut mine on the south, has been incor
porated. The Homestake was located ii
1866 and has been worked at varioui
times ever since, $20,000 being taken fron
its surface workings. The formation it
black mineralizfxl .slate.
The main double compartment worklni
shrift on the Rappahannock mine is no?
down 1150 feet, and miners are engage(
in crosscutting at the 1100-foot mark. Thi:
THE SAN FH AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
makes the fourth level that has been es
tablished, the others being at the 100, 350
and 600. It can thus be seen that tbik
mine is not only one of the deepvst in the
county but the Immense bodies of^ or^
have been practically untouched. — Sono
ra I'nion-Democrat.
Colonel I>. 11. Jackson hns commenced
operations on the Ida Mitchell mine. The
tunnel has been cleared out and is being
retimbered as rapidly as possible, pre
paratory to enlarging the working force
now employed.— Mountain Democrat.
The Long-fellow mine at Big Oak has
paid all indebtedness, wijl build new
hoisting works and put everything in
shape for work. Tuolumne River is about
all taken up in placer claims and is being 1
worked with varying success.— Tuolumne
Independent.
The Providence mine is said by mining
men who are posted to be looking better
now than ever before in its history. The
ore bodies are large and of excellent
grade, and the property is being handled
in a skillful manner in all its departments.
— Nevada City Transcript.
Negotiations are pending for the erec
tion of a chlorination plant in the Grass
Valley district. It s estimated that the
works will coat $25,000 by the time they
are completed.
The owners of the Constitution and
Great Western mines in Willow Valley
expect to commence operations soon, with
Mr. Floyd as .superintendent.— Grass Val
ley Telegraph.
More bullion is being from Bo
die than from any other mining camp of
its size in the country, and vet it doesn't
appear that there is much going on,
though the Standard steadily employs up
ward of 100 men. and twice that number
are employed elsewhere in this vicinity.—
Bodie Miner-Index.
During July the following were the
quicksilver shipments from mines in this
locality: Napa, 600 flasks; Etna. 300;
Great '"Western, 146; Vallejo. 23; total, 1069.
This is an increase of UH flasks over the
June shipment.— St. Helena Sentinel.
On Friday of last week' Robert A. Skin
ner of K:ist Fork purchased from the Xl
agara Mining Company the Yellowstone
BECALMED IN MIDOCEAN.
The flmericar; Bark General Fairchild Is Now Out 118 Days Froro Newcastle, N. S. W., for
This Port and 5 Per Cent Reinsurance Has Been Paid on Her Cargo. When
Spoken by the British Bark Martha Fisher on July 4 the General Fairchild
Was Under All Sail, but Was Only Making About Three Knots to the Other
Vessel's Six. ___^
group of mines, situated in the East * ork !
mining district of this county. This group
was formerly owned by the late • \\ . .a .
Co!. 'man. and has been under a lease to
Mr. Skinner for a number of. years past.—
Trinity Journal. ■»«„_-
Superintendent Parmelee of the Minne
sota is reporting good progress on that
promising property. The mine has been
Idle several years, pending the settlement ,
of some legal matters, but it is the inten
tion of Mr. Parmelee and his associates
to fully develop and operate the mine-now
that everything has been settled.-Red
ding Searchlight. " v _
The hydraulic miners at Oro Fino, Mug
ginsville and Quartz \ alley, are getting
everything n readiness for good work
during the coming winter, as soon as the
rainy season Bets in to supply an abun
dance of water for the giants and elevat
ors. Jones Co.. at .Quart* Valley, are
getting their mill in good order, to com
mence crushing In a few' days. The river
miners in the Klamath are reported as
all doing well this season in Retting out
a good supply of gold from the rich pay
gravel so easily reached by, the,extraordi
narily low stage of the water.-Yreka
J rn Ap"lln. in the Mad Mule mine at
Whiskytown, Shasta County. in a con
tact of porphyry and manganese took
out $1300 of honeycombed' gold, free from
quartz, of which several ' pieces were as
ce a bes hh t en of Undeveloped mines of the
Randsburg district, are steadily demon
strating the value and permanence of the
ore bodies of that region. .The Yellow
Aster .Company makes this showing ac
cording to the Randsburg Miner: The
Yellow Aster Mining Company cleaned
up $35,370 at the Barstow mill, Tuesday
and Wednesday of this week the result
of the last half of July In the middle
of the month they cleaned up $28 000 mak
ing with the last clean up $G3,370 for the
month. This is the largest run ever
made in one month by the company. They
are now working in a solid ore body in
the Trilby mine more than forty, feet
thick and milling every pound of It The
last clean up was principally from Trilbj
ore and averaged as near as they could
.estimate. it $43 per ton. Their July divi
dend will be $25,000 and this notwith
standing some heavy expenditures in
water development. The outlook for the
Rand group of mines was never better,
in fact never so good as now." .
Receiver Pauly reports the Golden
Cross group, to be in better shape than,
tver before. As conclusive proof of this,
the clean-up of bullion for the month of
July reached $50,000, most of it being clear
Profit When Mr. Pauly took charge of
the mines a year ago last month there
was an indebtedness of $295,000 against the
i property and this has already been re
duced 50 per cent, with every indication
that within another year the last cent
will have been wiped out. Receiver Pauly
has also been paying the debt at the rate
of 5 per cent a month. In the thirteen
months of his management the mines
have produced 7 : $560,000. The mines may
be expected to produce at least $15,000 to
$20 000 net per month for years to come.
The payroll of the* company contains the
names of about .' 250 men.— San Diego
: Santa Barbara reports striking a. rich
flow of petroleum at, Summerland, |Cal.
The well was sunk beneath the ocean bed
from a platform which runs out on the
beach The new well struck a flow from
oil sand at a depth of 32.'. feet, and the oil
flows to the surface. There .are other
wells at Summerland, but they require
pumping. This new well of Mr. Tread
well's overflows the pipes and runs di
rectly into the tanks. The well is be
lieved to have tapped the mother lode of
oil —Mining and Scientific Press.
The arrangements for the commence
ment of operations in unwatering ■ the
downtown mines at Leadville are about
completed, all .the. preliminary work hav
ing been done. It is not yet known when
the work will actually be commenced.
the company awaiting the return of its
president, S. W. Mudd, from the East.
There seems to be no limit to the uses
to which aluminum can be put. The Rus
sian Minister of War ;; has approved _ of
aluminum horse shoes for the cavalry,
after a severe test as to their merits. They
wear longer than iron ones, are less affect
ed by moisture, cost no more, and are of
course much lighter. They are likely to
come into general use In the near future.
—Western Mining World.."
Advances made on furniture and plenos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017*1023 Mission.
TWO OVERDUE
COAL SHIPS
Barks Geo. F. Manson
and General Fairchild.
REINSURANCE PAID ON THEM
THE WEECTT'S NEW BOILERS
WOULD NOT FIT.
Four Big Sailing Vessels to Leave
Here Under Charter to Load
Nitrate at Iquique for
England.
Some needless anxiety is felt over the
long passages being made by the barks
George F. Manson and General Fairchild
from Australia. The Manson Is now out
102 days from Sydney, N. S. W., and ten
guineas reinsurance has been paid on her.
While the Fairchild, 118 days out from
Newcastle, N. S. W., only calls for five
guineas reinsurance. The vessels are
both loaded with coal, and the- fear is j
that they may have caught lire. There Is !
not much chance of that; however, as fine
weather has been reported by all incom
ing vessels, so there would be no diffi
culty about taking off the hatches and ,
airing the cargo.
The George F. Manson has not been
seen since she left port, but the General
Fairchild was spoken on July 4 in lati
tude 21 north, longitude 14.", west, by the
British bark Martha Fisher. The latter j
arrived here July 31, making the run from
the same port as the Fairchild in sev- ;
enty-seven days. Captain Ferris reports
that when he passed the Fairchild she
was under all sail, but was only, making
a scant three knots an hour, while his
vessel was making at least twice that
speed. He expected to reach ' San Fran- j
cisco fifteen days ahead of her, and his ex- j
pectations will probably be realized.
When spoken, the Fairchld was in about
the latitude of Hawaii, and the bark Mo- j
hican Is now out thirty-six days from
Honolulu, while nearly all the vessels
from Australia have been making long
passages, and the captains report light
winds and calms as the causes of delay.
The British ships Celticßaceand Langdale j
were ninety-four days getting here from
Newcastle, N. S. W., while the American
bark Big 'Bonanza was ninety-two days
from Sydney, so it, can be seen that, in
spite of the reinsurance, the chances are
all in favor of the Manson and Fairchild.
The damage to the torpedo-boat de
stroyer Farragut will be repaired in a
few days, and about the end of the week
the vessel will have another test on me
bay. The accident to the vessel did not
happen when she was returning from her
trial, nor was she going at a high rate
of speed at the time. The warship was
about to move away from the wharf, and
all the lines had been cast off. The signal
to go astern slow was given, but instead
of going astern the Farragut went ahead.
Eight or ten feet of the stem was twisted.,
and that necessitated the removal of the
whole piece in order to straighten it out.
The steam schooner Isort.h Fork goes
back on the Eureka run ' next Tuesday.
She was fitted up to carry troops to Hono
lulu but the Government would not ac
cent' her. Then she was put on the berth
for St. Michael, but there" were no gold
hunters anxious to reach Dawson, bo the
deckhouses built on her at great expense
were torn off and the vessel goes back
into the lumber trade. ■ ',,
■ The steam - schooner ■ \veeott that was
lengthened and practically rebuilt will not
be ready for service for some time. Her
owners sent East for. her new boilers,
and when they arrived it was found that
they wore not suited for the vessel. . They
are"now being altered at the Risdon Iron
Works. ' .
The revenue cutters Corwin. Grant,
Perry and Rush, assigned by President
McKlnley to co-operate with the navy at
the commencement of E hostilities, have
been returned to the Treasury Depart
ment. v . ■• 'LV^ ". : . . « "■.*.*"•
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's steamer Doric sailed for Ha
waii Japan '- and China yesterday. She
was crowded with freight and passengers.
In fact all the people who wanted to go
to Honolulu could not be accommodated.
There will now be no steamer from this
port for the islands until the Moana sails
next month. ._ < \ '„'''
The British ships -Burmah, Parnassus,
Samaritan and Seafarer have been char
tered to load nitrate at Tqulque for Eng
land.-All four vessels will pro from here
In ballast. In case of a war with Rus
sia- the 12,000 tons of nitrate these vessels
will carry will be^thankfully received in
Great Britain. ** .. . . r t
The following graduates of the McNevln
Bros 'Navigation school have been grant
ed licenses by the United States Inspec
tors of Hulls' ard Boilers:
Masters— L.E.'Atwatpr, unlimited, any ocean
and pilot, port of San Francisco: R. Lancaster,
1500 tons, any ocean, and pilot,, port of San
Francisco: L. Fltzmaurloe, 1000 tons, any ocean
and pilot, port of San Francisco: F. K. Ma
eune 2500 tons, any ocean: as master and pilot.
Gulf 'of the Farallon. Thomas G. Low.
Chief Mates— A. T. Lowell,; 1500 tons, any
ocean: • H. C. Doughty, IBM tons, any ocean. -
A* Second Mates— A. S. Shapley, unlimited,
any ocean; A. P. < Tjiindlnl, unlimited, • any
ocean; H. Ravens, unlimited, any ocean. =
Chief Of fleer, (Chamber, of Commerce)— P.
Liiindini. ___________ ■
ladies' tallor-n.a<l<» suits; latest s designs; ■. we
give credit. M. \ RottwcJbUd. ill Butter, r. P&J-
PRINTERS ON THE BAY.
Convention Delegates Have an Ex
cursion and Elect Officers.
The closing day of the eighth annual
convention of the State Typographical
Union was begun yesterday morning by
an excursion on the bay under the per
sonal supervision of J. J. Keegan, secre
tary of the Harbor Commissioners, and
participated in by all the delegates and
the following named invited guests:
Mrs F E. Caler, Mrs. S. H. Jenner,
Mrs. M. A. Mclnnis, Mrs. A. W. Wehner,
Mrs. W. B. Benoist, Mrs. Thomas Parker,
Miss Rose Mulgrew, Miss I* Lamb. Miss
M. Lanigan, Miss Lizzie Thompson, Miss
Fanny Mclnnis. Judge Robert Ferral. A.
W. Wehner, secretary affiliated trades, J.
G. Rickard.
During the trip patriotic songs were
sung, short speeches were made and re
freshments, bearing the union label, were
enjoyed. The run Included a visit to the
Union Iron Works, through the Golden
Gate and the Raccoon Straits. A pretty
feature of the trip was the salutations ex
changed with the outbound Columbia,
whose American flag was three times run
up as the excursionists on the Governor
Markham gave three cheers for Old Glory
and the successful termination of the war
with Spain.
The officers elected at the afternoon ses
sion are: President, A. J. Read, Oakland
No. 36; vice president, F. E. Caler, San
Francisco Pressmen's Union No. 24; sec
retary-treasurer, M. A. Mclnnis, Oakland
No. 36; organizer, C. E. Fisk, Los Angeles
No 174 • executive committee— Thomas H.
Perry Eureka No. 207; William Hill. San
Francisco Stereotypers' Union No. 29;
William Miner. San Francisco No. 21.
A specal vote of thanks was tendered
J. J. Keegan. secretary of the Board of
Harbor Commissioners, and Captain Pet
zin*ar and crew of the tug Governor
Markham for the pleasure of the trip
.iround the bay.
Resolutions In regard to the Brewery
Workmen and the Cigarmakers' unions
were adopted.
Eureka was selected as the place for
holding the ninth annual convention, and
Thomas H. Perry, delegate from Eureka
No. 207, was elected a member of the ex
ecutive board.
A memorial presented by David Lubin
was ordered spread upon the minutes.
A banquet was tendered to the delegates
by San Francisco Tnion No. 21 last night.
Seeks a Divorce.
Josephine Hay den has annlied for a di
vorce from Edwin Hayden. The plain
tiff alleges cruelty as a cause of com
plaint.
PROPERTY WANTED.
+ + + + + + + + +' + + + + ♦♦ + + -♦-
+ 4-
♦ It Pays to Trade in the Mission. *
$ Backed by Style X
♦ ♦
+ Indicates a very pleasant position to ♦
**" oooupy; in fact, it doesn't pay to oo- _^
+ oupy any other position. That's just +
■♦• where we stand in the furniture trade. "*"
T_ There's nothing suggestive of a back +
+ number about our establishment. We -f
. "*" don't deal in eccentricities and sur- .
+ vivals. Our stock admirably illustrates +
♦ the beauty and artistic eleganoe of the ♦
"*" new styles. Our parlor, bedroom and +
+ dining-room suites are full of surprises ; +
T you will be surprised at the varied and .
♦ novel designs and patterns, and the ♦
"*" low prices at which we are selling the +
+ goods, and we shall be surprised if you +
♦ don't make a purohase after inspecting +
4- our goods. ' -f
, our goods.
I PATTOSIEN'S, ♦
X Cor. 16th and Mission. X
+'. . , ... ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities; Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and i all l derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25 cts. a box. At Druggists,
L or.by mail. : RADWAY & CO., New York.
■
ADVERTISEMEJMTS.
DRESS
GOODS
We announce an exceptional sale of dress
goods for this week at prices which should be
appreciated by every one. The goods, the
quality of which is very good indeed, are this
season's styles and designs.
Imported Pierola cloths, the latest
styles, a dozen different patterns to
select from, fast black warranted, large
raised figured effects, 45 inches wide,
the $1.50 quality, special for this week
S/.00 a y ard -
Ten pieces English army serge, 54
inches wide, strictly all wool, a good fast
black, regular value 75 cents a yard,
special for this week
5O c * s a y ar^-
Above goods at Market-street store only.
Following goods at both stores.
Shirt
Waists
You will need shirt waists for
quite a while yet. They will be'
worn all through the fall ; but we
have to sell them at reduced prices
to make room for "the fall stock
now arriving.
Shirt waists at closing-out prices. All
our waists, formerly sold at 75 cents,
$1.00 and $1.25, now go at
Drapery
Silkoline drapery, 45 pieces, in new
designs.
Klondike gold drapery, 65 pieces in a
great assortment in new designs and
colors. Regular price of these draperies
is 12i cents, present price
Q cts a yard.
Sole agents for Columbia Kid Gloves.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 Post Street. 1220-1222-1224 Market Street.
STATEMENT
' OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS j
—OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1537, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $jOO,OOO 00
' " ASSETS.
Real estate owned .by company $303,850 40
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,175,505 S3
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 822, 410 00
Amount of leans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 99.300 00
Cash in company's office 9.C03 04
Cash in banks : . 84,800 02
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 64. 11
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages .2*fsl IS
Premiums in due course of collection 122. So
Ground rents, well secured.. 21.320 00
Rents due and accrued..'..' ...;.... • I.4Sb ,ii
Total assets $2,675,520 22
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $17,407 05
Losses In process of adjustment or ■;•'„' „„
in suspense • • 90,0i4 35
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 12,720 19
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,012,541 41; _
reinsurance 50 per cent uOG,J 1 O j0
Gross premiums on flre ' risks run-
ning more than one year, $520,089 84; jnn „
reinsurance pro rata.'. . . .-.i . . .... .••'.- -■ ■ 420,916 57
Amount reclaimable by the insured ..' - .-.
on perpetual flre insurance policies. . 567,066 79
Commissions and brokerage due and ' ,'
to become due.... .....:.'...'. ■ ">»**»;"*
Total liabilities .......' $1,633,218 53
INCOME. - :. . . ..-
Net cash actually received for fire - _
premiums ....$1,281,610 bo
Received for interest on bonds and. ; .
mortgages ;................... 63,6,"8 10
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from • •
all other sources 4 2 2 6?
Received for rents 16,093 SI
Received from all other sources 10,071 86
Total income $1,412,900 11
EXPENDITURES.- ;
Net amount paid for fire losses (in- ■
i eluding $122,102 :6. losses of .previous
! , years.) $096.702 79
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5..... ........... 40.000 00
! Paid or allowed for commission or ■ -
brokerage .." 267,553 77
I Paid for salaries, fees and .other ■
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 108,300 00
' Paid for State, national and local .
taxes :...• .\. ..:... :..:.. .31.430 57
All other payments and expenditures , 162,883 10
Total expenditures $1,296,875 23
Fire.
: Losses incurred during the year $694,741 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. -,
Net amount of' risks
written during the year $135.399,924 $1,612,827 48
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 122.091,374; 1.569,439 08
Net amount in force De- j
cember, 31.' 1897. ..'. ...... 159.015.967 1.832.631 25
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY, President.
RICHD. MARIS. Secretary.
' Subscribed and sworn 'to before me this 27th
day of January. 1898. ' - :; ■
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
XS"OTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS, BAK-
Or\Ul3lJ IZjkJ ers '' bootblacks, bath-
; TT.-^r:. houses, billiard tables.
j brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, ; canners, .
j dyers, flourm'lls, foundries, laundries, paper-
i bangers, printers, painters, > shoe ' ■ factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
, . - BUCHANAN BROS., .„ :
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
Fifty pieces .of figured satin berbers,
large and small designs, warranted a good
fast black, 38 inches wide, best wool
and mohair, usual price 60c a yard,
special for this week
35 c * s a yard.
English flannelette, 100 pieces in vari-
ous new styles and designs, excellent for
wrappers, regular 12?, cents, closing-
out price
Q3Q 3 cts a yard.
Brocade
Silks
Black brocade silks, very handsome
designs, 21 inches wide, regular value
$1.00, present price
75 c * s a y ar(^v
Evening shade brocade silks, beautiful
designs, in pink, light blue, lemon, maize
and lavender, regular $1.00 value, now
75 c * s a . y ar<^'
Ribbons
Fancy ribbons, 200 pieces, all late
designs, 3| to 4 inches wide, former price
30, 35 and 40 cents, now
2O c * s a y arc^
Towels
Initial Turkish towels, those with nice
finish that always sell for 40 cents,
size 24x48 inches, our price now
V. 25 .eta..
. -. .
STATEMENT
OF THE
: CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVEA FIRE and LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, ON THB
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
I the year ending on that day, as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call-
: fornia', pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condense*
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash . • 8533,333 31
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 757,426 81
Loans on bonds and mortgages...... 2,363,2*4 71
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,351,228 81
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 932,453 88
Cash in bank 5.........: 3«,<Wl 79
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 65,611 28
Premiums in due course of collection 40.975 74
Rents due and accrued ' 2,666 67
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid..... .203,94145
Due from the company's agents 186,845 M
Total assets $6,939.488 08
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or ■
' In suspense • $104,000 09
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
. ning on.- year or less, reinsurance
50 per cent: gross premiums on flre
risks running more than one year,
reinsurance pro rata 489,973 5?
Liability under life department 4,455.074 91
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 11,889 87
All other demands against the com- . _
pany - 483.660 15
• Total liabilities .?.... $5,544,093 M
INCOME.
Net cash, actually received for flre
premiums"- r . ......' • $1,303,119 «7
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, . loans and from •
all other source? V. *£,!« 48
Received from all other sources <05.288 44
Total income $2,481,150 58
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $493,121 81
Paid or allowed for commission ■ or
brokerage ......"...,........:..... 374,233 68
Paid for salaries, fees and other _
charges for officers, clerks, etc 156,172 96
Paid for State, national and local
taxes • •••• 17.241 83
All other payments and expenditures 1,276,435 82
Total expenditures .............»...$2.317.811 09
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net - amount .of risks -. . £* ' '
* written during the year $365.628.U6 $1,820,240 98
1 plred during, the year.. 192,528.439 774,14181
plred during the year.. 192.."25,439 774,14181
Net amount in force De- liM»M«l, IHWII
cember 31. .1897....;..... 166.626.343 ; 884.659 97
T ED LEVISSON, Vlce-Presldent.
ERNST BRING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
ay ° GUDEN AKERMARK, Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
Genera! Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
SAN FRANCISCO \
«r^gt*" m ***ht?«M.Kr Big 6 la a non -poisonous
-<•>£>>* i > jJ£* Jta *s*wti remedy for - Gonorrhoea,
>P'VyT^llK^iiP 'VyT^IIK^ii -Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
I £d£f&in 1 to s .I*.™, Tgl Whites, unnatural dii-
i /SEjr QB»ranu-«i f§ charges, or any inflamma-
fj"227j/ cot to itrictcre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
P*— <J Pnven'j contagion. | tion of guconi mem-
g^&THfEVANSCHEMmuCo. braneg - Non-astringent.
VtmciNCINMTI.O RSI ° ld by DriMra-LU.
fig-jat. rr 8 i TB^^or sent m plain wrapper,
■J^fflsJ* \^&Tm b7b 7 expreag. prepaid, for
<i^MKll7Vl 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles. $2.75.
V^SS^S^V'' 9 Circular *^nt on raqaect.
fe "PATENTS^
XSi^33o MARKET ST. SJ.XS^
.... ■ ■ ■
910
PLANNING TO
CHECK THOSE
STREET JOBS
Mayor Phelan May Block the
Awarding of Contracts by
the Supervisors.
Specifications Will Be Required to Explicitly
Specify Work to Be Done for the City.
An Eastern Example.
There was a noticeable stir around
the City Hall yesterday; caused by the
expose In The Call of the bold fraud
which was sought to be perpetrated on
the city treasury by the Supervisors
■ through jugglery of contracts for re
pairing and repaying bituminlzed
s-treuts.
"Strikes 'em \,hard under the belt,"
and "Shows up the rotten scheme."
were some of the remarks heard.
The Street Committee of the Super
visors, whose "open door" specifica
tions for repairs and re-covering of
streets caused the Investigation and
the expose, was by no means. In pood
humor and had a number of hard
things to say about "meddlesome
newspapers" generally. That the game
was blocked was only one feature of
the offense. The past history of the
street repairing contracts and of the
city's expensive attempt to do the work
itself, which was-so mercilessly shown
up. simply disgusted the gang of poli
ticians who are in the public service for
boodle only. The act of The Call in
printing the bald facts shown by the
records was noi appreciated at its
proper value by these thrifty patriots.
•As for Mayor Phelan, he proclaimed
• himself to be as much disgusted as the
. Street Committee politicians, but for a
different reason.
•■• ."Another attempt to rob the city,"
"was his murmured ejaculation, as he
•perused The Call's plain statement of
-.the facts.
While he was busied; In this way a
' reporter dropped in upon him at his
.private office in the Phelan building:.
The Mayor had not yet finished re?.d
■ \Tig the article, but his observations
.•were quick and to the point.
. "Approve this job?" he queried with
r'sinu eyebrows. "Not until I know ■
■!y what the work advertised nn
.•d~r these specifications consists of to
.the smallest detail. I propose t<> ascer
-■' tain whether the contractor is to do
worth of work or $15,000 worth
." for the fixed sum to be awarded him
' under the bid. I nm studying the specl
• Orations at this time and have also
.; been over some of the streets which
the- Supervisors' expert says need re
i^.ying. Ore crossing mentioned in the
' .list certainly is in first class condition.
That fact I have already ascertained.
further. The inclusion of that crossing
. ip certainly a mistake. Other mistakes
■ an possible. I will fln.<! out for myself.
'There is plenty of time."
'What is your opinion of specifloa
■libns for street repairing and repaying
that do not specify whether the con-
tractor Is to do much or little work for
■ lits money, the payment being a fixed
' sum?" was asked,
■ "Any ime who understands matters
••at all knows that such loose specifica
tions Invir- fraud," tersely replied Mr.
. Phelan. "But I will study the whole
•matter over and be prepared to act as
the circumstances require. No street
■repairing and repaying contract shall
be let with my consent that does, not
exactly specify the work."
•The matter of the award of the con
tract comes up before the Supervisors
on next Monday afternoon, and a warm
session is expected. Members Smith
and Lackmann are outspoken in opposi
tion 'to the award of the contract to the
■ City Street Improvement Company,
claiming that Bingham's $23,000 bid for
repairs and nine and one-half cents for
repaying !s the lowest. Supervisor
Britt Is the champion of the Improve
ment Company on its straight bid of
$37,797. Since The Call lias shown up
the inwardness of the whole matter It
Is quite probable that Smith and Lack-
Hi'ann will light any award under the
present specifications, although they
make no announcement for the pres«
. ent of theli» intentions.
It is Interesting In this connection to
that some nine years ago, in the
•city of- Cincinnati, Ohio, the corrup
tion Incidental t'i the letting of con
tract! rrosa that the cttl
z--ns t"uk matters int" their own
■hands, not by driving contractor!
political bribe-takers out of town, but
by standing over the contractors: and
compelling them to d< their
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak
Men
ATTENTION !
I suffered for years from sexual weak-
ness, seminal losses, varicocele, stricture,
"atrophy, neurasthenia, brain and nerve
exhaustion. I was robbed, swindled and
nearly killed by quacks, advertising doc-
tors, medical institutes, etc. A brother
clergyman told me he had suffered from
the same troubles that 1 had. that he
was treated and cured at small expense
by 'an honest firm of manufacturing
.chemists, and advised me to write to
t-hem; I did so; they sent me a small
book.- I read it, followed the advice
'therein given, and was permanently cured
for a .few dollars.
I would advise every man that Is suf-
. fer.lng from any weakness or disease to
1 write at once to Lea. Wood & Co.. Man.
•ufacturing Chemists, Lowell, Mass.. for
.a copy of their book entitled "A Practi-
cal Treatise on Sexual Weakness, Brain
and" Nerve Exhaustion." It tells how to
cure- yourself privately at home at small
• expense, and avoid being -robbed by
• quacks and . swindlers.
• , ' REV. CHARLES U. DOWNING,
In the Mnllcal Inrr-tignior nnci A tivn'r
' We. the undersigned, all located in the
City of Lowell and State of < Massachu-
setts, do hereby indorse and recommend
the firm of Lea, Wood & Co. as being
strictly honest, honorable and thorough-
ly reliable: Lowell Morning Mall. Lowell j
.Daily Sun. Ix>well Trust Company Bank, i
C. F. Hatch & Co.. manufacturers; John
"H. Harrington. ex-City Treasurer; P. .J.
• Flemings, ex-Alderman; Professor J. i
Frederick Ricf, expert* therapeutist.
. Order our book (free to-day for two
stamps to pay postage).
LEA. .WOOD & CO.. .
85 Prescott Street, Lowell,' Mass. j
' paving work according to specifications.
Scores of Belf-appomted citizen in
spectors kept ceaseless vigil day by
day. note book in hand, closely observ
ing the laying of granite blocks and
noting the quantity of tar used and
every small detail. The slightest di
vergence from tlve specifications was
Immediately reported to the municipal
Hoard of Public Works and so acute
was the public tension that the contrac
tors found it absolutely necessary to
conform to specifications, although sev
REMEMBERING CALIFORNIA'S ADMISSION DAY.
Officers Who Are Interested in the PreDarations That Are Being Made to
Celebrate the 9th of SeDtember Jn San Jose,
PT'RRf'ANT to the request made
by William M. Conley, Krand
president of the Native Sons of
the Golden West, it Is apparent
from .!■ preparations that have
already been tnadi by the parlors
of this city, those of AJameda and Santa
Clara counties that they will endeavor
to make the celebration in San .Ins.- on
the i«th of next September one of the
grandest that has ever been held under
the auspices '>f the Callfornian organiza
tion.
San Franclsrn will be represented In
the celebration by twenty-eight parlors.
Alameds County by six and Santa Clara
by three. The work of preparation here
Is being carried on under the direction
of a joint committee, composed of repre
sentatives from the parlors •>!' this city
i and from tl.ose of Alameda County, the
officers of which are; Charles E. Mooser
Of Presidio Parlor, president; Robert W.
Martland of Sequoia Parlor, secretary,
; and W. I>. Shea of California Parlor,
treasurer. The officers of the San Jose
contingent are: W. J. Kirkpatrick, presi
dent: .1. S. Williams, vie. ; president; E. 11.
I.eitch, secretary, and W. F. Lenzen,
treasurer.
The joint committee to assist it In tho
arrangement of the many details that are
to be looked after in an event of this
character has appointed the following
us sub-committees: W. H. Huzell of Pa-
I rifle Parlor, L>oulß F. Byington of Nian
tlc and David C. Martin of California, on
transportation; W. C. Miller uf Preclta
Parlor, C. Stoigor of Stanford. J. W.
Kentxell of Sequoia. Joseph E. O'Donnell
of Yerba Bnena and Paul McDonulO ut
Pacific, on parade; J. I. Dockery of Call
1 fornia Parlor, L. H. Kohn of Hesperian,
P. 11. Mills of Mission, on finance; 1,.
Nonnemarin of South San Franelaco Par
lor, W. E. McCreery of National and H.
N. Gard of Oakland, on printing; George
: Henry Stanley Dryden of Rlncon Parlor,
j D. W. Doody of Piedmont and J. Hen
nlnßs of San Francisco, on music; Robert
W. Martland of Sequoia, J. L. Gallagher
; of Atcatrax and J. M. llanley of Preclta,
, on press; A. li. Morgernstern ot Halcyon
Parlor, C. H. CoaneU of Golden Gate and
H. Sagehorn of Brooklyn, on hotels; H. J.
Mulcreevy of OiympiU Parlor, J. 11.
Glass of Alameda and Henry George
Wi.Hhington Dinkelsplel of Buy City, on
' advertising, and Ben V. Woolner of Ath
ens Parlor, Percy V. Long of Columbia
and l^eon Velller of Marshall, on decora
tions.
In San Jose the Eeveral sub-committees
! have been actively at work and have
aroused nn unusual degree of enthusiasm
in the population, not only the city, but
j the entire county, in tho matter of glv
i Ing all the Native Sons and the many
Native Daughters who will accompany
them a genuine California welcome. That
j welcome will be extended to all, who,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 3 893.
oral of them had evidently made out
bids expecting: to do slipshod work, as
hnd been the custom before. Several
were compelled to make apslgrimente,
not beine able llnancially to do the
work on the specified lines, nnd the ex
pectant politicians Interested got no
"divvy," but the city of Cincinnati se
cured a complete first class repaying
of her principal business and residence
streets at the moderate cost of $4,000,000
to the municipality and an additional
$4,000,000 to the abutting property own
ers. The miles upon miles of granite.
and asphalt laid at that time is still in
first class condition, but the contrac
tors who were beaten by the public at
their own gxme have not yet recovered
from that tired feelinp.
The example of the Cinclnnatians
may yet be followed by the taxpayers
of San Francisco, who have about
reached tli" limit of their endurance of
bold-faced Bteals. A careful watching
of the contractors who may repave
streets in this city— a comparison of
their daily work with the specifications
— will tend to prevent the slipshod
work which has prevailed in the past.
The contractors will be obliged to make
the concrete bases of streets sufficient
ly firm to prevent future sinking, and
to spread a two and a half inch layer
of bitumen instead of a one and a half
Inch layer — always supposing that the
specifications are properly drawn and
that the authorities pay attention to
the complaints of citizen volunteer In
spectors regarding attempted viola
tions of sp Ifleatione. if each prop
erty owner along the line of improve
ments will constitute Mmself a guard
over the contractors a long step will be
taken toward the Inauguration of a
new order of thir><-«. The ('all can al
ways be depended upon to publish the
substantiated statements of any citi
zens regarding non-performance of
conditions and specifications by con
tractors.
' while not members of either organization,
| will visit the Garden City during the days
of the festivities.
In <arli of the local parlors the subject
i of the celebration has been discussed dur
ing the past three weeks, atnl Borne of
have already completed th>-ir ar
rangements. California Parlor No. 1 has
secured headquarters In the Druids' Hall
in Han Jose, and has adopted as uniforms
for its members, white duck pantaloons,
light-colored negligee shirts, with '!•• to
match, am] straw hats. It has secured
the services of Blanchard's band. <>n the
afternoon of the 9th there will be a prom
i epade conceri at headquarters. The mem
j bers of Bnena Vista Parlor of the Native
Daughters will be the special guests of
this parlor.
Stanford Parlor No. 76 will turn out In
j grand style. It has secured headquar
i ters at the Vendome, and has arranged
! the following programme: Parades to the
San Jose train on the night of the Sth
of September; reception on that night in
i headquarters; <>n the morning of the 9th.
parade in San Jose, in uniform of dark
' coat and pantaloons, white vest, black
tie, and straw hat. Kach member will
carry a can.- of California laurel; after
noon, concert on the lawn of the hotel
by the parlor's band of sixteen pieces; in
the evening, grand ball In the hotel. On
the 10th the parlor will take part In the
clambake at Agricultural Park, and on
the llth will go to Alum Rock, where a
bullshead breakfast will be served.
Sequoia Parlor No. ISO, ever nllve and
ready to support these annual celebra
tions, will do all In Its power to present
an attractive fenture In the grand pa
rade, and to that end there has been a
personal appeal to each member. The
committee Is of the opinion that Sequoia
will not be In the background at San
Jose. The members will wear white duck
pantaloons, golf shirt, blue flannel cout,
white yachting cap and white canvas
shoes. The Native Sons' band, led by
Professor Sousa Barton, will furnish the
music on the occasion of the night parade
and in San Jose. During the coming
week this parlor will decide exactly what
special feature it will have, and will also
arrange the programme for the enter
tainment of guests during Friday, Satur
day and Sunday In San Jose.
I'recita Parlor No. 187 will in the pro
| cession be preceded by a drum corps,
: and the members will parade In the uni
form that Is worn by the men of the
United States navy while on duty In the
tropics. The members wish it under
stood that they will wear a full uniform.
and not what some of the navy wore at
Manila recently— a pair of hlgh-wnter
pantaloons and a sweet smile. At San
Jose the parlor will have a string band and
j give concerts and a dance at headquar
ters, having secured a iarge hall.
The preparations for the night parade
BATTLE OF MANILA
AT CENTRAL PARK
REPRODUCTION OF SCENES OF
THE LATE WAR.
Pyrotechnics and Special Features
Will Unite the Parts of This
Spectacular Display.
The (spectacular pyrotechnic production
of the "Battle of Manila" at Centra! I 'ark
promises to be one of the great attrac
tions in the line of entertainments In the
very near future. Neither money nor
pains have been spared to present the sev
eral principal acts of the drama of the
recent war with Spain in a startling but
realistic manner.
The opening scene will show the har
bor of Havana. On the shore the in
habitants are presented as attending a
fete given by Governor General Blanco
when the battleship Maine, Its dirks
crowded with oflli its. marines and sailors,
steams proudly In and salutes the fortu.
A launch is lowered and Captain Slgsbee
Is curried to the shore, where he is wel
comed by the Governor General, who
causes a ballet, "The Birth of the Stars
and Strip's." to be danced by 2W young
ladles attired In the American national
colors. The ballot of the .bullfighters will
also be executed. In this scene the
famous Cuban premiere. Senorita Evange
line Ztqurina, will perform characteristic
national dances. The. destruction of the
Maine concludes the tirst scene. This
feature will be grand and realistic.
Jn thirty seconds the scene is complete
ly changed to the interior of Fort i "ax-he.
where a tribe of Philippine Islanders . 'i
form their fantastic and religious rite,
"The Devil Dance." The American :l<>-t
appears, the bombardment ol Manila he
gins and the entertainment ends wi'.h tlu:
destruction of the Spanish squadron by
Dewey.
in tills city on thp Sth nf September have
not yt-t been completed, but it is asserted
that it will excel that of the previous
year. Daniel A. Ryan of Pacific Parlor ;
win lit- thi' marshal on that occasion.
The joint committee has arranged for
a number of tnUns to convey to Ban
Jose, from this city and from Oakland, all
the members and their friends and many
strangers, who. it Is expected, will tak«
advantage of the $1 R> rat.- that has been
fixed fur a three days' excursion. The
tickets will be good from the night of the
Bth until the 11th inclusive.
Dr. W. A. Gosfon. who will be the
grand marshal of the San Jose parade.
Is a member o.f Observatory Parlor. He
speaks In terms of praise of the work
that is being done by the members of
his parlor and those of San .Tone and Palo
Alto parlors In arranging for the big
event. He says that It will surpass the
celebration held there a few years since,
and that not only are the Native Sons
and the Native Daughters, but all classes,
are Interesting themselves in having it
said in the future that the San Joseans
outdid themselves, In their efforts to
please.
But a small portion of the day will be
taken up in the parade on the 9th, as it
is not the desire of the grand marshal
to make the participants take a long
tramp. The committee has arranged for
the grand clambake at the Agricuturai
Park on the 10th, and for the bullshead
breakfast at Alum Rock. In the interims
there will be an opportunity for the sev
eral parlors that are to have headquar
ters to receive their friends and have In
dependent celebrations. The streets
along the line of march will be lavishly
decorated.
There was a large attendance of dele
gates to the joint 9th of September cele
bration committee meeting In Native
Sons' Hall last night.
The transportation committee gave nn
account of what arrangements had been
made with the railroad company for spe
cial trains on the Bth of September and
subsequently.
Delegate Lees made the wonderful an-
nouncement that one of the leading hotels
In San Jose, instead of Increasing its
rates, had given notice that It had re
duced its rates 50 cents.
A proposition to throw the responslbll
lt\ of appointing ticket sellers on the
transportation committee was defeated ,
and the treasurer will name the ticket
sellers.
Grand Marshal Gaston mode an appeal
to the San Francisco parlors for music,
and stated that there had been a change
In regard to the bullshead breakfast and
the clambake. The former will be given
on Saturday Instead of Sunday, and the
latter will be on Sunday. He said the
grp nd ball will be given in the pavilion in
which the rose carnival was held.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
"BLOOD WILL TELL."
The Grandson of a Great Author
In the Famous Charge
Up San Juan Hill.
JACK HAWTHORNE'S LETTER
TO HIS MOTHER.
In th* Field, Tuba, July 6.
Dearest Mother:
I nrrlte to l"t you know tliat I am still alive
nn.l well, t;ioug!i I nm rather surprised to find
myself BO
We had a terrible battle that lasted three
days, and in which we lost 1600 Ktllel and
' vL -jP* <^ss^ --'"'
BATTLE OF RAN JUAN.
wounded. I never expected to come through
the battle alive, much less without a scratch.
At least a dozen men were killed or wounded
imht around me.
The major of our battalion called for two
men to go forward and locate the enemy, so I
and another man called Botts .tumped up and
ran forward to where we could see the Span-
iards on Ihe hill.
It -•■•■■:;■ ■! certain death to get up. the bullets
were flying so thick, but We grot back all right
and reported. Uotta was afterward shot
through the leg:.
1 have lost everything except the clothe*
I have on. Your loving son,
JACK HAWTHORNE.
Company A, 71st New York Volunteers.
But no. Jack Hawthorne had not lost
: his most pteclous possession uf all —
! the heroic blood that in his
veins. Heroic blood it was that prompt-
ed both him and Private Butts at Ihe
same instant to jump up and rush f >r-
(vard with siir)i alacrity in the face <>f
I almost certain death.
Ail the world knows the name of this
young fellow's grandfather. Nathaniel
Hawthorne, author of the "Scarlet Let-
ter" and "The Marble Faun," master-
pieces of English literature, but who
has heard of Botts, the unromantic cog-
nomen of the youngster's equaily bravo
cc-mpanion? What forefathers have
han I'd down to him the blood from
which heroes are made?
HEROISM IS IN THE BLOOD.
"Blood will tell" is an axiom that in
all the ages has never been gainsaid.
i Every man who do.>s a brave, heroic
act carries within his veins a quality of
blood that urges and sustains him. No
matter whether he Inherits it from a
long line of famous ancestors or from
I the Bound a nil healthy constitution of
his Immediate parents, whose only dis-
tinction is honorable toil and a simple,
virtuous life.
It matters little where or how you
obtain it. but it matters all the world
that by some means yon possess good
blood. Good blood is first, last and
always the making of manly men and
womanly women. It Is the source of
all courage, virtue and happiness.
CAN A MAX MAKE HIMSELF A
HERO.'
"A man's first duty," said Henry
Ward Beecher, in a grand sermon on
human development, "is to be a good
animal. " A man may himself begin
the rehabilitation of his physical pow-
ers, laying the foundation of his own
manliness and of an inheritance for
those who come after him more pre-
cious than fine gold and rubies.
Men and women who are sick,
wretched and Incapacitated for their
full share, in the daily, hourly struggle
for existence, ought to carefully deter-
mine whether or not their mental,
moral and physical faculties may be
Improved and advanced surely to a
higher and nobler plane.
WHY I'EOPLE DESPAIR.
In the depth of sickness and wretch-
edness men feel that their days of cour-
age and usefulness are ended, women
feel that they will never rm.-re be equal
to the duties and burdens that come
upon a wife and mother; but too often
this sad conclusion, and the deep and
hopeless despondency that accompanies
it, are entirely erroneous.
It comes because manly mentality
and womanly courage have been sap-
ped and undermined by the subtle, dis-
integratins poteen of physical debility
and mal-nutrition. The spirit ceas«s to
be "willing" because the flesh is weak;
the blood is Impoverished, the nutritive
powers depleted. It is by overcoming
these physical disabilities and restoring
the forces of nutrition to full and com-
plete vitality that Dr. Plerce's wonder-
ful "Golden Medical Discovery" gives
back to men and women their true
birthright of hopefulness, endurance
and heroism.
WHAT TWO SOLDIERS SAY.
"Four months ago I did not think to
be in shape to assist our 'Uncle Samuel'
in case of hostilities," said a Florida
gentleman, A. D. Weller, Esq., of Pen-
sacola, in a letter to Dr. Pierce. 'But
thanks to you I am n<,-w ready for the
'Dons.' Since receiving your diagnosis
of my cnse as stomach trouble and liver
complaint I have taken eight bottles of
Dr. Plerce's (iold^n Medical Discovery,
and must say that I am transformed
from a 'walking shadow' (as my friends
called me) t<« perfect health."
"Thirteen years ago I was wc-unded
by a ball passing through my lung."
says George 11. Belcher, Esq., of Dor-
ton. Pike Tounty, Ky. "I have had a
bad cough ever since, with shortness of
breath, and it was very easy to take
cold; thp slightest change of weather
would cause the cough to be so bad I
would have to sit up in bed all night
"I could not eat nor sleep at times; I
was all run down; I could not work a-
all. A few months ago I began using
Dr. Flerce's Golden Medical Discovery.
I have not used more than two bottles
and now I can eat, sleep and work, and
I feel like a new man. I cannot find
words to sufficiently recommend Dr.
| DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery, or
tell the good it has done me."
THE BASIS OF POWER.
The extraordinary effect of this
great "Discovery" upon the digestive
and nutritive organism, which is the
basis of all physical renewal, ffives it
efficient potency in all those complaints
of both adults and children associated
with debility, emaciation and loss of
stamina. It is the sovereign remedy
above all medicines ever invented for
overcoming severe, chronic, lingering
coughs, throat and bronchial com-
plaints, bleeding from the lun^s and all
kindred ailments, which, if neglected,
or badly treated, lead on to that dread
disease — consumption.
It obliterates poisonous bile-products
and disease-germs from the circulation
and the skin; expels morbid accumula-
tions from the bronchial tubes and
lung cells: gives keen assimilative pow-
er to the digestive Juices and blood-
making gland?; and supplies an abund-
ance of that pure, regenerating, nu-
tritive material which builds up
healthy tissue, muscular flesh and vital
nerve force. It regenerates the blood,
and thereby rejuvenates the man.
WHAT MA: ES NERVE-POWER?
Fur delicate, nervous, broken-down
and emaciated invalids it is a thous-
and times preferable to nauseous emul-
sions, ur delusive stimulants, malt ex-
tracts ;m<l alcoholic "compounds." It
do* a not give a mere temporary stimu-
lus to the nerves. It fe»-ds them: it re-
builds them; it makes rich blood and
transforms it into healthy nerve-fiber.
GREAT SUFFERING.
"My health had been failing for sev-
eral years," writes Mrs. Sophia A.
Slemp. of Sugurgrove. Smyth to.. Va.,
"I had hot flashes and at times a dread-
ful hurting in my back above the loins;
I could not rest at night on account of
hot spells. L,ast spring I began to feel
ho weak I could scarcely do my work,
and in April I broke down completely.
I had indigestion and kidney trouble.
The back of my head and neck would
be so tired I could not rest. The left
side of my face ached, but the pains
and achps yielded under the influence
of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery and 'Pleasant Pellets.' I had also
a severe pain in my left limb. I tried
different liniments but received no re- ]
lief. I could not lie still on account of
the suffering in my body. My limbs ,
and fe^t were cold, although I was in a
perspiration nearly all the time. Some- j
tities I would have to be propped up in
btd all night, and even then could sleep
but little.
"I sent for the doctor and asked if he
could cure me. He said he had never:
failed but a time or two. I took his
treatment about three weeks and was
no better, but worse If anything, so I
decided to try Dr. Pierces Golden Mcd- i
ical Discovery. I bought six bottles i
but I had only to take four bottles of
the 'Golden Medical Discovery' and two
vials of the 'Pleasant Pellets' and I !
was able to do my work again. I have
thus far had no return of the disease. I
feel better this spring than I have felt
for several seasons. I have no hot I
spells like I had for several years. If I j
had taken your treatment sooner, no l
doubt I could have kept that bad spelj
ofT. but I am truly thankful thr>.t T took
your medicine and found a cure. I
shall ever praise the medicine that ;
cured me and will recommend it to all I
suffering as I was."
DANGERS AVOIDED.
This matchless "Golden Medical Dis-
covery" is absolutely free from alcohol.
It Is totally unlike the numerous "sars-
aparilias." "tonics," "compound" "malt-
extracts." and so-called blood purifiers
which contain so large a per-
centage of alcohol that their persistent
use is almost certain to awaken a mor-
bid craving for stimulants. The "Gold-
en Medical Discovery" is a temperance
medicine, pure and simple. Tt may be
used with perfect confidence in a tem-
perance family. Thereby all dancer of
contracting the alcohol habit is avoided
The unparalleled reputation of Dr
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery has
led some unscrupulous dealers to take
advantage of the almost universal de-
mand by attempting to substitute soni-
other article in which they have a
greater interest. Any druggist who
evinces his contempt for your ludgment
by trying to foist upon you something
different from what you "ask for on the
plea that his substitute is "just as
good" should be met by a fiat" refusal
to discuss the question. Show him that
you have a mind of your own.
The splendid Invalids' Hotel and Sur-
gical Institute at Buffalo N V of
which Dr. Pierce Is the chi^f consulting
physician, is the model medical institu-
tion of America: Dr. Pierces staff of
nearly a score of associate specmUdta
includes the moßt eminent experts In
every field of practice.
NO CHARGE.
No charge Is made for consultation by
mail, and any one writing to Dr. Pierce
will receive a cordial, earnest, prompt
reply, containing the best professional
advice obtainable in America without
one cent of cost, and the treatment sug-
gested will be always the most simple,
sensible and Inexpensive.
AX UNMATCHED EXPERIENCE.
It should be remembered that Dr.
Pie rep in his thirty years of practical
experience at the head of his great in-
stitution, hns successfully treated more
cases of severe, obstinate, chronic dis-
eases than the average local prac-
titioner ever heard of. His great 1000-
page illustrated "Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser" has had a greater sale
than any other medical book ever pub-
lished in any language. Three-quar-
ters of a million copies were sold at
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
$1 50 ench. A free edition, paper bound,
has been issued, and one copy will be
sent to any one family for the . mere
cost of mailing. 21 one-cent stamps,
sent to Dr. R. V. Pierce Buffalo,
V V or. for 31 stamps a heavier, hand-
some,' cloth-bound copy will be sent.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
THURINGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
f\F ERFURT. GERMANY. ON THE
" 3lFt day of December, A. D. 1897. and for
the rear ending on that day, as made to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company J396.180 00
Cash In company's office 91 01
Cash in banks •• 32,000 00
Interest due and accrued on all ,
stocks and loans • - z. 166 67
Premiums in due course of collection 109,003 87
Total assets •••••• $539,44155
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense «';,? 55
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6,134 90
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $304,693 43;
reinsurance 50 per cent 152,346 .1
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $95,252 04;
reinsurance pro rnta 75.203 47
All other demands against the com-
pany - 28,711 55
Total liabilities $285,986 IS
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire -
premiums 1366,030 93
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 10,000 00
Total Income $376,030 92
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $1,304 74, losses of previous
years) $107,460 71
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 105.423 25
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 21,310 70
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 6.710 13
All other payments and expenditures 107,747 "4
Total expenditures $348.637 36
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year 1129,748 53 ',
Risks and Premiums. ,'Fire ßisks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks f
written during the year $44,519,941 $597,709 70
Net amount of risks ex- 1
pired during the year.. 19,590,070 237,446 12
Net amount in force De-!
cember 31. 1697 1 30,304,615 399,975 47
F. G. VO9S, United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th
day of January. 1898. MARK A. FOOTE.
Commissioner for California In Chicago.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
204-208 SANSOME STREET,
- ; SAX FRANCISCO.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Frankfort Marine and Accident
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF FRANKFORT. GERMANY. ON THE
31st day of December, A. P. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
GlO and (ill of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $312,500 00
ASSETS. ■ .
Real estate owned by company...... $42.500 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 644,575 00
CaEh market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 450,959 43
Cash In company's office 12,900 94
Cash In lianks 182,317 25
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 1.003 30
Premiums In due course of collection 63,233 54
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already. paid 255.532 03
Total assets $1,653,32149
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $151,346 50
Gross premiums on marine and in- .
land navigation risks, reinsurance
100 per cent 22.734 74
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent 17.013 88
Liability under other departments... 299.632 SO
Pension fund 11,458 48
All other demands against the com-
pany 424,443 82
Total demands against the cora- $326,629 92
y 424.443 82
)tal liabilities $926,629 92
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums $417,015 S3
Received for ' premiums in other
branches 712,82198
Received for Interest and dividends
. on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 31,628 21
Received from all other sources 142,042 12°
Total Income $1,303,503 63
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses.. $331,101 54
Dividends to stockholders 62,500 00
Paid or allow.-d for commission or
brokerage 151,828 f7
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.; 48,549 84
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 5.599 44
All other payments and expenditures 546,933 OS
Paid for losses in branches other
than marine 156.995 98
Total expenditures $1,303.508 53
F. OERSONi President.
P. DUMCKE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th
day of April. M9B. FRANK H. MASON.
I'nlted States Consul General.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
204-208 SANSOIV'E STREET,.
SAN FRANCISCO.
ADMINISTRATOR'S AUCTION !
MONDAY., .AUGUST, 15, IS9S.
At 12 O'clock Noon, at Salesroom.
JOSEPH P. HALE ESTATE.
314-16-IS-20-22 and 24 Oak street. 6 2-story and
basement houses of 8 rooms, bath, bay win-
dows brick foundation, stone walks, etc., each:
rents $1SO: 137:6x120; as a whole or In 3 equal
subdivlsiors«. f
NOTE— No. 314 Is to be sold subject to th«
homestead right of the widow for life, . _
SALT MARSH AND TIDE LANDS.
Lots 6 and 15, block 542.
Block 749.
Lots 1 to 8 and 21 to 24, block 735.
Lots 9 and 20. block subject to assessment
; 6 and 15, block £.42.
k 749.
i 1 to 8 and 21 to 24. block 735.
i 9 and 20, block SS, subject to assessment
for paving Kentucky Etreet, amounting to $223.
Lots ■) to 20. block 746.
CATHERINE WALLACE ESTATE.
1309-9H Lynn street, between Geary and Post
streets; 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms, bath; large lot.
THESE PROPERTIES MUST BE SOLD TO
CLOSE THE RESPECTIVE ESTATES. ,
Further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St., San Fran< leco. •
I)R.MCNULTY. D
THIS WELL-KNOWN AUD RELIABLE OLD
Specialist cures Private .Nervous, Blood and asm
Dl*enso3 of Men only. Book on Private Diseases
and Weak n eases of : Men. free. Over 20 yearn 1 experi-
ence. Patlenticu red At Home. Terms reason* WJ.
HotiniBto3dullr;6:."!OtoS:aoev'g3. Sundays. 10 to 12.
Cousultution sacredly private. Call, or address ;-~* ; *,j
Dr. F.JIOBCOE McJf CI/TY,'
26|£ Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.THE SAND CRABS
DEFEAT SAN JOSES
Not a Run Do They Per
rrvit-Those Florists.
AREUAMES' GREAT STOP
BAIiSZ WAS INVINCIBLE FROM
: . THE START.
Tlie' Game Was Horribly One-Sided,
Y«t the Sand Crabs' Work
. Was Extremely luter
; v. esting.
By Joe Corbett.
; ' ' .Yesterday at Recreation Park there
. J/VFaa a ur^al game of ball, or more prop
.': oriy'. spoakinp, a game of baseball in
..-.which the San Joses met . defeat at the
/. hands 'of the Sand Crabs, the score
•■■■ stimdlng at-ths end of the ninth inning
■ Without arriving Immediately at the
it may be easily conjectured that
according to (he score was
:. yet the score
not- tell ry thing.
' Mr. UaUz. w !.■ Itcher's
./territory, was at his best, and when
• t&tejvjrentleman comes forth in such a
.". light, he, is invincible; and this statement
;. will, stand uncontradicted, even after
-' i-h«. GJlt Kdg-es win the pennant. Yester
, day'' was the. ret time this season that I
V-.Tiavc," Hiifin Baisz pitch as he has In days
•...how, -passed. Speed, curves and slow
.'. "/balls -were at his command at every in
; |s.tnT'i&e, and the way he used the-m in de
..." CPiyUig his opponents may be best meas
'.••.ure.cl hy the fact that they did not get
• * man across the plate luring the entire
•" jtfame.'
>'.'. .115s- superb work, then, was the main
\ rpapqn "why the Florists were defeated;
• JF«rj:fc3si support in every department was,
- I; might say, perfect, and in a few cases
•". wonderfuL Arellanes, at second base, is
:..- : th.>..Yml-y player in the team credited with
'.- «~r.r..>r.-vnnd while this chap did make two
.-■."eirc-h" .'mistakes, they were of no benefit
! ~U). the Florists, and also pass into obliv
irrpr-'With every one present, as his other
' u-K.tnnp.ts were really m-.d truly marvel
• • <>utf, .'. > SaUJfe
;• '"On-; two distinct occasions this fellow
: - frht-e.ccep'ted balls that had apparently
.-. Kp.ne:- safe, and by amazing dexterity re
.■•:t;<-.t-.il; the runners at tirst.
■= • • '.Qlie of his plays almost passes compre
:. h:e.nsior.. A ball was hit on 'a sharp line
. .over -second base, and he was at least
: . twenty :eet from the base at the time.
.'. \V£th':a vivacity beyond my power to ex
:"press this chap moved in the dire.-: of
■". that . sphere, and with one hand out
" ttn_'t<:hed as far as nature would permit,
jhejcaptured it on the first bound and
■■"-. v.irt-. : 'Ut a moment's relaxation tossed it
"•. tiVt-h.' initial bag Just In time to nip the
•; runrf.er: The play, ..si said before, was
' a rnaivelous one, and was much a.p
_■• plauded.
Air. " .inning or so later a play took
place- in which this same chap was the
;. central figure. A ball was hit over second
liase nnd with the sunit display of vivac
-. ity he was in front of it. this tin with
-..". Ppu> hands, and without hesitation, a
thitijr generally conspicuous in such a
play, he had the ball to first in time to
.. "retire the player.
■"■ .."Arrelanes 1 two errors can hardly be eon- I
." suit-red in the face of such wonderful!
/.p.'jK'ing, especially so when they were of •
insignificant -consequence. ' ..'••■. <
.-. -. Such", is the kind of support Balsz re
. ceived at second. base, and throughout the
■•■ tntjr*- team it wa.< perfect; and while not
-.of the same order as characterized the
-..wo-rk&r Arrellan<^, it was beyond criti- ■
cism, .and I myself consider that extraor
-. df ?» ar fc , ,
! - " V',' si Hf 8 such ability in the
vfS-ld,. the. -hand Crabs" acted like perfect !
•demons at the bat. Nothing that the great i
. Itoerg tossed up was unhittable. It was
.-.l.a.'ii.. bang from start to finish, and while
.. .rh.<- <o<>r t . display* but thirteen base hits
:-. m:s«io off his delivery, there were nunier
"Wl' r i r<l dl il^«J islbW > et captured.
.- .VSrily, I say. the "Sand Crabs" are ex
" jre.mely .vicious, and with it are quite '■
• .coipptfterit. 1 hey played a game vester
•: <i;iyl sincerely believe to be incontestably
-; lh.e.-hest yet seen at Recreation Park this
. *eusi. >:v,.ry man of them was In the i
- .
■ Jinj-Visltue in the plays were exceedingly
\ invLg<.,ra.ting. b J
.-• ■ NVhit a plea-sure It la to see a team
". move about with alacrity, run in and out
-. from, bat-to field and accomplish all those
; ...otf»*r iUtle maneuvers so seldom seen
.during play in the Pacific Coast league!
... .-And: What made this work so appr^ci
-.-iittM.was the miserable exhibition put up
; l>y. th.-jr "opponents. It would be unjust
.:- to- -criticize them too severely, as they
ivhaye played some mighty good ball this
•■■... ;ind have time and again asserted
• cthfTr; right as ix>ssible winners of the
.•vl.'t-anarit. • But what amazes tne is the fact
-.J.>:"at .thv-y. moved around and played not
• I1kfl : a-.ieam having an "off day"— an ex
lyesSi&a-cufrent among ball players when
•-.T-hi:ig«-.go to the contrary— but more in ac
:"• t-ynl itnve ■ with the characteristics of an
• • inferior -amateur team. From the great
..Jbej-'e to the letter-writing McGucken did
:-;ih\ey ."e-vince ■hat crazy, iazy, intractable
jStyl-- ' . play. 1
:"."To":-be ungenerous, the game they
.. liWyci-. was the severest insult yet cast
• -.up(-;n..th<! . •at national pastime. They
■ -njot only made eleven errors, which in It- !
•>.eff :> Should cause the emergency board !
• ta/tQite immediate action, but they batted
.;'-anfl .-.ran"' bases as. a team from the Old
• .J/a'<lii ; H'""Home might do.
■- '. \\~fM .throws of a horrifying nature were
.'.s<V pl-entiful that at one stage of the game
' J'"th^iight the. spectators were in danger.
. ;«»f- .bVjiig • struck fatally; but Providence
B"'-fs" evf;r. kind to a baseball audience.
. .■.•U="i.:thou"t.gnlng into details, the Florists
. 'harf ib't'tt-er get to work and practice.
"'. "Awj;.-" Relaxation from this important ele
•:m""i-ifr'.)f bss'eball Is always attended with
•.dterhai .-uncertainties, and a team never
'Qjn.es so great that it can dispense
■w.ith-it.- T!;'- Florists have an enviable
".".'-tandjngr'in the league race, and to main
"tain-it-- they j will have to continually hus
. tie;. as tHe Sand Crabs' playing no doubt
• impj."f's.sf--d "them.
" : ifcVr'g-. --b-y no means pitched his usual
.-.. •:.:•;-.-■". His famous cunning and decep
tive. -curves- were lacking both in speo.l
i^Jind- : sharpness; and this gentleman, to
i'-holdihis presenr reputation in the baseball
.•community, had better coax himself out
■'.' <} i -.that" trainee he lingered through yes
" ferdajr. .-The attendance at the game was
..very la.rge" for Saturday, and while the
• -audience witnessed a very poor contest;
the., work/ "of the Sand Crabs, particularly
-..that'.of .Balsz and Arretanes, ' paci
.•itlK-m.." ' '
' ■ Tne •misplays of the game I will take I
.up . ; :••'.!.!.. and I will over again pay
.that game was won by the Sand
("rubs ..thTough superior playing in every
. -.depar-tmen-t of the gtimo, and before I for
. get ' 11 ■ the throwing f.f Catcher Daab<
.l.is. .was , beautiful; in fact, it was sub
•.llniely-beautiful. The. score follows:
•■•.•-•-.■. .' san .ft >s;;. • .*
■-.'I; '•"•:' i- '. " All. H. IJU. SV.rO. A. E.
.Hanley, l. b ;:::;:;:::5 I I I i $ o
• Harilon. • jb: "... n j o 9 o 1
■McGucJcin; .c. f.'... ; ..«' 0 i 0 10 0
■ . '!>••:■...... 4010543
••3'oley, r:.t.. — 4 0 1 1 2 0 0
": ■a.yiU'y, 3 : b 4 0 j 0 0 1 2
• ]'.r..i:k!i'!T, .a. s 4 0 3 0 13 -A
:.-Kent,-.c:- ; 4 0 0 0 6 5 1
: -lburg,;p.v. : " .2_ 0■ 0 0 10 0
• . .Totais '....-'. 34 '" 8 "1 27 13 It
.-. '•'•"■'".■•.• ■ saxta ciu t z.
■• '.':■■■■■'■. •■ / Aii. h. l',H. sb. po. A. E.
:' Intro, ■'-■ f '■ . . 2.1 01 00
■..-.wjlnAnui, *• ■«•• 6 i 0 0 2 A 0
" DevM aux.- 3; b 4 3J3 J 3 0 2 0 0
•-Strkb;"- I.* 5. .2 -' .0 3 00
. trues, 2 b., 4 1 0 12 5 2
• 'FJ«H?fVal(l; 1 "b...... 4 2 1 0 10 0 0
••JiauijenlMs, c.\. ...... 5 1 2 0 v 3 .0
."•;Mc«rath ; -r.. f .'....... 4 0 '-; 0 2 0 0
'.-lialw. P.. ..-•-• ..'.--.jS _« 2. .1. _o 2 °
■-'."• To"la?» :.:,: ■»- 12 » 1 27 14 "i
' ■' :•. • • -RUNS BY IXXI.N'
.'"San JoW ..:/.; ■■■■ 0 0.0 00 0 0 0,0—0"
■■• •■|W*iit« ! ..; 1 I- 1 1 0 0 1 L *-:!
•-b'anta-.Cw: .......... ; ,4 010f| 0 0.1-12
u\"i3a«} hits-- :..,...-»..: 2 01 1 ■• 1 2 0 1-13
."- Runs responsible tor— Jsaltz, - Iburg 2. Two
'- >,ace him— RrockhoJT . 1, l>evereaux 1,, Strieb l.
"Pocrlflc* hita— Williams, M^Grath., Base on
". errors-rSanla . Cruz S. San Jofc 2. Bases on
tiallß-^ganta .Cruz 2, : San Jcse.l. Left on bases
: * -rHanta Cruz 8. San Joee R. Struck, out—By
■ limit*, by Iliur* 5. . Hit by pitcher—Dever
•faw Doilble ' ;i':iv«— lt.urr to Kent to Kgan.
.Time., of same- 1:30.- • Umpire— Sweeney; ••
-
TWO STREET CARS CRASH TOGETHER
Serious Accident Narrowly Averted at the Junction of Geary j
and Market Streets. j
A SERIOUS street-car accident.^was
narrowly', avert eel yesterday rafter
noon at the junction of Geary and
Market streets. Seemingly through
carelessness -car 363 of the Geary-Street
line crashed into a Kearny-street car,
wrecking the rear end and disabling
one of the passengers. Both cars- were
crowded at the time, and ihe escape of
the passengers from being seriously
Injured seems miraculous.
The accident happened whenvKparny
street was lined with the usual Satur
day afternoon crowd.
According to Officer George Brown,
who witnessed the accident; the north
bound Kearny-street car had crossed
Market street and when in front of
SWUNG OF
THE ARIZONA
POSTPONED
Gen. Merriam Waiting
for Instructions.
TROOPS ARE DISAPPOINTED
TO SEND SOLDIERS MIGHT BE A
HOSTILE ACT.
It May Be Necessary to Consult the
French Embassador, Who Is
the Representative of
Spain.
The troops designated to go to Manila
on the transport Arizona will not embark
to-day, as Major General Merriam is un
der the impression that it would be a vio
lation of the armis: rward any
more troops to the Philippines. It is a
: war that an armistice carries with
ition of hostilities, and to send
the troops on the Arizona at this lime
might be construed as an act- of hostility.
To settle all doubt upon the question and
to be on the safe side. Genera! Merriam
rday morning telegraphed to the
War Department for information and in
structions, but up to 11:30 last night he
had received no reply. At that hour he
said positively that the troops would not
embark until after he hears from Wash-
ington:
At 3-30 o'clock yesterday afternoon he
sent instructions to Brigadier General
Miller at Camp Merritt to suspend all
preparations for embarkation until fur
ther orders. This news caused great dis
appointment among the troops. whim
had begun packing up and getting every
thing in readiness to go on board the
steamer this afternoon.
eral Merriam expressed the opinion
evening that the question which
arises from his telegram of inquiry is
being carefuly considered by the authori
ties at Washington, and that a c
ence with the French Embassador,
Spain's representative, and even a cable
to Madrid run;. I ■ry before a de
cision can i c reached. Meantime the
troops will have to possem impatience.
It may be possible that General Merriam
will receive an answer to his telegram to
day.
The Eighth in Mimic Warfare.
CAMI' HARILETT, Sather Tract, Aup.
- Interesting event was wi;i:
by a considerable number of spectators
on the hills back of Supervisor Talcott's
ranch to-day in the way of a sham bat
tle by three- battalions of the Eight Reg
No danger in Schilling's
Best tea.
It is delicious besides.
s
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
• . .'. * ••■ -'::■:- ■■■■:'■ ■:-■ ■■ ■- v.
Lcttta's fountain it- was struck by the
Geary-street car. Several women were
occupying seats on the rear end of the
car when .the crash .came. One of them
was .seen to limp from the car, pre
sumabiy Having been injured. She re
fused to give her -name,, but threat
ened to "get even" with the company.
An old man named Reynolds was sit
ting /with his wife when the collision ■:
occurred. Fortunately , they escaped !
uninjured. The forward part of the.-;
Gfarystreet car was considerably;,
damaged by the collision. ■•"""" • v -.->■'
The greatest excitement prevailed
when the ears came together. A num
ber of the passengers jumped from
their seats, and rushed pell-mell from
the cars.. A young- woman, in her anx
ictv Tv seek a nl^rp of safety. fell
iment. Major Forbes had command of i
the Third Battalion, stationed on one of
the hills: and Meutejiant Colonel Carring- i
ton and Major Whitton commanded the
First and Second Battalions, stationed at
IS6 Of the bill. The latter made the j
assault and the field operations were ex
cellent. The battalions went through
many battle , xercises and used such man
euvers as ingenuity suggest' d. The affair
was very exciting, though no ammunition I
wae used.
TO CLEAN THE CAMP SITE, j
Contract Awarded for Putting
the Grounds in Good Sani
tnry Condition.
Tho cnnir.vt for the restoration of the '.
r. ISfan/ord and Jordan estates, In- |
eluded in the Bite of ('amp Morritt, has
warded, to Wjarren & Malley. tiie
lowest bidders. The work is to be done
under the supervision of the engineer of
rocker estate and the chief quarter- j
master of the department. Tho arr
mentfl mad.' by the United States officials
Have received the approval and cheerful
acceptance of the property-owners.
Everything will be thoroughly rleansed; ;
■■ mndfl will In every way be put in
a first-class .sanitary condition. As the
troops move the work will proceed to
completion, the contractors agreeing to
finish the job In lifty days from Au
12.
The restoration to pure sanitary condf- ,
tions has b»>en carefully include. 4 ! in the :
contract, and it Is believed that with the
i areful supervision that will be exercised
by the Government officials the peop
th< district will have no reason to com- i
plain.
Ready to Do Their Duty.
The officers and men of the Second Bat
talion of the Washington Volunteer In
fantry deny that a petition is being cir
: culated among the members of their regi
ment to be .-tut to t!;. Secretary of War
asking that they either be sent to the
Philippines or mustered out of tho ser-
Vice. The men, in making a dental, state
they have been keenly disappointed in
being di tailed for garrison duty instead
of being sent to the front, but no matter
what Is their lot tney declare they will
do their duty as American soldiers and as
Amer'.'.-an citizens.
— . ♦
War Incidents.
Troop A. Utah f'avalry. Captain Joseph
E. Came commanding, left the Presidio
yesterday morning for the Yosemite Vol
ley and Sequoia lark. Ft was loudly
cheered by the Nevada Cavalry and the.
men of Battery C, Nevada Light Artil
lery. First Lieutenant Benner X. Smith,
who was to have had command of the de
tachment detailed for duty in Sequoia
lark. Is sick with a slight fever, and was
unable to X" with his troop, ids detach
ment will be commanded by Second Lieu
• Kimbail. The troop accom
■ \ by First Lieutenant Jam?s &. No
lan. Fourth Cavalry.
\ leave of absence has been granted to
Second Lieutenant Staoy, Battery ('., Utch
Light Artillery.
In the case of Private Eugene D. Gib
erson. Battery G, Third Artillery, guilty
of desertion, and sentenced to forfeii all
pay for el phi months and to perform
hard labor for that time. General Mer
riam. in view of extenuating circur.i
es attending the absence of the ac
; from his battery and of bis voluas
tary return to the same in time of war. as
well as his good record in all other re
while In the service, remitted the
nee and ordered the private to return
to his buttery.
headlong in the street, and it was first
feared that she was seriously Injured.
She. however, regained her feet with
out assistance, and blushingly left the
seem .
According to several eye-witnesses of
the accident the Rrlpman of the Geary
street car was to blame, fie was evi
dently anxious to reach the turntable
and paid no attention to the north
bound Kearny*atna@t cur. The motor
man who was in obarge ot the, "latter
repeatedly rang ihe bell; so it Is
claimed, but desplr,.- the warning the
Kripman in charge of the Geary-street
car made an attempt to cross In front
of the electric car. Realizing that col
lision was inevitable, the gripman ap
plied the brakes, but too. late to pre
vent the accident.
The funeral of Private -Percy B. Whit
taker, Company B, Firet Tennessee, who
died of meningitis, took place yesterday
afternoon at the Presidio* The b-,nd and
the company of which the soldier was
a member escorted the body to the ceme
tery. Colonel Smith also attended the
funeral. • -
A banquet' was tendered the Eighteenth
and Twenty-third Regiment battalions
Friday evening by liter E. Cook, who
has taken an unusual Interest in the boys
in blue at Camp Merritt. Company X.
of the Twenty-third, presented Mr. Cook,
as a token of esteem, a gold cigar case;.
Company A of the same regiment, a gold
medal, Inscribed upon which was a model
of the new Krag-Jorgensen rifle; . Com
pany I, a gold shell with a silver bullet;
battalion of the Eighteenth, a gold cross
guns with the number of the. regiment in
scribed upon.it. The Uanftuet was attend
ed by eighty-six officers and* privates 6f
both regiments. ..' '7.: ;V ■-„
In consequence of • instructions from
Washington, following- the peace condi
tions, some contracts now existing will be
suspended in their fuiillment by the quar
termaster's department. ; •  ■..
The sewerage problem at Camp Miller
on the Presidio Reservation: -.has 'been
solved, and the contractors lire putting in
vitrified pipes sufficiently large to carry
away refuse into the. main sewer. Proper
connections will be" made' to the camps
of the various regiments.
The depot quartermaster has Issued ad
vertisements calling for proposals to carry
fofage to supplement .that which- is being
transported by the Tacoraa to Manila, it
is the Intention to furnish a six-months'
supply to the Government"-, horses' and
mules that have been sent to the Philip
pines. ■ ' '• ' • ■' - •■;''•» J
- Lieutenant- Colonel -Wagner, . Fourth
Cavalry, has. been assigned to-' duty with
the headquarters of his. regiment at the
Presidio. _________________ • , ,
■ ' = • •.
FRISCOS VS. OAKLAND.
They Are Down to Play at
Recreation Park.
The reorganized Frfscofl will compete
with the Oaklands to-day at Recreation
Park. A good tame will no doubt ensue,
and If not the colonel will have one of his
semi-dreams and Raver will look pleasant
just to amuse the crowd. The colonel will
also direct the buses as usual, but has
refused to chase foul flies over the fenc< .
The line-up is as follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Oakland.
Shea Pitcher Russell
H..inmond Catcher Sullivan
Murphy First base Bliss
Dunleavy Second base O'Nell
Smith Third base Long
Krug Short stop Schmeer
Heardy Left field Moskirna n
Monahan Center field Donovan
Derham Right field Ha rdie
Soldiers to Play Ball.
They have arranged a game of baseball
to be played at Golden Gate Park
grounds this afternoon, and as much
rivalry exists between the teams a hot
j game is expected.
Mrs. Stanford's Hospitality.
A few days since seventeen ladies, mem- \
bers of the Mrs. Leland Stanford Division [
No. 106, Grand International Auxiliary to
the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engin- :
oers. were the guests of Mrs. Stanford at !
hi-r home in Palo Alto. The ladles, wives
of engineers, were most hospitably re- |
i ceived and entertained for an hour, after j
which they were escorted to the museum, i
i the university buildings, and the famous ■
i Palo Alto stables. During his lifetime
: Mr. Stanford was a warm friend of the
engineers and that friendship has been
maintained and perpetuated by Mrs. Stan
ford'a kindness to the auxiliary of the j
i brotherhood.
IMPRISONED
VOLUNTARILY
IN HER ROOM
Mrs. Rogers Avoids
Payment of Rent.
LATHAM MAN" ON HER JAIL
INGRESS AND EGRESS FOR FOOD
THROUGH A WINDOW.
Blockaded Her Own Door so That the
Owner of the House Cannot
Regain Possession in Her
Absence.
Imprisoned In a roooi^ of the upper
story of the Milton S. Latham mansion
on Folsom street, near Second, Is Mrs.
Rogers, her little baby and her sister.
Ingress and egress to her room by way
of the ordinary mode of entrance is barred.
The occupants of the room enter and
leave by a window leading out on to the
roof and thence by the employment of
some acrobatic skill to an L in the house
by means of a broken pane of glass.
Behind all this mystery is the simple
story (if delinquency In rent and a deter
mination, apparently, not to pay and not
to give an opportunity for • seizure of
th- apartment. Mrs. Rogers rented the
room in the historical old house, which
In the palmy days of Rincon Hill was the
scene of some of the most brilliant sociaJ
gath.-riiiKs in the history of this city.
She was accompanied by her mother,
Mrs. Can*, her «isi»T. Miss Flon-ncr- Garr,
and by- her babe in arms. Her rent was
not forthcoming at th.' proper time, until
now there Is a large arrearage. The
landlady. Mrs. Erouillard, was more than
lenient, but her patience was at last ex
hausted She tried to collect the amount
due her, but did not succeed. Recently
she found that the door was fastened
from the inside.
The Imprisonment i* voluntary.
Mrs. Brouiilard has sent carpenters and
locksmiths to unfasten the door, but to
■no purpose. They Could not get at the
Seat of tin- trouble inside the room.
The case of Mrs. Rogers became the
talk of the neighborhood. Her visits over
th>- roof at all hours of the day and night
excited the curiosity of an who could see
her strange actions. The mystery deep
ened until thß iast week it lias assumed
another phase. Mrs. Rogers has com
plained to. the Society for the Prevention
hi Cruelty to Children and to Assistant
Prosecuting Attorney Frank Drury of
Police Court 2.
To the representatives of the society
her plaint was that her Landlady was
cruel in compelling the children to go
over the roof and through the broken
window to reach the "stairway leading out
of the house. To Mr. Drury she com
plained of disturbing noises, which inter
fere with her enjoyment of life.
In neither ease were the authorities
able to find foundation fur the charges.
The persons residing in the house have
taken .sitjes with Mrs. Brouillard as
against her. eccentric tenant. She is pro
nounced generous to a fault in her deal
ings with delinquents who aro such
through adversity. The matter has
ed such a point that its speedy ad
justment Is expected by those interested.
MRS. KLUGE TALKS
OF ANOTHER WILL
Mrs. Kluge is confident that Adolph
Sutro left a will later than the one re
cently published and accepted as his last
testament. T
, The so-called widow of the millionaire
Claims that the deceased told her that he
had deeded to the city the property and
magnificent grounds known as Sutro'
Heights, as well as his valuable library,
and she is positive that a will is in exist
ence In which the same is recorded, as
well as a handsome provision made for
her two-children — Sutro's children.
If no 'such will is forthcoming the lady
does not, hesitate to aav that she will
contest;'the testament submitted and will
make a vigorous battle for the rights of
the children who are entitled to an off
spring's, share of the vast estate left by
the dead millionaire.
If it comes to a legal battle Mrs. Kluge
will make her rights subordinate to those
of her children.
Mrs. Kluge is in deep mourning for the
man whom her children called father. At
the. time of his death she was in Sonoma !
County. '■■ She remained there with her |
Children, never coming forward to de
mand her. rights as the widow nor the
privileges to which her children were
justly entitled. Sutro's family evidently
expected that the lady would make some
such claims, and therefore it is said they
• decided to surround the obsequies with
privacy. Mrs. Kluge returned to her
| home, 1919 Vallejo street, on Friday, and
at once commenced preparations to es
tablish her rights.
Of the many things the Sutro family are
reported to have said of the woman who
claims to be the widow of their father
and the mother of their half-brother
and half-sister, none rankles so deeply
as the epithet "adventuress," and the
story that they claimed they knew noth
ing about her existence, nor of the chil
dren Adolph and Adolphina.
According to Mrs. Kluge, she met Sutro
about a dozen years ago in his family,
where she occupied the position of seam
stress, and was employed in that capac
ity for several months. After that her
visits to the Heights were many and j
frequent. She went there to see the mas- [
ter and the children to see their father.
The members of Mr. Sutro's family
also knew, so Mrs. Kluge asserts, that
he was in the habit of dining and lunch
ing at her home. During the time that
he was Mayor he constantly had lunch
eon at Mrs. Kluge's, never missing a day
unless it was that he was detained by
urgent business. The lady also alleges
that it was at Sutro's request that the
children were baptized Adolph and Adol
phina Sutro, and that there are thou
sands of witnesses to prove his love and
regard. for them and his promise to pro
vide for them.
": M*. Kluge has no desire for further
publicity nor trouble with the family of
the man she mourns. She hopes : some
settlement agreeable to all may be reach
ed. If not, the fight to establish her
rights will be carried to the bitter end.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T
CITYOF A PARIS J
DRY GOODS COMPANY. <•>
COLORED DRESS GOODS j
: FALL 1898. .-- .-.. I
New Opening of New Goods! J
®
. We have just received 20 cases of the very latest Weaves, <?
which we will place on sale on MONDAY, August 15th, among |
which are the following : I
45 pieces 54-inch SATIN "VENETIAN" CLOTH, a beautiful fabric, <j)
manufactured expressly for the City of Paris. 22 NEW SHADES. X
40 pieces 56-inch CAMEL'S HAIR CHEVIOTS in new and serviceable ef- T
feet. A large variety of colorings/ . . V
22 pieces 58-inch DOUBLE FACED MATERIALS for GOLF CAPES; ®
' plain surface, Scotch plaid back, very swell. A
25 handsome DRESS PATTERNS in illuminated MATELASSE EF- T
FECTS; very rich and exclusive. ; ; o-iv;.;-!*' ';- y
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. 1
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets. • $
... .-•.-:' -' l •'*- ■'-■::• : .. UNION SQUARE. . ' 9
ES , FINE TfIILORIHG
IJP£ PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
PPPL ■ WORKMANSHIP, at
25 P er cent Less than Other
P mfwi Tailors Charge, Go to
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 P er cen * Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIiH
/ mWi a" wool suits to* fO CQr;
I Wl Order from 4>IZ l 4>oo
■I I Pants from .•.s4to $ | 0
J^v "^^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.
844 and 846 Market St.,
It 10 and 1112 Market St., • - San Francisco.
-— |
STANDARD MIXED
PAI NT!
AT MANUFACTURERS* PRICE.
7£t c Per
1 ; O Gallon
Reduced from $1 2"« per gallon. . -
Color Card Sent Free. ..•;'
.• Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
33 Market St;, S. F.
iiISSPIIPTURE
\ />^i^ We have hundreds of letters
similar to the ■ following now on
' file at our office :
OCCIDENTAL, Sonoma .County, Cal.
.:..•.'. February. 23. 1593.
r>r Pierce &' Son— Gentlemen: I "pish to in-
form you that the Magnetic, Elastic -. Truss
wh™h I pun Iniseu at your Office the 6tK of' last
December Tn MB OF- RUPTURE .WITH-
IN TWO MONTHS. lam over 60 years. of age. ;
There is no mistake about the fact that your
celebrated Truss Will positively CURE -RUP-
TURE a" l * I hereby heartily recommend it to
all ruptured persons. Yours in^ er^ LLINg
fTTIf you don't want to remain ruptured and j
have to wear trusses all your life, you should
call at our office or send 2c in stamps for our
"Pamphlet No. 1." and learn how to get cured.
Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 MARKET ST.,
Opposite Palace Hotel, San "Francisco.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S o«**
ig|L Museum of Anatomy
Pgj«|\ 1051 JU2IET ST. bet. 6th 4 "th, E. F. C*L
jB « B The Largest of Ji3 kind in the World.
lslis>\ DR# JORDAN— Private Diseases. 1
IW^H BL Consultation free. Write for iioo*
WJ I^Phliosophy r 'of 1k Marriage.
a v - ■ mailed rnzz.
df*% ■ ■-'■ ■• . ;V. ■'■'»'- *PTv © '. The peculiar
THE HOME REMEDY i^i
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS if they V
wr^ng. For all these pains, irreguUrities and difficulties no j
remedy on earth C. nn Din Ea«ly»PP»« i bsfb 5f 'fdyher- ;
equa'f '.^?famous3«nO*KlO «lf.lJelicvei. all pain
JRHI '" \Fomb or < lv « rI '"' In 10 minute*.
KSSgKfia Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea, Blood and
l^i^^a Bladder Trouhies, Faintm-ss, Nervousness, l"ear
W»<rM[ ,i, I Di-spoiidriicy. Cure* Uurorrhda. ''
KSks. YJm Complaints, Displacements, Backache, Bearing
fcl.Ti»»^ Vuri Down Pains an.l all Fem»le Pisprrtnrv
JpP^« Soreness and Ulcerations. Arf|l
U<T>^ the si irits and Vitullzrs i^kLS
™ 'W^jSr^^tl." whole frame, (^nfe, Sure anil VljlWr
Ab»ulutely Iliirmlons. One 50 rmt box will M^
CTrnbc^i'i'i diiu by AXX> druggists. :
OlUrO ALL rAIFI 1 or mailed m plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 MINUTES TbcPerfreto Co. Caxton Bids'. Chteaso
: Bold by Owl Drug Co., S. F., and Oakland.- , '
TIRFAIW A 8 the new discovery
UIIEAJJIA that gives you sleep, !
i^/j^sl/rest and no dreams. DREAMA ■
Ss V^^ cures bad dreams, dy a- i
J >> * > S^ pepela, .horrible .j ,
d roams. ->**^//?5^s s Jlrea ID 8; head- •
night lllu- ••■^sJT^»^S»L'' : ' ache
sloiis, nightmare.. _^j^' -4€S >&^l^^ '
Take at night. If not: i ll Sw
cured money rofunded. 25c ■^**v^'\^^ " t
a box. DREAMA CO. Sold by .^V^.. ,. •
OEAWT'3 Baldwin' PHARMACY. s^>^|
ffZb "• Chtchestcr'n Enffll«b Diamond Brand. '-- '
PC&lrliMtcr'* Knsll'h Diamond
ENNYROYAL PILLS
M ]_<El*v"> ! ' Orlfflnalond Only Genuine." .':." A.
' J*7?%*^\ •»'C, alvaji reliable. -l»oies ask £X\
& »S 4.»\m Dru^gin for Chichttltrt XnalUh X>(a-J9\A
Zittyyi&iuini Brand in K«d »0.l Hold meta!llo\Vjg' ; .
r*Wa!»»»' •ealed with blue rlbl>on. . Take VST \ i
4g» 4j^ t?W|no other. Refute dangerous tuhttitu- V
I" I — ffftian* and imitation: At l)-ogj?is;«, or itmd4«. |
■ I w ' JJf in itampa for particulars, testimonial* aal ■
■V C Xt " Belief for Ladle*," in utter, by return ' ;
Jk~ I if MalL, 1 0.000 T, "tiraoai»l«. (Tom. Paper.
~" > »'— / Chi" t n:»terClieiplenlCo..Mnrtli>ooB<imiir«b '
B*!d by an Local UrugjUt*. ■-' . :,' *. UA.. ¥£
p^^DR. HALL'S REINVIGOR ATOR
&2b^B^9S Five hundred reward for any caa« •
■M .. "fl we cannot cure. This secret remedy
4 '■ -.. etopa all losses in 24 hours, "cure* i
Hcnf HEB Emissions. Impotency, Varicocela,
7*rl'- 'Hf < i"P.i>rrli''-a. Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
,V-UI imJ Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
' fff-'fl SSi" ft •is of self-abuse or excesses. Sent ]
E2*ir:^S3 sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $6; guar- ;
an teed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN- | ■
BTITUTE 85". Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
lor rale at lOWA Market it.. S. P. Ail prl- i
! vate dlßeases quickly cured. Send for free book. 1-.
Chartered 1818.
STATEMENT
... OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
... - OF THE ■
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IN THE STATE OF MAS3A-
chusetts, on the 31st day of ' Decem-
ber, A. I). IS»7. anil for the" year ending on
I that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
; Political Code, condensed as per Mank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash |300.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company. $525,23150
Amount of 1 ans secured by pledge of ..':'*
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral: 15,000 00
Cash in company's office 2,222 82
! Cash in banks: 37,47156
i Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2.367 85
Premiums in due course of collection 41.56S 40
Total assets  ftt4,202 13
LIABILITIES.
j Losses adjusted and unpaid |9,456 53
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense '.'.' 22.96107
Gross premiums on fire risks run- .
ning one year or less, $130, 31;
' reinsurance 50 per cent 75,381 16
Gross premiums on fire risks run- .
ning- more than one year, Sini.763 63;
; reinsurance pro rata i 46,010 15
Due- and accrued -for salaries, rent, .;■.;■><:'
etc 2.251 70
All other demands against the com-
pany ...'. .' 15,559 71
Total liabilities '. £72.850 32
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $167,422 49
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources : •■ 22,748 00
Total . income '. '.'. $190, 170 49
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $25,384 28, losses of previous
years) $^5.P57 ffi
Dividends to stockholders IS, OOO 0')
Paid . or allowed for commission or
brokerage •• •• 34,. 43
Paid for salaries, fees and other- •
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 20,500 75
Paid for State, national and local .-..
taxes 6.621
All other payments and expenditures 12,541 <t7
Total expenditures $175.152 9S
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $91,403 00
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. [Premiums.
Net amount of risks j
written during the year $22,071,177 $236,609 60
Net amount, of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 23,631,597 255.932 64
Net amount in force De-
cember 81. 1597..... 22,522,£11 2r.2,5252 r .2,525 94
FRANCIS PEABODY, President.
HENRY B. BEAN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January, IS9S.
GEO. M. AMERIGE, Notary Public.
BAGGS & STOVEL,
General Agents for the Pacific Coast, ■
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
■^2_ SAN, FRANCISCO. ■ - . ■
WEEILI GALL
o/ It Publishes the Cream of th«
Li News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
,©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY^
W ;.' PAPER OiN THE
~J, PACIFIC COAST
11 . The ; Best -\- / : Mining
.°» Telegraphic \/ ! News That "
0% Service on S\ Is Accurate
erf The Coast / up to data
ol Not a Line of It Sensational
ij; ■. or Faky, and Not a Line of .
Zl it Dry or Uninteresting.
O/ Brljrht, Clean. I A Champion •!
7*l? Thoughtful. Truth.
Ji ' '' J
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
rj AIL THE TIME.
©C IT ADVOUTES SENT BT
-J fT ADVOUTt* SENT BT
°S HOME MAIL, 51.5»
o( INDUSTRIES . 4 YEAR.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN'A UITTER3. THa
rreat Mexican remedy: give* health an<
■ «tr«i>*tb to the sexual orgua. -
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3>7 Hayes street: open until ?:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:3o. o'clock.
Ci:> Larkin street; open until S:3O o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. , .
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 °cJock.
::„ Mission street; open until 9 o clocK.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucny
6treets. open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter St., between- Kearny and
Grant aye.— Christian Science Bible lessons,
.11 a m. and 7:45 p. m. Subject, morning.
"Mind"; evening, 'The Dead Raised to Life "
Sunday school for children, 11 a. m. {, estl
monial meeting Wednesday at S p. m. Ail are
welcome. ;
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist • Episcopal
Churcn, corner Hayes and Buchanan fits..
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, residence, 309
• Haight st.— Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:4.". p.
11l The pastor will preach at both services.
Topic at 11 a. m., "The Gospel of Immor
• tality," and at 7:46 p. m., service of praise
and thanksgiving for peace, with an appro-
priate address by the pastor. Sunday-school
at 12:30 p. m.. C. B. Perkins, superintendent.
Epworth League meeting at 6:45 p. m.
Prayer-meeting, Wednesday evening at 7:45.
The' public cordially invited to all the ser-
vices of this church. Seats free. Ushers In
attendance. • ■• ■ * /
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion st., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Class meetings 9:30 a. m. and 12:30 p. m.
Morning sermon 11 o'clock; subject. Provi-
dences and Special Providences." Sunday-
school 1 p. m.. Holla V. Watt, superintend-
ent. Christian Endeavor Society 6:16 p. m.
Evening sermon 7:4.".; subject, "The Career of
Prince Bismarck and Its Lessons to Ameri-
cans." This is a people's church. . AH seats
free Cordial Invitation to all. Midweek
prayer and praise service Wednesday even-
ing 7:45.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Powell
and Geary sts.— Rev. John Heniphill, D. D.,
pastor Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. ;
topic evening. "Is War Justifiable: Does It
Ever Pay; the Disarmament of. Nations ',
music morning: anthem, "Praise the Lord"
(Holden); offertory. "The- Lord Is Light
(Marsh); soprano solo. Mrs. Priest; fine mu-
sic evening: "Jubilate Deo," A flat (Ger-
rlsh); offertory, bass solo, "Thy Song to
Thee, ii Lord" (Abt), Mr. J. C. Hughes; all
are made welcome. •
FIRS' Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
aye and Sacramento st.— Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie, D. D., pastor: Rev. Edwin H. Jenks,
co-pastor. Services to-dny at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. in.; Rev. H. H. Wintner of Coluss will
preach morning and evening; Sabbath school
at 12:45 p. m.; Wednesday evening prayer
meeting, at 8 o'clock. All are made welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sis.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach morning and evening.
Morning service, 11 o'clock; theme. "The Value
of Thorough Education." Evening service
7:4.-1 o'clock; theme, "Heavenly Citizenship.
Sunday-school and Bible classes at 12:45 p. m.
' V P. S. C. 8., 6:45 p. m. .Samuel D. Mayer,
organist and choirmaster.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St..
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m.; Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. ; Rev.
F. B. Cherlngton, D. D., pastor, will preach
morning and evening: morning subject. "Al-
lotments of Life and God's Goodness" ; even-
ing subject, "The Hindoos as 1 Saw Them";
the public cordially Invited.
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E. Cra-
mer «•.— Discourse at 11 a. m. Subject,
"A New Revelation." Yosemite Hall. Native
Sons' bliig. Mason st., bet. Post and Geary.
(Take elevator).
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Post st., organized by command of God in
IS3O. has no connection with the Utah Church
—Preaching, 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. ; evening
sermon by George S. Lincoln: strangers In-
vited; all welcome; C. A. Parkin in charge^
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
sts.— Union patriotic service this (Sunday)
afternoon, at 3 o'clock; address by Rev. E.
A. Woods D. D. ; special music, patriotic
songs, violin solo by Miss Alice M. Woods
and cornet solo by Miss Pearl Noble; service
open to both men and women; the public in-
. vited.
GOSPEL Hall. 1036 Sixteenth st. (heretofore 832
Howard)— Believers gathered to the name of
the Lord Jesus Christ. Sunday. 11 a. m.,
' breaking of bread; 2:30 p. m., Sunday school;
Bible class; 7:30 p. m.. gospel preaching;
Tuesday. 7:45 p. m., Bible class; Wednesday,
7:45 p. m., prayer meeting: seats tree; no
• collections; bring your Bibles.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood— Lodge No. 7.
(Theoeophlcal Society in America.)
(International Brotherhood League.)
■ 819 Market St.. lecture to-night, "Mystic
Masonry," Rev. W. E. Copeland; Tuesday
night. "Duty"; Saturday night, "The Pur-
pose of Life." Contributions of suitable
clothing and money are solicited for Cuban
relief, the same to bs delivered at room 30,
Sl9 Market St., by 5 p. m. Monday.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lectures
every Sunday at S p. m. In Memorial Hall,
' Odd Fellows' building, corner Market and
Seventh Ets. To-night. "The Path of Dls-
■clpleship," by Miss M. A. Walsh. Good
music everybody welcome. Lotus Circle for
children at 2:30. Lodge meetings Wednesday
at 8 p. m.
- SUNDAY MEETINGS^
MRS."j. J. WHITNEY, medical clairvoyant
trance test medium, will give a meeting this
evening: names of spirits given in full; per-
sonal questions answered;- & o'clock. 305
Larkin st.
MME. FLORENCE MONTAGUE resumes meet-
ings Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. Occi-
dental Hall. 305 Larkln et.. San Francisco: no
further notice.
DR RINES' Spiritual Society, 909 Market St.;
11, free. 2-8, 10c; Mrs. Vlgers-Barkley. Dr.
Carpenter, Dr. R. C. ; office 935 Market st.
OAKLAND Psychical Society meets at Frater-
nal Hall. Washington st., 8 p. m. Lecture
and reading by Mme. Florence Montague.
IRENE SMITH, lecture to-night, Giers' Hall,
Oakland. Readings in palmistry. Questions
answered. Free.
TEST meeting to-night; Mesdames Griffin,
Drew. Finnican. Sixth and Market sts.: free.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c. 605 McAllister st. : come, skeptics.
LEANDER, the king of mediums; test circle
to-night; every one gets a test. 508 Eddy st.
TEST meeting. 2 and Bp. m. ; 10c. 335 McAllis-
ter; Stltt. Mrs. Bird. Hargrave. Butler, others.
C. V. MILLER'S ethereallzlng materializing
seance, 8 p. m., 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
■ MRS; EGGERT AITKEN has moved to 120
McAllister st., flat No. 1: sittings dally.
~~ MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Consistory No. t__S* T
I— Officers and members are re- Ife*!
quested to meet at the Temple |ii__!Bl_ = _p!
THIS (SUNDAY) AFTER- |BHE__B[
- NOON, August 14. at 1 o'clock. ___"_3_ > £™_j
to attend the funeral of their 1— |K< —
late brother, CHARLES W. _J-ki
' MANWARING. '
GEO. J. HOP.E, Registrar.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ■"._»
M. — Officers and members are herewith ff\^
notified to attend the funeral of outTt^V
deceased brother. MEYER A. COHN/V'
late a member of Mount Moriah Lodge No.
27, F. and A. M. of New York city, on MON-
DAY MORNING. August 15, at 10 o'clocK.
By order of the W. M.
• G. W. ROOT, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. & A. M. __
Officers ■ .nd members are hereby no- _#\_
titled to attend the funeral of our late )C_K
brother. CHARLES WILLIAM MAN- /V >
WARING, on SUNDAY, August 14. IS9B. ■' at
1 o'clock p. m.. from Masonic Temple. Mont-
gomery and Post sts. By order of the Mas-
' ter. GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secy.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. ■<s_JM__ i ,
F. —Officers and brothers: You _js_^_B_=r
■ will assemble at the lodge room, -^s^«*~S?'
SUNDAY. Aug. 14, 1898, at 2 'w/iw
o'clock, to attend the funeral of the late Bro-
ther LUCCA POPOVICH. By order of
JAMES A. WILSON, N. O.
c. H. BECK, Rec. Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. 143,- I. ■'0.-'^»______v,
O. F. — officers and members __5_2«5?5i_:
•of the funeral 'committee of this : s§s'RS^jS='
lodge are hereby notified to as- ■'"r£pi
semble at their lodge room, 1740 Mission St.,
SUNDAY MORNING. August 14, at 9 o'clock
sharp, to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother. F. BUDDRUS. By order of
• J. TIES. N. O.
C. WIESEL, Secretary.. ■
THE St. Andrew's Society will cele- v C 7 >.
brate ■ the 127 th anniversary of - the J, A Oil
birth of Sir Walter Scott on. Fri- . T»Xf*
day evening, August 19, In Scot- ' < *-J~%
tish Hall, 105 Larkln st. Songs,- reading!
from the works of the poet by well knowi
artists. An address will be delivered by Mr
David Edward. Collins on the "Life of . tlii
:■_■■ Poet." Admission 26c. .
J AS. S. WEBSTER, President.
A. C. BALLINGALL. Secretary.- ..
EIGHTH annual • plclnc of the County V^^T
Leltrim Social Club will be held at V /
.Harbor View Park on SUNDAY. _f_.X
. August 21. New attractions. Valu-fCWi
able prizes. Admission 25c. -. Soldiers »»tES
free p. M. McGUSHIN, President.
M. J. MORAN. Secretary. ' ■
THE annual meeting of the stockholders -ol
Pacific Undertakers will take place at th«
office of the company, 777 Mission street, Sar
Francisco. Cal.. TUESDAY. August 23, 1898,
at S o'clock p. m., for the election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term' and the transactor
of such other business as may come befon
it Transfer books will close Friday. August
19 IS9B. at A p. m. By order" of the boari
"Of directors. M. C. GORHAM. Secy.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by .the hydraulic
process from Sara E. Reamer, In the.Pem-
bertcn Gravel mine near Forest Hill. Pla-
cer County, to deposit tailings in Baltimore
and Dardanelles canyons, and from Penrose
& Harker. in the Bull Run mine, near Relief
Hill, Nevada' County, to deposit tailings, in a
ravine below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco, Cal., on August 22. IS9B.
Nt 1:30 p. m. - ■' ■ .
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
AGAIN THIr! WEEK,
Dr. MacLennan continues FREE healing at
100 Halght, St.. corner Octavla. . :
BAD tenants ejected for $4 ; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery Bt.. room 6; tel. 5080.
ROOMS papered from $2 50: whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 ™-
DIVIDEND NOIIC— S.
i DIVIDEND notice-Dividend No. 6S I (50c per
j share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantat on
Company will be payable at the office of the
company J27 Market St., on and after Satur-
day, August 20. ISfIS. '*■'■'. .'■
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Au-
gust 13. 1868. ■»t. > H_o;e^k i m ;oyr , retary ,
SITUATIONS WANTED— femalk.
I COMPETENT woman desires situation to do
general housework; city or country. Box 843.
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED. lady, perfect teacher in French
and German, clever with sewing, helpful In
the house, desires position; good home pre-
ferred to high salary. Address C. \ ., Ger-
man Society, care Gordan. '
FIRST-CLASS Scandinavian woman wishes sit-
uation to do cooking or general housework In
private family or boarding-house; city or
country. S., box 20. Call office.
1 FIRST-CLASS laundress; work by day or
week; best references. - Please call 213 Minna
St., near Third.
LADY stenographer and typewriter of four
years' practical business' experience In law
and private offices, desires position; wages
moderate. Address M.. box 495. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by Nova Scotia Protest-
ant woman; good cook; will do some house
work. Call CM Geary st. ■
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes posi-
tion In boarding-house or widower's family;
city or country. Address 15 Minna st.
BY an Eastern woman, a situation as house-
Iteeper or chamber work or nurse to invalid.
Address Housekeeper, 215 Keary St., room 22.
WANTED— Washing, ironing or .--cleaning
by the day;' best of references. Address
MRS. M. E. .T.. 15 Minna st^^^
FIRST-CLASS Eastern dressmaker, formerly
with leading firm In New York City wishes
! sewing by the day or at rooms; ladies tailor-
ing a specialty. E. R-. 915 Polk st.
WANTED— By lady, position to take charge of
rooming-house; experienced; no triflers. Ad-
dress or call on F. C. 613 Folsom st.
YOUNG girl wishes to learn trade or assist In
store. 1530 Folsom St.
GERMAN woman, experienced with children
and sewing, • wants place In country: can
teach languages; willing to help In house-
hold. E. S_. box 113. Call office.
CAPABLE Protestant woman, with best of ref-
erences, wants care of invalid or children:
city or country. Address J.. box 9, Call otflce,
Oakland. , I
GOOD housekeeper, reference, would like pil-
lion, light housekeeping, in American family,
no objection to leaving city. M. X., box ...
Call office, Oakland. j
• GERMAN woman wants work by the day, !
washing or housecleanlng. 502 Stevenson St.. j
near Sixth and Market. I
WANTED— Situation as bread baker. J. G. M..
777 Market st.. room 27.
DRESSMAKING, tailor-made suits, evening
gowns and children's work $1 50 per day; ref-
i erence If required. 299 Hyde ft.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing or
housecleanlng; wages $1 day and car fare.
Address MRS. McMEEKIN. 507 Birch aye.
WOMAN who is a good worker wishes work of
any kind by the day. 358 Linden aye.
\ SITUATION wanted by girl: general house-
work. Call or address 522 Fell st. *
GIRL would like a place to do light house-
: work No. 1 Golden place, bet. Hyde and
Larkln sts. Please call Monday.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LADY would like to go out by the day house-
cleaning, washing, Ironing or take barber
towels or napkins home to wash. 1620 Pacific
aye. ■ ■ ' ■
YOUNG woman, with a baby, wants to work in
a good home. Address Newport House,
room 31. '
WANTED— Situation as child's or invalid's
nurse or sewing work by competent lady. Call j
"or address MRS. F. P., 137 Buchanan st. r
' EXPERIENCED woman, good American cook, :
with good references; no postals. Cook. 633
Stevenson st. ' ■* ________
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German lady
wants situation as working housekeeper. 259
Stevenson St.. bet. 3d and 4th. , near Market.
' AMERICAN woman wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper in hotel or ranch; city or
country. 112 Kearny St., room 27.
YOUNG married woman would like position as
wetnurse. Address 10S4 Twelfth St.. Oakland,
or call from 2 to 5. ■ .
GOOD German girl wants to do light house-
work; $12 per month. 1009 Mission St., 1-6 p.m.
SWEDISH girl wishes work; plain washing
1 and housecleaning or any kind of work by
the day 1313 Fulton St. '■ -~
YOUNG woman would like housework by the
day: wages $1 50 a day. Address 1574 Turk st.
. SITUATION wanted by a competent colored
woman as janltress In a building of offices:
best of city references. » Address G. "M. L..
box 281, Call office. . . .-...--
GERMAN girl; general housework; good wages,
i 933 Halght st. ■ ' ■
. ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office |of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
' CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office?
'■ best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. Eaat 426.
' CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY -CO., 640 Clay st.
BAKER, first-class on bread or cakes, wants
situation; city or country. Call or address
__ WILLIAM X., 15 Laskie st., between Eighth
» • and Ninth, near Mission.
. PLUMBER; Job wanted ■by good mechanic;
new or old work; understands plans, etc.
Address Mechanic, box 703, Call office.
WANTED by -a man and wife, a place In a
first-class country hotel: woman a first-class
cook. Address or call JOHN DICKSON, 1221
Mission, st. .
I MAN and wife, German, can speak some Eng-
lish like positions on milk ranch or private
family: wife is good cook. Address B.
ROSETT, box 740, Call office. -■-....:.
POSITION wanted -on private place or small
dairy; can milk, care for horses, etc. Ad-
dress E. W.. box 7543. Call office.
C VRPENTER wants work at repairing old
work or making new or painting roofs. Box
791, Call office. ■ -.
GERMAN. 29 years old, very strong, speaks
Bomt. English, wishes work of any kind. A.
X. , . box 7DI, Call. . , ■■■ . . .-:■■■
, POSITION as assistant bookkeeper, stenog-
rapher and typewriter by young man; flrst-
1 class references. K. L.. box 703, Call.
■ THOROUGH experienced gents' furnishing
[salesman desires situation in a first-class es-
tablishment. A. G. 8.. box 1167. Call.
YOUNG man of good address wishes position
1 as traveling companion: first-class references
' furnished. Box 790, Call.
WANTED— By - competent • accountant, 'and
. stenographer. ." position with wholesale or
commission house; wages "moderate; single
young man, not afraid of work of, any kind;
best of references, bond, etc. ; main object op-
. portunity for . advancement. Address H., . 411
. ' .-Mason; st. .... . -, .'."'. ■ '- ■■■' ..'"
I FIRST-CLASS German gardener, ' good propa-
gator, can milk, run a gasoline engine and
j| take care of horses. Address box -225. Call.
1 BOY attending Lick School anxious to obtain
employment before and after school hours;
wages jibmlnal.'. EL, box 322.* Call. ' -'■ -
- AN educated man,- a physician,- familiar with
v official and other, forms •of ■ correspond,-
? ' ' ence good French scholar,"- has traveled cx-
i - tensively, desires 1 position as secretary, book-
| keeper, agent or general assistant ;nd com-
8 panlon. Address M., box 7, Call ofnce.'Oak-
" land. ' .•, . .: ...":. . >/
• .■; - ■ 1 — ______________________
0 MONEY on diamonds, "sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant' aye.
SITUATION wanted by respectable young.'man
- I as watchman, porter, stableman, milk, or any
[> position of trust; references; Address A. D.,
i I ~ Sl2 Kearny st. ■ •'■■■ r ' '.."-':■ -\ •-." ''."■' .-".-■'''■
» I FIRST-CLASS . Chinese cook ' wants . situation ;
(, small' washing; cooking; private family; city
■ or country. W. S. X., 615% Dupont st. .
_ A YOUNG man wishes a position as barkeeper;
f city or country: can : give best of references.
c R.. box 823, Call Office. • . •,-; 
f 1 BOY 17 wishes position with doctor; two years'
'• . experience. .Address 'or . call PERCY, 1229
". Mission st. - : . . ....-..■ ;'/t-; .', . -•
c MAN ; and wife . want situations In country or
I camp; both Al cooks; wife Al housekeeper;
d mas handy all around. Address F. G. T..
. box 999, Ca11. .. . . • | . ■■■
i L_MiJtB"-B-l!a-MI-MBii-?.> .U^> C '■- ■■■'' •'. ' :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 34, 1898.
; - . . . . -.. -~ .-■ -■-"-. ■ ■ .: :
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
SITUATION by steady middle-aged man, - take
care private place; can drive and milk; low
wages; references. Address A. M.. box 023. j ,
Call office. - .''.,-
JAPANESE boy wants < position of schoolboy
or half-day work. Address care Japanese
Mission, 1327 Pine st. -
MAN wishes a situation as gardener In a pri-
vate family; good references. Address 537
Sacramento st. ~ _
YOUNG man wants position In creamery; can
work up butter and egg route; best refer-
ences; steady position. Address 126 Liberty.
CHINESE, very best flrst-olass cook, meat and
pastry, wishes position, hotel or boarding
house; satisfaction. CHARLEY FOOK. 906
: Clay st. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
~ HELP W ANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st., want—
10 waitresses for -Southern California; also
waitresses for Fresno, Bakersfleld, Visalla.
Kern-(see parties here, fare paid), $20 each;
also waitresses for Santa Cruz Springs, Sari
Jose, Nona. Palo Alto, San Mateo, Gilroy.
$20 and $25; also 3 chambermaids, to wait,
country, $20; for the city, 3 waitresses, $20; 2
chambermaids, to wait, .$2l (see party here 10
! a. m.); 2 chambermaids, to wait. $20; cham-
bermaid, $20; French cook, few boarders, $25;
mother and young . daughter, cook and help
small boarding house. $30..
C R HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary, want to-day
2 cooks. -Jewish families, $25; 2 American,
private family, cooks, $25; house girl, 2 In
family, $25; house girl, 2 in family, $20; and a
number of house girls for city and country
places, $15. $20, $25; cook, small family, $25;
and young second girl, $10, for Vacavllle (see
lady here 10 a. m.). C. R. HANSEN & C 0. .:
104 Geary st. <
. ■ ; ■
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit,
at CUTTING FRUIT PACKING CO., 1150
Harrison st. ■
WANTED— Experienced operators to work on
drill clothing and overshirts. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, corner Gougb and Grove.
YOUNG girl for housework; ■ wages $8. 905
Guerrero st. ■ _________
EXPERIENCED waitress for restaurant. 406
McAllister st. ' - ' - ■
WOMAN for housework and plain washing; $10
to $12. 343 Third St.. 6 to 12 o'clock.
WANTED— Young girl to assist. Apply at 1169
Valencia st.
WANTED— neat : young girl to do light
housework; wages from ?S.to $10. MOT Clay.
WANTED— Cook for miner's boarding house.
12 to 15 men: must be good baker; strong,
healthy woman. Box 863. Call Office.
WANTED— GirIs and boys living In Mission to
work after school hours; can make from $2 to
$3 per week easily, if good workers. Address
box 892. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED glovemakers on machine. F.
G. CONKLIN & CO.. 413 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher, to be a good button-
hole maker on vests. 966 Mission st.
A NEAT German girl for general housework ,
and plain cooking; wages $15 per month. 911
Larkln st. . . ■
i THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the only successful school of Its
kind on the coast; we teach the cutting, mak- i
ing trimming and fitting of stylish hats and
dresses; all are Invited to visit pur school;
patterns cut to order 25c up; pupils work for
themselves: positions free. 113 Post St.
' MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
i * ;ewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
! GOOD German girl; general housework and
cooking: good wages. 933 Halght st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; must be
a good cook. 416 Van Ness aye. ■
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit end
canning. Callfornian Canneries Co., Ltd..
Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to ' work on fruit. Apply
CODE PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
awn &
Mlsison st. ■-.-■.;..■-•■ .
LEARN ladles' tailoring at Storey's Ladies-
Tailoring College. 1309 Broadway. Oakland:
lessons unlimited; on weekly pa;ments; good
positions free. .
WORK for women and girls. Apply nt KING-
i MORSE CANNING CO., northwest corner
Broadway- and" Saneome st. '
i WANTED— on flannel overshlrts; a
' few inexperienced hands > taken and taught.
LEVI l STRAUSS & CO.. 36^. Fremont st.
NEAT young girl, assist with housework for
' good home. 1538 Fulton st. - .-■•■■
W^^T¥A?g> r R Vc^loVm^
LEARN dressmaking and mininery; positions
free; patterns 25c^____ Mc P° well ' -
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
Bt.: perfect flt: no trying on;. trial free.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
°MOTR^ I> *BBAl>YV.Viro^i"^^i
Leading Em^lovmen^and^ Labor Agents.
8° J£**£_^^.V-t» '£ '» »"» "^ cord
si TiSmVkers ....'....••■■Bc, 9c and lie each
12 teamsters city" J0b5....5l 75 and $1 50 a day
•12 farm hands ... .. $26. $25 and $20 and found
0 laborers, city J0b5.... 51 75 and $1 50 a day
6 choremen and boys on ranches, $15 and $10
Y"une oU min; ' private ' iamHi'.'-^' to' $20 ' 'and
MURRAY '& ' READY.' '634 and R36 fiay ' st*. ' ' ■
r FTIITIT Dickers ..Sonoma _ County
, 5 men to learn pruning. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
TO THE .T. ... 5AWM1LL5......... WOODS
12 laborers for woods.. ..^ .$26 and found
5 - lumber pliers $1,. i 5 a day
26 lumber and sawmill laborers.. s26 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
$3 A DAY. strong laborers, $3 a day to work
on hay presses; 6 men are. wanted. ■ MURRAY
6 READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. .
SAILOR for a ' gentleman's yacht, see boss
here. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay Ft. ' ' '
DAIRIES ...........DAIRIES. DAIRIES
Butter-maker and run a separator.. s3o and
• found
3 milkers '. .....'.525 and $20 and found
2 butter-makers $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MACHINIST wanted, country shop, j MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY .... SUNDAY
And 2354 men.. are wanted
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment I
and Labor Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO CUT ..BRUSH ....CLEAR LAND
12 men as common ' laborers. $30 and found,
fare 50 cents, across the bay. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE.....HOP FIELDS. ..IN CALIFORNIA
500 "men '. . women . ......... and - children
to pick hops, etc.; great crowds daily »flng.
MURRAY & : READY.' 634 and 636 Clay^at.
' ........: GOVERNMENT - W0RK. .. ..........
California State work
3 mm to blast out rock for concrete work. $2
a day; 5 common laborers. $1 75 a day: cook
for the above men. $30 and found; '•' MURRAY
' & READY 1 _634 and 636 Clay. St. .  . ■
TAILOR for country. Shoemaker, country
[ MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 .C1ay st.
! NOW ............COOKS LOOK HERE
; 29 cooks for hotel*. : restaurants, coffee houses,
I Tftllrond camps; ranches, etc.. $50. $45. $35 and
I $25 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
I 636 Clay st. . - .. -, ...7 . . .;.. ■-'■;..■ -.-..■
• 9 WAITERS for hotels- and restaurants, etc
I $30. $25 and $20 and found. MURRAY _
' READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
i STRONG boy to learn- bakery business, $5 a
• week and found; cracker packer. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
1 I 'WANTED— Driver for milk - route In city, ref- !
- I erence ' required, * $30 per month , and found ; .-.". 2
-. ' furnacemen for mine, $60: 4 Germans or Scan-
' dinavians, to .work about furnace, no experi-
ence required." $2 per day; farmers, milkers,
cooks, waiters and dishwashers ;
Hop pickers" ..........;
: Anybody, everybody, can I spend a: 6 to -7-
1 week camping trip, and make money besides,
• 1 by picking hops for a large company.- Apply
I •:• for particulars at • :■ 7. •-
f W I). EWER & COS.. 626 Clay st.
■ WANTED— cook. $60; short order -cook,
$45: restaurant country, cook city, $40; sec-
'• : ond cook. -plain .hotel, $30:' ' waiter; $40; dlsh-
' r -washer, $25; shirt Ironer and polisher, $40; 2
Ironers, $25 to $35; man about country resort,
$12; porter, hotel, $10, etc. ANDRE'S, 316
; ' Stockton : St. ' . ,'■
AN old established commission house of San
. ' Francisco ' requires young, energetic I business
' man. with references and $500 cash.; tOieftab-
9 branch In nearby, thriving town;: will be
Instructed' In \ business; $200 monthly Income
- . guaranteed; money secured. C. H., box 1167,
" ; '■ Call Of flee.
,' WANTED- Bright ; young man to learn barber
trade. • 1542 Market st.
HELP ANTED— Continued.
SECOND cook, $60; 2 cooks and 1 a baker for
. Nevada; $110: second cook and baker, rail-
road eating-house, $35; waiter, same place.
' $25; waiter, officers' mess, $30: 2 waiters,
mine boarding-house, $25; 2 dishwashers for a
mine. $25 each. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. .. ■
2 NEAT hotel waiters, $30, Bee party here. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
AN experienced bellboy with references, $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO. . 104 Geary st.
HEAD laundryman. $35 and found; band laun-
dryman, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., : 104 Geary at. . ;'..-'
7 HAY balers; see boes here Monday. 8 a. m.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
20 MEN to pick fruit and grapes, $1 a day. . C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at. -
FAMILIES to pick hops. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. - -
CHUTEBUILDER. $50 and.found; ranch black-
smith, $25 and found: ranch carpenter, $30;
farmer, $20; brick molder, {2 a day and board;
8 men to chop and get out lagging. I%C see
boss here; 2 tlemakers, lie. \ C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st
8 TEAMSTERS and 5 laborers for the Coast
road: call Monday at 7 o'clock ready to go;
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
1000 MEN for railroad work in British Colum-
■ bia; laborers and rockmen, $2 a day and up;
special reduced fare. For particulars call on
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at. •
LABORERS and rockmen for Alaska, $22 50.
C. R. . HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Three experienced crockery pack-
ers for freight shipments; none but experi-
enced men need apply. Call at 207 Sutter St.,
before 4 and 6 p. m. to-day (Sunday);
WANTED— Reliable man to take care of horse
and make himself generally useful around the
■• place; wages $15 a month and found. Apply
grocery store, W. corner 26th and Sanchez.
A COMPETENT reliable grocery clerk. Call
to-day bet. 9 and 4:30. 1607.JFIUinore.
WANTED— Two live, energetic men. Apply at
22 Post st., Monday evening, bet. 7:30 and 8:30
o'clock. . _. ' . ■ ■ '
WANTED— Young , men to Join evening clauses
now forming; bookkeeping. English, civil ser-
vice. Ayres' Business College.
MUSICIANS wanted : - at FOSTER'S Dancing
School. 1358 Market st. ■"-/
TINSMITHS wanted: Apply at 49 Sacramento
• street. . ■ ' .v ' . . ,
WANTED— A sheetlron worker Monday morn-
ing at 1136 Mission st.
WANTED— Three first-class, organizers on
salary for fraternal beneficiary order; first-
class proposition. Address box 2126. Call.
WANTED— Young man living In Mission pre-
ferred to take- orders and solicit for retail
wine house in Mission: good worker can make
good salary. Address box 764, Call Office.
WANTED- Good Japanese cook in Belvedere.
Call Monday, 1034 Mission St.. city.
WANTED— Grocery clerk; stout young man;
wages $6 per week. SE cor. Geary and, Web-
ster sts. < . . -■
WANTED— Good waiter for night. Apply Call
Office. - ' - : '
COATMAKER for country- Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st. ,
WARDROBE renovatory. 142 Eddy St., i. bush-
elman who understands pressing; also solicit-
. ore. ■- ' ■ ■ ; ■
STRONG boy to work In store; wages $15 a
month. Call box A 793.
KITCHEN help wanted who understands short
orders. 1783 Haight st.
EXTRA waiter. 47 Stockton st.
WANTED An experienced . bundle wrapper of
long experience: one having handled clothing
preferred. . RAPHAELS'.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen. . carpenters, coast,
Australia.' Europe. HERMANS. 26 Steuart.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
; jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' , 15 Grant aye.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy: able-bodied
unmarried men, between the ages of IX and
JO years, who are citizens of the United
States or those who have legally declared J
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak, ;
read .-.nd write English, and be between 5 ]
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting of lice. 20
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Live energetic man. Apply 218 Mc-
Allister St., at once.
TO tailors— Coatmakers wanted. Apply at
11 a m. at the ' Steveneon-st. entrance.
CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
COAL miners who have worked in pitch vein
wantod. Apply to TESLA. COAL CO.. room
515. 328 ' Montgomery st: ■'■■'.;.. ■
WAlTED— Laborers, arid- mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
r mi; 25c per night; $1 to. s3 per week.
GO to. 29 Grant aye., room 24, and learn how
, to'- make $10 a day. ' "..
AN easy thing to make $10 a day. 29 Grant
aye., room, 24. ■ • .
SEVERAL hounds broken for deer hunting.
Address box 14. Call office.
BARBERS' Promt-wive Union; . free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104,7 th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free I Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At '. Montana - House, 764 Mi Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade >in 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 138H Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St.. near- Jackson.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling. 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 26c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, Market St.. below Sixth.
for.a.room; 25c a night; $1 a week. . ■.
WANTED— To collect wages, due laborers and
' clerks. Knox Collection -Agency, 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth . and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c- night; reading-room:
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
NINTH, 167— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scrlptlona and want ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
LIVE agents make ', big money selling Murat
Halstead's great war book, "Our Country in
War," and "The Story of Cuba" ; life and
times. of William E. Gladstone; Frances E.
Wlllard. founder of the world's W. C. T. U. ;
secure territory, to-day; outfits 50c California
Educational Bureau. Stockton, Cal.
~~ FURNITURE .WANTED.
CAfiJH for . fixtures, groceries, '.- furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission: reasonable. E.
COHN, auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlse. 1057 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
~~~ ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED room; light housekeeping; cen-
t ral: ' state terms. ~ R.. box 325. ■ Call. \
LARGE front room or suite of rooms wanted
with board by young couple; In private fam-
ily; state location and terms. Box 773. Call.
. WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and ; magic lantern appa-
ratuß, second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
Lost.
$5 REWARD— Thursday in Oakland or
San Francisco, memorandum book contain-
ing commutation. ticket and business papers.
If left at 213 Jackson St., finder will receive
reward. . '■"""- ■''••'■
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
~ and Loan Society of - San Francisco, in the
name of ROBERT GORE . or JOSEPHINE
: GORE; No: 218-1498. The finder will please re-
turn to hank. -.;-.■.; . : :-.■ .;.;-■• I- _
LOSTr^Gold earring in Hayes Valley. Suitable
reward .at ■ 935 . Hay st. / -■.: . ..
GLAZIER'S diamond or T glass-cutter: suitable
.reward. Return to' D. FOLEY. 5-7-9 Brady. l
IF the party who was seen picking up purse at
corner of Haight and. Clayton sts., at 12:30
' Friday, Aug.' 12. will return same with money
and rings at 1712 Market st., will be well re-
warded. .- . ■'.■•■.■ ' • ' :
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
• and Loan Society of. San Francisco, In the
ruime of JAMES GAFNEY, No. 57,325. The
- finder^ will please return to bank.
A WEEK'S news.'for 5 ' cents — . The. Weekly
' Call, In wrapper.' for mailing. .- *
~~ . . CARPET CLEANING. , T~ •
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
f moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and •40 Eighth : st. ; ; telephone South 2">o.
WHEN I you become " disgusted ■ with ' poor work
send to " SPAULDING'S - Pioneer • Carpet-
.. beating Works, 353-57- Tehama at. ; tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. •■; Carpet-cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson , st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS . cleaned at 3c per yard : relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 914.
J. E. J MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
r- st. ; cleaning 3c , yard; . tel. Mission 74. -. > ;
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating i Works. 833 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. »■ :
-, -.-■-■:.' ! "^" ■■>■*<: -yrr ■ - ■:' ;■■ - :.-
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION!!! ~~~
Know ' Thy Fate. '. -
YOUR DESTINY FORETOLD.
BY—- . -
The Prince of • Prophets,
PROF. H. ROMAINE,
, The Oriental ; Seer, • •
LATE OF INDIA,
The
World's \
Greatest
CLAIRVOYANT \
 And Exponent of
The Occult Sciences.
■«
THE ACKNOWLEDGED MASTBt
Rivals He Has None. . - * i
Many Strive In • Vain to Imitat*" ■■'..'
ROMAINE LEADS OTHERS • FOLLOW.
All His Patrons Are Delighted
And Pronounce His Work -..;_
UNAPPROACHABLE.
Prof. Romalne's claims to superiority are based
upon overwhelming evidence. . So extra-
traordlnary are his marvelous l tests ' of
the wonders and powers of elalr-
voyancy that they must' be
witnessed to be . , ■
believed.
In order to quickly Introduce his work In this
city and give all an opportunity to test
his powers, he will. reduce all . . .
fees for one week.
A $2 READING FOR $L \
A $2 READING FOR $L
He calls you by name.
Tells names of . your friends.
Tells you what you called for. .
Tells all about your business affairs.
All about your love and domestic affairs.
Causes speedy marriages.
Reunites the separated in seven days. '
Locates burled, treasure in .five days. •
Locates mines and valuable ores.
Recovers old estates arid valuable papers. ■
Removes evil influences, bad habits, etc.
Gives good luck in all your undertakings.
Guarantees Success
In any 'of the above Work
Or Money Refunded. ■ ■ .
Being a Master. He Never Fails.
"There Is a Tide
In the Affairs . of Men, . • '
Which, Taken at the Flood.
Leads On to Fortune."
There Is a Key Which Unlocks the Door
To a Successful Life. There Is a Dawn of
I A New Age and Era for You. Let Every Living
j Mortal— young or old— fact, every ' lady and
gentleman— or married— who are dis-
contented,' ' unhappy, or - not • ' satisfied in
life, stop, think and reflect — Upon What Does
Success Depend? — It Is that some peo-
• pie seem to succeed In everything they under-
take? While thousands' of : apparently Intel-
ligent and deserving persons fall in every-
thing they attempt to do?'. Others have risen
■ from want and mediocrity i to ■ wealth' and
eminence. Many who once bemoaned' their
most unhappy fate have, ;by ( a , peculiar
unexpected and mysterious means discovered
the path that leads to success' and prosperity.
Why is this? Did you ever stop to think that
there might be some force upon which every-
one's success depends? Listen! It Is the prin-
ciple of life. The Psychological or Magnetic
power possessed by few, • and yet within the
reach of all. The one great element In na-
ture which is the fountain head of all exis-
tence. One of Its many principles consists In
mind Attracting mind, by its volition, aided j
by the magnetism of the system any one pos-
sessing this Psychological, power can cause
■ others to receive any impressions of esteem,
love, awe, confidence or respect; they can do
more in business ." transactions, sales, deals,
speculations, gaining friends and obtaining
favors than the combined efforts ~of ■ a dozen
persons who use only argument ■ and oblig-
ing manners. Some persons are gifted by
nature with strong Psychological powers,
hence ! their phenomenal ' success. The -'only
people who have ever been able to solve • the
problem of generating this .power . so : that
any ' one may 'use it are the Mahatmas
of India. Prof. H. Romaine. late of India,
known the world over, as the "White Ma-
hatma." is one of. the favored few whom
circumstances has enabled to secure . this
knowledge. He holds flattering - testimonials
from prominent residents of this ; city, and
indorsements from eminent people and the
press from' all parts of ;' the world, which are
proof positive of his ability and sincerity of
purpose.
If you are unsuccessful . or wish '• to - better
your condition in life he
can help [ you. , .
All business sacredly confidential.
Satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Letters inclosing stamp answered. Hours,
10 A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays 10 to 3.
OFFICES,
1206.... MARKET STREET.... 1206 -
(Suite 104.)
(Cut this notice out and save for future refer-
ence; it appears to-day only.)
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
' nose diseases and treat with .revealed reme-
dies which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 StocKton st. ■ .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, and
: ■ card reader: born with double veil and second,
sight • diagnoses disease ; . full ' life reading; la,
50c, gents $1 ; palm. andclalr. sit. sl 50. 126 Turk.
I RETURNED— Mrs.' E. C. 'Patterson, formerly
51 Fifth st. : psychometrlst and seer. 139
Seventh St., near Mission.
MME HANSON, palmist,; card ' reader; past,
present and future; 25c 148 Sixth St.. room 10.
MRS ANGUS, clairvoyant, card-reading and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 324 V, 7th st. j
I MME WALTERS, the great card reader; ladles j
■ 25c; gents 50c. 951 Mission- St., near Sixth.
MM! MOREAU,- best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
i MME. VENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up.'., 6 Fourth st.
1 MRS. DR. RAMONDI: your : fortune told by
chlrosraphy. 11 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room' 2.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
, 10c; ladles only. 23 Ash, ave. ; '..-' 
MME. SODA N, Scotch se'eress,' card reader, and
• palmist; from 9 to 8.. 619 Eddy st. ; ■; -•■'.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the A well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.; ..
MRS. ELLIS, • medium, 233 Valencia St.; read-
1 ings, $1; ■ clr. Tues., Fri., 2 p. ■-. m. ; Mon. 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212H s< * th 8t - '• ■■:;•■-•-
M FRANCES,' independent .' slate- writing me-
dlum. 118 Haight st. V ? - .'
i MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, '■>■ trance
1 test medium and life rea<V"-. 232 Stockton st.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
THE WORLD'S GREATEST MEDIUM
AND CLAIRVOYANT, IS LOCATED
PERMANENTLY IN SAN FRANCISCO.
PARLORS 25 AND 26,
1206 MARKET. OPPOSITE SIXTH.
RECOGNIZED BY THE PRESS,
MEDICAL FACULTY AND SCIENTISTS
GENERALLY AS THE FOREMOST
MEDIUM IN THIS COUNTRY.
SHE STANDS WITHOUT A RIVAL.
No matter what trouble you may have with
yourself or others, come and she will guide
you. She advises with a certainty by a higher
than human power, and should not be classed
with card readers, fortune tellers, palmists, as-
trologers and similar humbugs.
Many men with a business which ought to
make them rich struggle for years and merely
make a living. Many good and devoted women
who would have given half their lives for hus-
band, son or lover have had their entire lives
blighted. That these conditions are often con-
trolled by "OCCULT" innuences which can
be changed to others that work for good, both
financially and socially, has been known by a
few in every age.
The first ROTHSCHILD was constantly
gulded by clairvoyant influence, and many suc-
cessful Americans seek this advice regularly.
The clairvoyant gift is imparted to so few and
In such varying degrees that impostors abound
In every large city. Hence many educated per-
sons who secretly wish for its aid are sensitive
about seeking it. This timidity, though, is
rapidly disappearing among the better class of
San Francisco citizens.
THE GREATEST OF ALL TALISMANS,
THE MAOIC BELT.
A
charm
(also called .
a Talisman or
Amulet) possesses
the power to protect
Its possessor against any
evil and promote his luck,
happiness and health. This
power it obtains from its manufac-
turex, who from and through her su-
pernatural power transmits the same to the
talisman. A charm can be made for any pur-
pose. It may serve as a protector on a
Journey or at home, against accident or
'evil influence, which it destroys; It
may guide you safely through
any perilous enterprise, may
help you to complete your
business transactions,
profitably insuring
you against
loss , an d
thus as-
sist
you to acquire wealth. It may be of a mes-
meric character — drawing others" affections to-
ward you and thus securing for you friends
among strangers, and even converting enemies
into friends and bringing esteem, love and
friendship trom all.
IT MAY i'OS.SESS A HEALING POWER
AND CURE DISEASES BY ITS SIMPLE AP-
PLICATION.
That Mrs. Clark's revelations are most won-
dprful and of the highest order, and not
made to satisfy idle curiosity only but in-
tended .to give those who seek the truth
a permanent benefit, is acknowledged by all
who have seen her. Mrs. Clark while en-
tranced will reveal every hidden mystery
in life. Will give correct information of
sickness, death, absent friends, law suits,
divorces, stock speculations, etc. Recovers
lost
or stolen
property.
Locates bur-
led treasures and
minerals of all kinds.
Valuable advice to young
men on marriage and how to
choose a wife for happiness, and
what business best adapted for
speedy riches. Also gives indispensable
advice to young ladies on love, courtship
and marriage, with age. name and description
of future husband. Nothing in life is too
obßcure for. her to reveal; thoroughly
understands how u> prepare and
work the famous magic and
mesmeric talisman, as pre-
pared and practiced by
the Buddhists. Hin-
doos and wizards
of the Orient.
These magic
t a 1 ls-
mane.
when worn with her instructions and accom-
panied by her powerful work, are guaranteed
to give good luck and (success In business, lot-
tery, speculation, races and all games of
chances In which success is dependent upon
luck, and Insure success in law suits; they re-
move evil influences,- cure ba<i habits, witchery,
fits and long-standing and mysterious diseases
which have, baffled the physician's skill. The
mesmeric talismans are guaranteed to restore
lost affections, . cause speedy and happy mar-
riage with the one you love. and ! cause your
bitterest enemies . to become your dearest
friends. You have no enemies, hufe-flrou are loved
by all while you carry the mesmeric talisman.
Husbands who have been drawn from their
wives by the stronger influences of other
women, or wives who have left their husbands,
will be reunited by this talisman of love. Hus-
bands or parents who have been addicted to
strong drink or have been cruel to their wives
or -children will be made temperate, kind and
loving by this mysterious charm; and girls
whose lovers have sought other faces will be
happily reunited by the same strange power.
If you have lost faith and given up to de-
spair because of former failures, take courage
now and call on Mrs. Dr. Clark without delay.
Conviction will be sure, and happiness and suc-
cess follow.
ALL BUSINESS SACRED AND CONFIDEN-
TIAL.
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
BY MAIL SEND STAMP FOR CIRCULAR
W r ITH SPECIAL TERMS.
PARLORS 25 AND 26,
1206 MARKET. OPPOSITE SIXTH,
OFFICE HOURS, 10 A. M. TO 5 P. M.
TAKE ELEVATOR,
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A 8 we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for atl cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for J3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER .--. CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'FarrMl st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
CLEARANCE sale— To make room for car-
loads coming we will sell a large lot of
new and second-hand pianos cheap for cash.
Time sales on easy terms. The J. Dewing
Company. 12 Flood building.
MARSHALL & WENDELL. $75; C. Hall.
$100; Bradbury. $130; Neuman. $145; Sterling.
$185; Estey, $190; guaranteed: easy payments
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chickering agents,
16 O'Farrell st.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
I art making room for fresh stock.
[ WE invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 < eary St..
' corner Grant aye. ; Connover agents.
BOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post Bt.
WANTED— A B-flat slide trombone; must be
cheap. Address R. J. WELLS. Sausalito.
GOOD upright, very cheap. SCHMITZ. 115
Stockton st.. between O'FarTell and Geary.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT: $5 installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights. $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. IJ6 Ellis st.
A~GOOD upright vpry cheap. 16 McAllister St..
next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER * CHASE. '3O O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLKR. maker, repairer, i Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for~s~ eents-The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
BICYCLES.
810 sacriflcV^second-hand bicycles; first como,
first rerved. J. HOLLE, 20th and Folsom ate.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Co'ntinped- *^|
• OMAR " OMAR OMAR
Clairvoyant Clairvoyant.
: PROF. M. OMAR,
THE OCCULT WONDER.
Always See the Best.
EDDY— 32S
This advertisement and $1 . will entitle yott
to a $2 reading. Cut this out.
YOUR LIFE.
tour happiness,
TOUR future prospects ;
and '
EVERYTHING YOU WILL. DO "
EVERYTHING YOU HAVE DONE [
and
EVERYTHING YOU ARE DOING NOW
ANYTHING YOU°W ANT TO KNOW
Will be truthfully, and correctly told you
THE WORLD'S GREATEST SCIENTIFIC
in LIFE READER.
Prof. M. Omar, psychometrist. test and busi-
ness medium and clairvoyant, being thoroughly
conversant with the occult sciences.
HIS-MARVELOUS-TEST.
Gives - full name of sweethearts, friend* or
husband,
no equal'on^earth
NO EQUAL ON EARTH
in his profession.  . «
OMAR OMAR— -OMAR.
HIS PREDICTIONS ARE ALWAYS COR-
RECT
and
NEVER FAIL TO COME TRUE.
as thousands of people in every land will tes-
tify. Including many of the nobility of Europe,
the press, the clergy, the scientists, doctors,
lawyers professors and many prominent peo-
ple, but he refers not to distant lands or for-
eign cities for testimonials, but to YOUR OWN
CITIZENS, who have had a consultation with
him. ASK ' THEM. PLEASE or call and see
the ■ hundreds of testimonials he has from cus-
°As "a TEST of his natural born and acquired
talents. . • . :
Calls you by your full name.
A ' SECRET ow 'OU o^ RO i NOW - THE .
Tells you how to be successful in your under-
takings and all th ? pertaining to life.
CONCERNING BUSINESS AFFAIRS.
Gives never falling information regarding all
kinds of' business,, lawsuits, -claims, collections,
investments, speculations, changes, wills, pen-
sions. Insurance, deeds, mortgages, mines pat-
ents, inventions and all financial difficulties,
recovers, old estates, etc.
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelations of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, family difficulties and di-
vorecs. restores- lost affection, reunites the sep-
arated, settles lovers' quarrels, tells how to
marry the one of your choice; gives name of
the one you will marry and date of marriage;
how to win the man or woman you love; how
to make your husband or wife or any one he
kind and true to you and overpower all your
enemies or anybody.
ASSISTANCE FOR TROUBLED OR UNFOR-
TUNATE.
If you are in trouble of any kind, discon-
tented, unhappy, or not satisfied in life, or
have ■ domestic ' or love or business troubles,
you will be told
. . - How to overcome all trouble.
Full names.
HOW TO HAVE YOUR WANTS AND
WISHES SATISFIED. HOW TO OBTAIN
YOUR OBJECT IN LIFE, OH YOUR
HEART'S DESIRE. Hmv to live contented
and happy the rest of your life'and be lucky
and fortunate. How to obtain the money you
want and
WHAT YOU ARE BEST ADAPTED FOR.
Does everything seem to go wrong, and HAS
FORTUNE NEVER SMILED ON YOU? HAS
YOUR LIFE BEEN FULL OF "UPS AND
DOWNS?" Do not despair, as you can yet
learn the true road to success and happiness,
as both await you if you only know HOW,
WHEN and WHERE to find them; all can be
told you WITHOUT ASKING A SINGLE
QUESTION.
HOW TO CONTROL OTHERS.
Your friends, enemies, loved ones, husband,
wife or any one.
Instructions given on PERSONAL MAGNET-
ISM. It gives one a DOUBLE POWER. It
enables a man or woman to exert a strong In-
fluence over other men and women, while It
gives one the power of resistance against their
Influence.
In a word, whatever may be yonr trouble,
suspicion, or desire, call on this gifted man
and he will point out s.nd show you how to
overcome all obstacles that keep you from hap-
piness and succpss.
Letters containing four questions and $1
answered.
Cut This Out
It Will Not Appear AgalD-
325— EDDY— 32S
Permanently Located— Private Residence.
Separate Parlors for Ladies and Gentlemen.
All Business Sacredly Confidential.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER: readings daily at resl-
dence, 353 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM
DEMONSTRATORS of staturallsm— Tuesday
evening, August 16. sick healed free; every-
body welcome. College Therapeutics, 305 Lar-
kin M.
MEDICAL.
PR JOSSELYN. the great specialist, removed
to 865^4 Market st., opp. Powell; chronic and
private diseases, lost manhood, female trou-
bles, irregularities, especial attention; with a
mind matured and enriched by studies of an
advanced order and 55 years' practice (45 years
In this city), enables him to warrant a per-
fect cure in all cases; his female monthly
remedies are safe and never fall; consulta-
tions free; letters promptly attended to. J.
H. JOSSELYN, M. D.. 865\4 Market St.. S. F.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Dav'.es.
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any diseases or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief.
though else fall: deltcacy. privacy, home,
etc • babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
st. ; pills. $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed'
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects"' taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DR WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital. N. V. :
offices, Hackmeier Hotel. 123 Eddy st. ; hours
9 to 11, 2 to 5 and 6 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained in all cases: consultation free.
X TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (f-om whatever cause)
in r few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once: home In confine-
ment- every case guaranteed: consultation
free and confidential; self-cure, $5; pills. $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk Bt.. near Jones.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments used: restores in one day without fail:
every woman her own physician: away dis-
grace- consultation free: can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1; cure $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal PUls
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chiehester Chemical Co., Phila.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price
$1 nr; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: nh danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
can find gocfl home «fc treatment by Mrs. Karr,
2514 Fulton Ft. ; McAllister car passes house.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; home In confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 3S years" experience. 254 H Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 1228 Market St., diseases of women
and children.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewritten sold and rented: few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Collgraph. $15; Yost, $25;
get sample -work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery..' • . ■ CITY REAL ESTATE.
G. Hi UMUSKN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
■".'■'■, 14 Montgomery st.
" '. a Real BARGAIN IN TWO flats.
.• . $5350- Page st.; •> fine modem- flats of 6 and
.5 rcVme and bath each; rents $55S per annum;
• 15x137:6: this is one of the best paying invest-
.;• ri'ci)ia" for sale; price has been greatly reduced.
.•: '. ANOTHER QOOD INVESTMENT.
•-.'< . VVestern Addition; 4 flats; rents $42 per
enfonth; 25x90; good renting .locality; street ac-
•-.cep.ted; this i»-.a bargain.- :
' WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE— EASY
■ " . TERM&
— A -mall amount cash, the. balance same
-.as -rent; nice 2-story bay-window residence of
"•■ S rooms and bath, .etc. ; 
'.' ' '■' • • MISSION WARM BELT.
•: ■ .s39oo— No reasonable offer refused; 3 fiats;
•.rents 188 50; stable for 8 horses; 25x115; only
. ha:lf • a block from Market and Sanchez sts. ;
■•.wBl-refuse.no reasonable. offer; about to leave
■. fol- JSurope.
; • RICHMOND FLATS— VERY CHEAP.
*• ■ $2600-^^ small amount cash; . mortgage of
• ' 52200; which can remain ; 2 flats of 5 and 4 rooms
. "and bath each; rents $20; 25x120; handy to -4
'.."lines -of .cars. ....
-.-• ' • . ••• A MISSION FLATS.
-....;. $2300— Near Castro and Twenty-fourth sts. car
..'■l' lies; rents $324 per annum. 2 substantial Hats
•of 5 - arid 4 rooms and bath each; brick founda-
. tloni £5x114. ..•;;
■: . . ■ A CHEAP MISSION HOME.
•"* * '—Bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
, bath.- etc. ; in ?ood condition; nice location; 25x
-.■■/ rents $''04 per annum.
: :•;•."-: A SNAI"— CHEAP.
.s.ie.-0— Has been asking $2000; price reduced to
■'• make immediate sule; - flats; rents $18; street
'•'. accepted; stone sidewalks.
' EXCHANGE— A VERY CHEAP COTTAGE.
•■ • $1460— Harrison st.; cozy cottage of 4 rooms;
• [28x100; will trade for larger place In the city,
• paying balance In cash.
■'•:." CHEAP MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
• /siiS'.'— "iVlthin 200 feet of Mlssion-st. electric
■' .cars.; nicely situated for store and flats; 33x119.
'.' ';• " A CHEAP RICHMOND LOT.
. ; .s7so— Seventh a\>e.; 2ix114. '•
■ Call and obtain one of our "Real "Estate
:- Records," which contains a list of properties
■j.h all parts of the city for sale.
I' .- ""* G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
.'•. " 14 Montgomery st.
''•HOOKER & LENT
. 14 POST STREET
; ".;... ;.... REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
■"■^•..:.... RICHMOND CORNER LOT j
= •-. ••J9DO' only— Choice corner lot, inside of 14th
■..■.a-ve.';. north of Ponit Lobos; size 40x72; open for ,
.a few days only.
' .■..;.*.'... CORNER RESIDENCE LOT |
• . ■ $4230— Worth $2000: must be sold to close es-
• rote; corner lot, '33x87:6; only one block from
j Haight and Devisadero; elegant view of city.
: a\". . : . . ... $1100 -CASH THIS WEEK.' '.'. :
j .Owner leaving town; must sell: 2 large flats
i : on ; *Sh6twell "st.; warm belt of Mission; large
.'•la* to rear- street, 2Sxll0; $2000 bank mortgage
r. <an remain. This property is worth $4000.
' ■'•JlrO^'To clotee' an estate; 2 cottages on York
•:Vt... with lot r:6xl2S; worth $1000 more than
..''.ajs.kfng price.
... '_ Js"i>to— Presidio Heights; cost $S0O0: modern
•'• East lake; 2-story attic and basement residence,
■"on.iy 4* years old; every convenience throughout;
: •"marine view; choice 'location; sold on account
■ of .foreclosure:; A groat bargain. '
• .*.•.*..-... SIXTH STREET PROPERTY. ....
-.-' SrW^.Vo'. 42? op Sixth St., near Harrison; lot
-. ffmi Improvemenla . 25x160 to rear st. We would
"'like to have an offer.
■.'..'.-.'.'. MISSION BUSINESS CORNER. I
. '$4.v50-"- To be' sold at once; price greatly re-
"ducvd; corner, store (grocery), with living rooms
* and 'flat above; near Valencia and 17th-sts. r ;
■ -.stsrip — Cheap, down-town : home, near.Broad-
way -anu Taylor streets; nice little home of 6* ;
.In'oma. We can arrange tor a small cash pay-;
' eat! / .■•. ■.'.■::--
. r.. };..'... BUSH STREET COTTAGE. ..........
* ■-. ff.i.VT^Bank mcrtgage ?2000 can remain; modern
■•hoy^e.'S rooms and .■':■.; Bunny side; lot 25x100,
-• -V*. ...'.?4;i"«>— 3TEINER. NEAR O'FARRELL
■* : •••.'Firii' 'house: street bituminized; an offer want-
"cd.;. owner must sell: worth Investigating.
,-".;., ....... *$;-2.-0— NTS $40 A MONTH
•"■N-eaf Third and Folsom: Income-paying prop-
■s'rt.'.;: always rented; pays 3 times better than
•;i/anV. - Interest.-
' »•.... .INSIDE LOT FOR 3 FLATS
; • ," ftSOOr-Submlt reasonable offer: large lot 34x
■•' K7.-'"- sMit.'ili!e for erection at a 3-flat house; ex-
•'wilfnt rents in this location; near corner of |
"Washington and Leavenworth. "
■ ... ft. Panhandle lot: $800 cash: .SI.V» can
■ .feiTKiin- r>n»- morttra«re: cheapest building lot,
—With street work ail dtrmv in this district.
.*.•'..,..■'. PACIFIC STREET CORNER j
. . :^42:.o— :xe. corner Pacific and Jones ■ streets;
".4%-x''J; . cottages. Investigate this.
■"...;.,■ MISSION-COTTAGE \
' -fSS0 -only^C'ottage, 4 rooms; half block from i
' .Mi?s*on st. cars; lot 50x70_; street work done; '.
't=rri,ali first cash payment; balance easy.
-.-A- ROOM and bath cottage, Just finished, In-
*.*cliKlinß lot; street graded arid sewered; only
.".. ! Sis monthly; close to car line. JACOB HEY-
{•XIAN, 11 Montgomery st.
RICHMOND lots— 2 fine level building lots;
. '.-".>x120 each; $10 monthly; . cheap. JACOB
•- . HETMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
•$lOO -^ LOT? in Sunset District, Golden Gate
■ Park, on $S monthly payments. JACOB HEY-"
' .'MAN. 31 Montgomery st. . '
,•'"l5 HtNE level lots; only 3 blocks from Pan Ma-
" • teo -ejectric ears; just the thing for a chicken
.■- ranch; on easy monthly payments. JACOB
'■"•.■HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.- ■-■; v. •
':■■ ' . A AND B HAVE A TALK.
..' .(1) A said: "I pay (2) li relied: "Buy
$25 .rent •& month for a borne the same way
•'.-my house. It's not i did. I bought a j
: 'the kind of a house 1 new house (with bath
r tike, but I flon't know and basement) on the
where lean do better. Heyman Tract, paying I
.'The landlord collects for it with my • rent !
the rent very promptly money. ■
'.' cioifh" month. * I've been "-l;iey charge i 7 per
'" paying' tent for yparp 'ent, but it Is' in-
. arid' what have I to eluded in the monthly
.'show for It? Sickness- payment. In my case
i*n the family or any the interest averages
misfortune: would' soon .'6 40 a rtn.rit' •• You
take my 'small say- might call that rent. !
iOKs. ' and then" we for the rest' of the $25 |
wo"Uld have/ to ,move — ($lB 60) goes as in- !
"; 'wh^re. ' : : to, "' I .don't vestment.' All of A's |
I am getting $29- a month goes for
"••Ur?d of. 'this kind of rent. I r>aid $300 to ;
,- life and' wish t could begin, with, and that ,
own .-i home; But what Is really" all . my home.
•• can .I. Co? I. haven't will cost. '.mc."
:. the. money. 'to' buy; .my . 
Income It small, and I, "■".•■
have -^'e,i but Jittle."';
- THE 4 HEYMAN TRACT and Its homes can j
"be seen by taking M.lsslon-st. cars, transfer- J
• ring at' 22d j?t.. and riding .to Hoffman aye.
. .JAMKS A. COTTER, agent. .wJH. show- you
.around.,- JACOB itKVM.W, 11 Montgomery st.
;. OV F. V ON~RHEIN" & CO. ; V . '
'... Returned from temporary offices to 613. Call-
.f'orr.. St. ..-!..,. . .-'..,'..
IMPROVED.
$12. 00i>— Gorner Leavenworth and Greenwich;
: 137:0x137:6, -with house. , --- •- ' .«■«
* S"il.OOO— Cor. Dupont and Hlnckley; 20x57:6;
- store and -lodging-house; rents $86. - ...
•■' yeSOO-Ellls.'nr. Buchanan; 25:9x60; flats; rents
•$55 5a ' ■ ■ > . j • ' : • ■■
, %f,iV)— Broadway, nr: Kearny; 20x77:6...
•$:,r,00- Cor... Bryant and Zoe; 35x97 *
... $wC<(— California, near Baker; 25x77:7%; 2
• (In!.-: "rents %-i- 50. -,i - -'■''• .' '?
- lioOO— Page, nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
' .rooma and bath. . ' ' • •• ' «■* ' '
. • J4.'f«r-Gre<?n,- near Powell; 21:3x69:9;.- flats:
. n»nts $3*l. - .-;■ ■ .-. :■ ■- '•• • *'■•
."' $l. r Of>-Fnbr-rt, . nr. Taylor; 20x60; rent $46.
. $42(>0— Shotweil, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.: j
.-= J4l.HJo— 44th aye, nr. Point Lobos; .50x120; worth i
XSOOO
' $i'w--3d aye., nr. Clement st.; 25x120; cottage,
•' -$2000— 2Sth. nr. Sanchez; 25:8x114; cottage.
: • $1700' Bernard, nr. Jones; 23xC0; cottage and
'stable. ■ ' ■ . • • }-:■«
. ■ -. - UNIMPROVED. - -
■ -.s2:.o(i— Rteirier/ nr.' Oak; 25x100.
: ■•$J4'X 1 -i-Filbert, nr. Varehhes; 17:6xr>7:6; cheap. •
.■s}■:<)<!— Fair Oaks. nr. 2Cth; 20x125.
.'.■Hcott. ur. Washington; 25x115.
• fJT.th an l Ca.pp; 32:6x110. ' ' •
.••2:.SI2fV; Uoyec and Rose aye.; 3 lots.
.. ISxIC; 13th. nr. Stevenson; 2 lots,
. 2*1x1(10; A'Hlvncla,' bet.' 18th and 14th; i lots.
• $1100— Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90. -
FORCED SaLE~
OR
oriCK LOAN.
•'■.•*■"• ■ Seventeenth 'st., near Valencia. '
Lot-6 r /xlls. with double cottage; smooth street; I
'nice neighborhood ; Fun all ay: mortgage of !
. $3. r ,OO caU' remain: must.be sold this week; make \
an. offer: price ?C.*.00; loan wanted $4300. Apply to
- JULIEN SMITH,
: -.Real Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery st.
JllOtf AT $10 a' month; . bay-window cottage;
• ->ta!uo -and lot; street work complete. Box
. 4632, Call. ■ . ,
BAY-WINDOW cottage; 5 rooms; -25x100 lot;
>i. Mary iaw ; Mission cars; $ia00( at
.- ffrocerj'); easy terms. 413 Kearny.
•sJ6o<i— A SNAP: must be sold at once; lot 25x118; •
. ->,n HaiKht st., near DevJsadero: street ac-
" "cepted;i sidewalk and. bulkhead complete. J -
..;.■«.".' WRIGHT ■'■ CO., 630 Market st. •
'■■ I;-!: «ale— New, up-to-date, handsome, cozy
r 'rhoinoft near Pork and Affiliated Colleges i
■large lots; fine locality: low prices; easy ',
°* terms. . .!. STJERLEN, owner, on premises, i
" 478 -and 4>-2 Frederick St., near Stanyan.
J2OOO — ONG-SIXTH cash, balance small '
■monthly payments; 4 rooms and bath cottage i
•finished 'complete 1 with every' modern conve-
nience; lot 255.U.4. on Twentieth st., near Castro.
'■ $8600— 1500 CASH, balance Installments: a
' large -G-room, 2-story house with .high finished
'basement; highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
street' accepted; choice location. Castro St..
near Twentieth. - F. NELSON. 709 Castro st.
CITY REAL, ESTATE. '.-.*',
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
■ Established 1858.' 626 Market st.
M'.iet sell to close an estate — An elegant in-
I side property on .Pine st., bet. Larkin and
Polk; 25x137:6; two buildings;- only $5500 asked.
$7500— McAllister St., n^ar Flllmore; two large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100. . ;
;sSooO— Washington st., near Webster;' 9 rooms
and bath; lot 2Sxl2s.
Must be — Two fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
rents very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-flrst st., near Va-
lencia;- rents $35 per month; lot 22x90."
Cozy new cottage; Tremont aye., near Fred-
erick st. : 5 rooms and bath, with all latest
conveniences; only $3000; terms to suit.
$2900— Twenty-fifth- St.. near Sanchez: 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
I Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114*
Cottage and Jot; Duncan 5t.,,. near
Church; 4 rooms' and stable; 25x114. ■ .
Webster st., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x!54:6.
$3500— cottages; Chattanooga . St., near
; Twenty-third.; 32:6x117:6.
$2500— I* tali St., near Sixteenth; 6 rooms and
! lot 25x100. - . ■ . „ .-..
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
. Corner on Halght and Octavla 1 sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per: cent. • . ,'• .'
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7. . v
50 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut: $6000;
137:6x137:6. . . .......
$2300— Haight st., near Devisadero; an . ele-
gant building lot, 25x110.. :'
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth;- 52x100.
$2760— Clay St.. near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— Cole St., near Waller; 25x125.
$4000— Ritch St.. near Third and Folsom; two
lots; 60x80; cheap.
$2600— Page, near Devisadero; 25x137:6.
$1750— Union St.. near Webster; 25x100.
$1500— -Turk st., corner Central aye.; 27:6x110.
$1250— Sixteenth ■*•• near Castro; 25x100.
Seventh aye., near J St.; 2, .x120.
$1800— North side. Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye. ; 25x110. i
$1000— Jersey st., near Noe; 25x114.
California, near Second aye.: 25x100; $SOO.
«00— Valparaiso, near Filbert & Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
I  ..-
FINELY IMPROVED CORNER .
In the Western Addition; rents $120 monthly;
' large lot; price $15,000, • ' "
RESIDENCE ON WEBSTER,
Near California— 7 rooms and 'bath; fine neigh-
borhood; a pleasant comfortable home.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. FLATS.
Very cheap; good flats; 4 and 5 rooms; rent
for $37 monthly; owner must sell; price $4000.
$5500— RENTS $57 50.
Four fine new modern flats south of Market
st. r 4 rooms and bath each; a bargain; Al
tenants. *• ■ ■ . * ■>• ■■• - '•'
I ' CHEAP 'LOTS! CHEA? LOTS!!
i $5«50— W. A.; fine for flats.
$5000 — 42:6x106; Pacific Heights; marine view.
$4000—55x137:6; Pacific Heights; marine view.
$3600— 30:6x160— Sutter St.; fine lot.
$3100— 30x100;. Pacific Heights; view;
j $3000— Scott' and McAllister; cheap lots. '
$2500— 27x75; Post, near' Sterner.
i -'$2000—25x127:8; Presidio "Heights; view.
J1575— 1 25x95:6;- Dolores, 'near' 21st. "•••'
j 1 $1500—55x114; 25th," near Noe." '
: "$1200—25x137:6; Vallejo, near Broderlck; view.
! $120i)— .7 :CxlOC; Lombaru", near Octavla.
i $760—25x100; California, near 12th aye. ;. :
! * $300—25x100; California, near 1 ' 22d aye.'
I 62x120; 31st aye.', near Point Lobos aye.
McAF E. E BROTHERS.
McA F E X B R OTHERS,
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site Nevada Bank', will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
$65,000— Splendid property on Market St., one
and a half blocks from the Baldwin.
$12,060, formerly $15,000— Haight st., east cf
! Fillmore, three fine bay-window 2-story houses,
and lot 55x137:6 feet; very cheap.
$4300, reduced from $5500— A fine 2-story bay-
window house and. lot 25x100, in the heart of
the Mission.
$4250— A beautiful c'ottag* of 6 rooms and all
modern Improvements; fronting on Park Pan-
handle, near. Lynn st. : 25x110."
$25,000, formerly $38,000— A very prominent
corner yielding now 8, per cent, and will surely
go up to $60,000. . ' ;
$3000— Fine 2-story ., house In Western Ad-
dition:-.- . -—.'■.. ■ ■ 1 „■
$0000, "formerly $13,000— Ninth, st., near Mis-
sion;, must be sold: only $4000 cash.: wanted.
$17 000— An undivided, half of lot 125x105 feet,
covered with buildings yielding good rent, on
-Mission street, near Sixteenth.
$2100— Fine new cottage at the Mission.
■ $8000. formerly $9000— Rent $70; four fine flats;
Western Addition; lot 49x80- ■^ rT .^, '
. IN -THE HEART OF TOWN,
i $42,500— Taylor St., near . Market; large lot;
well Improved : stores and flats. ■ „*;„.,
• BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
■ $16.000— Rent $160: a two-corner house of 42
rooms and 6 baths.
$5780-^-Rent $60; four flats on Geary St.; lot
" "tsßwi— Rent $47; store and two flats; Geary st.
$2400— Rent $25: a double flat, 5 rooms below
and 6 rooms upstairs. . •
530,000— Rent $260; stores ai.J flats: never
vacant. • . : i _ ,
$56.000-MISSION-ST. "BUSINESS PROPERTY
SOxlCO; close to 6th st. ; a rare chance, must
sell. '
f27 f/,_CHEAP RESIDENCE.'
rvtavia. near Pacific aye.: targe lot, 25x120
and house 8 rooms and hath; this is a bargain.
CALIFORNIA ST..
Near Larkin; 2 houses .of 6 rooms and bath;
double lot; offer wanted. .
RENT $55.
Elegant new sunny flats; north side of Ellis. <
$SROO— ALMOST NEW FLATS
In finest location W. A.; built by day work 9
months ago': rent $65; must sell this week.
BURNHAM & MARSH COMPANY.
• 20 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT three-flat house; Panhandle; new-
est Improvements: good paying; rent cheap.
Address P. H-. box 10, rail office. -
SOL GETZ & BROTHER • . • ;■• r i -
ROOM A, First i loor.
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! " 3 PROFITS LATER!
$100. $150 to $250: level building lots near
Mission-street electric cars: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS - ITS!
$400, $450 to $850; officially graded; superb
..view; $25 down, $10. monthly.
. SOL GETZ &, BROTHER. _
$400, $450 to $750; choicest Richmond ' building
lots;: street graded and sewered: $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
'■ Call for Maps and Diagrams. *
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
'• • ' Room A, Crocker 'building.
I C. C. BEMIS. *
: " REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
_ 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
* - . FOR SALE.
■ Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road.-
— Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet, r . •-..-.
1 $6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. ■'.
■ ■ 60-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots, north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
et.: 109x95 feet. . - . ...
PLANS, specifications,, etc., submitted for' any
Kind of bldg. W. Rednall. bldr.. 1326 Hayes.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LARGE sums to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city, or country) for a fixed term, or re- i
' deemable .by installments at exceptionally low
rates of Interest. ...
Special terms quoted, for loans on life poll- ;
cies. Interests under wills, & 2d & 3d mrtgs. !
Promissory notes discounted and all finan- j
cial business transacted. - ;
R. GOULD. 131 Montgomery st.
LOANS' on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commlsji'on; no delays. • J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone, South 14. - •
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry' at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market »t.; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES' on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
' moval; low rates: no commission; $55 up;
' private party. BONNF.LLI. 130 Powell. ;t.
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate; 2d
1 and 3d ' mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. "McCOLGAN.' 24 Montgomery.' rm. 3.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos .without
removal. 205 ' Examiner building. *
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
' Mates a 'Specialty.- MURPHY;. <:3<> Market st.
oN piano*, furniture; no removal;' lowest rates;
no commission:: private. 118 McAllister st.
$60 TO $60,000: lowest- rate"" l"t and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery Et.
THE SAJS FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
" CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE BY ORDER OF MORTGAGEE—
O"FAKRELL ST., NEAR OOTAVIA.
$7500— A nice modern home; contains 10.
rooms, bath, etc.; extra large lot; runs through
to rear street. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$7500— Mission st. ; large lot, 35x130; new im-
provements, conflating of store and Hats, 6 and
7 rooms; all rented for $65.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A BIG PIECE OF LAND-COMMANDS A
PANORAMIC MARINE ..VIEW.
$7500— Corner of Larkin and Chestnut sts; size
137:6x137:6; close to. town; must be sold; one
block to Hdye st. cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
MAKE AN OFFER.
FUlmore-street business property, $16,500;
stores and flats; on best part of the street; lot
50 feet front: pays over 9 per cent.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery »t.
BIG INTEREST.
$2300— Rent $30: Shipley st., near Fourth; 3
flats, 4 rooms each; make offer.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St. .
BRAND NEW FLATS, JUST FINISHED.
$6500 — Rent $60; handsome new flats of 6 and
7 rooms, bath, etc.. on Page St., near Octavla;
good renting property, close to town.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— s3ooo; rent $32; lQt 25x120; Fourth aye., near
Clement St.; two' good flats of 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
PRICE, $27,500— RENT, $222.
Splendid improvements; stores and flats;'
large corner; two prominent I'streets1 ' streets in the
Western Addition.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,' 10 Montgomery st.
A — $22,000; Geary, ; near Jones; good three-story
building, under secured lease, which has 21, i2 l ,i
years to run; large lot; rent $175.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
BIGGEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED.
$1300 — New cottage of 6 rooms and bath; lot
50x100; In Holly Park tract, not far from Mis-
sion-street cars: mortgage of $700 can remain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
i HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION— GREAT
SACRIFICE.
— Foreclosure sale of a splendid modern
residence of 15 rooms, 2 baths, etc.; very com-
plete; large lot, 27:6x137; good marine view;
Green st., near Devisadero.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FORECLOSURE SALE— TERMS SAME AS
RENT.
$2600— Nice cottage near Twenty-third and
Church sts.: contains' s large rooms and bath;
extra large lot, 32:6x117 to alley; plenty of room
for a stable. '.■■... . .
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
$5 OR $10 per month will pay for a good build-
Ing lot 25x120 in Sunset District, south of
Golden Gate Park; prices from $50 upward;
take a ride on the new electric cars (that
take the place of the old steam dummy) and
get off nt Ninth aye.; we have a branch
office there and our agent will supply you
with marts, etc. Branch office open Sundays.
BALDWIN .<- HOWFLL. 10 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN &C. I '
David Bush, Manager, Country Department.
... 14 Montgomery st.
$16 per aCre — 900 acres first-class grain land,
with good .improvements, near Arbuckle, Co-
lusa Co.; will subdivide or will rent to a first-
class terant. .. .
Jl2 <".", per acre— Good grain and stock ranch of
80") acre.< near Na pa; good improvements and
easy, terms. ■ . - ' •'. '■>•:■■■■■■■ '
— 210 acres near Ben Lomond, Santa Cruz :
Co.; -66 acres in.-full-bearing copies, with a big
crop, balance grain, and .vegetable, land; with
good improvements "and Mock and tools.' '■ :
$3500^-10' acres' in- full-bearing 'orchard- at Los
Gntos: a good neighborhood; no buildings; part
cash and a barzain.
$200")- Gccd-payins fruit orchard of 24*4 acres
near Coif ax; with good ■ improvements and
stock and tools. .- ■•■■* . ; "v ■<■.".'■:
$6000— IS4 acres on - railroad and Russian
River; 20 acres of orchard; 8000 vines, all In
bearing; 60 acres in grain; good improvements;,
easy terms.
Come and see us if you want bargains.
FOR SALE— 80 acres . grain land in Contra
Costa County; $1000 cash and $2000 to stand
on mortgage, or exchange {or property. 1009
Mission st. ■
FOR SALE— Lot for home* 'In San Mateo
County. X , box 2, Call office.
MARIN County dairy ranches; sell or lease ; :
building lots and land by the acre In Ross
Valley. J. TUNSTEAD, San Rafael, Cal.
STOCK LANDS FOR SALE.
7200 acres. Fort Seward ranch, with or -with-
out 600 head' of stock cattle. ..-.'-■• ■ ■■ <.
2400 acres; Woodman ranch. -, .
6000 acres; Alder Point ranch.
All located on Eel River, Humboldt County;
banner stock county and ■ lands of California;
never falling water and wood; no droughts.
These ranches will be sold on terms to suit
purchasers. ', For full particulars write H. T.
FAIRBANKS, Petaluma. Cal.
ll'. FOR 10 acres; payable $10 a month, with-
' out Interest or taxes; fine valley laitd,' under
Irrigation canal " - railroad runs . through the
tract: fine fruit and farming land; only IS
tracts left; call "Immediately and secure one
before it Is too late. WESTERN LAND CO.,
640 Market Ft.
** i TV* iiti\ , i^tinn rr\r r-\ r\ v *r\ \ rn\r\
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOW to own your own home.
,At $15 per month I offer a cozy cottage of 4
large rooms for sale at the very low price of-
sl2.ii). Payments of $15 per .-month". include
principal and interest at 6 per cent. The
house Is all newly painted and papered and
. in fine condition. ' Street work all done and
stone walks are laid. A very nice piece of
property. Only 3 blocks from the local train
' in East Oakland. I ask $50 cash down, as Is
customary. This is a fine chance to get a
home Just like paying rent. Look It up at
once, as.lt positively must -be sold, -and if
..this don't suit I. have. -others that may some
' better and larger at higher prices. HUGH M.
CAMERON, 479 Ninth street, Oakland. • ' ;
THE RENT YOU PAY
, WILL BUY A HOME IN THE .
' ALVIN TRACT.
Think of it, new, modern 3-room cottages,
with high basement and lot 50x125,' for $550;
small, payment down and $(> 50 per .month; 4
cottages sold in the last month.
- "Take" Haywarda local 'train to Elmharst Sta-
. tion or Haywards electric cars ,to. Jones aye.;
free carriage meets electric cars to the Alvln
Tract" every half hour; only 45 minutes' ride
from San- Francisco- to- the Alvin , Tract. ...
A. T. BATTEN. Resident Agent . JACOB
HEYJIAN, Owner, 11 Montgomery st.
100x120 FOR $625; best lot (or the money .In
! .Oakland; only six minutes' walk to local
station only 30 minutes .to . San Francisco;
lot is worth to-day $1200: easy terms, but
must be sold. JAS S. NAISMITH, 464 Ninth
St., Oakland.
$390— FOR a 3-rbom cottage and three nlca
lots: $25 cash; monthly Installments to suit.
$75 — Lots In the Ailendaie Tract, East Oak-
land. $5 cash, to monthly on one or more lots.
3 electric car 'lines; '• fine school; city water;
grand boulevard near: 35 families now located; i
view location and soli unexcelled; building up :
rapidly: perfect drainage. Call or send for
circular, 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oak-
land. H. Z. JONES, owner. '
$1600, COST $2500; story-and-a-'salt new house; j
mortgage $1300; must be sold at once; $300 j
cash; fine neighborhood ; street macadamized,
etc. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
HANDSOME modern .home; Ju£t completed; 2-
BtorT, 7-room: modern In every particular;
completely finished and specially well built; j
lot 40x125; 3 minutes from local station, 30 I
minutes from San Francisco; one .of . the ■
choicest residence localities In Oakland; easy I
monthly payments,., HERON. £ HOLCOMB. I
JOfiO Broadway; ' " '"'■■'
NEW modern home: a bargain; must be sold; j
near Grove-st. electric cars; within city lim- |
Its'; " 10 rooms and bath ; cement basement j
nickel-plated open plumbing; al l modern con-
veniences; lot 50x120. Apply to owner at once,
810 Thirty-sixth St.. Oakland. l . '
J CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
'public: nr^r-rtv ln<?k»<l after, »14 Brnmlwn
.' OAKLAND HOUSES. ~~^~-
8 ROOMS, bath, stable, fruit: and one of 8
rooms,. . bath, attic, laundry, gas for cooking
■ and light, fine water; rent $15. Address WM. I
■STONE-, 1139 K. 19th St., nr. 23d aye.; Oakld. |
COTTAGE, large grounds;, good location. 441
Sherman »ye., near Thirty-sixth. y Telenraph-
avenue cars. ■?■ ■*.- • ■ ' • •■ . '
.A WEEK'S .news ; for- 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
: OAKLAND.- FUKNiSIIEb " UOlSiiS.
6 ROOMS completely furnished; ! central loca-
tion; very cheap: at $21 per month. Address
■XV. A. ■ C. box 10, Call office. •
OAKLAND lIOOMS AND UOAUD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet -neighborhood;
.near local trains. 1020 Adeline ajU, Oakland._
OAKLAND KUKMTURE : FOR 1 MALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh St. See him.
■ PH OPE II TV >VAXTED. ,
WANTED— SmaII cottage or unimproved ': lot In
Oakland, Alame.la or Berkeley; state lowest
•cash price: also paying-business, from $400' to
$&00. ■■■ Write particulars. Cash, box 6, Call Of-
■ 'flee, Oakland. ;: - ' ■
•• . .:■■'■ :•■:•:•■■ - - ' '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AXA3IKDA HEAL ESTATIC
HEP.E'S a bargain— House of 6 rooms, lot 40x
207:0; near station; good residence or business
location: good well water; pr'.os $1250; part
cash. Address A. F. ST. SURE, attorney,
City Hall, Alameda. __
WANTED— Alameda house and lot. In exchange
for fruit or grain ranch. Z., box 6, Call Of-
fice, Oakland. .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
.TOT LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $ISOO. $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain -4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished Up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
! Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 630 Market st.,
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday 1 ?.
8 ROOMS;. Iot 37x100 $I<W>
9 rooms; lot 100x145 7600
11 rooms: lot 70x160 MOO
7 rooms; lot 26x160 1»_
Lot 50x207 v ""
Lot 50x150 "-^
Send for our list of bargains in property
which must be sold on account of mortgage.
E. D. JCDD & 00.
1424 Park at., Alameda.
ATTENTION! • Fine property for sale cheap:
corner lot; 134 feet on Pacific aye. by 150 feet
on Schiller st.; tine property for a large
resilience, or if necessary could be subdivided;
3 h(.u«e.s on premises; 5 or 6 rooms each; all
rented. Apply to BEN ARIAL corner house.
$2100 WILL buy fine lot, with elegant "modern
6- room cottage built to order. Terms, J. H.
YOUNG. 124S Park st.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice house; 6 rooms and
bath; any terms. .___,,__
$2200— Lot .5x147: nice new -hingled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story: 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
$2Soo— Lot 42x150: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; UD-to-date.
$,1000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath ; new and modern.
Lot 100x145; eU ant corner lot, with » rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL A CO..
House? to l»t. 1432 Park st.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
ALAMEDA elegantly furnished residence; lease
or sale: photo at office BURNHAM-MARSH
CO.. 2n Montgomery st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— House and lot In Berkeley, near ■
University: cost $2500; mortgage $250: will
sell for $1500; easy terms. Address Mason's j
Candy Store, Berkeley. t ;
iniirvAu: real estate.
jscrwT — COTTAC.E of 3 rooms and bath, barn,
carriage-shed, hot house with choice flowers;
rood well, windmill and tank; lot 50x100; all
$460— Choice corner lot 100x105; worth $700; !
must be sold; cheapest lot In Frultvale.
$1200— House of '■> rooms ami bath, barn,
chicken houses, fruit trees; lot 100x105; all ,
fenced; 3 blocks from Frultvnle station.
$1400— -Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath.
7-foot. basement; cement foundation; large
chicken house; lot 50x140; sewerage and city
water complete: easy terms if desired.
H. A. PLKITNi-.'K, Frultvnle station, Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHAKGB.
$40.060— IMPROVED ranch SOU acres. IS miles
from Oakland, level, sugar beet land 250 ;
acres, balance fruit land; 10 acres bearing
ard; line new house; g0,.,l l.am, gran-
ary and outbuildings'; all tool*, wagons, fine
horse-- and .■■■■.-: bo Incpnw property; will
exctfange for Oakland or San Francisco prop-
erty.
Also 200 acres improved ranch; 30 acres in
fruit, near railroad and postoffice, Tehama
County; DO Irrigation required for crnti^;
:i_>-; mortgage 1 *1."00: will exchange
for resldi th c In Fast Oakland with mort-
gage, and allow liberal margin, as owner haa
to reside in Oakland.
For rent— l4-room furnished house; central;
nearly all room's permanently occupied:; rent
$65 per month.
J. W. COX & CO., 506 Ninth St.. Oakland.
.;■.;.;. T( > B xrn.\ s i ; i ■:
3 fine lota, 25x100 each '
...Free from incumbrance
For cottage or h.-ime in Oakfand. Alameda or
city, will pay cash difference or assume
: ts are 125 feet from Mission s-. .
level and ready to build on; I value the 3 at
(live full description of what you offer,
addressing box 426. call office.
I HAVE improved, unimi'rnved and business
property In Oakland ar.d San Francisco to i
exchange f,, r small chicken, fruit, and grain:
ranches. Write particulars. Realty, Box 1, i
call Office, Oakland.
20-ACRE prune orchard, full bearing: Income
about li"' i •■!■ year; 8-room house, horse and i
tools rVgnce, $3000; will exchange !
for a home in Western Addition. BOX 425, Call. |
WANTED I Clear country property in exchange? i
for fine house and large lot In beautiful Aia-
meda; value $3600. X S, FALCONER- & CO.,
B«y Station. Alameda.
IMPROVED Alameda property to exchange for j
Pantu Ciara or Santa Cruz; no agents. Ad-
dress H., box 10, Call office, Oakland.
FOR TRADE— S-roota cottar? near electric:
cars; short walk to V. C. grounds. Address
2223 ShattUCk aye , Berkeley.
! STORAGE.
: PlERCE^lßl'lSoirpH Storage and Moving Co., I
; office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166. >
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse. 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 715 Sutter, near Unsurpassable for ;
' Dr. or' dressmaker; workroom 25x35; choice for ■
• business and residence .combined; investigate^ j
BROADWAY', 2321 — 12-roo'm ; house; large^
-^grounds; fine marine view; rent reasonable.
"HOUSE, 729 ivy aye. — 6 rooms and bath: In fine !
order; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & |
BURKE . . - ... [
FURNITURE of beautiful 20-room house on
• , Van Ness near Ellis; bargain for cash: mod-
■ crn house; or will rent. SOS Van Neßs five.
HOUSE, 2*45 Sacramento St., near Stelner— 6 j
rooms, bath, laundry; ?2 7 50; Including water. |
HOUSE 8 rooms; large, yard ; 1024 Pacific st.;
rent $13. ■-■-•*" ■> -"■ •■■»'■' '- •
HOWARD, 705— Upper part of house; 5 sunny
rooms and bath;- rent cheap: :.-•■• : I
O'FARRELL, 252— House of 13 rooms and bath;
In good order; north side. ■ ■ - ■
O'FARRELL, MM and 145S— Sunny side; 7 rooms |
. and bath; rent $30; key at 1454. . ":
RESIDENCE, 10 rooms, 703 Taylor St., near!
..Sutter; residence, .11 rooms, 607 Stockton St., :
; near Pine. Inquire room .614. Call, building.
SUNNY house of 7 rooms arid bath.; large base-. '
...ment and garden. 1411. Scott st _ _______ I
SUNNY 6-room ' house; perfect order;' newly
■ papered. 1321 Webster st., near O'Farrell.- .
i to Physicians .' ....For rent
Residence, with offices and stable; occupied, I
for years by regular physician with . large
practice. Address box 839, Call Office.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3932— Large sunny house
8 rooms, bath; carpets, . shades, lawn, flower
. .garden; fine view; low rent. . ... .. , . |
WEBSTER.' 1908. bfet California and Pine— 9 J
rooms and bath: rent reduced to $37 50.
WE can. rent. you a house with or without a
flagpole.- BALDWIN & HOWELL, 1 Mont- j
gomery st. -.'■..-•■■•■•' ■ - • ' j
114— HOUSE 6 rooms and bath; water free. 323 I
Castro st.. bet. Market and Sixteenth. » .-
S2S— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry; I
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Olen |
Park aye., off Twelfth st. ■. " -■-,■..
$35— PREMISES No. 1730-32 Folsom St.. bet.
Thirteenth and Fourteenth, until now occu-
- pled as a soda' water works; has stable, yard, I
wagon shed, two -entrances; also suitable for
bottling works. Apply at premises. ■ r . ,
• FlKSlS!li:i) HOUSES TO let.
AN elegantly newly furnished home, 9 rooms,
bath: sunny Bide: Western" Addition; Axmin-
'•ster carpets: Oriental rugs; rich hangings; i
choice, etchings, Haviland china, etc. H.,
■box 15, Call. ' .- ■ .-.->■ ' ■ ■ . .
FURNISHED 8-room"modern house; $40; adults
» only. Call 112 Scott St. - -
$15— FURNISHED cottage 4 rooms and bath;
' ■ yard, basement 3822 Nineteenth st. . UMB-
.' . SEN & CO., 14 Montgomery St. . ; -. ..-•-.
$30—1521 PACIFIC aye.: 8 rooms, • bath, yard,
lawn; .water free. Apply forenoon.. . .
COTTAGES TO .LET. ..;. ._ .
BAKER, 1513— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath-
large yard; $17., . ■ ■ -
: COTTAGES- from $16 to ?20; . beautiful view;
suites $&. 1312 Union st. •■.■■,.■■
COTTAGE, marine view, .fr -rooms, bath and
yard. • 1323. Washington St., near Jones..
GROVE. 720—4 large sunny rooms; bath; gas;
, garden; sunny, separate yard. :..- ■ .;,
NICE cottage 5 rooms; big .cellar; yard and i
- bath; rent cheap. M Clipper St.
O'FARRELL, "2S6— Sunny cottage of 4 rooms In
• good order.--:. ~ .■■■ :. .:. t»:-,-.'v. :-\: -\ '1...',': .'- -
4 ROOMS, $9; 4 r. and bath,, $14; 5 r. and bath,
. $15; 7 r. and bath, $17; or will sell; $50 to $250
cash, balance $10 to $20 per month. - THE Me- j
• CARTHY CO., 646 Market" St.. 8. F.
'■.■'...-.. . FLATS TO LET. ( .
APPRECIATED If seen; rarely beautiful; NW.
■corner Sutter ■ and Scott; 6 big rooms and
glazed porch; or NW. corner Erie and How-
• ard, near Thirteenth; 7 big rooms; and porch;
rent reasonable; all flooded with sunshine.
BRYANT, 511, near Third— One small neatly,
furnished sunny suite back; $7 per month. .
CHOICE 5 to 8 room modern flats, suitable for.
2 families. $18« to $30. Apply 112 Scott st., near
:. Height. '-. ■■-•■■-- .■■•■■.-• .:- ■■ ,>■•■• .
FELL, sSs— Elegant flat; 7 large rooms; bath
and . basement. , . . -. '| ■
• FIFTEENTH St., . 1325—2 new flats, 4 and 5
I rooms; bath, yard, «cellar. . ■ _
.FINE bay-window flat, 6 rooms, bath and laun-
! ■ dry; rent $16. 3653 • Nineteenth 6t. ■ .
I FIRST, Sunny furnished rooms. .for. house- .
. keeping. ■ '. ■ ■ . 1
■FLAT nf 3 rooms. 5525S 525 Myrtle aye.',' bet. Octavia
. , and Laguna, Geary .and OFarrell. ....■-
FLAT of five sunny rooms, bath; rent cheap.
2176 Fifteenth st., near Market. . ".
FLAT to let; newly renovated; 5 rooms and
I bath; rent $12. 2503& Howard st.
•MINNA, 6-IS, near Eighth— Sunny . corner flat .
I * of 4 and»7 rooms: bath; range If required; ap-
i preciated, if seen. •■■• . ■. ■ • ■ - . -< __________
1 MISSION, 1513 A —Flats 5 and 6 sunny rooms;
bath; laundry; rents $15 up. L. JOHNSON,
' Box 10611.. ■ - . ■ A ■ -; -.■•'
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
i Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS , 15 Grant aye.
! NEAT upper flat, 5 rooms, bath. 477 Chestnut,
j st., near Powell; rent reduced.-
NICE upstairs flat, 6 rooms and bath; modern
! improvements; $17. 2610 Bush at.
OCTAVIA. 155— Two weeks free: family would
let parlors; • no other rooms; unfurnished if
: desired; no children". "■ ; ..::■ . ■ ». ■-. .
POLK. Sunny, nicely furnished rooms;
privilege of housekeepnig; rent cheap.
POST, 2607— 8 ay window flat of 5 sunny
rooms; $14; all modern improvements.
SCOTT, 2040, corner Sacramento— Eight rooms
and attic. ' _■
SEVENTH, 46, near Market— Flat 4 sunny
rooms; rent moderate.
SUNNY flat of 5 rooms; large yard. 712 Clem-
entina St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth; rent $10.
SUNNY flat; 6 rooms and bath; rent $14. 2401
Bush St., cor. Pierce.
TAYLOR, 407— A well-furnished lower flat of 3
rooms. •
THREE nice rooms to let. 11 Clara St., bet.
. Third and Fourth.
TO LET— Handsome lower rtat, 6 rooms. 738
, Fourteenth st., near Market.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms. 162 Clementina st. ; rent
_$10 :
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. . BALDWIN'" & , HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. -
SIS— WATER free:' nice flat, 5 rooms and bath:
.nicely papered; all accommodations: 1509U
Howard st., near 11th. Apply MADISON & .
BURKE, 626 Market St. . |
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. ■ and Glen
: Park aye.. $13. $14. $16. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., oft* Twelfth St.
: SUNNY rooms and bath. 85. Pleasant St.,
off Jones. . ■ , ■ - .
$T— UPPER flat of four rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye.. near Laguna/et. "
510 50— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. 135 A Page St.,
bet.. (Sough and Octavia.- .
$16: FIVE rooms, bath and yard. 1027 Post St.,
near Lark in.
$16— SAN JOSE aye., 143, nr. 24th— New modern
flat. .'> sunny rooms; gas, hot water, bath;
mirror mantels; $16. ■
i ROOMS FOR* HOUSEKEEPING. V
iBR ANN AN, 370— Flat to let; 3 rooms; $12; fur-
nlshed. ' '
BUCHANAN," 602, corner- Fell— Bay-window, i
furnished, $8; kitchen and dining room, $11;
j bath. I .
ELLIS, 557— Three rooms, furnished or un-
: furnished for housekeeping.. ;:
ELLIS, 618—2 sunny back rooms; private fam-
ily: rent $7. '
FIFTH, 322— Newly renovated, sunny front, 1
connecting housekeeping rooms; complete; j
bath: private; $10. , . . ■ : 1
GLEN PARK aye., 9, off Twelfth, near Mis- ;
sion— S partly furnished rooms and bath for
I housekeeping; must be seen to be appreciated.
! HOWARD. 761V4— Nicely furnished sunny suite,
! with kitchen; othrrs; reasonable. '
HOWARD.' " 1324—2 'rooms furnished • complete
for housekeeping. *
"HOWARD, 1653— Three-room, suite; sunny and
good neighborhood; large yard; $8.
HOWARD, 2337H— 2 or 3 completely furnished
large sunny front rooms; quiet; private;
cheap. , - ' ■ f
JACKSON 3019— Double front room and 3 oth-
! ers; 2 A front; one floor; furnished; $25.
LARKIN. 625»*— 2 or 3 sunny unfurnished rooms j
for housekeeping. $12.
LARKIN, 1315—2 or 3 sunny front and back
rooms furnished for housekeeping. - •
LAFAYETTE, 31, bet Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
MASON, southwest corner of Union— Two
front corner rooms; unfurnished; for house-
. keeping: private; $6. .
MCALLISTER, 422—2 or 8 nicely furnished
: rooms for housekeeping. . .
MINNA, 153— Two large front sunny rooms for
housekeeping. '■■
MINNA. 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep- j
Ing. ___ __
MINNA. 648— 2 large sunny unfurnished rooms,
$S per month.; nice respectable family.
MINNA. 739— Two sunny furnished rooms;. com-
plete for housekeeping. ■ - . -.' . .- ■
MISSION. 561.near Second— Large sunny front
room and kitchen complete .for, housekeeping.
MISSION, 1129— Newly furnished, large sunny
room with kitchen; rent $10.
MONET loaned on diamonds, watches, sealskins
and jewerly at 15 Grant aye. . - ».'
NINTH. Sunny suite of rooms for house-
keeping: large bay-window room also.
OAK, 1191—3 or 's furnisbed rooms; entrance
Park; gas stove, .bath;, cheap; also single. :
OCTA,VIA;"I4O3, corner -Bay-window, $8; ■
also, kitchen and dining room, $11; bath.
O'FARRHLL, 4061,4— Housekeeping rooms; gas
and bath. ■'
POLK, Large bay-window sunny front
room, with use of -kitchen; complete.
SHOTWELL, 217—2 or ' 3 connecting rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas, and bath. •.
SIXTH 244— Front sunny housekeeping rooms:
■ furnished complete; rent reasonable. •
SOUTH PARK. 184— 2 large sunny rooms nicely
: furnished for Housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 733—3 large sunny unfurnished
front rooms; rent $9. -
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166, . near . Howard— Part «f
nice sunny flat; use of bath and laundry:
cheap. • -' '
VAN NESS aye., Newly furnished front
suite: housekeeping, and unfurnished rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 518— Two sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, with bath; $12.
VAN NESS aye... 1021— A front, sunny suite, 2 .
.ms and kitchen; gas range. ...
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WIN'PSOR Hotel— I without ■' board; ac-
commodations for.copklng. nth & Washington.,
, .-.  , ■ ROOMS TO LET.
AR^JNOTONpHouse, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-olass
In every respect; terms reasonable. .
\I'AHTMENTB; quiet, homelike; reasonable; 1 ;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st.: trunks
moved to any part .of city, 25c; tel. Main 49. ;
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
; cor. Powell; elevator: baths; best attention. ■•
A— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 609 Hyde, Butter 715-717-719, 829% and Mason
407 -Choice; sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; baths, running water.
AT 147 Powell, 211 \ O'Farrell — Rooms by. the .
day. week or month; very reasonable. ..
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms: 2
blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience ;
elevator: transient; near principal clubs.
■'AIM' 732— Two pleasant, sunny : unfurnished
■ ; front rooms* to let. . . _ . . ' ; . ;
CLEMENTINA. 434\— Large sunny furnished
room with use of parlor. $3 month. •■
CLIFFORD," 2O4 E111&, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and i single rooms; prices reasonable. :■' , :
BALE place. 7, off : Golden Gate, near Leaven-" .
worth— Large furnished or unfurnished front ;:
: rooms ; > cheap. ■.-■-, ■">', .'..'."• ■--.:•
DELAWARE. 1433 Furnished or un- [
furnished single and double rms. ; $B, ' $10 mo.
DE LONG aye., ' 15— -1 neatly furnished room; .
cheap; convenient to . ca/s. ; . .... ' '....""■•"-• .-,
EDDY, 318— Ncw.ly : furnished sunny suite and '" I
single rooms; unfurnished- If desired. .v " " .
EIGHTH. Sunny prettily furnished rooms, :•.
with baths. >■:'■• :V .-. f '-.••;.-.'•*.•• :
RJOOMS TO I. F.T— Continued.
ELLIS, 414— 2 rooms; small, front and back
yards; suitable for invalid or woman in con-
finement; $15. . . . . : .... • -. . -
ELLIS, 839, cor.' Larkin— Bay-win-taw 'alcove;
mantel; gas; ' gents preferred. ■
• E «V IS> 722 ~ Three 8U ™i" \ unfurnished rooms;
ELLIS, 801— Newly : furnished sunny . rooms-
also* housekeeping rooms. > ■•-..■ .. •.-•••■
ELLIS,. Elegantly furnished sunny rooms
en suite or single; reasonable; , : , -,-
FIFTH. Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. -' ■• ' ■ ■.'-.. r;
FIFTH, 309 — Large sunny, corner room;, run-
. nlng water: other rooms ; also • housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 613—3 large sunny rooms, j furnished
• complete for housekeeping^ other rooms, sin-
"., gle or ensuite, with bath. »■-.:.;>^ . •;;■ -
FOLSQM, 826, Fourth— week and . up;
ji nice.' clean- sunny single and double rooms.
t ' ■ ■ ■ — ,
GEARY, 378— Large, sunny front room, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen. .., — ,
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H: HYER.
GEARY, rc.fi— Kiegant , sunny back 'parlor;
. piano.' hot and cold water; other suites: light
housekeeping. -■ '■_■. ',,-"; v -. ■
GEARY, 610— Elegantly furnished rrns.; suites
and single; also handsome doctor's suite.
GEARY, Newly furnished rooms..;:
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, : 'near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GRANT aye., 17— Front suite; single rooms;
, housekeeping rooms; transient solicited.
.GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
■ $1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE :; aye., 307— Furnishe.I rooms;
single: gas; bath; private -family; $7 up.
GOLDEN GATE aye.,' 1404— front room
with kitchen; also front single; $5.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 736— A nice large unfurnished or fur-
■ nished room; private family; nice location;
reasonable. / ; j
HAIGHT, 3— Neat furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable. , .
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week. ■
HARRISON, 7S4>.i— Finely furnished sunny
rooms; bath: all con.: quiet home; $1 week.
HOWARD, Corner room; sun all day;
double bed; $8; other rooms cheaper.
HOWARD, ISOO, cor. Fourteenth— or 4 sunny
front rooms; rent $8. '•
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms; reasonable: gas; water; bath; central.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate — Nice. sunny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
LARKIN,' 40S— Sunny front . room;  nice and
clean; private house; for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
LARKIN, Sunny rooms for gentlemen;
rent $7, $8 and $9. . . . - .
LEAVEN WORTH, 517—2 unfurnished rooms $8.
McALLISTER, 53S— elegantly furnished sunny
front rooms, $10 and $8; or en suite, $16. :
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week.
MISSION, -1241—2 sunny furnished rooms;, first
floor; reasonable for quiet party.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches jewelry
. aud sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant.
OCTAVIA, 410— Neat sunny unfurnished room.
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, -.veek or month.
PINE, 910 — Quiet and homelike sunny rooms:
bath and, gas; finest location In city. ..
POWELL, 317, formerly ' Cosmos ' Club— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms: reasonable. ..
' SEVENTEENTH, 33G3— sunny furnished
rooms, with or without board; use of bath.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished, and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK, 90— Nicely furnished sunny
room. $1 a week. t . '..:.'.
STEVENSON. 564 — Nice j sunny front room,
well furnished, $7 month; single room, $5;
private respectable family.
PUTTER, Nice pleasant rooms: terms rea-
sonable. \; . ' ''. ".-"".'*. ' "
TAYLOR, 106, near Market— Furnished rooms
for rent: 25c night and up. '
TAYLOR, 706— well-furnished sunny room for
gentleman. ■ ■ '
TEHAMA."422— A x nice' furnished -sunny front
room; rent moderate.
TURK, 127 — Nice large light parlor; suitable
doctor or office; cheap to right party.
VAN NESS, 80S — Beautiful runny rooms; newly
furnished;, modern every respect.
, ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, 675— Large room; 2 beds; bath and fam-
ily board for two; $36 per month.
ELLIS, — Nice sunny rooms with first-class
. table board; use- of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nic? location.
FOLSOM; 1530— Nicely furnished room with
board; home . comforts.  , . ..
HYDE. 408— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
HYDE. 1105(Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath; gas; telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board: "pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, Good table board. $3 per
.week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all -appointments; hot
- "water every room; home cooking: terms mod.
THE ORIEL New elegantly furnished, sunny
; . Market-st. suites, with board for 2. $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly. ■' "'";.'.':> ■-. -•'.•
VALENCIA, 1070 (The Irving)— Family boardg. ;
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms; reas.
400 VAN NESS aye.— Table board; first-class'
home cooking; neat and clean; $3 per week.
VAN -NESS. 712— Nicely furnished front
alcove room ; also parlor suites and single
rooms: pleasant and sunny;' with or without
board. ;. . ' ,
VAN NESS. 930— handsome sunny suite; also
single . rooms; modern conveniences; board
. optional. ' ' ' " ■•- . -
CHILDREN BOARDED, .
WIDOW would like -2' children to board; good
'■ home and care; near school. 51 Clara st.
CHILDREN or Infants boarded, mother's care;
references; moderate. . 2126 Magnolia St., Oaklnd
LADY: wants to board children and give moth-
er's care. Apply 532 Stevenson st.
STORES TO LET. ~~
FINE large new store; good location for gro-
cery and bar; rent cheap.' S.W. cor. O'Farrell
and Buchanan.
FINE store, living rooms; fit for any business;
. 1007 Larkln st. ; $14. Apply 102 Eddy st.
FOR .rent— Large, roomy building, suitable for |
wood and coal, hay and grain, general pro- j
duce business; good location; low rent. In-
.., quire, room 614. Call, building. .'-;■;
NINTH St., corner Bryant— good fixt-
ures, rooms and stable ; rent low. »
STORE to let — »48 Third st. '* • - , ■
STORE corner Eleventh and Mission sts.; fine
stand for saloon or French liquor store. ■
$15— WATER 'free; store' and 3 rooms: sunny
and well lighted; location busy; 1509 A How-
■ ard. Apply to MADISON St. BURKE, 626
: Market st. ■* ■■" ■•'.■--:■■*■:■■■'■ ■ •■• ■ .
STORE.. with 3 living rooms. 375 Sanchez,
next public school; key 3SI Sanchez st. -
s : ;;:>■ ' • ' ",;.•• "-. DENTISTS. " ■ :-" : ".. .
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed ' 10 ■ years ;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
■work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
- tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer;. of. painless extraction and !
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth |
without plate, removed. from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth.- $5 up; fillings, 25c ■ up; all ; work
painless and : guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth. .-,.->...
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge , work and filling a
' specialty ; ; all work "reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
 W. KEY, 1320 Market st. ; ;.;■ - ,
NEW YORK methods at New, York prices by
■ New. York dentists. 963 Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
& CHRISTIE. 8 Mason st., cor. Market. ";
« SKWINO JIACHIXES. V
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. .1915, Mission St.
|2 MONTHLY, "rented;'^repaired, bought." sold;
machine supplies. . 145 Sixth ; phone " Mint 4.'.
ALL kinds . bought, sold, l exchanged, rented; j
i repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— lo RELIABLE men wanted with $500 to
$1000 each to invest in one of the most pros-
perous enterprises on thN coast; security
given; will guarantee ;,<»> ; ,e r cent profit; this
week only. KHKI. 1 " .. _ (ieary st.
A— *7. r ,; BRA: :y and notions; also $3.";0
branch bakery. KREPO A CO.
$250— KEAHNY-st. cigar stand: good business;
a bargain; must be sold. KREDO & CO., 22^
Geary st. »
HUNDREDS of bargains In business chances;
don't buy until you call on KREDO & CO.,
22 '-i Geary st.
$450— C( :HNi:i: saloon: old established busi-
ness; on one of the principal business streets
"Ith family rooms and side entrance; this an
exceptional bargain on account of -disagree-
ment of partners. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
Market st.
A— GOOD-PAYING corner grocery and bar;
$750. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market St.
A— DELICACY store; 2 rooms; rent $12; good
corner.. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market Bt.
HIGHEST cash prices paid tor restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks; quick sales.
_STENBERG & CO., 26^ Kearny st.
$1300— FINE bar and 40 furnished rooms occu-
pied; best on water front. McLAUGHLIN
& CO., 777 Market st
$72r.— WELL equipped and old-established
real estate and Insurance business for sale;
consists of good team of horses, road buggy,
( surrey, harnesses, office, fixtures, desks, safe,
| counter: pays $1200 to $1500 p^r year. Box 55,
j Los Gatos. cal.
j IF you want a good, safe Investment, put in
with me in controlling Interest in 40 acro3
of bar and ' 2 mile river bed; dam and flume;
I new and safe for years; nearly ready to com-
mence washing K. G., box ,":'2, Call Office.
A NEATLY fitted up, good paying employment
office; house renting and business opportuni-
ties: price $350; selling account ill health.
Address Call Office, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
DO you speculate? Write for our pamphlet,
"Profitable Speculation." PAYSON & FOS-
TER, H Broadway, New York. Members
.New York Cons. Stock K\change.
FOR- Sale— s2so") ; a fine payi- i; years
established: earning handsome monthly In-
come all year round. Address box 761, Call
Office. Cause, 111 health.
FOR sale — In city, drug stock and fixtures, in-
cluding 5 showcases; price very low. Inquire
of DR. AVILLCOX, room 40. St. Ann's build-
ing; hours, 1 to 4 p. m.
PLEASE investigate thoroughly and you will
surely Invest $100 in a reliable business that
will return you $1000 witnin a year. P., box
639, Call office.
$200 — COAL yard; 1 block from Market st.; fine
location; long established; horses, wagons;
good business; bargain. JONES & SEARLL,
866 Market st.
j $75— PARTNER, candy factory, lady or s^nt;
will teach you to make all kinds of candy;
i investigate. J., box 12, Call office, Oakland.
j FOR Sale— Lot in the Academy tract, Francis
st., close to Mission: I must sell; no agents.
c. i Call Offlee.
BARGAIN: modern cottage; pleasant view; In
Mission; street sewered; water. Address A.
W., box 731. Call Office.
WANTED — Partner In restaurant business;
good chance for right party, with small capi-
tal. Bux 1112, Call Office.
I BARGAIN— Paying bazaar; Invoice $1200; price.
I $800; compulsory sale. Address K. B. X., box
743, Call offlee.
i ASSOCIATES and money wanted for high
grade mining; liberal deal. D. N., box 1184,
Office:
I $450 — FINE chance; contract and stock of
mon^y-making business. L., box 741, Call.
! $50— GROCERY store and furniture of two
rooms. 645 Natoma st. ; rent $11.
i MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at CNCLE HARRIS', la Grant aye.
WANTED, 3 active young men with first -
class references to complete party of S for an
expedition to South Sea and Philippine Islands;
object trading, exploration and prospecting.
Address box L' 22. Call office.
MUST change climate; will sell cheap or ex-
change for smalT improved place in country;
long- established, well-paying hardware and
variety store; center of city. A., box 293, Call.
! GOOD harness business for sale; work enough
for 2 men; thorough investigation given: re-
' duce stock if necessary. 621 E. 12th, Oakland.
BAKERY, Stationery and candy store for 3ale,
$30. Opposite grammar school, Fillmore and
Thirteenth.
; OTSr-SALOON for sale, with living rooms; do-
ing good business; very cheap rent. Inquire
Call office.
CHANCE of a lifetime — A man with money to
manufacture a money-making, first-class pat-
ent can be made here or in the East, and
will give large returns on the investment*
either cash or property taken as part pay-
ment. Any one desiring to enter business in
the East or in this State will do well to in-
! vestigate. Address box C.0.05, Call.
i $2500 — PARTNER wanted for good country
store averaging $1100 monthly sales; nearly
all cash with opportunity to increase; good
healthy location. S. E., box 14G, Call.
! EXTRA chance for a good frultman in a well-
located market where stall is all in order.
I Call at 706 Ivy aye. at 9a. m. or 6p. m. ; also
I pork stall. CHAS. ALPERS.
j CORNER saloon sacrificed on account of sick-
ness; large stock; elegant fixtures; good
trade. Owner. Eighth and Alice sts., Oakland.
FOR sale — Barb&r shop; 2 chairs: easy terms;
beautiful climate. American Barber Shop,
San Lulu < ft>l«po, Cal.
! $300— GROCERY: bar: fixtures; 4 rooms furni-
ture for sale; fine corner. Address C. G., box
70, Call.
\ CIGAR store, cor. Silver and Third; account
of leaving city. Inquire 434'-i Third st.
WELL-ESTABLISHED collection agency in.
S. F. for sale; owner retiring. Box 7935, Call.
$250— HOME bakery-; sickness cause of selling;
daily receipts $10 to $15. Address box 888, Call.
RESTAURANT for sale; 759 Mission st., near
Fourth; receipts from $35 to $40 per day; good
chance for buyer. •
$200— POULTRY and fruit ranch near Oakland.
LOWRY A OWENS. Fruitvale Station.
BARBER shop, with baths, in lively country
town, for sale. Inquire 504 Battery st.
I OLD established pionic place; good business;
I a bargain: acre of ground; horse, buggy and
I cart; milch cows: splendid 6-room house with
bath; stable and barn. Apply 2!) Third st.
|00o — SALOON in good location; must be sold
at once on account of sickness; trial given.
Inquire at C. R. THRANE, 10 Seventh st.
OLD established bakery in country for sale;
proprietor has another business on hand. Ad-
dress P. O. box 94, Napa. Cal.
$1100 — CORNER grocery- and saloon for sale.
Box 431, Call office.
$500— BOARDING house with 11 furnished
rooms; IS regular boarders; trial before buy-
ing. Address M. J., box 4. Call office, Oakland.
OUTSIPE city paper route (Call). Apply 31«4
Twenty-fourth st.
f TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job office in Oak-
: land; cheap for cash. D., box 1, Call, Oakland.
FOR sale — Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business offlee.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWIILL A CO.'S, 415 Sacramento St.
LODGI.VG HOUSES FOR SALE.
I A— KRelx? & CO 22',x GEARY ST.
."...MONET TO LOAN AT LOW RATES....
lfli rooms; best paying in city $4200
53 rooms; 30 hay windows 1600
50 rooms; apartment; clears $130
42 rooms; apartment; elegant 2808
34 rooms; fine corner; half cash 2000
23 rooms; clears $75 month j."JI
20 rooms; two entrances; Market 300
16 rooms; O'Farrell; elegant 12no
11 rooms; Geary: doctor pays rent 669
10 rooms; O'Farrell; corner 560
9 rooms; also 8 rooms: bargains 225
Others too numerous to mention. KREDO
& CO.
MUST be sold Monday. August 15, 1895; the best
offer takes the 2-* entrance house, 13 and 15^
Powell st.; new oak and ash furniture; house
just completely papered and painted. A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
ON Union Square, a modern 24-room house. A.
M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market St.*
$2500— A down-town hotel of 150 rooms. A. M.
BPSSCK & CO.. 602 Market st.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
6-room flat; central $ 160
10 rooms; corner; very good
24 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 f»wi
it rooms; corner; clears $250 2200
100 others: 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to.. 8000
8-room flat: near City Hall 2".0
75-room house; rent $50 650
SEE MY LIST IN THE EXAMINER.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— Bo ROOMS; clears $125 $1200
33 rooms; north of Market st. ; fine 1900
31 rooms; transient; Market st 950
15 rooms; select; transient corner 300
14 rooms; fine house: Income $50 clear 800
40 r,ooms; elegant; part cash; a snap
50 rooms; part cash; transient 14.">0
5 rooms; beautiful home; see it 250
18 rooms; Market St.; clears $200; cheap... 860
ROGERS A HYDE. 12WS Market St. (L. W.
' ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
$200— LODGING-HOUSE; bargain on account of
sickness. -Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market
10-ROOM house; good roomers; must sell this
week; offer wanted. Box 898, Call office.
10-ROOM house cheap; must leave city. MS
Tnvlor St.
~ PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence^
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
1314
PERSONALS.
AMERICAN lady with lovely home and 80.000
bank account, longs for congenial, sensible.
kind husband to gladden the sunset of l.fe.
"PRINCESS," 135 Baal 65th St.. >.. Y.
WILL any old miners "of the early ':.< v s who
■ knew Morris Ingram or John Hank., from
-ears -32 to '86, write to Mr*. Florence
lloyer. Paducah. Ky.. or answer through
■ paper?
F. W. Received letter O. K. H. C.
liHAVTE satisfaction in the realization of
•artistic hairdressing done here for -6c; hair
■ restored to its natural color. *1 aO up,
switches, $1; fine. $3 50; extra. $5; open Sun-
day 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 11l Stockton st. _
JOSEPH GREVEN vocal teacher, 1236 Market
st.. ' furnishes at short notice soloists for
opera oratorio concert and church; arranges
and leads opera performances In Kngllsn,
Italian. German and French.
GENUINE Alaska sealskin jackets; London
dye guaranteed; price for 1 week only *99. (
■• ROBERT WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
M\RRY- Nat. Matrimonial Club; private list,
. :2'cTmany worth $50,000. Box 1561. Denver; 'Colo.;
LEDKRER'S Quinonla will cure that dandruff.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
WANTED— To communicate with milliners,
dressmakers and others who have been In-
duced to pay money to a certain party on
representation of being appointed agents for
■ ■ a composition styled toilet cream. Address
H.. box 10, Call office.
PILES; FreTl ing's" Piles Salve— Warranted to
cure all cases; $1 per box. Residence 1628
Devlsadero st., near Sutter st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, ("ilk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. in hank or chain, at lowest
. rates. GEO MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; -Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 room.--.
25c to JIM per night; $1 50 to *6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHILDREN'S class at Hinman's School of
Dancing 1412 Polk St.. Is now open on Satur-
.- day afternoons. ■__
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lessons given. 1516 A Howard st.
PILES— If you are troubled with them ad-
dress box 6984. Call office, for cure.
ELECTRIC sealskin jackets to order, $T>o.
MARX'S Fur Store, 957 Market st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
• MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
■ LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
239 HAVES Branch office of The Call.
' Subscriptions and mis taken.
M VTRIMO.W.
CALL or send ]2c for August marriage paper. ,
Address "Wedding Bell.'' 11l Ellis St.. S. F.
~~, DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT dressmaker; makes children's
dresses, fitted at their homes. Address D..
branch Call office, 187 Hayes st
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses. $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rm. 14-15.
EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAL Instruction— ANNlS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush St.,
near Jones.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches; !
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur- :
• veying. assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 110") grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing.
. bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English •
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc. : life scholarship, $00; low
rates per week and month.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly; 50c an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavla st.
PIANO Instructions, $1: singing. $1 50 a les-
son. A. A. EDGERLY. care San Francisco
Music Co.. 225 Sutler st.
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry, Ph. Fel-
•low in Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve. ;
e?t. 1*64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
SPANISH lessons given; also English branches
taught; special attention to backward pupils;
. low terms. 910 Clay St., Oakland.
GUITAR, piano, mandolin and singing; $3 per
month. 39 Fifth St.. MARY P. WESTHAUS.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes: pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
SPANISH school for business, daily, $3 a
month: 4t09 p. m. Y. M. C. A. building.
LAW schools— 9o6 Broadway, Oakland; 6 Eddy
St., city. r. 59; day and night.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
• taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: references:
■ • private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory In Lelpslc. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique Sl4 G°ary st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
• SECOND-HAND wagons, all kinds, from $10
up. 1013 Harrison, near Sixth.
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
.buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
• bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
HORSES.
BARGAIN— A fine horse, and express wagon,
with years of experience. Apply to C. A.
WRIGHT. 436 Montgomery st.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horses, cheap. 14." Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
•kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
' v FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
' INTOSH A WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st.
A BARGAIN — Nearly new National Cash Re( •
.Ister for sale cheap; cash or easy monthly
payments. Room 313. Emporium building,
third floor. •
GREAT Dane Annie Laura, with pedigree; ex-
change for carriage and harness. Call 239
Post St., room 4.
•FRESH cow for sale; $35. 122 Farallon St.,
Ocean View.
HARP, double action concert: In nr4t-cI:»FS
condition; a bargain. Call betwen 6 anil 8
evenings. 1319 Point Loboa aye.
FOR sale Marble-top walnut bedroom* set,
with new wire mattre*ss and top mattress;
also walnut chiffonier; price $12 CO. 2406
, Folsom si.
A BAR outfit, counters, show cases, cash reg-
isters, scales, etc. J. Schwerdt, 821 Mission.
GOOD typewriter for sale at any price. Ad-
dress F. .1.. box 179, Call office.
FOR SALE— Round end counter at your own
• price. 124 Oakj^t. I
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new nnd sec-
ond hand. .1. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st.. above Sixth.
A FINE thing for a present: full line of
' graphophones, $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 818 Mission st.
' PHONOGRAPHS. $20: records, $.'> per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 938-946 Market.
5 X POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
"building material. 1124 Mission: tel. So. 787.
SAFES- Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission St.. nr. Seventh.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
( i«.l Sent to any address in the United
Ptnt'es or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
paid.
. TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— Furnished hotel near city; good
opportunity. R. T. WARD & CO., 60S Clay.
THE old building of the Y. M. C. A.. 232
Putter et. ; long lease; very low terms; can
be rented as a whole or in divisions; large
and splendid location; no reasonable rent rt-
fused. Apply to MADISON St BURKE.
ATTORNEYS AT LA IV.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. O. w.
HOWE, atty-at-law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCmbe.loB Larkln.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 827 Market s^
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consutation free; no fees in advance.
3,10 HAVES Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
- MAKUIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued an follow*:
Amaea C. Plumb and Kittle M. Sullivan.. 27-20
John C. McCafterty and Edith Arnold .21-2S
Peter C. Relsner and Hilda C. Johnson.
John H. Wessell and Rose J. Rossi..... 28-2»
Theodore K. Schucking and Ella Luchter.
W. .1 Rumbak and Mary E. Schumacher.. 3s-2o
J. L. McCalllster and Maggie Dougherty..
Gottlieb Schumacher and Wllhelmlna Buse. 43-39
Arthur Dnkeshire and Hannah C. Kane.-^-.i
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Ireerted. They must .be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BENDIT— In this city, August 13. IS9B, to the
wife <-f M. Bendit, a daughter.
BRECKENFELD— this city, August 8, 1898,
to the wife of W. M. Breckenfeld, a daughter.
COX-In this city, August 6, 1898, to the wife
Of Albert J. Cox, a son.
CROGER— In this city. August S. IS9S, to the
wife of W. K. Croger. a daughter.
DAWSON— this city. August 13, 1898, to the
wife of John Dawscn, a daughter.
DWYER— In this city, to the wife of T. J.
Dwyer (nee Waleott). a daughter.
EDWARDS— this city. August 1, ISJB, to the
wife of Harry T. Edward* B sot'
GRAY— In this city, August 6, IS9S, to the wife
of A. D. Gray, a daughter.
HALEY— this city, August 13. IS9S, to the
wife of Chris Haley, a son,
HARRISON— In this city. July 17. 1898, to the
wife of W. 11. Harrison, a daughter.
KREBS— In this city, July 14. 1898, to the wife
of Julius C. Krebs. a daughter.
MEYER— In Alameda. August 12, 1898, to the
wife of William J. Meyer, a son.
NY In this city. August 5. IS9B, to the wife of
J. Ny, a daughter.
RAE— In this city. August 7, :89S, to the wife
of Jams 8 Rf,e, a son.
ROTHWEILER— In this city, August 2. 1898, to
the wife of Charles Rothweller, a son.
WAG>ER— In this city. August 10, 1898, to the
wife of Charles Wagner, a son.
WALSH— this City, August 7, JS9S, to the
wife of L 1". Walsh, a son.
WATERS— In this city. August 2. 189S, to the
wife of E. O. Waters, a daughter.
MARRIED.
MACLURKIN— STONE— In this city. August 1,
ISSB by the Rev. Harcourt W. Peck. Alfred
R. Maclurkln and Charlotte Stone.
DIED.
Adams. John F. McGlade. Delia
Arnold Mary A. Manwaring. Charles
BotelhO J. V. Mella, Patrick J.
Buddrus, Fred Meyn. Rebecca C.
Cohn. Meyer A. Mogan, John P.
Doyle, James P. Morris, Rosalie
Deianey, Arralenna Neate, Thomas A.
Dwyer. Ellen Odermatt. John F.
Ewell. L J. PoDovich. Lucca
Farrant. Frank Rily. Joao G.
Hillabrand. George Swett, Daniel
Kelly, John Thompson. Frank M.
Kenny. Catherine Weaver. Henry
Kirkland, William
ADAMS— In this city. August 12, IS9S. John
F.. beloved husband of Gertrude Adams,
father of Russell Adams, and son of Mrs.
Mary C. Adams, a native of San Francisco,
aired 29 years and 28 days.
[r^Fr'.Vn '.? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this lav
(Sunday) at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 995 Ellis street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
N S O. W.— To the officers and members of
El Dorado Parlor No. 52, N. S. G. W. : You
are hereby requested to assemble at 905 Ellis
street, this day (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, to
attend th« funeral of our late brother, J. F.
Adams. By order of F. A. SMITH. Pres.
JOHN G. JOLY. Rec. Sec.
ARNOLD— In this city. August 12. IS9S. Mary
A., dearly beloved wife of George Arnold, and
dearly beloved mother of Frank A.. Harry
P James E.. Sidney W.. Alice E.. George
M. and Arthur F. Arnold, a native of Salem.
Mass.. aged 43 years.
l£7"Fr!en<Ss and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:3) o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 733 Vermont street, between Nineteenth
and Twentieth, thence to St. Charles Bor-
romeo Church, corner Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets, for services, commencing at 11
o'clock, Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
BOTELHO— In this city. .1. V. Botelho, a na-
tive of Portugal, aged 37 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite.] to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his lite resi-
dence. '433 Hayes street. Interment Holy
Crc.sr Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock tratn.
BUDDRUS— In this city, Fred, beloved hus- '
band of Bertha Huddrus. and father of Paul,
Bertha and Richard Abel, a native of Memel,
Germany, aged 53 years and 1 month.
tCrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite.l to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 35 Madison avenue, between Fifth and
Sixth streets, t off Harrison.
COHN— In this city. August 13. 1898, Meyer
A. Cohn, father of Hannah Cohn, Mrs. S. W.
Lat7. and Mrs. .1. Newcomb, .-> native of
Hamburg. Germany, aged 88 years.
Frit-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite. l to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 10 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, under the auspices of Occidental Lo&ge
Nc. 22, F. and A. M. Interment Hime :»f
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
DOYLE— In this city. August 13, 189 S. Jnmes
P'ter, beloved husband of Anna L. Doyle, a
native of Sydney, Australia, aged 48 years 11
months and 23 days.
A O U. W.— Members of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 14. A. O. U. W., are hereby requested to
attend the funeral of our late brother. James
P. Doyle. By order M. W. R. E. ROMER.
E7"Not!ce of funeral hereafter.
DELANEY— In this city, August 13, 1898. Arra-
lenna Josephine, dearly beloved daughter of
W. J. and Arralenna Gill Deianey, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year 4 months and
< 13 days.
DWYER— In this city. August 12. 1898, Ellen,
beloved wife of George Dwyer, mother of
George A. and the late W. H. Dwyer, and
sister of Mrs. Sarah Tronter of Nephl. Utah.
a native of the city of Belfast, Ireland, aged
60 years and 4 months. (Salt Lake City pa-
pers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from r.er late resi-
dence, 448 Tenth street, near Bryant, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mans will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
EWELL— In this city, August 11. 1898, L. J.,
beloved husband of Susan H. Ewell, and
father of Mrs. S. B. Reed and /.nldn H.
Ewell. a native of New York, aged 69 years
10 months and 6 days.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. C. Bunker & Co., 2C66 Mission street. Mis-
sion Masonic Temple. Interment private.
FARRANT— Denver, Colo., Frank Farrant,
a native of Gloversvllle, N. V.. aged 29 years.
HILLABRAND— In this city, August 13. 1898,
George Hlllabrnnd, a native of Germany,
aged 48 years. (Chicago and New York pa-
pers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances can view the
remains to-morrow (Monday), at the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Chicago. 111.
KELLY— In this city, August 13. 189 S. John,
beloved husband of Fannie Kelly, father of
Joseph, John and Annie Kelly and Mrs. C.
A. Mitchell, and brother of Mrs. M. Duddy
of Oakland, a native of the parish of Ath-
leaugh, County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 5S
years. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
August 16. at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 313 Twelfth street, thence to fit. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
V lll be celebrated for the repose Of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
• tery.
KENNY— In this city, August 11. 1898, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of Owen Kenny, mother of
Thomas Kenny, and sister of Gertrude Mc-
Grath, end sister-in-law of Mrs. P. Loftus
and Mrs.- R. Murray, a native of County Tip-
perary. Ireland, aged 27 years.
[[^Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at B:3C o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 248 Clementina street, off Fourth,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KIRKLAND— At Mare Island Navy -Yard, Au-
gust 12, 1898, William A. Kirkland, late rear
admiral United States Navy, a native of
North Carolina. ■
(£7 Burial will take place this day (Sunday)
with military honors at Marc Island Navy
Yard at 2 o'clock.
McGLADE— In this city, August 11, 1891, Delia,
dearly beloved wife of Michael McGlade. and
mother of the late Lizzie and John Mc-
Glade, a native of County Louth, Ireland,
- aged 26 years and I- months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
.' (Sunday), . at 9:30 o'clock, from the Pacific
undertaking parlors, ' 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church. Interment
Holy Crest Cemetery.
MANWARING— In this city, August 11. 1898.
Charles W., belov«d son of Mrs. Amalla
Manwarlng, a native of Missouri, I aged 34
yearn 6 months and 14 days.
ICTFrlends «md. acquaintances are respect-
fully ■ Invited t-j attend the funeral thla day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from ' asonlc Tem-
ple, - corner of Post and Montgomery streets.
THE SAN 'FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
under the auspices of Pacific Ledge No. 138.
F. and A. M.
MELIA— San Ramon, August 12, 1898. Pat-
rick J., beloved husband of Mary J. Melia.
and father of Wlillam P. and the late John,
Mary Jane. Katie and Teresa Melia, a na-
tive of Birr, Kings County, Ireland, aged 72
years.
IT7"Friendi> and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 213 Guerrero street, thence to Mission
Dolores church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of ma
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MEYN— In this city, August 12, 1898. Rebecca
C, dearly beloved wife of Peter Meyn, and
mother of Henry and William M. Meyn. a
native of Hanover. Germany, aged 62 years
3 months and 5 days. A member of \Valnalla
Rebekah Lodge No. 130, I. O. O. F . San
Francisco Frauen Verein, Olympla Circle No.
141 C O. F.. and Independent German La-
dles' Benevolent Society. (New York papers
please copy.) and acquaintances are respect-
(CT-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this Hay
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors or
H F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
I 6 O. F.— the officers and members of
Valhalla Rebekah Lodge No. ISO. I. O. O. F. :
You are hereby requested to assemble at I.
OOF Hall." Market and Seventh streets
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late sister, Mrs. Rebecca
C. Meyn. By order^ LQR x G .
MRS. C. UHLIG, Fin. Sec.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN-To the
officers and members of the S_n Franc
Frauen Verein: You are hereby requested to
asßemble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street.
thl'i day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late Bister. Mrs.. Rebecca
C. Meyn. f HORSTMANN , Preg .
MRS. A. MAAS, Sec.
C O V —To the officers and members of
Orympia Circle No. 141. C. O. F. : You are
hereby requested to assemble at Suhr s parlor?.
1209 Mission street, this flay (Sunday), at
1:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
companion, Mrs. Rebecca c. Meyn. By order
. MRS MINNIE WARREN.
Chief Companion.
MRS. ALICE FOLLETT, Fin. Sec.
VETERAN RRBEKAHS— You are requested to
attend the funeral of our late sister, Rebecca
C Meyn this day (Sunday), from Suhr's par-
it rf. 1209 Mission street. By order of the
president. MARY A. HAWLEY. Sec.
&TOOAN-In this city. August 13. ISM. John
F.-Utf-nt. deerly beloved husband of Bi'leJ'a
X Mogan an.l father of Joseph Mogan. a
native of Loughrea. County Galwviy. Jrt-
land. aged 70 years 1 month and m Jays.
MORRIS— In Byron Springs, August 13. 1898,
Rosalie relict of the late Joseph Morris, and
beloved mother of Mrs. Tina Breslauer and
Edward Morris, a native of Germany, aged
75 years.
' fy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to Attend th- funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, at her
late residence. 2118 Bush street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from' Third and Townsend streets.
Please omit flowers.
NEATE— In this city August 1. 1898, x..omas
A Neate. a native of England, aged . ."■
years.
IC"Frlend>« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metxler. 656 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OI'ERMATT— In Oakland. August 12, 7895,.
John Francis, dearly beloved son of Louis
and Nellie Odermatt. and brother of Lillian,
Clarence and Ritta Odermatt, a native of
Sun Finncipco, aged 11 year*.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
fPundaV); at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
th« r'Prerts 1012 Pine street. West Oakland,
tl-en.e to St Patrick's Church, where rcrv-
Ice-i ■•-111 bt- held. Interment St. Mary s
Cemetery. .„„
POPOVICH— In this city, August 12. 1898,
Lucci Popovich, a native of Boeche dl i.at-
taro Rlsart. Austria, aged 64 years.
(CTFrlendo and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the 'uneral this day
(Sunday). at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall.
corner ' Seventh and Market streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Fidelity Lodge No. 222, I. O. O. F. Interment
Laurel" Hill Cemetery. Remains at parlors of
j ? Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
RILT-In this city. August 12. 18%, Joao Gomez
Rily. a native of Madeira Island, aged 19
years and 10 months.
fTTFriendi" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Portuguese
Protective and Benevolent Association's Hail.
510 Bush street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery Remains at the parlors of Mc-
Avoy & Co.. 1235 Market street.
KTT— In Bay Farm Inland. Alameda, Au-
"" gust 11 ISM, Daniel, beloved husband of
>rah F Bwett, and Father of Laura A. and
i'il'i- Burrls and W. C.. Lucy F. and Daniel
' [TT'Frlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the iuneral services
this day (Sunday), at 3:45 o'clock, at the
Unitarian Church. Grand street. Alameda:
Grand-street station, broadgauge; Morton-
street station. narrow-gauge. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
THOMPSON —In this city, August 12, IS9S.
Frank M.. beloved husband of Mary A.
Thompson and father of Edward and Mabel
Thompson, a native of Chicago, 111., aged
61 years.
r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited O attend the funeral this day
■Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1535 O'Farrell street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
TR O V A. M.— Abraham Lincoln Council No.
2 Jr. <>. U. A. M.— Officers and brothers] You
are ordered to assemble at P.'nal i"."rlth Hall.
52 1 Eddy utreet. this day (Sunday), at 1
o'clock ?hnrp, to attend th ■ funeral of our
late brother. Frank M. Thompson, from his
late residence. 1935 O'Farrell street. Inter-
ment I O. O. F. Cemetery. Fines fr>r non-
attendance. L. M. CARRINGTON.
.1. W. CABBY, Rec. Sec Councilor.
WEAVER- In the City and County Hospital.
August 12, 1898, Henry Weaver, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 33 years.
!McAVOY & GALLAGHER. g
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERSI
20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School. v
I ■ Telephone, South SO. ii-^^^m
JAB. ENGLISH. T. R. CARBW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEK3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
«1 Van Ness aye., near Market »t-. S»a
Fr«nclf>co. Telephone 80. ISC
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earle Fruit Company auctioned Cali-
fornia fruit as follows:
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— Malaga Grapes aver-
aged $1 67; Hungarian Prunes, U 35 to $1 60.
average $1 M. One car sold.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Baturday, August 13.
Ptmr City of Sydney. Plllsbury. 24 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 16 days 11 hours and 13
mln.
SPOKEN.
July 15— Lot 4 30 N. long 115 03 W. Br ship
Port Logan, from Astoria, for Cork.
Aug 11— Lai 37 N. long 127 \V, schr Muriel,
hence Aug 9, for Puget Sound.
July 10— Lat 15 23 N, long 115 34 V, . Br ship
Dudhope. from Port Gamble, for Callao.
July 23— Lftt 23 26 N. long 12."» 20 W, schr Una,
from Panama, for San Francisco.
July 20— Lot 18 14 N, long 120 OS W, Mr ship
Ben Dearg, hence July 10. for Cork.
* DOMESTIC PORT.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 13— Bark Hurry
Morse, hence July 29; Jap stmr Rlojun Marti,
from Yokohama.
Sailed Aug Rtmr City of Tope'ca, for
Dyea; bark Ceylon, for Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Georgian,
for London; Ktmr Lebretagne, for Havre; stmr
Spaarndam, fur Rotterdam; stmr Etrurla, for
Liverpool; rtmr Patria, for Hamburg.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr
Southward, from New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr La Gascogne,
for Now York. •
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Aug Stmr Cym-
ric, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Lucania
from New York.
Balled Auk 13— Stmr Umbria, for New York.
BREMEN— Aug 13— Stmr Friedrlch der
Grosse, for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed Aug 13— Stm Waes-
land. for Liverpool.
TYPOS AT DINNER.
The Local Printers' Union Banquet
the Delegates to the State
Convention.
The banquet tomlere<l tho visiting print
ers of tho State convention by the local
union, served at Campl's, last night, was
an elegant rf-pnst, and an eloquent trib-
ute to trades unionism. James H. Barry,
Cyren E. Fisk, David Lubin and. Judge
Robert Ferral talked upon economic
questions and their opposite bearing to
the question of the betterment of the
working people. Their short and enter
taining speeches were in no sense repe
titions of the stock shop talk of the walk
ing delegate and chronic howler, but
quite in line with the real effort of thr.t
element of the trades unions whose de
sire is to satisfactorily settle the differ
ences between the. man who has labor to
sell and the man who purchases that
commodity. There were also short ad
dresses by:
J. K. Phillips. L.. P. Ward, William
Hlnton. A. J. Read. William Clack, <:
B. Huse, S. H. Jenner, S. L. Robbins,
William Miner. M. A. Mclnnis was
the toast master. . ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
HARES MADE
THEIR ESCAPE
Long Courses at Union
Park Yesterday.
SOME VERY FAST SAPLINGS
METALLIC WILL BE PLAYED TO
WIN THE STAKE.
I A Large Concourse of Sport-Lovers
Witnessed the Races at Ingle-
side Park ..'ester
day.
The few days of warm and pleasant
w.ather had excellent effect on the hares
at Union Park yesterday. The little short
tail runners of the Merced plains ran
like demons, and as a consequence many
of them made their escape, much to the
satisfaction of leashmen, who take pleas
ure In .seeing the game, little flyers win
their freedom.
The players of dogs who are wise in
judgment got a severe upset In the first
j course of the open stake. Lightning, a
24 to 1 favorite over Little Dorritt. was
badly beaten. liberty Bell defeated
i Camilla after a "no course." Right Bower
| and Forget had three hard courses. The
first and second were "no goes," but when
they met the third time Bower won eas
ily. Tod Sloan was not in condition, and
| having been withdrawn by his owner,
| Lightning ran a bye with Glenstone, the
; hare escaping.
Capadura gave the favorite Hercules a
good run for the i!ag. Hercules sold a
7 to 1 favorite. Mystery and Tic Tac were
withdrawn. Minerva, a shortender, beat
Commodore, who did not run up to form;
but Minerva, nevertheless, ran a very
fast course,
Sweet Lips easily disposed of Governor
Markham, and as she will meet Metallic
to-day the race should be well worth see-
Ing. She will give Metallic a hot race if
a Btrong hare is met. Victor Chief, an
Eastern dog of good breeding, ran away
from Elmer G during the 4irst half of the
! course, but he died away long before the
finish. It Is doubtful If he will win his
first course to-day.
In the sapling stake Lopez' dogs s.ir
i prised the talent. Santa Inez romped
! away from Read Agent, and Santa Ana
easily disposed of Thisbe. Santiago slip
ped for the first time, ran unsighte.l tor
quite a distance, but when he got down
to running he showed great speed and
endurance.
The' result of the day's meeting is as
follows:
Open stake; first round— Little Dorritt beat
Lightning; Jennie Wilson beat Tocaloma;
Mona beat St. Carlo; Liberty Bell beat Ca
milla: Cavalier, beat Sportsman; Lalla Rookh
beat Scbley; Right Bower beat Forget; Glen
stone beat Tod Sloan; Douglas beat Crusader;
Laurelwood 11 beat Little Doubt; Gladys Pasha
beat Native Son; Jesse Moore beat Glen wood;
Minneapolis beat Little Delight; Lady Blanche
beat Tob«»co: Rapid beat Black Pattl; Her
cules beat Capadura: Vanity Fair beat Moon
light; Mountain Beauty beat Lanky Bob;
Glen Rosa beat Highland Ball; Bendalong beat
Miller's Maid: Trier'. n beat Llssak; Wlldflower
beat Bouncing Biddy: Minerva beat Commo
dore: Sweet Lips beat Governor Markham; Me
tallic beat Seldom; Victor Chief beat Elmer Ci:
Wlnona beat Dr. Norman: Grasshopper beat
Chill Pepper: Van Knapp beat The Got-soon;
Lord Byron beat Alnmeda.
Sapling stake: result — Santa Inez beat Road
Agent- Santa Ana beat Tntebe; Rollicking
Airs beat Santiago; Lady Garnet beat Santa
Rita: Bit of Fashion beat St. Elmo.
Judging from the manned in which Bit
of Fashion ran yesterday she should win
the first prize, with Santa Ana second.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
A Large List, of Entries Fur-
nishes Exciting Sport to
Spectators.
Eighty-eight dops competed in the in
itial run-down of the all-nged stak»- a 1
Ingleside yesterday. This large entry
kept the bettoPi on the move, and fur
nished exciting sport to the many hun
dred spectators that were In attendai c« .
The greatest surprise of the day was
occasioned when Daisy L, a practically
unknown quantity, lowered the colors of
the great Mlalmo, at odds of 14 to 1. The
winner of the Merced stake last year was
looked upon as Invincible, and therefore
very few bettors got aboard the ripe odds.
Wlu-n the white Hag was raised declaring
Daisy 1- the winner the bettors fairly
yelled in surprise. The unknown dog set
the pare and worked the hare throughout,
winning a deserving course.
Previous to the former race the talent
had things their own way. not a short
ender landing, although the odds aver
aged 15 to 1.
Among the notable courses of the day
was that of Sylvia and Hot Stuff. In
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®®®®®®®®©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
1 where VAIT TAM RC riIDCFI
®
© ,____ , V OU NEED NOT SUFFER
® -__ IIIL»._ with catarrh, a chronic dls-
/-» f^ w^ll. Jfi^^w ease, consumption or a deformity,
® / VMm fi"^**WK or a complication of ailments, If
g> L *-»* JHH / you will place yourself in the hands
~T R^>— An I ' < of the five doctors of this success-
® If EF) !_,. JS '"' medical institution. Each Is a
(*) L*f?V dti/ <i 3¥ Js_T* 4M\l specialist for two or more diseases;
vKfrS^jfiSfl . 1/ rJI they have had many years of sue-
© fttiiSsWL _<£__- !/ cessful practice; they have the
• !b«*?BI"E> / 3_5h_ *W**' r f largest institution of the kind in
-riSK/v\_wjC»* ,_sEss_ x L America and the best remedies,
® .ff , t^IJ.JL/t' 1 L tf>S yjljw methods and appliances.
I C~^® V V-^ Among the ailments
1 o^vT<Sil'^®%> I Cured by English and
1 f^fi>2SkL».f German Expert Spe-
ll |alP|J|| cial ! StS are the fo1 "
~. I \j)T"~' V VJ^ '■ Brighfs Disease, all other Diseases
W > •" | of the Kidneys; Diseases of the
© Established twenty-five years. Bladder and Kindred Organs,
© incorporated under the laws of Gal.- Jfig; JgjJ^ |p- ; _, Bowels.
0 fornla for $250,000. an d Nerves. Also Impoverished
fo ■ ■ Blood and Blood Poison, Scrofula,
Z, Catarrh Tonsilitls, Consumption, Bronchitis, Asthma and other Lung Trou-
® bles. Tumors. Deformities. Insomnia, Melancholia, Paralysis, Rupture. Dy-
(!) senterv Dyspepsia, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Stiff and Swollen Joints, Fe-
X male Complaints, including Ovarian troubles, Piles, Fistula. Obesity, Ring-
w Worm Goitre, Tobacco, Opium, Cocaine and Liquor Habit; Headache, Ery-
© Blpelas, Gout, Tape Worm, Biliousness, Dropsy, Gall Stone, Eczema. Freck-
/cv les Blackheads, Cancer, etc.; and Chronic Diseases generally. The two
v surgeons who compose a part of the staff perform all surgical operations
© when necessary.
© Catarrh Cured for $5 a Month. No Other Charges. All Medioines Free. '
© The Catarrh specialists of the English and German expert specialists
/c\ have long been noted for the rapid and permanent cures of Catarrh of the
J Head, Nose and Throat. If you have a symptom of the disease In a chronic
® state you should get their advice at once.
z? Consultation F*i-e?e>.
JL You can learn all about your physical "condition by consulting the Eng-
W lish and German Expert Specialists. It will cost you absolutely nothing,
© no matter whether you take treatment or not. You cannot know too much
/r\ about your ailment, and it is rare indeed that, such a combination of skilled
physicians offers to give, free of charge, the benefit of their long years of
© study, research and experience.
® No Poisonous Drugs.
® The English and German Expert Specialists have a large and well-
,-. stocked private laboratory. A competent druggist fills all prescriptions for
patients of the Institution free of charge. No minerals or dangerous drugs
© : are ever dispensed — nothing but the extracts of .buds, barks, berries, roots,
/^ herbs, leaves and flowers being used.
r[ If you cannot call, write for advice, question list and private book for
© men or women all free. . .;;
® ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS,
)r 731 MARKET STREET, BAN FRANCISCO. HOURS— to 12, Ito 5. daily; evenings,
l! ;\* v vj«." Take Elevator, -; 7to 8; Sundays, 9 to 11.
tm
their first trial it was undecided, the fa
vorite leading before being outworked.
In the run-off Hot Stuff led by fifteen
lengths and wun easily. The reason for
his poor work in the first trial was QUe
to his picking up a small stick, which re
mained wedged in his foot.
Lottie M ami Chiquita also put up an
exciting contest. Tlv- former led. but
Chiquita got in and coverrd the hare to
Lottie's exclusion. In the second trial it
wns Lottie's game throughout, Chiquita
running wide.
The most exciting course of the day
was between Swinnerton and Phoebe,
they running a long no go. On going back
to "the slips Svlnnerton led, but Phoebe
got in on the bare at the lower corner of
the field in one of the most twisting and
exciting courses ever run on the sward.
The puppy held the veteran down tintil
even the most experienced leashmen were
puzzled as to who would be the winner.
Swinnerton finally won. but by a narrow
margin. Phoebe Is Ptill in the puppy
Class, but with more experience she will
make a great dog. Trlnkett defeated
Leonora at 7 to z and Palmer Hill beat
Las Palmas at ft to ?>.
False Flatterer and Moondyne are selling
even to win tht- stake to-day, but there is
some fear felt that Hot Stuff will do the
trick. Mtalmo Is also favored, but since
her surprising defeat the talent is play
ing wiry.
The running in detail was as follows:
T. J. Mclnerney's Ro»ie K. beat Napoleon
Kennel's Pacific Queen: I. L. Sear's Hot Stuff
beat Kay & Trant's Sylvia: J. Deans Moon
dyne beat S. K. Portal's Our Boy; Handy &
Smith's Ida beat J. J. O'Brien's Admiral
Dewey: Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen beat
D. Ford's Handy Andy; E. V. Sullivan s False
Flatterer beat D. Shannon's Sprie o Hill: K.
Wyman's Rush o1o 1 Hill beat J. O'Brien's Miss
Perkins: E. Campbell's Lee Boy beat T.
Hushes' Nelly II. ; Lynch & Manor's Lottie. M.
beat G. Smart's chiquita: Handy & Smith «
Victor bent D. Flynn's Tom Bell; D. Shan
non's Soubrette bent P. O'Donnell'fl Counter
felt; S. Hanson's Long- Shot Connolly beat Pe
nelope Kennel's San Mateo: F. Black a Occi
dental beat E. M. Klkin's Telephone Girl; J.
McCormick's White Lily beat R. Cochran a
Traveler; Gibson & Moore's Monitor lost a Dye
to San Mateo (Judge B. absent) : W. Dalton s
Decency beat Pembroke Kennel's Petmnlous:
Larkey & Rock's Peaceful Glen beat G.Thomas
Sir Walter; Kay & Tranfs Innlsfallen beat M.
Allen's Miss Alice: D. Shannon's Swinnerton
beat Lowe & Thompson's Phoebe: A. Vander
herfr's Hobson beat .1. Cox's Clifton Lass: \\.
M. O'Neil's Promise Me beat J. Sheehan s Lass
o' Gowrie; J. Peril's Wayfarer beat F. Mur
phy's Gilt Ed*e: J. Cox's Mission Tip beat J.
McCormick's White Wings: D. Hooper's Koo
lawn beat Napoleon Kennel's Valley Star; ','
Shannon's Systematic beat Kay & Trant s
Eclipse; G. Burflnd's Royal Prize beat C.
Strehl's Skylark; Napoleon Kennel's FlrebauKh
heat Lahus»>n * Duncan's Precita Girl; G.
Smart's Silk wood beat Dillon & Rellly s
Dauntless: M. C. Delano's Daisy Hill beat J.
Dean's Mlalmo: J. Strand's Newsboy beat F.
G ntiman's Whitehall; M. C. Delano 9
Trinket beat Kay & Trent's Leonora; B.
Dougherty's Palmer Hill beat Penelone Ken
nel's Las Palmas: O. H. Hoar's Obadiah beat
Lahusen & Duncan's May W. : Larkey &
Rock's Myrtle beat Napoleon Kennel s Deco
rator: A. Halifh's Hadiwlrt bent J. Farley s
Tulllmore; Deckelmann ft Panario s Glen Roy
beat Kay & Trant's Masterpiece: Deckleman
& Panario's Old Glory beat P. Gaffney's Lo
ralr.e- S. J. Crontn's Thornhlll beat O Connell
Brothers' Lo X Boy: D. Kaher's B-iIP of Mos
cow beat Pembroke Kennel's Magic; Larkej &
Rock's Emerald beat J. Murphy's Dempsey
Lass: Kay & Trant's Cross Patch beat George
F Ehmnn's Fireman: Bonita and Lynch &
Matin's Mystic Maid ran a lons no ko, and in
the next run down D. Ford's Bonita won: 1. J.
Mclnerney's Johnny R. bent E. V. Sullivan s
Royal Buck: Russell & Wilson s Lady Her
schel beat P. Brophy's Benlcla Boy The
probable winners to-day are: Hot Stuff, Moon
dyne. False Flatterer. Rush o1o 1 Hill. '}£}<>*•
Soubrette. Occidental. Decency. Peaceful Glen,
Swlnn-rton. Promise Me. Koolawn. Prstem
atic. Fireball, Daisy Hill. Trinket. Myrtle.
Hadiwlst. Thornhill. Crosspatch. Johnny R. t
DETECTED BY THE "BUZZER."
George Kitterman Arrested for Bur
glary and Carrying a Con
cealed Weapon.
George Kitterman. a young man 27
years of age. and said to be well con
nected, was arrested yesterday afternoon ,
by Policeman Fahey on charges of burg
lary and carrying a concealed weapon.
Kitterman owes his arrest to a "buz
1 zer" In the telephone In Bon Brothers'
1 saloon. Sixth and Mission streets. The <
i bartender's attention was attracted to the
i telephone in the office by the sound of
! the "buzzer." and on going there he found
1 Kitternmn at work on the telephone box.
He had forced off the padlock and was
working on the box containing the nickels
with the screwdriver.
He was detained until Policeman Fahey
arrived and when searched a "jimmy"
and a revolver were found in his pockets.
The telephone box contained $2 50 in
nickels.
Music at the Park To-Day.
March "In thp Surf ..Flinn
Overture "Ruy Bias" Mendelsohn
"Golden Beetles Soiree" Kilns
"Ptvertissnvnt Kspnfrnol" -..Desorraes
Selection. "A.!cla" U Verdi
Overture, "Roman Carnival Berlioz
Clarionet solo, "Shadow Dance from Dlno
rah" Meyerbeer
Performed by C. Caspar).
Intermezzo from "Cavalleria Ru»tlcnna"
Ma-'i-apnt
Muatcal jok<>. "The Jolly Musicians"'.. Muscat
March, ''Commodore Bchley'B" — Falkenstein
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bnfh. T,nrkln =tP. : swimming. Kunslan. hot and
cold tub haths: salt n'»r direct from ocean.
A irJse Chinese Maiden.
Wong Nim. 732 Commercial street, swore
to a complaint in Jud?re Joachlnsen'n
court yesterday for the arrest of Len Boy
on the charpe of felony embezzlement.
Wong Nim became enamored of Len Boy
and Friday pave hf>r a diamond solitaire
ring and a gold toothpick valued at $S2
to keep for him. She has fled to Lor
AngcU-s. takinp the ring and the gold
toothpick with her.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, Corner Fourth,
SECOND FLOOR. FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-No 7
PAINLESS EXTRACTION!
w v WI of/&e I^l/^ consultation FREE.
N*L!Fn\ r /V f/Sh^ OUR SPECIALTY-Crown «nd BridUa
V^\v. '^H^BS^ Qfcg* Work. PAINLESS EXTRACT ON ft °
<&N ' '^^a «r-rrrr *<®l -J 11 * Clifii^ is always ahead in Advanced
> y fef ' i /'y!fr^'" Dental Science. No Students Employed
<%Xf^!^^^Ml\^ THI# - For the next 30 D yS °" r Prices Will Be *
—WET IK) >^^^^^KAK At r n|f FULL SET OF TEETH for $4 50 un
/ ''l!Mm''v\^. r^T~-^. GOLD CROWNS. 22k 3-, '
FOR/rMj> i^.V:v\ YOU^te BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 3M up
il W&ff £f^&''\^ " SILVER FILLING 25c up
7 \&' & \ \ Extracted gold filling 75 C up
V'^L fc/l FILLED CLEANING TEETH 50c up
TEETH &7 CR OWNE 2 A Physician Always in Attendance.
WITHOUT PAIN SKILLED OPERATORS-LADY ATTENDANT
Offlc Hours—!) a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 a. m. to 2 p. m.
GOLDEN GATE HALL. \ WONG WOO,
The Distinguished Musical Director. I^V CHINESE TEA AND HERB
Ml? WM I TftWIIN^ hf 9 SANITARIUM.
MX. VIM. L. IUJHLini3, fe F 764-66 CLAY ST.. Saamnoisco.o^.
Will conduct oratorio rehearsals and vocal Jhjjffjr'i Al , ... .
classes for teachers on WEDNESDAYS AND 't^/fs^^ .All «»••;««» cured "Uu^
i-iimivs fr>i- ffmr w.-cks "^SV? H •'?}<■ J?i«^ ly "y Cnlnesa ceros, over 3'JfJ9
For Particulars Apply to /J^^f-'" 1 varieties beln« u»ed. ADVICH
For Partlcu ar9 c A | TAD^ FFLDi FREE. Hour* »-M to U*. m.. Ito 3 and 7co
_^ . 225 Slitter Street. Ip.m. ' '
PROCLAMATION.
I STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, ISM.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
i California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
1 fling on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1837
I two-thirds of all the members elected to eacn
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
tcribed amendments to tho Constitution or tne
State of California, to- wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion. In relation 10 revenue and taxation, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
' read a? follows: '■ _
Section IS. No county, city, town, tov-nshlp.
board of education, or school district shall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the income and revenue provided for It ; for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
i election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
j less before, or nt the time of Incurring such
! indebtedness, provision *hall be made for the
! collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
! the Interest on such Indebtedness as It fail*
due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
: fund for the payment of the principal thereof
I on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same: provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claim* with Interest thereon for
1 material* furnished to and work done for said
1 city nnd county during the forty-third ana
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income ana
j revenue of any succeeding rear or years; pro-
: vldod. that any and all claims for making, re-
: pairing altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
• Hey, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
I jtruetion of any sewer or sewers in said city
j and county are hereby excented from the pro-
visions of this section: and In determining any
claim permitted to be raid by this section, no
rtatute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
j Vallejo, In Solano County, may pay '« exiirt-
i ing Indebtedness Incurred In the construction
of its waterworks, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at on election held for
that purpose, shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore redtea.
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the :
State of California an amendment to tne con- ■
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
counties, of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read an follows: :
Section "H. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with, and sub-
ject to. the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who ,
have been, for at least five years, qualified ;
electors of such county, to be elected by the
Qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It »nall l>«
within ninety days after such election, to pre- j
rare and propose a county government act for
such county, irblcta shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the membrs of such board, or a ma- ;
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereor
to the Board of Supervisors or oth<>r legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy ;
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the ;
county Such proposed county government act :
fhall then be published in two papers of gen- ■
eral circulation in such county, or If there be ]
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
!<>ast twenty days, and within not less than j
thirty day* after such publication it shall be ,
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, «tnd If I
a majority of such qualified electors voting ;
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there- j
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its |
rejection or approval, as a whole, without ;
nower of alteration or amendment, and If ap- i
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such !
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act. and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A cony of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county, |
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such coonty
invfnment act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deros'tel one In the office of the Secretary of
= tate the other, after being recorded in the
o'flce of the recorder of deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act bo ratified may be
ended at intervals of not less than two
rears by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
nullified electors thereof, at a general or
Special election held at least forty day* after
the publication of such proposals for twenty
;•.„ in a newspaper of general circulation In
such county, and ratified by at least three-
fifths of the qualified electors voting thereon,
and approved by the Legislature as herein pro-
vided for tht approval of the oounty govern-
ment act In submitting any such county gov-
ernment act any alternative article or proposi-
tion may be presented for the choice of the
voters, and may be voted on separately with-
out prejudice to others. /■ f-
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, /to provide for ths manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for tha
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and 'for the compensation payable to each of
ruch deputies, for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed: and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
euch boards, and of their clerks ami attaches;
also, to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted: and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner and
method herein pointed out. adopted any county
government act. and the same shall h.ive been
approved by the Legislature as aforesaid, the
directions of sections four and five of this
nrtlcla providing for the uniformity of a
system of county governments throughout the
State, and likewise providing for the election
and appointment of officers, and the regula-
tion of tlielr compensation, shall net apply.
Bald county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnr.bove provided for and «de-
clared by such county government net. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by. amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the Ptate. by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The -aid proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
• Section EH- The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
■who may be requested by th" Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear, and determine air claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows :
In the City of Lou Angeles commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In th* City and County of San Francisco.
commencing on the second Monday In July,
»nd
In tie City of . Sacramento, commencing on 1
the second Monday of November of esch yea*.
The Judges holding such term of court shell
receive rio extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry cut the provision*
of this section.
AMKNDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th*
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the Btate. amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to bo known
as section number five and one-half relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th«
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section CU. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
efght of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
fßefng Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. M.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California, an amendment of eoctloa
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of tba
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In tba
name manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
Ha shall be president of the Senate, but shall
inly have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of th« impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties
of his office, resignation, or absence from th*
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue .of the term, or until the disability
shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor be impeached, displaced, resign, die, or
become Incapable of performing the duties of
his office, or bo absent from the State, th*
presided pro tempore of the Senate shall act
as Governor until the vacancy in the office of
Governor shall be filled at the next genera!
election when members of the Legislature shall
be chosen, or "->t!l such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a va-
cancy in the office of Governor for any of th»
reaixms above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempor»
of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
duties of Governor, then the powers and duties
of such office shall devolve upon the Speaker
of the Assembly, until the office of Governor
shall be filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Conrtltutlonal Amendment
No. 38).
A resolution to propose to the people of th*
State of California an amendment to Section
six. Article nine of the Constitution of the Sta;«
of California, relating to grammar schools by
which ft Is proposed to amend said section to
rend as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and jrrammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools.
and technical schools as may be established hy
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
Fhall be applied exclusively to the support if
prlmnry and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In »
school district, or union of school districts.;
having more than one thousand inhabitants, la
which a course of study shall b« taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining | or scientific department of the Uni-
versity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34).
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to cessions of the Legislature, by which it
Is proposed to amend said section to read aa
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shalj
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain,
la sesuion for twenty-five days, after which It
must ndjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time cf ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to .agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling, the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall bs allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days. and..
no bill shall be Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session.,
without the consent of three-fourths of th»
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th*>
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval. 1 ' approved March 7. A. D. ISSJ.
the above-described Proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of tfc%
State, at th election to be held throughout
th ' TiIKSDAT, NOVEMBER 8. A. D. IS3S.
The said proposed amendnents are to be sep-
arately voted upon '- manner and form as fol-
°Bneh ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon- the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
* (exempting certain cln!rr« against the !
Cltv an*! County of Pan FBanclscc. and
the exiting Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vnllejo for the construction of Its.
water works from the provisions of Na
the Con"tltntlon requiring surhclnims
to be paid from the income? and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
Incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two. being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framinar local county
government arts by Inhabitants oH No
counties ?or their government). I
For the Amendment? (
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f
ate Constitutional Amendment No. I
44 (providing for the creation of a |
Court of Claims to determine claims 1 Te»
against the State, and to consist of'
three Superior Judges designated by N«t
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 ■ (exempting: consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or-
sanded, or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor. Tea
providing for succession thereto In
certain cases and removing disabilty No
of -i.teutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six. being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. S3 Tea
(relating to and defining Grammar'
Schools). ' :■ Na
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Te»
Legislature for not less than thirty- — ——
nor more than sixty days during each r>.a
cession).
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of th*
State at California, the day tnd year herein
first above written.
JAMES H. BTTDD. Governor.
Attest: I* B. BRQW2J, Secretary of. fetal*.
ISKAL.I 'ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CHEESMAN
MADE LOVE TO
TWO SISTERS
Etta Payne Believes
Him Sane.
■ . «...
INSANITY SAID TO BE A RUSE
DECLARED CRAZY TO AVOID A
TRIAL YEARS AGO.
'■£he Wounded Girl Tells of Some
Damaging Statements the
'.' ■"••;; Murderer Once Made
'. '■■"■■■ to Her.
• Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 13.
.;•; Frank Chrosman will not rind it an easy
:. matter to establish his defense of insan
■ ity when his trial is called.
'•• -Miss Etta Payne, with whom Cheesman
was I, Is still suffering, at the
Lying Hospital from a bullet wound
inflicted by her would-be lover. She is as
yet unable to move, but the ri
•that in all probability the girl will be re
■ moved to her home some time next
. : ' The time for Chessman's trial will be set
.-.next Mon itta Payne will be the
'•'. most Important witness. The girl scoffs
.'at the idea that Cheesman (s insane, and
.-. says that she will avenge her father's
cruel murder.
:■■■ "I feel sure that my father's murde.ror
•. .will get his Just punishment," said the
. -utifortunate fe-irl to-day. "Cheesman may
I'pljLy all the crazy-man he pleases, but
isider him just as sane as anybody.
; When 1 first met him it was at our Elm;
.■ hurst home last M
• ..' ."Oh. no, I never loved him: but I con
fess that I did make him believe in the
■ beginning that I might marry him some
■■: : dv*y. We had not gone together much
..before I heard that Cheesman was cruel
•..to his mother; and that he had once been
;■•. i:i an insane asylum. Of course, this was
I--B.U a. great surprise to me, and !
:. to think that I had better not go with
:'hi.m any more. I never intended to marry
: him anyway, but the next time 1 saw him
I spoke to him about It.
''Frank Cheesman told me that it was
true he had been in an asylum, He said
, .he had called for a drink in a saloon' one
■ liny and when the bartender demanded
..." Fi;j.y he shot him; and to save himself
:. ■ Rom being- sent to San Que'ntin his folks
: . : had him Bent to an insane asylum.
. • -.."This was enough for me, and L re
■ ga'rried him thereafter as an unworthy
- man and refused to go with him. He had
";-. several times told me if he aver caught
. -jne out with any other gentleman on the
' .'"'street- he would shoot me, but I never
/•'•had any fear of him. He vas the first
man I ever went with, for there were but
ijew."men at Elmhurst.
■ "{.guess he really loved me. One night
he' came around to ■ our house in Klmhurpt
..and refused to leave. So he . stood out
' ' by the fence until 2 o'clock in the morn
: "fli*,'. smoking cigarettes. He must have
.;• b'-fen drinking. Anyway that was the
■ time my father had him arrested for dis
■' turWng- the pea My father forbade me
■porng with him thereafter, but 1 went
" : -w3th him a few times mores.
■ ; : . Gheesman always talked rationally to
.. me: 1 never, believed him Insane, even
- : after he admitted that -he had been in
.van-asylum, and I do not consider him in
■. .sane now. Only last Saturday he told
■■-. me. he'd shoot me if he caught me walk
,': ing with any one else, but 1 wasn't afraid
. -.and- when I wrote him the letter of July
■.'.'2s 'l let him down as easy as possible
-. .His only motive for killing my father
.was revenge."
•> .Mrs. Joßie Brooke, the girl's step
brother, was amused over the idea that
, Cheesman had accidentally shot her in
 his. effort to fire another bullet into the
' prostrate body of her husband on the
•.eventful night.
". : . VI haven't the slightest doubf that
....Cheesman wanted to kill me." she said
..■••"'I. was the one he was maddest about'
•.. for .1 had frequently ordered him away
.■ .-from the house.
('.■ "Cheesman had shot again at my hus-
V .band after the latter had fallen on the
.... kitchen floor, and he then turned around
• ■ and shot directly at m*». He told us once
.■• that he had been in an asylum to avoid
-■•'the penitentiary."
,'. Since the murder it has been asserted
;-.by-.:some that Frank Cheepman and Etta
■ Payne had been married by contract
' some two months ago. This idea, it was
. claimed, was moreover supported by the
: . -letter from Clara Payne ' which " was
y ..found among Cheesman's possessions, and
■•_■ in; which Clara designated herself as
;.•'• '■' your sister-in-law."
■•"•.". .This alleged marriage is emphatically
.-. denied . by Etta and her mother.. They
•■;••• haVe lately received a letter from Clara
■.. dated- at Sams Valley, Jackson County,
.'•'•Oregon, August Bth, in which this girl
■V .shows that "she had heard nothing of
..the ■ shooting as yet, but she wrote
■. : ".What kind of a man is Frank Cheea
.•':nian? He ."aid in a letter that he would
• : -send me a ticket if I would agree to
■■:;<>bttie down to Oakland and be his friend.
.;■ I '.doh.'.t know what he means."
'".••'•Sirs. Brooke says that when Cheesman
'. learned of Etta having a sister he wrote
' •'•to her and signed as "your brother-in
"-. law."
•• ' '."Clara is a mere girl, and in good hu
:. v.mor answered the letter, signing her
•;."■ self as his sister-in-law," said Mrs.
Brooke. "Etta and Cheesman were not to
•'.--.•be/ married, and it was all* Cheesman's
..-.lde.a~ :Indeed, I do not think him insane;
■.-.. in fact, he told me that he had oncd
../I tpade people believe him crazy, but he
' -.' bad- fooled them. Ido think, though,
that he is the most dangerous man in
• this .community, and the sooner he Is
. out of existence the better for the world.
Remember what 1 tell you; Frank Chees
— man- will never escape his just deserts
••■ for. my husband's cruel murder." ;
;:'-'-'; :'-'-' "-. .'■;■ '• ' - " i
•NEW THEATER TO BE
■■-• ■■:-.;■ BUILT AT HAYWARDS
•:. an; innovation for the IN- j
;••• /■ TERIOR OF THE COUNTY.
•/ Said to Be the Finest Playhouse
.•■•, . ■ Between San Francisco and
=■=:' ' .-.: • ■ San Jose.
.'•.:•.•:,' .Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
•.••".' -■■•'• • 908 Broadway, Aug. 13.
, . Hay-wards is to have a handsome play- ;
.- hxsus"e.- For many years an attempt has
•;:been" made to establish a first-class the
.Jater. in the interior of this county, but
; '•■•all. such attempts have failed, and so far
: .the results have not even been of such
» a standard as to be classed even with that
.'•branch "of the profession known as barn-
.storming. , . .
.:'■'.' There are many towns contiguous to
:• Haywards, and there is a population of
';.. sufficient size to justify the opening: of a
..■■.Teallyflrst-class theater. Captain R. Bar- j
ron, .a local capitalist, has % already in
•" Rested heavily In the venture, and during
"the 'first week of next month the. Hay
:'.\va.rds Opera-house will be opened. The
'. biliLdlrig is on the main -street and has
• Been thoroughly furnished in an . up-to- !
'■. : "d^te style/ Many attractions have been
••' : b6oked for the winter.- and those ' who
•■have- backed the enterprise are very con
' fident of its success. .
"■ "Frank B. Hooson is the manager, and
'tine hr the features of the management
••.•will "be' the introduction of local talent
.•' whenever desirable. . '
"> '"There is no reason," : said Manager
• U«osoh to-day, "why this large section
■ of the county should not have a thorough
ly up-to-date theater. Saveral attempts
have been made in the past to establish
BU«h a place, but they all failed more for
want or a proper building than anything
else. The opera-house has been laid out
on lines recommended by experienced the
atrical men. and it is as good as any the
ater between San Francisco and San Jose,
with perhaps one exception. We have aJ
rtady booked several companies, ana this
ilone is sufficient proof that theat
rical managers believe this to be a fruit
ful Held. Occasionally an effort will be
made to bring oot a star. This., part or
the county has already produced actors
actresses who have made their
marks, and there are, no doubt, many
more' awaiting an opportunity to displaj
thetr talent. The new playhouse will oe
, : the beginning of net* month, and
tfie venture will be something altogether
superior to anything ever dreamed of be
fore in this township."
MAY DIE OF A
GUNSHOT WOUND
FELIX DORIAC'S ARM IS BADLY
SHATTERED BY ACCIDENT.
Was Dragging a Loaded Rifle Into a |
Buckboard When It Ex
ploded.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 13.
Felix Dorlac, well known in the local
French community, and a laundryman.
residing at Sixteenth and Grove Btreets,
is at deaths door as the result of an ac
cident which overtook him on Thursday
last, during a hunting trip to Walnut
Creek. Doriac shot himself while yetting j
Into a buckboard, and besides losing a:i I
arm, it is feared now that he will die i
from his wound. I>r. E. H. Woolsey, in
nt attendance, is making a desper- |
•:ort to save the man's life,
Doriac started out on a hunting ex
pedition on Wednesday last, and had
Planned to return the following day. He
was ready to leave Walnut Creek and
iiad prepared to enter a buekboard when
the accident occurred.
Doriac got into the riff and attempted j
to pull his double-barreled shotgun after
him. He had failed to extract the shells
which he had last placed in the weapon
and which he hod not exploded. As he
drew the gun toward him, one of the
triggers caught on the step of the ve
hicle and exploded the piece. The heavy
charge of shot entered the unfortunate
Frenchman's left forearm, tore away the
flesh and penetrated to his shoulder and
chest. Doriac fell fainting in his rig and
trifled horse ('.ashed away with him.
Bystanders stopped the rig Boon after
ward, thereby avoiding a frightful sequel
to the accident, and then summoned a
doctor. Doriac suffered great pain. Dr.
E A. Leach was brought to the scene.
Me bound up Doriac'a shattered arm and
sent him home, where Dr. E. H. Woolsey
u,.s promptly called in.
Dr. Woolsey states that he is uncertain
as to the probable outcome of the
Doriac is desperately wounded, and it is
feared that mortification will set in.
The wounded man has many friends
here. He Is married and has children.
SAYS HIS WIFE HAS
A SECOND HUSBAND
John Lyman, an Oakland I/aundry
man, Hurls Charges at His Wife,
Who Claims He Is Crazy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 13. ;
John layman, foreman at the Contra
I Costa laundry, who was locked up last
i night at the Receiving Hospital, charged
j with Insanity, preferred against him by
I his wife, was partially examined by Drs.
J. L. Milton and W. F. B. Wakefield this
I morning. Mrs. Lyman relates a harrow
! ing tale of her husband's attempts to kill
her by igniting her clothes with a lamp.
At another time, so she -averred at this
morning's examination, he had his razor
j£i,.u.<. for the purpose of- imitating.. VJack
the Ripper Bhe said, also, that her hus
band accuses her of having another hus
band, whom she keeps in hiding. •
John Lyman denies the charge of in
sanity, but admits that he goes on sprees.
. Over forty witnesses have bean subpe
naed to appear next Monday.
Roy McClymonds' Funeral.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— The funeral of
Bionds. who shot himsrlf
accidentally last Thursday, took place
from the family residence, 447 'Jh'.rty
fourth street, at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
City Hall officials and the Board ot Kdu
- almost in a oody.
Bora] tributes were numerous and
tlful. The services were con.i
by Rev. John Bakewell of Trinity Kpl»oo
: by Rev. Dr. R. F.
the First Presbyterian Churcn.
The "■ . irtet— Ben Clark, Alfred
Wiikie, H. A. Melvln and George H.
Carleton— rendered by request "Beyond
the Smiling and the Weeping" and
"Good-night" during the servi.
To Contest Abbott's Will.
OAK LA XI). Aug. 13.— There will be a
r over thi g of the will of
John H. Abbott, who died in Concord, N
Bt l'ebruary. August 6. Attorney
Pred ... Button filed the petition- of Mrs.
• K> re h< vril ot this city for the pro
if t!ie will, and v«'Stfrd,ay Attorney
Holnian als<j filed a petition for the pro
of the will on behalf of Mrs. Eliza
M. Hand. ;ilso of this city. Mrs. Rand is
th« older sister. John 11. Abbott's will
pjrovide? that his four houses in Oakland
Mid San Francisco shall be divided, share
I are alike, between his four sisters-
Mrs Julia E. Chase of Concord. N. H.,
and Mrs. Mary J. Stak of Twin Bridges,
N. H.. besides the two petitioners.
Unprotected Against Accidents.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— Coroner Baldwin
conducted an inquest last night on the
death of Frank J. Odermatt. The inquest
was held at the residence of the parents
of deceased, 1012 Pine street. The verdict
was to the effect that Odermatt had. .met j
"death by being run over by freight train \
22 of the Southern Pacific Railroad, on j
Cedar street, owing 1 to a lack of proper
protection against - accident of Cedar
street and vicinity, more particularly
from Seventh to Sixteenth streets, West
Oakland." , , -
W. P. Rodgers Acquitted.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— The jury In',. the
case of W. P. Rodgers, charged. with as- |
sault with a deadly weapon on the per- ,
son of W. H. Weeks, brought in a ver
dict of acquittal this afternoon. The jury
was out two and a half hours. The ver- ,
diet seemed to affect the prisoner very
deeply, and he arose .when It was an- i
nounced and went over and kissed his ,
wife. • .
To Inspect the Water Supply.
OAKLAND Aug. 13.— The Board . of ;
Health has ordered a bacteriological ex- |
amination to be made. of the plant of the
Oakland Water Company at Twenty
eighth and Myrtle streets. Th.is action
was taken on the recommendation of Dr.
George L. Eaton.
New Artesian "Wells.
OAKLAND, Aug. Work has been
company? The work Is under the direc
tion of Paul Bros, of San Jose..
Wife Alleges Cruelty. ; -
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.-Vander Davis,
through her- attorney, Thomas J. Graber.
Commenced suit for' divorce to-day
auainst husband, Thomas J. Davis,
on the ground of habitual intemperance
and extreme cruelty.
__ • ♦ ■
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Aug. • 13.— Daniel L. Shead,
an old resident of this city, where he had
been engaged in ; the grocery business
about nineteen years, died at his home.
1519 ■ Webster street, this morning. His
funeral will take place on Tuesday. -
The Young Men's Itepuullcan dub gave
a house 'warming at its new wigwam m
the Neptune Gardens -last night.. There
was a large attendance and a programme
of 'music, speaking and athlatiq events
was rendered ' to the enjoyment of !he
la A g patriotlc Service will be held' at Christ
Church to-morrow night at whien Chap
lain Schwartz of the First New Vtik
Regiment will preach. A lar^e attend
ance of soldiers Is expected. " . ; '
•' A reception was tendered to Congn-fa
man Hllb'orn at the residence of Judge
A. B. Hunt in this city this evening.
There "was a good attendance of the
friends of the gentleman. - .
THE PAX FRANCISCO CAIiL, SryPAY, ATJO-UST 14, 1893.
IS BURIED ON
THE HILLSIDE
Father McEvoy's Final
Wish Respected.
HUNDREDS AT THE BIER
FATHER O'MAHONEY TO FILL
THE VACANT PASTORATE.
Wealthy Relatives Desired the Dead
Priest's Remains to Be Sent
East for Inter
ment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 13.
One of the most Impressive funerals
ever conducted in thla county was that
of the late Rev. John MeKvoy, whose
death was reported exclusively in yester
day's Call. Father McEvoy had been for
nearly a quarter of ;i century the parish
priest of the San Leandro and Haywarda
district and the pastor of the Church of
St. Leander in the little town of San
L.amiro.
Archbishop Riordan conducted the cere
monies, which were attended by a large
concourse of the clergy and friends.
Every family for miles around was rep
resented and was anxious to testify per-
I sonally to the bond of spiritual friendship
that has been built up during twenty-four
years.
One of the latest requests of Father Mc-
Bvoy was that his remains should be de
posited in the same little plat on the hlll
! side where he bad burled many of his
I flock. When the news of his death
i. ached his family in the Bast they re
• quested that the remains be sent to them
for burial in the family plat at Jersey City
i Heights, N. J. But the priest's Last wishes
i were obeyed.
In the little church, while the features
! of the dead priest were exposed, hun
dreds passed around the casket, and after
ward went to the cemetery in the foot
hills Everybody brought a floral tribute
and many o"f the offerings were exquisite.
Archbishop Kiordan delivered an elo
quent eulogy over the remains of the
deceased, and spoke of the persistent, and
progressive work carried out by Father
McEvoy In his large parish. Rev. bather
Santos, the assistant pastor of the church,
was the celebrant at the requiem high
mass, the deacon being Rev. J. J. Cran
well of St. Mary's College, the subdeacon
Rev. Father Cummins and the master of
ceremonies Rev. Father Casey of San
Francisco.
The priests in attendance were: Fathers
Carraher, St. Francis, San Francisco.
Maximilian, O. S. P.,St.Elizabeth's.Frult
vale; Gloria. St. Joseph's, Oakland; Con
nelly St. Paul's. San Francisco: Governo,
Centervllle: Casey. St. Peter's, San Fran
ci*co; McGinty, Holy Cross, San Fran
cisco- Lynch, St. James. San Fran
;nof St. Dominick's, San Francisco;
Ryan St. Bridget's. Sar. Francisco; Phil
lips St. Joseph, Berkeley; Martin, Be
nicia; Lyons. St. Paul*. San Francisco;
McNally, St. Patrick's. Oakland; Mc-
Bweeney and Cull. St. Francis de Sales,
Oakland, and O'Mahoney, the new pastor
of the pulpit which Father McßVoy va-
M; j Kerwin, R. J. Matthews, Dr. J. P.
Tormev John Whalen. J. B. Mendonca
and Siimup] Rogers were the pallbearers.
Rev Father O*Mahoney received pis
education for the priesthood in W'at'er
ford !n':nnd. He was appointed to the
parish at Lockport, in this State, a tew
years ago, and was there for three
: years but failing health conn
him to relinquish the charge, and he was
then assigned to the Youths' Directory.
1 where he devoted himself for some years.
Recently he has been assistant pastor at
• at" Charles parish, San Francisco. Father
I O'Mahoney is a man in middle age, with
using presence and modest demeanor.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. J. D. Davidson of Fresno is at the
Palace.
J. L. Tanner. V. S. N.. is at the Oc
cidental.
M. P. Snyder of Los Angeles is at the
Occidental.
J. M. Manson, a druggist of San Jose,
is at the Grand.
C. A. Carroll, editor of the Calisto
gian, is at the Grand.
George H. Stewart, a merchant of Los
Angeles, is at the Grand.
Colonel Mosby
of Civil War
fame narrowly
mlssed another
chance to In
crease his mar
tial reputation
and distinguish
» a
8 HE WOULD B
8 MAKE A GREAT #
8 FIGHTER. B
O »
ODODOODODD
himself in the eyes of the present genera
tion. His love for the life of the tented
field, where honor is to be had at the
cannon's mouth, has made his idle mo
ments in this time of war well nigh un
bearable;. Every day would bring with it
a letter from somebody or uther from
every place on the map, soliciting the
Colonel's service in a regiment then In
process of formation. The climax came
a few days ago, and now the great fighter
of a few decades ago Is rejoicing th>_- war
Is over. This is ail due to the last letter
he received. It was written by an honor
mad civilian of Portland, and in it he
begs most tearfully that the colonel will
"accept the rank of major in the regi
ment which he is forming, and if you do
that, why I know the Government will
gladly accept the regiment." Three timeß
did the civil fighter read that letter, and
three several times did he curse in a
multi-colored style. "If that man could
murder Spaniards," was his conclusive
judgment, "as he murders the King's
English, why, there wouldn't be an enemy
of this country in Christendom In twenty
four hours."
William Wehner, a wine man from Ev
ergreen, Is at the California.
Colonel W. P. Butler, a mining man
from Portland, is at the Grand.
Douglas S. Cone, a banker of Red
Bluff, and wife are at the Palaco.
Captain H. C. Beck and Francis R.
Shunk, U. S. A., are at the Palace.
Dr. O. Jelllnek has returned from Eu
rope, where he has been spending a vaca
tion of three months.
.M. B. Loavitt, who will manage the
Bush-street Theater on its reopening, ar
rived last night from New York.
P. W. Mathews, .T. M. Spiegle, Dr. E. W
Wells and Thomas Cutler of Humboldi
County are in the city, en route for th«
Democratic State convention.
Tennis Tournament.
Three matches of the doubles tourna
ment at the California Tennis Club were
played yesterday afternoon before a
large crowd. The tournament was not
concluded owing to the late hour at
which the play began.
In the first match Colonel I-inderman
and George Whitney beat Werner Stauf
and R. J. Davis. Whitney played a
splendid net game, while Stauf did some
good work In the back court. The sec
ond mutch was between McGavin and
Llnderman and Stauf and Davits, Whit
ney drawing out. Stauf and Davis won
the match. 6—4.6 — 4.
in the third match another change was
made. McGavin playing with Kllgarif.
This team met Davis and Stauf, whom
they beat, 7—6. The tournament will be
finished to-day.
TESLA MINERS
WERE IN PERIL
Hundreds Asleep in a
Blazing Bunkhouse.
SIX DWELLINGS DESTROYED
ONE FIRE WAS STARTED BY A
BOY WITH MATCHES.
Another Was Discovered at Night,
but Its Origin Is a Mystery
to the Miners
There.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
13 908 Broadway, Aug. I*.-
A serious fire took place at the Ttela
coal mines this forenoon, and for a time
it looked as though many of the com
pany's building* -were la danger r re
fire broke out in the section occupied ty
the married miner? and their families.
The flames spread very rapidly and be
fore it could be checked six . dwelling
houses were burned. All the inmates
escaped injury, but much of their furni
ture was destroyed.
The fire was caused by a small boy
who was playing with matches and the
flames had obtained a ii.-m hold of the
house before its seriousness. was reaped.
The alarm was given and hundreds nt
miners were summoned by the lire sell to
fight the. flames, and the apparatus a.
hand was used with good jeftsctj but there
was a stiff breeze blowing air.l th'_- names
went from one house to another witfi re
markable rapidity until one whole row
of six houses was entirely consumed.
The loss will fall heavily on the miners
and the company, as there was no in
surance on any of the prop my. ■•
Last night a fire occurred in (.he bunk
house, which for a time threatened the
lives of several hundred miner.?. jhe
flames were discovered oy a watdnman
when all the miners were asleep. The
sleepers were aroused and all su^eeaed
In escaping without injury. The lire was.
fought with such good effect that th
miners had it under control before ; nj
serious damage resulted. Mo reason can
be found for the fire, and its origin' is a
mystery. ; '
ASSESSMENT ROLL.
A Very Slight Increase in the Fig
ures Over Last Year.
ALAMEDA, Aug. Assessor Smith
has completed the total-? of the assess
ment of property in this city after | the
board of equalization completed %is work,
with the following: .result: Heal f.stattf.
$709,500: improvements, on same, $10o.£io;
city lots, 96,258,200; improvjments on same,
$4 ,38^,925; personal property. $697,225; total, j
$12,214,700: railroad estimates, $193,357;
total $12,408,057. Less Deaf and Dumb
Asylum mortgages, $17,600; total assess
ment, 912.58 ' . ' .
The. total is $18,325 more than last year.
There is a loss of $29,700 on personal prop
erty, 97826 on real estate, and a gain' cl j
$55,700 on improvements. The railroads j
wore assessed practically the same as last j
year. ■ ______________ ■ j
BATEMAN MAKING
A BLUFF AT WORK
HAS INCKEASED THE FORCE ON
THE HALL OF JUSTICE.
But the Additional Workmen Seem to
Be There Simply to Show
Themselves.
For the past three days Batsman Bros,
have been making a big bluff at doing:
something:' on the Hall of Justice. The
gang of spider hunters which worked so
zealously In the early part of the week
discarded their brooms and set to work
clearing away the rubbish from the site of
the old Morgue. What the object is in hav
ing this done is hard to determine, as the
question of final disposition of this por
tion of the edifice has never yet been set
tled. According to the contract, the up
per stories of the old Morgue building
were to be demolished and a new struct
ure erected on the old foundations. It
was found, however, that the foundations
were not strong onough to support a new
building, and the matter has since been
held In abeyance.
In order to hoodwink disgusted prop
erty-owners into believing that some
thing was really being done about th»
building a gang of men were set to work,
keeping themselves busy In any old way.
about the Morgue site, and the gate was
carefully left wide open, so they could bt;
seen by all passersby.
Bateman has always contended that
work was progressing rapidly on the in
terior of the building, and that taxpayers
"set up a howl" because they did not Bee
the outer walls going up. The howl has
evidently annoyed the dilatory contractor
more than ho cares to admit, as yesterday
he put a gang on the outer walls. Along
Kearny and Merchant streets they busied
themselves clearing away loose stone
and mortar, evidently in preparation for
the reception of the longr-expected terra
cotta. A gang of masons was also put to
work laying brick on the rear of the
building, which might have been laid a
year ago: That all this bustle Is simply
being made for effect Is clearly shown
when it Is taken into consideration that
It Is all work which could have been done
at any time since the building. was start
ed. Mr. Bateman promises to begin work
on the roof and-'clopk' tower next week,
"unless' something 'unforeseen occurs."
So -many unforeseen things have occurred
already that little credence is put in his
promises, '- ' . ~>
It; is probable that a "big force" of car
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sentfrjPTmTn
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of Bexual weakness resultfng
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
celf, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how . eayy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
penters will set to work early to-morrow
morning-, as a solitary workman set up
hIH stand In Merchant street yesterday
and busied him*. -If aD day tiling and set
ting .h;i\vs. Saw* are neither useful to
spider-chasers nor bricklayers; so this
may be considered prima-facie evidence
that the knights ot the hummer and plane
are about to do something.
IRVING M. SCOTT NO
LONGER A DIRECTOR
SENDS HIS RESIGNATION TO
THE CENTRAL PACIFIC.
Political Reasons Said to Be the
Cause of His Withdrawal
From the Directorate.
Irving M. Scott has resigned as
rector of the Central Pacific Railroad,
and In his place Joseph D. Grant ha
appointed. The resignation came i>y way
of letter from St. Petersburg, where Mr.
Scott > s ; i' the present time;
The reasons assigned for the resigna
tion of Mr. Scoit are of varying hue*
S ime say they are political, and others
that the opposition of Mrs. Stanford to
Scott provoked •<•■ late resignation on his
part, in the letter the builder of wor
ships gives as his reasons for Wishing j
tv be relieved from the cares of a director
of the railroad the fact of his vast busi
and the ution
which he must bestow on them, to the
rerythiag else.
the
ciosA persona] friend ot Mrs. Stanford.
A 1 thi time of Scott's appointment It
was known that he was not very ;'■
ly to the Stanford h ■- r^P
ture b< ■ rtiea resulted.
ASSISTANT U. S. ATTORNEYS.
Woodworth, McKinlay and Moore Are
Aspirants for the Positions.
Marshal B. Woodworth and D. E. Mc-
Kiiiiny are candidates as Kirs: Assistant
United States Attorney, to 81l the vacan< y
to be by the a< of the
rnation of Samuel A. Knight.
Mr. VVoodworth is eecretan to I
States Circuit Ju«ip- Morrow, and Mr. Mc
fClnlay was a Republican Presidential
ir in 1896.
For the position of second assistani to
bt! made vacant two months hence by the
resignation of ! :< rt Bel • ■ A. A.
Moore Jr. of Oakland is the first candi
date in the Held.
United States attorney Griggs will have
the appointing power.
Mortg-ag-e Foreclosure Suits.
Suit was ■ rday by the Hib mia
Savings an«l Loan Society against Mary
E. Jones to fan - ■■' 9600
<in a lot situated on Sanchez street, near
Thirtieth. Thomae K. Hobson and Mary
E3. Pleasants have also been sued by the
Hibernla Savings and f-pan B
which seeks to
on properties! pwaed by defent
1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
J ©®®©©©©® ©©©©
• rTSa, strong words of great men. W^
| Philip |
gK
17 I 8 £_j
lAriHouri
_% The great ' packer, @
r£ The great packer, Q
S says: "I have' sent
2? about 200 of my em- ©
r_! PPcP y cs >- from butch- q*
§& ers to .foremen, and 0
0 all have been perma- @
© nently cured."
\U Send for printed matter tnit 5K
0- SI KeI?.EY iNSTirUTES, %>
Cm ?"X1 H Main St., Los Angeles. bi^
Ss 1170 Market St.. San Francisco. a
£5} Fred A Pollock:, Manacer. \^"
OCS-UV THATCH.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
hi^ Steamers leave Broadway
(vNttaa wharf, San Francisco:
|H^K__ For Alas 1 ports, 10 a. m..
K_fff_3-%«- August 4. 9, 14, 19. 24. 19, Sept 3.
i^EsSvSva transfer at Ceattle.
&*s£SlN xal For Alaskan ports (from
If^\&CX(iFi"\t\ Spear-street wharf), 10 a. m..
C *^hi^» -^ Aupust 3. 23. transfer at Port-
land. Or.
~* For Viet' •-. Vancouver. (B.
C■* Fort Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett,
Anacortes and "New Whatcom- (Wash.), 10 a. i
1 m -\iu.'ust 4. 9. 14, 19. 24. 29. Bept 3. and every
, fifth day thereafter, c lecting at Seattle, with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. at Tacoma wit. N. P. Ity., at Vancouver
: W Kor Kureka (Humbolilt Bay). 10 a. m Au?.
6. 12. IS. 24. 30. Sept 5 and every sixth day
1 Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon,
i CMiz. Mr.nterfv. Pan Slrppon.
Cavucos Port Harford, (Ran Lula Oblspo).
Oaviota' Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
Pedro East San Pedro (Los Ansfles) i and
Newport/ 9 £ m.. Auk-. 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29.
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
" For Ban DiPffO. BtoppinK only at Port Har-
ford (San Lulu Obispo) Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anßeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11 a.
_T Auk. 3. 7, 11. 18. 19. 23. 27. 31, Sept. 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ermenada. Mnerdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlnn. Altnta. La Par, Santa Rosa-
1!.-. and Guaymas (Me_.). 10 a. m.. 18th of
€> For further information obtain foi«sr.
The company reserves" the right to chan**
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar -i hmin of pafUne". • '
TICKET OFFIOE — New Montgomery
street fPalace Hotel>. & CO.. Gea. Ajrts.
GOOUALL. PERKINS *■ TO.. Oca. Ajrtii.
1 10 Market st. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST 3TEAMERS TO
PORTLA 3STD
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADIZ $12 First Class Including: Berths
rAIIL $8 Second Class and .Meals. ,
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia ......Auk. 3 13, 23, Sept. 3
: State of California. July 30, Auk. 8, 18, 2S, Sept. 7
St "Paul $16 001 St. L0ui5...... $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 00! Chicago ■■ 24 00
Omah£ .. .f. 26 CO! New York 3100
Uma E. C. WARD. General Apent.
■ .- *; 630 Market st. -
GOOD ALL. PERKINS ft CO..
Superintendents. •
Compagnie Generals Transatlantique,
French Line to Havre. ■• ;
Company's pier (new), 42 North +*■*{•>*
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <xf*~t>
by this line "avoid both transit !,%•■-**■■•*•
English railway and the diacomfort of crossing
the channel in. a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Eprypt, via Paris, first class, $140;
second class, -$ll6.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20, 10 a. m.
, LA GABCOGNE Aug. 27. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Sept. 3, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE....... Sept. 10. 10 a. m.
i LA NAVARRE Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
For further partlculn-s apply to
; COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
■ TIQUE, Agent, ■ ' . ■ • " .
, . .. No. 3 Bowling Green, New. York. .
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents,. 5 Montgomery
aye., Sah Francisco. ' -
j ■..-•■.-■/ . ■ *
f^3S AucklaTld for 'Sydney
__CMJggg.pailw via Honolulu anJ
• t"**'""*'Ain!--l:!n.l for Sydney
\4 •- Wednesday, September
/si/*-?' > 7, at 2 p. m. ,■. :
stabrnQhinJ Line to coolgar-
Q)!C(JIIIJIH|/ DIE, AuKtrnlia, and
/n|T]R?inL}~i"Ai'K TOWN. South
\VIIIJJUJWJ Atricn. . , . ..,'
i J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS.* CO., Agents, •
» • -' t -s\ ;-i '_"; » >-\ ■', ■:■■ » • 114 Montgomery st.
Freight of flee— Market at., San Francisco:
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamer "iMonticello." ■■
| Mon., Tues., Wed., Thure. and 0at...; ••••••• ,
9:45 a m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
! Fridays.'.'.:.. ;.:.... ......1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
| 5unday5.:. ..;....'..•.'.. .V... 10:30 a. m. And 8 p. m.
Landing and of flees— Mission Dock, Pier 8.
j Telephone Red 2241.
I : --.
.' .' I ;
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription, Department. ; !
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS,
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
New and Commodious Hotel, -
Elegantly. Furnished.
Lighted by Electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY THE WATERS
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
FINEST SWIMMING TANK IN LAKE COUNTY.
This resort has no rival in variety and me-
dicinal properties of its Mineral "Waters, its In-
vigorating Plunge, Hot or Cold Mineral Baths,
Climate or Scenery.
Physician in attendance. Deer and Small
Game plentiful.
TABLE UNSURPASSED.
Reached by the Shortest Stage Route Into
Lake County. Round-trip fare from San Fran-
cisco, via Hopland," $S; via Calistoga, $'•>■ Fall
season hotel rates. $10 and $12 per week.
For further information address
HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Lake Co., Cal.
Or see, in .San Fran-
L. D. CrtAIG, ii! 6 Montgomery St.
»»c,c SANTA . .
CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel flsh.ng In
th.- world. The wr.r.derrul Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports: dancing; pyrotech-
nics: water ! carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND a.--- splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern ap-^fntments; efficient
management. ! ■ '; ,
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation . Company,
222 South Spring st. Los Angeles, Cal.
• •. PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County.
Three hours from San Francisco, via Los
Gates; 6 months roundtrip ticket. $4.- or via
Santa -Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank, 180x75
feet, and other improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location uner.'ialed.
JOHN B. MATH ESPN, Manager.
GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. ' 6 Hours- from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Rath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. . Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTOJS*, Proprietor.
SI/ ÜBlBl\ DOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
X Mil 81 X *>"!>• 4 H hours from S. F: and
VnrIVVU but » miles staging; waters
noted lor medicinal virtues; best natural hath
in State: telephone: telegraph: dally mail:
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE: moping and after-
noon stages; round trip from S. F. only $5 50;
take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3.30 p. m.
Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week.. Reference any
guest of the past three, years. J. F. SILL-
GREW, Proprietor.
T ftC TTTTT TrnQ WARM SPRINGS.
LU& uUliiltUO Kenwood, Sonoma Co.,
On the bank of Sonoma Creek. An -unrivaled
place for quiet rtft. Warm sulphur baths.
Fine swimming pool. Grand old oaks and other
natural attractions. Cheap fare. Liberal table..
Terms $1 per day. School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people in tent or
cottage. For particulars address MRS P. T.
M l "WATE, Kenwood, or P. T. M. WATE, In-
ternal Revenue Office, city.
i lA ii/ ■* nr\ springs.
fifbWAßi) PUTAH P. 0..
IflVJ' .-▼▼ /^.JIVJL^ LA Kti COUNT V
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates $S, 110 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. (office and telephone. .
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, 613
Address it< MRS. R. J. BEI3BY.
: A prominent vocal instructor, living in one of the prosperous cities of
Connecticut, -relates a 'curioiis '. erperieuce : "In learning," she says, » v to
properly place and sustain the tone, pupils sometimes feel a faintaessanddiz.
jsiueas arising from the peculiar action of the diaphragm and the effort of con T
trolling of the breath. I have known a girl to actually have to sit down for
fear of fainting. I became convinced that the difficulty came from a weak
stomach - and tallied with my physician about it. He was inclined to think
'that I had the right solution of the trouble. Some time after that I, from
time to time, gave j a Ripans Tabule to a pupil, suggesting that it be taken
before coming to the next. lesson. . The effect precisely what I had hoped.
The.pupils wore relieved of the difficulty and able to take the full half hour of
■vocal "exercise without any of the old trouble. It seems a queer use to zoak*
e5 a saodiciiio, but it was eiisctira.'*
Ei Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER. Proprietor
LINUEU NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST, HEALTH AND PLEASURE .
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ..-.
HOT MUD ANDSULPHUR BATHS.
SODA -SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND. ■ COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
MURK WESTSPRINGS
The, most picturesque resort in California. Has
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as ida, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class:
table -good: • Round - trip, $3 75. Stage' meejg
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12. per- week. - Address FKESE & JUER-
GEXSEN. ■-;.,•■ ...■.■ y. .•■'.- .■.■-.■■.■■ .■..»■■ ■
FREE FROM FOGS AND COLD WINDS-
CAMP MEEKER £&?*-. *K5
the Giant Redwoods of Sonoma County. B,oat-
ing, bnthing and tent ANt) COLD WINDS
MP MEEKER ii 1 ;..^ *255
ant l; : nia Couhtx-
Dthinp and tent ground? free: fine flah-
ing; climate perfect. Hoard and lodging, J;> oO
and $C; unfurnished rooms, sl, per week.- Train
stops at- camp. Via Saufsallto ferry, round trip,
S3; good for ninety days. ■ . ■ -
CARLSBAD
V MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKECOt'NTY.
Waters unsurpassed for STOMACH, LIVER,
KIDNEY and BLADDER affections. Round-
trip ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs, Lake
County, via and P. R. ; SPRINGS.
m ::KAIT!Fn. SPOT IX LAKEGOUNTY.
ers unsurpassi OMACH, LIVER,
)NRY and BLADD - Round-
ticket direct ' 1 3 irings, Lake
nty. via Nf. I. R. R-, 9- Terms.
$S to $10 per week.
- . W. K. McGOVERJJ. Proprietor.
]VIALSKU'InC Santa Clara County. A
first-class mountain health resort. Elevation,
2200 feet." Cures- asthma, indigestion- and kid-
ney troubles. Terms, $9 and $10 per week,
Stage conneots with morning trains at Madron*
Monday, Wednesday and Saturday. 1
JAMES CARTER. Manager.
SUMMIT SODA ■
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co., Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious climate; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; , pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The- best, advantages .for
those who need to obtain ■comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena MM IT St. Helena. Cal. •■ ' '
SPRINGS.
no of C. P. R. R ' ee t.
mail. Telephone connect) ns. Sew ae-
.lation!:. Open .imp l. Address QOTJIr-
& 3 \> '< >BS, 1 lonner, I . Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
ral adrvantac -5 ; salabrioua <-i;ninte; njc-
lOntain walks: pura
LUtiful drives; cine groves;
and garden*. Tl.
who need in obtain comfort, real I
<-u!ture in a Short time.
. Cal.
HOTEL EL BONITO. S'*u-t.
DUNCAN'S MILLS. Sonoma County. -Open
all year; X. P. R. R. ; best boating, fishing,
bathing on Russian River.- Fine walks, trt*es,
croquet billiards, etc: excellent table. Terms,
$S to $12 a week. PETER SICKELS. Proprie-
tor, o* 1. E. -T-HAYKR, -28.Califprnia : Ptreet.
- '■'■ SPRING VALE RANCH.
Santa Cruz Mountains.. .Pleasure and health
resort Delightful walks through redwood can-
yons. - Hunting and llshing. Fresh '"It. Table
first-claps. Free bus. Write for pamphlet.
WHITCOMB C0.,-Sociuel. Cal.
MILL VALLEY— Two or three furnished rooihs
for housekeeping. Inquire News Depot: ■•
fillip,
$1.50 per Year.
1516
SOCIETY ATTENDS A CHARITY GARDEN PARTY.
Lunched Al Fresco and Sipped Tea in a Charming Ten Thousand Dollar Tea House.
SOCIETY, select and exclusive,
joyfully mingled with the
masses, lunched al fresco.
tea In a HO.QOO tea bouse, tr& \y
opened its well filled purse and did ev
erything that could be done to maite
arden party and fete at the
Crocker residence, "Monte de R
at San Mateo, the huge social and
financial success that it was.
Everybody was there. The charity,
for the benefit of the Episcopal Church
Mateo, appealed to all, and
as a mingling of nationalities,
- that made an inter
esting cosmopolitan ensemble.
My lady who signs her check for
several million brushed her imported
; POSTMASTER RIEHL.
Arrest of a Popular Sacramentan for
Embezzling Federal Lioneys.
■ Philip G. Riehl, postmaster at Freeport,
Sacramento County, was arrested last
Thin-.- ■ Si ■-• Marshal Mof-
Uctment by the Federal
: g him with having
the property of tho
United Stati 3. Riehl went to Sacramento
rrestlng officer and gave
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!
Bites and stings of insects, inflammations, irritations,
chafings, undue or offensive perspiration, nothing so
soothing, cooling, purifying, and refreshing as a bath with
The most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap in
the world, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet,
bath, and nursery.
ArTCp OYOI lIMCt! G ° lf> Tennis Riding, or any Athletics, a bath with Cuticura Soap is one
of the luxuries of modern civilization. It prevents chafing, redness and
roughness of the skin, soothes inflammation and irritation, removes undue or offensive perspiration, and
when followed by a gentle anointing with Cuticura, purest of emollients and greatest of skin cures, provea
most beneficial in relieving: tired, lamed, strained, or inflamed muscles.
Bold throughout the world. Price, CtTTICURA SOAP, 25c; OX'TICTJRA (ointment), 50c. POTTER DRUG AND CHEM. CORP.,
' Bole Props., Boston. British Depot: F. NEWBEKY & SONS, 1 K4ng Edward Bt., I*ondon, E. C. "How to Prevent Summer .Rashes," rre«,
Paris skirt with that of simple home
made frocks, and even stumbled
against a party of picnic girls, each
out with her best young man, who. by
the way. kept his hat on at table and
ate his Ice cream before his s-alad.
:ie table a proud eoff ■■••.• -colored
mother, with her interesting family
arrayed in all the glory of pink
frocks and with tight little kinky pig
tails securely fastened at the »•< ry tip
edge with pink ribbons, munch"! her
sandwich while sh.- gazed in am
wonder at the adjoining table occupied
by a titled lady in whose veins Hows
the blood of the beautiful Pocahontas.
A special train brought down the
guests from the city, who on their ar
rival were met by coaches driven by a
crack whip famous in social circles
and financial centers. The coaches.
bail in the sum of $1000, whereupon he was
released from custody.
Tho prisoner is a very popular man in
j Sacramento County. He owns the gen
' eral merchandise store, the postoffice, the
| saloon and the ferry at Freeport, and has
; considerable business ability.
A New Job for Spotts.
T'nited States Coir.er A. T. Spotts. who
will vacate his present position on the
firs; of next month, will become man
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
price that was plainly marked upon
with their load of beautiful matrons
and pretty girls, attired in the light
summer fabrics the out-of-door fete
allows, made a beautiful sight as they
rolled in the wen-kept path that leads
to ihe elegant grounds.
Mrs. ESaston, who placed the hand-
Borne pla< c at the disposal of the char
ity, did everything to Insure the com
fort of her guests. Huge gayly col
ored Japanese umbrellas dotted the
lawn and beneath them were laid the
dainty tables with their wealth of good
things. The booths, at which dainty
bits of fancy work, bric-a-brac, sofa
cushions, tea, lemonade, candy and
(low.ts were for sale, were artistic in
arrangement and beautiful as to de
sign, and they did a thriving business.
The ladies were provided with plenty of
and no one paid more than the
ager of the California Title Insurance
and Trust Company. Howard E. Wright,
who has hold the position of manager of
the Trust Company, has resigned.
In the Divorce Courts.
1.1.i R. Ritncr was granted a divorce
from Harold B. Ritner yesterday on the
grounds of willful neglect and desertion.
.!• ssie D. Moore was granted a divorce
from Edward H. Moore on tne ground of
extreme cruelty.
the article purchased.
The only serious drawback to the
fete was "the scanty number of men
present. The few, however, that were
there patronized the many booths
freely ami made up by their g.
ity for the fewness of their numbers.
The new tea house that has just ar
rived from Japan and has been in
stalled upon the handsome lawn Just
within the shadow of the celebrated
great oak tree, was visited by all and
admired by every one.
The lay was perfect. The sun
shone brightly, the wind was in abey
ance and It was with evident feeling
of regret that the merry throng at the
stroke of 5 returned to home and city.
The patronesses of the affair were:
Mrs. A. M. Easton, Mrs. W. F. Nich
ols, Mrs. Edward Taylor, Mrs. de Wolf
Cowie, Mrs. H. M. Newhall. Mrs. S. M.
SUPERVISORS
ENGINEERING
ANOTHER JOB
Alleged Fraud in the
Police Alarm.
BUT ONE BID CONSIDERED
NEW SYSTEM WXLL BE THE
SAME AS AT PRESENT.
The $35,000 Appropriated Is to Be
Expended Simply for New Alarm
Boxes and Elaborate
Switchboards.
Is the Gamewell Police Alarm system,
which has mot with favor before the
Board of Supervisors, the most efficient
that can 'be procured fur the various needs
of the Police Department in communicat
ing from the officers on the streets to
those in charge of the various prisons?
This is a question 1 that seems to involve
a division of opinion between the Super
visors, the Gamewell Company and the.
City Electrician on the one side and the
Hughes Company on the other, the lat
ter maintaining that there are various de
fects in the Gamewell system which it has
overcome in many ways. In addition to
this Improvement the rival company
claims to possess a number of additional
inventions for decreasing the amount of
time and the trouble with which the police
officer on duty in the streets has now
to contend. With the use of the ven
trilophone, lately invented by A. C. Rob
bins, the well-known electrician of the
Automatic Fire .Alarm Company, it would
be unnecessary for the officer on duty to
take the telephone receiver from the hook
in the alarm box in signaling to the sta
tion for assistance. His only duty would
be to turn the key in the box and the
door, which works upon a spring, the
moving of which sounds the alarm in the
station, the answer being sent back from
the officer on duty in the prison through
the ventrilophone, thereby rendering it ab-
solutely unnecessary for the officer in the
street to attend to anything but his duty
in holding his prisoner until the neces
sary aid arrives.
By this system, which has been proven
a feasible one, it would undoubtedly be to
the advantage of the city and to the
Police Department to adopt it. Itut this
the Supervisors have refused to do, and
have absolutely ignored the request that
the machine be investigated as to its
merits or demerits. The Hughes Com
pany claims that it has not received a
chance to bid owing to the trickery of
the Supervisors in prohibiting its ma.chinu
being submitted in its entirety for com
plete examiiiaiic.n before the board.
The "new" Gamewell system, after the
$35,000 appropriation has been expend)
the city in the expectation of getting
something new will he identical with the
old with the difference that the city will
have elaborately constructed and nicely
painted boxes for its citizens to look upon,
with no improvement as to interior i lec
trical mechanism for facilitating the send
ing and receiving of signals. The general
impression of the public is that if the
city is going to expend $35,000 t<> make
an Improvement in the present system it
should endeavor to get something in re
turn for the money in the way of better
facility and not merely an Improvement
in the shape and design of the alarm box
and various .switchboards.
The Hughes Company declares that it
has been deprived from bidding for the
reason that In the original resolution
adopted by the Board of Supervisors a
clause was inserted demanding that in
the sample machines presented the tele
phone must be omitted. Under this re
striction it was Impossible for the com
pany to contend with the Gamewell, as it
would be absurd to attempt to give a
practical demonstration of the new in
vention without explaining it in detail,
and which the omission of the telephone
Paris Gowns and Simple
Home -Made Frocks
Mingle for the
Common Good.
Wilson.
The ladles who presided at the tables
included: Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs.
D. Beylard, Mrs. Ansel Easton, Miss
Howe. Princess Poniatowski. Mrs.
Kruttschnitt, Mrj. C. A. Spreckels,
Mrs. Russell Wilson. Mrs. J. B. Crock
ett, Mrs. Mountford Wilson. Mrs. Dou
ty. Mrs. Ford, Mrs. Seebree, Mrs.
Shreve, Mrs. Fritz King, Mrs. F. P.
Howard. Mrs. Austin Tubbs. M*-s.
George Pope. Mrs. J. H. P. Howard.
Mrs. J. S. Tobin. Mrs. Walter Hobart,
Mrs. F. S. Moody. Mrs. J. D. Grant,
Mrs. R. P. Schwerin, Mrs. Drysdale,
Mrs. W r . H Mills, the Misses Scl. ussier,
Miss ("rocker. Miss Scott. Miss Crock
ett, the Misses Hopkins*.
The coaches were driven by Messrs.
Walter Hobart. George Pope. George
Newhall. Duplessis Beylard and Joseph
D. Grant.
would prevent. The use of the ventrilo
phone, unless properly explained in con
junction with the telephone, could not
be readily seen or intelligibly understood
by those unacquainted with the workings
of the new invention. The company
claims that the restriction in the matter
of telephones was made simply to ex
clude it from obtaining a proper examina
tion of the new system and fpr tne pur
pose of affording an excuse for the Board
of Supervisors to make another appropri
ation after the $35,000 1f expended In sup
plying the alarm boxes with telephones.
This accusation is denied by City Elec
trician W. R. Hewitt. He claims that
the new boxes will be equipped with tele
phones without any additional expense to
the city other than the usual rental
which is now paid for the use of the in
struments.
That It is possible to buy machines out
riKht that will be as efficient as the pres
ent telephones now in use is denied by
Hewitt. He asserts that it is impossible
to buy any of the telephones now used
in the alarm system, and to tolerate a
substitution would mean absolute failure.
Although Hewitt's knowledge of elec
tricity Ifl somewhat keen and far above
the ordinary, the Supervisors are liable
to dispense with his opinion an<l use th.ir
own judgment, which will undoubtedly
mean an additional expense to the city
in supplying the new boxes with tele
phones.
Hewitt favors the Gamewell system and
condemns all others on the argument that
innovation is dangerous and therefore
sin mid not be tolerated even as far as
making a casual inspection. The Hughes
system should not. in his estimation, be
given a fair trial. He laughs at the idea
of there being anything more perfect than
his pet Qamewell toy. Any improvement
on this system to him seems an impossi-
I'iliTv. although from his knowledge of
the Hughes invention he is not capable of
condemning ft. having given it but a hasty
inspection and being totally Ignorant of
the various Improvements which it incor
porates. He knows neither the basis upon
which it is operated nor the extent of its
power. He cannot even cite the various
faults which he claims it possesses, al
though asked to do so as an «'xplanation
on which to base his condemnation of It.
Everything in it to him is a failure, with
out a proper examination. It has no mer
its :md possesses every fault. He pays
that the inventor of the Hughes system
in introducing the double balance action
for making his system work perfectly
both ways is an imitator of the Holmes
burglar alarm system.
These are the principal reasons why the
Board of Supervisors has favored' the
Gamewell system and condemned the
Hughes at the recommendation of the
City Electrician, who. from his expressed
knowledge of the latter, knows absolutely
nothing about its prevailing features or
its value as a perfect alarm system.
The managers of the Hughes invention
have offered to establish the entire sys
tem, including every detail incorporated^
In the Gamewell, such as boxes, etc, in
addition to telephones, ventrilophones and
improved electrical appartus for lessening
the work and inconvenience now involved
for J25.000.
"Whether the original contract of $.15,000
for new boxes will be set aside until a
proper examination of the Hughes system
is made is a matter of coniecture.
MANHATTAN ATHLETIC CLUB.
Officers Elected for the Ensuing Year.
Amateur Boxers Who Will
Meet Soon.
The Manhattan Athletic Club, at a re
cent meeting, elected the following of
ficers for tho ensuing year: F. E. Muller,
president; John McFadden. vice-president;
John Whalen. recording secretary; John
Casey i financial Beferetary; Frank Kraua
treasurer; Fred Marshall and Peter Mr-
Gee, captains. To the clubroom.s will be
added a reading room and a gymnastic de
partment. Tlie next enter tai ni/Sent win i>e
held on the evening of the 26th inst. Af
ter a series of short-round boxing con
tests, a rattling six-round bout between
Gus Koster and Ed Lynch will terminate
the evening's sport.
Honolulu and Manila.
Fast vessel leaves for Honolulu, Ma
nila and Hongkong September 1. Accom
modations for forty passengers. Thou
sand pounds of baggage. Room 118, Phe
lan building. •
Had "Knock-Out Drops."
Fred Wilson, a frequenter of the
"Plaza," on Kearny street, was yester
day held to nnswer before the Superior
Court by Judge Mogan on a charge of
grand larceny in $1000 bonds. He met
Lorenzo Iserman of 505 Bush street on
the night of July 28 and steered him
into a winehouse on Clay street, where
they drank three pitchers of wine. Is.-r
man became unconscious, and when
he came to his senses Wilson had disap
peared and his watch and chain and $10
in money were missing. Wilson was ar
rested the following day and when
searched a vial containing "knock-out"
drops was found concealed in his cloth
ing.
Advances made on furniture, and pianos, Trlth
or without removal. J. Nooaan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BLACK GOODS
DEPARTMENT!
We announce this week the
arrival of 7 cases NEW BLACK
SERGES, CHEVIOTS and CREPON
and TWINE CHEVIOTS, and direct
special attention to the following
eight lines,
54=inch Black English Serge 75c yard
52=inch Black Camel's=hair Cheviot 75c yard
50=inch Black English Cheviot 85c yard
52=inch Black Crepon Cheviot $1.00 yard
48=inch Black Twine Cheviot Jl.OO yard
52=inch Black English Serge $1.00 yard
52-inch Black Iron Frame Cheviot $1.25 yard
56-inch Black Scotch Cheviot $1.50 yard
We invite our Datrons to inspect the above
goods at their earliest ODDortunitu,
SAMPLES SENT FREE TO ANY ADDRESS.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
REMARKABLE GROWTH OF
BUiLDING AND LOAN
ASSOCIATIONS OF THIS STATE
Interesting Facts and Figures Re
garding Their Work as Home
Builders and Makers.
California industries of all kinds have
had somewhat of a phenomenal devel
opment from small beginnings. They
have in many directions grown to co
lossal proportions.
The Call finds this strikingly true of
Building and Loan Associations in
this State.
During the past year over 1200 new
houses of various sizes have been
erected by the agency of these asso
ciations. There are 153 of these Build
ing and Loan Associations in the State
which have thus contributed to the en
largement of our material interests on
the line of real estate investments. The
Continental Building and Loan Asso
ciation, 222 Sansome street, has an en
viable record in this direction, having
been instrumental in erecting over one
eighth of all the dwellings erected in
the State during the past twelve
months by these associations. These
structures are .ill gratifying additions
to the dwellings of this State and some
of them are architectural beauties.
These associations are Inportffnt fac
tors in the question of progress, because
they are the only institutions in the
world whose controlling thought and
dominating purpose is to make it pos
sible for all people to acquire homes of
their own, and thus become freehold
ers instead of renters.
The Continental Building and Loan
Association of this city is splendidly
equipped for service in behalf of the
people, as it has a subscribed capital
of $7,000,000, a paid-up capital of $1,000,
000, and a monthly income of $75,000.
In the business circles of this State
the Continental Building and Loan As
sociation is recognized and acknowl
edged as the leading organization of
its kind. It is pre-eminent and its
success is simply marvelous. In addi
tion to the homes built by them the
Continental has made during the past
year 271 loans to parties wishing to im
prove their property or remove exist
ing incumbrances.
Statistics are not generally consid
ered as Interesting reading, but in con
nection with this association they tell
the story of thrift and enterprise on
the part of the people, who are ever
seeking to advance their interests and
secure to themselves homes which they
can call their own. Without the aid
and co-operation of some such agency
as the Continental Building and Loan
Association this would have been im
possible for many people who are own
ers of happy homes to-day.
There are hundreds of families abid
ing in happy homes which they own
and which have been secured to them
through the loan department of this as
sociation. These loans are promptly
made and upon the most favorable con
ditions. They are not alone in the
interests of the association, but con
serve the best interests of the parties
who desire to erect dwellings of their
own. The terms upon which these
loans are made are such that every
man who desires to build and is will
ing and able to work can do so* profit
ably. All well conducted Building and
Loan Associations are friends of the
people Inasmuch as they are home
makers and it is the duty of all par
ents to provide a home for their chil
dren.
Who Owns the Articles?
A "dope fiend' giving the name of John
Brown was arrested yesterday morning
by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea. He had
in bis possession live overcoats, a suit
of clothes, a number of silver-plated
spoons, two bracelets and other articles,
which the detectives believe he has st<->
len. as he had also in his pocket a bunch
of skeleton keys.
BUDD WILL BE THERE.
The Governor Has Accepted the Invi
tation to Be Present at the
Irish Fair.
A communication from Governor Budd
was received yesterday by the entertain
ment committee of the Irish Fair stating
that the invitation to be present at the
fair on Governor's Day, Saturday, Sep
tember 3, was accepted and that he and
his entire staff would be present on the
day mentioned.
By unanimous concurrence the man
agement of the coming fair decided to
*: ltld . r . aw . from sale the $1 coupon tickets
that the ladies have been selling. As tn e
regular admission will be 25 cents it was
thought that it would decrease the sale of
the regular tickets.
One of the most important exhibits that
has been loaned to the Irish Fair has
come from Port Costa from C. Murphy
It is ten large pictures which will be of
f^'t 1 J, nttr€ - S t to not only students of
Irish history, but to the general public
Ih.'y embrace "The Tara Broach," "The
Cross of Cong," "The Chalice of Ar
dagh, "The Shrine of St. Patrick." "The
Crosier of Clonmacnois," "The Shrine of
Molaise, "The Shrine of Moling "
Another famous relic is the .shrine in
which was preserved the copy of the
gospels used by St. Patrick himself which
are now in the museum of Dublin.
One of the best points of interest in
the exposition will no doubt be the in
dustrial department, where Mr. Hilton
and the silk looms in charge of Miss
Amy la Martin will turn out silk hand^
kercniefs with the motto of the fair
shamrocks — on them in green for the
benefit of the fund.
The Pavilion will be opened for installa
tion of exhibits in the industrial de
partment next Monday.
Held for Criminal Assault.
I. Botwin, manager in a cloak factory
'on Market street, was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan on a charge of criminal
assault in (1000 bonds. The complaining
witnesfl was Uosie Jacobson. a young girl
who at the time of the alleged assault
was employed in the factory. She has
since given birth to a child.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths, North Beach.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
CASE-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. o
CRIBS, $4_ s ?s
A CHILD'S HARDWOOD CRIB ♦
BR VSS TRIMMINGS, 9
THREE-QUARTER SIZE, T
A SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK. O
54.50.
WE HAVE A COMPLETE LINE OF O
BABY CARRIAGES, CHAIRS, CRIBS, a
ETC. OUR PRICES LOWER THAN I
THOSE OF CASH HOUSES. V
«/. NOON AN,
Complete House-Furnisher, »
1017 to 1023 MISSION ST, J
Above Six tli. O
'Phone, South 14. j Open Evening*. +MOST PICTURESQUE SWINDLE OF MODERN TIMES.
Astonishing Way in Which the Rev. F. F. Jernegan Originated and Promoted a Scheme for Extracting Gold From Sea Water and How He Fooled His Rich Dupes by Substitutmg baited Keturns
in the Experiments.
PRETENDED TO EXTRACT
GOLD
FROM SEA WATER.
A Diver Fixed the "Returns" While Rich
Dupes Waited Above for Them.
the Swindlers Were Clearing Up Hundreds of
Thousands of Dollars When They
Were Discovered.
STORY OF ONE OF THE MEN WHO WORKED WITH THEM.
i-n HE New York Herald has just laid before the public the details of
'■'■ I one of the most remarkable swindles in history. For several days the
I shrewd financial operations of the Rev. P. F. Jernegan, under the pre
■ I tense of abstracting gold from sea water, and his flight upon exposure,
. have divided attention with the news from the seat of war. The
•ease with which the reverend gentleman found dupes was astonishing. He
; ■". not only took gold from their pockets, but he caused them to draw it out
of their banks and give it to him. Then he sent it to the Lmted States
- Assayer's office, quietly turned it into bank notes and securities then quick
• ly fled abroad leaving the country amazed at the ease with which he did it.
Like the electric sugar refining scheme and the Keeley motor, its sue
• cess was connected with a secret process. Without this secret nothing
. could be done.
How many hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth of stock was sold
by the swindlers is not yet known, but over $350,000 worth Is held in Boston.
The assistant treasurer of the company thinks $900,000 worth of stock had
been disposed of. The stock is now selling at 10 cents a share and the in
vestors will lose nearly everything. Rev. Mr. Jernegan is supposed to be in
France and efforts are being made to arrest and extradite him. The other
originators of the Electrolytic Marine Salt Company, among them another
' minister ' Rev. William Arrington, are trying "to explain" themselves out
Of the matter as best they can. The following story was given the New
• Yrvk Herald by Detective. William Phalen, who was employed by the orig
inal conspirators to hold the safety pipe while Diver Fisher walked under
tlv» water and "salted" the experimenting tanks where "gold was being ex
tracted" from the ocean water. When Phalen learned the nature of the
business he had Joined he refused to have anything more to do with the
swindle ' That was in the early days of the operations. Later the swind
•: lers an the road to high success and millions, opened up gorgeous offices
in Hevr York Boston London and other big cities and began the sale of
stock that had netted $900,000 when the swindle fell to pieces.
■pbpyrlghted. 1838. by^Jaines Gordon Bennett.
IN September, 1896, I received a let
ter from. C. E. Fisher, at Deland
Fla., in regard to a scheme* he had
on foot. He was a diver by pro
fusion, but had been a floorwalker
in a Brooklyn dry goods store.
. . He referred to his friend Jernegan as
. a Baptist clergyman who had invented
a process for making money out of the
•a. By the aid of electricity he
could abstract 'he arold held in solu
tion by ordinary sea water. This was
■ -not explained to me at that time. He
.■would fell me nothing then, but he
.hint. <i strongly of great fortunes
awaiting them all.
He soon came to New York, adcom
.-. pa'nie/3 by Jernegan, and asked if I
: - would give them a room in my house.
.'.They were anxious to establish them
■ selves in a quiet place- where they
-.could" prosecute some important busi
'.-ceaa connected with tl^-ir experiment.
' -But it must b<: with a man they could
•. trust.
. 1 gave th<;m my front parlor. Al
.. though they remained a month, ioth
irig except in the way of hints was SJild
of the. proposed scheme to make us all
ri<h: ■ They only reiterated that it v.as
■Ah'- biggest thine: outside of bonanza
..gold mines for making fortunes.
.Later Fishfr asked me to go to Nl
, antic' and I went. I was to do some
' df-te'etive work in connection with his
gold' producing scheme, he said. In
'■■'■■■& cottage just outside of Niantic I
.'" found Jernegan. It belonged to A. B.
.Ryan, afterward president of the gold
I company. They were apparently put
ting .up some chemical machinery.
I'• In a day or two, on returning to
.•New York, I received word from Fisher
khat the Niantic people had become
• suspicious and they proposed to naova
tlieir works to Rhode Island. Follow
ing- the announcement came a. second
The Call Sunday Edition
letter from Fisher, dated Providence.
He wanted me to join him there and
assist in sorao important experiments
about to take place connected with
their great scheme for making gold.
As he explained it, there was some div
ing to be done and a life line to be held
in the water. It was so important
that only a man in whom he had im
plicit trust would be allowed to do the
work. He offered to pay my expenses
and reimburse me for outlays, regard
less of what they were, so I went to
Providence.
On reaching Providence Fisher fur
ther explained that I was to go down
the bay a mile or so to a point where
their experiments were to be made and
begin operations. To conceal the pur
pose of his operations, notwithstanding
all that he had, hinted about their in
tention of producing gold he declared
they were only to make a geographi
cal survey. It would be necessary to
do some diving to get the exact con
figuration of the bottom of the bay.
I naturally believed this statement. I
found that my duties were to help him
(Fisher) put on his armor and then
hold the life line while he made his
dive. He remained under from a half
to three-quarters of an hour at a time.
It should be explained that Jernegan
was also there on the scene. Although
•he was exceedingly active in flying
around the country in all directions, he
was still mysterious and evasive—al
ways hinting at great fortunes, but
never explaining.
I understood that we were to gf ; t
things ready for Ryan, the Middletown
jeweler and capitalist, and also Pier
son, the florist, both of whom were to
put up money. Hence the necessity
of hay-ing things ready for making- the
experiments perfect. The idea was io
paralyze them and produce gold from
sea water there before their eyes.
One evening, after a day of experi
ments, we cross Narragansett Bay
and began to make soundings from a
little rocky Island to a wharf on shore
not far distant. The soundings showed
the depth of water between the wharf
and the island to be from seven to nine
feet. An insulated wire or cable was
laid along the bottom, connecting the
wharf with the island. "When we were
oh the island I discovered that Fisher's
plan was to follow the wira under water
and by the aid of his diving suit reach
the wharf, where he was to manipulate
some of the apparatus at the bottom
of the bay against the wharf.
I also discovered that a little Bxlo
house of boards had been constructed
on the end of the wharf for Jernegan's
use In ma.king the alleged geographical,
survey. Thar is the way he explained 1
it. Fisher was successful in following
the wire to and from the bottom of the
wharf, under water, even without a
lifeline, I remaining on the Island un
til he made the trip. As I remember
he was not absent more than ten or
fifteen minutes.
"What are you up to, anyway?" I
exclaimed, as he came out of the water
In his diving suit, surmounted by a
tank of compressed air, which he wore
on his back.
Greatly elated at the success of his
submarine trip he exclaimed:
"We are going: to make gold. Jerne
gan is to have two men here. They
will stay in that hut on the wharf over
night and vatch the process. There is
a fortune in it for us. It will .3tonish
the world. These capitalists arc* eoing
to furnish their own chemicals and
place them in the water themselves,
while Jernegan will supply the battery
connected with the submarine recepta
cle for getting gold from the sea."
He further explained that platinum
wires were connected with the appa
ratus making it easy to abstract the
gold from the surrounding salt water,
which held the precious metal in solu
tion. It all seemed marvelous. At first
I could scarcely believe the thing pos
sible, but on further explanation the
operation appeared simple and plausi
ble.
On the following day the capitalists
. arrived, registered at the City Hotel
in Providence . : .d that' afternoon they
went to the wharf, where they re
mained over night in the little house.
The quicksilver which they had brought
with them was deposited in the sub
marine tank before !t was lowered into
the sea. Then the current was turned
on from Jernegan's battery, while .the
capitalists watched the operations,
silently and in wonder. These men sat
there all night waiting in bitter cold
in February for the gold to accumulate
in the box. These confiding gentlemen
— supposed to be shrewd business: men
— when they dropped their own honest
quicksilver into the square lead-lined
box little dreamed that Fisher, the
diver, would come around later walk
ing on the bottom of the sea, and
empty their quicksilver into the water,
replacing it wi f h some doctored mer
cury of his own, well saturated with
gold.
I was told subsequently by Jernegan
himself that on the following morning,
when the submerged box was hoisted
out of the water, It was found that
the mercury had eaten through the lin
ing of the box and some of it had dis
appeared into the sea. Enough, how
ever, remained to show the value of
the alleged experiment. ;^,'-.:
To still further aid the demonstra
tion, Jernegan slipped a little Califor
nia nugget, which he had been wear
ing as a scarf ornament, into the quick
silver,, to be dissolved.
This greatly added to the yield of
gold from the salt water of th\ sea.
The contents of . the box were then
given to an assayer who made his
analysis, while the capitalists waited
in the reception-room.
The . assayer's report made the yield
about $4 — a fairly good night's work
for a little box in the bottom of Nar
ragansett Bay with only an ordinary
battery to do the mining and abstract
the gold from the sea water.
The capitalists were not only: satis
fied, but amazed at the result, and said
they were willing to put up handsomely
for building machinery on a large
scale that would take gold by the car
load out .of the sea. ;
: As the outlook appeared, Aladdin's
lamp and the big diamond mines of the
"Arabian Nights" were not in it with
this little chain lightning gold mining
apparatus invented by the Rev. P. F.
Jernegan. ; Being a good Baptist, he
no doubt could get better results j from
water, either fresh or salt, than any
other living man in that part of . the
country, and he did. \ His process has
satisfied the most -skeptical. ' .;•; V <
After congratulations all around -the
capitalists ' returned to ':<. Middletown,
Conn., where they lived, but : we re
mained, v In a i few days along came a
draft— the amount of the first, install
ment on the payments to be made.
After staying in Providence two or
three days I came to New York, hav
ing done what Fisher had requested in
the way of aiding him In his experi
ments. According to instructions I
sent on my bill— ssoo. Instead of pay
ing it promptly Jerne^an sent me $200
by Fisher. I protested vigorously and
said that I proposed to have the full
amount of my bill. After some delay
it was paid.
I thought the matter over and con
cluded to get out of the business, and I
bo informed Jernegan. He said that
he was sorry , to lpse,me. ; -hoped that.
I would remain, "but my mind was made
up and they couldn't change me.
But the promoters continued to visit
me as usual and still urged me to re
sume operations. They even wanted me
to accompany them to Europe on a
money raising- trip for further promot
ing the scheme, but I declined. I
wanted nothing to do with the affair
in any shape or manner.
JLater the Rev. Mr. Allington, a Bap
tist clergyman of Newburyport. was
persuaded to Join the enterprise and
they sent him abroad to raise funds.
Jernegan soon followed and opened a
laboratory at 75 Gloucester place, Port
man Square, W. London, England. He
operated under the alias of Dr. W. L.
Stanley at that address. This was at
the beginning, of the London season of
last year.
For a time I heard no more of them
until I learned that a gentleman — Mr.
Kilgore, a lawyer, of Boston — had
loaned them $3000. for which he was to
receive 100 per cent interest, payable
semi-annually. In view of the declara
tion that they could take gold out of
the ocean day and night, without labor
or particular expense, this was no more
than for a laboring man to pay 1 per
cent for money.
Another man was duped by the
scheme — the Rev. Mr. Tuller of Ja
maica Plains, Mass. — and induced to in
vest 52000. He was so infatuated with
the prospectus that he even mortgaged
his house to join in the great work of
plunging your hand in the ocean and
pulling cut a fortune.
• I next' learned that the syndicate had
opened offices in Boston, at 53 State
street, and were doing business on a
large scale. They had established works
on an island at North Lubec, .Me. The
report sent abroad was that they were
' taking out gold off the Maine coast by
the . bucketful 1 and sending it through
their bankers, . Messrs. Ladenburg,
. Thalmann & Co. of 40 Wall street, to
the United States / Assay jj Office, . of
which Mr. Torrey is the head. '
The total, representing 515,000 to $20,
000, was sent In various sums from time
to time. But these amounts do not by
any means represent the full amount
of gold sent to the assay office.
This Rev. Mr. Jernegan is a polished
gentleman. He has a classical educa
tion, but he does not talk like a clergy
man. He preaches a beautiful sermon
and has a fine delivery, ; but his con
versation was far from that of a clergy
man during- reek days, when he was
on his- great still hunt for a fortune in
the bottom of the sea. . . » : .
It will be observed in his letter to
v Diver Fisher, who was his- old play
mate in Edgartown, that the Rev. Jer
negan had no hesitation in admitting
his manifold shortcomings.. His refer
ence to his lust for gold and -evidently
lust for women, as having been the
vexing problem; of his life,; hints at a
phase of the story.
Here is the letter: In full, which refers
to his financial affairs. at the beginning
of their venture, when clergymen' and
capitalists were , coaxed into the trap»
as well as to his lust for gold:
"CASTLE SQUARE HOTEL. Boston.
Feb.' 2G, IS9B, Ip. m.— Dear C: You will soe
how T. is getting along by inclosed.
"I am almost sick abed. Have lost nino
pounds in the- last .few weeks. Took a
Turkish bath this morning and- am going
to bod now and take the best of care of
"Since we landed in New York : Novem
! ber 19, we have received: ■;/.-./ ; •;-;'.;'
Cash on hand.:....'.. $55 00
Books .■:.... .7..... ...- .14.00 ,
•3mall 10an5...........;...'.. 285 00
From R « W
From "tK!:"'"" 775 (V)
! From P. .'s2o. $2734 50. $1200.; 3.954 50— 55,123 50
I have on hand n0w........ 2,814 37 .-■-.-.
. Adding.............-'..."-"- 450 00—3,254 37
J5.128 50
3,264 37
$1,864 13
"I still owe, not counting obligations to
P & T., $ISS6 53. including my obligations
fto R. and to White &M. . /. .
. ' "Now, if In the land of our friends and
! with no more needs than we had, we . have
got through so much time. and money in
doing what was child's • p.ay compared
with the job before us, is it not reason
able that , we observe % the strictest ; econ
omy?
"Let old bills go to temporarily;
forget that there arc lots of things we
want, and act as if we had no money yet.
Of course we shall profit by our experi
ence to date, but there is untried exper
ience yet to come that may open up new
and costly problems.
"I wish you would read this to B. and
see whether he thinks it is sense or
"My ambition is not so much to set
rich as it is to get my debts paid, and
then invest a snug fortune in as safe and
permanent investments as this world of
fers, and then live habitually on about
two-thirds of my annual income.
"There is just one time that I expect
to be liberal with money, and that is
the moment when, with it and us in a
safe place, I sit down and divide up ac
cording to what each man has contrib
uted to the success of the undertaking
and what he needs to fulfill his ideas of
life. But until that time I want to see
every penny saved that can possibly be
6aved, and after that time I swear I
won't touch my principal for friend or
foe.
"This deliverance may seem more than
Is called for, but I thought it would be
Cheaper to get it off my mind now than
later.
"Money and lust have been the two
most vexing problems of my life. I see
how both may be solved if I can get a
home where I can keep my body in touch
with nature and have a settled, even if
small, income.
"Having made up my mind about what
it if? necessary to insist nn in order to
guarantee that the present undertaking
will bring me to that goal, I shall stake
everything on my opinion, and if I see
It is impossible to keep things within
certain limits I shall not hesitate to
throw lip the whole thing, and probably
my life with it. What I say about what
happens before the time of division ap
plies also to the position I expect to take
after that.
"If you think I have said more than I
ought to, attribute it to the pain that
fills mv whole body and depresses me.
Ever affectionately yours. ' J."
The way this clerical would-be Monte
Cristo came to abandon his scheme was
this: A certain gentleman, whom he is
alleged to have wronged, requested an ex
planation from both Fisher and himself
regarding certain facts that had been
confessed to that gentleman. Many let
ters, in addition to the telegram, had been
sent also demanding an explanation.
Only one answer was received, and that
came from Fisher, to the effect that he
would be In New York on the 23d or 24th
of July, and that he would meet the gen
tleman referred to and talk the matter
over.
Diver Fisher, who was always success
ful In reaching bottom and tampering
v,lth Jernegan's gold pots In the sea, was
unsuccessful In reaching New York. At
least he did not appear as he promised.
Then the gontleman went Into the elec
tricity business himself, and telegraphed
Fisher a warning that he must appear
or take the consequences. Again he did
not appear. Hence the disclosures.
* • • • •
BOSTON, Aug. 3.— The case of the
missing Mr. Jernegan of the Elec
trolytic Marine Salt Company has been
put into the hands of Chief Inspector
Watts of the Bureau of Criminal In
vestigation and Melvin O. Adams has
been retained as counsel by the stock
* holders. The Government at Wash
ington has been asked to request the
French Government to detain Jernegan
pending extradition papers.
Now that the works of the Elec
trolytic Marine Salt Company at
Lubec have been closed and the help
paid off and discharged, the stock
holders are beginning to figure on what
they will get out of the amount paid in.
Dr. A. P. Sawyer of Newburyport, as
sistant treasurer, says that about $900,
000 has been paid in. The company has
recovered $23,000 in cash and securities
from Marcus W. Jernegan, who is no%v
in custody of detectives. The Rev. P.
F. Jernegan's sum of $30,000 in a local
bank has been attached.
One of the heavy stockholders in this
city said to-day that 500 shares of stock
were sold in the office of the company
yesterday at 10 'cents per share.
Men with wheels in their head are of
a mechanical turn of mind.
WOMEN WHO WERE FAMOUS SOLDIERS
THE spirit of the Amazons does not
survive only in the women war
riors of Dahomey. The Sun re
cently published a story about wo
men who enlisted and fought in
the civil war; and other countries, also,
have their women soldiers. The Cubans
have had several women soldiers, who
could ride and shoot and use a ma
chete; and the most romantic figure in
the recent Brazilian rebellion was Ma
ria Barbosa, who, with sword and cru
cifix in hand, led the rebels against the
Government troops. The story goes
that this modern Joan of Arc fell asleep
in a church one day and saw a vision
which commanded her to lead her
townsmen against the Government post
of Bon Jardin. She gathered a band of
followers who believed in her revela
tion, captured Bon Jardin, where many
of the citizens joined her forces, and
went on to Soa Joao, where she took the
town and killed hundreds of Republi
cans. Her beauty and ferocious cour
age made her the idol of her followers.
Another woman warrior of to-day, is
Josephine Rizal, one of the leaders of
the rebellion against Spain in the Phil
ippines. She was married at 20, and
when she had been a bride for only one
hour her husband was executed before
her eyes by the Spanish. The deed
aroused widespread excitement, and
■was one of the causes that led to the
assassination of Canovas, the Spanish
Prime Minister. The frenzied young
widow swore that she would avenge
her husband's murder, and that Span
ish lives by the score should pay for his
life. She went to Aguinaldo at rebel
headquarters and requested permission
to enter the ranks, which was granted,
and from the first she fought with a
reckless dash and courage that made
her conspicuous in every engagement.
At last she fell into the hands of Gen
eral Primo de Rivera, who, in recogni
tion of her bravery, released her. Later
he repented his chivalrous generosity,
and Spanish soldiers were sent to fol
low and capture her, but through the
warning and assistance of friends she
escaped to Hongkong.
The Graeco-Turkish war also had its
heroine, a Greek woman who incited
the natives of her province to revolt
and led them in a number of their skir
mishes.
During the Tai Ping- rebellion in Chi
na in ISSO an army of women was com
manded by woman officers.
Earlier centuries furnish still more
examples of the woman soldier, and
the records of Europe cite striking ex
amples of woman's heroism in battle.
Rnse Lacombe. the actress, and the
beautiful /Theroigne de Mericourt were
conspicuous figures in the battles of the
French Revolution, and Renee Borde
reau, the heroine of the Vendee, fought
in more than 200 battles. Forty-two
members of her family were killed in
the revolution and her father was cut
down by her side. In one encounter at
a bridge she resisted and defeated with
her own hand twenty-one of her ene
mies. Napoleon so feared the zeal and
influence of La Bordereau that when he
subdued the Vendee he refused to par
don her and threw her into prison; but
she was released after the fall of the
Empire.
Another French woman, Mary Sche
lienck, fought in the armies of Napo
leon, and so signally distinguished her
self on the field of Austcrlitz that Na
poleon decorated her with the Cross of
the Legion of Honor, and, later, grant
ed her a large pension.
English soldier heroines are legion.
Christina Davis is one of the most fa
mous. She entered the English army
in order to find her husband, who had
been carried off by a press gang. In
her first battle she was wounded in
the foot and laid up for two months,
but the secret of her sex was not dis
covered. No sooner did she join her
regiment in Holland than she was cap
tured by the French, and, when ex
changed for French prisoners, ill luck
still followed her. The daughter of a
wealthy burgher fell in love with the
disguised soldier, and Christina was
forced into a duel with the sergeant of
her own regiment, who happened to be
devoted to the Dutch maiden. The
sergeant was badly wounded and the
young soldier imprisoned, but she was
finally released; and after that things
went more smoothly for her. She
Joined the cavalry and followed Marl
borough, winning the admiration of
all her regiment; but at Ramillies she
was wounded and the news that she
was a woman spread abroad. She was
the toast of all the army and every
honor was paid her. Her husband was
found and brought to her and the regi
ment gave them a new wedding, after
which the officers claimed the privilege
of kissing the bride, and her comrades
of the ranks shouted themselves hoarse.
Her devotion to her leader and his
cause influenced her to remain in the
army until the end of the compaign,
and she and her husband fought side
by side until he was killed at Malpla
quet. Then the wife retired and re
ceived a pension from the Queen; but
at the funeral of the Duke of Marl
borough she rejoined her regiment and
marched behind the coffin, with tears
streaming down her cheeks. At her
own funeral she and her old comrades
met once more and they buried her
with military honors.
Hannah Snell was another English
girl who enlisted in order to follow her
husband. She, too, made herself fa
mous for deeds of valor. At the siege
of Pondicherry she led the troopers in
fording a stream running breast high,
and in the very face of the French bat
teries; and, in another siege, she fought
for seven successive days and nights
in trenches waist deep in water. In
one engagement she received twelve
wounds, but obtained the help of a
peasant woman and attended to her
own wounds in order to avoid the dis
covery of her sex. Finally, she learned
that the husband for whom she was
searching was dead, and then she ac
knowledged her disguise and left tha
army.
Mary Ambree headed 1000 English
men, who fought for seven hours
against 3000 Spanish soldiers, and when
ordered to withdraw her troops lingered
behind and sent a letter offering to
fight single-handed any three Spaniards
who icould meet her.
The Journal dcs Sapeurs-Pompiers
has tabulated the losses by fire in this
country and in Europe in 1897. As usual,
it is in" the United States that the fires
were most numerous and the lossfd
largest. Last year the damage by fire
aggregated $114,000,000. In Russia the
losses amounted to $105,000,000; in Great
Britain $51000,000; in Germany, $30,000,
000- in France. $17,000,000; in Austria,
$16 000,000, and in Italy, $6,000,000. If
the number of fires is compared with
the amount paid for the support of the
fire departments each fire cost, in Chi
cago, $1500; in London, $220, and in
PaVis, $160.
According to the Economlsta. there
are more smokers in the United States
than in all Europe; at any rate, more
tobacco is consumed in this country.
Last year Europe consumed 305,1*0 tons
and the United States 318,170 tons.18
Was This Strange Manuscript Written by Moses?
Very Remarkable
JTebrew Antiquities
Ilnearthed in
{Palestine.
BERLIN, Aug. 10.— For several years a German preacher from the town
of "Walbroel has been at work, personally and through tiative agents, in
collecting ancient manuscripts and coins from the excavations in Pales
tine. The preacher's name is Bruesselbach and he has Just published
a little monograph giving the results of his labors. The publication has
attracted wide attention among archaeologists and scientific men, for the rea
son that the discoveries which Bruesselbach claims to have made and which
seem to be authenticated by the facts are the moat important made in many
years. The finds possess other than scholarly interest, as they nearly all relate
to Bible history.
The most important of the discoveries related by Bruesselbacn is that of a
manuscript supposedly written by Moses himself. The margin bears the name
of Moses and the writing relates to the subjects treated in the early books of
the Bible which have come down to us as the books of Moses, lr the explorer
can prove the accuracy of his belief in the august authorship of the manu
script which he has unearthed It will be studied with interest as one of the
oldest and probably the most valuable specimen of early writing in existence.
Tne fragment is remarkably well preserved and appears to be made from
the skin of some aquatic animal, probably the hippopotamus or Nile-horse.
It is a yellowish brown in color, crinkled and dry with age. The three drawings
on it are done in black ink, and, ac interpreted -by the discoverer, apparently
refer to the labors of the enslaved Israelites in Egypt.
The Bible story runs (Exodus i, 11-14): "They (the Egyptians) set over
them (the Israelites) taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens. And they
built for Pharaoh store cities, Plthom and Raamsas. And the Egyptians made
the children of Israel to serve with rigor. And they made their lives bitter
with hard bondage in mortar and in brick and in all manner of service In the
field."
The first picture on the recovered manuscript shows a Jewish maiden
milking a cow, referring to the labors with flocks and herds. Above is a pack
OTHER VALUABLE ANTIQUITIES FOUND IN THE EXCAVATION
Another coin brought to light is evidently to be located about 175
B. C. in the time of the king priest, Jason. The inscription is in a
peculiar dialect of Syro-Aramaic belonging to that period, and is writ
ten from left to right, contrary to the Hebrew custom in writing.
The decipherment of the inscription is "K. Jehason G. Is. Coin of the
City," which has been translated: "Jason, the high priest (Kohen Ge
dol) of Israel." On the reserve is a palm branch and a smoking altar,
illustrating the priestly function of offering sacrifices in the temple.
A seal ring, bearing the name of Simeon, the Maccabee, who ruled
143-135 B. C, was among the other discoveries. The inscription is
most distinct of all, being the most recent, and is therefore more eas
ily read than the others. The letters are arranged around a seven
pointed star and run: "Simeon, the High Priest."
saddle with its two girths, a reference to the work of transport. There Is also
an Egyptian eagle drawn exactly as it is found on the Egyptian monuments.
The second picture is that of two Israelites holding up a large winnowing
frame, in illustration of their labors in the state granaries established, by
Joseph. The Semitic type of the two men is characteristic and unmistakable.
The third picture is that of the foot of a pyramid or the base of a fortification
wall, a specimen of the labor of brickmaking and building, in which the captives
were employed. Upon the column is perched a hawk, the hawk and eagle
being sister symbols of upper and lower Egypt.
While the pictures are interesting, the most important part of the papyrus
is the inscription across the top. It is written in ancient script, hitherto un
known, but so primitive as to approach very closely to the hieroglyphic stage.
It is translated by the discoverer: "Their yearning for freedom irom the op
pressor is full; their long continued sins cry unto thee, O God."
Whether or not the interpretation is accurate the sentiment Is a proper
one to emanate from him who succeeded in giving the Israelites their desired
freedom.
The first five books of the Bible have always been known as "The Five
.Books of Moses." According to the history of Josephus, the original manu
script of these, in the handwriting of Moses, was preserved in the Temple at
Jerusalem. The fragment in the possession of Dr. Bruesselbach was unearthed
from the ruins of the ancient city, 1 nown in the Bible as Lachlsh. The
explorer explains the transition by saying that when the temple and city of
Jerusalem were destroyed by the Romans (70 A. D.) these and other treasures
were buried and later removed to the city of Lachish, where many scholars
had taken up their residence. The ruins of this city have only lately been
F J. Bliss, acting for the Palestine Exploration Fund of England,
rmmd it while digging in the Tel-el-Hesy, as the Arabs call it. He found that
t-iVi Hesv was indeed "a mound of i-.any cities," no less than eight existing
tWA eaxh one being built upon th< ruins of its predecessor. It was in a
Portfon Tf thTmound untouched by Dr. Bliss that Bruesselbach and his co-
' Mosaic manuscript the explorer calls special
attention to the forms of the letters used in the Inscription upon the papyrus.
™f fw letter called Aleph, an ox, is really a drawing of the horns of that
Jn,m J The second letter, Beth, means a house. ThS third, Gimel, stands
f"r camel, and so on. throughout the alphabet, there is a remarkable cor-
SOME QUEER v \
LEGACIES.
Here are some amusing particulars
of legacies with strange conditions at
tached, as given by the Brooklyn Citi
zen. Early last year a peculiar pro
bate suit, involving some $500,000, was
imminent, the disinherited relations
■wishing to upset an old gentleman's
will because he had left the sum named
to found and endow a church on the
condition that every Sunday before the
service the whole of the thirty-nine ar
ticles were to be read by the clergy
man outside the church door.
A strange condition was attached to
the legacy the late Sir Edward Bates,
who died last year, left to his larried
daughter. He stated that he had seen
his son-in-law's Scotch property, and
he considered it would be a gross injury
to his daughter and her children, con
sidering "there are no neighbors within
miles, and there Is no medical man
within six or seven miles," if she lived
there any considerable time. So he ar
ranged that, if his daughter stayed
more than six months in any year, "and
those six months not in the winter," at
that spot, the income derived from the
legacy for the twelve succeeding
months should go to the residuary leg-
atee.
. During this year a gentleman who
died at Mons left a legacy of $3000 to
five friends, the money to be spent on
dinners served in different restaurants,
' and at each meal a certain dish to be
eaten, and a certain wine, of which he
•was very fond, to be drunk. Further
more, his memory was to be toasted at
.dessert, the five companions were to
dine in black clothes and gloves, and
enter the room preceded by a flag and
the music of an accordion.
DANGERS WE MAY EXPECT FROM TRADE WITH ORIENT
for many years Senator Teller has roade a study of Asiatic countries and the relation of the silver standard to commercial conditions there. Recently he has considered the possible development of
China under the apportionment among the great nations which Is threatening- Instead of thlnKlng that we are to benefit by the opening of Chinese njarKets to the trad« of the world Mr. Teller balleves that It
would bave been better for us If we had left China In her Isolation.
THE opening up of China has
been a good thing for us up to
this time, but I look for a devel
opment there which may revolu
tionize the manufacturing in
dustries of the world. What we should
have done recently, I believe, was to
say to Russia, "Let China alone. Her
millions of people are content and the
world has nothing to gain by changing
their condition." What will happen to
China now, I think, is that Russia will
step In and get control there and Rus
sianize the Chinese.
Look at the history of Russia and
you will see that she has Russianized
every nation she has conquered. She
fought the Cossacks for fifty years
fought them fiercely — but to-day the
Cossacks are Russians. She Russian
ized them in thirty years. The Govern
ment of China is not unlike the Gov
ernment of Russia. Although Russia
is an autocracy, there is a democracy
in her government, too. Russia is di
vided into provinces and every one of
her cities has home rule and freedom
except in matters which affect the na
tional Government.
China Is much the same. She has a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
REMARKABLE MANUSCRIPT JUST UNEARTHED IN PALESTINE AND BEARING THE SIGNA
TURE Of MOSES.
The ancient manuscript and coins recently discovered by a German preacher in Palestine are considered
among the most important ever brought to light. The most important of the discoveries is that of a man
uscript supposedly written by Moses himself. The margin bears the name of Moses and the writing relates
to the subjects treated in the early books of the Bible which have come down to us as the books of Moses.
If the explorer can prove the accuracy of his belief in the augus^ authorship of the manuscript which he has
unearthed it will be studied with interest as one of the oldest and probably the most valuable specimen of
early writing in existence. The fragment is remarkably well preserved and appears to be made from the skin
of some aquatic animal, probably the hippipotamus or Nile horse. It is a yellowish brown in color, crin
kled and dry with age.
central government, which is autocrat
ic, but each of her provinces is self
governing. If Russia gets control of
China, as I believe she will, it may be
that she will Russianize the people and
show them how to develop their re
sources in a very few years. If she does
not it may be 100 or 200 years before,
they become competitors of ours.
When the development of China be
gins we shall have to look to our trade
in manufactured goods. I believe that
the trade of the Pacific is going to be
greater than the. trade of the Atlantic.
Humboldt predicted that, basing his
belief on the enormous population
there and its possible development.
The millions of Asiatics are going to
take agricultural products from vs —
i flour and other products — which repre
sent the greatest amount of toil. That
of course is our most important export
I interest now.
Of our great exports last year, 71 per
I cent were agricultural. But when it
! comes to manufactured goods the Ohi
' nese are not only going to supp'y their
own needs but they are go\nu; to send
their products toi our Pacific Coast
markets in competition with the prod
ucts of the mills of New En#and. If
Japan had not gone to the gold stand
ard her exports to-day would be a
BY SENATOR TELLER, Of Colorado.
menace to New England's trade on the
Pacific Coast.
I believe that in another decade Apia
.will be doing- most of the manufactur
ing fur th" world. Both the Chinefe
and the Japanese are deft people. They
are not inventive, but they are imita
tive, and the progress they have made
in manufacturing is wonderful. They
can live and thrive on wages that mean
starvation and death to an American
or European laborer. I was talking
some time ago with a missionary who
had just returned from a six years'
stay in China. He told me that it
would not be possible for one who had
not seen them to realize the progress
that the Chinese had made in manu
facturing.
For a little time longer their conser
vatism will keep out foreign machin
ery perhaps. But the war with Japan
made a great awakening in China. This
missionary tells me that the present
Chinese dynasty is doomed. The peo
ple see that it has deceived them and it
is tottering to its fall. With the inau
guration of a new rule changes will
come. The Chinese are a people of fine
business ability. Not the river Chinese
whom we know, but the Chinese of the
Interior. Thlß missionary, who had been
to the interior, told me that they were
a fine business race, having splendid
talents in that direction. In fact, he
says j/tiat the most successful business
enterprises in Japan have Chinese at
their head. He says that there is the
difference between the~Chinese and the
Japanese that there is between the
Scotchman and the Parisian. The Par
isian is a dapper fellow, all courtesy
and smiles; the Scotchman is a hard
headed, practical man. So the Chinese
are the superiors of the Japanese as
men of affairs.
With the building of the Nicaragua
canal rates from the Atlantic to the
Pacific will be cheapened to our manu
facturers, and the Nicaragua canal is
going to be built. But I don't know
that it will be an unmixed blessing. If
China's manufactures are to be a com
petitor of all the manufacturing coun
tries of the world the canal will be an
outlet for her products to our Atlantic
coast and to European markets, as well
as a route for sending the products of
European and New England States to
Asia.
China has to-day in abundance every
thing that human needs could demand.
The Chinese have iron, they have cop
per, they have more coal than any
other country In the world, except, per
haps, our own. They have 400,000
square miles of coal fields of extraor
dinary richness. They have never
mined it much because they have no
Copies of Solomon's
Seal ana the t/fost
Jin ci Jrfebrew
Coma £ver J*ound. '
respondence between the names and the objects.
This discovery Bruesselbaeh thinks may solve what has long been a puzzle
to scholars. In all school geographies the origin of the alphabet has been
ascribed to the Phoenicians. Many modern scholars have been inclined to
doubt this theory, for the reason that the letters were not sufficiently primitive.
The inscription just discovered, which is presumably the first specimen extant
of early Hebrew writing, seems to bridge the chasm hitherto existing between
the hieroglyphics and conventional letters of later times.
" Dr. Bruesselbaeh says: The result of our investigation is that the manu
script, judging from all external and internal evidence, is genuinely Mosaic
If this be so the religious world is on the point of some startling discoveries,
for where one manuscript has been found there may be others and the next
one unearthed may contain some portion of the Bible in this ancient script,
thus supporting the tradition of the Mosaic authorship of the Pentateuch, or
parts of it at least.
The Palestine Fund reports other interesting discoveries, among them a
coin of earlier date than any heretofore known. The oldest Hebrew coin dis
covored before this time bore date of 143 B. C, and Bruesselbach's party dis
covered a large bronze coin of David's time. It shows the crown of David,
with a circlet of stars. The crown was said, according to story, to be ma^ a
of gold of the value of a talent. The inscription about the coin reads: "David,
King of Jerusalem." On the reverse side is an eight-stringed harp with tna
inscription: "Fear ye, repent ye, who are strong in faith."
Scholars and numismatists alike are exhibiting deep interest In this coin,
which was struck off almost three thousand years ago and passed current
among the subjects of King David in Jerusalem.
Another more notable discovery reported by Dr. Bruesselbaeh is that ot
the "Seal of Solomon." There is no story more clearly remembered by those
who have read the "Arabian Nights" than that of the mystic ring by which,
the genii were summoned to the service of its possessor. Arabic and Hebrew
literature is full of the legends of the wonders performed by the might or.
Solomon's Seal, made through the wisdom of this wisest of monarchs.
The inscription is not so easy to read as those on the coins because of the
peculiar shape of the letters and the fact that they are interwoven with the
MOST ANCIENT HEBREW COIN EVER DISCOVERED.
Di\ Bruesselbach'a party broucrht to light in cxcavatinfl com** nf th«
rarest coins in Hebrew history. Among them was a large bronze coin
of King David's time. It shows the crown of David with a circlet of
stars. The inscription reads: "David, King of Jerusalem." On the
reverse side is an eight-stringed harp with the inscription: "Fear ye,
repent ye, who are strong in faith." This coin is supposed to have
been in circulation 3000 years aero. The oldest Hebrew coin hereto
fore discovered bears date of 143 B. C. Another most notable discov
ery is that of "The Seal of Solomon." The name Solomon has been
deciphered, but the inscription is not easy to read. The evidence so
far goes to show that this is a valuable copy of the great original.
design on the seal. The name of Solomon has been deciphered. If this is th©
genuine seal of Solomon it also has on it "the ineffable name" of God Jehovah,
but Bruesselbach has not been able to make this out to his own satisfaction
amid the various lines traced upon its surface.
Another coin brought to light is evidently to be located about 175 B. C,
in the time of the king-priest, Jason. The inscription is in a peculiar dialect
of Syro-Aramaic belonging to that period and is written from left to right,
contrary to the Hebrew custom in writing. The decipherment of the inscrip
tion Is "K. Jehason G. Is. Coin of the City," which has been translated:
"Jason, the high priest (Kohen Gedol) of Israel." On the reverse Is a palm
branch and a smoking altar, illustrating the priestly function of offering
sacrifices in the temple.
Strictly speaking, Jason is not a Biblical character, for he lived In the
time just following the close of the Biblical period, the accounts of which
are very scanty.
A seal ring, bearing the name of Simeon, the llaccabee, who ruled 143-135
B. C, was among the other discoveries. The inscription is most distinct of all,
being the most recent, and is therefore more easily read than the others. The
letters are arranged around a seven-pointcJ star and run: "Simeon, the High
Priest."
While Dr. Bruesselbach has made no attempt to exploit his discoveries he
claims that there is no doult of their authenticity. At the same time he says
that there is likely to be controversy regarding the genuineness of some of
them and he therefore proposes to place these and other manuscripts. coln3
and ring, which he has dug up, before competent scholars to settle, If possible,
beyond a doubt, the question of their accuracy.
The fact that he has found a manuscript purporting 1 to come from the
hands of Moses, bearing his name and that of Jorhua (his successor) on the
margin, wri:ten in very primitive characters on the most primitive material
ever found, would seem to be important in itself.
But there have been sk ''ul forgeries of such documents before now, and,
until a numher of experts Lave passed u^on the — tter judgment may have to
be suspended. This discovery Is, however, in line with other startling finds of
the past few years.
The unearthing at Nippur of inscriptions which carry civilization back to
five or six thousand years B. C, showing that the art of printing was known
and practiced at that early day, settles one of the objections which has fre
quently been raised against the possibility of Moses having written any part
of the Bl le. the natural doubt as to the use of writing r * that early date.
The discoveries of Dr. Bruesselbach will certainly arouse widespread in
terest and awaken renewed enthusiasm for the work of exploration in the
Holy Land.
(000000000000000000
need for it. But when manufacturing
takes a hold in China they will have
this coal supply close at hand and a
vast army of cheap laborers to do their
work. If the Chinese themselves will
not undertake to do manufacturing, the
capitalists of America and England and
Germany will introduce it. How long
would it take you to raise $1,000,-000 for
a manufacturing enterprise in China
among the capitalists of New York If
you could demonstrate that they could
make 20 or 30 per cent on their money?
There is no feeling of patriotism which
would keep the American capitalist
from going into anything which prom-*
ised a profit. I found in Mexico, when
I was there some years ago, that |700,
000 of the $3,000,000 invested in a cotton
mill had been put in by a resident of
New York. Machine shops in Monterey
and other places in Mexico have taken
away from Denver the trade in min
ing machinery which we had with Mex
ico for so long a time.
Mexico is now manufacturing all her
own cotton goods, and she is manufac
turing furniture and other things for
home consumption. I was in one of her
cotton mills. It is the most complete,
if not the largest mill in Mexico. All
of the work is done right there, begin
ning with the manufacture of the pat
terns.
OCCUPATIONS
"OF AMERICANS.
Interesting data about the occupa
tions of the American people is given in
the bulletin of the eleventh census re
cently made public. It shows that the
total number of people engaged in oc
cupations of all kinds in 1890 was 22,
735,961. Of the whole number of work
ing people the females form 17.22 per
cent: Divided by classes the *vorking
people of the country are as followg:
Agriculture, fisheries and mining, 9,013,
336; professional, 944,333; domestic and
personal service, 4,360,577; trade and
transportation, 3,326,122; manufactur
ing, and mechanical industries, 5,081,293.
Considerably more than four-fifths of
the illiterate male population of the
country and over one-fourth of the il
literate female population are working.
Over 59 per cent of the workingmen
are married, over 27 per cent single,
over 3 per cent widowed and one-quar
ter of 1 per cent divorced. In manu
factures and mechanics the carpenters
and joiners, numbering 611,482, make up
the greatest element, with dressmakers
and milliners following with 499,690.
There are a little over 1,000,000 book
keepers, clerks and salesmen, 690,658
merchants and dealers, 5,281,557 farm
ers, planters and overseers, and 3.004,061
agricultural laboreYs, 349,592 miners and
only a little over 60,000 fishermen and
oystermen. Professors and teachers,
aggregating 347,344, form the moat
numerous of the professional classes.
Physicians and surgeons, 104,805, come
next; then lawyers, 89,630; clergymen,
88,203; Government officials, 79,664;
musicians, etc.. 62,155; engineers and
surveyors, 43,239; artists and art teach
era, 22,496; journalists, 21,849, and «c
tors, 9728.Culare Lake Dried Up:
A CORNER OF TULARE LAKE IN 1875 WHEN IT WfiS ABOUT btvtni Y-rivt miLts wnu finu
PEOPLE SAILED F'SHED AND HUNTED OVER ITS WATERS. AT THAT TIME THE
SETTLERS WOULD HAVE SCOFFED fIT THE IDEO OF ITS EVER DISAPPEARING.
From a Photograph.
• / Jj""\ULARE LAKE has passed out
•. . of existence. has passed out
of existence.
. . I Where once there was a body
I of water in Central Southern
! . California over a thousand
'. .' square miles in area now there is
••only a barren desert of mud, drying
■ :atad cracking in the heat of the desert
.' sunshine.
If you will pick up almost any map
"'Of California and look at Tulare County
'. 'you will see the outline of Tulare Lake
■•' occupying a prominent place. For
. years this lake has been known as the
"largest body of fresh water west of the
'• Rocky Mountains.
••, " v If your map of California is a good
, '.one- it will also show the shore lines
;.' of Tuiare -Lake as they were in years
gone by. The earliest of these records
■ .-appears to have been made in 1854. At
this time Tulare Lake extended as far
: south as the southern borders of Kern
••.County. It was over eighty miles
- long and about thirty-five miles across
.- at the widest point. Its depth was
'. never very great.
■' ' From 1854 to 1872 the waters of the
.."lake changed very little in area. Al
■xnost due west from Bakersfield there
•:. was a shrinking, but otherwise its area
'.. .was about the same.
It was about these years that irri
. gation was started in the valleys
around Visalia and Bakersfield.and the
■ Bhiinking became very rapid. Kings
River and Tulare River were tapped in
. al places and the water that would
have gone into Tulare Lake was spread
• out over the dry pastures and cotton
fields.
• ■ from 1872 to 1575 the shrinking: was
■ most marked.' TTie soutEefn t-mi of
• the lake all contracted and became
•r-eomewhat in the 1 form of a creek. It
■'narrowed until it was uot mere than
a mile wide and had ura.\<.n up from
the southern end at least fifteen miles.
But even at this time Tulare Lake
was quitn a body <>f wate:. Sail and
boats skimmed over its surface
and quite a population lived along its
shores.
Un BOine parts of the lake it was
hard -*st where Tulare Lake
a and the land • i ■;•■■! True banka
red with a thick growth of
of th._ land was so
a! there was scarcely a line of
rkation. Even after a man
: tied ihe water he could wade out
il miles without finding water
over his head.
Th<* only place to enter the lake with
it was at one of the creeks or
rivers. These always had steep banks
ft a deep channel far out from
the shore line. It was at these spots
Ile lived. There were a few
small hamlets along the mouth of the
Tulare River and a goodly population
made their homes there.
About 1875 Tulare Lake was most
DESERTED CITY WHERE BIRDS AND ANIMALS LIVE IN $100,000 HOTELS
TT CITY large enough to house a
/\ population of 5000. yet absolutely
/ \ tenantl ess; a place with sub
f\ stantial brick blocks, well-laid
. -^- -^ streets and walks, handsome
'. :• residences, costly store build
jj n gg S _j n fact, a metropolitan city— but
without a resident, with not even a
• ' cock to crow by day nor a dog to howl
' by night! Such a place exists, although
• even in North Dakota, which State
claims this tenantless metropolis. West
'3,ynne long ago passed from the mem
ory of most men and women.
• . A weird place it is. The "city" is
there— deserted, abandoned, going to
• decay. No traffic goes on in its streets,
ho business in its stores; the sound of
.human voices is not heard in its dwel
lings. The streets are graded., the walks
are of macadam and trees and shrub
bery flourish in the yards surrounding
. the residences— but all in silence and
loneliness.
S.uch a place is West Lynne, on the
■west bank of the Red River of the
North and almost on the Canadian
boundary.
The history of the place is one of the
romances of the "boom" period from
1878 to 1881. The people of the Dako
.tas will never forget those "boom
day," when towns sprang up In a
night; when a few lots staked out on
• the prairie and styled collectively
-• ''Central City," "New London." or
:•> something equally impressive sold in
the markets of the East one day for
■ ; hundreds of dollars and the next day
' forthousands. It was thcyi that shrewd
• ...'men waxed affluent., fattening upon the
•' credulity of the Eastern investor. A
.• -golden stream poured in to the land
where yet the Sioux — the Apache of the
North—fought his ancient foes, the
Blackfoot of Montana and the Pawnee
..of the Nlobrara, and, having van
.Quished them, joiner] in an attack upon
••Borne tribe springing from his own par
... .ent stock— fought just to be fighting,.
because it "was the nater of the beast."
. The lowly laborer, drawing his weekly
. .stipend, made enormous by stress of
;■' V-boom" priffK, invented it in prairie
■ Bpll and at the end >,f n. month found
rhimself rich beyond the chance of
again having to toil. Th>n» wore the
' .Vgood old boom days."
.. . But there came tho rollapse. Men
.who, not foreseeing the cranh, invested
• iriore heavily instead of turning their
' -holdings into coin, awoke one morning
i to find themselves "land poor" and In
.debt, unable to complete the extensive
Improvements they had begun upon
. ■
useful to the people of California. Ihe
surface of the water was nearly al
ways covered with some sort of water
fowl Geese, ducks, peiiear.s, snipes,
mudhens, cranes and other birds were
there by the millions at their own sea
son of the year. Men went out with
their blunderbusses and killed ducks bj
the thousands and they r.ever seeme<
to grow less. The waters wore flilei
with fish that could be caught with ;
bare hook.
During the hunting season parties left
all parts of the State to go shooting
on Tulare Lake. Arks were built and
keepers engaged to take care of them.
Hundreds of sportsmen made their an
nual pilgrimage to this big body of
water.
At this time Tulare Lake was beau
tiful to look at. It was nearly always
a.s smooth as glass and the water as
clear as crystal. One culd take a
small boat and row out far from shore
where the sensation would be that of
swinging in midair.
During any hour of the day the out-
their realty. The fortunes thf»t had
been made in a day were scattered in
WEST LYNNE, A BOOM TOWN, WHERE 5000 PEOPLE COULD BE COMFORTABLY HOUSED AND WHERE ONLY WILD BIRDS fIND ANIMALS NOW LIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 189 S.
AND DISAPPEARED FROM THE SURFACE OF CALIFORNIA
IN FORTY YEfiRS.
In 1858, just forty years ago, Tulare Lake stretched almost through
two counties of the State, a distance of about eighty- miles. As the land
thereabouts began to be settled up and the streams flowing into it be
gan to be tapped for irrigating purposes its shore line began to shrink.
But never for a moment did any of the settlers believe it would entirely
disappear. Several years ago plans were discussed for building a big
summer resort for San Joaquin Valley residents on its snores. Last
winter's lack of rain, however, completed its story and the dry sum
mer air licked up the last vestige of water that remained to Tulare
Lake.
a night; villages that had sprung up in
a few hours and grown to the impor
tance of incorporated towns and cities
in a few months were deserted by all
save those who, swamped by the
crash, found themselves without
money enough to get away.
The collapse of the "Dakota boom"
in 1881 marked the beginning of a new
era in the great wheat belt of the
Northwest — an era of steady settle
disappearance of the jCargeat %Jody of
3*resh 11/ater in California*
Dr. Eisen
Claims
That the
Disappearance
of this
Big Sheet of
Water
in the State
Will bs
Beneficial
by Increasing
the Agricultural
Lands and
Decreasing-
Malaria.
look was a pleasing one. Far to the
east the outlines of the Sierra Nevada
Mountains could be seen rising above
a pale blue mist that hun^ over the
vast stretcl of lowland. To the south
the Tehaehapi Range loomed up, and
on the west the Coast Range looked as
close as .if you could put your hand on
it. But how deceiving it all was, for
the nearest mountain was at least 25
miles away.
Between 1573 and 1880, when vine
yards began to be planted, the waters
shrunk up almost to the borders of
Tulaie County. In 1882 they crossed
it and left Kern County altogether.
Each year after this saw the lake
become smaller and smallejr. It had
become almost circular in shape by
1888, and was quite deep. But it was
doomed. Irrigation became more gen
eral until at last none of the rivers
reached the lake at all, except during
the rainy season.
nnrt and growth, of prosperity found
ed upon a virgin soil which, "tickled
with a hoe laughs a harvest," until
now in the hands of the Dakotas there
have sprung up two great common
wealths, for the output of whose gran
aries the peoples of distant climes give
up their gold.
West Lynne was a "boom town" and
the most noted of them all. It was
platted by schemers with more fertility
than scruples, at a point on the Red
River, where, they claimed, the Great
Northern Railroad was to cross when
built through to the Pacific Coast. The
possibilities of the place were exploit
ed in the East; capitalists became in
terested and money was plentiful.
There was no sham about the actual
construction of West Lynne. It was
not another Arizona desert farce, ex
cept in the minds and on the plats of
its projectors, but a substantial reality.
James H. Murray, a Chicago man, was
the agent. He sold lots at auction in
Chicago for thousands of dollars each.
Wiiile he was selling a telegram would
come notifying him of the disposal of
a certain plat and it would be with
WHAT THE LfIST OF TULARE LAKE LOOKS LIKE TO-DAY. THE SUN HAS BAKED THE
DRY BOTTOM LAND TILL IT IS CROCKED FOR MILES WITH WIDE FISSURES
AND THE FARMERS ORE PUTTING iN CROPS WHERE THE WATERS ONCE RAN.
From a Photograph.
Dp. USER'S OfINIOJN OF THE DRYINQ UP OF THE LAj<E.
JHe Was Jhere Twenty y^ars /\go When Large S'eamers Rar\ /\cross It and its Broad Waters
Were the Scenes of Busy Commercial Life.
THE principal cause of the drying- up of Tulare
Lake is the using of the waters of Kings and Tu
lare rivers for irrigation purposes. The fact
that there have been very few excessively rairy
winters since 1874 has also had a gocd deal to do
with it. Had there been more rainstorms of the kind
that put the greater portion of the San Joaquin and
Sacramento valleys under water several times during
the 60's there would have been more water in the lake
each winter and less needed for irrigation in the sum
mer and the lak 1 ? would probably have been there yet.
In 187S I crossed Tulare Lake on a steamboat. This
was a regular packet that ran between Hanford and
a small town on the west side of the lake. The dis
tance across was about thirty miles. There were one
or two other steamboats running on the lake at the
time. Sail boats were numerous and altogether Tulare
Lake was of considerable use to the commerce of the
region.
On the occasion that I made my trip across the lake
we were all treated to a si:rprise. When we were about
twelve miles from Hanford, and almost out of sight of
land, the boat ran over the ruina of an old ranch. We
In 1895 the lake was about four or
five miles wide and deep enough for
rrr.all boats. Hunting was still good,
but not like it was in the old days.
At this stage the lake set-med to re
main stationary. The rainfall of the
winters tilled It and it did not dry up
during the summers. Many old-timers
predicted that it would grow no
smaller. They said it had reached its
limit and that there would always be
just about so much water out there.
A few prophets even went so far as to
suggest the building of a summer re-
BOrt, claiming thai it would be well
patronized by people in the interior.
And the plan might have been car
ried out if there had been any rain last
winter. But there wasn't, and Tulare
Lake had to pass out of existence.
Reports from that section now tell
of a strange state of affairs. The land
that was the bottom of the lake last
year is now baking and cracking in
the sun. There are holes big enough
for a man to fall into. All over are
the carcasses of dead fish, filling the
air with foulness. So fast is the evap
oration from the soil under the semi
tropical sun that it is most unpleas
ant. There is not a drop of water to
be seen anywhere.
Tulare Lake has actually dried up.
But good will come out of it for
somebody, because the lands can be
reclaimed and used for farming. Al
drawn. Tnen ne soia aajoimng lots at
top notch prices.
In the meantime building was pro
gressing. There were no board shan
ties, sod walls or canvas shells. Hand
some structures of brick or lumber, fin
ished in modern style, sprang up as
fast as material could be transported
and contractors do the work.
And to-day there the "city" stands,
a handsome but useless monument to
could look down through ten or twelve feet of clear
water and se« the fence posts of an old pig sty. There
was also the foundation of a house and several metal
utensils scattered about. Nobody on the boat knew
whether the ranch had been on an island that had
sunk from sight or whether it had been on the main
land during some previous dry year. It was a mystery.
When Tulare Lake was a big body of water there
used to be some awful storms sweep over its surface.
Dozens of small boats have been wrecked there. The
Indians who live on the west side have a tradition that
on one occasion a party of about 500 of their tribe at
tempted to cross to the other shore in canoes and
when midway in the lake were struck by a storm. Not
a man was saved. The whole 500 met watery graves
and even the canoes were never seen again.
In my opinion the drying up of Tulare Lake is a
good thing. The land will be good for crops and there
will be less sickness in the vicinity. The sloughs and
marsh land in the old days used to be full of malaria
that will now be a thing of the past.
GUSTAV EISEN.
ready surveyors are out with their in
struments running lines across the
awful waste and baking mud. But this
mud is said to be "as rich as butter,"
and the land will grow almost any
kind of crop with very little irrigation;
Residents in the vicinity of what was
once Tulare Lake generally think that
now is the opportunity to organize and
reclaim the vast area and put it in
shape to produce the luxuriant crops
of grain and alfalfa that k is known
to be capable of producing. It has
been suggested that gates in Lower
Kings River be put in so as to turn
northward through Fish and Cole
sloughs into the San Joaquin the wat
ers that may come down in a wet year.
It is estimated now, with the lake
dried up. such works can be put in at
an expenditure not exceeding $5000. In
establishing gates in the Lower Kings
River it should be done of course with
a view of protecting pl those depend
ent upon that source for water for ir
rigation.
And so disappears from the surface
of California the largest lake west of
the Rocky Mountains.
The United States Consul at Shang
hai thus describes a new Chinese fire
cracker: "It has two chambers, sep
arated by a plug of clay, through
which runs a connecting fuse. There is
also a fuse extending from the powder
the credulity of some and the hardi
hood of others. Not one of its magnifi
in the lower chamber through the side
of the cracker. When the cracks- is to
be fired it is set on end and fire set to
the fuse. The powder exploding in the
chamber throws the cracker hi^h in
the air, where the second charge is ex
ploded by fire from the fuse extending
through the plug between the two
chambers. In the manufacture of these
the clay is first tamped in with a punch
to form the separating plug. The
lower chamber is then loaded with
powder and closed by turning over the
paper at the end. The upper chamber is
loaded and closed with clay. A hole
is punched in the side of the lower
chamber with an awl and the fuse in
serted through this opening."
It's hard to gather p woman's mean
ing from her words, but nature has
saved a few of them the trouble of
making themselves plain.
Search lights are such good targets for
the enemy's guns that the Germans are
arranging to throw the light on a mirror
and thence on the enemy, thereby con
cealing its real BOttrci .
Some men go home of a hot day and
quarrel with their wives because they
look comfortable.
A man's clothing usually has the but
tons on the right-hand side, a woman's on
the left:
cent buildings has ever been occupied.
Several years have elapsed since the
writer last visited Wt-st Lynne, whose
history then dated back over fifteen
years. No one loitered on the grass
grown streets; the handsome and cost
ly blocks of brick, with plate-glass
windows and ornate facades and mas
sive doors creaking on rusty hinges or
lying where they had been tumbled, by
Time's rude hand, gave buck holiow
echoes to the voice of the visitor. Man
sions costing thousands or" dollars — ■
tasteful and spacious, with every indi
cation that persons of wealth and re
finement had at some time intended to
occupy them — were scattered in clus
ters in this or that "addition." Around
them trees and shrubbery, once reared
with care, grew rank and unkempt.
The fences were falling to pieces and
grass and weeds encroached upon pave
ments and approaches. Not a human
being was to be seen; not even a stray
cat was found warming itself in some
stray nook on that tine September day.
And the "city" had never Kad a per
manent resident!
But all is not yet told of the waste of
wealth that created this prairie haven
of bats and foul birds of the night.
Across the Red River is a steel bridge,
built for railroad and wagon traffic,
which no engine or train ever crossed
or ever will. The wagon track is used.
The structure must have cost $200,000.
as there is a great deal of piling and
trestles in the approaches.
West Lynne stands on a flat, sandy
stretch, where the overflow from the
river is so extensive and long continued
that crops cannot be grown. Across the
river in Emerson is the custom house,
and the business of the district is con
ducted there. That is all the life there
Is to Emerson, which in the "boom
days" was but a suburb of West Lynne.
Even in Emerson there is a brick block,
three stories high, 375 by 140 feet in di
mensions, with a basement under the
whoie. It contains fourteen spacious
store rooms, with plate glass fronts and.
all the accessories of a stylish business
block. But not a single Individual in
habits the great structure and it Is
slowly going to ruin. Eighty-five thous
and dollars was the cost of this bulld-
ing.
This is but one illustration of the
mannei in which towns arose and fell
in the Dakota s during the memorable
"boom." West Lynne was by far the
largest of the mushroom cities, but
there are many other? in the two States
which contain enormous buildings,
erected when money was plentiful and
Investors looked upon the Northwest as
the American Land of Canaan, but
which have never been tenanted since
the contractors and their men left them.20
- ■
THE VOLUNTEER AND THE FLEA
BEFORE enlisting for the war I sat
me down and thought
Of all the dreadful things with
which the service might be
fraught,
And weighed with most exacting
care the dangers I would face,
• And thought that I could meet them all
with uncomplaining grace.
I thought that when I'd reach the front
and checked the lengthy lift,
Not one soul-trying hardship from the
schedule would be missed.
But here in these Pacific sands, anear the
Bobbing sea,
I find one I had overlooked— the Califor
nia flea.
We never kneel to say our "Now-I-lay
me-down" at night
Without the nuisance joining with an ag
gravating bite,
And while our thoughts we try to fix
upon the throne of grace
They're sure to drift in sinful way to
ward the other place.
We scratch and pray and pray and
scratch in alternating way,
Anfl ask forgiveness for the things we're
tempted sore to say,
And often feel like asking the good Lord
above why he
Created such a creature as the California
flea.
When out on drill or dress parade,
hemmed in on every pide
By laughing-eyed, bewitching girls, fair
California's pride.
We fain would please the Western buds
of beauty bo divine
By marching with our heads erect in
straight unbroken line.
But oh! our ranks are broken oft, and
thrown all out of whack
By comrades reaching for a spot located
In the back.
W«r he's a prince of strategy, a wise old
bup is he,
Atid knows where It is safe to feed— that
California flea.
We do not fear the climate in the dls
. tant Philippines,
We do not fear the clangers of the sea
that intervenes.
We do not fear the Spaniards we expect
to battle there.
Nor any otheY danger on the whole
darnea bill of fare;
But every Colorado boy who wears the
honored blue,
Not only we high privates, but the
shoulder-strappers, too,
Are really afraid to face the fierce ra
pacity
Of this blood-sucking, ravenous old Cali
fornia flea.
—COLORADO VOLUNTEER, Camp Mer
rltt.
AS the mosquito is to New Jersey
so is the flea to California, only
a problem In simple equations,
but don't waste your time in
flg-uring out the answer. There
Is no money in it, but there is a
fortune for tha fellow who can rid
either burg of Its native pest. Any
number have tried their hand at it and j
scientists and other folks sfem to have
made greater headway with the" mos
quito than with the flea. And then
there are any number of other house
hold pests, each of which contributes
its quota of discomfort to man.
Most people think they know all
about fleas. At any rate, all they wish
to know. But really the flea is one of
the most interesting: of insects, and
many great scientists have devoted
years to studying Its habits. The great
French entomologist, Moret, devoted
two solid years to the study cf a single
species. And then he said he had only
begun to find ".ut something.
Scientifically the flea's name is Pulex
:r :■:•.. ns. It belongs to the order of
•wingless insects a.r.d exists in at least
twenty species and several hundred
varieties. The commonest kind that
exist on this coast are the dog fleas,
cattle fleas, pig fleas, cat fleas and the,
kind that are troublesome to buman
beinrs. Any one of the different kinds
Is capable of being very annoying to a
human being, but those that belong to
animals are not much trouble, because
they can be shaken off, and that is the
end of them; they die very quickly
after being deprived of the animal heat.
Pi<r fleas are the largest and cat fleas
the smallest in this part of the world.
The pig flea often grows to almost the
size of a pram of wheat. Cat fleas are
so small their lep3 can scarcely be seen
with the hurrfan ejr«. They appear
simply as a very tiny black speck.
In some parts of Africa scientists
have found fleas so small that they
could not be seen at all without a glass.
They wero but little larger than vege
table barteria. In this respect they
take rank as the smallest of animal
organism capable of freedom of loco-
The most terrible flea of all is found
in Africa. It is not very large in size,
but it has a habit of depositing its eggß
beneath the skin of human beings,
where they hatch, and in a few days
become a troublesomo ulcer that can
only be cured by an application of pow
dered calomel.
The reason that the flea of California
LIVELY ADVENTURES OF THE WAR "BUMMERS" IN '65.
THERE was no man in civil life
to whom the term "bummer"
was applied previous to 1861.
The war brought out the man
and t:.e name. Sherman's
"bummers" g: Ined a reputation over
those of any other army, but every
command held its free-lances, and they
were more or less of a factor in the
field.
The "bummer" of the war was neith
er a. guerrilla nor a robber in point of
fact, though the element had its dregs.
He was a man restive of discipline. He
didn't shirk fighting, but he Avanted to
fight when and how he pleased. His
appetite craved something better than
army rations, and he also had a curi
osity to know what was going on be
tween the lines. No matter how strin
gent the orders or how watchful the
provost guard, tha "bummer" found a
way to get out of camp am", go wander
ing about. The advance guard of a
marching army, whether cavalry or in
fantry, always found the free lances
ahead of them. Now and then they
i acted as scouts and brought In valu-
I able information Lut as a rule they had
i little concern except for themselves.
Juet before Hooker set his n-<- in
march for Chanc.llorsville a provost
guard of 100 men was ordered out to
round up a lot of "bummers" who were
raiding the country to the east Four
or five men had bean ov hauled and
made prisoners, when the guard rode
into a Confederate ambush in the
woods and a sharp fight began. Un
known to either side, a crowd of
50 "get-aways" were encamped in the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1899.
DEVELOPMENT OF TH|E FLEfI FROM THE EGG TO THE FULL-FLEDGED PEST,
is so troublesome and hard to get rid
of is that it breeds on the ground, in
carpets, old rags and In sand. The only
condition necessary is a moderate de
gree of warmth.
The process through which the Cali
fornia flea passes is the same as all the
other species. Briefly, this is very
much like the silk worm, but more like
the dragon fly, with the difference that
the lntter's evolution takes place in
water.
The exact time of the California flea's
embryonic period has never been ac
curately determined, but as the climate
here is much like the northern shores
same piece of woods about hp a mile
away. As soon as the firing began they
seized their muskets, fell into line, and,
under command of one of their number,
they marched through the woods and
fell upon the enemy's flank and routed
him. But for their timely arrival and
the way they fought not a man of the
provost guard would have escaped.
They had been '-aiding farm houses,
and some of them were ..-earing wo
men's bonnets and skirts as they went
into the fight. Three or four of the fel
lows were killed", but the body of them
escorted the guards back to within a
mile of our lines, and then sent a dozen
fat chickens to General Hooker as a
token of their esteem.
Perhaps the first Confederate bank
raided by Union soldiers was one at
Charleston, Va., as Milroy was mak
ing his way up the Kanawha Valley.
"Bumming" was in its Infancy then,
but a dozen of the fellows found them
selves ahead of the army and resolved
to strike for a big stake. They made a
sudden attack on the town at daylight,
and then dashed in and made for the
bank. They broke in the door with an
ax, obliged the banker to unlock his
safe, and somethi. ~ like half a million
dollars was carried away as they re
treated.
A day later the. bundled up $100,000,
■trapped it on the back of an old lame
mule and hired a farmer to deliver the
"wealth" to General Milroy in person.
Accompanying the money was a r:utp,
which advised the general to bribe the
Confederates to keep ahead of him and
do no fighting. As his military maneu
vers had been checkmated ri"T.t along
and his reputation was under a cloud
It was a hard shot at him. The story
got to "Washington, and was comment
ed on by President Lincoln, and it has
LOOK OUT! JUST NOW IS THE MOVING TIME
OF ALL OUTCAST HOMELESS FLEAS
Simp!e story of how a humble ilca of ordinary prdisree is bred and is forc:d by cruel circumstances upon a i c <
of the Mediterranean the chances are
the period is nearly the same. Differ
ent scientists have placed this at dif
ferent lengths of time. The longest is
twenty days and the shortest sixteen
days. Most likely both are right, the
difference being due entirely to the dif
ference in temperature.
To strike an average it might be well
to place it at eighteen days.
The first period of the flea's life is in
an egg. The day ofter the egg is laid
,he form of the larva is already visible
on the inside. The second day it
emerges and starts out In life as an
active grub, eyeless and covered with
long hair.
In this condition the creature lives
about eight days, changing a little in
appearance. It then spins itself into a
cocoon, where it remains for at least
nine days. It is during this stage that
the greatest and most rapid change
takes place.
In four days the larva begins to look
like a flea. The long hair gradually
disappears and legs come out on both
sides.
In nine days it is a full fledged flea
and emerges from the cocoon ready and
willing to bite anything on which it
can hop.
Some scientists assert that only the
female is capable of biting, and that
the male is simply annoying by the
"tickling" effect of its legs. Most peo
ple will refuse to credit this and will
argue stoutly that, male or female, the
lively insect couldn't be any worse.
been asserted that the President's lev
ity caused the general to tender his
resignation.
When Stonewall Jackson flanked in
on Pope, the "bummers" were scattered
over a large extent of territory. T.iere
was not a company in any regiment
which had not contributed at leust one
man. They went roaming in squads of
three or four, over highways where no
commander dared send less than half
a regiment, and many were shot or
taken prisoner. Enough were left, how
ever, to terrify the people of every
farm house in every direction. By some
circumstance about 40 of them reached
a certain farm h' use at the same time,
and finding only a woman and two or
three children about, they killed the
only pig left, devoured the last few
chickens, and plundered the house of
whatever took their fancy. As it was a
rainy night they took up their quarters
in the barn.
No sooner were they settled down
than the woman took her children and
set out for help, and after walking
seven miles she encountered a Confed
erate picket post and told of the game
in the trap. Before midnight the barn
was surrounded and every "bummer"
captured, and some of them had not
got back to their regiments when the
war closed.
A month before General Burnside
was relieved of his command the "bum
mer" element was called to his atten
tion so forcibly that he issued more
stringent orders than had ever before
gone out. It was announced that any
soldier who should be found absent
from his command without a pass
would be imprisoned during the re
mainder of the war, with a forfeit of all
pay and allowances. The provost guard
Every housekeeper has a terror of
ants, cockroaches, carpet beetles, moths
and any number of other terrors, to say
nothing of the everyday, everywhere
common housefly. Flypaper is part of
the stock in trade of every grocery
store in the entire country, but reme
dies for the other pests are not so liber
ally provided. Professor Henry Skinner,
an entomologist, has made a careful
study of all sorts of bugs and things
that crawl or fly. He has made our
household pests his particular study.
Recently he lectured at the Academy
of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia,
and during his lecture gave a lot of in
formation of value to housekeepers who
would be rid of household pests. A
great many will agree with Professor
Skinner that dogs and cats are the
greatest breeders of fleas. Not content
with breeding them, all members of the
canine and feline tribes are in the
"common carrier" business when it
comes to a matter of flea distribution.
Ever notice how your pet dog delights
in rubbing up against your legs? He
brushes past on one side, then turns
and gives you a broadside the other
way. From fear that every flea is not
fully awake to the situation he retreats
a few steps, gives himself a shake and
then comes back at you again. Cats
are adepts at the same trick. The
chances are that you will not resent
this familiarity on the part of the pet
until it has fulfilled all its duties as a
"common carrier." Then it is ready
to retire to its favorite rug and take
on another load of pests.
According to Professor Skinner, how
ever, it is a very simple matter to rid
the dogs and cats of fleas. A few
ounces of pyrethrum powder will do
the work. Sprinkle it freely Into the
fur and then wrap the animal with a
thick towel to exclude the air, and in
half an hour every fiea on that dog or
cat is dead. But this only refers to the
present crop, and the operation will
soon have to be repeated, for you may
depend upon it that every one of the
living: fleas on that dog or cat had made
the proper arrangements for a worthy
successor and possibly several of them.
According to Professor Skinner the
was Increased and ordered to do con
stant scouting, but the "bumming"
went on just the same. Then came a
second order, to the effect that any sol
dier absent for two days without leave
should be considered a deserter and
treated accordingly. This brought hack
some of the men to d"'v. but one of the
professionals, at least, came into head
quarters solely in sf.arch of informa
tion. He did not get to see the general
in person, but he had an interview
with one of the staff, and, holding up a
printed copy of the last order tn his
hand, he said:
"Kurnel, the boys kind o- want to
know what this means, and have sent
me in to find out."
"Can't you read?" demanded the col
onel.
"More or less, but we can't jeßt git on
to the hang of things. Is the war com
ing to an end?"
"It doesn't look like It."
"That's the way we all argue, and
being as Gineral Burnside can't down
Lee in a square fight, why don't he let
us go ahead and eat him out of house
and home till he has to surrender?"
The "anxious inquirer" was sent to
the guardhouse, pending 1 a return to
his company, but he managed to get
away in a day or two. and the next
thing heard of him was a scrawl, in
which he t=aid that four of them had
run a Confederate calf into the woods
and would divide the veal with head
quarters if a regiment was sent to as
sist them to make the capture. Had
Burnside hung on he might have issued
a third order, but even had it announc
ed Instant death as the penalty of
"bumming" he could not have abol
ished it.
A portion of Custer's command was
difficulty to be overcome In ridding a
house of fleas or other pests is that in
sects possess marvelous fecundity and
while there are only hundreds living
there are thousands in various stages
of development. Therefore, unless the
remedies are followed up promptly, it is
only a quesfton of days and in some
cases hours when we will have a new
crop that can bite quite as ferociously
as did the previous ones. As fleas and
other insects delight to revel and breed
in dirt, it follows that the great preven
tive is absolute cleanliness. He recom
mends that carpets should be taken up
at least twice a year, while every room
should be swept and thoroughly dusted
several times a week. Care must be
taken that dust does not collect in
corners and every crack in the floor
must be carefully closed. He recom
mends that in sweeping the house
keener should place some kerosene in
the little tin tray of the carpet-sweeper
and then as she wheels over the carpet
the fleas are carried in and killed by
Professor Skinner claims that the flea
undergoes its transformation in various
kinds of dust, and that an apparently
harmless collection of dust in a corner
may prove tr be a perfect flea incuba
tor Mats rugs o" straw on which the
favorite poodle or pet cat may pass its
sleeping hours are also fertile fields
when it comes to flea raising, and as
these places are always loaded with
fleas in various stages of transforma
tion it is well that they should be fre
quently attended to. It will do little
good to rid the pets of their fleas if they
are allowed to go right back to their
bed and take on another load.
It does not require the instructions of
the professor to know that fleas delight
in flesh and have an inborn faculty of
picking out the most tender morsels.
Many housekeepers have thought to
trap the wily flea by placing a piece of
raw meat on a piece of fly paper and
laying it on the floor, the idea being
that the flea will be attracted to the
meat, and in his frantic efforts to reach
It light on the fly paper and stick there.
Professor Skinner says that this is a
delusion, not for the fly but to the
housekeeper, for dead flesh offers no
inducement to the enlcurean flea, and
the only ones that are so caught are
those that light there by accident.
According to Professor Skinner, the
proper way to use fly paper in catching
fleas, that is, if you feel that you must
use it, is to tie it about your legs the
sticky side outward, it is pre
sumed, although the learned pro
fessor Is silent on this point, and
when thus armed walk up and down
the floor. It is a known fact that fleas
can sight an approaching person at
some distance, when they Immediately
square themselves for an attack and al
wayß manage to light plumb on the an
kle of the Intruder. The professor
would have you take advantage of this
peculiarity of the flea and by the use
of the fly paper turn it to his own de
struction. There is one point, however,
that the professor overlooks, and
that is to give warning aa to
the manner of walking. To do
the sticky-fly-paper-flea-act properly,
one should have first become a snow-
Bhoe expert in order to learn the proper
walk and control of the feet, for if you
are careless in your movements and
are at all inclined to "interfere" the
chances are that you will not have gone
man steps before an entanglement
may follow that will result in the con
fttMon and abashment of the Intruder.
Professor Skinner quotes an instance
In which the janitor of a flea-ridden
college quickly banished the pests by
the use of fly paper. The Janitor
donned long-legged rubber boots, which
he had previously covered with fly pa
per. Thus armed he made his rounds
through the college halls and rooms
and acting the part of the man with
the seven league boots, with the excep
tion of in this instance the fleas in
their endeavor to get away with the
big boots brought about their own de-
Another pest which man has to con
tend with, but fortunately not to any
extent in California, except in certain
localities, is the mosquito. In this
State the mosquito is not a universal
pest, yet there are many locations that
can claim "the Jersey canaries" an
among their products. It is said that
they flourish best in warm moist
climates, but It is hard to figure out
the degree of heat they delight in or
the degree of cold that they can with
stand, for mosquitoes are to be found
in every tropical clime, and on the
other hand the gold-seekers from
Alaska tell wonderful stories of the size
and ferocity of the mosquitoes that live
in that region of snow and Ice.
All mosquitoes live and thrive in
stagnant water and usually undergo
their transformation in rain barrels,
sewage water, cesspools and drains.
According to Professor Skinner, who
has studied their habits, the female
mosquito's egg mass contains over five
hundred eggs. These she deposits on
the surface of tb,e water and the young
hatch out in about sixteen hours. The
larvae breathe through little tubes
which they stick up out of the water,
and the only way to rid a locality of
mosquitoes is by an attack on the
breeding places. This is a very simple
method as one only has to pour a little
kerosene on the surface of the water
where one supects mosquitoes might be
breeding. The film that spreads over
the water from the kerosene not only
kills the eggs which the female may
have deposited, but kills all larvae In
process of transformation. One ounce
scouting toward BerryxMlle one day be
fore the battle of Winchester when it
came upon a queer state of affairs at a
farm house. Two hours previously a
gang of seven "bummers" had come
along and started in to loot the house.
The farmer was a Confederate soldier,
who was home on furlough to be nursed
for a wound in the thigh. He was not
able to leave his bed. but his wife hand
ed him his musket, and he shot one of
the men dead and drove the rest out.
They did not go away, however, being
determined to kill him and burn the
house In revenge. He had his bed
drawn to the door, and being propped
up. he kept them away from the rear
of the house, while his wife, who was
armed with an old revolver, fired often
enough to prevent any approach to th%
front. There was a spring house of
solid build a few rods from the back
door, and the "bummers" entered it to
regale themselves before closing in on
the house. The door opened inward,
and while they were playing havoc
with the milk pans the woman ap
proached and pulled the door to and
thrust a stick through the handle. The
structure was too solid Jo be beaten
down, and as there was But one win
dow, the men tried to make their es
cape that way. Propped up in his bed,
with his wound paining him at every
movement, the Confederate fired at
every head thrust out. and his bullets
flew so close that all attempts were
soon abandoned.
We found him with his mucket in
his grasp and a read man on the floor,
and we also found the soldiers huddled
together in the spring house. The Con
federate could have be«n carried off a
prisoner of war, but he was not dis
turbed.
of kerosene is sufficient for a pool fif
teen feet square. Dragon flies destroy a
great many mosquitoes, both in the
larval and perfect state, but cr.e can
not go into the business of raising
dragon Hies for the sake of ridding the
community of mosquitoes. Kerosene is
° Professor Skinner recommends that
in order to rid a room of mosquitoes a
blacking-box lid containing kerosene
and fastened upon the end of a broom
stick be thrust under the mosquitoes
upon the wall or ceiling. The fumes
from the kerosene the moment they
strike them causes them to drop into
the box and die. After the room s once
rid of the pesU it is only a question of
cleanliness and use of screens to keep
th professor Skinner says that any good
collection of United States mosquitoes
would include at least twenty distinct
species, but only entomologists care
about this, for the average man wages
war on the mosquito regardless of its
species or kind.
WAR PHOTOGRAPHY
on
A BIG SCALE.
PHOTOGRAPHY is playing: a w
markably large part in the war.
Uncle Sam Is conducting th»
biggest photographic establish
ment on earth and when the war
Is over there will be thousands upon
thousands of negatives carefully filed
away in the National Library at Wash
ington providing a pictorial record of
the war for future generations. Thou
sands of photographs are already piled
up at Washington and the stream will
pour in until the end.
This is one of the interesting func
tions of the Signal Corps and Chief
Signal Officer Greely has organized the
photographic service on a greater scale
and with more completeness than was
ever done by any nation in time of war
before.
The arrangements to photograpn.
every conceivable feature of the Philip
pine campaign are typical of what is
being done even more extensively in
Cuba and wherever land or naval oper
ations are going on. Uncle Sam's chief
photographer himself is sailing west
ward on the Newport with three other
photographers, all members of the sig
nal company of flfty-five which has
gone forward. This is Sergeant H. W.
Chadwick, who has been with the Sig
nal Corps for several years. He is an
expert and for a long time has been in
charge of the photographic work of the
Signal Corps. Before the beginning of
the war he was stationed <-t the Na
tional L.brary at Washington in imme
diate charge of that great and price
less collection of photographs of the
civil war taken by Brady and sold to
the Government for a fortune. In the
game collection are photographs illus
trating the recent Graeco-Turkish war
for which 1 ncle Sam paid the modest
sum of $27,000. There are thousands of
other pictures and negatives i^ed with
every possible precaution for their pre
servation. Anybody who wanted copies
of any of these pictures could get them
after having a little trouble with Ser
geant Chadwick.
On the breaking- out of hostilities
Chadwick was rushed to the front at
Tampa, and then he had influence
enough to get into the Philippine ser
vice. Chadwick came here with a big
outfit and then started in buying. He
spent orer $1000 in a few days in sup
plementing his outfit of the corps. Old
photographic supply dealers say that
so fine and complete a photographic
field outfit was never seen before.
Chadwick also took along everything
needed for working by the old and al
most forgotten wet plate processes. If
climate or accident spoils his films and
plates he can start in and make his
own plates, as they did a generation
ago. His field dark room Is an in
geniously contrived tent.
Sergeant Chadwick began taking anil
collecting photographs as soon as he
arrived here. He photographed Camp
Merritt in its every feature and se
cured copies of many views by pro
fessionals and amateurs. Before leav
ing he forwarded a big consignment of
views to Washington and some ama
teurs about town would be surprised to
know that their pictures are already
part of the official record of the war.
The appearance of the troops, arriving,
camping, drilling, eating and leaving
was portrayed for the Government, and
t troopships were likewise photo
hed inside and out and steaming 1
c other photographers in the party
Sergeant Charles H. Davis, T. B.
1 and Andy and Lieutenant Law
case of military operations it will
be the duty of these photographers of
the signal corps to occupy advanced
and commanding positions regardless
of risk and take a constant series of
snap shots of the troops and the enemy
showing every position and movement
of the action possible. Copies of a
great number of photographs of this
character illustrating both land and
Ival movements will go to West
int. to Annapolis and to Newport,
tere they will hereafter be used by
(tructors- to illustrate and criticise
military operations. It is quite possi
ble that future caaets at West Point
may thus see what the First Regiment
of California Volunteers did fit the
storming of Manila and debate the wis
dom of its positions and movements.
Other photographs will fro to ordnance
Rierts. naval constructors, etc.. who
3y minutely the effects of shot and
11, etc., on this and that.
In addition the signal corps will
photograph the positions and defenses
of the enemy for the use of the com
manders. Military photography is thus
t great practical value as well as an
aluable historical record, and In
i war Uncle Sam Is attending to it
II himself instead of paying for
tunes afterward to other people. In
Cuba the signal corps is prepared for
experiments in balloon and kite photo
graphy.
Their work is largely supplemented
by the amateur work of officers and
privates in all branches of the service.
There is a remarkable supply of cam
eras in the army and the war natural
ly started a sudden and inordinate de
mand for small cameras, especially for
the folding pocket type. Every ama
teur photographer in the army is ready
to make any sacrifice to take a camera
along. Over a hundred cameras went
with the Minnesota regiment alone.
Every officer and private is keenly anx
ious to keep and to send home pictures
of the strange scenes, of whlcb he is a
part and of his novel experiences. Hun
dreds of thousands of photographs
have gone to the old folks, showing the
young college graduate or tha
farmer's boy marching gayly on Van
Ness avenue or getting shaved in camp.
Most of the thousands of Philippine
soldiers have aIBO gone to a gallery and
had farewell pictures taken beforeEnd of Faro on the Comstock.
THE last vestige of the famous
night-life of Virginia City pass
ed when "Old Kentuck" closed
his faro game one night last
" week, and for the first time in
.thirty years not a bank game was
'running on the Comstoek. Virginia
•".City Is but a shadow In the dark of her
''•former self. Gone are her mine whis
tles, throb of pumps, great buildings
full of life and her busy trade.
; Since the earliest days faro has flour
ished in Virginia City, and some of the
.' best and biggest hearted men that ever
lived have amused themselves and lost
: their shekels "bucking the tiger." The
■ game as conducted there was mostly
."high-toned and legitimate," although
.instances have been known where a
•'."brace" or "sure-thing" game was run
".Vand the victim was fleeced to his last
.•penny.
;. " Peter Burke, the builder of the Vir
ginia City Courthouse and well known
.to -all the old-timers, once ran up
'.'against such a layout, his pockets lined
' with about $250^ .the gift of Senator
: Jem He began to "buck the tiger"
' and never won a bet. A most expert
■dealer known as. ."Shorty" was manip
ulating the "bracer.!'
■ '"Tlte g-ames that.ntfoined fame In the
td".vn, as well as out of it for that mat
ter, were conducted . legitimately and
;.were patronized by men in all the high
-er walks. of life. Lawyers who have ar
' g-ued some of the biggest mining suits
■..in the history of the country ' Judges
•Iwho decided these suits, and whose de
'•.cisions have, established the Western
A CARRIAGE THAT IS FAMOUS IN JAPAN.
VaWb'e Relic That Has Just Been Put on Exhibition at the Hopkins Institute of Art,
": f% y HERE has just been loaned the
I Mark Hopkins- Institute of Art
■';•' I by Mrs. has just been loaned old I
Hopkins Institute of Art:
by Mrs. Phebe li. Hearst the old;
I state carriage of Baron " Kamon
.-" **- no Kami. Lord of Hikoni Castle,
■;■• Japan. This most interesting old
relic will be on public view for som>
' time.
. In applying the word "carriage" to
-.this conveyance a true idea of its ap
pearance is not gained, for it is r.ot,
■. literally speaking, a carriage. Ind •■• -1. •
it" Is more like a sedan chair, although
* differing materially from those of
V- Europe. ;
• The Japanese name for the old relic
:is nori mono. In general appearance
1 It looks like a boat slung to a pole. In
.the days when it was in use the owner
•; of "the'-vehicle" sot inside the box and
ptrong men bore the pole upon their
: . ehoulders nd so transported the occu
■ pant from place to place.
. Xori monos were never in general
use on account of their great expense.
■ It cost a good deal of money to make
• .or." of them, but a good deal more 10
. n aintain it, as the services of at l»*ast
" ten men were required to care for and
"move it from place to place. An.l the
' men had. of necessity, to be strong,
wr il trained and kept in the best of
. condition.
'■•".■ As the nori mono now stands in the j
'■'.Art Association rooms it is certa-.nly a
•'. masterpiece of utilitarian art. It is the
only one of its kind in existence at
present outside of Japan. A number of |
th. :n are still preserved in the museum |
. pfTokio, where they are looked upon ,
•as the finest mementos of old Japan.
''■'. In size the carriage box of the nori j
:' mono' is about throe by five feet on the j
\ torn., and three and a half feet high. !
Th'- roof is a little smaller than the
:■ floor,- which greatly adds to the ex
.terior appearance of the vehicle.
;.; : The materials of which the vehicle is
-■made are wood and brass. The carry
ing pole is one solid timber, heavy and
• -etrang: The frame is of heavy wood,
bound with brass. The covering of the
•; carriage i* of wood but a little thick
■.-cr than cardboard. This is not a solid |
..covering, but is in the form of slats, |
-.• th space between each being filled
', with a fine -?auze.
. •Ail of the exterior woodwork is high
ly lacquered and ornamented with gold.
-.This ornamentation even extends over
the gauze, producing a deiicate, film-.
• "like effect. As well as simple orna
..ment, the woodwork is also covered
with the personal crests of II Kamon
■no Kami, and also those of his wife's
; family. They are outlined in the i
• brightest gold and in slight relief. Both j
■ crests are somewhat similar in form,
. .the Baron's bearing a resemblance to a
• .fleur de lis. The door for entering or
-leaving the vehicle was of the sliding
kind-- and runs as smooth as possible;
. .' . Just who made the norl mono and !
• : .when does not appear to be a matter \
: -of record. It gained its historic im- i
: portaiice and became worthy of pres- |
' ervation through being the property of
I ll'-. Kamon no Kr ii, and passing j
I through one of the most important
\ periods in the history of Japan,
\ As the story goes II Kamor no Kami
Was" the first Japanese to ; advocate
communication with foreigners, ThUi
I
mining: laws of to-day; ■ doctors who
have been paid the biggest fees on
this continent: journalists who have
since become famous men of brains
and hearts, played faro here and played
It hard.
The first game ever opened in the
town was operated by Johnny Newman
in a little stone house on A street in
1861. There are some who contend that
"Put" Robson dealt faro in 1860, and
they dub him the '"Father of Faro" on
the Comstock. Even as early as 1859 a
Mexican named Jesus Lopez, who died
a few years since in Carson City, dealt
a small game. But the honor, if such
it may be called, of dealing the first
faro game in the town belongs to John
ny Newman, in whose little cabin for
tunes were won and lost.
Shortly after Newman started his
layout Jim Barclay of Marysvllle open
ed a big game on B street, near Sutton
avenue, and in 1863 "Put" Robson, in
partnership with Joe Stewart, had a
game at 43 South C street, which was
fast becoming famous for its faro re
sorts.
This layout, another. at "No. 45. ' run
by Maugi and Slssa, and a third .at
"No. 47," earned a quarter of a million
dollars apiece for the lucky owners in
side of six months during the winter
of 1563-64.
The game at "No. 43." later run by
Sttwart- and: A brier Gentry, w«s most
popular with the moneyed men of the
time. The detailed history of the place
would make a most interesting volume.
Some big winnings are recorded, al
though the bank's side of the account
is far the heavier by long odds.
"Long Brown," well remembered on
the lode, once won $7000 playing what is
was at a period that might be desig
nated a-s the "dawn of commerce." It
was when the great nations of the
world were reaching out and looking
ther conquest than that of the
sword.
li Kamon no Kami had been outside
of his own country and did not look
upon all the other people of the world
as devils. He advocated intercourse
with them and an exchange of cour
at least. In order to pain ad
herents for his cause he traveled all
ov< i Japan, making the journeys in the
nori mono now on exhibition at the
Art Association rooms.
As history .shows Ii Kamon no Kami
met with poor success in his under
taking. In fact he v.iis often driven out
of villages for advocating such an out
rageous doctrine as intercourse with
foreigners.
The strongest opponent of progress
vas Prince Mito, a thoroughly old
fashioned Japanese, who had the great
est faith in the traditions of the past
and who believed the idea of improve
ment to be a curse. The slight success
that Ii Kamon no Kami did gairi so
incensed him that he employed a squad
of ruflians to follow him wherever he
went and inflame the people against
him.
In this plan the wily Prince was suc
cessful. On a certain day Ii Kamon no
Kami made a speech before the nobles
in Tokio and a number were inclined
to listen to him, all of which only made
Prince Mito more furious than ever.
What orders he issued to his hired
ruffians will never be known, but when
II Kamon do Kami was on his way
home after making his speech a crowd
set upon him. He was riding in his
norl mono, but his carriers were over
powered and he was dragged out into
the street where the mob attacked him.
Swords, spears, knives and even clubs
were used on the unfortunate man so
that in a few minutes he was simply
hacked to death.
In this awful assassination the norl
mono, strange to gay, did not suffer.
The Japanese and Chinese, as Is well
known, have a certain respect for prop
erty even when they have none for the
owner. But In this Instance the prop
erty of Ii Kamon i > Kami received
several deep scars. The carrying pole
of the norl mono was hacked in several
places and a few of the small slats
were broken. Even a good coat of
lacquer has been unable to conceal these
Injuries and they can be plainly seen
to this day on the old norl mono as It
rests In Its room at the Institute of Art.
i — . «■ ♦ ■
THE MARRIED MAN'S TIP.
"It is strange that I can't get my wife
to mend my clothf-s," remarked Mr.
Bridle, in a tone of disgust. "I asked
her to sew a button on this vest this
morning, and she hasn't touched It."
"You asked her!" said Mr. Norrls,
with a slight shrug of his shoulders.
"Yes. What else should I do?"
"You haven't been married very long,
so perhaps you'll take a tip from me,"
answered Mr. Norrle, with a fatherly
air. "Never auk a woman to mend any
thing. That's fatal."
"Why, What flo you mean?"
"Do an I do. When I want a shirt
mondrd, for instance, I tako It in my
hand and hunt up my wlfo. 'Where's
that ra.«-b«tff. Mr*. Norrls?' 1 demand.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AVGUST 14, 1593.
seE ;,f D susses, *„ ss^s r^r FO r L u^
DYING GASD OF BIG GAMBLING ON THE COMSTOCK- „ „ ...
i , — . ■ _— — — ~ ~~
known as "progression" with half-dol
lar checks at the Palace, Cross & I lav
«^»,,v.'o ni!>.<D "Rvpn as late as IS7B,
in a stern voice.
" 'What do you want a rag bag for?
she says, suspiciously.
•• *I want to throw this shirt away;
it's all worn out,' I reply.
•' 'L,el me sf-e." she demands.
" 'But I put the garment behind my
back. "No, my dear," I answer. 'There
is no use- in y;iur attempting to do any
thing with it.'
" 'Let me Bee it,' she reiterates.
" 'But it's all worn out, I tell you.'
" 'Now, John, you give me that shirt!'
THE BARON WAS DRAGGED FROM HIS CARRIAGE OND KILLED BY THE MOB.
after the big fire had put things on a
different basis, winnings of two or
thive thousand dollars were credited
she says, in her most peremptory tone.
"I hand over the garment.
" 'Why, J"hn Norris.' she cries, with
womanly triumph, "this is a perfectly
good shirt. All it needs is .'
"And she mends it."
The expression, "the lottery of mar
riage," is not figurative in the province
of Smolensk, Russia. Lotteries are held
there four times a year, at which the
prize is a young woman. The price
of a ticket is a ruble (about 80 cents),
and there are 5000 tickets. The $1000
thus raised becomes practically the
marriage portion of the young woman
who officiates as the prize. The win
ner has the right to give the successful
ticket to a friend. If the young woman
refuses to marry the winner the 5000
rubles are divided between them.
time and time again to sucn players as
Pete Boyce and Joe Gavin.
"Hearts are hearts the world over,"
TRICKS OF BOUNTY JUMPERS IN THE CIVIL WAR.
At the outbreak of the civil war the
young men of the North exhibited their
patriotism by enlisting for the defense
of the Un.on a3 eagerly as they are
coming forward to fight against Spain.
No bounties were paid at first, and
nearly 1,000,000 men volunteered with
no more pecuniary inducement than the
regular army pay.
After a time, however, volunteering
languished, and to stimulate enlist
ments bounties were offered by the na
tion, the States and the cities and
towns. This not bringing forth recruits
cAB.N WHERE THE FIRST GAME OF
FARO WAS PLAYED ON THE
COMSTOCK.
From a Photograph.
and sentiment was by no means dead
in those rough times, and one historical
winning turned on the player's remem
brance of his "folks at home." This
lucky player, a famous bonanza king
now," had rceived an English shilling in
change at une of the stores and noticed
that it bore the date of his family's ar
rival in America. So when he fumbled
the strange coin in his pocket he
thought of sister and brother and of
soft pink baby hands and wavy gray
hair under a lace cap, and of worlds of
love and kindness stored up for him at
home.
Finally the shilling became the last
coin left in the shrinking pocket, and
the man, reduced to his last quarter,
decided to risk the shilling at faro.
Blessed hope! He bet on the tray-ten
and won $1800 before he rose from the
table. That was the beginning of a big
fortune. To-day it helps maintain one
.if the finest homes in San Francisco.
Eli Skaggs holds the record for the
biggest gains and losses at one sitting,
having once won $.SOO on two turns of
the cards. The sitting netted him $2000.
Another evening he quietly lost $5600.
But for losses that give a man a new
sensation perhaps one that occurred in
'79 should be recorded in which Johnny
Skae, the mine boss, lost $10,000 in ten
turns to Joe Stewart.
George F. Jones, too, had a reputa
tion as a loser, dropping in all $95,000
at faro. The aforesaid dollars, by the
way, belonged not to Jones, but to one
of the most economical, thrifty money
getters that ever lived, a millionaire
who cannot bear to see a stray nail
going to waste on the street.
Faro had not as many tragedies to
its account on the Comstock as poker
games, for the reason that the faro
player always loses to the "bank,"
which, in spite of the firm name and
the flesh-and-blood dealer has no in
dividuality and never arouses the ani
mosity which the gambler sometimes
feeis for his opponent at poker. It is
simply fate when one loses at faro and
there is no use kicking.
At the same time the faro banks of
the Comstock have turned the current
of many a life and one instance just
it hand is truly pathetic. There came
to the Comstock one day a fine old
g.-ntleman 'Tom the Snuth. sun." one
of the blue blonds of that aristocratic
locality and its manners and traditions
innate* with him. Accompanying him
was his beautiful daughter and her
husband, a rank Northerner and their
four charming children. They pros
pered on the Comstock and lived in the
hospitable fashion of Southern people,
but faro held out her seductive hand
and both the men became her victims.
A considerable bank account went first,
then the home was mortgaged, and one
day the husband died very suddenly.
in sufficient numbers, the draft was re
sorted to. Drafted men were paid
smaller bounties, or none at all, and
this fact sent into the service as vol
unteers many who were liable to con
scription.
Men who were drafted often, when
able. procured substitutes, paying
at first ?100, then $200, then $300, and
finally, as available substitutes grew
scarce much larger amounts, touching
in some instances $1600. Many cities
and towns obtained the recruits needed
to fill their quotas under the various
calls for troops by in other
He carried a large life insurance, so
the death certificate read •■heart fail
ure, " but the wife and some others
knvw that his last agony was from
laudanum poisoning.
The old gentleman could not shake
oft the fascination of faro and the large
I ranee soon went the way of the
• competence. A bullet through his
i, seat mere by his own hand,_
d him the hombie pangs* of re
c. The daughter did not long sur
these misfortunes and passed
f leaving her children the legacy
elpless aristocracy and poverty.
The hapless children in their turn were
broken by misfortune.
» * *
But the reign of faro on the Com
stock is over. In the Hush times when
the dealers got $15 a shift and the bank
turned in a big winning every night
the county license of $100 per month
cut no figure. But no money in the
town meant no money in the faro
oanks and one by one the games failed
to pay their licenses and were obliged
to close. The dealer's wages ran the
gamut from $15 a night to $10, to $7 50,
down, down, almost to just '•grub-
One night last week there was just
one game running. Daniels, better
known as "Old Kentuck," was dealing,
with his partner, John McCauley, on
the "lookout," in the rooms over the
"Sawdust Corner." Outside the street
was deserted and the voice of a vau
deville artist singing forlornly in a
saloon across the way sounded like the
wail of a mourner at a wake.
i. ya, this is the last game," said
"Old Kentuck."
And then he became reminiscent. "I
remember my start well," he said. "I
was about broke, but Johnny Pidge and
I dug up a dollar and a half between
us and I won $300 in Gold Hill at one
sitting. That was the beginning."
He sighed and fingered the caxd box
"Do you remember 'Farmer' Peel?"
asked an old "check-guerrilla."
"Yes, he was a shooter from way
"How many in his graveyard?"
"Five here, and they say he'd dor^B
some killin', back East. That man used
to go out and shoot a feller to change
his luck when he was losin'."
"That so? That was an old trick of
George Kirk's, too. What became of
"Gone below, by the vigilante route.
They strung him up early one morn
ing time enough for him to get to the
other place by the first call for break-
Trie little group laughed mournfully.
This dying business in old Virginia has
had a depressing. effect and their spirit?
were not as high as in '64.
"And I wonder where Jack William?
and Bill Brown and Jack Butler and
Tom Peasley. are now?" ventured an
other.
"All planted," piped up the old check
guerrilla.
" 'We've come home free and merry
From the peaceful cemetery'
pal times on their account."
Th* guerrilla is addicted to the quot
ing habit and always spouts Shakes
peare when he is drunk. Poor devil!
There are happy, long forgotten col
lege days way back in his history.
"Well, boys, here's the turn," broke
In Kentuck.
The bets were gravely and carefully
placed as befitted the occasion.
The bank won.
Two white checks and a red one — just
°"Here Tank, take this and bring us
a drink." ordered Old Kentuck.
Yank disappeared and presently came
up with the glasses.
Still the remnants of the old crowd
hung around and "reminisced" a little
longer, loth to leave the place and see
it ( lose up for good.
Old Kentuck was silent— was deep in
thought.
Finally he said huskily: "Good-night.
boys." Then he reached up to turn oft
the electric lights.
The little group filed out and Old
Kentuck ptood there in the dark a min
ute or two, then gToped his way out
and locked the door.
And the days of faro on the Comstock
were over.
localities, as men who were willing to
enlist wanted to be credited to the
places that would give them the most
money.
The procuring of men to serve as
substitutes and to make up deficient
quotas grew into a business of itself,
and a very profitable one at that.
"Substitute brokers" quickly appeared
in great numbers all over the North,
and they made enormous profits by
agreeing to fill quotas at so much per
recruit.
Out of this business naturally grew
many abuses. For example, a firm of
substitute brokers in a New England
THE CARRIAGE (\S IT (APPEARS
IN THE ART INSTITUTE.
State ascertained that a large number
of men who enlisted, mostly in the
navy, at Fort Monroe and other sta
tions' on the Atlantic coast, at the be
ginning of the war, had not been cred
ited to the quota of any State. They
contrived, in some way best known to
themselves, to gain control of the list
of these men, notwithstanding the fact
that they had been in the service for
several years, sold them in lots to suit
the various cities and towns in tne
State referred to which were looking
for recruits to fill their quotas.
These cities and towns and the Mate
! were thus credited with having sent
] into the service the requisite number
! of men under the President's call, but
I the national Government, of course,
was cheated out of just so many re
cruits The substitute brokers who car
ried through this transaction, which
was subsequently widely known as the
"Paper Credits Fraud," pocketed a
great deal of money.
One of the results of the payment ot
! big bounties was the coming into exist
' ence of a class known as "bounty jump
! ers " The various bounties and gratu
; ities, toward the end of the war, rarely
• aggregated less than $1000 per recruit,
and a great many hard characters took
advantage of this national, state and
municipal liberality by enlisting get
ting the money, and deserting at the
first opportunity. It is on record that
; some of these men "jumped their
i bounties as many as twenty times.
; each time clearing from $1000 upward
Generally the desertions were effected
at the State camps, where recruits were
herded until called to the front. Some
times however, the bounty jumpers dl<3
not get away until they had been sent
to regiments in the Held.
2122
BUILDING THE GREAT NILE DAM
ONE
of the
GREATEST
ENGINEER
ING
feats of
MODERN
TIMES.
THE GREAT DAM THAT BfKXS UP THE WOTER FOR ONE HUNDRED AND FORTY-FOUR MILES.
The Colossal Character of tbe Great Dam Will Be Apparent Whe 0 It Is Stated That the Flood Discharge of a River a Mile Wide and Thirty
Feet Deep. Flowing at High Velocity. Must Pass Through the Darr/s Sluices at the Rate of 15,000 Tons of Water Per Second,
9,000,000 Tons a Minute-More Than 50,000.000 Tons of Water an Hour! At Times the Water Will Be Dammed Back Th.rty-S.x
Feet Above its Pressed Level and for a Distance of 144 miles Above the Dam,
LONDON. July 29.— After some
centuries of discussion and
planning the Nile is at last to
be dammed. The plans have
been completed for some time
and as soon as the season's
floods have subsided the contractors ,
will have several hundred men busy on
the stone work at Assouan.
The man who is to have the direc- i
tion of the work, which will rank as
the greatest irrigation scheme ever at
tempted and one of the engineering
feats of the age, is Sir Benjamin
Baker, whose name is already associ
ated with many great enterprises. Mr.
Benjamin is himself ready to start for
Assouan, where he will assume per- i
sonal direction of the undertaking. In
discussing the matter a few days ago
he hazarded the prediction that by the
beginning of the twentieth century the
first steamer would pass through the
locks into the reservoir, on its way to
the upper Nile. Whatever difficulties
may be encountered in the work it
probably will not take so long as it has
for thVlChedive and bis French advis
ers~to make up their minds to sanc
tion it.
The effect of the dam as at present
conceived will be to submerge the
nearer islands only, but as originally
planned it would at flood time, or "high
Nile," have submerged the island of
Philae, a mile up stream, and the tern-
KKS™\^.^
NOW that peace seems to be approaching, public
interest, which has been centered during the
past few months upon the war and all the
various circumstances pertaining thereto, is
beginning to turn again toward civic matters.
State elections are rapidly approaching at numerous
points in the Union and in a way they will help fore
cast the chances in the next Presidential election.
' What effect this conflict between the United States
and Spain will have upon American politics in the
future is a question which is worthy of deep con
sideration at this juncture. A number of prominent
statesmen and public men of San Francisco and Oak
land have here given their views upon this subject.
* • •
1. It will crystallize the sentiment of love of country
and make that crystallized form of unlvenml *g£*:
■ — ism felt more in our political
action as a nation, in na
tional legislation and nation
al policies.
2 It will strengthen the
»»_T-!_1 •„ ,1.,,ini11.
EX-MAYOR
WILLIAM R. DAVIS,
Oakland.
arm of the Republican party, ittcivimey s """'""f I
tration has now been thus speedily proved to have In
it not only wisdom and gentleness, but courage and
in TT:-m T &\o°Ms nation a self-consciousnesa
of its international relations and of its own real great
ness and mission also, not only for our own people
but among the great peoples of the earth. ■_._.
4 It will tend to make political and governmental
pursuits broader, political views deeper and political
scope wider; and I feel sure will, in percept We de
gree, both broaden and elevate public service and
public men.  ■ ;;^ :»',.'
In one way this war with ' Spain has been and will
be a positive blessing to our country. During these
months when we have been
preparing for and carrying
out the armed and effectual
protest which we have just
made against the misdoings
EX-CONGRESSMAN
WARREN ENGLISH. |
of a foreign power sectional differencr-s Have u->-n
burled so deeply that their resurrection Is not to be
reckoned on as being: among the possibilities.
While there must always be differences of opinion
on many subjects among- "individuals who as citizens
love their country and its institutions equally well,
and while such differences of opinion, given free ex
pression, must inevitably segregate and consolidate
individuals into parties, one or the other of which
must hoid the reirs of government, personal feelings
and prejudices will have far less weight in the poli
tics of the future than they have had in the past.
These United States will be more firmly united than
ever.
Our success in arms will, however, bring with it
new and wide responsibilities, from which will arise
many new differences of opinion. The question as to
the final disposition of the countries which we have
conquered may become a very live issii" in politics in
the near future. Speaking: for myself, personally, i
am Btrongly in favor, since this new departure has
been made in the annexation of Hawaii, of retaining
the Philippines and Porto Rico. There are many rea
sons why this seems to me to be a just and wise
course under present circumstances, now that we
have taken the initiative step in this direction.
The union of sentiment between the Northern and
Southern States which has been brought about by
boutnern Mtm snain will he of
Inestimable benefit to our
country. While we may con
tinue |to differ materially on
mapalv nnrtv la«llP<a WO eh nil
DR. G. C. PARDEE, 1
Oakland.
practically agree on aH questions concerning our na
tional position and our national honor, and that agree
ment will help to make our country stronger and
prouder and more universally respected than ever.
As to what the other effects of this war will be
upon the emintry I can only say that no positive
stateirent can at present be made concerning' this.
pies on the island of Philae are of im
mense interest to the architect and the
archaeologist. They are splendid ex
amples of the Ptolemaic temple. No
Gothic architect in his wildest mo
ments ever played so freely with his
lines and his dimensions as the forgot
ten designer of Philae, and none ever
produced anything more picturesquely
beautiful. It contains all the play of
light and shade, all the variety of
Gothic art with the massiveness and
grandeur of the Egyptian style. There
is no building out of Thebes that gives
so favorable an impression of Egyptian
art as this. It would have been a
great pity if the reservoir which is to
water Egypt had demanded such a sac
rifice. At one time it appeared in
evitable, and Sir Benjamin Baker sug
gested that the whole groundwork <>f
the temples should be raised. The c< :-t
of this would hava been $1,000,000,
which was rather too much for the
Egyptian taxpayer, who, in Sir Benja
min's words, "does not care a piastre
for the temples," except as a means
of attracting tourists to Assouan.
As to the importance of the work.
, from the engineer's point of view, Sir
\ Benjamin says:
"The colossal character of the great
; dam will be apparent when it is stated
thrst the flood discharge of a river f
mile wide and thirty feet deep, flowing
at high velocity, must pass through
the dam's sluices at the rate of 15,000
tons of water per second. 9.000.000 tons
a minute— more than ,'0,000,000 tons <<{
wat-r an hour! At tim^s the water
will be dammed back sixty-six feet
INFLUENCES OF THE WAR ON POLITICS
Matters have not yet developed sufficiently to glva
us solid ground upon which to base any specific con
clusions.
The final result will be determined by events which
will take place in the near future. I do not think
that any new party will come into being because of
the war; the old parties are strong enough and in
telligent enough to grapple with and settle all the
difficult questions which will come up for considera
tion.
Meanwhile President McKinley has met the emer
gency most ably and satisfactorily. He has done the
best that could be done under extremely trying cir
cumstances. He has faced the difficult situation
bravely and nobly, and has gained the universal re
spect of his countrymen whatever may be their po
litical beliefs and affiliations. Our nation has at
tained an eminence of which we are all loyally proud,
and it has b°en proven that in this war against bar
barous oppression "right" was surely "might."
• • *
Naturally a successful war party generally per
petuates itself; therefore if this war turns out as
well as we now hope that it
EX-MAYOR E. B. POND.
Conceding this we must, however, recognize that
there are likely to be very considerable changes in
party lines during the next few years. Those changes
will be based on changed conditions, to many of which
this war will undoubtedly give rise.
• * •
There is no room for doubt that this war in which
we have been engaged for the past few months will
I have a great and lasting ef-
THEO. REICHERT,
Ex-Surveyor General.
i ; tions largely or wholly out of
th« field, namely: Free silver, extreme State rights,
etc., and it can be said with truth that State lines,
even, seem to have bren almost obliterated by the
tremendous wave of patriotic enthusiasm which has
swept over our nation.
This wave bore down before it the opposition to
the annexation of Hawaii which was felt in time of
peace and has given the public mind an impetus in
favor of the completion of the Nicaragua canal and it
is still sweeping onward.
Already a desire has been created to see our ter
ritorial limits expand, to the extent at least of re
taining what has been so bravely won by our daring
soldiers and sailors. Already there has sprung, from
the necessity of battling in a common cause, a unifi
cation of feeling such as has not been ours for«many
years. This is not only true as regards our younger
men, but the middle-aged and old have remembered
their brotherhood and clasped hands again under their
country's Hag. Many also have been drawn back to
old affiliations who, under stress of hard times and in
the dullness and inactivity of peace, had wandered
away In other directions.
The able statesmanship of President McKinley,
which has been shown in his masterly handling of
vexed questions and his vigorous and successful pros
ecution of the war, has inspired confidence in his ad
ministration and has excited great admiration and
enthusiasm even among those who were formerly op
posed to him from a political standpoint. This change
of feeling will have its influence in the political cam
paigns of the future.
• • *
It is difficult to say what effect the war will have
upon political action in November, 1898, because it is
not ended. The terms of
ATTORNEY
THOMAS V. CATOR.
other section. In the main no one can doubt that the
war will be favorable to the Republican party. The
Republicans who favor the war will adhere closely to
their party. Those who did not favor it (if any) have
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALI,, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
above its pi essed level, and for a dis
tance of 144 miles above the dam.
•The Nile- at Assouan by no meani
fulfills the popular conception of a cit
araet. The river Is broken up by in
numerable islands — some of them of
considerable acreage , but the great
majority mere rocks, which are sub
merged in flood time — into myriad shal
low watercourses. At one or two
points the water runs deep and fast
between the islands, but for the greater
part of the width of the river th*
channels between the islands carry
only a trickle of water during the dry
Beason. It i.s upon this foundation of
Ismail Islands that the dam will be
built. So far as strength and economy
of foundation are concerned the site
leaves nothing to be desired. The rock
throughout is hard, compact syenite
or quartz diorite, and the section of the
river is so wide and shallow that the
foundations of the larger part of the
darn can be put in dry. The under
sluices will be built upon reefs pro
jecting over the water surface both
in summer and winter, so that the
foundations will be open to annual
inspection — a most important advan
tage, wht-n so many Interests d< : ■ nd
upon the stability and «ndurnnoe of the
work. It will be a splendid thing to
look at — stretching a mile and a quar
ter from shore to shore, of compact
granite, a huge macs seventy feet high
at its lowest point, and its crest 320
feet above the lowest water level of
the river below the cataract.
"A carriage road, thirty to forty fpet
wide, will be driven across it from the
will that fact will have a di
rect tendency toward the
perpetuation of the present
administration.
feet upon the politics of the
United States. It has taken
some of the old party ques-
peace to be made may make
a difference. Terms of peace
may be popular in some sec
tion and not popular in an-
WILL
WILL
transform ■
COMMERCIAL
and
AGRICUL
- TURAL
TUKAL
life m
EGYPT.
east to the west. banks of the NHe; and |
on its western side will stretch a chain
of locks, leading from the upper to the
Slower river.. The locks will be 150 feet
long, each capable therefore of taking
a good' sized steamer,, and will be of
an average height", of fifty .feet. The j
archipelago of. islands' will disappear, !
the tops of the hills in the larger is- '■
lands will Just' appear above its surface, >
and the temples of Phllae will rise out
of a wide placid lake instead of ap- ;
pearing ns now, when tourists- visit it
at low Nile, "insignificant and in a
hollow." . ,' ■ ' . _:■;->--• -'i^ "./.-'
• To the Egyptian administrator the |
chief concern is in the money value of
the new dam to the -country, and In
this respect it makes a most favorable
showing. In a land which, in Sir
Gardner Wilkinson's phrase, "positive
ly screams for water," Its worth can
scarcely be overestimated. With its
supplementary dams and barrages at
Assiout and near Koshesheh. it will in
crease the present cultivated area of
Egypt by COO.OOO. acres and bring under
constant cultivation the whole of that
proportion of the .5,000.000 acres in
Egypt which is now under yearly ir
rigation only. The supply .of water
needed for this purpose, according to
\h\ Willeook's 'calculation, is 3,610,000.:
000 of cubic centimeters. -flowing at a
maximum rate of; 630 meters a second
over the whole line of district affected.
The monetary advantages of the
scheme may be expressed -by. saying
that the direct annual return to the
state will be $4,250,000;-; that the in
creased. value of land in Egypt will be
■» « . A **. n a *». n a ** n n .*» 'i nn n n
no reason to vote for Democrats on that account.
If the Democrats could agree upon any issue grow
ing out of the war and thus oppose any Republican
policy they would probably gladly make an issue in
order to avoid thr issue of 16 to 1, which they desire
to abandon, and which they no longer discuss as an
issue. The Democrats cannot agree upon any new
war issue, but divide on it. just as they do on free
silver, tariff and other issues. The Republicans are
therefore bound to gain by the war.
-^— * , • •
It is difficult to prophesy as to the effect of the
Spanish-American war upon politics. State and na
_T : . tional. Undoubtedly the ten-
dency will be to solidify the
Republican party and give
its principles and policies
fresh impetus. This effect, I
EX-MAYOR
L. R. ELLERT.
think, will be produced by a general disposition to
sustain President McKinley in anything he may do,
not only in settling the problems \. hich are certain
to grow out of the war, but in generally restoring
national affairs to a normal condition.
I think too much praise cannot be accorded to the
President fur the manner in which he has managed
this difficulty. His policy has been strong, intelligent,
vigorous, prompt and eminently statesmanlike. He
has shown himself to be a safe counselor and a sa
gacious guide. If the American people do not ap
preciate him and support the political party which
has placed him in power it will be strange indeed.
So I think the Republican party throughout the
country, in a national sense, will be greatly strength
ened by the events of the war. What effect this ten
dency will have upon local politics it is difficult to
determine. Probably, all things being equal, the Re
publicans will feel the effect of the public: approval
of the conduct of the war by President McKinley and
a Republican Congress.
I should say that if the Republicans nominate
strong candidates for Congress everywhere, that is,
men in whom the people have confidence, and declare
strongly in favor of the new policy which has been
formulated by the President and his Cabinet and
which they are bound tp carry out, they will easily
carry all the doubtful States of the Union and per
haps some of those which are Democratic.
* * *
There are a few things I do not believe and a few
things I do believe.
I do not believe that the
American people, now united
in heart as well as in name,
favor treason to their con
stitution and their Union.
ATTORNEY
H. E HIGHTON.
I do believe that the Declaration of Independence
and the constitution are the charter of this Govern
ment and the political gospel of humanity.
I do not believe that our institutions, as interpreted
and applied since 1776, either legally or in policy, can
maintain their present rel -.tions to our own citizens
and to the human race if we acquire and hold alien
dependencies and especially if we undertake to govern
Asiatic populations.
I do believe that imperial conquest and colonization
are the especial work of the British Government, ana
that our mission is the permanent establishment of a
republic, held together for all legitimate national pur
poses, but composed of autonomous parts, each con
trolled by free citizens, of the best blood of the best
races, of the highest intelligence and of systematic
education.
I do not believe that these connected but distinct
functions in the development of civilized man can be
blended without injury to both and destruction to the
United States, which might survive as an empire,
but would cease to be a republic.
I do believe that the adjustment of Internal con
ditions on this continent, the development of citizen
ship to correspondence with our form of government
and, the application of American principles to our
commercial, financial, intellectual and humanitarian
relations with the remainder of the world will de
mand all our energy during the twentieth century.
I do not believe that manifest destiny means the
$230,990,000; that the increase to annual
produce will be $83,060,000, and to an
nual rent $26,950,000. These estimates
leave out of account the increased
value of land and crops owing to in
creased facilities of navigation. Sir
Benjamin Baker's view is expressed
In the words: "The profit resultant
from the works it is difficult to over
estimate, as the value of the crops will
be increased about $30 per acre per^an
num over the whole area affected."
This in brief gives a bird's eye view,
of the great scheme which is to give
new birth to Egypt. Its cost alto
gether will not be far short of $25,000,
000,
THE WONDERFUL TREE OF TEN THOUSAND IMAGES.
Two Jesuit missionaries. Hue andGabet. in relating the marvelous sights they saw in Thibet, describe this tree
in detail, for they carefully examined it under the belief that fraud was being practiced by the Lamas, but they
failed to discover thcleast deception. Each leaf of this wonderful tree bears well-formed Thibetan characters; the
bark of the tree and its branehos are also covered with these stranpe characters. When the characters are cut into
new ones "the proo-ss of germination" can be traced beneath. We examined everything- with the closest attention,
in order to detect some signs of trickery, but we could discern nothing of that sort, and the perspiration absolutely
trickkd down our faces Under th* influence of the sensations which this must amazing spectacle created.
extension of our influence over inferior races by force
of arms, but that such a proposition is a treasonable
solecism. ♦
I do believe that manifest destiny means the na
tural and gradual extension of our system as races
and communities are prepared to receive it.
Having the faith expressed in these sentences and
an abiding confidence in my countrymen I further be
lieve that in national' politics the result of the war
may and probably will be to elevate parties once more
to the dignity of ranging themselves upon definite
issues, appealing to thought and to intelligent patriot
ism and resting upon principle and not upon the
spoils of office, and that the issue of American re
publicanism against British imperialism may and
ought to predominate.
* • •
It is impossible to answer a constitutional ques
tion such as this is in an off-hand manner. To even
" : attempt to do so would re-
EX-SENATOR
CHARLES N. FELTON.
grave and earnest consideration of our people and
their legislators.
The apparent effect of the war at the present time,
which we must needs estimate from our present stand
point surrounded by present conditions, may not prove
to be the true effect which A'e shall be made to realize
in the future.
The termination of hostilities and the necessary
adaptation of our country to new conditions will un
doubtedly bring up many questions which will re
quire the most earnest and circumspect thought of
our best statesmen. That those statesmen will be
able to cope with the emergencies of the hour when
the hour arrives we need not doubt.
Whatever may be the outcome of the uncertainties
of the moment we may be assured that our country
will maintain in the future the proud position which
she has rightfully held in the past among the nations
of the earth.
• • •
The effect of war upon the Democratic party in
the past was to weaken its influence to such a degree
as to make it for many years
ATTORNEY
EUGENE DEUPREY.
have so serious an effect upon politics at large, and
that as far as the State of California is concerned
Democratic interests will suffer little if at all through
present conditions and the future conditions which
are to grow out of them.
I have never understood the reason which has
guided the suffrage of the people either of the State
or the nation as regards the sentiment against the
Democratic party. My own ideas are that the dem
ocracy of the nation have been those who have always
upon all occasions rushed to the support of the flag
of the nation.
In the present trouble between Spain and the United
States we have se-en that the men from the Southern
part of the country where the Democratic party is so
noticeably in the majority have been among the first
to come to the front and are second to none in their
ardent desire and determination to maintain the honor
of our republic at the expense of life itself.
What the effect of this war may be in the State of
California I would not for one moment attempt to
prophesy. There is nevertheless a very positive view
on my part that the Democracy of the State may win
in the forthcoming election. As to what the effect
of the war may be upon the political sentiment in the
city and county of San Francisco I can only say that
it is beyond my ken. No man can, under any circum
stances, estimate weeks or months ahead of the time
what may be the public feeling on any subject.
Given time sufficient for the publication of numer
ous newspaper articles and for the hearing of more or
less eloquent platform orators by those who are open
to convlncement by such means and it is Impossible
to tell in what direction the tide cf public opinion may
WONDERFUL TREE OF
TEN THOUSAND IMAGES
OF all the wonderful sights re
ported by the Jesuit mission
aries, Hue and Gobet, during
their explorations of Thibet, by
far the strangest is what they
have to say of the Tree of Ten
Thousand Images. They had heard
suit in absolute failure and
would serve no purpose what
ever. Tile subject is one
which will command the
a decidedly minor power in
our national politics. I have,
however, the idea that this
present war will by no means
about this wonderful tree long before
they reached the locality of Its growth,
and as they approached the spot their
curiosity regarding it increased a thou
sand fold.
Here is their narrative of the result
of their examination of the tree:
"It will here be naturally expected
that we say something about this tree
itself. Does it exist? Have we seen
it? Has it any peculiar attributes?
What about its marvelous leaves?
"Yes, this tree does exist. At the
foot of the mountain on which the
Lamasery stands, and not far from the
principal Buddhist temple, is a great
square inclosure, formed by brick
walls. Upon entering this we were
able to examine at leisure the marvel
ous tree, some of the branches of which
had already manifested themselves
above the wall.
"Our eyes were first directed with
earnest curiosity to the leaves, and we
were fWled with an absolute conster
nation of astonishment at finding that^
in point of fact, there were upon each
of the leaves well formed Thibetan
characters, all of a green color some
darker, some lighter, than the leaf it
self Our first impression was a sus
picion of fraud on the part of the La
mas- but, after a minute examination
of every detail, we could not discover
the least deception. The characters
all appeared to us portions of the leaf
Itself equally with its veins and
nerves- the position was not the same
in all; in one leaf they would be at the
top of the leaf; in another, in the mid
dle- in a third, at the base, or at the
side- the younger leaves represented
the characters only in a partial state of
formation. , ..
"The bark of tho tree and Its
branches, which resemble that of the
plane tree, are also covered with these
characters. When you remove a piece
of the old bark the young bark under
it exhibits the indistinct outlines of
characters in a germinating state, and,
what is very singular, these new char
acters are not unfrequently different
! from those which they replace. We ex-
I aminc-'l everything with the closest at
tention, in order to detect some traces
of trickery, but we could discern noth
ing of the sort."
The missionaries. Hue and Gobet,
might have remained in Thibet as long
as they wished had it not been for the
interference of the Chinese Embassador
there. For some reason this individual
took a dislike to them and ultimuuly
caused them to depart. The Lamas
were willing that they should remain,
but it appeared to the missionaries that
ttu'ir presence might cause disturbance,
so they quickly withdrew, taking with
thf-m some of the first facts ever gath?
ered in that mysterious land.
flow. The changes of reasoning on the part of the
public are so vacillating and so frequent that no one
can foretell twenty-four hours in advance of the
positive settlement of a civic question what that set
tlement is to be.
* • •
It is thought by some who claim to have studied
the matter seriously that one effect of this war will
be the successful organiza
tion t a new party — or per
haps new parties — which will
be better adapted to deal
with new conditions than the
ANDREW J. CLUNIE,
Insurance Commissioner.
two which have directed the destinies of the nation
for so many years.
This idea seems to me erroneous in the extreme,
since I firmly believe that ..he old parties will be fully
competent to handle the questions which will una
voidably grow out of conquest satisfactorily and well.
One thing at least in this time of uncertainty is
certain, and that is that this war has given to the
North and South a union of feeling such as years of
peaceful existence side by side could never have
brought into being. Hereafter sectional distinctions
and dissensions will be overlooked in the broader view
which all our citizens, irrespective of party and local
ity, will take of national affairs.
When the United States of America called upon
her sons to support her convictions, uphold her flag,
and fight her battles, those sons came hurrying from
East and West and North ana South, and joined hands
and hearts in the name of their common and well
beloved country-
This Union, cemented in the presence of a foreign
foe, will be enduring and henceforward the thought
of North and South will be eliminated from the field
of politics. Each party will formulate plans which it
feels convinced will, if carried out, work for the best
good of the country as a whole; local prejudices and
jealousies will be entirely eliminated, and the best
good of the greatest number will be the real point at
issue in our differences of opinion.
Recognizing the truth " all this I can say with
conviction that the effect of the war on the country
will be to add dignity to th^. Stars and Stripes and
gain for our flag a degree of respect which shall make
it more revered than ever before by out own people
and raise it to even a prouder place than it has held
heretofore in the assemblage of nations.
• • *
It is impossible to say at tl.is time what the future
rmv brine us. In times like these events fo.llow each
other with such rapidity that
even the most far-seeing per
son cannot form any clear
opinion as to what may occur
or what may be the state of
SENATOR
GEORGE C. PfcRKtNS.
public feeling even a few months hence.
This present war has most certainly -'■ ?ady in
fluenced us not oniy as a nation but as individuals.
"While it has brought us closer together in one way
it has given rise to questions about which the opinions
of even those most loyally anxious to uphold the dig
nity of our country and advance our national pros
perity are sharply divided.
It is a good business rule to deal with circum
stances as they present themselves for consideration
and not indulge too much ir. speculation as to proba
bilities and possibilities which may never become re
alities. It is our duty as loyal citizens to keep informed
concerning all occurrences which may have any bear
ing upon our national welfare in order that we may
be able to act intelligently and decisively when action
becomes necessary.
• • •
There is no possibility of answering such a ques
tion at the present time. To even attempt to do so
would only lead one into a
field of Idle and profitless
speculation.
The pinion of to-day may
be radically changed by the
CONGRhSSMAN
S. G. HILBORN,
Oakland.
event of to-morrow. .'lme alone will answer such
queries for us fully and satisfactorily.■:-- ; *:. ■'
BANNER IN WHICH THE STONES WERE CARRIED TO BUILD THE
: ■•" TEMPLES.
According to the Hawaiian legends collected by Father Da mien and others
the Stones used in building these temples were brought from very great dis
: . ■ tances. In those days the population of natives was so large that the chiefs
.. •'. ' . : arranged their men in long lines across the island and the big stones were
■ passed from one to the other till they reached the site of the temple, where
• Vio :irtic:ins nut them in Dosltion.
IS WAR BECOMING
MORE MERCIFUL?
Figures Which Shew That More Men Were Killed in Ba'tle in
O.den Times and the Percentage of Dead Was Greater
Than in Modern Engagements.
SIX hundred shots a minute!"
What a frightful slaughter must
accompany the use of these terri
ble weapons, capable of throwing
. such a relentless hail of death
dea'.ing projectiles! How destructive
of life a modern battle must prove!
Such is the opinion one hears con-
Btantly expressed in these days of
Maxims and dynamite guns; yet sur
prising as it may seem, an investigation
Into the facts, coming down to the bed
rock of rigures and statistics, reveals
an entirely different state of affairs
from that usually imagined. Not only
were there more men actually killed in
the bati Iden times, but also the
tage of dead was often far great
er than in modern engagements. For
instance, compare the battle of Mara
thon, which was fought in the year 391
j ■:. i ". and is one of the earliest of which
there exists any authentic record, with
that of Ha-Shan in the Chino-Japane.se
war of 1894.
In the former conflict out of a total
of some 70,000 troops engaged, nearly
7000 were left lying on the field, while
• latter only 750 dead were count
ed, though the opposing forces amount
more than 23,000 men; a dispar
,it seems incomprehensible when
■ member that throughout the war
Japanese were provided with all
the latest types of guns and ammuni
tion. Some of the battles of ancient
times showed a proportion of dead or
disabled that cannot be accounted for
unless we accept the view that the wars
of those days were waged in the spirit
of a policy of extermination pure and
: NEW HORSELESS CARRIAGES. COMMON SIGHTS NOW IN LONDON AND PARIS.
simple, in the belief that success w#s
not assured until every enemy had been
killed, or captured, with a view to sub
sequent torture and execution.
Three memorable battles took place
in France shortly after the advent of
the Christian era, and the story of
each of them Is fraught with Intense
interest as marking the succi 3Sive
downfalls of three powerful races that
strove in turn to obtain a mastery over
Central and Western Europe; every
one was a bloody butchery. At Deth
mold, A. D. 9, IG.OOO Roman troops un
der Varus, with some 25,000 camp fol
lowers, were skillfully surrounded and
cut to pieces by a large force of Teu
tons under Arminius, not one of the
unfortunate descendants <>f Romulus,
it is believed, escaping to tell the tale.
Four centuries later, at Chalons, Attila,
at the head of his villainous multitude
of rapacious Huns, met the allied
forces of Romans, Franks and Goths,
three hundred thousand strong. At
tics strength waa estimated at fully
700,000. The night before the great con
fllct a "skirmish" took place between
outlying pickets in which over 15.000
troop* were killed, but the following
evening the plain was strewn with the
corpses of the slain t-> the number of
close on a quarter of a million!
Attila's vast assembly of freebooters
fled like chaff before the wind when
they met the well-disciplined legions of
Rome, but the cost of victory was great
and its immediate value but little ap
preciated at the time. It is worthy of
notice that the number of the slain in
this single conflict was far in excess of
the total of those killed in battle dur
ing the entire Civil War of 1861-65,
though it has been computed that at
least five million men carried arms in
the course of the struggle between the
North ond the South.
The third of the epoch-making con
vas fought at Tours, in the year
732, and resulted in the driving back of
the Moors across the Pyrenees, which
they had crossed, under the leadership
of Abderrahman, with the intention
by "tie bold stroke of conquering
Frankland and crushing the rising faith
of Christianity that was striding rapid
ly through Wesu n Europe. At the
head of 400,000 Arab troops Abderrah
man arrived at Tours witnout encoun
tering the slightest opposition, and pro
ceeded to encamp at a little distance
fr'>m the ancient Roman city. The
thoroughly alarmed Christians had
meanwhile assembled und - the banner
THE HAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
of Charles, afterward Martel, and
with only 30,000 followers the cham
pion of t 'hristendom aetermined to Kive
battle to the The cause of the
cross pn vailed against the almost
overwhelming numbers of the heathen,
and t hi- victor;' was accompanied by
the inevitable wholesale destruction of
the vanquished.
Instances of the enormous lists of
casualties in 'ne battles of the early
centuries could b> multiplied without
difficulty, but sufficient has been said
to show thai for every man killed in a
modern fitrht hundreds and even
thousands pal the penalty in the
mighty han<l-t' -hand strußg-ea of an
cient days, when primitive spears and
arrows took the pla"f of the mathe
matically precise weapons of to-day.
An Interesting tabls can be made
showing the percentages of slain in a
number of the most important battles
of history:
TAHI.K OF PERCENTAGES.
Date. Troops per
B. C. Battle. Engaged, .^laln. Cent.
4:»n. Marathon :■ 8,600 9 5
331. Arbela 500,000 300,000 60
A. D.
9. Dethmuld 150.000 .'O,OOO 33
461. Chalons 1,000.000 25'i.0f10 25
732. Tours 450,000 3;.'.,C»i0 S3*
1066. Hustings SKi.qpO 76,000 26.5
1346. Cressy 140,000 35,000 25
Hi."-. Aglncourt R.OOO 11,600 18 7
1513. Fknlden Field... 64,000 15.000 23 4
1704. Hlriiheim 116.000 -17,000 18
ISO". FriMlund 250.000 9.000 3 6
lsif,. Watf-rl 140,000 15,000 10 7
1863. G>-ttysl>urg 160,000 5,662 ]■,
1862. Antletam 130,000 3.U94 3
18S4. Ping YaiiK 60,000 6,000 10
1894. Port Arthur 36,01)0 800 2 2
IMS. Atbara 49,000 3,100 6.3
1898. Manila Hay 5,000 78 1.6
•Information doubtful.
The last name on the list brings up
THE SACRIFICE.
thoughts of the great victory in which
the illustrious Nelson played such a
memorable part. At Trafalgar, in ISOS,
a British fleet of 33 ships of the line
and 4 frigates (the armored cruisers of
modern fleets), engaged a combined
French and Spanish battle array of
40 ships and 5 frigates, and of the con
flict which ensued M. Thiers has said
that '"such a scene of horror at sea had
never been witnessed in the memory of
man."
A single broadside from the Tem
eraire, a British ship, swept 200 men
from the decks of the Redoubtable and
hurled them into eternity. This par
ticular French ship numbered 572 dead
in a crew of 680 officers and men, only
eight officers escaping of the forty on
board. At the close of the terrible
struggle 17 French and Spanish ships
had been captured and one blown up,
and between killed, wounded, drowned
and prisoners the losses of the allies
amounted to nearly 7000 men; on the
English ships 1687 Jack Tars had sur
rendered their lives. How ludicrous
seems the vaunted destructiveness of
the modern engines of war, when four
teen Spanish ships, in their own harbor
and backed up by strong shore bat
teries, could not make the slightest im
pression on the gallant Dewey's six
large vessels nor even l.ill a single
man! And the recently published re
sults show that the awful destruction
that was done among the boats of the
Dons was accompanied by the death
of but 78 of the sailors and marines
that manned them.
HORSELESS CARRIAGES
ARE CLEARING THE WAY
THE horseless carriage is at last
declared to be a success. :
It Is true that this vehicle is
hardly likely to ever come Into
general use in San Francisco on
account of the hills,. but in most of the
big cities of the world the horse is
destined to - soon become a curiosity,
perhaps only to 'be seen in menageries
and museums. The clatter of hoofs
over cobbles and asphalt \is about ' to
give place to the whiz of the electric
motor, the puff of the: gasoline engine
and the soft rattle of the coal oil loco
motive. And the general verdict of
thinking men is that it is well.
For the. last ten years horseless , car
riages have merely been In the experi
mental stage. In a number, of cities
they : have been put on the streets \to
replace cabs, but people have looked
upon them as curiosities and the pa
tronage 1 ha« not .been what .was ex
pected. A number of wealthy men have
bought them for ; their y own use or
amusement, but heretofore the number,
of horses displaced has hardly been
worth counting. Now all is changed. 7
. The principal work at developing the
horseless carriage : has been done In
Paris and London. Most of the machines
on New York's streets were 'of foreign
make, although 9. number of native ones
. . ....
ANCIENT TEMPLES THAT UNCLE SAM
HAS ANNEXED WITH HAWAII.
So Highly Are the Ruins Esteemed by the Natives That Money Was
Set Aside for Their Preservation and Now the Islanders
Want to Know What Is to Become of Them,
UNCLE SAM came Into posses
sion of some wonderful ancient
heathen temples when he an
nexed Hawaii, and curious tour
ists and scientists are begin
ning to ask what he is going to do with
them. Native Hawaiians regard them
as something much more than histori
cal landmarks, something to link the
past with the present, and for years
the native kingdom has appropriated
money for their careful preservation.
Father Damien, the leper priest of
Molokai, made a careful study of sev
eral of these interesting temples and
gathered a great deal of material con
cerning their history.
The following is one of the legends
obtained and written by him con
cerning the Heiau in the Mapulahu
Gulch on that island. He obtained it
from one of the oldest natives on the
island:
A company of spirits who
brought over the stones of
this Heiau from Wailau, a
gulch on the other side of the
island. Each spirit got only
one stone to build this im
mense Heiau. The name of
the company of spirits was
"Kamenehuni."
Whatever the legend may be there is
ample evidence to prove where the
stones came from which went to form
this building. It is said that they were
passed over the mountain from the
other side of the island by natives
standing in a row about six feet apart
and handing them from one to the
other.
As the structure is 400 feet long and
200 feet broad with an average height
of 10 feet some idea may be formed of
the enormous population that must
have existed upon Molokal at that pel
riod. It took nearly 30,000 cubic yards
of material to build this temple.
At present the inhabitants of the
Hawaiian Islands are Christians, but
they still have a certain reverence for
held their own with them. There were
only a few in use, but they competed
successfully with the cabs and received
a fair amount of patronage. It is as
serted that this would have been more
if the horseless carriages were more
plentiful. As it was they attracted so
much curious attention many people
disliked them. Were they in general
use this objection would be removed.
And they are going to be in general
use, In Paris at least, within the next
few months, or as fast as the machines
can be built, for the big cab company
over there has decided to adopt them
entirely.
The few that have been in operation
In Paris during the last three years
demonstrated to the cabmen that they
could be made more profitable than
horses If certain improvements were
made. But how to pet the improve
ments was another matter that was at
last overcome by offering large prizes
to builders of the vehicle In order to
stimulate them to greater efforts.
This plan has borne good fruit, for
last year a number of big Improve
ments showed up. Again the cabmen
offered prizes and the "exhibition" has
Just closed, the result being a number
of carriages that answered all require
ments and stood all tests. The Judges
pronounced at least a dozen to be "per
fect," but have not yet decided as to
these old temples and look upon them
as the great connecting link between
the past and the present. The first
mention in civilized records of these
buildings appears to have been about
1819. Travelers and missionaries were
beginning to enter the country and the
most striking objects were naturally
the immense piles of stone, totally dif
ferent from any other buildings in the
world.
At this time Kamehameha I had suc
ceeded in conquering and subduing the
natives of the adjoining islands and
their chiefs had been compelled to ac
knowledge his supreme authority as
king, and these people, for the first time
in their history, were to be united un
der one government.
It took nearly forty years to accom
plish this unity, but Kamehameha was
a man of iron and well deserves the
name he bears in Hawaiian history,
"the conqueror.'
During these years of conquest and
bloodshed a great change was coming
over these most interesting people, and
the last acts of heathenism, accom
panied by horrible human sacrifices
and other abominable customs, were
passing away.
Some doubt formerly existed as to
whether cannibalism ever prevailed in
the Hawaiian group or -was practiced at
any time. The natives themselves al
ways manifested a degree of shame,
ho-rror and confusion when spoken to
upon the subject, and this led the
great navigator. Captain Cook, and his
officers, without any direct evidence, to
believe in its existence, but later voy-
ANCIENT TEMPLE OF ILIILIOPOI IN T^E M£PULAh|U VALLEY
ISLAND Of MOLO^AI.
This Is one of the oldest temples on the island; just how many centuries
agro it was built archaeologists have not yet determined. Like the other tem
ples, the legend declares that this one was built by each native carrying a
stone across the Island. Father Damlen made a careful study of this temple
and left considerable memoranda regarding it.
LAST HEATHEN TEMPLE BUILT IN HAWAII.
It was erected shortly before the advent of Christianity on the island and
marks the place where the last human sacrifice was offered up to the gods.
The cross indicates the position of the sacrificial stone where £he victims
were killed. This was in 1791, after Kamehameha I had subjugated the last
of the opposing chiefs. Keona, a petty king and one of his own relatives.
is said to have been among the victims offered up to placate Kaili, the god of
war.
agers disputed this conclusion. Their
own historians, however, and the gen
eral acknowledgment of the people
have fairly established the custom be
yond a doubt, though it appears to haye
somewhat abated previous to Cook's
visit, and had gradually decreased un
til scarcely a vestige of any of the hor
rible custom remained. There can be
no doubt this humanizing improvement,
so different from their other habits,
was the result of the example and in
struction received from the earliest
white visitors, as well as a self-convic
tion of its own abomination. A strong
public sentiment of disgust in regard to
it prevailed at that time, and it was
highly creditable to them as a nation
and distinguished them from their more
savage contemporaries of the other
groups of the Pacific.
It was in this state of transition that
the early settlers found these islanders,
which one is the very best But the
cab company has decided to adoj t
them, feeling sure of success on account
of the perfection of so many.
The cabmen who have encouraged
this work have formed themselves into
an organization known as the auto
mobile club.
At the exhibition that has just closed
twenty-six vehicles were put through
the tests despite the severity of the
programme, which. made obligatory a
daily run of thirty-six miles, at a mini
mum, within a period of sixteen hours.
The vehicles admitted to the compe
tition figured in the following six cate
gories:* " _ ; . ; ,■'
' ; 1. ■'. (a) Closed : carriages , for two per
sons, (b) ; Open , carriages, with hood,
for two ; persons, (c) Mixed carriages
for two persons, capable ■of being in
stantaneously closed or opened. :
2. (a) Carriages for four persons, with
space \ for r" baggage, sixty-five pounds
to each person, (b) Open carriages,
with hood, . for four persons.
3. Closed carriages ' for six person*,
with space, for - baggage, slxty-fl'e
pounds to ; each person.
- The vehicle had to be so constructed
that i all «ie passengers should be com
fortably installed f therein, . and had ■ : to
be provided with an odometer or a kilo
metric , counter with two brakes, one
progressive and the other instantane
ous. ' Out (of ; the twenty-six vehicles
booked sixteen were electric and ten
gasoline, i
The : first . of June was devoted to an
examination :of the conditions of estab
lishment and of the system and run
ning of the : vehicles. From ' June 2> to
June 10 the carriages had to make nine
specific Itineraries, the same for all. On
the 11th the experiments of the . first of
and it was but the work of a very few
years to tear down the last barriers of
heathenism.
Of those times there still remain in
perfect preservation, as relics of the
horrible past, the stc-ne temples or
"Heiaus," which bring to mind the aw
ful state of things existing a century
ago.
Of the most interesting of these hea
thenish buildings, one is on the island
of Molokal. It was built some centuries
ago and is considered one of the oldest
temples in the Hawaiian group. The
other one is on the west or Kona coast
of Hawaii, is the last one ever built,
being erected a little over a hundred
years ago.
In 1791 Kamehameha I, during hia
wars of subjugation, to show his vener
ation of the god?. 4 and to secure a con
tinuance of their iavor and strengthen
his kingdom, engaged in building a
very large temple at Kawaihae for the
worship of Kaili, the god of war. and
for offering human and other sacrifices.
It was built on a hill and called Puuha
koToa. While, he was engaged in erect
ing this temple, which wa# consecrated
■with human blood, some^of his warriors
were conquering the southern part of
Hawaii, where his own relative, Keona,
was then King. r Keona soon after
ward became disheartened and sur
rendered himself and his warriors in the
hope of receiving life and mercy. He,
however, with many of his lesser chiefs
and men, were slain and their bodiea
sacrificed on the altar of the new ter
n was the last human sacrifice
ever made on the Hawaiian Islands.
The victims were executed in the pres
ence of Kamehameha himself, who
stood at the door of the house within a
stone inclosure to witness this slaugh
ter.
There are a few other Heiaus still in
excellent preservation, one of which is
near Kohala, on Hawaii, and another
at Kealekakoa Bay, which is said to
have been used by Captain Cook to re
pair his sails, and by whom the sandal
wood altar had been removed. It was
from this temple that Kalaniopuu, then
King, took the three-headed god, "L.o
no," off to Captain Cook' 3 vessel, the
Discovery. Whether these monuments
of the past ages will be kept in preserve
by Uncle Sam, now that we have pos
session of the islands, remains to be
proved.
CAPTAIN C. E. G. JACKSON.
June were repeated, in order to ascer
tain the disturbances that had been in
troduced into the running of the ve
hicles by a service of nine consecutive
days. On the 12th, the day of the grand
prize, the carriages went to Versailles,
a distance of about twelve miles, and
returned through the Bols de Boulogne,
In order to figure in the classic return
of this very Parisian solemnity.
In the nine Itineraries commissioner*
accompanied each vehicle and carefully
noted upon a service sheet all the inci
dents of the daily trip, the real speed
upon a level and upon certain knowa
gradients, etc.
The Jury consisted of twelve mem
bers, six selected from members of th*
club and six selected by the competi
tors. The report of this jury has, up
to the present, not been made known.
In London the tendency of the horse*
less carriage seems to be in the direc
tion of large vehicles to replace the om
nibuses. The cabmen who were at the
exhibition and tests in Paris have ex
pressed themselves as delighted with
the machine and have decided to adopt
it in some modified form.
There are to be steam omnibuses,
motor omnibuses and "petrol" cabs.
As regards the first, the steam is creat
ed by a slow combustion stove, which
consumes only a very small quantity
of coke or petroleum. These omnibuses
j are of 20 horsepower, to be increased
presently to 30 horsepower. One vehi
cle will, it 1b asr erted, carry twenty
! eight passengers, and, where necessary,
j is capable of being fastened to another
omnibus of equal capacity. The cost
I per passenger is Btated to amount to
I one-tenth of a cent per mile; speed
I from eight to ten miles an hour, to be
1 Increased to fifteen miles an hour.
2324
The Desborough Connections
Copyrighted, IS9S. by Bret^Harte.
PART I.
THEN it isn't a question of property or next of kin?"
said the Consul.
"Lord! no!" said the lady, vivaciously. "Why,
goodness? me! I reckon old Desborough could at any
time before he died have bought up and bought out
the whole lot of his relatives on this side of the big- pond
so matter what they were worth. No — it's only a matter
»{ curiosity and just soeiableness."
The American Consul at St. Kentigorn felt much re
lieved. He had feared it was only the old story of delusive
quests for imaginary estates and impossible Inheritances
rnich he had confronted so often in nervous, wan-eyed en-
thuslasts and obstreperous claimants from his own land.
Certainly there was no suggestion of this In the richly
dressed and bediamoned matron before him, nor in her
pretty daughter, charming in a Paris frock, alive with the
consciousness of beauty and admiration, and yet a little
ennuye from gratified indulgence. He knew the mother to
be the wealthy widow of a New York millionaire, that she
■was traveling for plesaure in Europe, and a chance meet-
Ing with her at dinner a few nights before had led to this
half capricious, half confidential appointment at the con
sulate.
"No," continued Mrs. Desborough, "Mr. Desborough
came to America when a small boy with an uncle who
died some years ago. Mr. Desborough never seemed to
hanker much after his English relatives as long as I knew
him, but now that I ana Sadie are over here why we
guessed we might look 'em up and sort of sample 'em.
Desborough's rather a good name," added the lady, with a
complacency that, / however, had a suggestion of- query
in It.
"Yes," said the Consul; "from the French, I fancy."
"Mr. Desborough was English— very English," " cor
rected the lady.
"I mean it may be an old Norman name." said the
Consul.
"Norman's good enough for me," said the daughter,
reflecting. "We'll just settle it as Norman. I never
thought about that Des."
"Only you may find It called 'Debborough' here, and
spelt so," said the Consul, smiling.
Miss Desborough lifted her pretty shoulders and made
a charming grimace. "Then we won't acknowledge 'em.
Xso Debborough for me!"
"You might put an advertisement In the papers, like
the 'next of kin' notice, Intimating. In the regular way,
that they would 'hear of something to their advantage' —
as they certainly continued the Consul, with a
bow. "It would be such a refreshing change to the kind of
thing I'm accustomed to, don't you know!— this idea of one
of my countrywomen cpming over just to benefit English
relatives! By Jove! I wouldn't mind undertaking the
whole thing for you— it's such a novelty." He was quite
carried away with the idea.
But the two ladies were far from participating in this
Joyous outlook. "No," said Mrs. Desborough, promptly,
"that wouldn't do. You see," she went on with superb
frankness, "that would be just giving ourselves away, and
saying who we were before we found out what they were
like. Mr. Desborough was all right in h:s way, but we
don't know anything about his folks! We ain't here on a
mission to improve the Desboroughs, nor to gather in any
'lost tribes.' >r . .
It was evident that in spite of the humor of the situa
tion and the levity of the ladies there was a characteris
tic national practicalness about them, and the Consul,
with a sigh, at last gave the address of one or two respon
sible experts In genealogical inquiry, as he nad aften done
before. He felt it was impossible to offer any advice to
ladles as thoroughly capable of managing their own af
fairs as his fair countrywomen, yet he was not without
some curiosity to know the result of their practical senti
mental quest. That he should ever hear of them again he
doubted. He knew that after the first loneliness had worn
off in their gregarious gathering at a London hotel they
were not likely to consort with their own country people,
who. Indeed, were apt to fight shy of each other, or even
.ndulge in invidious criticism of one another when admit
ted to that society in which they were all equally strang
ers. So he took leave of them on their way back to Lon
don with the belief that their acquaintance terminated
with that brief incident. But he was mistaken. ■
In the year following he was spending his autumn vaca
tion at a country house. It was a historic house, and had
always struck him as being— even in that county of his- i
toric seats— a singular example of the vicissitudes of En
glish manorial estates and the mutations or its lords. ' His
host In his prime had been recalled from foreign service
to unexpectedly succeed to an uncle's title and estate.
That estate, however, had come into the possession of the
uncle only through his marriage with the daughter of an
older family whose portraits still looked down from the
walls upon the youngest and alien branch. There were
likenesses, effigies, memorials, and reminiscences of still
older families who had occupied it through forfeiture by
war or the favoritism of kings, and in its stately cloisters
and ruined chapel was still felt the dead hand of Its evict
ed religious founders which could not be shaken off
It was this strange individuality that affected all who
saw It. *or. however changed were those within its walls
whoever were its inheritors or inhibitors, Scrooby priory
never changed or altered its own character. However in
congruous or ill-assorted the portraits that looked from its
Sw« thrill met that they might have flown at each
r»ther s throat? in the long nights when the family were
Z. Zr . »[eat house itself was independent of them all.
.he bewigsred, belaced and befurbelowed of one day's gath-
E T l « n $■* he «>a£<i-headea. steel-fronted and prim-ker
chiefed congregation of another day. and even the black-
Snt t^ bare "^ ed ai V? bare-shouldered assemblage of to
day had no effect on the austerities of the priory. 6 Modern
houses might show the tastes and Prepossessions of the™
dwellers, might have caught some passing trick of th?
hour, or have recorded the augmented fortunes or lux
uriousness of the owner, but Bcrooby priory never' No
ane had dared even to disturb its outer nVI intelmy- the
breaches of time and siege were left untouched It 'held
Its calm, indifferent sway over all who passed its low
arched portals, and the Consul was fain to P he live that he
present owner? rr ~ WaS "° m ° re aUen to the nou3e than "■
to "I'm expecting a very charming compatriot of yours
to-morrow," eal<j Lord Beverdale as they crove from the
"1 ™i rh r in7°" must tell me what to show h Tr " f
I should think any countrywoman of mine would ho
juite satisfied with the Priory." Pa id the Consul Anrln?
houKHtfully toward the pile dimly seen * through t^e park
,/ shou dn't like her to be bored her» " continued Boy
•rdale. "Algy met her at Rome, where she was occupying
PHOTOGRAPHING without light, while a verbal con
tradiction, is so far the only term found that lends
itself to describing the recent experiments of an
English scientist. His name is Dr. D. J. Russell and
he is a lecturer on chemistry at St. Bartholomew's
Hospital, London. His work has caused no little
talk in English scientific circles and among the growing
host of photographers, amateur and professional.
Dr. Russell announces that he has discovered that cer
tain substances are able to produce exact images of them
selves on a photographic plate, even, though the substance
and the plate are kept in total darkness.
Some feAv years ago the great French chemist Becquerel
proved that if the metal uranium, or some of its salts, were
placed on a photographic plate in perfect darkness and al
lowed to remain there for some days, the plate became act
ed upon, the action manifesting itself by the ordinary
photographic process of development. This curious fact re
mained almost unnoticed until Dr. Russell discovered, while
repeating Becquerel's experiment, that mercury, magne
sium, cadmium, zinc, nickel, aluminum, pewter, fusible
metal, lead, bismuth, tin, cobalt and antimony all give off
rays capable of reproducing an image of the metal on a
photographic plate when placed in company with it in a
drawer, or other place where light cannot have effect, for a
few days.
A polished piece of zinc — that is, well rubbed with coarse
sand paper — if laid on a highly sensitive photographic plate
in a dark cupboard will, under certain conditions, even in
four or five hours, so act on it that on development a com
plete picture of the zinc is produced, showing the scratches
or any ruled linea and faint pattern drawn oa it. if
By BRET HARTE
SHE SEEMED SO UNCONCERNED AND SELF-CO NTAINED THAT HE WONDERED AT HER ACTION
a palace with her mothpr — they're very rich, you know.
He found she was staying with Lady Minever at Hedham
Towers, and I wont over and invited her with a little
party. She's a Miss Desborough."
The Consul grave a slight start, and was aware that
Beverdale was looking at. him. "Perhaps you know her?"
said Beverdale.
"Just enough to agree with you that she is charming,"
said the Consul. "I dined with them and saw them at the
consulate."
"Oh, yes; I always forget you are a Consul. Then, of
course you know all about them. I suppose they're very
rich, and in society over there?" said Beverdale, in a voice
that was quite animated.
It was on the Consul's lips to say that the late Mr.
Desborough was an Englishman, and even to speak play
fully of their proposed quest, but a sudden instinct with
hold him. After all. perhaps it was only a caprice, or ldoa,
they had forgotten — perhaps, who knows?— that they were
already ashamed of. They had evidently "got on" in En
g];sh society, if thi.it was their real intent, and doubtless
.Miss Desboroufh by this time was quite as content with
the chance of becoming related to the Earl of Beverdale,
through his son and heir, Algernon, as if they found a real
Lord Desborouuh among their own relatives. The (Consul
knew that Lord Beverdale was not a rich man. that like
most men of old family he was not a slave to class preju
dice; Indeed, the Consul had seen very few noblemen off
the stage or out of the pages of a novel who were. So
he said, with a slight affectation of authority, that there
was as little doubt iof the young lady's wealth as there
was of her personal attractions.
They were nearing the house through a long avenue
of chestnuts, whi*' 1 variegated leaves were already begin
ning to strew the ground beneath, and they could see the
vista open upon the yellow October sunshine lightening up
the mullioned windows of the priory. In the sunshine,
dr<?s?<r:d in a shooting suit, stood a tall, clean-limbed young
fellow, whom the Consul recognized at once as Lord Al
gernon, the son of his companion. As if to accent the
graces of this vision of youth and vigor, near him. in the
shadow, an old man b,ad halted, hat in hand, still holding
the rake with which he had b-en gathering the dead l<:a v eß
in the avenue, his back bent, partly with years, partly
with the obeisance of a servitor. There was something so
marked in this contrast, in this old man standing in the
shadow of the fading year, himself as dried and withered
as the leaves he was raking, yet pausing to make his rev
erence to this passing sunshine of youth and prosperity in
the presence of his coming master, that tne Consul, as
they swept by, looked after him with a stirring- of pain.
"Rather an old man to be still at work," said the Con
sul. Beverdale lauch'd.
"You must not let him hear you- say so; he considers
himself quite as fit as any younger man in the place, and,
by Jove! though he's nearly SO, I'm inclined to believe it.
lie's not one of our people, however; he comes from tho
village and is taken on at odd times, partly to please him
self. His great aim is to be independent of his children —
he has a granddaughter who is one of the maids at the
priory— ana to keep himself out of the worknouse. He
aces not come from these parts— somewhere further north,
I fancy. But he's a tough lot, and has a deal of work in
him ret."
"Seems to be going a bit stale lately," satd Lord Alger
HOW AGUINALDO CAPTURED A REWARD OFFERED FOR HIS IN HEAD.
PANCHO AGUINALDO, the native
dictator of the Philippines, is a
very picturesque personage. He
is the son of a very prominent
native chief. Anxious that his
boy should be educated this chief con
fided the lad to the Spanish priosts,
who thought that Aguinaldo's influ
ence when ho grow up would help to !
maintain Spanish authority among the
population.
Nearly two years ago Aguinaldo and
a compatriot named Alexandro. also a
lieutenant of native troops, organized
<'i reYOit in the native corps. Aguinal
do's regiment one morning while on pa
rade shot all the Spanish officers ex
PHOTOGRAPHING OBJECTS IN THE DARK.
Curious Experiments of a London Chemist Who Believes He Has Discovered Something New in Picture Making.
Sketches of Several Photographs TaK^O in Utter Darkness by the Experimenter.
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1893.
non, "and I think Is getting a little queer in his head. He
has n trick of slopping .and staring .straight ahead at
times, when he seems to go off for a minute or two.
There," continued the young man with a light laugh, "I
say! he's doing It now:" They both turned quickly and
gaze.! at the bent figure, not fifty yards away— standing in
exactly the same attitude as before. But even as they
gazed, he slowly lifted his rake and began his monotonous
wurk again.
At Scrooby Priory the Consul found that the fame of
his fair countrywoman had, indeed, preceded her, and
that the other guests were quite as anxious to see Miss
Desborough as he was. One of them had already met her
in London, another knew her as one of the house party at
the Duke of Northforeland's, where she had been a cen
tral ligure. Some of her naive sallies and frank criticisms
were repeated with great unction by the gv-ntlemen, and
with some slight trepidation and a "fearful Joy" by the
ladies. He was more than ever convinced that mother
and daughter had forgotten their lineal Desboroughs, and
he resolved to leave any allusion to it to the young lady
herself.
She, however, availed herself of that privilege the
evening after her arrival. "Who'd have thought of meet-
Ing you here?" she said, sweeping her skirts away to m:ike
room for him on a sofa, "It's a coon's age since I saw
you— not since you gave us that letter to those genea
logical gentlemen in London."
The Consul hoped It had proved successful.
"Yes, but maw guessed we didn't care to go back to
Hengist and Horsa, and when they let loose a lot of 'Deb
boroughs' and 'Daybrooks' upon us maw kicked: We've
got a drawing ten yards long, that looks like a sour apple
tree, with lots of Desboroughs hanging up on the branches
like last year's pippins, and I gu^ss atout as worm-eaten,
rat well enough, but when it came to giving us
a mop of straight lines and dashes with names written
under them like an old Morse telegTaph slip struck by
lightning, then maw and I guessed that it made us tired."
"You know," she went on, opening her clear gray eyes
on the Consul, with a characteristic flash of shrewd good
sense — through her quaint humor — "we. never reckoned
where this thing would land us, and we found we were
paying £100. not only for the Desboroughs, nut all the peo
ple they'd married, and their children, and children's chil
dren, and there were a lot of outsiders we'd never heard
of, nor wanted to hear of. Maw once thought she'd got on
the trail of a Plantagenet, and followed It T keen, until she
found she had been reading the dreadful thing upside
down. Then we concluded we wouldn't take any more
stock in the family until it had risen."
During this speech the Consul could not help noticing
that although her attitude was playfully confidential to
him, her voice really was pitched high "enough to reach
the ears of smaller groups around her, who were not only
following her with the intensest admiration, but had
shamelessly abandoned their own conversation and had
even faced toward her. Was she really posing in her nai
vette? There was a certain mischievous, even aggressive
consciousness in her pretty eyelids. Then she suddenly
dropped both eyes and voice, and said to the Consul in a
genuine aside: "I like this sort of thing much better."
The Consul looked puzzled. "What .sort of thing?"
"Why. ull those swell people, don't you see; their pic
tures on the walls, this elegant room, everything that nas
cept a few lieutenants and took to the
savannas — great trackless prairies,
swampy, with occasional high bits of
land called "mattes." Here Aguinaldo
made his headquarters. At one time |
he must have had 4000 or 5000 men un- |
der arms of some sort hidden in these j
fastnesses, raiding the rich settlements
whenever they felt like it. The politi- j
cal governor general of the Philippines, j
Ser.or Don Basilio Augufstin y Pavila,
Offered a reward of $20,000 for the head
of Aguinaldo. Within a week he re
ceived a note from the insurgent chief
saying: "I need the sum you offer very
much and will deliver the head my
self."
Ten days later the southeast typhoon
was raging. The hurricane — for it was
one — was tearing things to bits, and I
it was raining, as it can rain only in
the Orient, a sheet of black, water
flooding the earth. The two sentinels
at the Governor General's gate made
the usual reverent sign as a priest
passed in, who asked if his Excellency
was within and unengaged. They an
swered yes to both questions. Don
Basilio did not turn his head as some
one entered. It was his secretary, he
supposed, come ♦<■> help prepare an elo
ouent statement upon the condition of
the colonies. It was not the secretary,
but a priest, who said: "Peace be with i
you, my son."
The cleric locked the door, and, drop- |
pine: his cloak, said:
"Do you know me?"
Don Basilio did not know him. It
come down from the past all ready and settled for you.
you know— ago. Seething you haven t to pick up
for yourself and worry over." . - 
But here the Consul pointed out that the place Itself
was not "ancestral" as regarded the present earl, and that
even the original title of his predecessors had passed away
from It. "In fact, it came Into the family by one of those
'outsiders' you deprecate. But I daresay you d find the
place quite as comfortable with Lord Beverdale for a host
as you would if you had found out he were a cousin? he
added. ,
"Better," said the young lady, frankly. ■-
"I suppose your mother participates in these prefer
ences?" said the Consul, with a smile.
"No," said Miss Desborough, with the same frankness,
"I think maw's rather cut up at not finding a Pesborough.
She was invited down here— but she's ratner Independent,
you know— she allowed I could take care of myself—
while she went off to stay with the old dowager Lady
Mistowe, who thinks maw a very proper womanly per
son. I made maw mad by telling her that just what
old Lady Mistowe would say of her cook— for I can t stand
these people's patronage. However, I shouldn,t wonder if
I was invited here as a 'most original person.
But here Lord Algernon came up to implore her to sing
them one of "those plantation songs," and Miss Desbor
ough, with scarcely a change of voice or manner allowed
herself to be led to the piano. The Consul had little chance
to speak with her again, but he saw enough that evening
to convince, him that not only Lord Algernon was very
much in love with her, but that the fact htta been equally
and complacently accepted by the family and guests. That
her present visit was only an oportunity for a formal en
gagement was clear to every woman in the nouse— ex
cepting, I fear, even the fair subject of gossip herself.
Yet she seemed so unconcerned and self-contained that the
Consul wondered if she really cared for Lord Algernon.
And having thus wondered, he came to the conclusion that
It didn't much matter for the happiness of so practically
organized a young lady if she loved him or not. -
It is highly probable that Mies Sadie Desborough had
not even gone so far as to ask herself that question. She
awoke the next morning with a sense of easy victory and
calm satisfaction that had. however, none of the trans
ports of affection. Her taste was satisfied by the love or a
handsome young fellow— a typical Englishman— who, if not
exactly original nor ideal, was, she felt, of a universally
accepted "hall-marked" standard, the legitimate outcome
of a highly ordered, carefully guarded civilization, whose
repose was the absence of struggle or ambition, and even
whose regular features were not differentiated from the
rest of his class by any of those disturbing lines which
people call character. Everything was made ready for
her, without care or preparation; she had not even an
Ideal to realize or modify. She could slip without any jar
or dislocation into this life which was just saved from self
indulgence and sybaritic luxury by certain conventional
rules of activity and the occupation of amusement, which,
as obligations of her position, even appeared to suggest
the novel aspect of a duty! She could accept all this
without the sense of being an intruder in an unbroken lin
eage — thanks to the Consul's account of the Beverdales
Inheritance. She already pictured herself as the mistress
of this fair domain, the custodian of its treasures and tra-B
ditions, and the dispenser of its hospitalities— out as sheß
conscientiously believed, without pride or vanity in her Pp-B
Bitlon— only an intense and thoughtful appreciation of it.B
Nor did she dream of ever displaying it ostentatiously be-B
fore her less fortunaate countrywomen — the contrary, ■
she looked forward to their possible criticism of her cast-B
Ing off all trans-Atlantic ties witn an uneasy consciousness^
that was, perhaps, her nearest approach to patriotism. Yetß
again, she reasoned that as her father was an Engllsh-B
man, she was only returning to her old home. As to herß
mother, she had already comforted herself by noticing cer-B
tain discrepancies in that lady's temperament, which ledß
her to believe that she herself alone Inherited her father's^
nature— for her mother was, of course, distinctly Amerl-BJ
can! So little conscious was she of any charming snob-B]
bishness in this belief, that in her superb naivette sheßJ
would have argued the point with the Consul, and em-1
ployed a wit and dialect that was purely American. ■
She had slipped out of the priory early that moralngßJ
that she might enjoy alone, unattended and unciceroned.BJ
the aspect of that vast estate which might be hers fc,r theßJ
mere accepting. Perhaps there was some instinct of dell-B
cacv in her avoiding Lord Algernon that morning; not!
wishing as she herself might have frankly put it, -'to takeß]
stock" of his Inheritance In his presence. As she passedß]
Into the garden through the low postern door she turned*]
to look along the stretching facade of the main bullding.BJ
with the high stained windows of Us banqueting nail andß]
the state chamber where a king had slept. Even in thatM
crisp October air, and with the green of its ivied battle-B]
ments against the gold of the distant wood, it seemed toB
lie in the languid repose of an eternal summer. She hur-BJ
ried on down the other terrace into the Italian garden, aß|
quaint survival of past grandeur, passed the great or-BJ
angary and numerous conservatories, making a crystalß|
hamlet in themselves, and seelncr everywhere the samA
luxury. But it was a luxury that she fancied was redeem< >fl|
from the vulgarity of ostentation by the long custom "tH
years and generations, so unlike the millionaire palaces otflj
her own land, and In her enthusiasm she even fancied itß|
was further sanctified by the grim monastic founders whcH
had once been content with bread and pulse in the crum-B|
Ming and dismantled refectory. In the plenitude of herßJ
feelings she felt a slight recognition of some Beneficent be-BJ
ing who had rolled this golden apple at her feet, and felflj
as if she really should like to "do good" in her sphere. B|
It so chanced that, passing through a small gate in thrH
park, she saw walking, a little ahead of her, a young girH
whom she at once recognized as a Miss Ame.lyn, one of th<B|
gue^tse! *>jev- T.fi beio»<\ Miss Desborough n-mfml.tT-BJ
that she played the accompaniment of one or two songs^B
upon the piano, and had even executed a long solo durin^B
the general conversation, without attention from th<fll
others, and apparently with little irritation to herself, subßl
siding afterward into an armchair, quite on the fringe ofll
other people's conversation. She had been called "mn
dear" by one or two dowagers, and by her Christian namfl
by the Earl, and had a way of Impalpably mating out ofl
sfght at times. These trifles led Miss Desborough to con-Bl
elude that she was some kind of dependent or poor rela-M
tlon. Urn- was an opportunity to begin her work of . "do-BI
Ing good." She quickened her pace and overtook MisaßJ
Amclyn. , H
"Let me walk with you?" she said graciously. Bl
The young English girl smiled assent, but looked hr-r^B
surprise at seeing the cynosure of last night's eyes unat-BJ
tended. said Sadie, answering the mute Query. "I didn't^B
"Oh," said Sadie, answering the mute query, "I didn'tßß
want to be 'shown round' by anybody, and I'm not R"lng^B
to bore you with asking to see sights, either. We'll justßß
walk together; wherever you're going is good enough foiflj
me."
"I'm going as far as the village." sMd Miss Amelyn,^B
looking down doubtfully 'at Sadies smart French shoes ;^B
"if you care to walk so far." Sadie noticed that her com-^B
panion was more solidly booted, and that her straightMßJ
short skirts, although less stylish than her own, had aH
certain character, better fitted to the freer outdoor life "'-B
the country. But she only said, however: "The village^B
will do." and gayly took her companion's arm. BB
"But I'm afraid you'll find It very uninteresting. foißß
I am going to visit some poor cottages," persisted Missßl
Amelyn. with a certain timid ingenuousness of mannerH
which, however, was quite as distinct as Miss Desbor-BB
ough's bolder frankness. "I promised the rector's daugh-MBJ
ter to take her place to-day." «c BH
"And I feel as if I was ready to pour oil and wine toJJ ■
any extent," said Miss Desborough, f 'so come along!" BB
Miss Amelyn laughed, and yet glanced around her tim-BB
Idly, as if she thought that Miss Desborough ought to hav^BJ
a larger and more important audience. Then she eontin-Bi
ued more confidentially and boldly: "But it Isn't at all IIK^BJ
'slumming,' you know. These poor people nere are noH
very bad. and are not at all extraordinary." HBJ
"Never mind." said Sadie, hurrying her along. t After aBJ
pause she went on: "You know the pnory very well, BJ
guess?" '
"I lived there when I wa<» a little girl, with my auntßJ
the Dowager Lady Beverdale." said Miss Amelyn. "Whei^BJ
my cousin Fred, who was the young heir, died, and tlnBJ
present Lord Beverdale succeeded— he never expected itBBJ
you know, for there were two lives, his two elder brothersßß]
besides poor Fred's, between, but they both died— we wniß
to live in the dower house." ■■
"The Dower House?" repeated Sadie. BB]
"Yes, Lady Beverdale's separate property." BB|
"But I thought all this property— the priory— came intiß
the family through her." ■
"It did— this was the Amelyns' place— but the oldesßßJ
son or the nearest male heir always succeeds to the propßßJ
erty and title." - >f,
was Aguinaldo, also a twenty-inch
bolo, a l.ative knife, sharp as a razor,
carried by every Malay in time of
trouble. They can lop off an arm with
one blow, as though it waß a carrot.
"I have brought the head of Aguin
aldo," the chief said, touching the edge
of hi 9 jewel-hilted bf>lo to ascertain its
condition, "and I claim the reward!
Hasten, else I shall have to expedite
the matter myself."
Don Basilio was trapped. He had to
open his desk and cnunt out the sum
in Spanish gold. Aguinaldo punctili
ously wrote a receipt, coolly counted
the money and walked backward
toward the door. He suddenly opened
it and dashed out, just ahead of a pis
tol bullet that cut his locks on the tem
ples.
"Do you mean to say that the present Lord Beverdale
turned that old looked shocked. "I mean to say," she
Minn Amelyn looked shocked. "I mean to say, she
•mm HTavely. "Lady Beverdale would have had to go
whence* own Bon became of age, had he lived." She
paused? and then said, timidly: "Isn't it that way in
"Dear no'" Miss Desborough had a faint recollection
that there was something in the constitution or the Deo
laration of independence against primogeniture. ''No! the
iSlri ivn-m't it all their own way there! Not much!"
mV^ Amelyn looked as if she did not care to discuss
this Problem After a few moments Sadie continue?: "lou
and Lord Algernon are pretty old friends, I guess?"
"No " replied Miss Amelyn, "he came once or twice to
this, and yet nail lm^ u t° t ££ were nearlng the village
of i ie^- fUt A^i]vn turned the conversation *o the object, or
and the station for Scrooby Priory j .as tn- weather
a grim church on *»« ""''Jl^ Ameiyns reposing cross
beaten stone, Jltha Jf. w^" Character of the village was
legged in the * chancel but the cnara anotner coun-
Sed^S^ SrfenOTand gifts ~f^^
lean girl would have augmented with a i ma n 1 o v te ' s^ In g S
P^rjrateftf," said. "Mor*
they wouldn't understand. _ __ . ■ „ ld Mlss
maid of her, but her queer accent-they re from i the wortn
-is against her with the servants. I am a ™? h ™ jn&e
see old Debs, for he's at work again to-Jay. tnougn wo
doctor has warned him." •
"Debs! What a funny name! People cannot read nor
"Yes. but as many of these e£r, P and not always^ nor
write the name is carried by the ear, and nft^^om the
rectly. Some of the Railway navvies^ who come from tne
mmmmm
hand, am? tajlored ihe fair tfuant and her companion to
•slummin' party' and all Joined. Tjovprdale from
the "And you haven't seen half." said Lord village, >? £ e^
the box. ''Miss Amelyn's too partial tb the village, inere .s
an old drunken retired poacher somewhere in a nut in
Crawley Woods, whom it's death to approacn. except wnn
a lame party: There's malignant diphtheria over at the
South Farm, eight down with measles at tne Keepers , and
an old woman who has been bedridden -years •"
But Miss Desborough was adamant, though sparkling.
She thanked him. but said she had just seen an old woman
"who had been lying in bed for twenty years and ha, „ t
spoken the truth once!" She proposed "going outside of
Lord Beverdale's own preserves of grain-red poor, and
starting up her own game. She would return in time for
luncheon— if she could; if not, she "should annex the gruel
of the first incapable she met." displeased at being ac-
Yet actually, she was far from displeased at being ac
cidentally discovered by these people while following out
her capricious whim of the morning. One or two older
ladies, who had fought shy of her frocks and her frank
ness the evening before, were quite touched now by this
butterfly, who was willing to forego the sunlight of soci
ety, and soil her pretty wings on the haunts of the impov
erished with only a single companion— of. her own sex.—
and smiled approvingly. And in her present state of mind,
remembering her companion's timid attitude toward Lord
Beverdale's opinions, she was not above administering this
slight snub to him in her presence.
When they had driven away, with many regrets, Miss
Amelyn was deeply concerned. "I am afraid,' she said,
with timid conscientiousness, "I have kept you from going
with them. And you must be bored with what you have
seen. I know. I don't believe you really care one bit for it
— and you are only doing It to please me."
"Trot out the rest of your show," said Sadie promptly,
"and we'll wind up by lunching with the rector."
"He'd be too delighted," said Miss Amelyn, with disas
ter written all over her girlish, truthful race, "but— but—
you know— it really wouldn't be quite right to Lord Bever
dale! You're his principal guest— know! and-r-they'd
think I had taken you off."
"Well," said "Miss Desborough, impetuously, "what's
the matter with that Inn— the Bed Lion? We can get a
sandwich there, I guess. I'm not very hungry."
Miss Amelyn looked horrified for a moment, and then
i laughed, but immediately . became concerned again. "No!
listen to me, really now! Let me finish my round alone!
You'll have ample time If you go. now, to reach the priory
for luncheon. Do, please! It would be ever so much bet
ter for everybody. I feel quite guilty as it is, and I sup
pose I'm already in Lord Beverdale's black books!"
The trouble in the young girl's face was unmistakable,
and as it suited Miss Desborough's purpose just as well
to show her independence by returning, as she had set out,
alone, she consented to go. Miss Amelyn showed her a
short cut across the park, and they separated— to meet at
dinner. In this brief fellowship the American girl had
kept a certain supremacy and half-fascination over the
English girl, even while she was conscious or an invincible
character in Miss Amelyn entirely different from and su
perior to her own. Certainly there was a difference in the
two peoples. Why else this inherited conscientious rever
ence for Lord Beverdale's position, shown by Miss Amelyn
—which she, an American— alive to its practical benefits
could not understand. Would Miss Amelyn and Lord Al
gernon have made a better match? The thought irritated
her, even while she knew that she. herselr, possessed the
young man's affections, the power to marry him, and, as
she believed, kept her own Independence In the matter
[To Be Continued.]
c TAB ON TIME.
Minister's wife — Tommy Crowther, you haven't
washed your face to-day.
Tommy Crowther — 'Taint Sunday.
flaws in the metal exist they are clearly seen.
One of the must extraordinary points about these "pic
tures without light" is that absolute contact of me metal
and plate is not necessary. Dr. Russell found that if
screens of different thicknesses of any inactive substance
be interposed between plate and metal, thus preventing
contact, the action still occurs. While glass stops the ac
tion, celluloid, sheet gelatine, gutta percha, vegetable parch"
ment, real parchment, goldbeaters' skin, tracing paper and
various other substances have no effect, the resulting pic
ture of the zinc being as good as if they were not there
Dr. Russell finds aqueous vapor is not an active agent in
producing these reactions, but that alterations of tempera
ture produce very marked effects, high temperature in
creasing the photographic action of the substance, low tem
perature diminishing it.
Wood possesses a very considerable amount of photo
graphic activity, and any one may prove this for himself
Lay an ordinary smooth piece of wood on a photographic
plate, and, like the piece of zinc, it will impress its likeness
on the plate.
In one of his experiments Dr. Russell found that uran
ium salts acted more strongly shut in pill boxes than in
any other way, and this led him to place a pill box without
any uranium saJt on it on a photographic plate. To his as
tonishment he found that action had occurred, and that a
dark circular spot representing the pill box came out on the
plate.
Pill boxes are usually made of strawboard, and thi<* sub
stance is able to influence a photographic plate. The photo*
graphs which accompany this article are prints from na
tives, that is, they are light where they really should H
dark. They were all obtained in the same way, the sub
stance in each case being placed along with a photograDfclQ
plate In a dark place for a certain length of time.■-./"I \HIS Is a story of the mountains
THI? is the deer of the mountains
w hei r live and where I
I have killed a buck— the theory
J^ that a woman cannot shoot a
■•' '■ ■ gun, stalk a deer or leave- her
cozy nest before dawn to -the
•" contrary notwithstanding.
;, With genuine sympathy for those
■: .who could not and scornful pity for
.' those who would not leave the unproftt
.. able summer city streets I took the
V train to Ukiah and thence drove a day
•arid a hajf up high into the mountains
.' l of Northern Mendocino County, till I
■ Feached the ranch house of Jim White,
•whose hospitable latch string hangs out
; — the last spot holding civilization's
, comforts before you reach the upper
• heights of the coast range.
'. An ardent hunter himself Mr. White
'.was more than willing to undertake
"placing our party in camp on the sum
: .. Mit of Bald Mountain, which is about
: . fifteen miles as the crow flies, but at
;least thirty as a horse walks above his
.ranch. I did not say much about my
. determination to kill a deer, for the
; mountaineers have quite St. Paul's idea
• ■that -a woman's proper place is at
•. home.
' A mighty hunter and trapper, one
"Sure- Shot" Connelly, was engaged to
'.provide two puck mules and himself as
'guide. This "Sure Shot" was a wonder. I
•'ln- his way. • • ,
..• -He brought his impedimenta and j
• proudly showed his outfit, including a c
■■collapsible camp oven of his own in- i
yvention fastened to the pack saddles
'.by diamond hitches. It looked to me
'like two cowskin bags hitched on a j
.sr^iall sawbuck converted into a saddle .
•arid having a rope snarled around it, ;
.biit as he expected admiration I could I
.ridt but exclaim upon the wonders of
. that diamond hitch. '-'_ <
. JA. red eyed, pinky white, cross-bred i
••■bull terrier was with him. ",-1
' ■ ''What is his name?" I asked in my <
mpst conciliatory tone. . t
'. raarm, I call him Peter sorter i
=artJer the. Apostle, 'cause he's a good £
Si 8 *. '. S3 S8 \ *. '. Si *. \ % •. *. •. 88 88
HOW ONE MILLION DOLLARS IS BEING SPENT IN MINES TO PROTECT SAN FRANCISCO HARBOR
I : MMEiMATKI.Y following the anni
hilation of the Spanish fleet at San
tiago de Cuba, leaving the Dons but
...a mere remnant of a once powerful
"navy, it was announced in the press
• '. dispatches from Washington that
all mines in the harbors and rivers of
the United States might be taken up on
DIAGRAM SHOWING ThJE MINE SECTION OF Th}E BAY OFF THE
•: • ': ■ SAUSALITO SHORE.
HOW THE ONE THOUSAND MINES, COSTING ONE MILLION DOLLARS, ARE BEING DISTRIBUTED ALONG THE MARIN COUNTY SHORE OF SAN FRANCISCO BAY.
'Un in water and on land. k
"And," he continued, 'I've just traded
my watch for him that Mr. Jacobs gave
me for trapping 183 coyotes in three
months. It was a good watch, but
what do I want with a watch? I know
when it's daylight and I know when it's
dark, and I know when I'm hungry.
But that dorg— well, wait till I git him
trained arid he'll beat any dog in Cali
fornia for 'denning' coyotes."
It was a long, rough trail to our
camping- place, a surveyor's deserted
nut, on the top of the mountain, and
most of the way was too steep for rid
ing with not a fence or a human being
or any sign of habitation.
Tracks of bear, wildcats, coyotes,
foxes and coons and countless traces
of deer we saw, and just before night
tall, at the bottom of a cool, deep
canyon, I thought I saw a rabbit feed
ing, but they told me it was a doe.
In tangled manzanita thickets the
hen of the mountain quail fussed and
called to her half-fledged brood, tempt
ing Providence with her noisy scolding.
Doves and grouse and squirrels invited
shots, but the law protected the grouse
and we did not want the others badly
enough to shoot and scare the deer.
It was quite dark when we sat down
by our camp fire to our beans, bread
and butter and coffee. I was too tired
to stay long away from my bed of fra
grant spruce browse in the tent which
had been pitched for Minnie and me.
The last I heard was the voice of "Sure
Shot: "You ought to have been here
twenty years ago, the first trip I ever
made on this here mountain. Do you
set- that gulch over thar? Wall, I was
all tuckered out and hungry enough
to eat raw rattlesnakes, and "my moc
casins was clar wore through from
walking. I wanted to get up here
and camp, where I could keep my eye
peeled for Injuns. I wasn't afraid of
the cussedest Injun livin' if 1 seed him
first. Wall, just as I came up that
gulch, just a mite to the right on that
op>'n, I see twelve of the biggest bucks
I ever seen in this State. They was
bunched and I blazed away and
thought I would get two or three of
them, and I guess I fired ten shots.
I \vnt over there and may I be tarnal
ly hornswaggled to glory if I hadn"t
plugged the whole twelve of 'em. Four
at 'em wasn't dead, but I finished them
with my knife. One of 'em"
Then I fell asleep.
Between S and 9 o'clock next morning
we were eating breakfast when the
banters returned laden with only hun
ger and directions to Minnie and me
as to the surest way to br'ng down
four-point bucks.
Toward noon we too went to "stake
out" our ground. We were chatting
and making ourselves happy in a rasp
berry patch beside a brook. I heard i
crackling in the bushes and then a
Eplash in the water about thirty yards
away and a groat tawny buck was
standing in the brook with his head
iS8«S888S8S 88-88 88S8S8888S2'SS888888i
the recommendation of the local engin
eers having them in charge. This vir
tually left the removal of the mines op
tional with the engineers. This action
on the part of the War Department was
due to the pressure brought to bear by
the Eastern shippers and Atlantic nav
igators, whose business was greatly de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 18 98.
HOW I KILLED
MY FIRST
DEER
up scenting the air. Further down a
yearling and a doe were drinking. A
slight breeze was blowing from them
toward us and we were concealed by
the berry bushes, but the beautiful ani
mal semed to know inst.-ictively that
some danger was near. He need have
had no fear for I iJtood petrifi ?d and
my heart was in my throat. We must
have made some sound, however, for
they bounded away up the hill. I
turned to Minnie, she was as white as
her collar and said I had even less
color. Then we sat down and had a
good laugh.
When we returned to camp we did
not tell the others what we had seen
though the lust of the chase grew in
us every hour. We merely said we had
chosen the side of the mountain for
the morrow's hunting.
"All right, you shall have that whole
mountain for your own. Don't tire
yourselves too much though, and I
would not get up till it is quite light
If I were you. Don't get frightened at
"I TOOK A LONG AND CAREFUL AIM AT THE POINT OF HIS SHOULDER WHERE THE LIGHT STRUCK IT AND FIRED."
the deer and don't lose yourselves."
The nights are very cold up on Bald
Mountain. Very early next morning
when Minnie whispered to me that she
believed it was time to get up nothing
but those deer we had actually seen
could have moved me. It was very
dark, but along the line of the east was
a promise that it might be light some
time.
The men were still sleeping so we
had the first chance at the cold coffee
before we started over the hill which
had been so generously given to us.
I carried the rifle and Minnie a pair
of -field glasses. Something was mov
ing on the next ridge, but after strain
ing our tars and eyes it was only our
j layed by the extreme caution necessary
! for the masters of vessels to exercise
' In entering and leaving port which
j could be done only during the daylight
hours.
■ With the destruction of so many of
! Snain's warships and cruisers at Ma
nila and Santiago de Cuba there re
mained little or no fear of an attack on
our seacoast cities, and hence the mines
were permitted to be removed.
However, the mines in the harbor of
San Francisco are to remain undis
turbed unless positive orders are issued
to take them up. So says Major Win.
G. Heuer of the Engineer Corps, who
as yet has received no n r.tructions !
from General Wilson, chief of the Uni
ted States Engineer Corps at Washing
ton.
Soon after the breaking out of the |
war with Spain. Major Heuer was or
dered to lay in the harbor of San Fran
cisco a complete system of mines, ac
cording to the plans provided for every
harbor of importance in the United
States.
This work Major Heuer proceeded to
perform as rapidly as possible. It is a
little more than half completed, and he
proposes to carry out his original in
structions and finish the job, unless
otherwise directed. Theso mines have
BY HELEN GREY.
buckskin mule trying to keep up his
meek spirits on the blue bunch grass.
Our berry patch was about a mile
from camp over a long ridge of Bald
Mountain and half way down into the
canyon. The - heavy silence and the
clammy wind of early dawn made us
keep very close together. The snap
ping of dead leaves and twigs under
our feet seemed loud enough to fright
en the game .for miles, and when we
had to. pass under a madrono tree,
treading on the dry yellow leaves on
tip toe seemed to call an echo from
every peak. We had come too early,
but that was so much better than being
too late and you are in another world
when abroad at 3a. m. We crept cau
22 88 88 88 % 22 22 22 88 82 22 82 52 88 ZIV, 22 ?
J so far not disturbed the navigation of
j the harbor in the least, but if the entire
I field Is laid according to the plans the
network might interfere to s»mi> extent
with the transportation interests. A
vessel passing over the mine field
I might strike a mine and cause an ex
plosion.
The mines are so arranged that any
particular one can be exploded at the
will of the operator stationed on the
shore; but if touched by a vessel the
mine by means of an ingenious device
announces the fact to the operator and
at the same time automatically throws
the firing battery into circuit, causing
an explosion.
It has been stated in the newspaper
dispatches that the harbor mines if re
moved would either be taken up or
blown off. Major Heuer, however, says
that there would be no blowing off of
the mines as they are too expensive to
be converted into a mere fireworks dis
play.
The mines in the harbor of San Fran
cisco so far have cost over $500,000.
The plan for completely mining the
harbos calls for 1000 mines, the cost of
which will be over $1,000,000.
The mine cases are made of steel,
six feet long, thirty-two inches diame
ter and containing from 100 to 600
pounds of dynamite.
tiously up to the top of the ridge be
yond the brook and sat flown to wait.
It was fast growing light and we had
heard several distant shots. Watch
ing in every direction we fell to won
derlng if we would have to ?ro home
without so much as a sight of deer. A
strained intent look came into Minnie's
face. Following her t-yes I saw not
a hundred yards away a buck feeding
in the shadow of the tanbark oaks
which skirted the opening. He was
partly facing us and much lower down.
I was almost afraid to raise my rille
into position lest he should hear us. I
took a long, careful aim at the point of
his shoulder, where the light struck it,
and fired.
Major Heuer, if ordered to remove
them, would' disconnect the electrical
i apparatus at the shore and thon grap
ple for the mines, picking: them up
one by one. The cable would be cut
immediately beneath, and then under
run and reeled up, the principal cable
thus being taken away. The charge
would then be taken out of the mine
and stored away for future wars, as
the material will last, in good condi
tion, for many years. The life of the
wires is about two years, at the end
of which period they will have to be
replaced.
To the casual observer it would seem
that the Golden Gate would have been
the proper location for the harbor
mines, as it is only about a mile wide,
and would require the placing of about
fifty-three torpedoes, but the trouble
Is that the Golden Gate is too deep,
and too rapid. It is 320 feet deep
and"the current at times is eight miles
an hour. The depth of the Golden Gate
prevents the use of ground mines, as
it would Interfere with the destructive
force of the explosive, and the strong
When the slight smoke of the nitro
powder had cleared away no buck lay
on the ground. We ran down the hill
to where he had stood and there was
a great smear of dark blood and on
the grass plashes of blood a few feet
apart, leading back into the woods, and
there over a fallen trunk the buck.
He was a "four-pointer," just what
I had promised myself. The small
head on the long slender neck stretched
on the dead leaves, the great brown
eyes still soft and unglazed and the
free, wild grace of the body and dol
icately shaped legs, made me feel like
a murderess, as I, trembling, stooped
to see if there was any life.
I wonder if men who have killed a
current makes it difficult for the plac
ing of buoyant mines.
The mires now dotting part of San
Francisco Kay are of the buoyant type,
their buoyancy being due to a large
air chamber. They are anchored so
that they float only a few feet beneath
the surface of the water. The buoyant
torpedo being nearer the object of at
tack does not require nearly so large
a charge of explosive as the ground
mine.
The submarine mines in the harbor of
San Francisco, so far as the system is
completed, are placed within an area
embraced within lines drawn from Sau
salito- to a green buoy south of Belve
dere, and Angel Island, thence to Shag
Rock, and thence to Point Cavallo, as
shown by the accompanying drawing.
"Very recently," stated Lieutenant
deer feel as I did.
After all the trouble, packing over
the mountains, walking: for miles, all
the heat and rough living, I would
have given a great deal to be able to
give back to my first deer the power
to bound away into God's green
woods.
As we started back the sun was
lighting the fog in the lower valleys
and the whole mountain side was
awake and alive. It seemed hours
since we had picked our way over that
trail through the deathlike silence and
chilly gloom.
"Sure Shot" came in soon with no
game, but a wondrous story, and
Peter, the dog, close at his heels, one
eye closed and his pinky white hide
frescoed with tar weed which he de
cently tried to wash off in our spring
set aside for drinking.
I asked how Peter had hurt his eye.
" 'Taint hurt; all them well-bred dorgs
have that way of looking," answered
"Sure Shot." as he wiped his knife on
his trousers, preparatory to eating his
breakfast. The vultures were circling
around and around the spot where my
deer lay and yellow jackets were hum
ming and buzzing, eager to dispute
'Sure Shot's" right to fasten the buck
onto the mule with what he called a
"hog-thief's hitch."
He was not half so patronizing when
he found that the one shot from my
little Winchester had gone through the
heart and out through the short ribs.
He stepped off the distance from where
the buck lay to the first stain of blood,
and it was eighty-seven yards. The
buck had traveled that distance and
jumped a great fallen tree after a bul
let had torn through his heart.
Shunk, the officer in charge of the
mines, "the propeller of a steamer cut
the cable holding a torpedo, which
floated out beyond the heads and was
brought back by some fishermen. If
a vessel had struck it there mi£ht have
been a repetition of the Maine disas
ter."
Two weeks ago four lads from San
Francisco hired a boat and went row
ing. They pulled their boat alongside
a torpedo buoy and began to poke ft
with their oars, evidently unaware of
Its dangerous nature. A guard rushed
down to the shore and shouted to the
boys, who yelled back uncomplimentary
remarks and tried to pull the buoy
from its moorings. At this four rifle
balls were sent over their heads, where
upon they rowed back to Sausalito.
2526
SOCIETY
, _^HE event of the week was the de
lightful garden party and fete
ilu'lu yesterday aX the Crocker
residence. Monte do Robles. at
San Mated, for the benefit of the
Episcopal church of the little
town, a full account of which is given In
the local columns of to-day's issue.
Outside of preparing fur the garden
party, society rested during the week,
lingering at the resorts, enjoying the
present and making no plans for the fu-
This evening Mrs. Sachs -will give a din
ner at her home on the corner of Geary
and Leavenwortn streets, In honor of her
daughter Hilda's engagement to Julian
Kewbauer, which was announced during
.the- week.
An elaborate affair In preparation will
be the celebration, on the _4:h Inst.,
silver wedding of Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Voor
eanger.
Jhey're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. D. I^ewis announce the en
gagement of their daughter Mamie to
Louis O. Levißon. They will be at home
to-day at 1420 Sutter s:r-_ I
Wedding Bells.
Miss Elma Graves, daughter of R. N.
Graves, and V»'illlam J. H. White, son of j
the late lieutenant Commander Henry C.
• White, I*. 3. 1%"., were married In San
Diego at noon Wednesday, August 10.
The wedding of Miss Hannah 12. East- j
man and D. H. Wulzen Jr. was quietly j
LIVELY STREET BALLS ON
HE PAVEMENTS OF PARIS
ONE thing is certain, Diogenes would never have won !
his renown in Paxis. In less than a week he would
have made a bonfire of his dear old tub, smashed
his lantern In gieeful exuberance and tripped the
trolley on the Place de la Kepublique. For here,
life is plainly worth the living and philosophy mu?t
perish. From the top of the Eiffel tower to the darkest re
cess of the Bewers, Paris is gay, laughing throbbing with
the joy of lift.-. If there be anyone here who is really miser
able I have not yet discovered him and I Wave peered into
the faces of the poor and the lowly with real psychological
Intent. One feels that the forlorn expression or the beggar
Is only a disguised smile, that his plaint is a possible laugh.
' There Is no doubt about it. Joy in- Paris is real, hearts are i
• light and life is marvelously rosy.
The Parisian temperament is essentially, irrepressibly
gay, and happiness, after ail, is surely a question of ter
n• j erament rath.-r than of condition. No, the poor of Paris
are not to be pitied— they have eyes that were made to see ;
-with, feet to danco, lips to kiss, and what matters all the i
t! Eat, drink and be merry, for to-day we live, is the ■
philosophy of the Parisian, that to-morrow we die has not ;
yet been revealed to them.
On account of these characteristics a fete in Paris as-
sumes a color that is a decided revelation to us from across
the ocean, and the fete of the people the 14th of July
'shows the unvarnished Parisian temperament more than
any other occasion. 1 must confess that I had not much
Interest In the 14th of July. My American imagina
tion refused to suggest anything else but firecrackers, a
procession of soldi*-; in the morning, some very prosaic
literary exercises, ai d at night a "grand pyrotechnic dis
play." But the Fr< :•. 'i celebration is something entirely
different. It is for I : ie and Is literally by the people.
There are no drej unmitteea riding In '-arriages — it
Is a day when pleb< Is king, and beware if you appear
in better raiment ur neighbor.
There really se< rood reason why the fall of the
Bast He should be ce-ku 1 by the French plebeian as his
particular triumph. the I?astile was never intended
for nor occupied b: but reasons are not essential i>>
the rabble, and afi - i thing answers as '.veil as an
other for the annual outlet of the "1 am as good as you"
sentiment.
On the day of the 14th all of tho theaters are open
free, from the Grand Opera-house to the humblest institution
In Paris, and the Jam commences about the entrances at
3or 4 o'clock in the morning. The marble halls of the opera
become the scene of a barbecue, for the peasants take ilv-ir
meals and camp till the doors are open. The celebration
really lasts two pr three days, fur the city Is enlivened j
■with all the traveling shows of Europe. Circuses of every
description, monstrosities, merry-go-rounds, trolleys, fer
ries, wheels and things of that sort can be counted by the
hundreds. And the Satids of music, hand organs and street |
Bingers constitute a din indescribable.
The most important event of the 14th is always
the review of the army by the President of the republic,
which takes place at Longchaxnps. Although it did not
begin on this 14th till 3 o'clock in the afternoon, by
noon every 8.-at was occupied. Next to God the Father
himself, the French adore their army, and tt glimpse of th**
reylew of the 14th is to them worth any amount of
pushing and hauling and scratching. But roally it is worth
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
GOOD STORIES
OF
FAMOUS PEOPLE.
"As a courtier Lord Beaconsfield ex
celled. Once, sitting at dinner by the
Princess of Wales, he was trying to
cut a hard dinner roll. The knife
slipped and cut his finger, which the
Princess, with her natural grace, in
stantly wrapped up in her handker
chief. The old gentleman gave a dra
matic groan and exclaimed: 'I have
asked for bread and they gave me a
Btone; but I had a Princess to bind my
wounds.' "
"When Lady B^aronsfield died he
Bont for his ai?pnt and said: 'I desire
that her ladyship's remains should be
borne to the grave by the tenants of
the' estate.' Presently the agent came
back with a troubled countenance and
.paid: 'I regret to say that there are
not tenants enough to carry a coffin.' "
i parents, 516 V] Toot. Thursday
:K, August i. Family friends only
wltnessed the ceremony. The house was
fully decorated. A bower of ferns
and white jessamine was arranged for the
bride and groom. The mantel was banked
with ferns, pink carnations and La Franco
and the halls made attractive in y<>l- '
low blooms. Three generations on both ;
sides of the family were represented fin i
this delightful occasion. Mr. and Mrs.
Wulzen are taking a trip through South
ern California. \\ li'ni they return will be
at home to their friends at 404 Castro
Btreet,
!r\ the Future.
E.ltrar, son of Mr. and Mrs. !?.• Golds
smith, will be confirmed on Saturday,
t 21. In the Geary-street Temple
At home Sunday, August 22, from 2 to 5,
Post street
Misa Hattie Nathan will give a dra
matic and dialect recital at the Hotel
Rafael on Wednesday evening-, August
24. at half-past h o'clock. The affair will
be un<''-r the patronage of Mrs. Louis
Bloss, Mrs. J. It. Deane, Mrs. Henry
Schmiedell, Mrs. R. H. Warfleld.
BY GENEVIEVE GREEN.
the effort to any one, for the spectacle is superb. Twenty
seven thousand soldiers in the gayest of uniforms took part
in the review. However, an American intelligence can
easily picture army reviews and things of that sort— lt is
harder to imagine the balls in the streets which are features
of the Paris celebration.
On the night of the 14th there were fully one hun
dred balls en the street corners of Paris. Fortunately, trie
ts are nearly all beautifully paved, but oven when such
is not the case the gaiety is not affected. Cobble stones are
no impediment when a Parisian wants to dance. All om
nibuses and trams are stopped on this occasion, that the
fun may not be interrupted, and carriages may come only
within a certain distance.
A stalwart escort is very important to the lady who
would view these sights without taking part. Unless so
accompanied she must become the partner in the dance or
any one who grabs her. The Government, it is said, expends
thousands of dollars in illuminating the city on this occa
sion, a statement that can reaJily be believed. There were
literally draperies of electric lights, glittering flags, ban
ners and stars on the opera house, the Hotel de Ville and
all the public buildings in Paris. The largest of the balls
were before these places, the opera and the Hotel de Ville,
but there were numerous others not less interesting. The one
in the Latin Quarter naturally had a character of its own.
Trilby was there and Little Billee, as well as Rodolphe and
Musette, for these individuals are permanent in the Latin
Quarter. Yes, and Taffy and Schaunard were quite conspic
uous, carrying their ladies on their shoulders. Poor Mur
ger! lam thinking of his apologetic statements that there
are bridges in the I^atin Quarter, and that one can go
through mud without getting splashed. Perhaps that is
true, but to the looker-on the bridges are not apparent,
while the splashes are sorrowfully conspicuous.
At 1 o'clock we had visited ten different balls, quitting
with the one at the opera, which was undoubtedly the most
brilliant in town. Here we found women with high-heeled
boot:-, petticoats of real lace and hats with drooping plumes
dancing furiously with butchers and bakers still clad in
their caps and aprons. Next to them you would have rec
ognized your domestic in the embrace of a bare-legged stu
dent, and further on your blanchisseuse radiant with ec
stacy on the arm of some one to whom she could not speak
a word, an American undoubtedly, clad in a costume ap
propriate for a Fifth avenue promenade. Men danced with
each other by way of variety, and often a women would
take the notion to dance alone. Perhaps her hair would be
gray and her poor old hands shriveled with the toil of many
years, but feet do not grow old in Paris, and hers would
compete quite nobly with the Hying slippers of the gay co
quet. Over all this mixture of kitchen aprons and lacy
skirts, of black coats and unclean blouses, ascended innu
merable little balloons of every color of the rainbow.
There were green lions, pink elephants, yes, and purple
cows in dazzling array, as well as all sorts of noisy con
ceits, singing birds, bleating sheep and squealing dwarfs.
Tin •[■<■ were vendors of live birds, who plunged into the
dance with the little tame creatures on their hats and
shoulders; truly they were the tamest and the grayest
things In all the scene, these piping birds, and they, the
Parisian tells me, were doped.
The balls lasted till 7 o'clock In the morning, and the
15th was again a holiday— a resting day.
GENEVIEVE GREEN.
In a chapter headed, "Verbal Infelic
ities," occurs the following delightful
prayer:
"Dr. Liddon told me of a Presbyter
ian minister who was called on at short
notice to officiate at the parish church
of Crathie in the presence of the
Queen, and, transported by this tre
mendous experience, burst forth in
rhetorical supplication: 'Grant that
as she grows to be an old woman she
may be made a new man, and that in
all righteous causes she may go forth
before her people like a he-goat on the
mountains.' "
Here are some good examples of
what Mr. Russell calls the "art of put
ting things."
Dean Stanley used to tell tho follow
ing story of an ecclesiastical dignitary
who gloried in his presenc » of mind:
"A friend invited me to go out with
him on the water. The sky was threat
ening and I decline 1 . At length he
succeeded In persuading me and wo
embarked. A squall came on, the boat
lurched and my friend fell overboard.
Twice he sank and twice he rose to
the surface. He placed his hands on
the prow and endeavored to climb in.
There was great apprehension lest he
should upset the boat. Providentiajly
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 189 S.
Mies Nathan will also read at the
residence of Mrs. I. L. Rnjua in Oakland,
and will be the special feature during an
evening at the Irish fair.
Home QatKzrir\gs.
A pleasant surprise party was given to
Miss Phila Pettis at her homo, 2133 Pine
street, on Saturday evening, July 30.
Dancing, games and music were indulged
In until midnight, when supper was serv
ed. Among those present were Mrs.
Evans and Mrs. Pettis, the Misses Phila
and Paulino Pettis, Edith and Bell Evuns.
Evelyn Kelly, Grace Cook. Lillian Gen
f-ra.l and Miss Curso; M- ssrs. Dr. Henry
(i. Allen. Paul Castleton, Jack McGee,
Wallace H. Beanston, George Gale, Ben
jamin Townsend, George Loucks and
George Evans.
I had brought my umbreila with me.
I had the presence of mind to strike
him two or three hard blows over the
knuckles. He lft go his hold and sank.
The boat righu-d itself and we were
saved."
"When Lord Dufferin was Viceroy of
India he had a sporting servant, or
I 'shikary,' whose duty it was to attend
| visitors on their shooting excursions.
i Returning from an expedition one after
! noon the shikary met the Viceroy, who
asked: 'Well, what sort of sport has
Lord had?' 'Oh,' replied the scrup
ulously polite Indian, 'the young Sahib
shot, divinely, but God was very merci
ful to the birds.' "
Mr. Russell does not forget to tell a
few stories about children:
"If the essence of the enfant terrible
is that he or she causes profound em
| barrassment to the surrounding adults,
j the palm of pre-eminence must be as
| signed to the children of a famous dip
j lomatist, who, some twenty years ago,
! organized a charade and performed it
j without assistance from their elders.
' The scene displayed a Crusader knight
I returning from the wars to his ances
tral castle. At the castle gate he was
welcomed by his beautiful and rejoic
ing wife, to whom, after tender salu
On Saturday last an enjoyable evening
was spent at the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. R. D. Valerga, 3C4 Eighteenth street,
in honor of the anniversary of the birth
day of the hostess and that or her niece
j Miss Edith Valerga, A musical and liter
ary programme of rare merit was given
by the following artists well known in
professional circles: Miss Ida Valerga,
prlma donna; soprano, Matiia Valerga;
Mrs. W. Freeman, Mrs. R. D. Valerga,
Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Flninger, specialists;
barytones, Charles H. Parrlsh, A. Isola,
A. Valerga; tenors, Richard D. Valerga,
C. Valerga; musicians, Mrs. T. Valerga,
F. Valerga and G. Apel; Mrs. W. Wood
ward, elocutionist; and Miss Grace Par
rish, accompanist on piano.
At conclusion of programme a supper
was served. Others present were: Mrs. J.
Burke, F. Valerga, Mrs. C. H. Parrish,
Misses Noon and Gainsborough, Messrs
Louis B. Parrish, R. W. Wilson, W.
Ward, L. Valerga, Woodman, F. Heller
and Dorland.
Bennie Hirshfeld entertained his friends
at an afternoon gathering at his residence,
1519 Buchanan street, Saturday, August G.
Among those present were Miss Palymre
Goldtree, Jannett Schmitt, Mabel Levy,
Jessie Summerfi.eld, Rose Kailar, Pauline
Olcovich. Birdie Asher, Rose Frankel,
Hlldah Frankel, Willie Summerneld, Syd
ney Schmitt, Sydney Witkofsky, Henry
Kailar.
Last Friday Miss Henrietta Flsehbeck
favo a luncheon to a number of her
riends at home at 1217 Mason street, In
honor of her birthday. The table decora
tions were lavender, and the dining-room,
parlors and hall were beautifully decor
ated with palms and cut flowers. In the
evening Miss Fischbeck gave a mustcale
and receptioti to over fifty Invited gmsts.
Dancing and a midnight supper closed the
evening's enjoyment.
A very pleasant surprise party was
given to William J. Conrad on last Sat
urday evening at hiß residence, 815 Page
street, in honor of the anniversary of his
birth. The affair was arranged by Miss
Agnes Quadt. and the young lady is en
titled to a great deal of credit for its
success In every particular.
The house had been beautifully deco
rated for the occasion with llowers and
lanterns. During the evening songs were
I rendered by Miss Sophie Peterson, Miss
! Agnes Quadt, Alfred Letterme and Wll
j Ham Fenstermacher. A sketch entitled
! "A Happy Pair" was delightfully ren
i dered by Miss Agnes Quadt and Frank
i Donnet. A piano duet by Louis Harder
i and Miss Mamie Quadt was a feature
iof the evening. At midnight the guests
! repaired to the banquet hall, where an
' elegant repast was partaken of. Toasts
i were drunk to the health of the host and
! hostess. Dancing and games were the
j order for the rest of the morning, and the
i guests did not disperse until daybreak.
Among those present were Miss Mamie
! Quadt, Miss Sophie Peterson, Miss Annie
■! Meyer, Miss Emelie liurkhardt. Miss Ag
i nes Quadt, Miss Sophie Asmus, Miss
j Edith Mitchler, Miss Emma Fenster
macher. Miss Tina Quadt, Mrs. Letternie,
i Mrs. William J. Conrad, Miss Annie
: Hinck Miss Rosie Bans. Miss Mamie
! Hinck. Mrs. John Quadt. Baby Letterme.
William J. Conrad, George Hinck, Wil
i Ham Fenstermacher, Charles Erb, Joseph
Quadt, Alfred Letterme August Steige
ler Louis Harder, Joseph Frader, Frank
I Donnet, Henry Steigeler, Louis Quardt
| and John Quardt.
Thp reception given Wednesday evening
by Mrs Ella Cook on Pacific avenue waa
attended by the following: Miss Amy
Cook Miss Alice Evans. Miss May Hoff
mann Miss Fantiie Tobin, Miss Calixa
Boas. Miss Emma McDermott, Mrs. Wool
worth Mrs. C. L. Dennis, Mrs. Ella Cook,
Charles F. Ratto, Frank Fennlß. Ed La
throp L. Ford Tevis. Harry English, Rob
ert Laymanee and Edward Cluff. At mld
nlKht rapper irai served and was followed
by dancing, which lasted until 2 a. m.
Miss Rosalynde Glass gave a progres
i eive hearts party at her residence, Ulu
' Jones street, Wednesday evening, in hon
or of her suest from Chico, Miss Hen
dricks. Among those present were: Miss
Florence Murphy, Miss N. Lyons. Miss E.
Harvey Miss L. McDermott, Miss E'.ea
nor Stflson, Miss Gray. Mins Sawyer, Miss
j D West, Miss Wlnona Hendricks and
1 Miss Glass; Albert Robinson. Perry Hen
1 dricks G. Murphy. Mr. Harvey, Frank
i Robinson, Scott Hendricks, W. TaJbot,
tations, he recounted his triumps on
the tented field and the number of
paynim whom he had slain. "And I.
too my lor'l." replied his wife, pointing
with conscious pride to a long row at
dolls of various sizes — 'and I, too, my
lord, have not been Idle.' Tableau in-
Ideed!" _
A West Gouldsboro (Me.) man tolls
a queer story about a stone that grows.
It is an egg-shaped, flinty-lookine rock.
VOICE CULTURE
AS A FINE ART
WILLIAM L. TOMLINS, the Well-Koown Educator In Music.
Mr. Tomllns. leader of the Apollo Club of Chicago and of the chorus of
children that sang at the World's Fair, has lately resigned his various po
sitions and is to give all of his time to work among children. His reputation
is national for the success he has had In developing and training voices. Mr.
Tomlins. though, carries his teaching of music much farther than simple
voice culture.
TTT L. TOMLINS' theory, broadly,
1/1/ is this: That the musical in
1/1/ stinct is well nigh universal
I I and the song voice a common
' * • heritage; that as man becomes
more and more a cog in the
great industrial machine and can no
longer delight in the work of his hands
his spiritual deadness and discontent
become a menace to future genera
tions, but through music shall he find
the salvation of expression for his
dormant energies; that the mental,
moral and physical power of music is
irresistible, immortal, and in this con
nection he acknowledges its some
time power for evil, as any good
thing may be misused; and, lastly, that
the self-unconsciousness of children
renders them the fittest medium for the
reception and discrimination of this
Louis Jacobi, Louis Hendricks and Jeffrey
Graves.
Glub Parties.
The R. K. L. grave their fifth successful
social at Saratoga Hall on Thursday
evening, August 4. The grand march was
started at 9 o'clock by Jake Rapheld and
Miss Pauline Aaron, followed by seventy
five couples. The floor was under the man
agement of Emll Kahn, assisted by Ig
natz Levy.
El Paso de JRobles.
Among the late arrivals at Paso de Ro
bles are:
Thomas J. Kirk, P. Claudius, W. D.
Chamberle, L. M. Williams, H. J. Strat
ford. F. S. Cox, R. Smyth, A. Cowan, J.
B. Kelly. TV". T. Farrar, L. Behneman,
C. P. Bailey. L. E. Blumberg, Jessie E.
Triest, Miss A. Dougherty, D. W. Evans,
C. A. Burnham, T. M. Reilly, L. Brooks,
J. C. Schmidt, Mrs. John Madden, F.
Seregin, Mrs. L. McDonald, William For
ner, Mrs. W. Redstone, P. F. Meyer and
wife, E. Arendt, James Turner and wife,
E. Thompson and wife. E. Simonds, Miss
W. Bloch, J. Spruance, wife and nurse;
Mrs. A. C. Snyder. Charles H. Shinn, Mrs.
K. M. Burham. C. R. Howes. T. F. Ber
gen; Claus Spreckels, wife and maid: V.
Frankrl, M. J. Cahen, Ed Grurola, F.
WesUrberg. Leon Lewis, A. Bodelsen, J.
Boucher, Mrs. J. D. Thornton. Miss Lane,
Mrs. B. Cohen and daughter, P. Schlo
bach, J. Marous, James Alexander,
Henry C. Marous, Alfred Marous. Mrs.
E. M. Rosner, Miss C. Prager, T. Pragex,
Mrs. Alex Smith and Mrs. Jean Bloch.
SUaggs f\ol Springs.
The following guests are registered at
Skaggs Hot Springs, Sonoma County,
from San Francisco: Judge J. E. Barry,
D. J. Mcßay, W. F. Laughlen, C. McCol
gan, J. Maconsky, S. Aaron, Mr. and
Mrs. John J. Carroll, Miss Nellie Carroll,
Loretta Carroll, J. H. Helms, J. B. Cav
anaugh, May J. McDonald, Mrs. F. S.
Samuels, Addle M. Samuels, Miss Ray
Burnsteln. Miss Jennie Bumstein, George
A. Webster, O. W. McMahon, Roland Ley
eroni, Sini Brizzolara, Charles Kimball,
A. Glover, G. B. Beoty, Mr. and Mrs.
Angus I. Druker, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Brown, Mrs. S. Blumenthal, Miss Sara
Blumenthal, J. F. Dinan, M. Heyneman,
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Wren, Miss Julia
Wren. Mr. and Mrs. John Simpson, Miss
Amalle Simpson, Miss Hinrichs, Mies Ella
From, Henry Wagner, Mrs. A. J. Gore,
Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Detels and child.
Dr. H. W. Hunsaker and wife. Mrs. L.
Goldstein, M. Charles, G. C. Schneider,
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Hopkins, P. C. Hop
kins, Mrs. J. S. Stone, Thomas H. Browne,
John S. Maxwell, Q. R. E. Maxwell; Oek
land. Mr. and Mrs. James Presho, Mrs.
B. P. Young, Miss Young; Vallejo, A. S.
Miskln; Santa Rosa, Frank P. Grace, J.
Mother; Healdsburg, J. A. Mead, Mr. and
Mrs. D. D. Phillips. Mrs. Mary Weaver,
Cloverdale, Genevieve A. Smith, Will B.
Caldwell; Stewarts Point, H. A. Richard
son, J. B. Stout. George Miller, Sam Kee,
J. Eckert, J. McCoppen.
Hotei dz J^edWood.
The latest arrivals at Hotel de Redwood
are: Mrs. <". P. Gilbert, Miss Jennie Gil
bert, Miss Mary Gilbert. Charles Klll
patrlck, Berkeley; Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Rodgers, Will O. Morgan, C. L. Close, H.
S. Close, W. F. Clark, C. E. Averell, San
Francisco; G. Navlet, Sacramento; Mr.
and Mrs. George Keitz. Watsonvllle- J.
Mendoza and wife, Mrs. Leollne Hopkins,
New Almaden; Mr. and Mrs. Edgar A.
Neamo and family , Hanford; Mrs. Wal
lace Dlnsmore. Miss Mary Dinsmore, Mlds
Margery Dinsmore, Miss Ella Cutter,
Master William Dlnsmore, Marysvllle.
Bartlett Springs.
Following Is a list of late arrivals at
Bartlett Springs:
Charles Ragan, J. T. Howard, A. L.
Blum. Nellie A. Sullivan, J. R. Ruse,
Michael Sullivan. Henry Laiisen, Ed
Str%iu, P. R. Hansen and family, I. H.
Sehleef. Diok Bosq, P. J. Corbett, Ever
ett N. Hue. S. Salomon, William Callinan,
L. Van Laak, H. E. Copp, Mrs. L. Hert-
which he picked up In a cove near his
home about thirty years ago. Then it
weighed about twelve pounds, and
from Its odd shape was kept In the
house and on the doorstep as a curi
osity. As the years passed the stone
increased in size. Six years ago it
weighed forty pounds, and now It tips
the scale at sixty-five pounds. The
owner swears it is th^ same stone and
tells a likely story with numerous wlt
nessees to back him up.
gospel of music. Mr. Tomlins says he
hopes to live till every little one in
America can rightly use the voice God
gave him.
"What ground is there for the popu
lar notion that it is hurtful to the
adult voice to teach a child to sing?"
I asked. "There are many people sin
cerely in doubt on the subject.
"Absolutely no ground at all," replied
Mr. Tomlins. "It is this way: In fig
ures one can roughly represent the
value of the voices, at 7, 6 and 3 and
the value of the child's voice is exactly
the same, during all the years from 7
to 13, or 13%.
"Then at 13 years comes the rest
period," Mr. Tomlins continued. "The
child is a creature neither boy nor man,
a being without a name, and Just as
his voice wavers and wobbles so Is his
emotional machinery at the same trail
zell, W. Cohen, J. K. Morris, Leo T. No
lan, Ed Hlnkle and wife, G. Pfuffer. J.
B Herrington and wife, William Steele,
Con O'Connell, W. A. Seth, J. B. Barry,
W. B. Hosmer, Isaac Brack, William
Morris and wife, Annie Brack. J. &■
O'Nell, San Francisco; W. J. Carrie, J
J. Lawyer, George P. Runyon and wire, ,
A. M. Just, A. C. Ogden, W. K. Uns- ;
day A. Swenson, Charles Anderson, JUrs. i
M. Carrier, H. C. Wolf and wife .Annie >
M Gerber, Charles J. King, A. M. Jost
and wife, Sacramento; M. G. Eshman.
OF Herr. Mrs. A. M. Stephens and
daughter, Los Angeles; H. Steimiller, .
Vaeavllle; Mittie Wren, Hattie Wren,
Sutter City; J. H. Rourke and wife. Oak
land YG. Glenn and family. Jacuito;
W H Davis. Oakland; A. H. Stapp and
wife, Live Oak; J. J. Rourke and Wife.
Colusa- Mrs. J. M. Davis, Albert M. Da- .
vis Fibrin; P. Troy. San Rafael; Elmer
Little, Dixon; D. J. Farrell, Ogdfn J.
W. Hupp, Weaverville; Joe Brass. Man -
ville: King Bucker and wife, Williams;
Ed Barnes. Los Angeles; E. V , alsh. Au
burn; C. A. Cook. Watsonvlle; F. . r.
Wren J. S. Wren. Laura Pierce, Sutter
CityT'B M. Broyles and wife. Modesto;
Henry P. Beckley, Honolulu; V> . H.
Pierce Live Oak; George P. Murphy, ,
Jackson Lawrence O. Rourke. Colusa;
AUce W [Brown, Florin; William Loomey,
Colusa; Mrs- Purcell and daughter, Gra 3 s
Valley.
Saratoga Springs.
Following Is a list of late arrivals at
Saratoga Springs: H. K. Eells, Mr. and
Mrs M L. Gerstle, Mr. Condon and wife,
Alex Wolfer, P. Fernandez, J. W. Empey.
E Kruse Jr.. N. Hollings, Sam Little, R.
a' Holcombe, Fred Cusheon. San Fran
cisco! Miss Delia Bedwlne. W. H. Davis.
Oakland- F P. Grace, John Mather, San
ta Rosa;' Mrs. Frank Taylor. Sacramento;
Mrs. M. E. Ulan. Winters; George Henrf.
San Jose.
Santa Catalina Island
Recent arrivals at the Metropole are:
Mrs M. Chance. Louis Marke, Houghton
Sawyer, James B. Stetson, Mrs. Robert
Oxnard. Dr. J. D. Whitney. Mrs. Whit
ney Mrs. J. Marsh, Miss Irene N. Marsh.
San Francisco; Charles de Grubb, Lee
Ormdorf, C. G. Etchells. Tucson, Ariz.;
W A. Freeze and wife. Mrs. E. S. Wil
son Phoenix; Michael Ohl. Wllcox.
Hon. Marcus A. Smith and wife have
returned to Tucson, after a delightful
stay at the Metropole. During their visit
here Judge Smith made several tine
Ca M G S Perkins, son of Senator Perkins
b1 C e°n m g«s d S t£ SetS4.\ a°ve ha V
tU M n r? d anS SS. £ a nC TT CC a mm and daughter
have returned to San Francisco, having
spent a delightful month at the Metro-
PMP M 6 r and Mrs. Frank D. J. Rice of San
Francisco are guests of the Metropole.
D W. Hlnckley. one of the largest stock
men in the State and of the firm of
Hinckley & Owens, is at the Metropole.
Mr and Mrs. Albert Button of San
Francisco are guests of the latter sis
ter Mrs EL. Doran -f Crescent avenue.
Chief Justice Street and wife of Tucson.
Ariz ; Miss Wlekham, Philadelphia; Mr.
and Mrs. William H. Barnes, Mrs. J. H.
Martin and daughter. Phoenix are among
prominent arrivals at the Metropole dur
% %* Frale^nephew of the ox-Premier
of Canada, who has been at the Metropole
during the summer, has returned to ban
Mr C and' Mrs. Douglas S. Cone, after a
pleasant week's stay at the Metropole,
have returned to their home in Red Bluff.
Mrs. William J. Landers and daughters
Mrs C. A. Palmer and daughters, will
leave on the 19th lnst. for their homes in
the north, the former going to San Fran
cisco and the Palmers to Oakland.
General A. W. Barrett has returned to
his duties in Sacramento after a weeks
stay at the Metropole. Mrs. Barrett will
remain here for several weeks.
Jhe Qeysers.
Arivals at the Geysers for the past week
are: I. B. Owens, J. Henry Mohr, Harry
»)®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
I
sitional stage, for there is the most in
timate and powerful connection be
tween the voice and the emotions, and
that is, indeed, where the strength of
music lies. But after two, or perhaps
three years, he can sing freely again.
Incalculably the better for his early
training, and his voice will catch up
with his feet during the resting time, at
about the rate of one year's growth in
a month."
'What about the girls. Mr. Tomlins?"
"A girl's voice needs rest, too, and for
the same reasons, but with her there
Is not so marked a change. There is
another thing about the child-voice
which has not been sufficiently noted
by the teachers of children, and that
is its naturally high compass. The
mans voice below, the woman's voice j
between and the child's above is the i
order of nature. I have taken a thou- |
sand children from the streets and
slums of Chicago, from the poorest,
hardest lives, and within a few months
they have sung, with utmost ease, the
high C, time and again, before hun
dreds of astonished hearers. But it
is the spirit of song which average j
teachers most lamentably miss; they !
don't know where to look for it. It is
within, within, and they work from j
without, trying to force an unfamiliar
phantasm of their own imagination into
the mouth of a child, when the golden
germ is within the heart of every one
of them.
"Then the children must be taught to
use both mind and heart in their sing
ing. Singing only from the heart is
like the flying of a bird with one wing
—he flops. But given the balance of
mind, the child wings his way to the
highest earth knows.
"When I first get hold of a class of
children taught to sing in the old way
I have difficulty in shaking the self
consciousness out of them. I have
sometimes to resort to the queerest
methods of putting it to flight.
"As to those who wish to play some
instrument, as well as use their voices,
I ask often that they take up the vio
lin or 'cello; fhat with the numberless
pianos some form of chamber music
shall be open to them. There is noth
ing like chamber music for keeping the
home together and the son from the
saloon. Then along with the love of
music we try to teach the worship of
nature; the love of beautiful scenery;
the grace of bending flowers and bril
liant butterflies; the aerial flight
of birds; the music of poetry
and pictured loveliness; the b»auty of
men and women and little children;
then, and then only, can the supreme
love for one, which later comes, come
safely, naturally and normally: for
when the love of all things beautiful
finds but one object on which to spend
Itself It is rt.ther a monster than an
angel of light!"
Lafcadio Hearn, by the way, voices
much the same opinion in his irritat
lngy apt paper on the "Eternal Femi
nine" In an ancient Atlantic Monthly,
but his is the directly masculine vis
ion, from which the feminine stand
point is most cruelly withheld. Strong
ly masculine ls # William L. Tomlins
also; but his strength is tempered with
tenderness and his is the quick intui
tion and sympathy of the best women.
It Is hard to believe in his 54 years, as
one looks into the bright, brown,
young face, and sees the thick waves
of dark hair hardly touched with gray;
and the tremendous nervous' energy,
the vital, magnetic power of the man
are rarely associated in our mind
with the approach to threescore years.
Before leaving Mr. Tomlins I of
course asked his opinion of the Cali
fornia voice, and he had many nice
things to say concerning its beauty,
which I here patriotically pass on.
"The spontaneity and freshness of the
California voice delighted and sur
prised me on my visit here three years
ago," he answered. "There is much
less self-consciousness here than in the
East — that bugbear of music. Perhaps
a newer civilization accounts for it."
"We thought our climate" — I be
gan.
"Climate has some effert doubtless,"
said Mr. Tomlins, smiling, "but lan
guage has more.' Witness the gut
turals of Germany, the nasals of
France, the lovely liquids of Italy and
still more Waica. Then the effect of
Waldorf. Stephen Potter, C. A. Myers,
Mrs. J. B. Schroder and daughter, Mrs. L.
J Gates. Dr. and Mrs. W. H. Siebers*.
Robert Sudden, wife and daughter, Mrs.
J. B. Henrici, the Busses llenrici, B.
Sheidman, Hattie Sheidman, Grace Sheid
man, San Francisco; F. Conetis and wife,
Berkeley; S. C. Farnham. John A. Britton
and wife, Miss J. Eastland, Oakland; Mr,
and Mrs. W. T. Lipman. Alameda; A. A.
Curtis. San Rafael; Dr. and Mrs. T.
Still Miss Bernice Thompson, Shermari
Gardner, Napa; S. J. Winans, Petaluma.
personals.
Kate A. Fallon, who has been spending
the summer in Portland, joined a party
that made the ascent of Mount Hood.
Mrs. F. W. Dohrmann left San Francis
co* Friday nifrht for New York, where she
will be met by F. W. Dohrmann, who is
on his way from Europe, where he haa
been for the past few months.
Mrs. Henry H. Paulsc-n of 270G Bush
street has discontinued her day at horn.-.
Dr. C. V. Cross left Saturday on the
Doric for a trip to China^and Japan. 1
ing his practice in care v of Dr. Ernest S.
Plllsbury. corner of California and Fill
more streets.
Miss Aurelia Amillo of Los Angles ;»
the guest of Miss Florence Scatena,
Miss Rose Goodman will leave Tuesday,
the 16th, on an extended visit to New
York. She will receive her friends Mon
day at 1638 Geary street.
Mr and Mrs. flyman Falk have moved
in their new home, 2707 Jackson street.
Miss Florence Montague has just re
turned to her home in Oakland after a
three months' vacation In the country.
Mr and Mrs. Aaron Crocker have re
turned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. I. L.
Lowman of Los Angeles. Vu*-. i
Miss Lizzie Keenan of Nevada City is
visiting Mrs. M. Sloan and family at 81o^
Mrs BelfAdams and Mrs. F. Kemp van
Ec will spend a few weeks at \ an Ea
Ville Copperopolis, as the guests of their
brother, J. C. Kemp van Be. .
Mrs Bernstein and Mrs. Lewis have
discontinued their day at home during the
summer months. •
Dr W. O. Stuttmoister and wife ana
Wlllard C. Evans were the guests of \V al
ter E. Janke and John L. Llndley Jr. at
Camp Laurel. Marin County, last week
Mrs L Jacobs of Sacramento is visit
ing her son J. Jacobs, 510 Turk street
Max Boas has returned from Middle
town Lake County, where he haa spent
th Mr P^iTrs W t kßudeek Rudee of 510 Devlsadero
street are stopping at Byron Hot Springs
Mr and Mrs. John Higgins and family
have returned from Santa Cruz.
Mr and Mrs. John Spargo and child
have' returned from the Santa Cruz Moun-
ta Mrs. D. M. Burns, Mrs. F. R. Danforth
and Mrs. Mollie Lambert are at bnasta
S *Mr ng and Mrs. George H. S. Dryden. Jos
eph B. Dryden, Miss Susette Toner, Mr.
and Mrs. James P. Dockery and Eugene
G Dockery have returned from tneir
summer's outing at John Day s on Eel
River where they spent a very enjoyable
time hunting, fishing and bathing.
Mrs. L. Schoenfeld and family of Tulare
are visiting A. Fisher of 920 McAllister
street
Mr. and Mrs. B. Fisher and family of
Tulare are visiting relatives in this city.
. Mrs. J. H. Fisher Jr. has just returned
from Harbin Springs, and will be at home
the second Thursday of the month.
Thomas P. Crowley and party from
San Francisco have been spending their
vacation in Sonoma County. During the
past week they killed six deer, among
them four fine bucks. Mr. Crowley is
one of the directors of J. J. O'Brien & Co.
Mrs. M. Tausen left for the East on
Wednesday evening. She will make a
tour of Kansas, Maine and Illinois, and
will be gone three or four months. .
Ed Dolllver, late of Alaska, has just
left for Boston on a visit to relatives.
Count Potowsky has returned to the
city after a brief sojourn in the southern
part of the State.
The following Californians sailed from
New York the 11th inst. for Hamburg on
board the Hamburg- liner Au
guste Victoria: Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Altschul and family. Miss A. Kohkr,
Mrs. F. Roeding, M. Haralarab, Frank
Stum and Dr. F. Dolfein.
character, everything affects the voice
and the voice affects everything."
These are some of the tenets and be
liefs of Mr. Tomlins, who has the repu
tation of being a very great teacher.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■-■ -■ -b- b- b -B -b -■-■-■
1 PRICES i
I STILL LOWER. I
■ - — +
I CLOSING OUT ALL SUM- -
- MER LINES. ■
L In order to secure money for the ■
L In order to secure money for the ■
I payment of our entire indebtedness we g
■ have made still greater reductions in I
B our vast stock. ■
H MOST REMARKABLE BARGAINS ■
! Ever known will be placed before the gg
W public on Monday. The regular I
g values mentioned in every case are ?
I reliable. . ■
* BLACK DRESS GOODS. 7
i' AT CO fid 68-INCH ENGLISH ?
■. Ai x!>Jm»\J\J VENETIAN CLOTH, I
I .suitable for tailor-made garments, gj
a worth {3 50 per yard; will be offered i
I at .*. __ ■ ;•,;■:
TAT P^fir' ENGLISH SERGE, 50 \
I Al OUt inches wide.' sold at all . M
is times for 75c ..per yard, will •be |
™ placed on sale this week at 50c. I
H
1 Colored Dress Department, a
1 AT 52-INCH ALL WOOL .
I AI OUC COVERT SUITING, ex- ■
J£ cellent value for $123 a yard; ■to ' j '
| close at 50c a yard. _,
H-AT Odr' FRENCH NOVELTY I
| A I BUTTING, 44 inches In ■
n width, shaded effects, good . value . i
I - for 75c a yard; clearing sale price,
I per yard, 25c. Tl
I Ladies' Silk Dress Skirts T
' At 55.00. B
■ LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK '
I DRESS SKIRTS, lined with silk B
n serge and bound with velvet; worth I -
, $10; will be placed, on sale at $5 ■
I each.
B each - |
i LADIES' SUITS. "
a At $5.00. I
I LADIES' SUITS in brown mixtures. ■
■ fly front Jackets lined with silk |>
■ serge; skirts double-lined and JL
1 bound with velvet, worth $10, will B
ra be placed on sale at $0 each. . |
• LADIES' WAISTS.,: : I
1 At 88c. |
T LADIES' PERCALE AND GINGHAM ■
• SHIRT WAISTS, in all fancy colors • T
■ of pink blue and tan; regular price _L
i | , «ac; will be placed on sale at 35c. B
I Ladies' Kid Gloves. 7
j At 90c a Poir. ■
g 60 dozen^LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH H
Xii GLOVES, colors Brown, I
■ Oxblood Tan, Mode. Green and —
I .Navy, also Black (extra pood value), ■
I will be on sale at 90c a pair. - 1
■ . -" "~~ ' ' 'fl
■ {/{[ Murphy Building-, J 'y
■ Marlet and Jones Strnets. B
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-BNEW WAYS TO DRESS THE NECK IN SUMMER.
cr> ' .c? EW YORK, Aug. 12.— sum
'^vjjr mcr evenings. I sing— and of the
1 many little arrangements to be
I- II " worn upon the neck.
■<J>- ,ii To be sure it is the middle
■ if' August and the dog days are begin
ning to .wane and the autumn nights are
almost.. ln the air, yet the warm breezes
.float, from the land side, and it is neces
sary to dress coolly in order to be com
fortable.
•-. The woman who allows her summer
neckwear to become crumpled, or who
discards it at this season of the year for
"high, [.-.warm collars and stocks, makes a
sad: mistake, for she takes away la com
fort a.nd appearance one-half that which
summer gives her.
■-H is: almost essential to one's comfort
the»e hot' nights to wear the neck low.
: By. this is not meant a waist cut, as the
French, say, "to the heart," nor as the
Italian • ladies of bygone days had them
cut. "to the waist" in the back; but on
the ' 'contrary it means a pleasant loosen
ing of the neck with a round or pointed
or a square finish. Just low enough to
relieve' the throat muscles of heat and
strain without exposing too much of the
neck .Is' the beat rule. It is a very much
Questioned point whether a woman should
.ever -wear a low neck dress at a summer
: 're - sort. '.<"-- r
Many claim that, in a promiscuous
gathering of people. it is poor taste to
cut the" neck lower than the sweep of the
cJiiri • Others draw the line to the upper
th-ouldtrs. while a few carry it as far as
\te decollete.
: The necks which are always in good
'tas-te.'ever becoming and decidedly pop
•lif are those which are cut in one of
tfrrW ways. The first is the baby neck,
■kbifc&--ls round. To cut a baby neck you.
;"VohwHh your chin as low as you ca.n
ik'or- 'your neck. Stretch your chin
■ c ; ut -in goose fashion and lay it upon
'-.Vo'uf 'gown; make a tiny mark. Follow
t^'s mark all the way around the neck
'ind-y'OU will find that you have the out
"-line Of a very becoming "baby neck."
■. : ---p r pneh modistes who are extremely
i-v\>- in s-oh matters invariably follow
' 'h;s Tire made by the chin of the woman
;.'.. rs^:' claiming that it gives just the
v*-t^p .required for a display of the curve
P Vhe! bar.^^eck can be finished with
I neck can be finished with
■\J£ ; with a band of velvet or with frills
\'"-kV No necklace should be worn
.■•\t neck in point of popularity is
■ ire one. To have this in perfectly \
-■ "square your pattern by means i
cambric dress with high neck. Cut
lit and back to a square, leaving \
i .:■ ra Intact. The sleeves will not i
•urbt-a nor will the shoulder stums
. . bed. Bring the shoulder line down
Int a little beyond the lobe of
U and cut abruptly. A square m-ck
. tty until it extends to the shoulders,
ild never l><- cut further than
t the shoulders. Fr->rn
: waist cut tho pattern of a good ,
< k.
sh the square n.-fk with a little
chemisette of chiffon with a shir-string
tin ribl.on. The square n-.k
with velvet in severe fashion. A
;:d necklace, if a woman be so for
. can be worn
:omingness with this dress
•for it is' essentially a full drees n« ck.
A ri<-» k that is becoming to every wp
18 the pointed n.-ck. which is cut to
a V. iji front ;<nd to a shuft-r V in the
.Persons who do not care to ex
■ ack "ii account of ungraceful
contented with the front
This V can have a fichu of any
hi In the front with a fancy pin.
Thlfl is an exceedingly simple way to
■finish the neck. The V can be managed
Jiy -turning in the throat of the gown
with a fichu fastened at
.the top of the V with a fancy pin.
With such a neck there can be worn a
it." A "throat" la made of shirred
■Uk or shirr, d chiffon over a silk foun
dation. It is two inches wide and makes
Liar. It is worn with low
nipck 'dresses nnd is hooked at the back
LATEST LONDON STYLE FOR WHEELWOMEN.
of the neck a.« though it were a necklace.
One .of these "throats" of white chiffon
over blue satin had a small gold chain
dangling from It to which was suspended
a large solitaire diamond. The whole had
the strange appearance of being a dia
mond necklace, although made of chiffon
and silk with only one dazzling diamond.
' The high embroidered collarette will al
ways be worn by the thin-necked woman
who! does not want to show her throat.
But' truth to tell, the thin necked woman
looks. better In a low neck dress than the
faf qne. Any artist will corroborate this.
He "win tell you that the thin neck Is
.more- Interesting, with its hollows and
'curves; than the fat one with its cushions
a : rid -liagglhess. The thin neck is lithe arid
will-6.wy "and suggests the fawn. The fat
neck i* elephantine, and the artist will
•turn/from ft in disgust, while his eyes
.will" 'longingly seek the thin, necked girl
.who- passes by.
• : But for the woman who cannot be per- i
e-uaded to show her neck on the ground j
of .-upbecomingness, there are ho many .
high collarettes that one Is confused in
trying- to mention thorn. One of them
•com«fsts. of a strip of mull— only this and
•nothing more! In the middle of the strip
there-is set an edging of mull embroidery
'.about fourteen inches in length. This
majifs a neck finish for the fichu.
. .The .strip of mull Is carried around the
•neck. -crossed In front, taken to the back
"of. the neck, crossed again and brought
around to the front again. Here It is tied
In a 'knot which may be a four-in-hand
or" a simple tie. The ends are shirred into
.puffs' and finished with a little embroid
•. ery^ ". The mull, being thin. Is not cumber
some t<? the neck, and It Is becoming, of
course It washes like calico and is there
fore a desirable feature of the summer
■ 'wardrobe.
. ■ So many of these straight mull strips
are -tyorn as neckties that one wonders If
they are not the most popular of all neck
trimmings.
: -With these low necks, such as were
mentioned in the beginning, some lati
tude "in hair dressing is allowed. None
• but- a professional beauty can twist her
-hair in a tight knot at the back of her
• head. It' ls absolutely necessary that the
• lialr. \n: curled in the nape of the neck
\ find waved around the face and ears.
I A very becoming summer hair arrange
ment Is formed by waving the hair
throughout Its entire length. The back is
tied in the middle of the head and is
* heap.e'd into a net. The net Is pinned at
the -middle of - the head, forming an old
•fashioned chignon. The chignon fails low
enough to cover the back of the neck.
..Two little follow-me-lada curls are
] pinned at one side. These curls are al
! most universally becoming.
Few women are courageous enough
1 now to brush the hair back from the
j ears. No artist ever drew a fancy picture
which showed the top of the ears. Only
the lobe peeps out, as shown in the mod
els or Raphael and Gainsborough, those
j two painters who knew a woman when
I they saw one. The curls can be few or
many, but they are more becoming to the
wearer than the plain, bare ears.
With the low neck the hair can be
curled in a bang, and pulled down over
the forehead a la Princess of Wales. This
style is decidedly becoming to women
j who are a little past their youth.
I/OW necks are most becoming when
; a woman's head is a mass of curls,
! and the woman wh6 selects be
i coming when a woman's head is a mass
] of curls, and the woman who selects be
coming neck arrangements must look
well also to the curls which are to trim
her face. HELEN WARD.
SECOND BEST
NEW HAT.
j? F you have just expended $5 or $(! for
a new hat for the summer, no doubt
j[ you feel that it is aU. that you can
afford to have; yet with so many dif
ferent colored linings to your summer
dresses how can you possibly make the
one hat do? A young woman who is
quite clever in the matter of dress and
Whose purse does not hold a superabund
ance of change for the carryiiy? out of
her idea*, has adopted a plan which is
quite worthy of being copied.
She had a broad, white leghorn hat
which she wore last summer, and which,
while being completely out of style, was
too good to be put aside. She secured a
package of diamond dye for 10 cents,
dyed the hat a beautiful shade of quartz
gray, and after it had dried thoroughly
she cut off about two inches of the brim.
Then she put three rows of crinoline
around it. arranging the crinoline around
it so that it stood high in the back, after
which she covered the first row with a
double fold of quartz gray chiffon, the
second with a deep panne fold and the
third she treated as the first. Under the
brim in the back and over the end of the
rows in the front, she massed bunches
of white and panne violets. The crino
line made a foundation for the«"hiflton so
that In case it were to get wet it would
not fall flimsy around the brim and thus
destroy its beauty.
Any "nut can be remodeled in this way
and by changing the trimming occasional
ly you can have several new hats during
tne summer.
MILITARY
TRIMMINGS.
_______ I
mILITARY trimmings for women's I
/fun wear are being manufactured '
! ft ]fi± \ for the fall gowns, and a few
fashionable girls have got hold i
jof some of them. They are epaulets, ad
: jutant's cordings and bandmaster's array
of gold braid and trappings. One girl has
a cloth suit of hussar blue, with an Eton i
| jacket with slender black revers and
I straps of gold and black braid on each
! sid/ 1 . as well as at the wrists of the very !
i small sleeves. The black collar and belt
| are fastened with gilt buttons, and a -vest
of yellow chamois is fastened with smaller
; gilt buttons. The skirt has graduated
; lengths of the black and gold braid on
I each side.
1 have already mentioned the fact that
J
a few silk petticoats with "lingerie"
flounces had been shown. They will soon
be the only correct thing with fashionable
women. In Paris several sets of lace
trimmed ruffles come for each silk petti
coat. Fashionables can not renounce the
rustle of the silk, yet must have the soft
and dainty fullness of white lawn and
lace. The silk petticoat itself has only
one full, but not deep, flounce to sustain
the one of washing material. Up to this
time the effect desired would have been
gained by wearing another skirt, but that
would add to the *:ze of the figure above
the knees, which would be bad style. It
Is only from the knees down that we must
flare.
One of the preltiest items that has
caught my eye this week is a blouse coat
in the finest fawn-colored cloth, trimmed
with appliques of panne, a kind of plush
velvet, or. perhaps, more nearly allied to
the silk of which gentlemen's hats are
made. It formed a pattern on the back
and round the shallow basque. It was
SUITABLE COIFFURES TO BE WORN WITH A LOW NECK DRESS. A h|IGM HEAD DRESS MAKES Th|E NECK LOOK TOO LONG.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, Ib9B.
TWO VERY MODEST SCHEMES FOR DRESSING THE NECK LOW.
fastened with throe handsome buttons of
a light green color, and the revers of
satin were covered with tiny tickings:
the collar was pointed. This "panne"
will he used as parts of entire costumes,
and is very effective.
I have already Bpotcen of the variety of
TAKE CARE OF THE EYES.
This department is for th c benefit of all beauty-seekers, and correspondence is cordially invited.
Questions will be answered in th ese columns. Sign any name that you choose and address all commu
nications to Mmc, Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
IN all ages, poets have sung arjd lovers
raved, over the eyes, the "windows of
the soul." They are the most deli
cate and complex organs of the body,
and require the most considerate
treatment, and yet how few people take
even reasonable care of them. There Is
no greater misfortune that could befall
one than to be deprived of sight. Think
of it! What It would meaii to you to be
shut out from all the beautiful things of
the world, to feel but not see the blessed
sunshine, never to catch a glimpse, of the.
blue of the heavens, or the variegated
loveliness of the flowers; to hear the
voices of loved one, while darkness rests
upon their faces; for this is what blind
ness means, and yet how many people
endanger their sight by carelessness and
by overtaxing the eyes.
The mechanism of the eye is all the
more wonderful because of the diminu
tive size of the window through which, at
a single glance, one comprehends a multi
tude of glories reaching out In every di
rection.
It is not necessary to enter Into any
minute description of the anatomy of the
eye. Every one knows that its princi
pal divisions are: The cornea, which Is
ordinarily known as the white of the eye;
the iris, which is the colored circle sur
rounding the pupil; the pupil; the retina,
a plate at the back of the .-ye which re
ceives refracted Impressions through the
lens from the pupil; and the optic nerve,
which is the medium of communi.
between the external world and the brain.
The eyelids are curtains completely ex
cluding the eye from the outer world.
The margins of these lids are lined with
short curved hairs, the eyelashes, which
serve as a screen to protect the eyes from
dust. Above the eye is a bony ridge, also
covered wfth a line of short, thick hairs,
which carry the perspiration around the
eye.
The eye is a Complete optical instru
ment, a camera of the same kind as that
used by artists In making sun pictures,
but intiintely more perfect than any in
strument which human Ingenuity and
skill has yet produced.
The beauty of the face depends very
greatly upon the size, color hthl condition
of the eye. The general health has much
to do with the appearance of the eye
and the condition of the eyesight, so first
of all attention to the general laws of
health is necessary together with con
stant care and economy in the use of
this delicate organ.
Washing the eyes, night and mornirtg,
in hot w;iter is a wonderful tonic. Dry
them always with a soft towel, wiping in
ward toward the nose and never outward,
as this has a tendency to collect crow:;'
feet. Take care in drying to press upon
and flatten the eyeball, as a flattening of
the Jens of the eye Is considered a sign of
approaching old age. and will call for
glasses sooner than nature Intended,
Here are a few "don'ts" for those who
wish to retain their sight and keep their
ey«?s in healthy condition:
Don't read or sow by twilight or by a
the washing gowns thlr. year. I Tore is I
one I must not omit to t«-ll you about: A
rose-tinted linen of the same make that"
we associate with butcher blue, but of
the most exquisite pink coloring, I
have seen made with three round :d
fluuncM on the skirt, piped with white, ;
By Mrne. Hygeia.
Hickering or insufficient light.
Don't read In a reclining position.
Don't read In a moving train or car
riage.
Don't read books with very line print.
Don't read or work, facing the light.
The light should fall over the left shoul
der or from behind.
Don't expose the eye too suddaalv to a
very brilliant light.
Don't use your eyes before breakfast,
as the strain on the optic nerve will se
riously affect the sight.
Don't read when extremely weary. And
as soon ns the eyes begin to tire or a
mist comes over them, at that instant
put aside your book or work.
Whereas any serious trouble with the
eyes should call for an immediate visit
to a skilled oculist, there are a few
simple home remedies that may be safe
ly used in such difficulties as weak and
inflamed eyes, sty, etc.
An excellent wash for weak and in
flamed eyes Is made from equal parts of
witch-hazel and camphor water. Bathe
the eyes in this several times a day until
relieved.
An alum paste, made by rubbing a
small piece of alum into the white of
an egg until a curd is formed, is good j
fur granulated lids. Apply to the lids t
upon retiring at right, and tie a piece;
of soft linen over the eyes. /
One grain of yellow oxide of mercury '
mixed with thick, sweet cream will often
reduce a very serious inflammation of
the lids and is also excellent for a sty.
'I'll-- subject of the eyes is not com
plete without a few words as to the cul-'
tivation of the eyebrows and lashes.
To keep the eyebrows nice, trim once
in a while the tiniest bit and apply a
quinine wash made by mixing live grains
sulphate of quinine in one ounce of al
cohol. Urush them frequently with a
soft camel's hair brush. If a deeper
shade Lb desired claret may be safely
used. However, do not use this on tho
eyelashes. To make these grow clip an
Infinitesimal point, and apply a tonic
made of equal parts of cocoanut oil and
whitn vaseline. This is also good for the
eyebrows.
And now, remember this, all of you who
want bright eyes. The beauty of the
eye lies chiefly In the expression, and
this can be easily cultivated. Nothing
will brigliten th" eyes like a bright, orig
inal mind. Show interest and bright
ness in the face, and I assure you that
the eyes will shine and scintillate as did
the star of Bethlehem, and will be to all
wise men the pymfool of a sweet, intelli
gent mind, before whose radiance slight
irregularities of feature will instantly
vanish.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
EDlTH— Please don't apologize for
wrfttng to me so often. I will cheerfully
answer as many questions as you please
to put to me. That Is what I am here for.
All advertisements sound plausible, but
there is so much charlatanry in that sort
of thing that I think, as a rule, the more
high-sounding they are and the more
miracles they profess to perform the
safer it is to be wary of them. I have j
covering the hack and diminishing at the
side. Tin- jacket has revers of white
linen over th>- pink, and was trimmed
with the fashionable fine crochet on the
epaulets, a hijch collar and a large jabot
(if white chiffon; it ended at the waist,
and the skirt fastened over it.
read at least half a dozen advertisements
that claim exactly the same thing as this
one. that you have sent me, and they each
and every one of them claim to be the
"only sure cure." The quotations in
your letter were taken from a book that
was published twenty-five years ago, bo
the remedies suggested are somewhat be
hind the times, and you will notice that
each assertion is qualified with the words
"It is said." I am afraid I cannot hold
out to you anything more comforting
than I have said to you in previous let
ters. Is the growth too heavy for the
electric needle? I should stop -orrying
and experimenting if I were you, and just
make myself so charming and attractive
'hat people would never think of my one
facial defect; and. besides, I doubt if it
is half as apparent to others as it seems
to be to you.
TROUBLES— It really Is discouraging
to be called upon to prescribe for some
one who has tried "almost every remedy
under the sun." and to no avail. I hon
estly believe that the orange flowor sk:n
food, which I have several times siven
recipe fur would help you. But, as you
say, creams do not seem to agree with
your skin, I wish \<>u would try this,
which is splendid for the ski a:
A READER-I answered your letter as
soon as I possibly could, and you, no
doubt, received it shortly after mailing
your second one to me. Letters, to re
ceive an answer in the following Sun
day's paper, should be in The Call office
by Tuesday night.
BELLE— The skin food is made from th<,
following Ingredients:
Spermaceti, V- ounce.
White wax, V£ ounce.
Sweet almond oil, 1 ounce.
Lanollne, 1 ounce.
Cocoanut oil, 1 ounce.
Tincture of benzoin, 2 drops.
Orange flower water, 1 ounce.
Melt the first live ingredients In a por
celain kettle. When thoroughly incor
porated remove from the fire and" add the
benzoin and orange flower water, stir
ring rapidly until cold. Put In little
white jars. I know of nothing better in
the way of a Bkin whitener than cucum
ber milk, made after this recipe: Oil of
sweet almonds, 4 ounces; fresh cucumber
juice (.boiled), 10 ounces; white castile
soap. ] 4 ounce. Dissolve in 3 ounces of
essence of cucumbers and 1-20 ounce of
simple tincture of benzoin. Cut the cu
cumbers in small pieces, neither peeling
nor removing the seeds, and pour on just
enough water to start them to cooking.
When cooked soft and mushy strain
through a piece of muslin. You can make
the essence yourself by taking one and
one-half ounces of alcohol and one and
one-half ounces of the boiled cucumber
juice. Add to this your castile soap and
let it stand for several hours until the
soap has entirely dissolved. Then put in
the cucumber juice which is strained and
cold. Shake well so that all are thor
oughly mixed and then add oil of sweet
almonds and the benzoin, stirring for
some time. Put in a bottle and shako
well brfnre vising. Apply it at night, let
tine It dry on the skin and rinsing away
in tepid water the following morning.
The natural arsenic In the cucumber
makes this a splendid face bleach, and the
beauty of it is that it is perfectly harm
less. For answer to your third question
read answer to Loleta in Sunday Call of
August 7.
OATMEAL LOTION.
Two tablespoonfuls fine oatmeal.
Boil and strain. When cold ad« 1:
One dessertspoonful of wine (white Rhine
preferred) and the juice of one lonian.
The oatmeal will give nourishment, (he
wine will remove the greasy appearance
and the lemon will whiten. Or. you might
try first, the plain oatmeal vater, which
Is spoken of in my reply to A [friend.
JUSTINE V— As you did not give me
your address I could not send person;:.!
reply. I always object to recommending
anything with which to dye the hair or
the eyebrows. It gives one such an un
cleanly, vulgar appearance, and yet I
know that dark, heavy brows do add to
one's good looks. Walnut dye is often
used for the purpose, but it is very apt
to stain the- skin. I think I should pre
fer the gallnut wash, which has been used
for many ages by the Moorish women.
Here is the formula: Gallnuts, 12>-> grams;
sulphate of iron, 2Vi grams; water, 7o
grams. Boil the nuts for half an hour.
Strain through fine muslin and add iron.
Boil and reduce two-thirds. Keep well
corked and apply with a small brush,
taking care not to let the liquid touch the
skin or get into the eyes.
HELENE-I do not believe that lano
ltne will induce a growth of hair on the
face more than any oth*r oily substance.
If you like you can increase the amount
of benzoin to ten or fifteen drops. I
would not advise more than the latter
amount. Moles vary so in character that
I always think it is best to consult a phy
.sician 'or a skilled dermatologist before
treating them. However, I think yours
can be removed by the application of a
strong acid. This will form a scab over
the mole, which in a short time will fall
off. taking the mole with it. I would
NEW IDEA FOR A PRETTY COLLARETTE
rather not publish the name of the acid,
as great care is necessary in using it,
but If you Will send mo a stamped ad
dressed* envelope I will tell It to you.
A FRIEND— Pure lemon juice will re
move the stains from the finger nails. By
"thick flesh under the nail" I .presume you
mean the callous skin that comes from
the use of the file. Friction with a piece
of pumice stone or an emery board will,
In time, remove this.
To soften and whiten the hands, wash
them in oatmeal water. Take some good
oatmeal, boil it in water for an hour,
strain and use the liquid to wash with
night and morning. For an oily, sallow
skin there is nothing better than a good
toilet vinegar. Here is a simple one that
is easily made:
One ounce dried rose leaves: one-half
pfrit white wine vinegar; one-half pint
rosewater. Pour the vinegar on the rose
leaves ar.d let stand for a week. Strain
and add the rosewator. This is also very
good to put on your face before applying
powder. Never use soap on the face just
before using a vir.egar.
MARGARET-If the pores are inclined
to be large, the treatment you refer to
might have a slight tendency to increase
their size, although I have never known
of its having had that effect. \on might
try the following freckle lotion before tr>
ing th.c paste If you have any doubts
about it: ,
Three grains borax, five drams rose
water, five drams orange flowr water.
Great care is always necessary after
using any freckle remover in order to pre
vent a new crop frnm din-eloping. Ine
skin is made more susceptible to wind and
sun nrrl so needs extra protection.
"UONA— Yes, the fine hairs will return
after pulling tnem out wun prepared
chalk, and the operation will have to be
repeated. They may and they may not
come In thicker than before. There is ab
solutely no sure way of ridding one's face
of superfluous hairs except by the use of
electricity, and even this is not always
successful, for unless the hair bulb is en
tirely killed it will grow again. And In,
the case of fine hairs or fuzz the opera
tion would be too trying and tedious for
even the strongest nerves. Most oils hay©
a tendency to stimulate the growth of
the hairs, olive oil particularly. The cold
cream that I gave recipes for will not
cause the hairs to grow. It is the animal
fats used in the cheaper creams that
bring about that heartrending result.
Witch hazel should not cause th^ pores
to enlarge, and if your skin is particularly
sensitive dilute it one-third. If not. it can
be used pure. Use it only on the nose, un
less the rest of the face is red also. No,
cornstarch is not injurious to the skin.
M. D.— l think there is a thimble-shaped
appliance which is worn on the ends of
the fingers to give them the desired taper,
but I do not know where this can be got,
nor. in fact, if you can find it here. Pinch
ing the ends of the fingers may have th«
desired effect. MME. HYGEIA.
USES OF
INSERTION.
HOTHING sets better upon cloth
than insertion. This comes by the
yard in all colors and costs from
$1 50 per yard upward. It is wide
and a yard goes a gTeat way upon the
dress.
An old cloth dress can be made very at
tractive indeed with Insertion. Now that
it is no longer the fashion to have a plain
skirt, a plain, deep band of the .nsertioil
which rises to a point in the back can be
set around the foot of the skirt and
should it be desired plain little fans of
chiffon or mull can lie set in.
YOUR CHOICE
IN DRESSES.
THIS dress can be made so that It
will cost $SO, or you can get it up
for $8. The materials in case you
want an expensive dress are: Five
yards of the newest impoTtatlon of grena
dine, which comes at $4 50 per yard; two
yards of heavy white satin, which is to
be set under the box plaited border of the
overdress, and a width of Persian silk
for the front of the dress. You will need
as many Inches of Persian silk as the
skirt is long. One width will make tha
vest and front panel. Border the Grecian
squares with silk braid and line the en
tire dress with oil-boiled tart ta.
To get this up for $8 buy: Six yards of
crcpon at 50 cents a yard, forty inches of
shot silk for the front. Instead of silk
braid use baby ribbon around the squares
and in place of heavy white satin under
the squr.res use China silk. The shot silk
is used for a panel and vest instead of
the Persian silk.
In one case the dress is made of grena
dine, Persian silk, white satin and silk
braid and is silk lined.
In the other the same effect is produced
with crepon. shot silk, China silk and ba
by ribbon- and percnline for lining.
NEW STYLES
HAIR DRESSING.
SOCIETY is divided this summer be
tween French and English hair
dressing. French hair dressing is
pompadour. The hair, if not nat
urally curly, is puffed over the forehea*
and around the face, after which it 13
brought up into a big knot on the top of
the head. For evening it is decorated
with narrow ribbon and sprays of silk
perfumed flowers.
The English coiffure, on the other hand,
begins by parting the hair in the middle.
It is puffed on each side of the part and
is draped in such a way as to form a big
knot low in the nape of the neck. This
gives a low forehead and covers the ears
becomingly.
It will be noticed that moat of the new
styles of hair dressing are 30 arranged
as to cover the ears, after the fashion
by Cleo do Merode.
2728
EDWIN A. ABBEY, THE AMERICAN ARTIST AND ILLUSTRATOR, WHO HAS JUST
BEEN ELECTED A MEMBER OF THE ROYAL ACADEMY.
PENELOPE'S PROGRESS.
By Kate DouQ^as Wig
IT will be no new news to reading
Americans that they can find a de
lightful cicerone for tnelr wander
ings about Hn-at Britain in th< per
son of Mrs. Biggs— or Mrs. Wiggin, as
her publishers prefer to call her. in a
confusing style that is undeniably con
venient; and she has been too kindly re
ceived by her English public to leave It
doubtful that there are many Scottish
readers vrhp will now
rtunity "to see themselves as Lthers
see them." Surely they cannot but be
■ charming
as P< nelope, Francesca and
Salemina displaying a familiarity with
• their ancient ballads and an
for Bonn!" Prii cc I Iharlie hardly •
by Mr. iilack's ueroine*— to say nothing
of their brave determination to master
all the intricacies of the vernacular
tongue. It is true that boooks of thin
type, with their at sustained hu
mor, are always a little difficult to read
■with a constantly unwearied mind; and
■when they proceed from feminine sources,
like this and Airs Cotes' "American trirl
In London," there is about them a certain
haunting sprightliness— the phrase is Ste
venson's, and he applies It to the contem
porary feminine — which mitkes them bet
ter not read through at a sitting.
Per*-lone. however, the narrator of
these North British experiences, Is wise
In not trying to b« too continuously
sprightly. She can interject, here and
there, tender and pathetic passages which
relieve the reader; and there are a num
ber of ways in which she smiws a fine in
sight not only into the minds of ><;r sex
and nation but into regions that lie t>r,
vond One bit in nartlcular, the chapter
whi'-h describes the trio "playing Six
Patrick Spens" with some utterly capti
vating children, shows a penetration into
FRATERNAL NEWS
THE EASTERN STAR.
Mrs. Cora Porter, worthy grand mat
ron; Grand Patron Rowe, Grand Secre
tary Mrs. Willats and the grand organ
ist." paid B visit to Carita Chapter in Ala
meda last week and were well pleased
with the work of the chapter. On Fri
day last the worthy grand matron vis
ited Unity Chapter at West Oakland.
Oak Leaf chapter gave a party in Ma- j
ponic Hall in Oakland on last Thursday
night.
Carita Chapter gave a flag social at the
residence of Mrs. F. J. Fletter on Cen
tral avenue. Alameda, lapt Saturday, and
a pleasing programme was presented.
Oakland Chapter will give a midsum
mer entertainment and hop in Masonic
Hall. Oakland, on the 2Gth Inst.
During this week the grand matron will
visit as follows: Calistoga. Napa, Va
llejo Sonoma and Santa Rosa. The fol
lowing week she will visit Healdsburg.
Lakeport, Ukiah, Cloverdale and Peta
lumn.
The General Grand Chapter will meet
In Washington, D. C, on the 27th of the
current month.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
At the meeting of Cosmopolitan Lodge
on Wednesday night there was work in
the initiatory degree and it was well per
formed. '
Last Tuesday night District Deputy I.
E. Jarrett consolidated the membership
of Myrtle Lodge with that of Occidental
Lodge in the presence of a large number
of people. After the ceremony which
made the two lodges one there was, un
der the direction of Louis Kragen, pre
sented a varied programmme of enter
tainment, which kept the audience, to
gether until it was time to catch the last
car.
One of the most enterprising fraternal
Journals published in this State at this
time is the California Odd Fellow, issued
from the press at Sacramento. It is de
voted to the news of the order, carefully
presented and is not confined to the local
lodges, but to the entire jurisdiction. One
of the publishers is Grand Warden J. L.
Robinet, who is a very active member of
the order, one who is always seeking to
advance its interests not only through his I
paper, but by personal effort.
The banquet that followed the meeting
of the relief committee last Sunday was
a very enjoyable affair. There was an ex
cellent menu and then there were re
sponses to toasts submitted by J. A. Wil
son, the new president of the board, who
acted as chairman. "The Past— Looking
Backward," was responded to by L. L.
Remy, the retiring president; "Relief
Boards Outside of San Francisco," Grand
Warden Robinet, who is president of the
Sacramento Board; "Odd Fellows In Odd
Fellowship." John H. Gray; "The Beau
ties of Odd Fellowship," Past President
W. A. Lv Nicholson; "Friendship," Past
President A. J. Doyle; "The Finance Com
mittee," H. H. Dobbins; "The Widows
and Orphans." Vice-President A. G.
Clark; "Things in General," Louis Kra
gon, the retiring treasurer. Then followed
remarks by Dr. Regensburger, his son,
who is noble grand of Bay City Lodge,
Messrs. Weiser, Marchant, Edmonds and
not least. Secretary W. P. Nichols, whose
address was one of the most modest ever
delivered at a gathering of that character.
One of the features of the meeting be
fore the banquet was the presentation by
Dr. Regensburger, the retiring vice-presi
dent, to Louis Kragen, the retiring treas
urer, who after two years' service refused
to serve another term. There were five
parcels, each containing articles that were
more noticeable for their usefulness than
their intrinsic worth. The presentation
address was a most eloquent one. The af
fair, to use the language of the day, took
the recipient "off nis feet," and his re
ply was expressed !n two words.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will give a Dewey
Social to-morrow night and the ladles who
have charge of the function will present a
fine programme of dances. .
MANCHESTER UNITY.
Loyal Mission Lodge of the Odd Fel
lows, Manchester Unity, was Instituted
last Tuesday night In Mission Opera
"Golden Age" habits of thought not often
found in mere Olympians. Whether amid
the gaj eties of Edinburgh for th© first
half of the book, or buried for the second
in the Ka-st Xcuk of Fifa, the three fair
Americans have enough amusing aJve.i
ture* Interspersed with properly roman
tic love passages, to reward those who
pursue them to their appointed and emi
nently satisfactory end. Never again will
Prancesca walk "In maiden meditation,
fancy free"; and the sound of Penelope's
t. bells is hearc \n the last pages.
M.i . they live happily over after!— The
"Penelope's Projrres». w Published by
hum. Mifflli & Co.
SPAIN IN HISTORY.
By Professor James A. Harrison.
Of all the so-called civilized countries
the history of Spain is the least known to
thi genera] reader. The principal rea.=>>n
his Is the lack of good histories by
the people themselves.
The present war has naturally whetted
the public appetite for historical narra
tives of Spain and the Spanish pp. .pie. If
we except the periods of Spanish history
dealt with by Presctt. Washington Ir
ving and Motley, little If known of the
anr.als of the nation or of the pic
turesque features and great natural re-
Bources of the Iberian Peninsula. One of
the most interesting of works, covering
the whole field of Spanish history, is that
entitled, "Spain in History." Of Spain's
future no writer, of course, can do more
than hazard an opinion, which subsequent
events may or may not justify. The im
mediate prospect Is ominous, with a finan
cially crippled exchequer and a nation of
mutinous and distrustful people, without
a great leader. The gravity of the case
(to quote from the book) obviously coun
sels discretion, but discretion in not a
Spanish virtue, and it ill consorts with
Spanish pride. Did she but heed the
voice of her best friends Spain would
make haste, while there is time, to mend
Hall. The ceremonies were conducted by
J. T. Wild. D.D., assisted by T. W. God
card, P. G., and a degree team from Cali
fornia Lodge. After the ceremony of in
stitution the following officers were in
stalled for the term: Frederick L. Grif
fith, N. G.; Walter H. Jones. V. G.; G. A.
Mauheran, F. S.; Victor C. Turrell. R. S. ;
James W. Murphy, T. ; A. H. Goddard. L.
M.; J. A. Born, physician; W. C. Foster,
S. G. West and J. A. Born, trustees. Aft*«
the exemplification of initiation and the
conferring of the first decree there was a
banquet, where there was a good time
and toasts and responses. The principal
speakers were: T. W. Wild, D. D. ; T. \V.
Gnddard, E. Potter. George Filbert, past
grands; F. L. Griffiths. P. G. ; Dr. J. A.
Born, and W. H. Jones, V. G. The ban
quet committee, consisting- of J. W. Mur
phy. W. T. Worthington. H. Plath, S. G.
West and F. L. Griffith, was highly
praised for the splendid spread it pre
pared. The new '.cdpe starts out with a
good charter list, and it will no doubt
meet with all the success that the char
ter members wish for It. A degree team
Is being organized to compete with the
team of Camornla Lodge.
THE NATIVE DAUGhi'ERS.
Orlnda Parlor will give its ninth anni
versary ball on the evening of the 23d
inst. In Native Sons' Hall. The affair
will be strictly invitational, and the com
mittee that hag charge of it promises as
fine a function as was ever given by this
very enterprising parlor.
On the night of the 6th infit., there was
an exemplification of the new ritual be
fore the members <>f Alta Parlor in the
presence of such a large audience that
Shasta Hall, the largest in the Native
Sons' building was not ample enough to
hold all who wished to witness the work.
Those who exemplified the work were
Miss Agnes MeCreery, as president: Mrs.
M. E. Tinman acting as past president: Mrs.
Genevieve Baker as first vice. Mrs. E. An
derson as third vice. Mrs. Lillian Carlie
as second vice, and Miss Lizzie Douglass
as marshal. The work was given in the
most perfect manner, and as an object
lesson, it was one of the most beautiful
that has ever been presented to members
of the order. Among the many visitors
there were members of the order from in
terior parlors and from all of the local
parlors. After the ceremony, the mem
bers of the parlor resolved themselves In
to a committee of the whole and served
refreshments and ice cream to all present.
The officers of Yosemite Parlor were in
stalled by Deputy Mrs. Thierbach. assist
<•<! by Mrs. Georgie C. Ryan, Mrs. Lena B.
Mills, Mrs. Dr. Boldeman, Mrs. C. A.
Boldeman and Miss Creigh.
Grand Secretary Mrs. Georgie C. Ryan
has received and is now sending out the
proceedings of the twelfth annual session
of the Grand Parlor held at Wo.idland last
June. The book makes 192 pages and is a
careful compilation of all that was done
at the session and shows a exeat deal of
labor in its preparation.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Special Deputy R. F. Wells instituted
Florence Lodge No. 357 of Los Angeles
County on the 4th Inst., with a charter
list of thirty-four. Great credit is due
Deputy Wells for being bo persistent in
his work.
Valley Lodge No. 30 proposes to make
its next Quarterly entertainment, which
occurs on the evening of the 31st inst.,
the most successful ever given by that
popular lodge.
The proceeds of the performance at the
Alcazar Thrater for the evenings of the
29th, 30th and 31st are to be In the nature
of a benefit for the Past Masters' Asso
rlatlon "of this city. It Is expected that
every member who has the Interest of the
order at heart will be present with his
family. The Past Masters' Association
Is a valuable factor In t"he work of the
order.
Grand Master Workman Bahrs paid a
short visit to the Grand Recorder's office
last week, and returned immediately to
Castle Crag for the benefit of his health,
which has been (seriously Impaired during
the last month.
The Supreme Lodge haa issued a war
relief call, which is levied in this Juris
diction for the current month of 50 cents
for each full-rate beneficial member and
THE SAN FKANCIBCO CALL, SUNDAY, AVGT76T 14, IS3S.
LATEST BOOKS ON THE SHELF.
her ways, resigning her colonies, which
notoriously she has no sifts for managing,
concentrate her energies to the task of
developing the great resource* of the rich
peninsula in which her real greatness lies.
Tho Werner Company, Akron, Ohio.
Price ?1 50. ■■
THE LION OF JANINA.
A wild and whirling dream of Oriental
grorg-eouspcus arid nil venture Is "The Lion
of Jp.nina," but, unlike must such dreams,
It is a little tedious. Pellon is piled upon
Ossa until the brain reels and one stands
dazed before the author's fertility and
recklessness. "And so it chanced that
the sons of All, like the Princes in a fairy
tale, suddenly and marvelously came into
possession of great richer and were wise
enough to profit by these riohee in the
merriest manner in the -world." That is a
characteristic fragment. Jokai deals with
beings presumably real, but they move
In an atmosphere too varicolored for axiy
thir.g but fairyland, ;uid while there are
touches of human nature in the book, we
fear that the oniy way to get pleasure
from it is to abandon one's self to its
barbaric splendors as to a chapter from
the "Arabian Nights." Jokai raises, of
course, the enchantment of that immortal
collection of tales, but he has caught Its
note of Eastern lavlshness.
THE LION OF JAXINA; < >X, THE LAST
DATS OF THE JANISSARIKS— A Turkish
novel. By llaurus Jokai. Translated to' v.
Niabet Rain. Harper & Bros.
EDWIN ABBEY'S GOOD FOR T UNE.
Eitv.in A. Abbey, whose work is as
hlg-nly appreciated in England as in Amer
GEORGE MOOF^E.
Portrait by Manet From Modern Paintings Caricature by Mr. Beerbohm.
2n cents for each half-rate beneficial
member. The assessment Is to be
levied and collected in '.he same manner
and under the same laws, rules and regu
lations as ordinary assessment? for the
beneficiary fund; and should the amount
realized from the assessment be ex
hausted and the emergency still exist on
the first day of any month thereafter,
then the relief board may, under the
authority granted, make upon the Grand
Lodpes a further call for a like amount.
Special Deputy Imos is in Sacramento,
working to increase the membership
there. As he is an earnest worker he
will no doubt make a substantial show-
ing.
Special Deputy Maplesden If. working in
Sierra and Plumas counties, localities
i heretofore uneanvassed.
Deputy Grand Master Workman E.
I Danforth is spending a two weeks' vaca
tion in the vicinity of Lake Tahoe.
The degrees were, conferred on seven
I candidates In Valley Lodge last Wednes
! day night In a very creditable manner.
; This shows that the members in old \ al
i ley are wakins up. There are nine appli
cations to be acted upon at the next meet
! ing.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
After the work of initiation in Ivy
Lodge last Wednesday the attraction
committee, consisting of Mesdames Co
gan. Van Court and Hodges, and Misses
Littlefleld and Julia Jaeobson. presented
a patriotic programme, which included
"The Star Spangled Banner," Mrs. L.
Holmes; "The Birth of the Flag." Mra.
Van Court; vocal solo, "Columbia," Miss
A. Littlefleld; "Barbara Fritchie," a reci
tation, Jujia Jaeobson; whistling solo,
Mrs. Eva Cogan. The audience sang
"America," and when the curtains on the
platform were drawn there was present
ed a beautiful tableau, witn Mrs. Hodges
in the character of the goddess of lib
erty. At the close of the programme
each person present was presented a pa
triotic souvenir. '
Mrs Nellie Johnson, recorder of No. <a,
at Ukiah. and Miss A. M. York, recorder
of No 60 of Healdsburg. paid a visit to
the office of the grand recorder last
Wlvy"W Ivy" Lodge paid a surprise visit last
week to Silver Star Lodge at Temescal.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Last Monday a new camp was Institu
ted in Oakland with twenty-six charter
members. Wednesday a new camp was
instituted in Los Angeles with fifty char
ter members.
On the 15th an entertainment will be
given by Calumet Camp, this city.
On the 17th San Francisco Camp will
hold a log-rolling.
On the 20th a new camp will be insti
tuted at Richmond Hall, corner Fourth
avenue and Clement streets.
The board of head managers will con
vene in Oakland on the ISth.
The following is the entertainment pro
gramme during the Head Camp session:
Monday evening. August 22, reception and
ball at N. S. G. W. Hall; Wednesday,
excursion around the bay, and in the
evening exemplification of the amplified
work by a team of Oakland Camp No. 91.
Thursday evening, banquet at California
Hotel; Saturday, picnic and reunion of
all camps around the bay. at San Lor
enzo grove: Sunday, carriage drive to the
park and Cliff House.
NATIONAL UNION.
There was a good attendance at the
session of Pacific Council on tho Gth inst.
on the occasion of the official visit of the
San Francisco Cabinet. After a welcome
to the council by President Bunting and
the disposition of routine business there
was an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where there was served a collation and
no liquid refreshments except coffee. Dur
ing the evening the company was enter
tained with a vocal solo by C. Shallon
berger, comic songs and recitations by
Barney Reynolds, from the Chutes; bary
tone solo, C. L. Taylor; address by F.
H. Hastings, president of the cabinet;
vocal solo. President Van Orden «f Cali
fornia Council; address, President Arter
of Golden Gate Council; specialties, J. M.
Semaria; instrumental selection, A. fi.
Herzog; vocal solo, J. J. Menzies, who
was the chairman of the evening; re
marks, A. Pallies and E. H. Hills; af
ter which M. M. Shonberg favored with
a violin solo and then the entire company
lea, has just been elected a Royal Aca
demician; he had been an Associate for
fioveral years.' .Mr. Harold Frederic says
that this is not altogether pleasing to cer
tain English painters who have been over
looked, and "a certain powerful group or
critics of art and literature" who do not
like Mr. Abbey or his work. But In ■pita
of all he has won "Simply because he nas
visibly painted the heads off of all his
competitors for the past throe years.
This certainly shows something more than
fairness, then, on the part of Mr. Abbeys
fellow-Academicians, who elect ■•! him to
full honors In spite of all opposition. Mr.
Abbey, by the way, continues to live at
Fairford In Gloucestershire — nne of the
prettiest little vlUages in all England. It
Is vary much like Broadway, Worcester
shire; where he made his first English
home and where Mr. Frank Millet, one of
the colon- of American artists in Eng
land, still lives. An artist who delights in
Shakespearean subjects, as Mr. Abbey
docs, can and' his backgrounds on every
street of Fairford; for sixteenth-century
suggestiveness it may be said to rival
Broadway. Indeed, the latter suggests
Morland. or even Birket Foster, more
than it does the golden a,?e- of Elizabeth.
Mr. Abbey has a beautiful home, with
ample grounds and stattl^ 1 trees and a
lawn such as one sees nownere outside of
England. The only modern thing on Mr.
Abbey's place is the studio— an enormous
building which he and Mr. Sargent share,
and in which they painted their great can
vases for the Boston Public Library.
The Dodge Stationery Co. of Mew i
announces for publication an Important
work on Heraldry of considerable value to
stationers ;<;i't all who are Interested In
the use of Crests and Arms. Unlike other
works on the same subject it will be of a
sang "The Star-spangled Banner." which
brought the pleasant evening's entertain
ment to a clr.se.
Jn the absence of President Aru-r last
Tuesday night W. ii. Healy, the senior
past president, occupied the chair. One
candidate w::s initiated, F. H. Hastings,
president of the cabinet, assisting, giving
the final instructions to the candidate.
The announcement was made that the
cabinet will visit this council on the 13th
of September and a committee was ap
pointed to miiKe arangements for the
event.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
L«"»t Monday night Lincoln Lodge bad
a pleasant party in Washington Hall, af
i ter the close of the meeting, at which one
| candidate wns Initiated. There was a
1 good attendance and a One programme
was offered to maidens, matrons ana gen
tlemen who wished to while away the
hours dancing.
Last Tuesday night the Supreme Lodge
Closed its labors. Mrs. Lynch who had
j been elected as chaplain, tendered her
resignation, which was accepted, and Mrs.
Ida Bl;u kaii was elected to fill the vacan
cy. Then the following named were
elected to complete the corps of supreme
officers: Mrs. L. li. Rinner, warden; Mrs.
E. Kinney, sentry; Mrs. Julia. Miller, mar
shal; and Mrs. Hey mar, guard. Mrs. B.
M. McLane, the supreme president, an.i
the other officers were then installed by
Mrs. A. Boehm, assisted by Mrs. Jeffries
and Cora Wetzell, as marshal an>i warden.
The next Bession will be held in June of
next year.
The entertainment that was given on tho
night of the fith in Maennerbund Hall by
America Lodge to the Supreme Lodge ol
llcers and members of the order was at
tended by a large number ... peoole and
was of a very patriotic character. There
were a variety of numbers which served
to pass away the evening, after which
there was a collation. Dancing was en
joyed until midnight. The committee of
arrangements of which Mr. Elaack was
chairman worked hard to entertain tho
guests and members.
The programme that is to be presented
at the Dewey party that will be given by
Mlzpah Lodge on the 15th Inst., in old
Masonic Hall, at Sixteenth and Valencia
streets, will be of a patriotic character.
Tho decoration committee promises some
thing new in the line of decoration. A
cordial invitation has been extended to
all soldiers who desire to enjoy the hos
pitality of the lodge.
B'NE B'RITH.
The general committee paid an official
visit last week to Golden Gate Lodge and
was well pleased with the showing iun.de.
All the grand officers were present. After
the business was over the members of
the lodge and the visitors went to a res
taurant, where there way a banquet and
a feast of good things, substantial and
oratorical.
On the 17th the general committee will
pay an official visit to Onhlr Lodge, it be
inj,- the occasion of the anniversary of
the I'i'i^e. Arrangements have been made
for the entertainment of those who will
visit the lodge.
The hall association has declared a divi
dend of orie and one-half per cent, being
the second during the current year. The
association has made many improvements
recently in the building.
The ritual for the degree of Judah will
be ready for delivery to the local lodge on
the 24th inst.. and at the same time the
lodge will be given its charter.
AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter on last "Wednes
day night added to its membership b
initiation. Thir- chapter is making ar
rangements for a grand high jinks to b
given in one of the large halls in thi nea
future, and one of the committee an
nounced "several thousand invitation
will be issued, and there- will be a pro
gramme a yard long." it is the inten
tion of the committee to' make this one
of the most attractive high jinks ever
given by a fraternal organization. As
this will be only for the gentlemen of th
guild and their gentlemen friends, ar
rangements will be made for a subst
quent entertainment to be given by th
lady members, and it is possible that, in
view of the fact that they are to be
barred at the high jinks, that they will
get up a Jenny jinks and bar the male
members.
The chapter at Watsonville has within
popular nature, and will present sufficient
information to allow any one to converse
intelligently 'on the subject and avoid the
ludicrous mistakes so frequently made by
those who are imperfectly possessed with
more than a rudimentary knowledge of
the science. The work will have over one
hundred Illustrations and a complete In
dex to the technical terms used In Her
aldry. Price $2.
BOOKS RECEIVED,
ADAMS ANSWER— By 1,. W. Klep
lnger. "Adam Answered," by C. C. Dail.
Both, published in Kansas City by the
authors, are books seeking- for fame in.
the realms of poetry. They will hardly
lind it, as poetry has to be something
more than words. The motives that
prompted the authors to write the books
are not quite apparent.
THE SANITARIAN— Devoted to pri
vate and public health. American News
Company, New York.
THE HOUSE RKAT T TTFT-T J — A publica
tion devoted to art and artisanship. Her
bert Stone Company, Chicago.
THE STORY OF ROB ROY— By Sir
Walter Scott, Bart. Condensed for home
and school reading by Kriith D. Harris.
D. Ap] ■ Co., publishew. For sale
by William Doxey. Price, 6u oent.s.
A WORD TO WOMEN— By Mrs. Hum
phrey. Advice as to what to do and
the pas* two weeks taken in ten mem
bers and received three applications.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
The cup and saucer social given last
' Monday night in the social hall of the
Alcazar was well attended and was a
great success. There were present a large
number of the members of Aurora Lodge
; of the Knights and Ladies of Honor, and
they were accompanied by Mrs. L. J.
Wheelock, the grand protector. Maxwell
].. Crowe, who acted as master of cere
monies, discharged the duties in that
happy manner for which he is noted.
There was a good programme, and at ita
close refreshments were served to all
I present. ,
ihe Past Dictators' Association cele
! brau-d the fourth anniversary of the or
i eanization of that body, in the Alcazar,
on the night of the 6tn inst., and there
waa present a very lar^e number of the
members. Supreme Representatives
Curry and Rourke gave a full account of
the proceedings of the Supreme Lodge,
after which refreshments were serv< a.
The smoker given by Eureka Lodge last
Wednesday was well attended, and there
waa a great deal of enjoyment for all.
! Among the visitors' were: L. Balart, D.
C DR. A. A. Summer. D. D.., and J_s.
E. George, D. D. A good programme was
P> esented. , ....
Far West Lodge was visited on the 4th
tnst by Grand Dictator Archibald, who
was received with a very cordial greeting.
i He addressed the lodge on subjects of In
terest to the membership, and at the close
of the meeting was tendered a vote of
thanks. _ ,
1 Hiring the last term Center Lodge in
itiated twenty-eight members and in ad
dition initiated eighteen during the past
two weeks. This is the most active work
that has been done ly any lodge in the
jurisdiction and it serves to show that
there is no force in the oft-made assertion
"there are no members to be secured for
the lodges." .
The latest issued statistics of the order
show that at the close of last year there
were more members in the order under
the ag< <>f BO than over that age. The
death rate was less than li! per liXK) of the
nit mbership under fifty. It also appears
that the assessment rates In force more
than paid the death claims of members
who died prior to attaining the age of 50,
that they fully paid those who died be
tween 50 and CO. but that the death cla'ma
of members over 60 amounted to $596,830
more than the members of that class paia
in. The average age of membership was
reduced one and one-half years by the
admission of a large number of new mem
bers under the age of 31.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Robin Hood Circle has made arrange
ments for the second entertainment to be
given by the young unmarried ladies. It
will be given on the u-ith inst. As it is to
be a surprise, this committee will not tell
what the nature of the entertainment is
to be. This circle will give an entertain
ment ami dance on the alst Inst.
Diana Circle gave a social in Alaczar
Social Hall last Wednesday ntght, and the
many who attended had a very pleasant
time, as there was K"<>d music and a well
arranged programme of dance.
Inter Nos Circle on last "Wedneseday
concluded its arrangements for the
picnic to be given on the 2Sth of the
current month. The committee on anni
versary ball to be given on the 29th of
September in Union Square Hall, pre
sented a report which showed that there
will be a good social lime on that evening.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
The following- named have been in
stalled as officers of California Circle:
Miss M. Wizard, C. C. ; Miss M. Gee, S. C.
C. ; Miss Rausch, T. ; Miss M. Gevaghety,
F. S. ; Miss Doane, R. S. ; Miss Patten,
R. G. ; Mrs. Perguilllan, L. G. ; Mrs. Hart,
I. G. ; Mrs. Coombs, O. G.
Last Monday the supreme grand officer
paid a fraternal visit to Mazzini Circle
and witnessed the initiation of two can
didates.
The same night John Falconer, P. G.
IC, and District Deputy Mrs. Sadie
th Installed the officers of Violet
le.
i.st Friday the new circle in Oakland
instituted by all th* supreme grand
ers. The i lroie starts with a charter
of forty-five,
le Old Glory party to be given by
al Lodge will be on the evening of
Thursday, the 2'; th inst. Elaborate prep
arations have been made to make this a
great success.
POSTER DESIGN FOR KATE DOUGLASS WIGGIN'S NEW BOOK.
The colors are all in the bright hues of Scotch plaid.
what not to do, by a woman who knows
whereof she speaks. F. Mansfield, New
York. For sale by William Doxey. Price,
50 cents.
The frontispiece of the August Open
Court is a half-tone portrait of the
French philosopher, Rene Descartes. The
portrait is accompanied by a biographi
cal sketch of Descartes, containing ex
tracts from a forthcoming work on "The
History of French Philosophy," by M.
Levy-Bruhl, professor in the College de
France. Finally, Theodore Stanton has an
article on the "Social Museum of Paris,"
which was founded by the Count Ctaam
brun. The Open Court Publishing Com
pany, Chicago. t
...,'ITA. THE CUBAN SPY— By Gilson
Willets. F. Tennyson Neely.
ÜBB 88 tX. 88 88 88 II 88882J2 Si 88 52 22
BOOK NOTES.
"The Californjans," by Gertrude Ath
erton. a companion volume to "American
Wives and English Husbands," will be is
sued in September by John Lame, and
nut by Dodd, Mead & Co., as has been aa
LAST STAND OF
NORWEGIAN DAN
SEEING the Oregon boys starting
to war take." me back to the
time, more than forty years
ago, when the fathers of some
of these men were also called
to shoulder a gun, but their
fighting was done on our own
shores and against an enemy that
didn't observe military tactics," re
marked an old pioneer and former resi
dent of the "webfoot" State.
"I know what such fighting means
myself, for I settled in that country,
when from Washington Territory
down to Port Orford was one vast
stretch of wilderness. In fact I was
one of the party who selected the site
for Port Orford in 1851.
"We adventurers were lured there by
the discovery of the long stretch of
auriferous sands at Gold Bluff. Our
party numbered eighteen men, but af
ter remaining some months, provisions
ran short and half of the men returned
to Portland for supplies.
"After their departure the Indians
began to show signs of hostility, so we
made up our minds to mo/c ou- camp
upon what is known as Battle Rock,
a fort that was planned when God
farmed the country. Th^ place show
ed three precipitous sides of solid gran
ite, fifty feet high toward the ocean,
and could only be reached by a natu
ral causeway from land.
"We barricaded the accessible point
as best we could, leaving a porthole
for our bfl'ass field piece — a six pounder.
Necessity compelled us to load it with
Btones, slugs and scraps of iron, and
we filled her to the muzzle. A good
charge was then put into every rirte
in camp, an ' we prepared for the
worst.
"The very next day a body of fully
1000 warriors swept down upon us.
They were the Rogue River, Coquille
and Umpqua tribes who had combined
to drive us from the country.
"They were fully armed with bows
and arrows, and made themselves
more formidable by giving vent to
their hair-raising war whoops.
"Afraid? Well, remember there were
only nine of us against a thousand
braves, and in loading our gun we had
exhausted our supply of ammunition to
two rounds of rifle and pistol charges.
One of our number was a Tennes
eeean who had seen something of fight
ing. We made him our commander. He
was able to persuade the excited men
to reserve their fire until the painted,
whooping fiends were within a few
yards of us, coming on pellmell without
apparent order or discipline.
"When we could see their snaky eyes
gleam through the barricade of brush
wood and small tree trunks the gun
was touched off and th<? deadly hail
of iron and stones sent among them.
We followed this up by giving them
the contents of pistols and rifles. The
unexpected din of firearms as well as
the destructive rain of missiles com
pletely swept away the Indians.
"Many of them in the scramble to
get away fell upon the rocks below and
were dashed to pieces; others plunged
head foremost into the ocean and were
drowned.
"We never stopped to count the dead,
being intent only on getting away. We
made up our minds that there was lit
tle show for nine provisionless, ammu
nitionless men in a country swarming
with hostile Indians.
"We were several weeks In getting
nounced. Mrs. Atherton's "American
Wives " etc., is by far her best work aa
yet and it is said that "The Californi
ans" will not disappoint those who are
interested in her decided progress.
The new biography of Charles Dickens
with which Mr. Thomas Wright of Ol
ney has been busy for several years is
to be published in the autumn. There
may be" room for another life of the nov
elist, but it is to be wished that a more
competent biographer had undertaken it.
Sew ral heretofore uncollected articles
by Dickens are to be included in tho
forthcoming volume of the Gadshill edi
tion. An article on "Young Gentle|n< n
to appear therein was written by him as
a protest against an article by son.
else. "Sketches of Young Ladies," which
he once happened to read.
The book on "Dickens and His Illus
trators, 1 ' upon which Mr. T. G. Kitton
has- been engaged, will soon be brought
out. It is to contain, it is said, nearly
a hundred plates, consisting of collotype
fac-simlles of original designs for the
illustrations, while a portrait of the nov
ist will form. the; frontispiece^ -It.- is frum
a lithograph by an American artist, r
Forty years ago the tirst missionary
was eaten on the Fiji Islands.
to Portland, as our journey through the
wouds at such a time was necessarily
slow and attended by many hardships.
"With misplaced faith in the wealth
contained in the sand, 1 went back tv
Port Orford after the establishment of
troops at that point, and knew most
of those unfortunate settlers who are
mentioned Li Northern frontier history
as victims of the Rogue River massa
cre of 1856.
"1 talked with Ben Wright, the sub-
Indian agent, a few days before he was
tortured to death by the Chetcos, and
he declared that he was not in the
least afraid of his hostile neighbors.
" Jennie,' said he, alluding to his
squaw, who a day or two afterward
inveigled him to his death, "Jennie
will warn me against any treachery.
The chief of the Wiilamettes has of
,fened fifty ponies for my scalp, but I
guess he'll keep them awhile yet,' and
he laughingly shook the long, curly,
black hair, which he boasted was worn
in that manner to defy the Indians.
The very day that Wright, unknown
to us, was undergoing the death tor
tures, Jennie came into the settlement
and gathered un for removal all their
portable belongings, explaining to me,
when I inquired for Ben, that he had
sent her for their clothing as they
were going to attend a big pow-WOW
given by a peaceful tribe.
"Another Indian victim was old Nor
wegian Dan, whose cabin stood at the
mouth of the river Sixes, and in which
I have had many a smoke and listened
to many a yarn. Dan had sailed sev
eral times around the world, and under
many different flags. In proof of hav
ing figured In several naval engage
ments, he showed sears of cuts innum
erable.
"He well deserved his reputation for
being a unique character, and his ec
centricities were so marked as to be
chronicled in a magazine article of the
period, written by a, young traveler
whom I met the year previous to the In
dian outbreak and the old sailor's
death. One writer related to me his
personal knowledge of Dan with great
amusement. ?'V^*V '
v,«'i Th ab L of old Dan contained raw
hide beds but no luxuries, and was in
conceivably dirty. Rut elk steaks were
usually to be had there in abundance
and a brown jug made its appearance
just at the desired moment, so that VhS
cabin at the Sixes was a favorite'stop
pins: place for the male traveler.  .
V hen the young 1 man and his com
panion rode up and called out for shel
ter, Dan who had retired, shouted back
his usual challenge; to strangers: 'Aro
you Coos Bay people? 1
"Thinking he might have a decided
preference for the inhabitants of that
vicinity the young tenderfoot an
swered cheerfully, 'Yes.' But he learned
his mistake, when with a volley of sea
bred oaths Dan ordered them off the
premises. • ' -
Dan left his cabin at the beginning
of the outbreak and went to the fort
built at the mouth of Rogue Riv^r. in
tending to help the settlers gathered
there.
"With a number of others he was
outside the fort one day, when their
return was cut off by a large band of
Indians.
"Seeing the utter hopelessness of his
position, old Dan rushed into the surf.
Standing waist deep he tired his last
round of ammunition, then hurled hi?
usf-less rifle far out into the sea and
stood with folded arms, defiantly wait
ing for the bullet that should send hi i
to rest beneath the waves.COMEDY, OPERA AND VAUDEVILLE
v".-."lfTi|ftltE6lCTlNCl the public reception of
. LJ-a.\new play and prophesying the fu
"■'.|T.- '..turfc 'cf- a budding actor or actress
;■'.+ ■ are'- -about as dangerous feats of
nZ.-as can be engaged in.
: : Mark' Thall. the kindly and genial ge-
Vr.iui ;tv ho' -presides over the destinies of
th£' ALcazar, and who has spent the ffood
.rant 6r;-a- lift-time in providing entertain
■'••iri«?hf. (ov : the music-loving public, does
■■no'fpfct .liimfielf up as a dramatic prophet,
. :.buf he Uncertainly entitled to the credit
. of- possessin'K unusual perspicacity in dis
, 'cpy'ering";-genuine talent where other
• sthre^-d managers overlook it. His record
in this.li.rie fnot only proves the assertion,
.but i'a-.of- particular Interest
r •: ;. Julia- Arthur, she of the velvety skin,
the ga"zell«Tlike eyes, the sweetly aerlous
•.minherra::^' the .lissome figure, Is one of
V those -for whom he, in the days of her
- DbßCUrtty,; predicted a brilliant future.
1 Sh"e ; bWe*tq him her first real start in
Vh.er. v«ry. successful histrionic career, and
■■Jhciden-taliy- she is indebted to him for
that"^millionaire husband of hers.
\ -Mr. Thall-'" became reminiscent the other
. day /.and in relating some of his experi
:chc;eb,-.sa4d': •
• : AT?oiit;.twelve years ago Miss Arthur
raine out here, from tne East ™*th a com
•pani;-which-.on account of poor business
went to Pieces and left her stranded here
Ln-.^an Francisco. She was a young
..thing," . then, unformed and inexperi
enced-; hd.d. played only in minor parts,
;.:::■,.;■-••; ' amusements.
■••'•:•'■•• '■■: '^' m i_ San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1887
■7. :•..: ='.'•■ . ';!.. v-. "\at a LXER ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
■ :■■:---:--:---::-:-:WEEH: ■■ : --- : -- : ---: : - : -:WEEH COMMENCING MONDAY, AUGUST ISTH.
'■■/ e^W, BRIGHT, PARTICULAR STARS FROM THE VAUDEVILLE FiRMAMENT-Q
;. X"^ ■•;•.. • V;- ■; ' • Extraorlinary Engagement of the lemons Operatic Star,
lVfiVfR a M AETE A TAVASY
i?JL i!i -♦• X»J JIxJLLX Jj *** *JL JL \ 2.JLJLV JL
.. .". •-:.,•.;."■.■••■ • The Prim* Donna of Tw« Oontlnent«.
•a.iijrjwcHar- tt c...... THREE HEGELM ANNS
Th. MmiUa of th. Nineteenth Century, UlUj ± ±I J-V-UJJ XXU\A J-IXIXTXXi.J.I X^ Kf
° -.J*«ieirl 4ts«ribaHyTlirillia B Aerial Act. This great act will »at be 'hm •Uawluri in America than at
•.".-. :• . the Orphtnm. -
- :; BONNIE THORNTON,
.'..;. •• {. The Dresden Doll, ib Song* Written for Her by the Famoa» Antaor, Jaata Thornton.
SYDNEY GRANT AND MISS NORTON,
■;>. : : ■ • •■;• . In a Versatile Drawing-Boom Ittterlnao.
.. • McBRIDE AND GOODRICH, V ° t r!>ancers.
•V; .ULLIAN BUR KH ART AND COMPANY. . .
'. - :\: \ • . .. • ' . . Presenting Her New and Dainty Comedietta. "A Tasting Fanoy.
JAMES THORINTON, The Pri TftlMoßOlotueT f tl MoBOlotue
: . O'BRIEN and BUCKLEY, I . .SISTERS MACARTE..
■';■■' :■■■ •• . .Mniieal Comiquei. I Brett New Act
Parquet ' 2 ?io2r%?tiS?! Children
• ■* • ALHAMBRA • 3- ACRODATIC WONDERS, Japan's most Skills^
•• i » / ..." #1 1- „, i Bilßn^ers JUKRIer» and Acrobats; DARRMLI*
•I Saitutday, September 8d J : 4 miller. Rockwell, kotcb sisters
♦•***>**•***********• I and other.. Admission fr<*. Matinee Sunday.
AT THE THEATERS.
-d was so diffident as to be unfitted to
. k<- her way in the world. She had no
rriends here and little money and so she
haunted the theaters and tried to per
suade the different managers to let her
iiave some little chance, but none of th'-m
would give her an engagement or any en
couragement to hope for one. I believed
in the dowdily dressed Rirl. but could not
help her to an engagement. However,
she kept coming around, and finally tne
ruence which proved to be the foundation
of her fortune came.
"The Wilber Dramatic Company, a 10,
■>0 and 30 cent show, then storming the
country towns, wired me for a leading
lady I sent Miss Arthur at $15 a week.
The next I heard of the girl was when
Wilber walked into my otttce and tnrew
a $20 po!d piece on my desk.
" 'I owe you that and more for sending
me such a jewel,' he said. 'She's the best
all" round little girl that I ever saw. and
.she's been a regular godsend to the out
"I was not much surprised at her suc
cess and compromised on a hat, which
I wore with just pride. Soon after that,
through Wilber. Miss Arthur's talento
were brought to th# attention of A. M.
Palmer, and from that time her career
W Ada a Tew£'of "tough girl" fame is an
other young woman in whom Mr. Thall
descried unusual capabilities before any
on.- else took the trouble to notice her
at "f 'first saw her about ten years laßo/;
hp "She was born down in -i"T
Flat you know, and had a pretty hard
timVof It to along. The tWers had
a great attraction for h^r. and at la-t.
after" much perseverance, *he got a
THE B AN FRAJS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
! chance to work as extra girl at $5 a week.
"I took a fancy to her, -or she was a
nice little thing, very poorly dressed al-
I ways, and very backward and retiring in
i her ways, probably because o. that, for
; shabby clothes put people at a disadvan-
I tage everywhere, and especially in the
profession. She had a hard time with the
other girls, too. who called her a 'Tar
Flat chippy.' But she did her work faith
fully and well, and I i ade up my
mind that she was fit for something bet
ter than 'extra' work. So when Ned
Harrigan came along under Martin lian
ley's management I asked Ilanlev to per
suade Ned to give her a show. Hanley
did not like the prospect, but gave her a
trial in 'Odella's Aspirations,' Lhcro was
a dance scene, and Miss Lewis made up
as the chippiest kind of a chippy, acting
the part to perfection. She was immense
ly clever about it, and the idea being new
and excellently carried out, it took tre
mendously. She made a genuine 'hit'; so
mu^h so that Harrlgan carried her off
East, and her professional fortune sprang
from that beginning.
"Then thero is Maude Adams, who Is
coming h<-re with the Frohman company
and whose success has been almost phe
nomena!. When I was assistant treas
urer of the old Bush Street Theater.
Charles E. Locke being manager, .she was
a pretty little girl, living here with her
mother. They were Utah people, and
their real name is Klsskauen. Mrs. Kiss
kaden did not intend Maude for profes
sional life, but I persuaded her to let the
little girl take an engagement with Fritz
Emmett. who hau just returned from
Australia, under iiencrnl Barton sin, ••
the manager of the Bijou in New York!
T could nee the talent in the child, and
_________ AMUSEMENTS. _L_
/^/*\f I IliyinrA TO.NIOHT-Last Time !
LOLUIVIOIA rr H Er*A»LEY COMPANY
theater "HIS ABSENT BOY"
Beginning TO-MORROW, Monday— loth Week of the
FRAWLEY COMPANY 2SC
f ■ ■'"'-. -■_. ' . . '■■ '.'-'"i-.-sU. -
A Oreat Revival of . . ORIGINALS IN CAST..
PAUL M. POTTER'S HP F"^ ¥ f T""^ ¥
DU Dramatization of ■ I J"|[ f JL^ Sn^ X
DU MAURIER'S ?■ f\ E S .I J V
. . FAMOUS . . * ML tL m Bammed Aaev M.
KARRA KENWYN - .'■■. - - An Ideal Trilby
' THEODORB ROBERTS - The Greatest Sveneoli i Of A. M. PALMERS
IGNACIO MARTINETTI, The Inimitable Zou Zou '[.■■'. ORIGINAL
ALFRED HICKMAN - Dv Maurier's Little Billee ) COMPANIES.
STAGED ARTISTICALLY! A PERFECT PRODUCTION!
MATE— The Baldwin Theater will reopen on . August 22d, presenting HENRY
rIUIC MILLER in "HEARTSEASE.'^ ,
iOROSGO'S6EANDS
Waltkr Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, . . . 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
W«ek of August 15, IMB. Exrrptlnnal produc-
tion <»f the Krt-at melodrama.
WORK AND WAGES
A. Thrilling Story of Love. Labor and Capital.
New Scenery! Startling Effects!
SEE The Langford Steel Works.
Special Engagement of the Clever Comedian,
H G lior KEY, and the Dainty Soubrette,
MARION HOCKEY.
*•*******••***•••**•*;
t ALHAmBRA J
5 Saturday, September 3d £
*********************
she justified my opinion of her on her
r was the sweetest, most charming,
most childlike child that I ever saw on
the stage, and never grew rude nor
spoiled with all the praise that was given
her. I have watched her career with
the warmest interest, and when I hear
how well she has fulfilled the prophecy
which I made concerning her in her
childhood I cannot help feeling particu
larly glad that I persuaded the mother
against her will to let her little daughter
appear In public."
Local attractions for the coming week
will be "Trilby" at the Columbia, "Lo
hengrin" at the Tivoll. four new stars,
including Madame Tavary, at the Or
pheum, a mixed bill at the Alcazar.
"Work and Wages" at Morosco's, and
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mre. Ernestine Krellng.Proprletor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
To-night— Last time — Gounod's Immortal opera,
"FAUST."
To-morrow evening and all next week — Wag-
ncr'B Music-Drama,
"LOHENGRIN!"
A complete production, Orchestra of Thirty.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Popular prices, 25;- and EOo. N. B.— A re-
Berved seat for matinee, 25c. Telephone, Bush 9.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, IS9S.
WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP
220 -YARD SWIMMING RACE
Between
SIDNEY CAVILL, Australian Champion,
And
ROGER B. COTIXELL, Pacific Coast Champion,
FOU A PURSE OF |600.
Al«o Immense AQUATIf BILL.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, Be.
new specialties at the Chutes and Olym
pia.
The Golumbia.
The interest taken in the coming revival
of "Trilby" at the Columbia shows that
the famous play has not lost Its attrac
tive powers, and indicates that the enter
prise will be a success. It was presented
here three years ago by the Palmer com-
pany, which included some of the cre
ators of the original roles. Among
those we will have Ignacio Martinetti
who conceived the first stage Zou Zou,
the Mg-ht-ho-arted, effervescent little
Frenchman with h!s la, la, la, la, la, Al
fred Ulrkman, who created the part of
Little Billie and made it a work of art,
is a nn-mber of the Frawley company and
'■!i%T- AMUSEMENTS. .'' ' ]_ _
COMMENCING SATURDAY, ADBDST 20, AT 8:30 P. M. EVENINGS ONLY,
THE GRAND PATRIOTIC, SCENIC AND V ECHNICAL SPECTACLE, ' ■■ :^
tOOO People in the Production! — -1000
200 — -Beautiful and Symmetrical Young— 2OO
Ladies in New and Original Ballets!
... . TONS OF" SCENERY ....
The Grandest Pyrotechnical Display Ever Witnessed in This City
Gorgeous Production of the Greatest Naval Achievement
In the History of the World,
THE BATTLE OF MANILA!
Admission 25 Cents. * Reserved Seats 5O Cents. ->;>■•■; _';
IRISH FAIR'
illliciti Illicit H riii%.«
Don't forget that the $1
six admission tickets v/ill
be withdrawn from sale
after Saturday, August 20.
Regular admission after
that 25 cents.
•***•***••♦••*••****♦*
£ Saturday," September 8d $
♦I********************
will appear in the role in which he played
for over two years continuously. The
odore Roberts, who is a prime favorite
here, is said to be one of the greatest of
Svengalis, who retires Lackaye to the
amateur class. His make-up follows the
idea of the character as drawn by Dv
Maurier. and is one of Intense welrdness.
Mr. Roberts brings to his aid all the re
sources of his art and, it is said, gives
a remarkably clever and impressive pre
sentment of this complex and peculiar
character. It Is promised that the
"Trilby" of the play will be as nearly
ideal as is possible to make it on the
stage. The part is to be played by Misa
Karra Kenwyn, who has been specially
engaged by Mr. Frawley. Miss Kenwyn
is tall and handsome and the mold of her
features will find decided approval in the
picture she will present as the model.
Edward M. Bell will be well cast as the
Laird and John T. Burke should make a
particularly proper Taffy. The impor
tant part or Madame Vlnard will be in
trusted to Eleanor Carey. Others in the
cast will be Louis Payne. Charles Char
ters, Edward G. Conway, Frederick
Tiader, Robert G. Wilson. Carey Livjng
stone. Adora Andrews. Erne Bond, 1- lora
Bristol and the debutante from Sacra
mento, Miss Eva Dennison.
A feature of the Frawley production of
"Trilby" will be the artistic stage set
tings, especially the studio scene, which
will be a veritable corner from Bohemia
In Paris. ______
Jhe TiVoli.
The third week of the successful grand
opera season at the Tivoli will be devoted i
to an artistic production of Richard Wag- '
ner's master creation, "Lohengrin." j
Stage Director George Lask promises all j
the requisites of scenery and costumes to
make the material part of the beautiful .
opera accurate in detail, while the casts ;
of the leading roles guarantee a delight- i
ful interpretation of the harmonic and j
mystic opera.
Two alternating casts will interpret the |
work. Marie Brandis and Anna Lichter j
will alternate as Elsa of Brabant, and on
two occasions Frl. Brandis will sing Or
trad, the designing wife of Telramund;
Mary Linck will be the Ortrud, a part
in which she made one of her greatest
successes ; Sig. Edgardo Zerni and Rhys
Thomas will be the Knights of the Holy
Grail; Sig. Maurice de Vries and William
Pruette as Frederick of Telramund: Sig.
Wanrell and William Schuster as Henry
I, King of Germany. an<l W. H. West as j
the Royal Herald. A fine chorus and aug
mented orchestra will lend valuable aid. j
Ponchielli's romantic grand opera, i^a I
Gloconda," will be sung in the fourth
Week, after which "Rigoletto." "Don trio- '
vannf." "Romeo and Juliet" and "La Bo
heme" will be heard. A novel feature of
this season is the "special Saturday matt
nee for ladles, out-of-town music lovera j
and the younger generation of music
lover*. H Seats are now on sale for the en
tire week.
The /\lcazar.
"Camille," which has been producing fat
box office receipts at the Alcazar during
the week, will be succeeded by a very at
tractive offering of good things beginning
to-morrow night. They will Include
"Faust" on Monday and Tuesday even-
Ings "The Master of Ceremonies on
Wednesday. "Frederick the Gre^f on
Thursday and Friday, and "loricks
Love" on Saturday and Sunday evenings.
The object in producing this quadruple
bill Is to afford those who were unable co
Bee the former performances a last op
portunity to attend. Each will be given
the same careful production wnich
marked the former presentation. Next
week Mr. Morrison will put on "The Mer
chant of Venice" and make his debut as
Shylock. In elaboration and perfection
of detail it is to be an "Irving produc
tion." This is expected to be the banner
week of the Morrison engagement, which
is now fast drawing to a close.
J^lorosco's.
At Morosco's Grand Opera-house
"Work and "Wages" will be the attraction
for the coming week. It is a five act i
melodrama of the sturdy old style, some- '
what on th» lines of "The Lost Paradise." I
The scenes are laid in England in and i
around a modern steel works, and in- ;
elude a vivid reproduction of the interior !
of the factory with machinery in opera- j
tion. an explosion, etc. The fourth act j
shows the tenements of the slums of !
London, the poverty and wretchedness j
thereof, and finally the murder of a j
woman, of which the hero is accused.
There Is a concentration of the tragic m
the last act. It is a courtroom scene.
The murderer Is convicted and he gives
a sensational finish to the action by com
mitting suicide in the prisoner's dock be
fore the Judge can sentence him to hang.
The motive of the play is to show tha |
possibilities and benefits of co-operation i
between employer and employe, and the I
production is said to be highly engross
ing. The leading character will be played
by Max yon Mitzell, who has recently j
joined the stock company. This will be i
the la-3t appearance this season of Maude
Edna Hall, who goes East. Lorena At- \
wood, a promising young artiste, will havr; ■
a prominent role. H. G. Hockey, the
clever character comedian of the Hockey-
Whc-eler Company, has been specially en
gna^d, as has also the dainty soubretto,
Marlon Hockey. E. J. Holden. H. J". Ed
wards, James Corrlgan and Nellie Camp
bell <ire the other specially engaged ad
ditions to the regular stock company,
making a strong cast. It is the intention
of the management to keep up the stand
ard of excellence that has of late speclaily
marked the productions.
Jhe OrpKeum.
For the coming week the Orpheum an
nounces four new feature? aside from the
hold-over stars. The most notable event
•will be the appearance of Mme. Tavary.
who has been seen here only In grand
opera. She has a world-wide reputation,
and will be heard in several choice op
eratic selections.
Other new features on the bill are Bon
nie Thornton, one of the most popular
ringing comediennes on the vaudeville
<?tage; Sydney Grant and Miss Norton,
refined comedy sketch artists, will intro
duce songs, recitations and dances; Mc-
Bride and Goodrich, the old time charac
ter change artists, in a sketch in which
they introduce specialties, particularly
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL
IN THE FREE THEATER.
BefiflnninK Monday, August 15th.
EDWIN R. LANI. the "Poetical Tramp";
DOUGLASS AND FORD, DICK MACK, EL
NIDO EDDY, MASON AND REED, and BELL
AND D ALTON.
VISIT THE CAMERA OBSCURA.
NEW MOVING PICTURES'.
SEE SULTANA AND HER BABY LIONS IN
THE ZOO.
10c, Including- Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c.
SUSPENDED ANIMATION!
The Sensation of the Century,
..ALBERT FERDINAN..
Will Be Buried Alive for Six D.iys.
BBEiMine This (SUNDAY) Aiternoon, at 3 O'Clocfc,
In the Lot Cor. Market and Larkin Sts.
Admission, 23c.
clog dancing. Miss Lilian Burkhart, who
has scored a success in her dainty com
edy entitled "A Passing Fancy," will ap
pear in an entlrelv new budget of songa
and satires. The Hegelmanns, whose ac
robatic feats have been pronounced the
greatest ever seen, are retained, and ao
are O'Brien and Buckley, the clever mu
sical comedy artlßts. The Macarte sis
ters will put on an entirely new act, in
which they introduce a serpentine dance
on the wire. Matinees Wednesday, Sat
urday and Sunday.
Reopening of the Baldwin.
The date for the reopening of the Bald
win 15 fast approaching, and much inter
est is being taken in the event, by reason
of the fact that some of the most recent
Eastern and London successes are to be
presented. Among the list are three of
Charles Frohman's prize winners, with
Maude Adams in "The Little Minister"
and William Gillette in the success of two
continents. "Secret Service." Mr. Miller
will be the opening attraction of the
theater, and Frohman has certainly sur
rounded him with a fine list of players,
for in his support will appear Arthur El
liott, Augustus Cook. Charles B. Welles,
C. Leslie Allen, Earl Browne, George
Heath, Harry Spear. Jamea A. Leahy,
Leo Lane. Mabel Bert. Margaret Dale,
Laura Clement and Ellen Mortimer. The
plays to be presented are all new here.
The first week will be devoted to
"Heartsease," a pretty romantic comedy
from the pens of Charles Klein and J. I.
C. Clarke. Its run of over one hundred
nights at the Garden Theater, New York,
was one long series of crowded houses,
and the new star followed it last year
with the bill for his second week, ''The
Master." and his inaugural triumph, it is
said, was more than duplicated. "A Mar
riage of Convenience" is to be the bill for
the third week of the season.
The reopening will occur on the 22d lnst.
At the close of Mr. Miller's season Mme.
Modjeska will appear In a series of her
best productions.
JievJ Gomcdvj Jheater.
Manager M. B. Leavitt announces for
the opening of his New Comedy Theater
(formerly the Bush) Mrs. Romualdo Pa
checo's Ideal Comedy Company. This
well-known authoress and playwright will
present for the first time on any stage
her new and original comedies by an ex
cellent company. The company consists
of several well-known players, and will
come direct to this city, opening on the
evening of September 3. The work of
Mrs. Romualdo Pacheco as a playwright
will be remembered by her first presenta
tion in this city of her amusing comedy,
"Incog," which met with great success
at this theater some five years ago. Mrs.
Pacheco's plays will be presented with
new scenery and effects. The one selected
to open the new house is, "The Leading
Man." Following this will be seen "Amer
ican Assurance," "Woman's Wit" and
"SIO,OOO Reward."
The New Comedy Theater is now under
going thorough renovation and several
new features will be introduced that will
be a comfort to Its patrons. The interior
will be in rich ivory and gold, with new
scenery, drop curtain,* draperies, carpet
ing and a most novel electrioai display.
GKutes and Zoo.
The Chutes free theater is looming up
In amusement circles, and the uniformly
good entertainments always provided at
the Haight-street grounds serve to at
tract large crowds. Next week Edwin R.
Lang, the "poetical tramp," will make
his first appearance in San Francisco. He
is an accepted favorite at Tony Pastor's
In New York thirty weeks in the year,
and his talk and songs should be interest
ing. El Nino Eddy does a bounding wire
act said to be out of the ordinary and Bell
and Dalton, German knockabout come
dians, will indulge in Teutonic acrobatic
eccentricities. Douglass and Ford are as
clever exponents of the modern song and
dance as have been seen here in many
a year, and Mr. Douglass will do new
toe steps, while Miss Ford pirouettes.
Diefc Mack, who has made a hit. will
change his and songs, and Ma
son and Reed, the comedy horizontal bar
performers, will repeat their act. "The
Tramp and the Section Boss." Twelve
new moving pictures, direct from Europe,
will be shown, and the London Fire De
partment in active operation will be re
tained. In the Zoo, Sultana and her three
baby lions are demanding great attention,
although a huge alligator from Tampa
threatens to monopolize the interest.
Henri Maurice Cannon, the lionized fat
man, receives visitors every afternoon
and evening.
Jhe Olympia.
The Olympla Music Hall has a partic
ularly meritorious attraction in the Royal
Tokio acrobatic wonders, who are cred
ited with doing some of the most clever
balancing, juggling and acrobatic feats
ever performed by a Japanese troupe.
Other features of the bill are Darrell and
Miller in songs, dances and witty dia
logue: Maud Rockwell in new patriotic
songs; the Royce sisters, a dancing duo
of pretty girls; Anita Laraont in coon spe
cialties and others. Matinee to-day.
People ar\d J^la^s.
Signor Zerni sang "La Boheme" over 100
times last season in Italy.
Fred Belasco is now in New York look
ing up a new stock company for the Al
cazar.
"Rigoletto" at the Tivoll will show De
Vries. Zerni, Linck and Anna LJchter to
advantage.
"La Gioconda" will be sung the whole
of the fourth week of the Tlvoli grand
opera season.
"A Milk White Flag" will be the at
traction to follow the Frawley company
at the Columbia.
"Pagliacci" and "Cavalleria Rusticana"
will make a great double bill of the Tiv
oli's grand opera season.
Lessee Fred Belasco of the Alcazar,
who is now in New York securing new
people and attractions for the coming
stock season at the Alcazar, writes that
he is meeting with gratifying success.
AMUSEMENTS.
AT CAZAR THEATER.
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT,
TtpLLEIT
next -WEEK i L^I BH 1 '
LEWIS MORRISON!
MONDAY FAUST!
TUESDAY
we ££I s t day i The Master of Ceremonies!
3" FREDERICK THE GREAT
B^JS^ T -. YORICK'S
SATURDAY- ' M% * T"" * "*"^
SUNDAY LOVE!
NIGHTS A-V^.i/ Mmmtm^..
Monday. Aug. 22. MORRISON'S FAREWELL.
: "THE MERCHANT OF VENICE." /'. . ...
' Seats now selling for all performances. .
MRS. ANNA YON MEYERINCK
:-. HAS REOPENED HER ■  - ,
SCHOOL OF MUSIC
FOR VOICE CULTURE AND PIANO. .'■
COMPLETE CONSERVATORY.' COURSES,
including Instruction in Harmony, Theory, Cho-
rus and Sight Singing, Ensemble Playing. .;
Languages and Physical Culture.
Special preparation for ; Church' 'Choir work.
(Weekly rehearsals with the Choir of Park
Congregational Church.)
r , Lectures on musical topics. ' . ■ -
TERMS FOR FULL COURSE OF FIFTY
WEEKS, Sf7ti (payable in monthly install-
ments of $6 25). , Private Instruction, . $15 and
$20 per month. .- • ..
Special Seminary .Courses : for teachers.
Coaching for Lighter - and Grand Opera, , by
MRS. HENRI FAIRWEATHER.
Further particulars may be' obtained at' the
School, 841 Fulton St., San Francisco. Recep-
tion houra.l2 to 2, dally. ', ; ,
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' RED CROSS AID.
ENTERTAINMENT IN - HONOR OF SIXTH
CALIFORNIA, U. S. V.
Music, Literary • Exercises. • Dancing, TUES-
DAY. 8 p. m., Aug. 16, NATIVE SONS' HALL.
Mason street. Society of California Pioneers
and Exempt Firemen. frill attend. ■ Admission,
25 cents. - :■ r ': v _^_______
••A******************
J;:VALHrt^BRA.,v,I
f Saturday, September 8d J .
*********************
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• Silver firm.
Wheat and Barley weaker. ,
Oats, Corn ana Rye dull.
Missouri Hay does not pan out well.
Beans as before..
Turpentine advanced.
Wool quiet.
Bank clearings decrease.
Shipment of $216,876 to China.
Eighteen failures last week.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the sam
Butter. Cheese and Eggs steady.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry expected.
Peaches. Pears and Plums still glut the
ket.
Lemons and Limes -arce and firm.
No change in Provisions.
Dried Fruit rules firm.
Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hogs very weak.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports IS
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with 16 for the previous week and 23 for
the corresponding week of 1597. The failures
for the past week are divided among the trades
as follows: One manufacturer's agent cigars, 1
pawnbroker, 1 hotel, 1 paving company. l sau
sage casings. 3 saloons, 2 hardware and plumb
er, 1 confectionery, 1 drugs, 1 cloaks and com
mission, 1 shoes. 1 grocer, 1 picture frames, 1
Oil, 1 fancy goods.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearing:- last week were $12,404.
416, as against |15,567,752 for the same week last
year.
TREASURE SHIPMENTS.
The Doric took out a treasure list of $216. 576,
consisting of M72.&2S in Mexican dollars. $2448
in sold ■ In, .-"."''.' in silver bullion and $16,500
la Peruvian soles.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDY.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
during the :in>t seven months of the year com
pare as follows with the same time In ISfT:
Wine, 9,317.330 jfalloi , against 6,234,400; Braa
dy, 148,000 gallons, against 55.770.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFFS.
Exports of Flour from this port during tha
first seven months of the year were 446,S'V> bar
rels, agauist 519,100 during the same time In
1597. Reducing this Flour to a Wheat basis and
adding it to tna exported Wheat gi»es total ex
ports of Wheat for the seven months of !, 468. 100
ctls, valued at $i>, &51.300. against 4,e~4,0GQ ctls at
16,T25.3i0 in ls«7.
EXPORTS OF EARLEY.
Exports of Barley trem this port during the
first erven months of the year were 537,547
ctls, valued at J6C3.270, against 752,220 ctis at
$71a,330 for tbe same time In 1897.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 13, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are ra
ported to-day (rum Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka. M; Fresno. 104; Los Angeles. 90; Red
Bluff. 106; Independence, 56; San D'ego. S2;
Sacramento, 10S; San Luis Obispo, &6; Yuraa,
fan Francisco temperature: Maximum. €6;
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS:
A troughlike depression extends from South
western Arizona northward through the Inter
ior of California into Oregon and Washington.
The highest pressure is reported from the
Washington coast. Partly cloudy weather pre
vails throughout California and the region to
the eastward. Occasional scattered showers
and thunderstorms are reported from the moun
tain regions and the conditions are favorable
for such showers to-night and Sunday in the
Sierras and to the eastward.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 14; 1898:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Sunday,
•with .scattered showers and thunderstorms'
In mountain region; fresh to brisk west wind.
Southern — Generally fair Sunday;
fresh west wind.
Nevada and Utah — Partly cloudy Sunday,
•with scattered thunderstorms in mountain re
gion.
Arizona — cloudy Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Sunday; brisk west wind.
Special report from Mount Tamaipaia, taken
at 5 p. — Clear; wind west, 30 miles per
hour; temperature, 84; maximum, 98.
W. H. HAMMOX, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— The animation of to- '
Cay's stock market was far less than that of i
last Saturday and the net gains on the day's
transactions were much less striking. The ac- \
tual signing of the peace protocol brought no |
enthusiastic buying, but on tne other hand It '
brought no realizing sales, such as are like'.y
to occur on the culmination of an event herald- j
ed and discounted. There was a large and
eteady demand throughout the short session of ;
the Exchange, which held prices quit- firmly
throughout the list. Active buying in a few
stocks was conspicuous, especially Northern !
Pacific, which added another point to its price
In the course of the day. The grangers were
strong and Union Pacific showed an advancing :
tendency. The Southern railroads continued |
somewhat depressed, owing to the yellow fever j
case reported at a town in Louisiana. The mo- !
tive of the recent selling of Manhattan was
disclosed by the report for the quarter showing
a falling off In gross earnings compared with
last year of $145,927. The stock was lifted after
early depression by the demand to cover. Very
notable advances were shown by the rubber 1
stocks. Tobacco and New York Air-Brake.
There was no evidence of heavy liquidation for
London account as a result of the Anglo-Rus-
Eian crisis, and those who sold short yesterday,
professing fears of such a result, bought to
cover to-day. The large decrease of $6,751,150
In the surplus reserves of the banks was with
out effect. Th closing was generally firm, only
a few stocks showing slight recessions from
the best. The dealings in stocks this week rose
fully a million shares over those of last week,
but are still almost a million shares below the
corresponding week last year. The par value
of the bonds sold at the Exchange during the
■week was, however, fully equal to that of last
year, and exceeds 521,000,000. Business was ex
tremely varied In character and embraced so
extensive a list of securities that the movement
of special stocks was of little effect In deciding
the course of prices. Weakness at some points
was without influence at others. Where the
demand seemed to continue unabated there was
obviously realizing- going on, but apparently
the profit from sales was diverted to other
stocks of lower grade which had not yet moved
■upwards. The demand for stocks is" undoubt
edly based on general conditions, and the mar
ket has been little affected by the epecial news
developments of each day.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 123,612, Including: '
3793 Atchison preferrd; 7155 Burlington; 8775
Manhattan: 4535 M. K. & T. prf erred; 20,450
Northern Pacific; 4555 Northern Pacific pre
ferred; 11,537 Rock Island, 7580 Union Pacific"
11,445 St. Paul; 3000 Southern preferred: 3000
Cotton Oil; 8270 Tobacco; 4000 Sugar; 8135 Rub
ber; 3200 Rubber preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 14 i Do prefd 154
Do prefd 35% St P M & M 161% !
Baltimore & Ohio 18 So Pacific 21* i
Canada Pacific ..S3 ISo Railway 9% |
.Canada Southern. 63% Do prefd' 33% !
'Central Pacific .. 17 Texas & Pacific. 13% !
Ches <£ Ohio 24T4 Union Pacific 28>4
Chi &. Alton 139 U P D & 0 -4%
Chi U & Q 114% Wabash r-%.
Chi & E 111 65% Do prefd 20*,
CCC &it L.... 44% Wheel & L E..... IT4
■ Do prefd 86Vi Do prefd 12%
Del & Hudson... 108 Express Companies- I
Del L & \V 150 Adams Ex 103 I
Den & R G 13% American Ex .... 132 i
Do i-r«fd 67% United States . ... 41
Erie (new) 14 Wells Farxo 119
Do Ist prefd 36% I Miscellaneous-
Fort Wayne 172 A Cot Oil 25%
Cit Nor pr<:fd..... 130% Do prrfd 82^
■Hocking Valley... 4% Amn Spirits 12%
Illinois Central .. 10S% | Dourefd 137»;
Lake Brie & W.. 15 jAm Tobacco 133%
Do prefd 76% j Do prefd 130
"J/iktj Shore t>o% People's Gas 100%
Manhattan L. — 103 Cons Gas ; 1M
Met St Xv 15S ICom Cable C 0.... 170
Midi Central ... 103% Col 1 , F & Iron 23
Minn & St L 6S Do prefd 75
Do Ist prefd b9\i Gen Electric 40%
Mo Pacific 3"V Illinois Steel 6414
Mobile & 0hi0.... 2S Laclede Gas 63V4,
Mo X & T... ll',i|L,.-ad 2«i4
Do prefd 35% I Do prefd 112
Chi Ind & L 9V4'Nat Lin 0i1...... 7%
Do preid 34 lOr Imp Co 25%
' N J Central ! PaHflc Mall 33.
N T Central .• 113%' Pullman Palace... 189
N V Chi & St L.. 14» 4 'Silver Certificates 58%
■ Do Ist prpM.... 70 (Stand R A T T,\
Do 2.1 prefd.... 36 (Sugar 138%
Nor West 1C I D.« prefd 114
No Axn«f Co 6 4!T C & 1r0n....... 27%
No Pacific 34 I *US Leather 7Vj
Do nrefd 73^; Do prefd 70
Ontario & W IP% U S Rubber ..... 44%
Or R & Nay 53 I Do prefd 102^
Or Short Line... 21 West Union 95 T 4
Pittsburg .......... 1«7 |C *.N W 133%
■ Reading "18 ' 1- i>refd 175
.Rock Island ..'... 106% St L & R \V <"S6
St L & S F 8% Do i>refd 12%
Do Ist prefd... fS%|R G W 27
Do 2d prefd.... il I Do 2ds< 67
Bt Paul 105% Chi G W 14%
Do prefd 154% Brooklyn R T.... 64%
Bt P & Om 83%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s re?.. 127Vi,N J C 58 114
Do coup 127 Vi N Carolina Cs \2o
U S 4s 111% Do 48 llJ:51 *
Do coup UlVi No Pac Ists 114
Do Eds 97 Do 3s :.■ 65%
L" 3 6s reg 112 Do 4s 100 ft
Do as coup 11l N YC& St L 4s. 106
District 3. 60s .... 1194 j Nor & W 6s 124
Ala class A 10S Northwstrn ' cons. 141' A
Do B 103 I Do deb 5s 10S
Do C 100 O Nay Ist* ... 112
Do Currency ... 100 iO Nay 4s 100
Atchison 4s 9G O S Line tr.... 127
Do adj 4s 72*i|O S Line 5e tr.... 103
Can So 2ds 110HIO Imp Ists tr.... 108
Chi Term 4s gß%|PactflC 6s of 96.. 102
C & Ohio os 115% Reading 4s 83%
CII ,v D 4^B 104% I R G w lets 90
D & R a lsts.... 110% St L & I M C 6s. 100
D'& HQ is &S St L& S F Q (is. IIP 7
East Term Ists.. 103»fc St P Coo 143
Erie Gen 4s 74% St 1' C & P Ists. 120
F\V & I) Ists tr. 75% Do os 117%
Gen Elec 5a 108 Bo Railway 55... 97%
QII & 8 A 65.... 104 Stand R & T 6s. 6S
Do 2ds 105 Term new set Cs.. 62
H & TC 3b 11l Tex P L & Ist?.. 107
IV) con 6s 109 Do Jig 2ds «M 4
lowa C Hits 104 U P D & G lsts. 75? i
j La new cons 45.. 102% Wab Ist 5s Ill*
L & N Uni 45.... 91 »i Do 2ds 89
LAN Oil 45.... S2H W Shore 4s 109
M X & T 2ds 65^. Va Centuries .... 74
Do 4s 91H! Do deferred ... 8
I N V Central Ist?.. 11M4 (Union Pao prefd. 99
MINING STOCKS.
Ch^llar IS Ontario 8 50
Crown Point 0$ Ophlr .t";/ 15 '
I Con Cal A Va... 23 Plymouth 12
; Dead wood 25 'Quicksilver 1 25
: Gould & Curry.. 10 Do pr*(d 300
Hale & Norcross. 65 I Sierra. Nevada ... 50
Homestake 45 CO! Standard 1 40
Iron Silver 70 Union Con li>
Mexican 10! Yellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ■ Westlnghouse El. 30%
Call loans ........2 <3Z Do prefd b'V,
Time loans 2*4.iJ?4 i Boston L 66Vi
Stocks— E E Illinois IS3
A T & S F MVfc Gen Elec prefd... 99
, Amer Sugar ..... 138^4 Atchlaon prefd Ss^
Do prefd 114% Bonds—
I Bay State Gas... 1% Atchison 4s 94%
Bell Telephone.... 2SI Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 240 Allouez Mm Co.. 4
i Boston & Maine. 164 Atlantic 27*4
Chi Bur * Q..... 114% Lfoston & Mont... 217-Vi
: Fitchburg 104 Butte & Boston.. 25%
{ Gen Electric 41 -alumet & Hecla. 690
I Illinois Steel 63 : >< >ntennial 16\
j Mexican Central.. i\ Franklin 14*4
N V & New Eng. &S jOeceola 55%
Old Colony 194 [QutDcy H6>^
Rubber 44 Vi I Tamarack 165
Union Pacltic .... Wolverine ;'. 24V
West End b7ViOld Dominion 27%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The market
to-day was stagnant and dull, the only feature
being a small recovery in Grand Trunks on
belief thai the small carry-forward is perhaps
due to the large amount set aside for rolling
stock. Americans were on about a parity with
New York quotations There is a surprise here
that American exchange is firmer following
t'-e New York spurt In money mtes. The mar
ket finds it moat difficult to form any estimate
of Roll! shipments to New York later on
PABIS, Aug. 13-vSpanlsh 4's closed at 42.02.
LONDON Aug. 13.-Canadian Pacific. v :
Grand- Trunk. 7; bar silver steady, SIW.
money, Vs per cent.
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— New York Finan
cier says this week: The statement of the
Associated Bank* of the city of New York
for the week ending August 13 shows that the
deposits and loans have reached a higher to
tal than has been previously reported by these
banks. The chief features of the statement are
the loss In cash and the continued expansion
of loans, which have marked the operations of
the banks for a considerable period. Deposits,
however, are gaining at a much less rapid
ratio, and reserves are decreasing-. A hard
ening condition of money rates is to be ex
pected with these conditions remaining In
rcrce and. indeed, this result has already been
observable in the past week. A forecast of the
money market at this time Is peculiarly dif
ficult, but the banks have been able to con
siderably improve their position as leaders by
their operations of the past month or so.
The large cash resources of the West make It
unusually problematical to estimate their de
mands on the New York banks, but on the
other hand there Is every evidence of larger
crops than were anticipated some time ago.
Business Is becoming more active and the
demand may be heavier than has been looked
for The large debt still owing by Europe
cannot be discarded from the reckoning and
it has yet to be proved how badly Europe needs
this money.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— Receipt*,
38.564; exports, 42.880 barrels; sales, 4608 pack- !
ages; quiet and barely steady.
WHEAT— Reiyipts, 61,975 bushels; exports,
371.335. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 7SHc f. o. b.
afloat to arrive: SIHc f. o. b. afloat spot. Op- i
tior.s opened weak and scld of? under a large j
buying. Futures were bearish on Liverpool ca- ]
bles, predictions that Northwest receipts would
expand and the weakness of cash wheat in j
Minneapolis. September, 7C@7l l-16c; closed, '
71% c
HOPS — Quiet: state common to choice, 1895
crop. 2@3c; 1896 crop, s<g6c; 1997 crop, ll©12c;
Pacific Coast. 1595 crop. 2@3c; ISS6 crop. s@6c; j
1897 crop, 113:120.
WOOL— fleece, 12@13c; Texas, 13j?lSc.
COFFEE— Options l opened steady at un
changed prices; dosed quiet, unchanged to 5
points lower. Sales, 9150 bags. Including; Sep
tember ¥< ''.'::'. 60; October, S5 60; December,
$J SO; March. $<".<gs 05; May. $6 10. Spot coffee
: —Rio, quiet but steady: No. 7 invoice, «v ;
No. 7 jobbing, 6%c. Mild, steady, Cordova,
B@lsc.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, 3*ic;
I Centrifugal. 96 test. 4%c. Refined, firm; Mold
'A, 5%c; Standard A and Confectioners' A,
i 5V 4 c; cut loaf and crushed, 5%c; powdered, 6%c;
', granulated, s*sC.
PIGIKON— Frm; Southern, $9 75@U; North-
I crn, $10® 11 50.
COPPER— Firm: brokers', ll^c.
LEAD— Firm; brokers', $3 85.
Steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3489 packages: steady:
Western creamery, 14%@19c; Elgins. 19c; fac
; tory, n't? 14c. >„.:■. v .;.
EGGS— Receipts, 4510 packages; steady; West
ern, 14% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— California dried fruits
| steady.
| APPLES— Common, 6@Bc; prime wire tray,
I 9c; choice. B%c; fancy, S%i^loc.
PRUNES— 4@Sc.
'■ APRICOTS— RoyaI, 10@18c; Moorpark. 13016 c
PEACHES— UppeeIed 1 , 6©9 c: peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13— Liverpool quotations, In
stead of showing any sympathy with yester
[ day's higher prices on this side, were a little
lower than the Litest en the day before. That
i gave the direction to speculation sentiment here
.■it the start. First trades in September wheat
j were at 66% c down to G6%c against 67H'5'<»7Vic I
| lost night's closing figure. The weather for
' matvrlng what was still unharvpsted of the
; spring wheat crop was all that could be desired,
and reports from the Northwest were far from
' encouraging to the longs In the market. A dis
patch from up North said It was confidently ex
pected Minneapolis and Duluth would be, In
j about two weeks, receiving an average of 400
cars a. day. In addition to that, about one
! hour after the opening Minneapolis reported 7c
j a bushel drop in the price of cash wheat to ar
' rive. Such Information and foreshadowings of
the future drove from the minds of the traders
all concern about the day's actual receipts,
which were as conspicuously short of last
! year's movements as they have been for some
j time. The market wok kept from getting radi
cally weak for a time by estimates that Chi
cago would only have I'iO cars of wheat Mon
day, but that gave way again to the impending
free movement of spring wheat and the market
wound up very heavy September closed iHc
lower ar.d December loet lc.
Corn was steady lor September. December
was sold with considerable freedom, and got to
a cent discount until near the end. The
weather was as favorable as could be desired
for the recuperation of the eick portion of tne
i crop. September closed unchanged from yester
day and Decemb'T is ',4c lower.
Shippers were the only buyers to speak of In
: ontp, and that grain merely followed the flue
; tuatlons of corn September closed le lower
ttinn yesterday's close.
The yellow fever scare that shook out the
weak members of the provision crowd yester
day was to-day pronounced a matter of no ac-
I count oxcept for such purpose as It had ac
! compliehed. Buying by bmkera acting for
: packing houses quickly absorbed the off-rinors.
and prices took an upward turn near the close.
Pork' advanced sc; lard, s@7Vrc; and ribs, 10c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
August 71 71 tm 69%
September C6?i 80% 65% 65%
December 64% 64% 63% 68%
Hay 66 ' 65 65% 65%
Corn, No. 2—2 —
August 32% 32%. 32% 32%
September 32% 32% 32% 32%
December 32% 32% 32%' 32%
; May 35 35 34%' 34%
1 Oats, No. 2-
September 20% 20% 20»4 / 20%
, May 23% 23%. 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
i September ...8 95 -9 15 895 910
December ; 9 20
October " 9 12%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 530 535 .6 30 635
October .5 3$ 5 37% 635 5 37%
December 540 5 42% 640 '5 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September-October 5 12% 6 27% ; 6 12% 5 27%
Cash quotations were as follows; -■ . .';>' ■
, Flour, . steady ; spring, * apedal j | brands, I (5 ;
THE SAST FBAKCISCO CALL, SUKDAT, AUGUJST 14, 1898.
Minnesota hard patents, $4 3^4 BO; spot pat
ents. $4 20® 4 30; No. 3 spring wneat. 63Q."2c;
No. 2 r.xl. 71Vt.e; No. 2 corn. 32Vff'33c; No. 2
oat», 22c; No. 2 white, 26@2Sc; No. 3 white,
2i<327c; No. 2 rye, 45c; No. 2 barley. 37@46c;
No. 1 flax seed. SS'-ic; prime timothy seed.
$2 57'fc; mess j>ork. per barrel, $9 Oo'gM 10, lard,
per 100 pounds, 85 SOGG 32Vs>; short ribs sides
(loose). $5 lifi.". 20: dry salted shoulders (boxed).
4 l i»«g'4"ic; short clear sides 'boxed), $3 05<g>5 SO;
sugars, cut, loaf, unchanged.
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 74,700 54.000
Wheat, bushels 63.600 167.300
Cora, bushels 3:«.«00 1,422,500
Oats, bushels 411,5"0 45i',300
Rye. bushels 13;3O0
Barley, bushels 104,000 1.800
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the Butter
market was firm; Creameries, 13Vs@lV,sc; Dai
ries, 12til6c. Eggs, steady, fresh, 12c. Cheese,
firm; Creams. 7^4c.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bufhels. Bushele.
Minneapolis 106.1*0 19.250
Duluth 17,030
Milwaukee IS.BSO 1.3C0
ChlcaKO G2.000 167.381
Toledo 67.40S 103, 00u
St. Louis 35.000 13,000
Detroit 23.799 29,224
Kansas City 1L2.000 67,300
Totals .435,177 417,685
Tidewater-
Boston 40.000 110.560
New York 61.W5 47.388
Philadelphia 7.911 1.043
Baltimore 28.045 64.400
New Orleans 06,987
Galveston 34.916 80,000
Totals 175.547 370,376
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Scut. Dec.
Opening 5 10 vi 5 5
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening Holiday.
I Closing
Flour—
! Opening .....
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— CATTLE— Were in good
demand to-day at steady prices. Choice steers,
$5 2£<gs 65;» medium, $4 So®4 S5; beef steers.
$4 20694 76; stockers and feeders, J3@s; bulls,
J2 &Q<Qi 25: cows and heifers, $! 50©4 25; calves,
$3 504J7: Western rangers, 134/4 60
HOGS— Were about 5c lower. Fair to choice,
$3 90'a'4 07 1 *; packers". $3 60@3 8"H: butchers',
$3 70® 4 02Vi: mixed, $3 iK.f*>4; light,' $3 6C'@4;
pigs, $2 75(<J3 85. r
SHEtSP — Tile small supply of sheep sold at
unchanged prices. Common to choice. J3@-i 60;
Western rangers, $3 2504 CO;- poor to prime
lambs, $3 I(XS6 65: prime Western rangers. $8 23.
Receipts— 100; hogs, 12,000; sheep, 4000.
OMAHA
OMAHA, Aug. CATTLE— Receipts. 700.
Market stronger. Native beef steers, $4 40<§5 30;
Western steers, J4&4 70; cows and heifers. $3 60
(Si 25; stockers and feeders. $3 75GJ4 75.
I HOGS— Receipts, WOO. Market 10(3 lit: lower.
Heavy, 13 70@3 80; mixed, J3 70<3'3 75; bulk, $3 70
©3 75.
SHEEP — Receipts, 900. Market active,
stronger. Fair to choice natives, $3 75@4 25;
do Westerns, $3 Go@4 20; common, $3 25@t;
lambs, $4 4u<gs6.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 13.— CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1350. Unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 6000. Market weak to li/a
lower and slow. Bulk of sales, $3 73@3 S5;
heavies, $3 "fi 3 95; puckers'. $3 tiGyJ 3 S5; mixed,
$3 £5@3 85; lights. $3 4508 75; yorkera, $3 65@
$3 70; pigs. J3@3 50.
No sheep.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Aug. IS.— Consols, UO%; Silver,
2T"^d ; French Rentes, 103f 50c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, nothing doing; car
goes on passage, quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 13 —Wheat firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 15-32 d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; August,
steady; September, steady. 5s S'fed-, December,
E8 Bd.
WHEAT— Spot. firm; No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s 4d; No. 1 i-e.l Northern spring, 68
10» s d.
CORN— Spot, firm; futures, quiet; August,
nominal: October, quiet. 8s S^d.
FLOUR— St. Lou lp fancy wir.t»r, ntcady, 9s.
HOPS— At London— Pacific Coast, dull, £2<g4.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 13.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $268,437,952; gold re
serve, $197,310,623.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS^ -
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. Exchanges, $204,
174; balances, $69,478.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 13— Wheat— Walla
Walla, ISc: valley and blue stem, 61c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 13.— Export prices for wheat
are 5Sc for club and Clc for blua stem. Mil
lers pay 61c for club and 64c for blue stem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 S 4*i
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — • 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 s;
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — £&%
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. '
WHEAT— The week closed at a fractional
decline In sympathy with Chicago.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 18%01 22*4; milling.
$1 30®l 40 per ctl for old and $1 2£@l 30 for new.
CALL BOARD SALES. >.".•:
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
10,000 ctls, 22%; 28,000. $1 22M,: 22,000, $122',;.
Second session — December- -10,000 ctls, $122;
16,000, $1 21%.
Regular morning session— December— 32,ooo
ctls, $1 21:4.
BARLEY— market declined, with con
siderable disposition to Bell on call.
Feed, *1 17'-@1 18%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:ls o'clock December —
18.000 ctls. $115; 16.000. $114%; 16.000. $115%:
2000, $1 15 Vi.
Second December- 20C0 ctls, $1 15%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ctls, $; ir.v;.
OATS— Dealers are disposed to Bell, even at
concessions. The demand Is poor. Fancy Feed,
$1 25^1 27% per ctl; good to choice. $1 22%(cp
1 25: common, $1 17%®1 20; Surprise. $1 30G?l ?.5;
Gray, $1 17%@1 22%; milling, $1 22%@1 25 per
ctl.
CORN— The market continues dull, and prices
are' none too firm. Small round yellow, $1 25
<21 27%; Eastern large yellow, sacked, $1 07%
©1 10; white, $I@l 10; mixed. $1 05@l 07% per
ctl.
RYE— sl 20^1 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND . MILLSTUFFS
FLOUR— extras, $4 4p@4 50: bakers'
extra?, $4 lyd/i 25 per bbl.
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornm^ul, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 2 >; Oat Groats,
$4 &0; Hominy, 13 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
@>4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 &5;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley). $5 Ss@6 25; in sacks, 15 65(26 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, %i 50
per 100 lbs. t'Z-M*
HAY AND FEKDSTUFFS.
It Is unlikely that any more Missouri Hay
•will be Imported, as the importers cannot get
out even on It here. For choice Wheat Hay
$17 60 was refused yesterday. Alfalfa was
weak, but the other descriptions were un
changed. ...
Feedstuffs stood as before.
BRAN— SIS 60''i'16 per. ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $25@26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. **I'<i'3l 50; Job
bing, $32432 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24<jip25; Cotton
seed Meal. $28640 per ton; Corn meal, $23@)23 50:
Cracked Corn, (34024 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $17(3>17 60 for
good and $14^16 for lower grades; no choice
coming in; Wheat *and Oat. $14 uO^lG 50, Oat.
$13315; Barley. $13?t14 SO; Island Titrley. Sil'fJi
12 50; Alfalfa, $11@12 B0; Stock. „ $11@12;
Clover, 'nominal. ~ * ■• - -
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat, $13@14 CO; Oat. $12013 50: Cheat, $n@
13: Timothy. $11 50@13 50; Alfalfa, $1101150
per ton.
STRAW— 4O@6Oc per bale. .
• BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are running along about the same,
colored being weak and dull and white de
scriptions firm.
BEANS— Bayou. $2 65i9>2 70: Kmall Whites,
J2<@2 15: Large whites, $1 mil 93;' Pinks. $2 2."><B>
2 35; Reds, $2 60@2 75; Blackeye, $3 15<??3.25;
Butter*, nomit.al: Limas, »3@3 15; Pea. *2@2 15;
Red Kidneys, *2 o<>ff2 76 per ctl. ■
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25& A 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. Hfti 25; Flax, nominal. $2@2 10;
Canary Seed. 2%82%c per Tb; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 5%e; Rape. 2%®2%c; Hemp, 2«i'<pSc; Tim
othy. 505V4C. -■.! • «
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. »1 75©1 90; Green. $2 25
per ctl. '
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Tomatoes continue firm and In light supply
at the high prices. Other Vegetables are In
liberal stock and cheap.
Potatoes and Onions show no change worthy
oi note. i
POTATOES— In sacks for Early Rose
and 50090 cm sacks and 75c(gU 10 In boxes
for BufbanK*: Salinas ■ Burbanks. <oc@?l la;
Sweet Potatoes, 2@3c per lb. ' . «»/--«»
ONIONS— We per ctl for red and 604}. 0c
per ctl for yellow. Pickle Onions, 7a©9oc per
etl .
VEGETABLES— Gre«>n Peas, 3c; - String
Beans. 2@4c per lb: Lima Beans. 2-3 3 c; Bay
Squash, 20a30c; Green Peppers. 35@a0c for
Chile and Do«f6sc lor Bell; Cabbage, 50c per
ctl: Carrots 30@50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
25@30c; Pickles. 75c for No. 1 and 40<&f.0c per
box for No. 2; River Tomatoes, $1 25<f?l 75; Green
Corn, 40^rS5c p*r sack for Vacavllle, Jocftl 25
per crate for Alameda. 40@65c for Berkeley;
Garlic, 2(f 2Hc per lb: Green Okra, 50(gCOc; Egg
Plant, 35<g.60c per box. : ■
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desslcated. 16@18c; granulated. raw. 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13?: new. ISc: Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c ; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two ears of Eastern are announced for the
early part of the week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, leS'lSc' for Gob
-blers and 15©lSc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@
1 25; Gosling, $1 &©] 50; Ducks. $2 50@3 for old
and 12 50@4 for young; Hens. 13 50@4 50; Roos
ters, young, $506; Roosters, old, $4 25© 4 50;
Fryers, $4 50; Broilers, $3 oo@l for large, $2 50
@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50#l 75 per dozen
for young and SISTI 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is steady at. the quoted rates, though
the market is. amply supplied for all current I
needs. Cheese and Eggs are unchanged.
BUTTER—
j Creamery— Fancy creameries, 23@24c: fee
' onds, 21<g>22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 20@22c; common
grades, 18@19c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 14@15c per lb;
Elgin, nominal. '■*.••-,■
CHEESE- Choice mild new. 9%@10c; old. S® ;
9c; Cream Cheddar, 103 lie; Young America, j
10011 c; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS — Kanch Eggs. 21@25c per dozen; store
Eggs, 14&mic; Eastern, 14@17c for ordinary
and IS® 20c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Though fine shipping Peaches sold as high
as 60<- per box, they formed but a small, per
centage of the stock and the great bulk of sup
plies were unsalable, even at 15@35c per box.
The genera! run of Peaches sold as quoted be-
I low. Pears were In about the same condition.
J The canners would take a few . strictly choice
I large, but would not lock at anything else.
As for Plums the market has been choked with
them for a week. In fact, all three of these
fruits glut the market, though lighter stocks
are expected this week.
Grapes and Melons show no particular
change, both being In ample spply.
Unions and Limes continue firm, being very
I scarce
I DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $4(g6 per chest for large and
for small.
Figs. 50c for white and 75c@*l 33 for black,
double layers.
Cantaloupes, $1 60^4 per crate; Nutmegs,
$I@l 75 per box; Watermelons. $5@20 per hun
dred.
Huckleberries, 6®7c per lb.
Red Nectarines, ;.o@7sc; White Nectarines,
25@50c per box. '-■
i White Grapes. 40<g50c per box; Black Grapes,
4Wr<bsc per crate; Muscats, 50@85c per crate;
! Isabellas. 40c per basket. .
Blackberries. *2@3 50 per chest.
Plums, 25©50 c per crate and 25@50c per box;
In bulk, $7 50@15 per ton.
Apricot 3. 60#75c per box.
Peaches, 15@60c per box; In bulk, to canners.
$20(<530 for Freestones; Clings, nominal.
Craba->[les, Zs©4oc per box.
Raspberries. $s<g7 per box.
Apples, 35's<50c for common, and 7oc®Sl per
Bartlett Pears. 75<fi00c per box and $23030
per ton frr No. 1, and 25(g^Oc per box and $10®
f>o per ton for «mall and inferior stock.
CITRUS FKUITS— Oranges, II X©l SO for St.
Michael*. Sl@l 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and TV- ill -•'■ for Seedlings; Lemons, $2 50^3
tor sommon and H<if -> for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. f7©B: .Bananas. Jl 2502 per
bunch: Pineapples. i'3@* per dozen.
■■'■:■■
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
Prunes are the quietest fruit In the list,
th >;:rli there are a few sales of the new crop
reported. Pears, Peaches and Apricots are all
firm nnd wanted.
DRIED FRUIT — New Prunes, 3%@4c
for the four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots.
6©SHc for 40-50**, «H ! 9'Sc for •'' *-«»■?, S%Q4o for
60-70's. 3H'P~3Hc for 70-80's. t%*93c for SO-SO^s. 2@
2\io for 10 100's; new Peaches, 7©74 c; old
Peaches, B^4©6V4Cj peeled, nominal; new Apri
cots, S^iS'lOc for Royals and 15®17V2C for Moor
parks; old Apricots, 5'57c for Royals and vglOc
for Good to fancy Moorparks; Evaporated Ap
ples. S^-gVc: sun dried. 3«4c; Black Figs, sacks.
26 -Vi*- 1 : Plum*. 4@4%c for pitted and l<&li*c for
unpitted; bleached Plums. sc; Nectarines, 3@
4^c for prime to fancy; Pears. 3fJsc for quar
ters and 3«:>V*c for halves, according to color,
etc. New Pears, ec fl»* quarters and 8c Tor
halves.
lIAISINS— 2@2\*c for two-crown, 2'iigi\c for
three-crown. 3®3Hc for four-crown, 3#4c for
Seedless Sultanas. 2VJ©3c for Seedless Mua
catela and $1(31 15 for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell. 7c for
eoft6h*ll; Almonds, 3&4 c for hardshell, 6@7c for
BOfUhell, S^'gSc tor paper shell; Peanuts. 4«
EV.c for Eastern and 4'^c for California- Pe
cans. 6VWSc; Filberts. 9H©loc; Brazil Nuts.
ggSc per ib; Cocoanuts. $4 5025 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, SJ?lOc for bright and ft#7c
for lower grades: water- white extracted. s^4©
6c. light amber extracted, 4*i@s%c per lb
BEESWAX— 24@i6c per lb. . : . l
PROVISIONS.
There is no further change In this market.
CUItKD MEATS— Bacon, Bi*c per Ib tor
heavy, 9c for light medium, lOVic for light. lie
lor extra light and 12\' <&lZc for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 19V6@'Ilc; Califor
nia Hams, ?It'ftloe:? I t'ftloe: Mess Beef, |U<(flO oO per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, Jll'jll 50;- Family Beef,
I!2tfrl2 GO; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear.
$18<glS SO; mess, $15 50016; Smoked B»ef, 11912 c
per IT>.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per n>
for compound and "Vie for pure; palls. So;
California tierces, 5c per IT> for compound and
7c for pure; half barrels, 7Vic; 10-rb tins, 8c;
5-rb tins, B'4c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%<i?CHc; packages
less than 300 Its— l-It> pails. 60 in a case, 9Vic;
3-rt) pails. 20 In a case. S%c; 5-Tt> pails. IS in a
case, 8 1 ,4 c; 10-It) pails. 6 In a case, S?io; 50-rb
tins 1 or 2 In a case, 774 c;7 7 4c; wooden buckets, 20
tt>s net, S'pc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs i..-t, 75.;0:7 s .;o: half
barrels, about 110 Its, 7\c . per rt>. :;.„. .- j
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOf.. AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell I
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted j
steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, S^; Cow- j
hides. 9c; Stags. :6'4c; salted Kip, SVic; Calf, j
9e; dry Hides, sound. 15c; Culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17@I8c;
Goatskins, 27%@30c; medium. 30c; winter, 10c; j
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15$>25c each: short wool, I
:>. ■ ■■< in,- each; medium, 606 80 c; long wool; 90c@
$1 10 each: Horsehides. salt, $2 20 for large
and $I@l 75 for small; Colts. 50c; Horsehides,
dry. $1 75 for large and 7&c&'sl 25 for small;
Colts. ?flc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%c per It; No. 2,
2%c: refined, 4%©4% c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fail clip. Southern Mountain, 7©loc;
free Northern, S@l2c. Spring clip-Southern
Mountain, 12 months', S@llc; San Joaquln and !
Southern. 7 months', 8@10c: Foothill and !
Northern, free. l2'&'Hc; Foothill and Northern, |
defective. 10@12c; Middle County, 13#16c: Hum- i
boldt and Mendoclno. 14@16c: Nevada. l<Mfl4c; |
Eastern Oregon, 10®12c: Valley Oregon, 15@17c. j
The circular of Jacob Wollner says: "Our J
Wool market this week has been very quiet |
and there have been no buyers in the field. In
the Eartern seaboard markets tne same condi
tion Is reported. • • • •
"This Is the opening of the lightweight sea- |
son and but very fpw orders are being placed.
There Is a cood deal of looking . around by
agents from all over the country, but very little
has been bought or ordered. Still, the situation
is very strong, ac with the largest wheat crop
e.-.r produced In the United States, with peace
at hand the country in a prosperous condition,
people will buy goods of the retailer and he wlh
have to replace his stock and so create a de
mand for manufactured goods. The manufac
turer if not ho overstocked with new material
as he was nine months ago and he will have to
come into the market. 
"There is no expectation of having a very
great advance on Wool until the oil stock Is
worked off and the tremendous Importations of
goods before the tariff went Into effect are
disposed of. the meantime, very little can be
"Still In the meantime, very little can be
done.- All we. can expect Is to get prices up
to the same rates as prevailed in October and j
November last." i.L'.»w" t*.
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9@12» per id.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grnln Baps. 4 ! h»!??4%c: Wool
GaKB 2Cg-28c; San Quentln Bags, %i 85; Fruit
Bags, Ec, -.5>,i and b%c for the three grades of
white and 7®Sc for brown.
t^GALr— We!»ngtun. $S per ton: New Wel
lington. »3; Southlleld Wellington. $7 &0; Seat
tle $6- Bryant -' $6; Coos Bay. $*; V, allsend.
$7 BO: Cumberland, $13 in bulk and 114 50 In
Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
""TURPENTINE- Is higher at 4Sc per gallon
in cases. 45c In wooden barrels and 43c in
lr BUOAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes. ; terms net cash: Cub.-, crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6>»c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, 6%0; Confec
tioners' A. 5%c; Magnolia A, 5M,c; ■ Extra C,
D^c; Golden C. 5%c; California A. 5%c per lb;
half barrels, Uc more than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The packers will not pay over 4c for the best
Hogs, and are not very eager buyers at this
decline. .:, ' "
Wholesale rates for . dressed ' stock ■ from
slaughterers are as follows: ■ - ■
-BEEF— First quality, 6^; second .' quality,
6%@6c: third quality. <Vi®sJ*c. „ • ._
= VEAL— Large. 4@>Se;: small. 6@7c per D.
MUTTON-Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6@6%c
penlb. ■' "..,■-■,■" •■'■ ''\-_j ■ , ■ ■'■
LAMB— Bprlnpr. 7®ißc per tt>.
I PORK— Hogs, 3%c tor larga, io for m«
dlum and 3H<ff3^c for small; stock Hogs.
3c; dressed Hogs, 5y t (§6^c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, August 13.
Flour, qr eks ... 13.800 Hay, tons 630
Barley, ctls 3,930 Wool, bales »»
Tallow, ctls 204 Pelts, bdls %*»
Cheese, ctla 71 Hides, no 3S<
Butter, ctls 309 Eggs, doz 14.820
Eeang, sks 408 Leather, rolls ... Wj
Potatoes, oks ... 1.677 Lumber, ft 10.000
Onions, gks 24S Wine, gals 4S.iW
Bran. sk3 ._ 277 Powder, cs i
Middlings, ska .. 120 Mmc, bbls 1-0
OREGON.
Hay, tons 20!
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10,
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were fairly active for Sat
urday. Hawaiian Commercial advanced to $26
and Spring Valley Water declined to $39.
Mining stocks stood about where they were a
week ago. and fluctuations during the mean
time were not sharp.
The Mercur Mining Company of Utah has
declared a dividend of 124 cents per share,
amounting to $25,000. payable August 20, and
making $1,141,000 In dividends since organiza
tion.
The Jamison Mining Company will pay a div
idend of $19,500 on the 15th.
The Boston and Montana Copper Mining Com
pany has declared a dividend of $5 per share,
amounting to J750.000, payable August 20.
The War Ea#le Mining Company will pay a
dividend of $30,000 on the 15th.
President Charles H. Fish, of the general
committee on Comstock drainage and deep
mining, has appointed the following members
of the executive committee: Charles Hlrschfeld,
George R. Wells, C. L. McCoy, W. G. Morrow
i and John Landers. Mr. Fish is also a member
I ex-offlcio. At the next meeting of the general
committee the executive committee is to be en-
I larged by Ac addition of E. P. Barrett to rep
resent the San Francisco Stock and Exchange
Board and William Barman to represent the
Pacific Stock Exchange.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Auguat 13—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— IMutual El Co. &% 10
Is quar coup..lllV4ll2Vi:Oakland Gas.. — 52
Is quar re?...lllWU-Vi Pac Gas Imp.. 87 —
4a quar new. . .127^128 I Pac L Co 48 60
Miscellaneous— IS F G & E... 87% —
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — iSan Fran .... — 3%
Cal El 6s 125 — [stock Gas .... 13 —
I C C Wat ss. . SJ9 l '- — Insurance —
! Dup-Bt ex c... - 98V4 Flrem's Fund.197V4205
E L & P 6s..l2S\i — Bank StocKs—
F&CI Ry 65..115Vk — Anglo-Cal .... «0 —
Geary-st R Es. 93 100 Bank of Ca1.. 244 247H
HC & S . <.5..100 105 :al SD 4 T.. - 97
' A L Co «s.. — 100 First Nat 200 —
Do gntd fls.. »r%lflo^ Urn P & A.... 128^ —
Market-st 6s..lL'sVi — Mer Exchange 14 15
Do Ist M 65. .115^4 — Nev Nat 8. . ..158%m^
Nat Yin 6s Ists — 97V4 Savings Bank
s' CNG Ry 73.105 — Ger S & L..1550 1850
: N Ry Cn.l 65. 109 112 Hum S & L.IOM 1160
: N Ry Cal 55..102»i103V» Mutual Say. — 42*
NPC R R «s. — 105 3 F Say U.. 455 600
iNP CR R Is.ttOKlM S & L 50.... — 100
: N Cal R R 6s. — — Security SB. 300 —
! Oak Gas 5s :00 — L'nion T Co.l'XK) —
1 Do 2d is 55.. 109 %— j Street Railroad—
Om Ry 63 127 — jCallfornia 106 108
p & 6 6s 107 — 'Geary 40 —
P C 1 Ry 65.104>*106 i Market-st ...b3%oihi
Powell-st 65...11S — jPresldio 7\ Sva
| Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder—
LBac El Rv 55. 100 — California 130 149
SF& N P 55.107 T 6IOBH'E Dynamite... £5 —
Sierra RCal 6b. — 103 i Giant Con Co. 43 4S%*
SPof Ar «»..10iiVil06*lvigorit — 3
S P Cal 6s '10 — Miscellaneous —
SPC Is eg 5a.. 101 — Al Pac Assn.. 95*4 95%
8 P Br 6s 115Vill<>'<i Ger Ld Wks.l2s —
S V Wat Ss.llM-s — IHana P C 0.... 15% 1«
S V Wat :5...102 102'41H C & S Co.. 26 26^
Ptock Gas 65. .100 — Hutch S P Co. 53% —
Water Stocks— M<«r Ex Assn. itO —
Contra Costa.. 50 56 Nat Yin C 0... — 7
i Marin Co 60 j- Oceanic S Co. 55=4 58!~
Spring Valley. 9<"i 99 iPaclflc A F A. V& 2-*
Gas & Electric— Par Bot C 0... .100 104
Cent Gaslight. los — Pur Pa'.nt Co. 7% —
Morning: Session.
200 HutchSnson S P Co 54 00
120 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar..... 16 75
105 do do 25 S7#
880 do. do 26 00
30 Market-street Railway £8 75
40 Spring Valley Water '■ 99 50
20 do do 99 00
$2000 Spring: Valley 4s Bonds 102 12V4
J2oiio S F & N P Ry Bonds 107 87%
$2000 do do 108 00
Street—
100 Mutual Electric Light 9 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
105 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 26 00
20 do do 25 S7V4
MINING STOCKS. ■
\ Following were the salesgirl the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: <
Morning Se?slon.
300 Alpha 04 TOO Justice 07
800 Andes 03 100 Mexican 14
tOO 8.-at & Belcher. 15 2"0 15
UQ 14 200 Ophir 22
£00 Bullion 03 s*lo Overman 04
jrvi Caledonia 21 300 Scorpion OS
50" Chollar I* 100 Sierra Nevada... 5j
M» Con Cat & Va.. 33 SOO 58
3C>o Gnuld & Curry- 1- 600 Union Con 21
300 Hale & Norcrs. 80 «
Following were the Bales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes WiSEOHale & Norcrs. 80
°0u Beli- her 14 300 Mexican 16
300 Best & Belcher. 15; 400 Ophlr 24
tOO Bullion 03J200 a
600 Caledonia 20.100 Potosi 17
300 Con Cal & Va... 31 300 Savage 12
«*i 34 300 Sierra Nevada... 5*
950 " 3 J 200 Silver Hill 12
200 Confidence 38 W; Union Con , 22
J'j Crovrn Point .... li 300 Yellow Jacket... 20
SOO Gould & Curry.- 15 i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. August 13—12 m.
Bid. Ask. Hale & Norcrs. 80 —
Bid.Ask. Julia 01- 02
Alpha 04 05 Justice 07 08
Alta 08 09 Kentuck ....... 04 0»
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash ... — 01
Belcher 14 15 Mexican • 15 17
Benton Con ... — 12 Occidental ..... 50 —
Best & Belcher. 13 16 Ophlr .". 22 24
Bullion 02 03 Overman 01 05
Caledonia 20 21 Pot-si 16 17
Chollar 18 20 Savage 12 13
Challenge Con. 14 16 Scorpion ....... 03 —
Confidence 38 40 Peg Belcher ... — Op
! Con Cal & Va. 35 36 Sierra Nevada. 56 59
I Con Imperial .. — 01 Sliver Hill .... — 20
Crown Point ... 12 13 Syndicate — OS
Con New York. 01 02 standard .......1 55 165
Eureka C0n.... 20 — Union Con 22 23
Exchequer — 04 Utah 06 07
Gould & Curry. 14 i 6 Yellow Jacket. 20 22
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
IT.
W.
P 1 . F. | S.
04 06 05
08 08 08
04 03 04
11 12 14
11 IS 15
02 02 03
16 20 21
13 13 14
16 18 i 19
40 31 | 35
I 87 37 40
10 11 12
14 14 IS
79 70 80
07 06 07
11 11 18
16 20 32
04 04 04
52 50 50
16 17 17
10 11 12
041.... ....
1 80|l 35 1 36
49 52 59
17 20 22
06 06 06
I IF 19 20
T.
Alpha 1
AHa
Andes • — <
Belcher
Best & Belcher
Bullion ••
Caledonia
Challenge
Cho|lar
Con. Cal. & Va
Confidence •
Crown Point
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross
Justice - •
Mexican
Ophlr .........
Overman
Occidental
Potosl •••
Savage
Seg. Belcher "..
Standard
Sierra Nevada
Union .' •'•
Utah
Yellow Jacket ... — ..
m
■ m » -
TELEPHONE CHARGES AND COSTS
IN ITALY. . '
In an article in the London Electrician
on "The Telephone in Italy," the tariff
in Florence, where .there are 900 sub
scribers, is given as the equivalent of
$30 per annum within 1000 yards of the
exchange, running up by stens as -the
distance increases. An interesting fact is
that the switchboard operators receive a
salary (?) of from $6 to $12 per.month,
■working seven to eight hours per day.
Linemen receive from 40 to 60 cents
per day for ten hours' work.', extra time
being paid for at the rate of 4 cents per
hour. * ' " ■ ; ■ '' ■ '
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Mo
I
s
Moon"* Ph ■*•»•*.
T
M
S
II
IT
w
i
v
v
a l"»'i mm i.
V*/ Aujrast I.
Ar-ffr.t 8
j*Sl Sew Mpu'l
W Auguat »7.
-mKlrsi Quarter.
9 Aujrust it
s»
n
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of.
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the i
office, where complete sets of charts and gall- '
Ing directions of the world are kept on band ,
for comparison and reference, and the 'a' 68 *
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce. _ _
The time ball on the tower of the new F . er t l?
building, a. the foot of Market street, is noljsteu
about ten minutes before noon and dropped ai
noon. 120«h meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal. .
A notice stating whether the ball was droppea
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the mjrntng papers the following day.
CIIAS. P WELCH.
i:nsijrn (retlrei). I. S. X.. In charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and, Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Misslon-f-tr'et wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide l.s the same at both places.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 14.
Sun rises 5:23
Sun set 7:04
Mr. on sets ....'....2:34 a. m.
!'
I-
Timf'
Feet. !Feet.i
i
0.1 10:40 4.1
0.0 11:07 4.4!
—0.1 11:30 4.D
0.0! 11:61 4.7
0.1! 12:11 4.8
0.3 12:: i! 4.9 i
jL W
5.1 6:15 0.6 1
|l w
w
H Wl
8:
3:>
4:
I *:•
6::
5"
H A
0:i
2:34
! 3:21
4:01
4-40
5:19
5:53
|H W
12:52
3.4 8:31
3.3 9:17
3.1 10:01
2.7 10:42
2.3 11:23
1.9
L W
5.0 6:42
1.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column nnd the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are hat
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, August
13. IK9B.
The rime ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
zarlna jppattle | Aug. 15
oos Bay | Newport I Aug. 13
tatuCalifornla Portland iAug. 15
'matllla ;victor!a & Puget Sound Aug. 15
lty ■"•f Sydney. ! Manlla Aug. 15
rrata ; Coos Bay Aug. 15
rfzaba iHumboldt Aug. 16
:mp!re i !Coos Bay Aug. 16
omcna iSan Diego Aug. 17
lenfarg 'China and Japan (Aug. 17
aipti-alla I Manila Aug. 17
rescent City...! Crescent City Aug. 13
rorn*r 'Newport ' Aug. 19
"hilkat IHumboldt ! Aug. 19
Itanla !Nanaimo iAug. 19
olumbia ! Portland iAug. '-0
ueen 'Victoria & Puget Sound Auk. 2"
anta Rosa !San Diego iAug.2l
.usfca!
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. 1 Pier.
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Aug. 14, 10 am ' Pier 9
Newburg •• Humboldt.... Aug. 15. 10 ami Pier 4
Santa Rosa San Diego ..; Aug. 15, 11 am Pier 11
Chilkat ..- Humboldt Aug. 15, 9am Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt.... Aug. 16. 9am Pier 2
Coos Bay... Newport Aug. 17. Sam-Pier 11
Arcata ..... ! Coo* Bay Aug. 17. 10 am Pier 13
State of Cal Portland Aug. 18, 10 am Pier 12
Curacao ... ; Mexico Aug. IS. 10 am Pier 9
Cy Panama Panama ...... Aug. 13, 12 mIPMSS
Orizaba .... Humboldt . . . .: Auk .IS. 10 amlPier 9
Pomona .... San Diego. .-...|Aug. 19, 11 am Pier 11
Umatilla .. Vie & Pgt Sd.|Aug. 19. 10 am Pier 9
Homer Newport *«»«-£• .! am Pier 11
Columbia . . Portland I Aug. 23. 10 am|Pler 12
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING i.\TKL.Li*ikN^X5.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, August 13.
Stmr Mineola, David, 80 hours from Tacoma.
p'trnr Mackinaw, Littlefl^ld. 84 hours from
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson. 16 hours from Fort
Stnfr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 58 hours from
.Chilkat, Anderson. 27 hours from Eu
""aus stmr Slam. Rfticlch. 3 days 23 hours fm
Duncan, 132 days from Phila
de Br n ih'ip Australian. Jolllff. 148 days fm Hull.
Br bark Invercauld, Jackson, 145 days from
Bark Mohican, Paunders. 33 days fm Hono
1U Bark Agate, Suttis. 177 days from New York.
P^hr J S Wall. BJornstrt>m. 2 days from Eu
re Schr Fortuna. Rosich, 4 hours from Eureka.
Schr Anita, Funcke. 10 days from Ensenada.
CLEARED.
Saturday, August 13.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Honskon?, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama: O & O S S Co .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace. \ ictoria and
Port Townsend; Cfoodall. Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. August 13.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson.
gtmr Homer. Jpsscr.. San Pfrlro
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Cresoent City.
Stmr Bonita. Nicolson. southern coast.
gtmr Leelanaw, Ptorrs. St Michael.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria.
Br stmr Doric. Smith, Yokohama and Hong
kong, via Honolulu.
Tug Monarch, Thompson, Astoria.
Bktn S N Castle. Hubbard, Honolulu.
Srhr Ocean Spray, Ostlin, Ivereens Landing.
Sohr C H Merchant, Ols^n. Grays Harbor.
Schr Ancelus. Mucr. Cooks Inlet.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Aug 13. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind W: velocity 12 miles.
CHAPTERS.
The Burma, Parnassus. Samaritan and Sea
farer load nitrate at Iquique for Cork, 3f>s;
Celtic Chief, salmon at Victoria for London,
32s 6d.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr Brtxham,
from St Michael.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived Aug 3— Brk Car
rollton, from Nanaimo, and not as reported
previously.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Arcata,
hencp Aue 10.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Aug 13— Stm Green
wood. ht»nre Aug 12.
USAL- Sailed Aug 13— Schr Edward Parke.
for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 13— Ptmr Newsboy, hence Aug
NEHALEM RlVEß— Sailed Aug 9— Schr
Seven Sisters, for San Franrisro.
Sailed Aug 11— Schr Volant, for San Fran
° PORT LOP ANGELES— SaiIed Aug 13— Ger
ship Parnassus, for IqulQUf.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 13 -Ship
rnshlnjr Wave, from San Diego; bark Harry
Morse, hence July 2?.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Aug 12.
ALBlON— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Cleone for
San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— AiTIved Aug 13— Stmr Coquille
River, hence All* 12.
ALBlON— Sailed Aug 13— Schr Mary Dodge
tor .
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug 13— Schr Dewey hnc
July 24. Aug 12— Br ship Euphrosyne, 'from
Port Los Angeles.
Palled Aug 12— Stmr State of California, for
San Frnncisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 13— Bktn Jane L Stan
ford, for Sydney.
PAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 13— Schr Comet
from Port Ludlow.
ETRKKA-S.iiled Aug 13— Schr Chas E Falk
for Snn Franci<<co.
Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Orizaba, hence Aug 12.
FORE I , • PORTS.
ANTWERP-Arrived Aug 11-Br bark tflths
dale, from Oregon.
Sailed Aug 11— Br ship Wasdale, for San
Francisco.
LONDON— Arrived Aug 12— Br ship Senator,
from Oregon.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO To' MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, 'SiOO. *9:30, 11:00 a. m :
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, '9:00, 'IOiOO, 11.C0. ll;30
a m ; 1:00. *1:45, -2:30. N:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays
E'3op. m dots not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO JAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:35, 7:55. 8:25. «9:30
a. m ; «12:20, 2:10, »3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:C0, 'D^o. ♦10:43, '11:4s
a. m. : 1:0*. 2:20, «3:30, »5:15, *6:00. 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked • *tart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:55. 8:43. 10:10
a. m. : 12:40. 2:25, 3:55, 4:5:., 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20,
8:40. 3:55, 5:30, 6:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'n*.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted) — To-
Oialea and way stations.
8:00 a. m Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I:4ft pu m. Suudays— Point Reyes and way sta'im.
BAUj&OAD travel.
. _i i— '- ' "^ _j^
:M>UTIIKKX t*A«.iriC COBFAW.
(PACIFIC S¥»TICI«.) . ■
Train. IniTi* nml »r« .Ih« *• •■"■*•• ••
UK nt.4M:i!«:«. •»*;
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
CEATB - From JULT 10. 1898. - An *™
"m;TOOa Nilei San Jose and Way Stations... 7*:***
7:OOa Hptiicii, SuUun «nd Sacramento.... *«.*•»*.
7:OO\ MaryßVille, OroTilleaud Redding tl* _
Woodland.... «.'¥£
7:»0a Elmira, V*carille Fnd Rumsey.. . . . . ■■*•»'
7:30 a Martinez. Sanßiimon, Vallejo. Napa, _-__
Cali-togaaud Santa Rosa ......... [llZl
N:««a Atlantic EzpMW, Ugileu and Ka»t.. »r««»r
: m;i»A Kan .lose, Htockton, Valley Spring, ; ■ .
lone, Sacrameuto, MarynTillo,
CUico. Tohima and Red Ulutt.... * ! "!:^
Hi'.lO\ l'ctere, Oakdale »ad Jamestown .i.i«»
•S:3OA Milton ••■•• •* llII »
9:WOa New Orleans 7 .u>regs. Merced, Kre«- .
-. ; no, BakersliulJ, Santa P.arhara. •
I^s Al■Kele^ Doming, El Paso, ._
New Orleans and East • '*•*'
1O:OOa Vellejo. Martinez and Way Stations .2*™
•|:OOp Sacramento lti»er .Sto»in«r«... «S.iar
. San Jose, Nilee and Way Stations... J»-»»a
2:OOp Livt-rmore, Mendota. Hanford and A«_
Visalia • * •ii»»
Li»erniore, San Jose, NHos and *',11k,.«., llk ,.«.
4:»OpMartiii o e^!"Ba'u "Vu'nVw. •,;••„•■;• * IQll **
4:« Or Martina, Sail ltamo". Vallejo
Najia. (;»li»U)(ja. Xl Vtrano and O|lOA
4<l»Op Benioia. VacaTille, Woo.U»od. ,
Knight* landing, Marj»T«le, Oro- ,^ s4aA
4:»«>p Nlteafsui Je«e, Tracy and Stockton \ '='*:
" 4:30p Stockton and LodL.... ■••-•-■ m " *
«:3Op Lathrop. Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Moja?e, Santa Barbara and l-oa 7|4! i 4
Meroed'"(Rayo l <' nd for -_._
Yosemite) and Fresno ••••••••• ■"*"
4:: tor HaiiU IV Jtoute, Atlantic Kxi>ress _. 4 _
for Mojave ami Kast.. ■■■■■•■••— 2:|a'
*tO»rKnropeaiiMi»ll, O«.len and Kast.... »••**
••:"»i- V»iieji> • •riaal
BiOOi- llarwnrilo, Nil.«»n.l Man .105e...... 7J »» A
J7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bt»- j 9j43r -.-
tions i ■• * wn ~ T
»:««l> Oregon Kxi>ri'i"s,Sacriuue«'*o, »■*'»•:■
*ille. 1tr.1.1i., , I'ort.auil. Puget
H».-:»l .iiml Kxat »H»A
SAN I.KA-M»Kt» AMI lIAYWAKIIS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 JlelrONC, Seminary Park, ( £!?.
«:OOa Kitchhnr*. Klmhnrat, io^Sa
»:OOa Saw I.eaiKlro, South ;v;1»t
tii : o»M Lore»*o, Cherry tl:4sp
1 W.|M»p »»<• J2:45p
.VOUP Hay ward.. «3:«P
7:OOp i Runs through to Nile*. 7i*»r
. J t From Kilee. I '
1 COiST I»IVISM»" (Narrow «aai^i).
•V"/; ■■;-■'■■■ ' Foot of Market Street.)
X T:4.-va fc^"^™ Jg^-^SS?..^ 1 . :,*a,
B:lSANewirk,CeDterTllle.SanJoße,Felton.
Boulder Creek, and Way
Stations ■ ... ■ . •-•-- • — ■ • •» ao *
•2:lSp Newark, Centerville, San Joee Hew
Almaden. Folton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way #JO . S
Stations 'losanx
4:1 5P San Jose. Glenwood * Way Station. 9««Oa
04:13p Boulder Creek and Banta Cni» j»:8OA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fr.mSHH rUHCISCO-root of Market Stre.t (Slip jBfc-
•7ls 9:00 ll:0(IA.ll. 11:00 *2.00 t3:00
•4:00 t6:00 '6:00 r.u.
rr.niOUU»-r««t»?Broadw.T.- # «:00 8:00 10^0 4.M.
J12:00 '1:03 ta:O0 *3:00 ti:00 'B^)or.H.
COAST 111 VISION (Broad O«age).
(Third and Townaend Ste.)
•7:OOa Han Jo«e ami Way SUtioim (New
Aliuaden Wednesdays only) •• li»O»
t7::tO» Sunday Excursion lor Ban Joaa,
SauU Cruz, Pacific Orote and
Principal Way Stations J»i»op
9:OOa Han .!<>se, Tre< linos, .Santa Cruz.
Pacific Gro»«, Paso Rubles, Sail
Luis Oblapo, Guadaluiie, Surf and
Principal Way- Stations Al}?'A 1 }?'
I»i4Oa Sail .lose »■■•! Way Stations *■ :<»«A
lli:t»A Ban Ji«e and W*y Stations •S:33a
•2:45 Mateu, Redwood, M-.alo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Han Jose,
. Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Crui,
SHlinas, Monterey and Paciao
(JroTe "lOtan^
•»:»«p San J<is«^iii<l Way Stations •»i«»O*
•4:l."»p San Jose an. l Principal Way Stations 9:4Sa
•5:« op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33»
S:SOr Sail Jose an.l Principal Way Stations S:3Op
8:;t«,- San Jose an.l Way Stations 7:S!lp
tll;4r>p San Joaenn.l Way Stations ..... 7:aup
A for Morning. P for Aftennx>n.
• Hiinriajr* exempted. I Sundays only. * Saturdays only
| Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH. PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Titmroa Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAM FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9.00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:35.
B. SO, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips at 1:31
and 11:30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— 3:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; c 1:30, -. 8:S0.
£:fIC.-S:3O p. m. ------- ■■'■ * ...»
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 1*:«.
t.AO, 6:10 p. nr. Saturdays — Extra trips »t
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:*o.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
1 Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
same schedule as above. ,
Leave Arrive
: San Francisco. In Effect ! San Francisco.
I _ June 29, •
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- I Week
i Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:33 am S:Ooam Novato. 10:40 ami B:4oam
B:Sopm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 5:00 prn Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geyserville.
8:33 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:36pm 6:22pm
7:3. ami I Hopland and I jlO:2sam
B:Sopm| 8:00 am| I'kiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
B:Sopm t-ttyca.
7:3oam 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
I and
6:lopm 5:00 pm] Glen Ellen. [ 6:10 pm 6:?2pm
~7T3oarn| S:ooam| Sebastopol. 10:40 amllO :25am
«:30pm| 5:00 pm| | 7:3s pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaj?*rs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
I Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side- Lierlev's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullvllle. Boonevine. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced' rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER. R X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time
L«ave San Francisco. 4:Bo p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 6:00 p. ra.. W.T.F.B.S.M.T.
! Arrive Kansas City.. a. m.. T.F.8.8.M.T. W.
i Arrive St. Loui» 8:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T. W. .
\ Arrive Chicago .»:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W. A
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
VOIT WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa F».
m .FBAMCISCO TICKET OFFICE- — EZ§ MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15S1.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway. -r^-';
Saoramonto Offioe— 2ol J Streot.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clan 84.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jane 1. IS9B, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. . North-bound.
PaE9en- Mixed, Mixed, i Passen-
ger, Sunday Sta- Sunday i »er.
Daily. Exc'pted tlons. Exc'pted | Daily.
j 7:20 am 9:00 aml Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pra
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
j 10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:« am 125 p m
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rstid 2:30 a m!10:la a m
j 12:05 pm 7:50 p m Visalia 6:40 am[ 12:55 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton wlO steamboats or
| California Navigation and Improvement Com-
i pany, leaving San Francisco and StocKton at »
i i- i". dHiiy: »i M.M-.-.^i with stasres to ana from
Bnelling3, " Coulterville, Yosemite. etc.; also
with stage from. Hornitos.'Martposa. etc.; at
Lankerßhim with stage to and from Maaer*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. ■; /
. (Via Sausalito Ferry.) -
Le^-e San Francisco, commencing May
1898:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m-, I:*s and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 &<*
2:30 p. • m. ,' : . •
I Hound trip from Mill Valley, $1.
i THOS. COOK & SOX. Agents, 621 Ma**
street, San Francisco.BOYS' AND GIRLS ' PAGE
BINNIE AND
NED IN CUBA.
■■<■'• [Synopsis of preceding chapters. Blnnle and
.' Ked, the California boys, have started, with a
.' troop of Cuban patriots, to rescue the Senorlta
"! Julia, who has been carried away as a iris
' oner by the Spanish soldiers from her Cuban
': mountain home. Ramirez, a Cuban, who has
i ■'becomo a traitor, and who is now acting as a
"■ Spanish spy. has betrayed to the Spanish that
felr.nie and Ned and their followers are com
■■'■Vag, and the Spaniards have sawed the timbers
• ' : of a bridge over a deep canyon that Cubans
'. and Binnle and Nad may be trapped into rid-
I; ing upon the bridge, which still stands, but
. which was supposed not to be strong enough
: to hold their combined weight ]
CHAPTER IV.
WHILE Julia awaited the com
ing- of Binnie and Ned and
their Cuban followers her
heart was heavy. She tried
to escape that she might give
them warning and turn them back be
' tore It was too late. She reached the
"edge of the dense growth of treea and
bushes that bordered upon the trail
•akmg which she had been brought as a
; "prisoner by the Spaniards. A pistol
■ -click caused her to look around. Be
fore her stood the Spanish captain.
: "So," he said sneeringly, "my fair
:. young Cuban girl would leave us. Here,
■guard, tie this young lady tight and
fast; for she might get away. Do not
forget to put a gag in her mouth, for
she might be able to call aloud at a
time when we might prefer silence. She
: has tried to escape and hereafter she
• will be treated like any other prisoner."
■■"■■' Some hours passed, during which
Julia saw and heard all that took place,
'.but she was helpless. A sentinel, who
: had been stationed in a tree overhang-
Ing the trail, some distance from the
camp, gave the signal— 'The Americans
.axe coming."
Every Spaniard looked to his rifle
and pistols. The snapshooting of
Binnie had already inspired wholesome
■ respect for his prowess. On came the
Americans and their followers at an
easy canter. They saw the enemy and
■ halted for counsel. Seeing this and
afraid that his plans might fail after
all, the Spanish captain schemed quick
jy. A certain Spanish soldier had a
.voice like a woman's. Him the captain
called for instruction.
"Help, oil, nelp mo or It will Lre too
■. late."
These were the words that Binnie and
•Ned heard. Not uuubting that they
were spoken by Julia in appeal to them,
: .and fearing lest she might be under
going some form of torture at the
hands of the Spaniards to force her to
.give up Cuban secrets, Binnie gave the
'.. command in a ringing tone, "Forward."
Forward it was. Along tiie dusty
trail and onward to the bridge swept
the friends of the imprisoned girl, with
pistols in hand, ready to die for her if
..need be. At the head of the array was
. Binnie, spurring on his horse with all
the impatience of youth. The Span
iards, only a few of whom were per
■ "mined to be seen, awaited the fall of
. the' bridge as the hoofs of the American
-and Cuban horses struck sharply upon
••the planking at the farther end.
.'Through the thick foliage of the way
: side gleamed the wolfish eyes of Rami
rez, the spy, as he watched his former
:?:comrades conning on to certain death.
: ''But he gave no warning sound.
• How was this? The Americans and
:• /Cubans are already more than half way
■ : - : acr6ss the bridge and the structure
does not fall! They are seen to be
■ stronger in numbers than the Span
. -lards. "Dolts," hissed the Spanish cap
.tain, "the bridge does not even jar.
; One- minute and we shall be beaten.
PUZZLE— FIND THE HOSTLER.
. Ho there, guard, charge!"
; So the Spaniards, one and all, all ex
cept Ramirez, rode recklessly forward
to mee.t their foes, firing as they rode.
.What the issue of that day would have
..•been if the forces had met in battle
can never be known. The combined
"weight of the Spaniards and their ene
mies made the bridge break.
; - The structure shook like a man with
• the ague; then there was a loud and
.fearful crash and the timbers that had
been' cut partiy through dropped down
into- the abyss that yawned below. Men
ajid frightened horses, arms and a<
cbuterments went down with the wreck,
\vith the sound of shouts of alarm in
■the air and the final cracking of Span
ish and Cuban rifles, for the Cubans
had opened fire as soon as they saw
their enemies advancing. The bed of
•the mountain stream that brawled
through the deep canyon two hundred
feet below the trail was strewn with
sharp, jagged rocks. These received
. .many victims. To the edge of the can
.. yon, peering over, crept Ramirez, the
\ "fcpys Of all the men who not long be-
Vfore had been so full of life, not one,
\wlth the exception of the Spanish cap
tain, was seen by Ramirez to move,
yroaningr and bleeding the captain rose
Ind tried to climb up the steep side
I the canyon. The spy watched him
curiously from above, his wicked eyes
sparkling with a baleful light. No
sign betrayed his presence to the cap
tain; no hand was stretched forth to
help him, although it was evident to
the spy that the captain was badly
hurt. Slyly, like some loathsome beast
of prey, the sny now began to descend
the trail to the bottom of the canyon,
a path which few knew. Half way up
the dizzy wall of the canyon the cap
tain was clinging to a projecting bush,
which was stained with his blood; there
he was striving to rest that he might
go on upward. Before him, face to
face, suddenly stood Ramirez.
Anger flashed into the captain's face.
"Dog," he cried, "why have you not
come to my heln; and why, when you
saw my toil, did you not assist me to
find the trail?"
"I came down to say, captain," re
marked the villain, coolly, "that you
and I are the only survivors of this
day's foolish work."
"Foolish! How do you dare to In
sult a Spanish officer? Dog, begone! I
will see that you meet with your de
serts!"
"No more, no more," the words came
sternly from the spy. "No one shall
call Ramirez a dog!"
Th*Te was a flash, a Bharp cry and
the captain lost his hold and with a
pitiful cry fell back into the canyon,
dead.
The spy replaced his smoking revol
ver in his belt and rapidly retraced his
steps and reached the top of the can
yon once more. The idea came to him
on his upward path that some one
might have seen his act. He leaned
over the side of the canyon and
watched intently, with his pistol in his
ready hand. Woe to any one who then
manifested life in the depth of the can
yon Spaniard, American or Cuban
would have fared alike.' The only
thoueht of the spy was to destroy any
witness who might yet arise to tell of
his awful crime. All the troopers were
seemingly dead. In truth they were all
dead with the exception of the two
American boys and they were uncon
scious of all that was happening.
• It is well," at last said the spy, turn
ing away. "I did not mean to kill the
captain; only to bargain with him that
I should have all the reward for the
capture of the Senorita Julia. I thought
that I had the captain then in a place
where he would not haggle about the
terms — but he would quarrel with me.
Ah, well, it cannot be helped now. I
will now take possession of Julia. With
her as a prisoner and with my knowl
edge of the secrets of the Cubans I will
yet be a exeat man. First to see that
the pirl does not escape me."
Ramirez ' reached the abandoned
Spanish camp, expecting to find Julia
there. He could hardly believe his eyes
-when he saw that she was not. Where
was she? Had she witnessed the kill
ing of the Spanish captain? Of all per
sons on earth she was the most dan
gerous to his existence at this time.
She knew of his treachery to the cause
of Cuba. He had sat quietly by, giv
ing no warning when his countrymen
had rushed forward to their doom. He
was a double traitor — and she knew it.
His first thought was to seek her. His
second was that she might even now,
enraged by his acts, be in ambush,
ready to shoot him down- He mounted
the fleetest horse and turned to flee.
He must put miles between himself
and the girl before she could arouse
the whole countryside to hunt him. He
had given no mercy and well he knew
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGL^ST 14, 1898,
that he need not expect any mercy at
the hands of the Cubans when they
learned the truth about him. He
thought no more of his personal ad
vantage; safety was his first and only
aim now.
When he had departed, forth crept
Julia from her place of concealment.
There she had seen all that had taken
place. She made her way easily down
to the bottom of the canyon, taking the
most dangerous but quickest way.
There might remain life In some of the
unfortunate men. She had no thought
of her own danger; her duty was to
reach the wounded as soon as possible.
Tears flowed down her cheeks and
stifling sobs shook her frame as she
found her dead friends. But she went
resolutely forward, feeling for a flut
tering pulse; listening for the feeble
beat of a heart; smoothing tenderly
the hair from the foreheads of dead
Cuban patriots; sobbing as she found
them — father, brother, cousin, friends —
all dead— all except Binnie and Xed.
She at first thought that the two Amer
icans were dead. Upon the lip? of each
of the devoted band of patriots she
placed a kiss of farewell.
"Holy martyrs to the deathless cause
of freedom," she said, "God's love and
■TJJg 2\JMPXIft& LANDLADY;. AHDXJ&yEO;B YA } x /WNX2:f(
peace is yours."
Seized by a sudden impulse she,
standing erect, surrounded by her dead
countrymen, took up a machete which
had fallen from a trusty Cuban hand
and held it aloft toward heaven.
Above the hush of the forest, marred
only by the sound of a brawling moun
tain stream, rose the voice of the hero
ine, thrilling with Its pathos as she ut
tered the magic words, "Cuba Libre."
She seemed like the spirit incarnate
of liberty. Her eyes*, filled with tears,
still glowed with enthusiasm for her
native land. She once more resolved
to consecrate all her life to Cuba's
cause. On the blade of the machete
was a stain — the stain of a brother who
fell in an early battle for freedom. The
sunlight, shining upon the wreck of all
about her, kissed the hair of the hero
ine and rested lovingly upon hor.
Through the aisles of the forest sped
the sound of her voice; and Ramirez,
the spy, traitor to his native land, and
traitor to the friends and playmates of
his childhood, heard an echo that
seemed to chase him like an avenging
spirit:
"Cuba libre. Cuba libre."
Hardened as he was. wicked as he
was, a chill crept over his heart.
D. W. H.
(To be continued.)
A PRINCE OF THE BLOOD.
I SAY, Martin, stop that! How's a
fellow going to drink with Niagara
Falls coming down on him?"
Louis Ray, or Rufus, as the boys
called him, ro::e up angrily, with a
face as red as his head.
"All right," said Martin Stone, laugh
ing. "Go ahead and drink. I'll pump
easy for you."
Louis bent over again and put his
thirsty lips to the spout. This time his
tormentor moved the pump handle
about as fast as the hour hand of a
•watch and about three drops trickled
out.
"Pump, will you?" cried Louis.
"Oh, yes," roared the other, and Louis
was sputtering in a rush of the water,
while the boys exploded with laughter.
Louis sprang at Martin, shaking his
wet head like a Newfoundland dog, and
grappled with him fiercely. But after
all It was only a friendly tussle; the
bell rang, and they all went back to
the schoolroom as good friends as ever.
But Martin's back-strap gave way in
the scuffle, his books tumbled out on
the ground, and a closely written sheet
of paper went across the school's ten
nis court through the iron fence
"Put up your books, boys," said the
teacher. "I shall let you decide who
shall get the English prize. I gave
Martin and Louis each a composition
to write and I'm going to read them
and let the class award the prize."
Louis got his paper out and stood
ready to marcl. up with Martin.
But where was Martin's paper? He
•was sure it was In his algebra. No;
well, In his history; and so he went
through every book.
"Well, well, where are the papers?"
demanded the teacher.
"I have lost mine," said Martin.
"Then there will be less trouble.
Louis, where Is yours?"
There was silence in the schoolroom.
Louis turned red, then pale. Then he
quietly tore his paper across the mid
dle and said in a respectful tone:
"I have none to hand in, sir."
Instantly the class broke into Irre
pressible applause.
"Silence!" thundered the teacher.
Then, in a tone of voice they had
never heard him use before, he said:
"Boys, I would rather have seen a
generous thing like that among you
than to have a prince of the royal blood
in my achool. That Is what I call lov
ing your neighbor as yourself and you
all know who gave us that command
and set us the great example."
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
THE PIANO
BEWITCHED
ELVIRA certainly tried to do her
best to learn her music lessons.
Everyday for an hour and often
times more she would practice
her five-finger exercises and
plunge into her scales in a reck
less manner that was unfailingly sure
to end in a hopeless confusion and tan
gle of fingers, pursed lips, scowling
brov: and temper not exactly angelic.
Her music teacher. Miss Rose Wallac?,
Bald that she thought Elvira had talent
but that she lacked concentration. El
vira didn't exactly understand what
"concentration" meant, but she did
know one thing and that was that she
couldn't be victor in a scrimmage with
her lessons every day, and that so far
she had made a failure.
Helen Arthur, who lived across the
street in a flat, was a fine player, and
played at concerts. And Elvira used to
feel in a humor that urged her to kick
her naughty little heels together when
she heard the praises that pepie be
stowed upon the fortunate Helen.
So she set herself bravely to work,
but to no avail. One day it was h<>t
and oppressive and Elvira felt indo
lent and unambitious. She had prac
ticed her Czerny over at least ten
times until she could have played the
thing by memory with her eyes shut.
The windows were open to cool the
room and the summer breezes blew
gently in over her hot brow and sh'^
closed her eyes in a semi-drowsy
state. No one was in the house but
her mother and herself, and her moth
er was fast asleep upstairs.
She settled herself comfortably down
on the pofa in the spacious room and
suddenly some one struck the piano.
She opened her eyes. No one waa in
the parlor but herself, and— the piano
played some elegant chords all by it
self. For some strange reason Elvira
felt no especial inclination to get up
and see what this meant, and so she
just opened her eyes and watched. Her
hearing was very acute, and she
thought she must be dreaming. But,
no, she wasn't.
The piano was beginning: to play the
prelude to "The Mermaids' Valse" —
that hateful old prelude which she
couldn't understand and in which she
found herself so often mixed. She had
thought ft the homeliest thing in the
musical line that she had ever heard
—but now she thought it was very
pretty. Then a strange transformation
took place. Looking down at the floor
she saw she was no longer on a Brus
sels carpet with circular patterns on
it, but that the waves rolled ov^r the
floor in a soft, purling fashion, and
that her couch was no longer a sofa
chair, but a boat. She closed her eyes
in bliss as she heard the rippling mu
sic of the piano pouring out of it cease
lessly. She opened her eyes again.
Her boat was slowly rocking forward
over the waters past what had once
been a center table, but was now a rock.
On it sat three mermaids, combing
their long yellow locks and gazing at
themselves in ivory mirrors, mean
while singing — or was it the piano? —
the air of "The Mermaids' Valse?"
Then they faded from view, and she
v.as sitting in a theater all by herself.
All was dark around her, but before was
a lurge stage, brilliantly illumined and
gayly festooned. Rubbing her dazed
eyes she saw — oh! what was that — a
dainty little creature, much like a stray
rose leaf, bound on to the stage as the
piano was playing the beautiful strains
of Leo Delibes' "Pizzicati." Calcium
lights from above threw on her little
form all the colors of the rainbow, and
her beautiful white, gauzy garments
rose and fell like the wings of some
great tropical butterfly and wound
themselves into flamelike folds. So
graceful and startlingly beautiful!
Such flashing blue eyes; such mist of
golden hair like the spun sunbeams
flying around her like a stray web!
Then the scene changed. Elvira was out
in the forest under the sweet smelling
pines and deep shadowing oaks. The
moon was high and the stars were
briglit, but here there was a sense of
mystery.
The piano was playing Mendelssohn's
"Midsummer Night's Dream." Fairy
forms flltteS here and there, clad in
silvery eerie webs. Elfish faces peered
at her from beneath the shrubbery,
and bats darted everywhere. Not far
distant, away in wild glee, danced the
fairies in a magic ring, and their sil
very echoing song broke the stillness of
the midnight air. Then they all arose
and circled about her. Then the tune
changed and the scene v. -.ished.
She was in Scotland now. Dumnty
dumpty-dumpty-dumpty. The stac
cato notes of the Highland fling came
shrilly to her ear and she looked
about to find where they came
from. The piano she still heard.
There was no other music, but it surely
sounded like a bagpipe. A tfroup of a
dozen or so of merry Highlanders, pic
turesque in their sturdy grace and pc
culiar costumes, were spending their
leisure hours in indulging in favorite
pastime. Then the scene, like that on
the kinetoscope, was taken from her.
She was in the parlor again, yet it
seemed as if she had not been outside
of the room, for she had been sitting
there all the while.
It had then been early morning; it
was now darkest night. Through the
room from the piano came the weira
strains of the Witches' Dance, as a
half-dozen witches flew in through tne
window astride broomsticks. The moon
was half hidden behind the clouds and
the wind blew rather loudly. The rose
bush outside the window rattled ana
swayed. Then they built a fire right in
the middle of the floor, but it did not
burn the carpet. They fetched in great
logs and built the fire high until it
roared and crackled, and still the piano
played. What oddly beautiful music,
yet it seemed distorted with avarice
and secret plotting. It crashed and
hummed and sighed, and they gnashed
their teeth and danced peculiarly and
hopped and jumped about the fire.
Then they put in queer-smelling herbs
and the whole room was filled with
blue smoke. And th^n they disap
peared. "
Now she was in Norway, yet she did
not move from her chair. It was a win
ter day and the snow fell thick and
fast. Outside all was white and cold;
inside the fire roared with satisfaction.
A Scandanavian mother was rock
ing her little girl to sleep. Such
a fat, rosy, good-natured little flaxen
haired baby, with big, blue eyes. It
had on a thick blue wool coat and a
little white cap. which it wore almost
all the time. Its mother had it hugged
up close in her great, strong arms, and
its little head lay comfortably on her
shoulder. It was going to sleep, for
the piano was playing McDowell s
"Slumber Pong"— that most lovely of
all cradle songs— and Elvira was fas
cinated with its deep and mellow melo
dies so newly changing and express
ively beautiful. She heard the mother
singing —
Frozen is the ground, the stream's ice
bound, fc..
Softly the north wind croons, softly
croons;
Drowsily, sleepily falls the snow,
As thf ' north wind carves his runes,
carves his runes.
But the piano does it all; it did it
all then, and the scene faded out of
sight.
She was back in her own country
now. It was in New York, for she heard
the organ grinder playing "Down in
Front of Casey's." Her room was so
bare and small. The piano was playing
"The Sidewalks of New York," but she
couldn't see it anywhere. She was liv
ing in a tenement house. Her small
room had no carpet on the floor, and
there was only one window to it, and
that opened on Mrs. O'Rourke's
shanty, in the back, where the clothes
were hung out. She looked out the
door. The ragged little urchins and
the tattered girls were dancing and
singing. It was just dusk, and it was
Sunday. Those little folks never knew
what thP inside of a church looked
like. There was the old brown wooden
stoop, too. Then the scene disappeared.
She was in Arabian lands.
She was sitting by herwindow looking
down over the gardens. The plash of
the waterfalls and the ripple of the
water came plainly to her enraptured
ears. The sweet scent of tropical flow
ers greeted her nostrils. The great
Southern moon hung low over the hor
izon, mellowing the landscape into
gold. Below her she heard the pas
sionate pleadings of the piano as it
burst into the Bedouin Love Song.
Such implorings, such wildness! "From
the desert I come to thee." Arabian
fire surged through the song. And
then it djed away — no, It was a differ
ent scene, now. •
It was a German scene. She was in
a great cathedral filled with beautiful
angels, clad in white robes so dazzling
that Elvira could scarcely look at
them. Such grandeur in their faces,
such gladness and unquenched joy!
What was that they were singing?
Ah! It was the Hallelujah Chorus.
Eivira felt her pulses quicken and her
heart-blood stir. Then the song was
ended. The vision faded, and the
church, grand Li its ancient glory, dis
appeared.
The piano played on— something so
sweetly sad and solemn that Gertrude
could have bowed in prayer. The wax
tapers on the great altar in the dis
tance gleamed and flickered. And then
/* F i *-? fINC? PARTY OR THREE
it slowly disappeared from view.
Now she was In Poland amid the
mountains. The piano, somewhere by,
was playing with its deep richness
that beautiful piece so full of smoth
ered earnestness — Rubinstein's Ro
mance. Then she was instantly trans
ported to Japa.i. Three young girls in
the curious fashion and garb of that
country — the piano was playing,
"Three little maids from school," from
"Mikado." A big bowl of ri.e was in
the middle of the floor, which was cov
ered with matting.
Then she was back in America — in
dear old 'Frisco. Clear and loud she
heard the shrill piping of the piccolo,
PUZZLE— FIND THE SPANISH SHARPSHOOTER.
"The girl I left behind me." She saw
the transports leave and then— it seem
ed as if a thousand pianos, all in differ
ent tune and time, banged away and
then came a erash — :
Elvira awoke! No, it couldn't
have been a dream, she thought! The
piano was standing just as she left it —
and she still works hard at her five
finger exercises. Estette Baker.
TWILIGHT FANCIES.
BY CHARLES ELMER UPTON,
PLACERViLLE.
The day is o'er, the cricket's trill
Sounds cheerily without,
But silent is my hearth, and chill —
No forma are roundabout.
Yet not alone am I to-night.
For shapes unseen are here:
Upborne by airy pinions light,
They drift from everywhere.
Dear phantoms of my childish friends.
Dim emblems of a love
That to mine earthly spirit lends
A halo from above!
I see no more the lonely hearth,
Nor moan my cheerless lot;
Encompassed by the children's mirth,
My sorrows are forgot.
Forgotten are the cares of life,
And man's inhuman wiles.
For naught may be of sin or strifa
Where holy childhood smiles.
So. as the ev'ning shadows fall,
I sit in calm content.
Grateful to the King of all
Who hath such blessings sent.
And what if brainless men deride
My life upon the hill?
I spurn them all. for at my side
The children linger still!
THE YOUNG HERO'S FLAG.
THE following story about a patri
otic little boy who lives in San
Francisco was sent in by M. S. D. :
Walter B. lives in the Western
Addition. He is a loyal little fel
low and takes great interest in the sol
diers. He loves to go to the park and
see them drill, and down to the wharf
to see them embark on the transports.
Nearly everyday he wishes his flags
to wave from the window, but, best of
all, he loves to go up on the hill to see
the great ships go sailing out of the
Golden Gate, bound for the far Philip
pines, and wave a parting salute to the
brave boys who have given up all for
their country. A few days since he
went with his mamma to see the Mon
tana and South Dakota companies start.
They each took a flag, and Walter* was
a beautiful silk one.
On came the soldiers, tramp, tramp,
tramp. As they passed a soldier cried
out, "Lady, please give me your fl-g."
Of course she gave It. Directly another
cried: "Little boy, do please give me
your flag. Oh, do, do, please give me
your flag." Walter hesitated for one
moment and then the beloved flag was
held out to the soldier, tout the fountain
of tears came near overflowing, and it
was a very sad little boy that reached
home, saying, "I did want my flag; I
did want my flag."
Was not that an act of self-renuncia
tion for a little six-year-old?
We trust that soldier will count that
flag among his treasures.
INDIAN TALE
OF AMOS QUITO.
By M. W. L.
DID you ever hear the true story,
according to the Indians, of Amos
Quito? Many years ago, so the
story goes, the Indians of the
Middle Atlantic coast were ter
rorized and suffering under the donre
dations of two monsters. The TuscarcM
ras suffered most. These two monsters
were as powerful as sods, but as wick
ed as demons, and they stood, one on
each side of the Seneca River, and slevf
all that passed.
But relief came. The gTeat Hiawatha;
rose up and killed one of the creatures,
but the other, huge in stature and swift
of wing-, escaped. He was the father
of all the small tribe that exist to-day,
and his name was Mosquito!
Having: lost his favorite pastime ha
raged along the shores of Long Island
and New Jersey, and up into New York
and down into Pennsylvania, but hi 9
home, remember, the home of this great
mosquito, was at Fort Onondaga, New
York; and make it a point, you, to let
the New Yorker know his claim to dis
tinction in this matter.
To give you an idea of the ravages
of this monster, it is reported that at
one swoop, uttering a shrill cry, of
which the Siren whistle is believed to
be a modification, he would seize two
of the biggest savage braves and eat
them, and then use their ribs for tooth-«
picks.
So the people suffered. There was but
one great and awful mosquito, but hia
bite meant complete annihilation, and
while his victims were few, very few,
compared to those of his offspring,
their fate was infinitely worse.
Moreover, this great father of Btlng»
was invulnerable; the Int»inas had no
weapon that would not turn aside from)
him; they were helpless; whereas, tha
mosquito" of to-day can individually ba
killed, but take him collectively, and wa
are in as much need of a deliverer aa
were the ancient redskins, to whom
help came in this fashion:
The Holder of the Heavens heard 1
their despairing cries, and came down,
prepared to fight the insect to tha
death. But Mosquito was swift of wingr,
and when he found that he had met hia
match he turned and flew away. It waa
a chase that shook nature itself. Tha
sun was hot; dull clouds of mist hung
over the earth, and night brought no
hellef.
Finally the two powers met, ancT
Mosquito was slain, out upon the sandy
shores of Lake Onondaga, where he had
reigned supreme. In his death strupr
jiles he kicked up great sand hills,
which are there even now, as proofs
that this is a true story. But as hi 3
blood spread out upon the land each,
drop turned into a thousand small mos
quitoes; and that is the true history of
the origin of the insects that now ara
found in the tules in California!
To prove that the story of Amos
Quito the first is true, there is a spot
on the Seneca Reservation, so the In
dians say, where they can see the foot
prints of the first mighty insect and
the prints are twenty inches long.
FLASHES OF CHILD WIT.
Mamie, aged four, was accompany*
ing her grandfather on a tour of in-*
spection through his peach orchard,
and coming to one tree that h::4
neither fruit nor leaves, she asked what
kind of a tree it was., "It's a peach
tree," replied the grandfather, "but it's
dead, the sap having all dried up" "Oh,
yes," said Mamie, "zat is ze tind z©
dwied peaches gwo on."
Little Boy — Isn't fathers queer?
Auntie — In what way?
Little Boy — When a boy does any-*
thing for his pa he doesn't get any
thing; but if another man's boy does It
he gets a nickel.
3132
"SWIFTWATER"
AND HIS WIFE
RECONCILED
Says Mrs. Gates Who
Ought to Know.
HER MAID ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
SEQUEL OF THE BASH ACT OF
MISS QTJIN.N, COLORED.
gome Family Secrets Told by Mrs.
"Rapidwater" With Startling
Innocence and
Gusto.
Mrs. Gates: I am very eon-y we had any
words last night, but still I am glad I found
out what I did. Mr. Gates did not hate me
any nor© than I hated him or half so much,
but that la all over now. I will never cross his
p&Ui ac&in or yours either.
I have decided to end my life as I find every
one I have worked for alike. At first I thought
you were different— now I know you are not.
■ Mr. Gates, I have never met any one I liked
or put up with and stay by like I have you.
I like you with it all and always will. I have
tried to do what Is right but It Is no use. I go
to my death without cne regret. Good-by,
EDITH QUINX.
Such was the letter that Mrs. "Bill"
Gates, wife of the now famous "Swift
water." received from her colored ruaid,
the erratic young negress who tried to
cml her existence ci Thursday la.st by at
tempting to Jump off the ferry-boat Pied
mont.
It was not then known that this woman
played a prominent part in the matrimo
nial troubles of "Swlftwater" during his
sojourn In this city some months ago. As |
her letter to Mrs. Gates proves, her af- >
fections were not bestowed upon the male |
side of the house.
In fact, this colored belle ha.s the dis- |
tinction of aiding Mrs. "Swif twater" to
leave her husband during their stay at
the Baldwin, and which culminated In a !
euit for divorce on the part of her mis
tress.
Ever since the marriage j^f the Alaskan
miner to Miss Lam ore Edith has been
lady in waiting to the latter. Being of an
affectionate disposition, she devoted all
her time to her employer, and her kind- :
ness to Mrs. Gates became so pro-;
'nounced that it aroused the ire of "Swift
water," who demanded her discbarge. Mrs.
.Gates was loth to lose such an excellent
handmaiden, and flatly refused. This tact
bore a prominent part in the trouble that ,
followed.
"When "Swiftwater" demanded of his
wife to accompany him to Alaska and i
ehe, on the advice of her physician, re
fused, "Bill" then transferred his affec- ;
tions tn a sister, "Gussle" by name, '
and the battle was on. A suit for divorce
immediately followed, and "Bill," al- :
though a little bothered, left this city ;
with his it-w love.
"She could not have him if she tried."
eaid Mrs. Swiftwater last night. The
lady referred to her sister, who had su
perseded her In the affections of "Rush- :
ing Water."
"Why. the divorce proceedings have ;
been dropped, and everything is lovely
again. 1 expect Mr. Gates home In De
cember." t
Ensconced in a pretty flat In the center j
of the city she awaits his coming. With
out any hesitancy Mrs. Gates spoke of !
family affairs with a.n innocence that waa j
startling- "I really hope you will not
publish my new place of residence," she
said, "for If you did you would put me to |
great inconvenience. Mr. Gates is now i
in Alaska and I am living all alone. Do
you know I am a little afraid of this j
girl? When I went to my lawyer to- |
SERVT^Ss^rOBEHELirrHIs'DAY AT THE CITY OHUROHES.
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
I
Rev E. A. Woods .• Morning— Sermon
: "Is a Christian
ix Possible?" pastor.
German Baptist, Seventeenth and Dolores
ttreets.
Rev. H. L. Dletz
Morning-Sermon on the Gospel by £*,?*■"
: tor. Evening— Sermon and prayer, reading.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street,
tJteiner.
Rev. J. G. Gibson
Morning-"I Have Chosen You." Evening J>
—"Acknowledge God. ' v
Homing-- "Practical Christianity.'' Evening •$>
—••Our Feeble Remainder When Chris- £
tianlty Is Rejected." *
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak 6tr> > as.
Rev. William P. Kirby
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
: —Vespers.
Evening
St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets.
r
Father P. J. Cummins
Morning- -Sermon at the If>:3o o'clock mass.
Evening— Sermon ami benediction^
St. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Harrison
Father Nugent
Morning— High mass at
Vespers and sermon.
10:30.
Even Ing-
St. Brigld's, Van Nr-ss avenue and Broad-
way.
Father Cottle
(Morning— High maps and sermon. Evening
i — Vespers and sermon on the Gospel.
Church of Corpus Christl, Alemany and
Croke streets.
Salesian Fathers
Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
Cassinl. Evening, 4 o' clock— v espers
and benediction.
St. Charles,
streets.
Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
Morning— High mass and sermon at l ft :3o.
! Evening- -Vespers and sermon.
St. Domlnio'B, Bush and Steiner streets.
Rev. Pius Murphy
! Morning— High mass and sermon at 11.
Evening— Rosary ami a sermon by one of
the priests of the Dominican Order.
St. Francis, Vallejo
avenue.
Father Carraher
[orning— Solemnisation of the Feast of. the
Assumption; Sfrnjon by Father Carraher.
Evening— Special services in memory of
the Virgin.
All Hallows. Sixteenth avenue and N street.
Rev. D. O. Sullivan
Morning— Special masses in honor of the
Feast of the Assumption. Evening— Ves-
pers, sermon and benediction.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street.
Jesuit Fathers
Morning- Pennon by Rev. Father SRrdi.
Evening— Sermon by Father Moeller, after
vespers.
St. James,
streets.
Twenty-third
and
Guerrero
Father P. R. Lynch
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock in com-
memoration of the Assumption. Evening
—Sermon and vespers.
St. Joseph's. Tenth street, near Howard.
Father P. Scanlan
Morning— Sermon on the Assumption. Even-
ing—Special services In memory of the
feast.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street.
Rev. J. Prendergast, V. G
tlon of the Assumption. Evening— Vespers
and sermon.
St. Mary's Church. California and
Paullst Fathers
Morning— High mass at 11.
pern and benediction.
Evening — Yes-
St. Patrick's. Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
Morning— High mass and sermon at 10:30.
Evening— Vespers.
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Church
Father Connolly
i Morning-— Services at 10:30 in honor of the
i AHsumptk'n. Evening— A panegyric, veg-
i pens and benediction.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont
streets.
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth.
Saleslan Fathers
[ornlng-- Special services at 10:30. Evening
—Vespers and benediction.
Father P. S. Casey
Morning— Solemn high mass and panegyric
on the life of the Virgin. Evening— Ser-
mon and vespers.
.
St. Rose, Brannac street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
: Morning— High mass at 10:30.
Vespers,
Evening —
Star of the H"a. Seventh avenue and
Lobos avenue.
Father Coyle
•Morning— Sp<K-ial services In honor of the
A* umptton. Evening— Vespers and a
panegyric.
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte streets.
Father Browne
Morning— High mass at 10:30.
i Vespers at 7:30.
Evening —
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street, near
Stockton.
Marlst Fa t hers
Morning— Solemn high mass in honor of the
Assumption. Evening — Panegyric In
French on the life of the saint.
Camp Merritt, Old Bay District Race Track.
Catholic Truth Society
I Morning— Military mass at 7:30.
I Rosary at 7:30 o'clock.
Evening-
First Christian.
streets.
Mission
and
Twelfth
Rev. F. S. Ford
Morning— "All Things Commanded Thee of
the Ivord." Evening — "Not Another Gos-
pel "
' _^
West Sifl«* Christian,
r>rv!«aiiero.
Bush Btreet, near]
Rev. W. A. Gardner
Morninsr— Divine service and address. Even-
ing—Sermon by the rector.
Bethany Congregational. Twenty-fifth and
Bartlett streets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
Morning— Sermon and Sabbath service at 11.
Bethlehem Congregational,
Twenty-fourth streetF.
Vermont and
Rev. W. H. Tubb
Morning— "Many
I Chosen." Eveni
Are ''Called But' Few
f— "Occupy Till I Come."
Richmond Congregational, Seventh avenue
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
'Morning- Beiuibu by the pastor,
i Prayer and song service.
Evening-
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and No*
streets.
Rev. H. T. Bhepard
Morning— Sermon by
— Sermon, followed
prayer. •
rector. Evening
the recital of
•:. •. _ __ • • -
Flrpt Congregational.
FtreetF.
Post
and
Rev. G. C. Adams
i Morn ing— Song service and sermon by the
! pastor.
■ .
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. William Rader !
Morning — "People Who Are Wounded."
Evening— Sermon to the Cadet Corps on
"Making the Most of Oneself."
;.,':.. ...... .
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cberington
-Sermon by the pastor. Svenlng —
of prayer and sermon.
•.V-A-r,'. 1 ' ' -■
day and asked him to get her released
I did not know that she was demented.
I am glad her sisters came for her this
evening, as she again threatened to kill
herself . .. .
"I only scolded her the least bit, and
Just because I called In a woman to help
clean the house she thought I was going
to discharge her.
"Mr. Gates Is well, and he writes fre
quently. I don't tare to hear from 'Gus
slo.' You know Nellie, that's another sis
ter of mine. She was divorced from her
hupband. Emil T-eglieze, about a month
ago. and immediately married a promi
nent New Yorker and is now traveling in
Europe. And do you know. I learned
from my mother that T,eglieze was so
broken up that he committed suicide by
jumping off the steamer Santa Rosa a
few weeks ago."
ThE CALL'S WHIST ARTICLES.
For about three years I have enjoyed
the pleasure of furnishing the readers of
the Sunday Call with a column or two
of so-called whist articles. Everything
comes tc him who waits— now to these
articles the end has come.
To the great majority the announce
ment of their discontinuance will no
doubt be welcome, for I know to some the
inlliction has been burdensome, but
the great minority— very few— l have
the beat of reasons to think may some
time inwardly express a slight twinge of
regret, for even an old shoe "out at the
heel," cracked and "toes out," is cast |
aside sometimes with a little feeling of
"at times you have been a faithful ana
comforting friend." To the latter I wish
to offer both hands and heartily grasp
theirs and extend my heartfelt and hum
ble thanks for the many kind acts, words
of encouragement and good cheer given
me during these years, which have more .
' than repaid me for my labors in the I
i cause of this beautiful. Intellectual home
amusement that many of us love so well.
My time is being encroached upon to
' such an extent that I feel as though I
' am at last compelled to surrender ana
lay down the ppn, or I had better say,
put aside the scissors and paste pot and
i let younger blood cast the net and reap
I some material reward for the catch. To
! me this work has always been a labor of
i love, carrying with it a charm I could I
i not dispel. How well I have performed it .
I must be left to the charity and intelli- I
I gence of the great whist jury. I believe I
I have earned a good, long rest from my
whist labors, and will from now on shape
my ends to enjoy the fruits of the game
i at the whist table. Sincerely yours.
P. J. TORMET.
': NATIVE DAUGHTERS' RED CROfcS
Arrangements Completed lor the Re
ception Next Tuesday Night to
the Sixth California.
At the meeting of the Native Daughters'
Red Cross Aid Society on last Friday
night arrangements were concluded for
the reception to be given the Sixth Cali
fornia Volunteers on the evening of Tues
day next In Native Sons' Hall. This will
be something like the reception previously
given to the volunteer soldiers in the Pa
vilion, on a small scale, buf^lt is for the
same good cause, the securing of funds
for the beneilt of the soldiers who may
remain here or may be sent to Manila.
So iong as there remain volunteer sol
diers here, the society will exert Itself to
provide them with comforts that aro not
furnished by Uncle Sam. An excellent
programme of music and literary numbers
Will be presented and there will be a pa
triotic address of welcome by the b< cm -
tary of ihu society. The committee of ar
rangements asks that as many who can
will contribute flowers, also cake to be
used to distribute with coffee to the sol
diers who will be in attendance. An ad
mission fee of 25 cents will be charged.
ADOLPH SUTRO'S WILL FILED.
Presented for Probate by Emma L. j
Merriit and William B. H.
Adamson.
The will of Adolp.i Sutro was filed with
the County Clerk for probate yesterday
afterroon. The w'.ll Is offered for probate
by Emma L. Mt-rrltt, a daughter of the
testator, and "William K. H. Adamson, E.
W. Mckiiiftn' and Lloyd & Wood ap
pear on record as attorneys for the peti
tioners.
The petitioners state that at present
they are unable to state the exact chaiue
ter and value of the estate. A full list
of the legatees Is given in the petition,
which concludes with a prayer requesting
the court to admit the instrument to pro
bate as the last will and testament of
Adolph Sutro. and to issue letters testa
mentary to the petitioners.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898.
HALES. | HALES. , HALES. I HALES.
You would be surprised if you knew how many women look for Male's ads on Sunday.
You would (if a stranger) be amazed at the crowds if you drop into Hale's on Monday.
night. oo 1 I n«{ed 8l 82?: A million Hnll^rC Oi Hci\/! That's what the late war actually and
shirtS-Sf^rSi 1 " SiVSSI ■• M IllllllUM .UUlldrb d Udy. directly cost us, and indirectly we don t
. 14% to 18%. 50 dozen, to close out yet know how many more millions are to be footed up by Uncle Sam. Yet the ; American- .
50C. Hispano war came and has passed, and sweet, calm peace has once more perched on the
. banner of these United States. Dewey, Sampson and Schley proved our. naval supremacy, while
-^gTT" >^^> Miles and Calif ornian Shafter demonstrated our army's mighty prowess. Hundreds of thousands .
wn\ s^afk^^-^y of young men left their mothers; men went from our own midst; all the uncertainties of
BY <ri" ?!? r war were around us . and yet we have not faltered in the even tenor of our mercantile life! ,
«!Lj '-^^ >.^ True, the purse-strings became tighter, wives and mothers had to look at a dollar longer and^ oftener before
WB*^ "* they spent it, more rigid economy prevailed in homes where the breadwinner was away ; but this was in our
2-cias iqua gloves in reds favor for we cater to economical people, and during the late war we have kept on growing— increasing our
pique tans. P browns, navies, greens space — right now, as this advertisement is being written, carpenters and architects are planning new
gIOVeS. and purpleSl facilities to handle our continuously growing trade. We ask again— if our goods, our service and our prices
$1 pair. were not right why do we grow so? Why is Hale's known as "the store that mother likes"? / Why do our mail
orders say . "our whole family deals with Hale's"?
££" ggo^ or in aif el d«~iwa il Do you know about white working women's factory-Frisco women and mothers — andtbe flag they gate us and the letter they wrote?
and in all sizes, also ' - • '
flr»wor» The sale we inaugurated last
IlOWor week was a success, and we
cola shall continue same during
bctlc. this entire week.
American Beauty roses lOc to -45c
Fine linen cornflowers, in light and
dark shades 25c bunch
French lilacs, in purple and white
23c bunch
Fine velvet pansiee reduced from
35c to 25c bunch
■fvutviYvtar! Have you Been how our
irillllllCU. millinery department has
Vioto grown— is growing? Thijß
lldlb. is Just between seasons, so
these prices mean a great reduction:
English walking hats reduced t0... 25c
All our fine split straw sailors, for-
merly $2.00 and $1.50, now .£l.OO
Our 50c sailor table is still an attrac-
tive feature.
The "Tally-Ho," "The Vassar" and
"Bar Harbor" sailors 50c
Rogers' '47 1% £$%% 'SSrirtS
silverware B n ro,- A wa?e°: l Rogers
Tipped teaspoons, 90c; satin finish "
j^liUU
Tipped tablespoons or satin flnis 2 , g
Tipped medium or satin finish medium
X forks »_.!.>
Extra heavy plated table knives.. 81.75
Russell's bone-handle, riveted blade,
polished steel Sl.oO
Stag-handle carving knife and fork,
polished steel blade, handle riveted
and bolstered, pair §1.25
See our advertisement in the "Examiner."
MS €ALLj|Jlk
a bazar* -WJSI^
Patternsw
•ißtsnusHpimm- "TgraamMma,
Over 7000 yards of cambric and Swiss embroidery edging
and insertion — needs little introduction — the price tells the story
and your judgment after looking at the goods will do the rest.
EW Yards. 1680 Yards, 676 Yards, 800 Yards. 650 Yards,
Ito 2 In. wide, 1% to 3 in. wide, 2to 3, 4to 5V4, 2V* to 6%.
2e. 3c. sc. 7%C »«•
1625 yards Colored Embroidery, reduced from S l-3c and 10c
to 5c Yard
1150 yards Colored Embroidery, reduced from lEe and 30c t0....
Oc Yard
Eastern factories have reason to clean up too — they ha^e
several odd lots of a hundred dozen or so left over at the end
of the season — big buyers snap them up quick — we do, and sell
them as quickly.
60 dozpn Children's Fancy Border Handkerchiefs, floral de-
signs 2c Each
55 dozen Ladles' Fancy Colored Bordered Handkerchiefs, fast
colors, half -inch hem 3c Each
60 dozen Ladies' Handkerchiefs, colored border, half-inch hem,
also plain white and lace 5c Each
260 dozen Ladles' Swiss Embroidered Scalloped Handkerchiefs,
slightly soiled from being used on display, were 12Vic, now.. 1
Oc Each
A large offering of Swiss Embroidered Scalloped Handker-
chiefs 12%e to 35c Each
We also offer on Monday
exceptional Ir hosiery.
Ladies' Lisle Hnse. Richelieu ribbed, celebrated Hermsdr.rff
dye, in all sizes Per Pair 2.10
Ladies' Black Maco Cotton Hose, high spliced heels and double
soles and toe« Pair 100
Children's Cotton Hose, fine rib, spliced heels and t0ee... .......
Pair 1U *-oc
Our fall and winter catalogue will be ready early in September— better than ever— send your name and address for it.
It's a money-saving idea.
"The store that mother likes."
II le's we are not
ca,iwn,a B to M ., 937=939=94«=943=945=947 Market St. L
started In . . .
1 876 (Opposite yviason). studying day by day.
Grace Episcopal, California and Stockton
streets.
Rev. R. C. Foute \
munion service at 11
and festival service.
Church of the Advent,
near ilarket.
Eleventh
street.
Rev. J. A. Emery j
Mcrning— Divine service at 11. Evening—
: Sermon and instruction- by the pastor.
St. Luke's,
street.
Van J*es3 avenue and Clay
Rev. W. H. Moreland |
Morning-Sermon at 11 o'clock. Evening-
Song service and sermon by the pas-
tor.
St. Cornelius Chapel,
Rev. D. O. Kelley
; Morning— Special services and sermon for
the soldiers. Evening— Sermon and reli-
I gi'-»us exercises.
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia.
Rev. E. B. Spaldlng
■Morning— 7 o'clock, holy communion; 11,
I prayer and sermon. Evening— Sermon and
prayer.
St. Mary the Virgin,
street"*.
Union and
Rev. 11. Parrish
Morning— Communion at 7:30. Evening— Ser-
mon and religious exercises.
 . ■
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and Filbert
streets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson • —
Mcrning— Communion service and sermon by
the rector. Evening— Sermon and lnstruc-
i tion.
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
Fill more.
Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly
Morning— Communion at 7:30; litany service
and sermon by the rector. Evening— Even-
song and sermon.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets..
Rev. H. E. Cooke
'Morning— Communion at 7:30. Evening—
| Sermon and service at 7:30 o'clock.
German Evangelical Emmanuel
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Church,
Rev. F. W. Fischer
Morning— "Pleading for Prayer." Evening
Gospel sermon. '
First Kngltsh Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander
Morning— 'A Divine Challenge."
! —"A Busy Man' 8 Blunder."
Evening
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Jackson.
Rev. W. B.
Morning— "God. Bethel's Strength and
Refuge." Evening— Sermon by Bishop W.
J. Games.
Central Methodist Sptoooptl Church. Mis-
sion street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Rev. C. E. Locke
Morning— "Providences and Special Provi-
dences. " Evening— "Career of Prince Bis-
marck."
First M. E. Church, Powell and
ington streets.
Wash-
Rev. W. S. Urmy
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening
— Sermon by the pastor.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce , Morning— Divine service and sermon by the
pastor at 11. Evening— Sons service and
; prayer.
Grace Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets.
Rev. J. N. Beard
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
, — Song and prayer service.
Evening
Howard Street M. E. Church,
street, near Third.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson , Morning— Sermon by the Rev. Wesley J.
I Games. Evening — Song service to patriotic
tunes and a sermon on "Refuge."
Potrero M. E. Church,
streets.
Rev. D. W. Chllson
Morning— Pabbath service at 11. Evening —
Sermon by the rector.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. G. XV. Beatty
i Morning— Services and Sunday school at
i 417 M, Fifth avenue.
Centenary M. E. Church. Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavla.
Rev. C. B. Riddlck
j Morning— "The Good Shepherd."
— There wOl be no service.
Evening
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
— "The Newest and Greatest Empire."
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, Hayes
and Buchanan streets.
Rev.
Morning — "The Gospel of Immortality."
Evening— "Thanksgiving for Peace." Spe-
cial patriotic music and address.
Franklin Street Presbyterian, Franklin and
Vallcjo streets.
Rev. D. James
'Morning— Divine service at 11.
I Sermon by the pastor.
Evening-
Calvary Presbyterian,
streets.
Geary and
Powell
Rev. J. Hemphlll
Morning — Sermon by the rector,
j Sermon and song service.
Evening —
First Presbyterian Church. Van Netts ave-
nue and Sacramento street.
Rev. R.
: Morn Ing— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening—
; Sermon and prayer.
St. John's Presbyterian,
Octavla streets.
California and
Rev. R. Llddell Morning— Special sermon by the pastor at
: 11. Evening — Sermon and song service.
Memorial Presbyterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth
and
Rev. H. N. Bevier i j
Morning— "The Crossings on the Way."
Evening— "Serving Chrlet Fully."
■ . :-. : ■ ■■■ ■ ■ ■ -. .
Mi span
Fifth.
Rev. F. A. Doane
Mornlner— Sermon and prayer at 11. Even-
ing—Sermon, followed by prayer ser-
vice.
.• ■ ■ • , ■ . • • ■• ■ ■ -
Howard Presbyterian,
streets.
Oak
and
Rev. F. R. Farrand
lorning— Communion service. Evening-
Sermon and religious Instruction.
. -
Stewart Memorial TI. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third.
Rev. W. E. Dugan
; Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening
I —Song service. .
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-second, and
Capp streets.
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ster streets.
Rev. A. N. Carson
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
—Sermon and prayer.
Evening
Rev. S. S. Cryor
Morninp— "The Anti-Christ." Evening—
"The Witness of History to Christ."
First
Unitarian,
Geary
and
Franklin
Rev. Dr.
i Morning— Sunday school at 10: divine ser-
. vice at 11. Evening— No service.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and
streets.
Rev. A. J. Wells
Mornlnsr— There will be no service during
August. Evening— "Rational Belief in
Divine Pity."
St. Alban's Church, 102 O'Farrell street.
Rev. Erasmus Van Deerlln
Morning— Prayer, communion and sermon
at 11.
First Church of Christ. Scientist. C 23
street.
The Bible and Science and Health. With
Key to the Scriptures
Science Bible Lessons.
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post street.
Rev. C. A. Parkin
\— "What Is Man?"
Means of Salvation."
- : . . ■ ■' ■ • ■ ■ ■■ * ■-i ■-:..,. . .....
T. M. <
C. X., Mason and Ellis streecs.
Rev. E. A.
*/:
' v: .- i: " J.-LJ .-L
-• :
- ■
3 o. m. — 6
1 dress by
We would like to talk figures to you on blankets— tell you
how many thousands of dollars we have in wool— you can get
some idea when we say our window display now on view repre-
sents the actual cost of dollars. AH the blankets are
plainly ticketed— easy to figure it up. It's a study and a wealth
of warmth.
White Wool Blankets, a small per cent cotton. 62xS0 'n^"----
...... x*iir
White"wooi"B'ra'nKets."aVl "wool, "extra heavy, same ■| I J^Q-* palr
White" " Wool' ' Blankets," ' 10 " "per" 'cent "cotton, weight 5 pounds.
66xS0 ••••••••••• • •••« .*p*»oU * air
White Ali-wooi"Blankets."fiill 1 size, selected wool, sllk **"" d i, B ,_
in blue, pink and yellow borders, 72x84 inches 95.<H> *"a.r
72x34, 76x86, 78x88, ml^vfer)
96.00 Pair. 97.75 Pair. 90.00 Pair. « 12.00 Pair.
White All-wool Blankets, made from choice, selected stock.
warranted all wool, both warp and filling, size '2x54. ..... ..
97.50 and IJlw.iM* fair
Robe Blankets, "all wool, full size, in plaid patterns 97.50
Jacquard Robes, size 72x56. all wool, in brown, navy. tan. pearl
. and gray -.•••• $6.00 Each
Have you learned that the circular flounce new redingotes
and coats are the thing for fall wear ? Redingotes cut long
almost to bottom of skirt, circular ruffles down front and round
bottom of the cloak. The overskirt is bobbing into fashion
again. Princess gowns will continue to be worn. Sleeves will
be small. Beiges, steel-blue cloths, gray cashmere and light
tan are colors now in strict accordance with fashion. The war
has brought blues and reds into very prominent notice.
NEW— WEEK: Colored Cheviots. They come in the new
blues, browns, olives and reds, which fashion pays are the
correct shades, full 50 Inches wide. Price 91>?5 Per Yard
NEW— WEEK: Fancy Matalasse Plaids, fine color com-
binations of all the popular shades, 45 inches wide, elegant
for fancy waists. Price 75c Per Yard
NEW— WEEK: In Covert Suitings. All the . new shades
in blues, browns and greens, so popular for fall street cos-
tumes. They are 50 inches wide and very dressy. .Price
91.00 Per Yard
NEW— THIS WEEK: The ARMY and NAVY blues in a satin-
faced Broadcloth, 52 inches wide. Correct fall shades for
ladies' costumes and wraps. (Bee window.) Price.. ..
91.00 Per Yard
I / • ALE'S.
. o
I
o
, A^ . ■ 1
ijii.l- Real mohair cord edge ♦
little braid, per yard 6c O
nOtIOIIS. Bustle and hip pads O
.25c to 75c each ♦
Carlson & Currier spool silk, 100 yards ♦
on a spool, better at price.... 7c O
Kirby beard hairs, package 3!<- 2 c O
Goff's Angora skirt braid, 5 yards in o
a piece 7Kc ♦
Ladies' fancy frilled gored belt sup- °
porters, in black, blue, pink, orange I.
and white, per pair 23c ~
RAPID HOOKS AND EYES-All °
dressmakers who have seen them
praise them. They are rapidly re- °
placing other makes. Best that we ♦
know of, that's why we are solo O
agents in this city for them— ♦
10c. J.
O.N.T. spool cotton — 7 spools for2sc °
Cotton corset laces, black and white. ♦
each Is o
Common-sense hair crimps — dozen 2c o
White bone buttons, line 22...15 c gross *
Line 27.... 20c fcroes $
Milward's needles package 3c °
Eagle pins, size A. 8.. F 3%, S. C °
package 3c ♦
O
•r
o
;?■>':&■:. '?>?■: *■ .. ♦
"hnolr Are 5' OU Interested in art needle- O
UUUxv work? Send us your name and ♦
f poo address and a 2c stamp and you o
11 CD. shall have a 100-page book,. Jl- +
lußtrated and of great practical value o
to you. - .^.- i 4
. o
. . ♦
o
.. .' . ;  . ♦
tVlllt Every housewife knows them. ♦
li li.li/ .Hemmed, rea,dy for use on % O
n P fho and ' full size double beds. 4
,Ul tllC a fine, close muslin. . Every O
i lnnm sheet • ticketed. Made with 2- ♦
IOOm ii n eh hem— O
sheets. 63x90 sixao 90x90 o
42c 48c 55c each o
o
•' . ♦
■ma cVi 3000 yards odds and ends in O
Wctoll wash goods — Bright patterns +
'n>r\r\Ac! mean quick remnants. We are o
gUUUb.. cleaning out 10c and 12^c a 4.
yard material — short lengths is the q
reason— for *
5c yard. >
♦
o
♦
6
/Ir»TQTi Good towels, too— 4
UOZ6II 15x30, bleached, fine o1o 1
' >lllf»lr5lhnplr«; weave fringed, col- +
i IlU.l>J\.clUcii/iVo ore d borders, good for o
mc hard wear. Worth ♦
o*J\j» . particular attention. o
♦
See our advertisement in the "Examiner."
o
M^CALLS^. \
MAGAZINE™
;_BRICMT... " - ..INSTRUCTIVE.. O
—————
o
St. Andrew's Society.
Next Friday evening the members of
St. Andrew's Society will celebrate, the
127 th anniversary of the birth of Sir
Walter Scott by a literary entertainment
and social dance in Scottish Hall on Lar
kin street. There will be a good pro
gramme of Scotch music.
In the Probate Court.
Ann Simonsson has applied for letters
of administration upon the estate of John
Simonsson, who died on the Bth inst. Tha
estate left by decedent does not exceed
$1200 in value.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•♦♦♦+♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
+ +
+ "THE CREDIT HOUSE." +
+ Six Stories High. +
t
Antique Tabourette, *
X rococco-shaped top. "For +
jardiniere or hall^' _
k X stand ... . . . 75C +
"*" "
"*" Bedroom set of 7 pieces—bed, bu-
+ reau, washstand, stand, rocker and 2 j"
+ chairs. Every piece solid oak. Bureau "*"
+ ' has French bevel plate mirror..s2o "♦"
i. Mahogany Divanone of the wide +
a. kind. Spring seat, upholstered in
T Persian velours, polished carved *
X back •• 37.50 +
4. A serviceable Range for a family of +
a. 10. Six holes, No. 7. Cabinet base, +
x 18-inch oven. Complete, set up in
your house ready to ' cook break- .4.
X fast.... :... .315 -+
+ : ■'■•. '■ ■ ■>'
♦ Carpet Department. #
♦ — * "♦■
■♦- Fall Carpetings are in rich and "♦"
■♦• substantial patterns. Every good +
•♦• Carpet made is here.
+ Art Squares: 1 **"
X . 3x9 feet...... $2.75 +
4. 3xloi^.feet $3.25 +
J 3x12 feet $3.75 +
•♦• Free delivery In Oakland. Alameda "♦•
x and Berkeley. x
J M. FRIEDMAN & CO. ♦", /
233-235-237 Post Street. >
Near Stockton. Open Evenings. .
i #4TTTI>-fTT> + +-f4|f