VOLUME LXXXIIL— XO. 133.
THE PRESIDENT FAVORS
ARMED INTERVENTION
MADRID RIOTS
THE EVIL WORK
OF WEYLERITES
Victory That Has Been Gained by
the Diplomacy of McKinley
Appreciated in Spain.
Copyrirhted, 1£93, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, April 11.— Doubtless
exaggerated accounts of the disturb
ances last night will be sent out. The
whole affair was a most harmless
thing. There was no rising of popu
lar sentiment as is sought to be rep
resented by the yellow press. About
one hundred hungry vagabonds, hired
at a cheap price, at from one and a
half to two pesetas each, by Robiedo,
Weyler & Company, were told where
to go and what to do.
It was a holiday, and as usual on
Buch days there were thousands of
idle people, glad of the opportunity of
creating public sentiment against
the Government of the United States.
When the hoodlums were begin
ning their movement, General Wood
ford was quietly strolling with his
daughter and another young lady,
wearing the happy countenance of a
man who considered peace in sight.
The Governor of Madrid, grasping
the nature of the demonstration, de
cided up to a late hour to let the
people shout to their hearts' content.
Then when their noise began to dis
turb those desiring to sleep the police
arrived and the disturbers, like a
pack of sheep, dispersed.
To-day, by a printed proclamation,
notice is given that the nonsense
must not begin again, otherwise
the disturbers will be summarily
punished.
Numerous groups In the Puerta
del Sol and in front of the offices of
the Minister of the Interior this even
ing raised the cry "Viva Espana."
The gendarmes and the police scat
tered them and occupied the square,
but the groups quickly reformed sev
eral times, until finally the gen
darmes charged the crowd. Many
were injured or arrested.
Throughout the evening demon
strations continued in various quar
ters. The police and gendarmes re
peatedly dispersed large crowds and
there have been several arrests in the
lower quarters.
Calm has finally been restored, but
the gendarmes are patrolling the
streets and other precautions are
maintained.
LONDON, April 12.— The Madrid
correspondent of the Standard rays:
"The most important feature ir the
THE MESSAGE IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
(From a Description by Telegraph.)
SPANIARDS ARE
LOSING GROUND.
HONGKONG, April 11.—Ad
vices received from a trust
worthy source report that the
insurgents in the Philippines are
gaining on the Spaniards.
new stage of the relations between
Spain and the United States is the
fact that Spain, having granted at
the request of the Pope and the
powers a suspension of hostilities,
which she had persistently refused to
grant when President McKinley sug
gested it, the American Government
and diplomacy now consider their
hands free, as they were no party to
, the arrangement thus made by the
; Pope and the powers with Spain.
"Their contention is that Spain,
i having taken upon herself to grant
; unconditionally the suspension of
hostilities, % without any mutual
agreement or conditions between the
American and Spanish Governments,
nothing can be asked or expected
from America, who will merely look
: on to see what comes out of this sort
of armistice and of any negotiations
between the Cuban autonomist Gov
ernment and the insurgents.
''When in time events allow the
; United States to judgeof theresultsof
! a suspension of hostilities and of the
negotiations as to home rule, Ameri
ca will consider herself free to act in
1 accordance with American interests
i and to insist upon a permanent set
tlement of the Cuban question to se
cure peace in Cuba; and all simply
because McKinley made no engage
ment for the present or future with
the Pope and the European powers,
who are alleged to have conjointly
induced Spain to grant the suspen
sion of hostilities.
"Tliis must be borne in mind in
order to understand why most of the
pending questions between the two
countries stand just as they were a
week ago. The only clear result at
tained, as the Madrid Government
well knows, is the indefinite post
ponement of a rupture, if the Ameri
can Congress indorses the view of
President McKinley and leaves him
with full powers to decide upon the
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898 - TWENTY PAGES.
AMERICAN FLAG MADE
A TARGET FOR VOLLEYS
OF OVERRIPE EGGS
Typical Demonstration of Spanish Malice Mani
fested in a Theater at Santiago
de Cuba.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, April ll.— ln an interview to-day Dr. Caminero oF the
United States Marine Hospital at Santiago de Cuba, who arrived here a few days ago
with the United States Consul there— Mr. Hyatt— told me oF an incident illustrating
the intense feeling against Americans among the Spaniards in Cuba.
"Four or five days before the Brooklyn left Santiago," Dr. Caminero said to
me, "there was a performance in one of the theaters for the pdrpose of raising a
patriotic fund for the Government of Spain. During the evening there were cries
from the audience of 'Death to Americans!' and 'Long live Spain!' At the per
formance a United States flag was shown, and with shouts of 'Death to Americans!'
the Spaniards pelted the flag with stale eggs and rotten fruit. Before this perform
ance the Spanish local committee came to me and asked me to buy a ticket to aid
the fund. I told the committee to 'Go to 1'
"We could see torpedoes in the harbor oF Santiago as we leFt. They had been
placed there two or three days beFore. We left the United States Consulate in
Santiago and relief supplies intended for the reconcentrados in charge of the
British Consul there. Spanish troops in Santiago are dying rapidly of malaria, yel
low fever and kindred diseases. The death rate of the population of the town is as
high sometimes as 105 a day. On the contrary, the insurgents are vigorous and
there is little disease among them. They are positively getting fat on the war.
"Almost the entire white population oF the island Favors annexation to the
United States, and the Feeling is growing. I think annexation is destined. While in
Cuba I refused to pay taxes, and must now owe the Spanish Government several
thousand dollars. I know of at least ten or fifteen Americans who were left behind.
If not taken off they will probably go into the interior. Exit from Santiago is easy."
According to Dr. Caminero, the instructions to Consul Hyatt to leave Cuba
came first to United States Consul Dent here from Washington and were here trans
lated into the British cipher code by the British Consul and then sent to the British
Consul— Mr. Ramson— in Santiago. Mr. Ramson communicated the orders to Mr.
Hyatt, but Mr. Hyatt refused to leave the island without direct instructions from
Washington. The steamship which was to take the American officials away was
compelled to wait twenty-four hours until Mr. Hyatt heard From Washington.
best course to follow, according to
the march of events."
SAYS SPAIN WILL
WIN ON THE SEAS.
Admiral Beranger Does a Little
Boasting to Bolster the Fright
ened Dons of the Navy.
MADRID, April 11.— El Heraldo de
Madrid publishes an interview with
Admiral Beranger, former Minister of
Marine, in the course of which he ex
pressed his confidence in the ability of
the Spanish navy to win In the event of
war with the United States.
"There la no teas," said Admiral Ber
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett
anger, "of our Cuban ports being ex
posed to a night attack, inasmuch as
Havana, Cienfuegos, Nuevitas and San
tiago de Cuba are defended by electric
and automatic torpedoes with a large
radius of action.
"The late Senor Canovas del Castillo,
who paid attention to these matters,
decided in accord with myself to send
to Cuba 190 torpedoes which must have
been placed in those harbors. Chacon,
the well known torpedo expert, under
took to convey and place the engines.
"I have alread ■ said that by sea we
shall be victorious. I will give you my
reasons. The first is the excellent dis
cipline maintained on our warships; the
second is that on board the American
vessels, as soon as firing is opened, a
panic will set in; stop* 1 - it is . common
knowledge that their crewa comprise
men of every nationality. Pitted ship
against ship, then, we have nothing to
fear."
CARDINAL RAMPOLLA
HOPEFUL OF PEACE.
: LONDON, , Apni 11.— '. Rome cor
respondent iof * the gf Daily | Mail | tele
graphs ; that he \ has - had •' an ■ interview
with Cardinal Rampolla, the Papal sec- i
retary .of state, who : expressed ; himself ',
as -. satisfied with § the present phase )of i
;^ the situation, and ; is i hopeful i concern
:ing the ? outcome ;of ; the Pope's action.
He • declined to ;go I into ) details, but ? in
dictated :< that % he p expected a dl snatch
from .< Washington announcing: -an ap« ,
preaching solution of the OUBLpultz, ; ,
PROOF OF THE
TREACHERY OF
GEN. WEYLER
Lee Has Documents Con
victing Spain of De
stroying the Maine.
Congress Will Act on Wednes
day, and Probably in the
Form of a Declara
tion of War.
NEW YORK, April v.— The Herald's Key West
correspondent sends the following: There now seems no
doubt that Lee will present documents to President
McKinley proving absolutely that Weyler placed mines
in Havana harbor and planned destruction for any Amer
ican warship that might visit Havana, on a friendly
mission or otherwise. Lee's assumption is that a Weyler
sympathizer in the navy yard was the actual agent who
accomplished the purpose, planned by Weyler, of destroy
ing the Maine.
Upon this Lee's mind dwelt when, just before the
Fern raised anchor on Saturday evening, he proposed a
sentiment which concluded with the open charge that a
Spanish mine caused the death of the officers and men of
the Maine.
One of the attaches of the Consulate in Havana,
who is here yet, awaiting orders which will probably come
from Washington to-morrow afternoon, assured me that
Lee carries indisputable proof of Weyler's perfidy. My
informant has for months been very close to Lee aud cer
tainly knows whereof he speaks. He said that if the
papers the American Consul carried are made public they
will cause an international sensation.
These papers are in most cases original documents
and are fully attested. One places Weyler in the posi
tion of a self-confessed butcher who would willingly
sacrifice the lives of hundreds of human beings for the
simple reason that they happened to be connected with an
American warship.
In other words he openly boasted his ability to blow
out of water any Yankee ship that entered Havana har
bor, no matter what position might be taken. The mines
were so carefully arranged that they commanded every
anchorage in the harbor.
My informant also intimated that Lee carried to
Washington a plan of the harbor, showing the location
of the mines and the methods and means of operating
them from the arsenal.
NEW YORK, April n.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: With the American Congress
quarreling over the President's message
in an effort to formulate a line of poli
cy, Spain will have a reasonable time for
negotiating for terms of peace with the
Cubans.
The situation as it exists to-night
is perhaps none the less threatening;
NEWS OF THE DAT.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Tuesday; northerly
changing to westerly wind; probably
fog and much colder Tuesday after
noon and night.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 84 degrees
Portland 82 degrees
Los Angeles 74 degrees
San Diego 64 degrees
Sacramento 80 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
President for Armed Intervention.
Spaniards Insult Old Glory.
Weylertteß Riot at Madrid.
SECOND PAGE.
To Mass Infantry In the South.
De Castro In Washington.
Statesmen on the Message.
Americans Flee From Porto Rico.
Lee Gets an Ovation.
Nevada Bars Starving Klna.
Minister and Layman Fight.
THIRD PAGE.
The Message Means War.
Comment of the Press.
FOURTH PAGE.
The Message in Congress.
Reports of Consuls In Cuba.
Plans for an Armistice.
FIFTH PAGE.
The Election at San Jose.
Woman Burned to Death.
Sacramento Republicans Act.
Elections In Many Towns.
Work oT the Supervisors.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
but one point has been gained for
Spain — delay.
President McKinley is a great believer
in time for curing all evils, and he is op
timistic enough to still believe that peace
may be evolved out of the complicated
situation. He has made up his case for
Congress and is willing to share the re
sponsibility with that branch of govern
ment in carrying out any measures that
NEWS OF THE DAT.
FIFTH PAGE.
New Bohemian Club President.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The President's Message.
Please Explain.
Postal Savings Banks. . .:■-■'
Tweedledum ■ and Tweedledee> J
A West Indian Station. ~.
Panama or Nicaragua. "
Stories From the Corridors.
Our Naval Victories. :
SEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Features of : Local Playbill*.
Extensions for . the Orpheum.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Racing at Emeryville.".'
NINTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and i Deaths.
'■]■ TENTH PAGE.
Labor Wins Over Kelso. '■ .
: News Along the Water Front.
. Shot by an Ex-Convict. •
*. " ELEVENTH . PAGE.
Scared ■ by Coffins at Tlburon.
■. Ferry , Frauds _. to *Be : Unearthed.
Troops Ready to March to War. •
V Word From , Imprisoned Whu'.erv
; TWELFTH PAGE.
The New Charter. :, . ■■ "
j .;.. NINETEENTH PAGE.
The Commercial : World. • - '
: TWENTIETH . PAGE. .
- Eh&rkey, and Jeffries Matched. ■
'. Shooting :in Abbott's 1 Diva. ' : :
: Kelso Divorce Suit Is Off.
Quaral Almost Led fa Death. ..2
WOULD MASS
INFANTRY AT
CHICKAMAUGA
General Miles Endeavors to Ob
taiQ Niger's Approval of
Y\\s Plans.
NEW YORK, ".pril 11.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
S'-iould the recommendations of Major General Miles, commanding: the
army, be approved by Secretary Alger, all the Unite 1 States infantry
east of the :i<x*ky Mountains will be massed at Chiekamauga National
Fark before the end of this week. Secretary Alger, however, up to this
time has withheld his approval of the concentration ordered, having
permitted the movement of only the Twenty-fifth Infantry, which
Btarted yesterday from Fort Missoula, Mont., after many delays. Six
companies of this regiment are under orders to proceed to Chicka
mauga and two go directly to Dry Tortugas.
(it-neral Miles had a long conference with Secretary Alger to-day
in which the commanding general strongly urged upon the Secretary
the necessity of prompt action with regard to the concentration of the
available military forces of the nation. Secretary Alger will have an
other conference with General Miles to-morrow, when the general sit
uation with special reference to the attitude and probable action of
Congress will be again discussed.
General Miles and all army officers at the department consider that
the Spanish overtures of the last few days have not in any way
changed the situation. They regard the outlook as serious in the ex
treme, and believe that war is imminent. For these reasons they
strenuously advocate concentration and organization of troops on a
■war bisis at the earliest posrible moment.
General Miles does not advocate the calling out of the National
Guards in adva. re of actual hostilities. Their services will not be
asked for until war has been declared or intervention in Cuba agreed
upon.
may be enacted as a result of his mes
lage. no matter how serious the conse
quences may ho. Now Congress has the
responsibility upon it. It is the Presi
dent's sincere hope that it will weigh
every phase of the question as carefully
as he hns done and that when it does
act, it will declare for forcible interven
tion, and not in the form of a direct de
claration of war.
"Rather that the Administration
should be an ignominious failure
than that it should be responsible for
an unholy war/ is a favorite expres
sion of the President.
Should he be clothed with authority
to use the military and naval forces to
intervene solely for the purpose of es
tablishing peace and order in Cuba, the
President proposes to exercise it first
by transmitting to Spain a copy of the
resolution, with a statement that his
obligations require him to carry out the
will of Congress, and a notification that
he will do so at once, unles^ Spain with
draws from the island.
In other words, the President will
deliver an ultimatum to Spain before
making a naval demonstration, in
the hope that Spain may at the last
moment consent to the concession of
the independence of the people of
that island upon an indemnity, or
upon some other basis which may be
satisfactory to all parties involved.
If war should then come, whether
"holy" or "unholy," he will feel that
the responsibility is on Spain.
One significant sign of peace is that
diplomatic relations between the United
States and Spain have not been severed
as a result of the message sent to Con
gress to-day. It is true that all our
Consuls have been called out of Cuba
and that would indicate a preliminary
sign of war, but our Minister is still at
Madrid and Spain's representative is
still here. It was supposed that when
ihe President's message went to Con
gress .Spain would at once take um
brage and recall Minister Polo de Ber
nabe. She has not done so, nor has the
President recalled Minister YVoodford.
The two Ministers are thus at their posts
of duty and in position to resume nego
tiations for a definite settlement of the
Cuban question pending the differences
between the two countries involving the
Maine disaster in the event that Spain
should succeed in getting the Cubans to
consent to the armistice which the
Queen has proclaimed.
The whole matter is left in the hands
of Congress, so far as the President is
concerned, but if anyti n^ should come
of the negotiations which are known to
be secretly under way to secure the in
dependence of Cuba on an indemnity
basis, there is no doubt that the Presi
dent would quickly open negotiations
with Spain while Congress is deliber
ating over the form of action it will
take.
This is the only ray of hope shin
ing forth from the war-clouds which
are still hovering over us, and while
too much importance should not be
attached to it, it should not be lost
sight of as one of the remote possi
bilities.
The text of the armistice which is now
in the possession of the President, I was
told to-night, was rather disappointing
to the authorities here, and if the full
terms had been known this morning, the
addition to the President's message inti
mating a desire for delay might not have
been inserted.
As to the Congressional situation, all
indications to-night point to some days'
delay. Both houses are in an ugly
frame of mind. The President's mes
sage, while satisfactory to the conserva
tive classes, is disappointing to the ma
jority. One of the chief points of dis
satisfaction is the omission of any ref
erence to the question ot the independ
ence in the demands wnich the messaee
shows the President has made upon
Spain. His reference to a "stable form
of government means, in the opinion of
most of those who takft exception to the
message, that the President still favors
an autonomist form of government for
Cuba, and his line of argument against
recognition of independence at this time
is interpreted to mean that he never
contemplated anything further in his de
mands upon the Madrid authorities.
It is this question of recognition
of independence that is the main
bone of contention in Congress and
one which -will provoke the delay
which Spain is praying for.
The Foreign Affairs committees are
divided on the question in their efforts
to formulate a resolution for final adop
tion. Strong efforts have been made to
get both committees into line upon the
same resolution, so as to expedite action
when the matter comes before the two
Houses. There is little doubt that the
recommendations of the two commit
tees, whatever they may be, will finally
prevail, but with certain factions favor
ing the recognition of independence as a
prelude to forcible intervention, another
in favor of an out and out declaration
of war, another standing with the Pres
ident in favor of forcible intervention as
one step to be taken at this time, some
•lays' debate will undoubtedly ensue
after the committees have reported.
The peace men. who do not want any
action at all, must also be taken into
consideration. With the elastic rules of
the Senate these men would be able to
prolong the debate indefinitely.
Naturally great interest is manifested
in administration and Congressional cir
cles as to the attitude which will be as
sumed by the great powers in the event
that Congress should direct the Presi
dent to forcibly intervene to end the
war in Cuba. None of the powers has
gone so far as to officially state the po
sition it will adopt, and for the present
their interest in the matter is confined to
the efforts they are making to urge
Spain to make all possible haste in ar
ranging terms of peace with the insur
gents.
It is admitted by representatives of the
powers with whom I talked that they
believe the joint representation they
made at the White House last week had
the effect, in the first place, of causing
the President to postpone the transmis
sion of his message to Congress until
to-day, and, second, of indirectly result
ing in its being couched in milder terms
than before they saw Mr. McKinley.
If the insurgents should refuse to ac
cept the liberal propositions offered by
Spain, they believe this Government
should withdraw its moral support and
prospective armed intervention, and
this, it is believed, would have the ef
fect of causing the Cubans to come to
terms.
The expulsion of Spain from the
island of Cuba and the declaration of the
independence of the island from the
sovereignty of Spain will probably be
the vital points in the resolution which
will finally be adopted by Congress.
Strenuous efforts are now being made to
get the Foreign Relations Committee of
the Senate and the Foreign Affairs
Committee of the House into line upon
the s?me resolution, and to have the re
port of the two as nearly unanimous as
possible. Up to the present time these
efforts have not succeeded. It has not
even been possible to harmonize the dif
ferences of the Republican members of
either committee. The question of rec
ognizing of in any way referring to in
dependence in the resolution is a stumb
ling block. Practically every member of
each committee has in his pocket the
text of a resolution which he believes
ought to be adopted. These all differ,
but they range themselves under three
heads — intervention without reference to
independence, to establish peace and
stable government; intervention by de
claration of independence of the people
of Cuba without recognizing the present
so-called Government, and intervention
accepted by direct recognition of the
present so-called Government. The sec
ond of these, which is in the nature of
a compromise, seems to-night to be the
one on which agreement is most proba
ble. Much may depend upon the state
ment made to Congress by Consul Gen
eral Lee when he appears before them.
The majority of the Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations is to
night in favor of a mandatory reso
lution in reply to the President's
message.
The committee went into secret ses
sion as soon as the Senate adjourned
and remained in session four hours. The
debate was exceedingly spirited, but
there was a wide diversity of opinion
over the question of immediate interven
tion or leaving it to the discretion of the
President, as suggested in the message.
There was also a diversity of opinion on
the subject of recognizing the independ
ence of the Cuban republic. When the
meeting adjourned no definite action
had been reached, and the committee
adjourned to meet again to-morrow,
when it is expected that Consul General
Lee will appear, and make a statement
as to the situation in Cuba and will
clear up the question as to whether he
can shed any additional light on the
Maine disaster. All the members of the
committee are pledged to secrecy, but
it is known that if a vote had been taken
on the proposition favored by the ma
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
SAGASTA'S PAPER
SHOWS HOSTILITY.
MADRID, April 11.— The Lib
eral, in a spirited article this
morning on the political situa
tion, says: "President McKin
ley's message will decide Spain's
course. If the Washington Gov
ernment changes its conduct,
withdraws its threats and fol
lows the dictates of justice,
peace-loving Spain will forgive
the injuries done her and will
turn from war. But if the re
public continues its course in in
sisting on armed intervention
Spain without arrogance or fear
will accept the challenge, allow-
ing no one to restrain her, seek
ing counsel or help from no one
to maintain her flag unstained
and her sovereignty untouched.
The nation is strong enough, be
ing closely united with the army
which is really the nation
armed."
jority, to report a mandatory resolution,
there would not have been a dissenting
voice sufficient to warrant a minority
report. As it was, the committee ad
journed without committing itself to any
definite resolution.
In view of the expected arrival of
Consul General Lee to-morrow the com
mittee will not be ready to submit its
report to the Senate before Wednesday.
In the meantime a mighty effort will be
made to swing the entire committee into
line in support of the President's re
commendations. The friends of imme
diate intervention are positive to-night
that there is but slight probability of the
majority of the committee reversing:
their present judgment. In any event
there is apt to be protracted debate on
any resolution reported back from the
committee. The elastic rules of the Sen
ate admit of the greatest freedom of dis
cussion, and some Senators will insist
upon getting their views Into the Record
before they cast their votes. It is prob
able that in the end the House commit
tee will fall in line and accept such res
olution as may be agreed to by the Sen
ate committee.
The Republican members of the
House committee held a prolonged con
ference this afternoon without coming
to any agreement. The advocates of rec
ognizing the independence of the so
called republic of Cuba held out stren
uously for their end and refused to ac
cept any compromise. The conference
broke up with the differences between
the participants as wide as before. An
other conference was held to-day, last
ing until a late hour, but the advocates
jf the different forms of resolutions
proposed found it still impossible to
reconcile their differences.
There will be a meeting of the full
committee to-morrow morning, but in
view of the failure of the Republican
members to reach a conclusion to-night
no resolution will be reported to the
House to-morrow. It is possible that
the committee may delay action long
enough to hear Consul General Lee
after the Senate committee is through
with him.
KACES AT THE EAST.
Banished Wins the Tennessee Club
Purse at Memphis.
MEMPHIS, Tr-nn., April 11.— There was
no stake feature on the card at Mont
gomery Park to-day, but six well-filled
races attracted a large crowd, which
kept the twenty-two bookies busy. The
weather was pleasant. There was much
comment among horsemen upon the de
feat of Or unent by Salvable in the
Montgomery handicap, and the opinion is
that Ornament was not ready for a bruis
ing race with such a heavy impost up.
The great son of Order is regarded as a
•crtain starter in the Brooklyn handicap
at Gravesend in May, for which event he
has been the winter favorite.
Five furlongs. Pearl "Walker won, Hen
rica second. Jim Lisle third. Time 1:03%.
Four furlongs. Lieber Anton won, Ban
ish second. Sagita third. Time, lso\
Tennessee Club purse, six furlongs.
Banished won. Millstream second, Globe
II third. Time, UVP/L
One mile, selling. Wilson won, George
B Cox second, Elenor Holmes third.
Time, 1:41%.
Five furlongs, selling, High Jinks won,
Lennop second, Trombone third. Time,
1:Q2&
Steeplechase, about two miles. Captain
Piersal won, imp. Alfonso second. Bob
Neeley third. Time, S:03&
CINCINNATI, April 11.— While being
(vanned up for the last race at Newport
to-day Blacking Brush ran away three
miles and was scratched. Great Land won
tuiother race to-day from a good field of
2-year-Olds. Track fast:
Six furlongs— Panohita TI won. Judge
Baker second Motilla third.' Time, I:lsV*.
Four furlongs— Black Venus won, Pansy
B second, Francis Reed third. Time,
:49>T!-
Seven furlongs— Deyoe won, Baratari
second, Duchess of York third. Time,
1:30.
One mile— Swordsman won, Dominica
second, Fasig third. Time, 1:48)4.
Four and a half furlongs— Great Land
won, Deblaise second, John F. Vogt third.
Time, :56.
One mile, selling— Llewanna won. Carrie
Lyle second. Rockwood third. Time, 1:42.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The spring
meeting of the Washington Jockey Club
opened at Bennlngs to-day. The track
was good and the weather showery. Only
two of the favorites, Filigrane and First
Fruit, won, the other three events going
to long shots. Results:
Three-year-olds and upward, six fur
longs—Summer Sea won, Handprees sec
ond. Ortolan third. Time, 1:16.
Maiden 2-year-olds, half mile— FillgTane
won. St. Clair second, Bonny Boy third.
Time, 51*4.
Three-ye'ar-olde and upward, selling, six
and a half furlongs— Her Own won. Louise
N second. Lucid third. Time. 1:23»4.
Maiden 3-year-olds, six and a half fur
longs—First Fruit won, Sophomore sec
ond. Masconomo third. Time, 1:254.
Owners' handicap, 3-year-olds and up
ward, one mile— Our Johnny won, Sensa
tional second, Thomas Cat third. Time,
MILLIONAIRE CHENEY
WEDS JULIA ARTHUR
BOSTON, April 11.— The marriage of
Benjamin H. Cheney, the well-known mil
lionaire of this city, to Miss Julia Artimr,
the actress, was announced to-day. The
announcement was a complete surprise to
all save the most intimate friends of the
couple. The ceremony took place some
time ago in Now York. Miss Arthur has
been quite ill recently.
DALY LOWERS THE
COLOrfS OF LAVIGNE.
PHILADELHPIA, April 11.— Jack Daly
of Wilmingrton had the better of the ar
gument with Kid Lavigne to-day at the
Arena. The bout went the full six rounds
and Dajy had the better of every round
but the second. Lavigne was Knocked
down in the first and fifth rounds. In the
second round Lavigne punished Daly with
some heavy stomach blows.
Wind Blights the Cropg.
WOODLAND, April 11.— Instead of a
refreshing rain as has been hoped for, a
nerce and desiccating north wind blew to
day, and there are many who believe that
it is destroying the last vestige of hope
fur a crop.
FLEEING FROM
THE CAPITAL
OF PORTO RICO
Coqsul HH Q o na an d a Party of
Americans Tal^e Refuge on
St. Thon)as Island.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. THOMAS, West Indies, April 11.— In accordance with orders
from "Washington to proceed immediately to this island, Mr. P. C.
Hanna, United States Consul in San Juan de Porto Rico, arrived here
to-day on a Spanish schooner. He was accompanied by his wife and
party of fifteen Americans, including Mr. Delvalle, the vice-consul,
and family; Mr. and Mrs. Wyman and Mrs. Van Syckle. Before leav
ing San Juan Mr. Hanna turned over the affairs of the United States
consulate to the British Consul. All Americans remaining on the is
land will he under the protection of the British flag.
Mr. Hanna says that the officials of Porto Rico extended every
courtesy as he was leaving. At the time of his departure the authori
ties of Porto Rico were in entire ignorance as to the situation. Troops
were under orders to be ready for service at any time, and plans
were afoot to put 30,000 rifles into the hands of civilians. Cannon are
being placed at different strategic points, coal and water supplies are
being increased and the impression is general that war has broken
out between the United States and Spain. This has caused scores of
citizens to move into the interior, so aa to be out of range of naval
guns.
There are grave fears of a serious revolution should the United
States blockade San Juan. Consul Hanna is anxious to return to
Porto Rico as soon as possible, as the British Consul is soon to
leave San Juan on leave of absence.
The Spanish cruisers Vizcaya and Almirante Oquendo were at San
Juan when Mr. Hanna left that port.
DE CASTRO IN
WASHINGTON
The Spanish Consul Was
Summoned There on
Last Sunday.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— De
Castro, the Spanish consul at
San Francisco, is here, and it is
understood that he will soon be
transferred to another post.
This information comes from an
attache of the Spanish legation
in Washington. An attache of
the legation said to-night that
although Mr. De Castro was
here on official business and
would soon te transferred to
another post of duty, the senor's
conscience was clear and he was
not afraid.
Felipe de Castro, the Spanish Consul,
has left San Francisco, and from the
present strained relations existing be
tween the United States and the coun
try which he represents it is not at all
probable that he will return. This much
information was given out at the office
of the Spanish Consulate yesterday by
Acting Vice-Consul Camilo Martin.
The account of De Castro's sudden and
almost mysterious departure was pub
lished exclusively in yesterday's Call.
When a representative of The Call
called upon the vice-Consul yesterday
he found that gentleman in his office
in the Spring Valley building intensely
absorbed in the perusal of a magazine.
From the evident interest manifested
upon his countenance in the article
that he was reading it was apparent
that he had nut read the President's
message, or, if he had, that he attached
very little importance to it.
He received the reporter with all the
customary courtesy and dignity that
characterizes the Dons of Castile. The
inquiry us to the whereabouts of Con
sul de' Castro brought forth the answer
from his deputy that he was in Wash
ington, D. C, Avhere he had gone last
Sunday, having been summoned there
by an order from the Spanish Minister,
Senor Bernabe.
"When will he return?"
"I do not know," answered the vice-
Consul. . "
"Why did the Consul send out the
P. P. C. cards?"
"He presumed that he was sum
moned to Washington with the view of
being exchanged to some other post,
and, as is the custom in such cases, he
thought it best to comply with the
ethics of the Consular system."
"If there is a change made in tne
Consulship who will succeed Pelipe de
'■That I cannot say at present," re
plied Camilo Martin, "bu until an
oher person is appointed by the bpan
ish Government, if there is to be a
change. I myself will be in charge of
the office." ; ..
No word has been received from the
Consul since his arrival in Washing
ton was reported. If he does not re
turn his family, who are at present
here, will follow him East and join
him there Mr. Martin did not know
why De Castro had been summoned to
Washington, nor could he throw any
light upon the nature of the business
that had been the cause of his depart
ure From the tenor of his remarks
it is presumable that he does not ex
pect his chief to return here. So far no
word has been received at the Consul
ate from the absent Consul as to when
he will return, or if he expects to re
turn at all. ,
There is one Hgniflcant point In con
nection with the summoning of De
Castro to Washington that has much
weight. He has kept himself thorough
ly posted as t, the naval and military
defenses of the PaciH Coast, and it is
believed that it was for the purpose of
giving information upon this point to
the Spanish Minister that he was sum
moned to Washington.
MINER BURIED UNDER
A SLICE OF ROCK.
REDDING, April 11.— An unknown
miner, working alonfe. in a drift in the
Hoffschneider mine near Iron Mountain,
was caved upon on Saturday and buried
under 200 cubic feet of rock. The man's
failure to put in an appearance at dinner
time resulted in the discovery of the dis
aster. By hard and incessant work Hoff
schnelder and the mine cook reached the
body before It had become cold. The Cor
oner was summoned and the corpse
brought to this city for interment, arriv
ing at a late hour Sunday evening.
Among the few nersonal eftects of the
deceased was found a tintype, which is
supposed to be a hKeness of the victim,
token at an early age. A letter from a
patent medicine manufacturer in the
Eastern States offering an agency to Joe
Thomas, and addressed to Brooks, Or., is
the only clew to the name of the unfortu
nate man. There were several other pat
ent medicine circulars, but none of these
were addressed.
The deceased is described as a man of
about five feet six Inches in height and
weighing about 150 pounds. He was of a
sandy complexion, with dark hair and a
mustache of a reddish tinge. He was
about 36 years of age.
NEVADA BARS
STARVING KINE
Its Cattlemen Dictate the
Course of Governor
Sadler.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON, April 11.— Nevada will bar
her. gates against California cattle that
seek admission to her ranges. This was
emphatically decided upon at a meet
ing of cattle-owners and cattle-dealers
in this city to-day. The Sagebrush
State cannot afford to endanger its
paramount interest by permitting
germs of disease to be distributed
among livestock, was the sentiment of
the meeting.
The question as to whether Nevada
allow cattle to pass through the State
was discussed, and at length the fol
lowing resolution was presented and
unanimously accepted:
Resolved, That it be the sense of this
meeting that the quarantine between this
State and California be maintained, and
no cattle from infected districts allowed
to enter the State, except in transit under
quarantine restrictions by the railroads,
if it be in the power of the authorities to
prevent it.
Resolved, That the Governor be re
quested to telegraph a copy of this reso
lution to the Secretary of Agriculture at
Washington.
The meeting adjourned with three
rousing cheers for Governor Sadler,
who said that he would unflinchingly
abide by the resolution.
The Goven ir decided to-day to urge
the County Commissioners of Washoe
County to appoint inspectors for sheep
passing throusrh the State, and, should
any prove to be diseased, to stop ship
ments.
Cattlemen from Eastern Nevada who
attended the meeting to-day assert
that the same drought prevailing in
California will strike Nev- ' • on ac
count of the little snow on the moun
tains. Yesterday the Humboldt River
was measured and contained only ten
thousand inches of water, which will
diminish, durir>~ the warm season, far
below the water line of past years.
MINISTER AND
LAYMAN FIGHT
Exciting Combat Takes
Place on a Fresno
Street.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. April 11.— The trouble over
water which irrigationists are having
with the canal company is resulting in
much ill feeling, in which even the
ministry is involved. This was shown
this afternoon, when W. H. Ingels and
Rev. Carroll Ghent, a Baptist minister,
who lives at the Scandinavian colony,
engaged in a street fight over the wa
ter question. Ghent was in a carriage
and Ingels, who is secretary of the i
Fresno Canal and Irrigation Company, i
rode up to the vehicle on a bicycle and,
on alighting, accused Rev. Mr. Ghent j
of having made certain statements at \
a recent meeting held in the colony to !
consider the scarcity of water. Ghent |
denied having made the statements, but
Ingels insisted that he believed the
minister made the remarks attributed
him.
Sharp words were exchanged between
the secretary and the minister. Finally
Mr. Ghent called Mr. Ingels a liar. In
gels got into the carriage and the two
men fought desperately in the vehicle.
Ingels was bent on taking satisfaction
for having been called a liar, and Mr.
Ghent fought to protect himself and
throw his assailant out of the carriage, i
Several blows were struck. Neither
combatant is very much the worse for
the fray, although each left marks on
the other's face.
Ingels was finally forced 1.->ni the
carriage. Ker. Mr. Ghent appeared be
fore Justice Efc John and swore out a
warrant for Ingels' arrest on a charge
of assault. Ingels pleaded guilty, but
the time for passing sentence was con-
tinued. m ;
WILLETT PLEADS GUILTY
TO A MURDER CHARGE.
Baden Murderer to Be Sentenced on
Wednesday for His
Crime.
REDWOOD CITY, April ll.^James
Willett, one of the three men implicated
in the murder of C. A. Andrews at Baden
last November, to-day pleaded guilty of
murder, and the time for passing sen
tence was fixed at next Wednesday, when
testimony will be taken to determine the
degree of guilt.
Harry Winters was tried and convicted
of the "same offense and sentenced to be
hanged. An appeal in his case was de
layed the execution. C. H. Raymond, the
third man, was tried and convicted, and
has paid the death penalty for his crime.
STATESMEN ON
THE MESSAGE
A Majority of Congress
Favor Cuban Inde
pendence.
So the Recommendation of the
President Is Severely
Criticized.
Some Republicans, Including For
aker, Join th.© 1 Democrats in
Differing From McKinley.
Bp»cial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The Pres
ident's message did not, on the first
reading, receive the indorsement of
a majority of the Senators, and many
excused themselves from speaking
about it until they could have time for
careful perusal. In a general way the
objections were based on the ground
that it did not go far enough in recog
nizing the rights of the Cubans. The
Senators who have been especially
noted for their conservatism were
pleased, but they were the exception to
the rule, and many of those Senators
who had in the past few days shown a
disposition to slacken their opposition
to a conservative course appeared to
be disposed to return to their original
positions.
A large number of the Democratic
Senators refused to express them
selves at all, as did several Republi
cans, on the ground that, aa they could
not speak in complimentary terms,
they would say nothing at all. The
most significant utterance on the sub
ject of the message was that of Sena
tor Foraker (R.). from the President's
own State, and a member of the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations. He said:
"I have no patience with the message,
and you can say so." He refused to go
into details.
Senator Mills (D.) of the same com
mittee said: "Without referring to the
message specifically, you can say that
I am for the idependence of Cuba and
for war on account of the Maine."
Senator Cullom (R.), also of the For
eign Relations Committee, commended
the document. He said: "It is a strong
paper, well prepared, and a careful re- :
view. The Senate may go farther than
the President recommends, but it will
j have a strong influence in shaping the
I course of events."
Senator White (D.) of California,
who opposes any interference in the
Cuban question by this country, would
only say that "the Administration ap
pears to be getting all balled up."
Senator Tillman (D.) thought it was
illogical, and that the President's rec
ommendations of means was inade
quate to accomplish what he wants to
| do.
Senator Pettigrew said: "It is the
weakest yet. It sums up the situation
by saying we must recognize neither
belligerency nor independence, but in
tervene to stop the war. Spain has al
ready accomplished this result by
granting a cessation of hostilities, thus
leaving us nothing to do but to con
tinue to make appropriations to feed
the Cuban people."
Senator Chandler said the message
was "a graphic and powerful descrip
tion of the horrible condition of affairs
in Cuba."
Senator Hawley, chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, alsopro
nounced it an able paper, and said that
he thought it ■ ould meet with general
approval.
Senator Elkins, conservative Repub
lican, said: "It states the case admir
ably, and it will be sustained by the
people and Congress."
Senator Allison, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, would
only say: "It is a very good message."
Senator Hale, conservative Republi
lican, and chairman of the Com
mittee on Naval Affairs, went fur
ther in his commendation, saying: "The
message is admirable in all respects,
and especially so in that it points out
the way whereby Cuba can get a good
Government and be free, and without
bringing us into awkward interest com
pli ations."
Henderson (R.) of lowa, one of the
Republican leaders, said: "The message
shows that the made no mistake
in electing William McKinley Presi
dent. We should uphold and sustain the
President and give him the power he
asks."
Grosvenor of Ohio said: "The mes
sage, when the hot blood, which has
been so properly incited by the course
of events, has had time to cool, will be
recognized as an able, patriotic and
wise state paper. The message will be
approved by all the civilized world.
Armed intervention to the great masses
of the people means war with' Spain
and free Cuba— but free Cuba does not
necessarily involve the recognition of
any special existing Government. Cuba
will be free."
WANTS NICARAGUA
CANAL LEGISLATION.
I.OS ANGELES. April 11.— The twenty
second session of the California State
Fruit Growers' Convention met this
morning in the Assembly Hall of the
Chamber of Commerce, under the aus
pices of the State Board of Horticulture.
! The convention was called to order by
I President Cooper of Santa Barbara.
i President Cooper read his annual address,
I which consisted of a review of the work
done at the last annual convention. Sev
eral papers of interest to fruit growers
were read, and the following resolution
was then adopted by the convention:
"Resolved, That this convention of
fruit growers, impressed with the belief
that the future of this industry depends
on the improvement of transportation fa
cilities, demands from the Republican
party the redemption of the pledges made
in its platform of 1896 as to the owning
and operating of the Nicaragua canal,
and requests Senators and Congressmen
of all political parties to unite to further
such legislation as shall tend to the im
mediate construction of this canal.
Resolved. That Senator George C.
Perkins and Stephen White be specially
requested to take charge of and urge
! this necessary legislation at Washing-
Charles Harris Disappears.
SANTA CRUZ, April 11.— Charles Har
ris, complaining witness in the case
against Minnie Plyler for mayhem, which
case is to be called in the Superior Court
on Wednesday, has left the city and his
whereabouts is unknown. Sheriff Besse
has returned from San Francisco, but
was unable to find his man.
A Child on the Doorstep.
Last night at about 9:30 o'clock John
Jianpaoli, who lives at 14^i Scott place,
heard knocks at his door. His wife open
ed the door, and on the stoop found a
child wrapped up In a shawl. Pinned to
the shawl was the following note: "This
child has no father or mother, as both
are dead. For God's sake give It a home
with you. It was born on December U2,
1897." Neighbors say they saw a poorly
dressed woman running away from the
house at about the time the child was
found. Mr. Jianpaoli says he will adopt
the child, as he has just lost two children
of his own.
LEE RECEIVES
AN OVATION
Wild Enthusiasm Caused
by the General's
Presence.
Throughout the South the Peo
ple Give Hearty Welcome
to the Diplomat.
Train Besieged by Admirers of the-
Returning Consul Who Speak
in Glowing Words.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WAYCROSS, Ga., April 11.— Ever*
station along the route of Consul-Gen,
eral Lee's special train lavished ap
preciative tributes upon him. Tha
country fnr miles in the interior fur
nished ardent admirers, who came in
carts, wagons and on horseback.
Whenever the general stepped to the
rear platform at stations outbursts of
applause gTeeted him. Before reaching
Jasper, Fla., three telegrams were re
ceived on the train urging him to maka
his appearance so that the people could,
see him. Arriving there, the local com
pany of State troops and a score of
Confederate veterans with a wild J
crowd met him. In response to a speech
of welcome General Lee said:
"I thank you, sir, for your kind ex
pressions, I thank the American people
for the commendation they have shown
my administration as yo-ur Consul-Gen*
eral at Havana. I have never really
known until to-day how united tha
people are in sanctioning my course."
In the afternoon he endeavored to
get some sleep, but it was impossible.
The crowds would besiege the train an<J
even attempted to force the doors of
the private car in their frantic efforts
to see the popular general.
Waycros exceeded all previous points
in giving General Lee an ovation. As
the special train rolled through the
railroad yard every whistle and bell
pealed forth in welcome. Cannon roar
ed and musketry rattled, while 4000
wildly excited persons franctically
crowded up to the car. General Lee
was taken bodily from the car and was
introduced to the crowd by Colonel G.
S. McLendon of Georgia in the follow-
ing words:
"As long as human history Is -writ
ten, as long as human history is read,
the name of Lee ill shine out as a
beacon light on the shores' of truth and
honor and courage. This, gentlemen, is
Fitzhugh Lee of America,"
An afternoon ~aper in a big scare
head announced. "Lee for President in
1900."
The special train will reach Washing
ton about 2 o'clock to-morrow after
noon.
SAVANNAH, April 11.— At Savannah
more than 5000 persons were at the sta
tion to see General Lee when the train
came in. The crowd was enthusiastic
and a short speech was made, the gen
eral being frequently applauded. As
the train rolled into the station a pla
toon of the Chatham Artillery, of
which General Lee is an honorary
member, began firing a major-gener
al's salute of thirteen guns. General
Lee and the members of his party
were completely tired out by their long
trip. Orders were given here by the
transportation department of the Plant
system for operators north of this city
to withhold all information as to the
progress of the train, so as to prevent
the party being disturbed. The party
retired immediately after leaving Sa
vannah.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1/FRATf
TO
DYEA,
SKAGUAY OR WRANGEL, ON THE
fifth trip of the safe, new, fast-sail-
ing steamer Humboldt about April 25.
Every one who buys of us an outfit of
clothing, tools, provisions and sundries
for Alaska not, less than $100 will re-
ceive a full-paid second cabin ticket
at $25, with all freight advantages.
WILL DO OUR PART
I To equalize fares and freights between
this and other cities. If you are going
earlier or have a preference for an-
other line or vessel, see us before buy-
ing.' We have very few tickets to dis-
pose of on this trip. Will try to make
it to your interest on whatever line you ,
decide to take. We have everything
you need. Cut prices to all. No outside
drummers. No extra commissions to
foster offices. You get the best service
and the best price on everything at
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.
ELY'S CREAM BALM is a positive care.
Apply into the nostrils. '■'■ It is quickly absorbed. SO
cents at Drnseiets or by mail ; samples 10c by mail.
ELY BROTH EBB, 60 Warren St., New York City.
Wrist's Mian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have : used i them for over forty years to cura
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimple*
and : purify the blood.
Grossman's Sued Mixture
, s With this remedy persons -can " cure them-
selves ; without ■ the - least exposure, change of
diet or change in application to business. The
medicine ( contains . nothing of the least injury
1 to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
Price, (la bottle.THE MESSAGE THAT MEANS WAR
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following: message
f to Congress:
To the Sedate find the Howe of Rcpre
lentativtt of the United Slatet:
Obedient to that precept of the consti
tution which commands the President to
give from time to time, the Congress in
formation ol the Btate of the I'nion and
to recommend to their consideration such
mea ■■ shall judge necessary and
lient 11 becomes my duty now to
with regard to the
gX&\ a that lias arisen in the re
the United States to Spain by
reason of the warfare that for more than
threi years has raged in the neighboring
I
1 do bo because of the intimate con
nection of the Cuban question with the
ur own Union and the grave rela
tion the course which it is now incum
nation to adopt must needs
to the traditional policy of our
b to accord with the
laid down by the founders of
md religiously observed by
i ding administrations to the present
day.
ent revolution is hut the sue
; other similar insurrections
; have occurred in Cuba against the
lon of Spain, extending over a pe
n early half a century, much of
which, during its progress, has subjected
to great effort and ex
>rcing it s neutrality laws,
ous losses to American
commerce, caused irri
tatlon, annoyance and disturbance
citizens and by the
ruel, barbarous and un
practlcea of warfare, shocked
; and offended th© humane
1] pi
rev( iution began in
iary, 1885, this country has seen the
>i tain ut our threshold ravaged
word in the course of a
i in the history of the
Island and rarely paralleled as to tha
number of the combatants and the bit
ter: • ... nuesi by any revolution
if m< dern times whore a dependent peo
► pie, striving to be free, have been op
1 by the power of the sovereign
state.
Our people have beheld a once
prosperous community reduced to
comparative want, its commerce vir
tually paralyzed, its exceptional pro
ductiveness diminished, its fields laid
waste, its mills in ruins and its peo
ple perishing by tens of thousands
from hunger and destitution.
We have f. .und ourselves constrained in
the observance of that strict neutrality
which our laws
enjoin and which
tic law of nations
commands, to po
lice our own wa
ters and watch our
own seaports in
prevention of any
Spanish Misrule as a
Thorn in
America's Side.
unlawful aid of the
Cubans. Our trade has suffered; the cap
vested by our citizens in Cuba has
■ly lost, and the temper and
forbearance of onr people have been so
sorelj tried as to beget a perilous unrest
-r our own citizens, which inevitably
expression from time to time in
the ■ eglslature, bo that issues
external to our own body politic
-s attention and stand in the way
; ■■;..--.■ devotion to domestic ad
vancement that becomes a self-contented
commonwealth whose primal maxim has
been avoidance of all foreign entangle
ments.
All this must needs awaken and has in
deed most concern on the
part of tins Government as well during
my ]:■• ■ I'l'tn as my own.
In April, lvi, the evils from which our
count! i through the Cuban war
::,.■ so onerous that my predecessor
made an effort to bring about a peace
._;h the mediation of this Govern
way that might tend to an
. - meni ol t ne < oi:;. st be
i her revolting colony, on
si heme of self
: : for Cuba, under the flag and
reignty of Spain, it failed through
•!■•• refusal of h Government
wer i" consider any form of
ndi . any plan of settle
ment which did not begin with the actual
■ n '■. 'h<- In — gents to the mother
try. ana t! ; such terms -as
■if misrht see tit to grant. The
war continued vi abated. The resistance
of the insurgents was in no wise dimin-
The efforts of Spain were increased,
both by the dispatch of fresh levies to
Cuba and by the addition to the horrors
rife.
The new and inhuman phase,
happily unprecedented in the mod
ern history of civilized Christian peo
ple, the policy of devastation and
concentration, inaugurated by the
captain-general's order of October 21,
1896, in the province of Pinar del
Rio, was thence extended to embrace
all of the island to which the power
of the Spanish arms was able to
reach by occupation or by military
operations.
The peasantry, Including all dwelling
in the open agricultural interior, were
n into tic- garrison towns or into
In hi by the troops. The
I movement of provisions of all
terdicted. The fields were
laid \v;i.st<\ dwellings unroofed and fired,
mills destroyed, ami. in short, everything
that late the land and render it
unfit for human habitation or support
was commanded
by one or other of
the contending
parties, and exe
cuted by all the
powers at tli-'ir
iL By the
time the present
ad mini st ration
The Awful Horrors of
the Policy
of Concentration.
took office a year ago, r^conc^ntration—
bad been made effective over
the better part <>f the four central and
western provinces— Santa Clara. Matan
za-s, Havana and Pinar de.l Rio. The
i agricultural population, to the estimated
number of 300.000 or more, was herded
within the towns and their immediate
vicinity, deprived of the means of sup
port, rendered destitute of shelter, left
poorly clad and exposed to the most un
■ - :":i <■ t . >r>- conditions.
As the Bcarclty of food Imrea-sed with
levastation of the depopulated areas
of production, destitution and want be
came misery and starvation. Month by
mon'h the death rate Increased i:i alarm-
Ing ra.l o. Bj Mar.li. 1897, according to
tive estimates from official Span
the mortality among the re
ncentrados from starvation and ihf>
o Incident, exceeded 50 per
centum ol their total number. No prac
tical orded to the destitute.
The overburdened towns, already
ing from the general dearth, could give
died areas of cultivation,
• t&bUshed within the immediate area of
NTEW FORK, April 11.— The local
papers will comment as follows
* upon the President's message to
morrow morning:
raid: "The tone of the message is
warlike, but the conclusions are peace
ful. All things considered, the Presi
deni has taken a far stop toward peace.
He stands with the drawn sword. It
is t->r Spain to say whether the blow
shall fall. There will be disappoint
ment over the President's stand in re
lation to Cuban Independence. Yellow
Journalists, ranting yellow dema
gogues, may rage and gnash their
teeth ami utter vain things. The Prfs-
Ident can wait. He has done what is
■
Tribune: "The message is one tem
perate and brave, and peaee-loviix; but
not war-fearing. It is not tf turning
over of the whole matter to Congress.
It is, on the contrary, an explicit pro
i of a positive and {isgres\sive pol
icy ( and an unqualified request for au
thority to execute it. The President
has done his utmost within the consti
tutional limits of his office. Beyond
those limits he cannot go until Congress
opens the door."
Journal: "The President has pro
four.dly disappointed the American peo
President McKinley Asks Congress for
Authority to Intervene With Arms for
the Restoration of Peace in Cuba.
military control about the cities and for
tified camps, proved illusory as a remedy
for the suffering, xhe unfortunates, being
for the most part women and children,
with aged and helpless men. enfeebled by
disease and hunger, could not have tilled
the soil without tools, seeds or shelter,
for their own support or for the supply of
the cities. Reconcentration, adopted
avowedly as a war measure in order to
rut off the resources of the insurgents,
worked its predestined result.
As I said in my message of last
December it was not civilized war
fare; it was extermination. The only
peace it could beget was that of the
wilderness and the grave.
Meanwhile, the military situation in the
island bad undergone a noticeable change.
The extraordinary activity that charac
terized the second year of the war, when
the Insurgents invaded even the hitherto
unharmed fields of Pinar del Rio and car
ried havoc and destitution up to the
vails of the city of Havana itself, had
relapsed Into a "dogged struggle in the
central and eastern provinces. The Span
ish army regained a measure of control
In Pinar del Klo and parts of Havana,
but under the existing conditions of the
rural country without immediate im
provement of their productive situation.
Even thus partially restricted, the revo
lutionists held their own. and their sub
mission, put forward by Spain as the es
sential and sole basis of peace, seemed
aa far distant as at the outset.
In this state of affairs, my administra
tion found itself confronted with the
grave problem of its
duty. My message
of last December
reviewed the situa
tion and detailed
the steps taken
with a view of re
lieving its acute-
Sagasta, and His
Attempt at a More
Liberal Policy.
ness and opening
the way to some form of honorable set
tlement. The assassination of the Prime
Minister, Canovas, led to a change of
Government in Spain. The former ad
ministration, which pledged subjugation
without concession, gave place to that
of a more liberal party, committed long
in advance to a policy of reform Involv
ing the wider principle of home rule for
Cuba and Puerto Rico. The overtures
of this Government made through its
new envoy. General Woodford, and look
ing to an Immediate effective ameliora
tion of the condition of the island, al
though not accepted to the extent of ad
mitted mediation in any shape, were met
by assurances that home rule in an ad
vanced phase would be forthwith offered
to Cuba, without waiting for the war to
end, and that more humane methods
should henceforth prevail in the conduct
of hostilities.
Incidentally with these declarations the
new Government of Spain continued and
completed the policy already begun by its
predecessor, of testifying friendly regard
lor this nation by "releasing American
citizens held under one charge or an
other connected with the insurrection, so
that, by the end of November, not a
Bingle person entitled in any way to our
national protection remained in a Span
ish prison.
While these negotiations were in prog
ress, the Increasing destitution of the
unfortunate reconeentrados and the
alarming mortality among them claimed
earnest attention. The success which bad
attended the limited measure of relief ex
tended to the suffering- American citi
zens among them, by thr judicious ex
penditure through the consular agencies
of the money appropriated expressly for
their succor by the joint resolution ap
proved May 24, 1887, prompted the humane
extension of a similar scheme to that
great body of sufferers. A suggestion to
this end was acquiesced in by the Span
ish authorities.
On the. 24th of December last, I caused
to be issued an appeal to the American
people, inviting contributions in money or
in kind for the succor of the starving
sufferers in Cuba. Following this, on the
Bth of January, came a similar public an
nouncement of the formation of a central
Cuban relief committee, with headquar
ters in New York City, composed of the
members representing the American Na
tional Red Cross and the religious and
business elements of the community. The
efforts of that committee have been' untir
ing and accom-
plished much good.
Arrangements fol
free transportation
to Cuba have
greatly aided the
charitable work.
The president of
the American Red
It Is Not War, but a
Struggle
to Extermination.
<'r"=s and representatives of other con
tributory organizations have generally vis
itf-d Cubaand co-operated with the Consul-
Cuba and co-operated with the Consul-
General and the local authorities to make
effective distribution of the relief col
lected. Through the efforts of the central
committee, nearly $200,000, in money and
supplies has already reached the suffer
ers, and more is forthcoming:. The sup
plies are admitted duty free and transpor
tation to the interior has been arranged,
bo that the relief, at first necessarily con
fined to Havana and the larger cities, is
now extended through most, if not all, of
the towns where suffering exists. Thous
ands of lives have already been saved.
The necessity for a change in the con
dition of the reconcentrados is recognized
by the Si>a.nlsh Government. Within a
few days pact the orders of General Wey
!er have been revoked, the reconcentrados
are, it is said, to be permitted to return
to their homes and aided to resume the
self-supporting pursuits of peace; public
works having been started to give them
employment, and a sum of $<500,000 has
been appropriated for their relief.
The war in Cuba is of such a nature
that, short of subjugation or extermina
tion, a final military victory for either
side seems impracticable. The alterna
tive lies in the physical exhaustion of the
one or the other party, or perhaps of both
— a condition which in effect ended the
ten years' war by the truce of Sanjon.
The prospect of such a protraction and
conclusion of the present strife is a con
tingency hardly to be contemplated with
equanimity by the civilized world, aivj
least of all by the United States, affected
and injured as we are, deeply and inti
inaiHy, by Its very existence.
Realizing this it appeared to be
my duty, in a spirit of true friendli
ness, no less to Spain than to the
pie. Instead of a call to arms his
message is a summons to retreat. It
is weak, flabby and nerveless. On the
question of the Maine the President is
as disappointing as on that of Cuba,"
Times: "We hope this plain revela
tion of th.c executive intention to look
upon no Cuban Government as estab
lished that is not independent will sat
isfy those members and Senators who
are inclined to insist on recognition of
sovereignty as a condition precedent to
intervention."
Press: "While Congress may relieve
its feelings and content its constitu
ents by a little harmless declamation
as to the present political condition of
the people of Cuba, we feel certain |
that it will follow closely on the broad, j
safe, carefully selected lines of the
President's message. The promptly |
successful termination of a war in
which, beyond the intervention of a
miracle or surrender by Spain, we are
now practically engaged, is the only
thought that can now claim the con
sideration of President and people."
World: "The Presidents message is
strong in its rhetoric, but lamentably
weak in its conclusions. We do not
question the purity of his intentions, j
but it is hard to solve the mystery of I
his actions. With singular obtuseness, j
or perversity, the President fails to
thrust to the front of the controversy |
two thinurs that stir the hearts of the
people and justify Intervention by our
THE SA5^ FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, AFKIL 12, 1898.
The Question of Peace or Hostilities
Is Now in the Hands of the
Representatives of the
People.
Cubans who have so much to lose by
the prolongation of the struggle, to
seek to bring about an immediate
termination of the war.
To this end I submitted, on the 27th ulti
mo, as a result of much representation
and correspondence through the United
States Minister at Madrid, propositions to
the Spanish Government, looking to an
armistice until October 1, for the negotia
tion of peace with the good offices of the
President.
In addition, I asked the immediate revo
cation of the order of reconcentration, so
as to permit the people to return to their
farms and the needy to be relieved with
provisions and supplies from the United
States, co-operating with the Spanish au
thorities so as to afford full relief.
The reply of the Spanish Cabinet was
received on the night of the 31st ultimo.
It offers, as the means to bring about
peace in Cuba, to confide the prepara
tion thereof to the insular department,
inasmuch as the concurrence of that body
would be necessary to reach a final result,
it being, however, understood that the
powers reserved
by the constitu
tion to the cen
tral government
are not lessened
or diminished. As
the Cuban parlia
ment does not
Spain's Answer to
This Country
Not Satisfactory.
meet until the 4th
of May next, the Spanish Government
would not object, for Its part, to accept
at once a suspension of hostilities, 11
asked for by the insurgents from tht
general-in-chief, to whom U would per
tain in such case, to determine the dura
tion and conditions of the armistice.
These propositions, submitted by Gen
eral Woodford, and the reply of the
Spanish Government, were both In th(
form of brief memoranda, the texts ot
which are before, me — and are substan
tlaily in the language above given. Th<
function of the Cuban parliament in th 6
matter of "preparing" peace and the
manner of doing so are not expressed in
the Spanish memorandum; but from
General Woodford's explanatory reports
of preliminary discussions preceding the
linal conference it is understood that the
Spanish Government stands ready to give
the Insular Congress full powers to set
tle the terms or peace with the insur
gents; whether by direct negotiation or
indirectly by means of legislation does
not appear.
With this last overture in the di
rection of immediate peace and its
disappointing reception by Spain
the executive was brought to the
end of his effort.
In my annual message of December
last. I said:
"Of the untried measures there remain
—recognition of the insurgents as bellig
erents; recognition of the independence of
Cuba, and intervention to end the war
by imposing a rational compromise bt
tween the contestants and intervention
in favor of one or the other party. I
speak not of forcible annexation, for that
cannot be thought of. That, by our code
of morality, would be criminal aggres
sion."
Thereupon I reviewed these alternatives
in the light of President Grant's meas
ured words uttered in 1875, when, after
seven years of sanguinary, destructive
and cruel barbarities in Cuba, he reached
th<> conclusion that the recognition of
the independence of Cuba was impracti
cable and indefensible, and that the re
cognition of belligerency was not war
ranted by the facts, according to the
tests of public law. I commented es
pecially upon the latter aspect of the
question, pointing out the inconveniences
and positive dangers of a recognition of
belligerency which, while adding to the
already onerous burdens of neutrality
within our own jurisdiction, could not
in any way extend our influence or ef
fective offices in the territory of hostili
ties.
Nothing has since occurred to chang*
my view in this regard aTid I recognlz*
as fully now as then that the issuance
of a proclamation of neutrality by which
process the so-called recognition of bel
ligerency is published, could, of Itself
and unattended by other action, accom
plish nothing toward the one end for
which we labor, the instant pacification
of Cuba and the cessation of the misery
that afflicts the island.
Turning to the question of recognizing
at this time the independence of the pres
ent insurgent gov-
ernment in Cuba
we find safe pre
cedents in our his
tory from an ear
ly day. They are
well summed up in
President Jack
son's message to
Recognition Could Only
Do Harm
to All Parties.
Congress December 21, 1836, on the subject
of the recognition of the independence of
Texas. He said: "In all the contests
that have arisen out of the revolutions
of France, out of the disputes relating to
the crowns of Portugal and Spain, out of
the separation of the American posses
sions of both from the European govern
ments, and out of the numerous and con
stantly occurring struggles for dominion
in Spanish America, so wisely consistent
with just principles .has been the action
of our Government that we have, under
the most critical circumstances, avoided
all censure and encountered no other evil
than that produced by a transient es
trangement of good will in those against
THE COMMENT OF THE PRESS
IN APPROVAL OF THE MESSAGE
Government. These are the treacher- i lines less calculated to cause superflu
ous destruction of the Maine and free- ' ous offense. It is a pity, however,
dom for Cuba." i looking to the attitude of Spain, that
LONDON, April 12.— The Daily News, i President McKinley could not have
commenting editorially upon the Pres- further postponed the message."
ident's message to Congress, says: The Times says: "The message is
"The message is a vigorous and able not couched in harsh language, though
document. Undoubtedly it means war, jit leads up to a policy which involves
unless Spain agrees to make final | harsh judgment, although one justified
terms with the insurgents and to recall by the sentiment of the civilized world
her troops from Cuba, It must con- on the treatment of Cuba."
vince Europe that the cause for Amer- After expressing a fear that Spain's
ican intervention is a very strong one. offer of armistice comes too late, the
President McKinley's refusal to recog- I Times comments on the "grave respon
nize the independence of Cuba, on the I sibility which President McKinley
ground that it would nullify America's I throws upon Congress." It thinks that
claim of the right to interfere, is sound ]if debate was suspended for a week,
sense and a staggerer for the jingoes, : there might be a chance of peace, and
but Spain must loyally co-operate with ! it expresses regret that President Mc
him if war Is to be averted." Kinley "surrendered his Initiative,"
The Standard says: "The undlg- adding, "he was fully entitled to keep
pulsed disappointment of the jingoes the question in his own hands and
at the subdued and cautious tone of thus to have gained time, an indispen
the message cannot fall to cheer the sable condition of peace."
friends of peace. Assuming an obliga- The Morning Post says: "The studl
tion to send the message at all, one ous vagueness of the message, except
could hardly have been drafted on In that It plainly notifies Spain to
SUMMARY OF
THE MESSAGE.
WASHINGTON, April n.—
The message asks Congress to
authorize the President to take
measures to secure the termin
ation of hostilities in Cuba and
to secure the establishment of
a stable government there, and
to use the military and naval
forces of the United States as
may be necessary for those pur
poses. The President says the
only hope of relief from a con
dition which can no longer be
endured is the enforced pacifi
cation of the island.
The issue is now with Con
gress, and he awaits action,
6tanding prepared to carry out
every obligation imposed on
him by the constitution.
Spain's decree for a suspen
sion of hostilities is submitted
to Congress for just and care
ful attention.
The Maine incident figures
prominently in the message.
The President argues that the
wreck of the Maine in Havana
harbor shows that Spain is not
able to guarantee security to
foreign vessels.
Spain has offered to submit
to arbitration all the differ
ences which may arise from
that affair.
i
whom we have been, by force of evidence, ;
compelled to decide.
"It has thus been made known to the
world that the uniform policy and prac
tice of the United States is to avoid all
interference in disputes which merely re
late to the internal government of other
nations, and eventually to recognize the |
authority of the prevailing party without I
reference to our particular interests and
views or to the merits of the original
controversy. But in this, as in every
other occasion, safety is to be found in
a rigid adherence to principle.
"In the contest between Spain and the
revolting colonies we stood aloof and
waited not only until the ability of the
new States to protect themselves was
fully established, but until the danger of
their being again subjugateu had entirely
passed away. Then, and not until then,
were they recognized. Such was our
course in "regard to Mexico herself.
"It is true that with regard to Texas
the civil authority of Mexico had been
expelled, its invading army defeated, the
chief of the republic himself captured,
and all power to control the newly or
ganized Government of Texas annihilat
ed within Its confines. But. on the other
hand, there is, in appearance at least, an
immense disparity of physical force on
the side of Texas. The Mexican Repub
lic is now rallying its forces under a
new leader and menacing a fresh inva
sion to recover its lost domain.
"Upon the issue of this threatened in
vasion, the independence of Texas may
be considered as suspended, and were
there nothing peculiar in tne situation of
the United States and Texas, our ac
knowledgment of its Independence at
such a crisis could scarcely be regarded
as consistent with that prudent reserve
with which we have hitherio held our
selves bound to treat all similar ques
tions."
Thereupon Andrew Jackson proceeded
to consider the
risk that there
might be imputed
t o the United
States motives of
selfish interest in
view of the for
mer claim on our
The American Policy
Is a Policy
of Non-interference.
part to the terri
tory of Texas and of the avowed purpose
of 'the Texans in seeking recognition of
independence as an incident to the in
corporation of Texas in the Union, con
cluding thus:
"Prudence, therefore, seems to dictate
that we should stand aloof and maintain
our present attitude, if not until Mexico
itself or one of the great foreign powers
shall recognize the independence of the
new government, at least until the lapse
of time or the course of events shall have
proved beyond cavil or dispute the
ability of the people of that country to
maintain tholr separate sovereignty and
to uphold the government constituted by
them. Neither of the contending parties
can justly complain of this course. By
pursuing it we are but carrying out the
long-established policy of our Govern
ment, a policy which has secured to us
respect and Influence abroad and inspired
confidence at home."
These are the words of the resolute and
patriotic Jackson. They are evidence that
the United States, in addition to the test
imposed by public law as the condition
of the recognition of independence by a
neutral State (to wit: that the revolted
State shall "constitute in fact a body
politic, having a government in substance
as well as in name possessed of the ele
ments of stability" and forming de facto
"If left to itself a State among the na
tions, reasonably capable of discharging
Hie duties of a State"), has imposed for
its own goverance in dealing with cases
like these the further condition that rec
ognition of independent statehood is not
due to a revolt and dependency until the
danger of its being again subjugated by
the parent State has entirely passed
away. This extreme test was in fact ap
plied in the case of Texas. The Congress
to whom President Jackson referred the
question as "one probably leading to
war," and therefore a proper subject for
a "previous understanding with that body
by whom war alone can be declared, and
by whom all the provisions for sustaining
its perils must be furnished," left the
matter of recognition of Texas to the dis
cretion of the executive, providing mere
ly for /the sending of a diplomatic agent
when the President should be satisfied
that the republic of Texas had become
"an Independent State." It was so recog
nized by President Van Kuren, who com
missioned a Charge d'Affaires March 7,
1837, after Mexico had abandoned an at
tempt to conquer the Texan territory and
when there was at the time no bona fide
contest going on between the Insurgent
province and its former sovereign.
I said in my message of December last:
"It is to be seriously considered whether
the CuV>«n insurrection possesses beyond
dispute the attributes of statehood, which
alone can demand a recognition of bel
ligerency in its favor." The same require
ment must certainly be no less seriously
considered when the graver issue of
recognizing independence is in question,
for no less positive test can be applied to
the greater act than the lesser, while, on
the other hand, the
influences and con
sequences of the
struggle upon the
internal policy of
the recognizing
State, which form
important factors
Nothing Yet in Cuban
Government
to Be Recognized.
when the recogni
tion of belligerency is concerned, are sec
ondary if not rightly eliminated factors.
The real question is whether the com
munity claiming recognition is or is not
independent beyond peradventure.
Nor from the standpoint of expe
rience do I think it would be wise
or prudent for this Government to
recognize at the present time the in
dependence of the so-called Cuban
republic.
Such recognition is not necessary In
order to enable the United States to inter
vene and pacify the island. To commit
this country now to the recognition of
any particular government in Cuba might
subject us to embarrassing conditions of
international obligation toward the or
ganization so recognized. In case of in
tervention our conduct will be subject to
the approval or disapproval of such gov
ernment. We would be required to sub
mit to its direction and to assume to it
the. mere relation of a friendly ally.
When it shall appear hereafter that there
is within the island a government capa
ble of performing the duties and dis
charging the functions of a separate na
tion, and having, as a matter of fact, the
proper forms and attributes of national
ity, such government can be promptly
and readily recognized and the relations
and interests of the United States with
such nation adjusted.
There remain the alternative
forms of intervention to end the war,
either as an impartial neutral by im
posing a rational compromise be
tween the contestants or as the act
ive ally of the one party or the
other.
As to the first, it Is not to be forgotten
that during the last few months the re
lation of the United States has virtually
been one of friendly intervention in many
ways, each not of itself conclusive, but all
tending to the exertion of a potential in
fluence toward an ultimate pacific re
sult, just and honorable to all interests
concerned. The spirit of all our acts
hitherto has been an earnest, unselfish
desire for peace and prosperity in Cuba,
untarnished by differences between the
United States and Spain and unstained
by the blood of American citizens.
The forcible
Forcible Intervention intervention of
the United States
as a neutral to
stop the war ac
cording to the
Justified by
Common Humanity.
large dictates of numanity, and
following historical precedents where
neighboring States have interfered
to check the hopeless sacrifice of life
by intercine conflicts beyond their
cVoose between war and the abandon
ment of Cuba to such a future as may
seem good to the United States— tells
the world surprisingly little. There is
not a word to suggest that Spain has in
any way sinned against the United
States or infringed upon international
law. The crisis arises from the deter
mination of the American Government
to depart from Washington's precepts,
and to meddle in affairs of a foreign
country."
The Daily Chronicle says: "President
McKinley has made many efforts for
peace; but this is greater and bolder
than any of them. His message calls
a halt by throwing upon Congress the
entire solemn responsibility of making
war. We believe, however, that the
situation is not materially changed.
War is still inevitable, unless Spain
makes concessions she has hitherto
shown no disposition to make."
The Daily Graphic says it thinks the
President's message would lead to war.
It says: Spain will of course resist in
tervention and war will ensue. But
borders, is justifiable on national
grounds.
It involves, however, hostile constraint
upon both the parties to the contest, as
well to enforce a truce as to guide the
eventual settlement.
The grounds for such intervention may
be briefly summarized as follows:
First — In the cause of humanity
to put an e-d to the barbarities,
bloodshed, starvation and horrible
miseries now existing there, and
which the parties to the conflict are
either unable or unwilling to stop or
mitigate. It is no answer to say this
is all in another country, belonging
to another nation, and is therefore
none of our business. It is exprsssly
our duty, for it is right at our door.
Second — We owe it to our citizens
in Cuba to afford them that protec
tion and indemnity for life and
property which no government there
can or will afford, and to that enu
terminate the conditions that de
prive them of legal protection.
Third — The right to intervene may
be justified by che very serious in
jury to the commerce, trade and
business of our people and by the
wanton destruction of property and
devastation of the island.
Fourth and which is of the utmost
importance — The present condi
tion of affairs in Cuba is a constant
menace to our peace, and entails upon
this Government an enormous ex
pense. With such a conflict waged
for years in an island so near us and
with which our people have such
trade and business relations — when
the lives and liberty of our citizens
are in constant danger and their
property destroyed and themselves
ruined — where our trading vessels
are liable to seizure and are seized
at our very door by warships of a
foreign nation, the expeditions of
filibustering that we are powerless to
prevent altogether, and the irritating
questions and entanglements thus
arising, all these
and others that I
need not mention,
with the result
ing strained rela
tions, are a con-
Spain's Fault That
the Maine
Was Destroyed.
stant menace to our peace and
compel us to keep on a semi-war
footing with that nation with which
we are at peace.
These elements of danger and dis
order already pointed out have been
strikingly illustrated by a tragic
event which has deeply and justly
moved the American people. I have
already transmitted to Congress the
report of the naval court of inquiry
on the destruction of the battle-ship
Maine in the harbor of Havana dur
ing the night of the 15th of Febru
ary. The destruction of that noble
vessel has filled the national heart
with inexpressible horror. Two hun
dred and fifty-eight brave sailors
and marines and two officers of our
navy, reposing in the fancied se
curity of a friendly harbor, have
been hurled to death; grief and want
brought in their homes, and sorrow
to the nation.
The Naval Court of Inquiry which, it
is needless to say, commands the un
qualified conilder.ee of the Government,
was unanimous In its conclusion that the
destruction of the Maine was caused by
an exterior explosion, that of a submarine
mine. It did not assume to place the re
sponsibility. That remains to be fixed.
In any event the destruction of
the Maine, by whatever exterior
cause, is a patent and impressive
proof of a state of things in Cuba
that is intolerable.
That condition is thus shown to be
such that the Spanish tJovernment cannot
assure safety and security to a vessel of
the American navy in the harbor of Ha
vana on a mission of peace and rightfully
there.
Further, deferring in this connection to
recent diplomatic correspondence, a dis
patch from our Minister to Spain, of the
26th ultimo, contained the statement that
the Spanish Minister for Foreign Affairs
has assured him positively that Spain
will do all that the highest honor and
justice requires in the matter of the
Maine. The reply above referred to. of
the 31st ultimo, also contained an expres
sion of the readiness of Spain to submit
to arbitration all the differences which
can arise in this matter which is sub
sequently explained by the note of the
Spanish Minister at Washington of the
10th instant, as follows:
"As to the Question of fact which
springs from the diversified views be
tween reports of the American and Span
ish boards, Spain proposes that the fact
be ascertained by an impartial investiga
tion by experts, which decision Spain ac
cepts in advance."
To this I have made no reply.
President Grant, in IS""), in discussing
the phases of the contest as it then ap
peared, and its hopeless and apparent in
definite prolongation, said: "In such event
the duty of the United States lies not
the less in the path now marked out
for her by the President.
The Daily Mail and the Dally Tele
graph admit that the message leaves
the question of immediate war undeter- !
mined, but declares the eventuality of j
war certain, "as it is impossible for \
Spain to accept the only conditions i
which will avert war."
The Berlin correspondent of the
Times, with reference to the German
Government's protestations of absolute!
neutrality, says: Scrupulous neutral- j
ity on the part of the Government does j
not, however, prevent the Hamburger
Nachrichten from comparing the
United States to an incendiary, who, j
after setting a house on fire, strives to
demonstrate his innocence by second
ing the efforts of the fire brigade.
The organ of Prince Bismarck, the
hero of German-Americans, speaks of
"a republic of evil repute which poses
as a censor of morals of a European
monarchy," and of "a State where a
brutal and hypocritical democracy has
led and where venality of officials,
fraudulent appropriation of public
money and rowdyism and lynch laws
are the order of the day."
The Indian campaigns of the United
States are described as furnishing in
stances of guilt, knavery, cruelty and
bloodshed as numerous as can be
chronicled in the conduct of the war in
I am of the opinion that other nations will
be compelled to assume the responsibility
which devolves upon them, and to seri
ously consider the only remaining meas
ures possible, mediation and intervention.
Owing. perhaps, to
the large expanse
of water separat
ing the island from
the peninsula, the
contending parties
appear to have
within themselves
no depository of
Intolerable Conditions
« Exist, Yet Spain
Pr eposes Arbitration
common confidence to suggest wisdom
when passion and excitement have their
sway, and thus assume the part of peace
maker. In this view, in the earlier days
of the contest, the good offices of the
United States as mediator wore tendered
in good faith, without any sellish purpose
in the interest of humanity and in sincere
friendship for both parties, but were at
the time declined by Spain with the
declaration, nevertheless, that at a future
time they would be indispensable. No in
timation has been received that in the
opinion of Spain that time has been
reached. And yet the strife continues
with all its dread horrors and all its in
juries to the United States and of other
nations. Each party se^ms quite capable
of working great injury and damage to
the other, as well as to all the relations
and interests dependent on the existence
of peace in the island; but they seem in
capable of reaching any adjustment and
both have thus far failed of achieving
any success whereby one hardly shall
possess and control the island to the ex
clusion of the other. Under the circum
stances the agency of others, either by
mediation or by intervention, seems to
be the only alternative which must,
sooner or later, be invoked for the ter«
mination of the strife."
In the last. annual message 01 my 1m«
mediate predecessor, during the pending
struggle, it was said:
"When the inability of Spain to deal
successfully with the insurgents has be-,
come manifest, and it is demonstrated,
that her sovereignty in Cuba is extinct
to all purposes of its rightful existence,
and when a hopeless struggle for its re*
establishment has degenerated Into tha
strife which means nothing more than
the useless sacrifice of human life anq
the utter destruction of the very subject
matter of the conflict, a situation will b«
presented in which our obligations to thq
sovereignty of Spain will be supersede^
by higher obligations which we eaij
hardly hesitate to recognize and dls«
charge."
In my annual message to Congress,
December last, speaking to this question,
I said: "The near future will demon-,
strate whether the indispensable condi
tion of a righteous peace, just alike to
the Cubans and Spain, as well as equita
ble to our interests, so intimately In
volved in the welfare of Cuba, Is likely to
be attained. If not, the exigency of fur
ther and other action by the United
States will remain to be taken. When
that time comes that action will be de
termined in th^ line of indisputable right
and duty. It will be faced without mis*
giving or hesitancy in the lisjht of th«
obligation this Oovornmt-nt owes to lt«
self, to the people who have confided to
it the protection of their interests and
honor, and to humanity.
"Sure of the right, keeping free from
all offense ourselves, actuated by up
right and patriotic considerations, moved
neither by passion nor selfishness, the
Government will continue Its watchful
care over the rights and property of
American citizens and will abate none of
Its efforts to bring about by peaceful
agencies a peace which shall be honora
ble and enduring. If it shall hereafter
appear to be a duty imposed by our obli
gations to our-
I selves, to cfvillza
i tion and to hu
] inanity ;ind to in
tervene with force,
it shall be with
out fault on our
part and only be-
Spain Is Helpless,
America
Must Now Intervene.
cause the neees
! pity for such action will ho so clear as to
command the support and approval of
i the civilized world."
The long trial has proved that th«
object for which Spain has waged th«
war cannot be attained. The fire of
insurrection may flame or may
smolder with varying seasons, but
it has not been and it is plain that
it cannot be extinguished by present
methods. The only hope of relief and
repose from a condition which can
not longer be endured is the enforced
pacification of Cuba. In the name of
humanity, in the name of civiliza
tion, in behalf of endangered Ameri
can interests which give us the right
and the duty to speak and to act, the
war in Cuba must stop.
In view of these facts and vnesa
considerations I ask the Congress to
authorize and empower the President
to take measures to secure a full ter
mination of hostilities between the
Government of Spain and the people
of Cuba, and to secure in the island
the establishment of a stable govern
ment capable of maintaining order
and observing its international obli
; gations, insuring peace and tranquil
lity and the security of its citizens
as well as our own, and to use the
military and naval forces of the
i United States as may be necessary
for these purposes.
And In the interest of humanity and to
aid in preserving the lives of the starv
' ing people of the island, I recommend
that the distribution of food and supplies
be continued and that an appropriation
I be made out of the public treasury to
| supplement the charity of our citizens.
The issue is now with Congress.
i It is a solemn responsibility. I have
exhausted every effort to relieve the
intolerable condition of affairs which
iis at our doors. Prepared to execute
every obligation imposed upon me by
; the constitution and the law I await
your action.
Yesterday and since the preparation of
i the foregoing message, official lnforma
! tlon was received by me that the latest
| decree of the Queen Regent of Spain
' directs General Blanco, in order to pre
; pare and facilitate peace, to proclaim a
, suspension of hostilities, the duration and
i details of which have not yet been com
municated to me.
This fact, with every other pertinent
consideration, will, I am sure, have your
just and careful attention in the solemn
! deliberations upon which you are about
to enter. If this measure attains a sue
; cessful result, {hen our aspirations as a
Christian, peace-loving people will bd
realized. If it fails, it will be only an
i other justification for our contemplated
action. WILLIAM McKINLEY
Executive Mansion, April 11.
Cuba, now denounced with such Phari
saical accounts of superiority.
There is every reason for believing
that neither Prince Bismarck nor any
one else of the slightest importance in
spires these tirades, but that they
should appear in a journal so widely
read as the Hamburger Nachrichten
ought to mollify the wrath of the or
gans of the German Government when
they complain of the attitude of the far
more obscure foreign prints which oc
casionally fall foul of Germany.
DELAYED BY DIVORCE LAWS.
Sonoma Couple Wed After a Wait
of Weary Months.
SANTA ROSA. April 11.— Michael Mc-
Donough, aged 70. of Cloverdale. and
Mrs. Susie Baker, aged 53, of Healdsburg,
were married In this city to-day by Jus
tice of the Peace John Brown.
A few months a"o McDonough applied
to the County Clerk for a license to wed
Mrs. Baker, but that official refused to
comply with his request on the ground
that the State laws forbid a divorced
person marrying a second time within a
year after the granting of the divorce.
When the County Clerk took this stand
Mrs. Baker anolied to the courts here to
compel that official to issue McDonough
the license, but the court denied the ap
plication and the couple had to wait the
allotted time. The year being up a few
days ago, they were married to-day.
34
MESSAGE
READ IN
CONGRESS
Senate and House Hear
the Recommendation
of the President.
People in the Galleries Remain
Silent-Republicans Applaud
the Plea for Intervention.
Democrats Groan.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The Presi
dent's message was read in the House
to-day in the pi once of a vast as
semblage and referred to the Commit
tee on Foreign Affairs without debate.
There was absolutely no demonstration
cither df nnnr *al or disapproval from
the crowded galleries throughout, and
at the conclusion of the reading there
was a sharp burst of applause from the
Republican Bide when toward the close
of the message the President said the
war In Cuba must cease. At the con
clusion of the reading about half the
Republicans applauded nr.d several
Democrats groaned. After the message
had been read a ' referred the House
transacted some District of Columbia
business.
Postmaster Oenernl Gary and Secre
tary of Agriculture Wilson were on the
floor just t.. ore the House convened.
As the hsjnds of th clock pointed to
noon the Speaker entered the House
and the hubbub ceased and the chap
lain 1111 11 % il the divln > aid In the crisis.
Immeditedly after the reading of the
Journal a contest arose between the
Committee on Foreign Relations and
the Committee on the District of
Columbia over the right of way, and
while the wrangle that followed, to the
mystification of the eager visitors in
the galleries, was slight. Major Pruden,
the President's executive clerk ap
peared In the main aisle bearing the
message.
Instantly the whispered word passed
ur<>und the densely packed galleries,
"The message," "The message." It was
like an electric shock. A hush fell on
the assemblage. The speaker arose,
and Major Pruden announced the mes-
Aa it was carried d wn the aisle
the galleries leaned over with breath
less Interest, the members settle. l in
their chairs. The seal of the envelope
v. us broken by the Speaker himself and
the message was handed to the clerk.
"The chair submits the message of
the President of the United States,"
announced the Speaker in clear, dis
tinct tones.
As the reading began the ticking of
the Clock could have been heard so in
tense was the silence. Every ear was
strained.
Maiiy members leaned over on their
ri.-sk.s with their hands to their ears
to hotter catch the momentous words
which fell from the lips of the clerk.
Th<> latter read in a loud clear voice,
but in a men tonous tone, with no at
tempt at emph is or declamation. But
the words needed no declamation
in add to their present import.
There were no demonstrations of ap
proval or disapproval until toward the
latter part of the message came the
words "this war must stop." it was
greeted with a round of applause from
alvut every quarter of the Republican
side. The galleries gave no sign. When
the rending was concluded a scattering
outburst came from th-J Republican
Kide, mingled with a few groans from
the Democratic side. Agair the gal
l-rir>s were siknt.
The Speaker in, lediately announced
the reference of the message and ac
companying papers to th- Committee
on Foreign Affairs nnd without further
action the House proceeded to the con
sideration of District of Columbia busi
ness.
Immediately the House -was In an
uproar. The spe tators flocked from
the galleries and the members retired
to the cloak rooms and the lobbies to
discuss the message. The Speaker was
obliged to rap frequently for order.
After some District of Columbia busi
ness had been transacted the contested
election case of Fairchild vs. Ward,
from the Eighteenth New York Dis
trict, was taken up. After two hours'
debate the majority report, in favor
of Ward, the sitting member, was
adopted— l3^-42.
At 4:f>s the House adjourned.
TAKES CHARGE OF THE
POWDER WORKS
Sheriff Harrison Takes Charge at
Point San Pedro in Behalf of
the Government.
PAN RAFAEL, April 11.— Sheriff
Henry Harrison received instructions
this afternoon to take charge of the
United States Smokeless Powder
Works, located at Point San Pedro
about three miles from Baa Rafael, and
t<> hold the same until the arrival bf
a United States army official. The in
structions to the Sheriff were from
General R. H. Warfleld and were ur
gent. The Sheriff was to place him-
Felf in command and not allow any of
the powder to be taken from the works.
Baltimore at Yokohama.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— Word
reached the Navy Department to-day
of the arrival f the first-class cruiser
Baltimore at Yokohama on her way to
Hongkong to join the Chinese squad
ron. The Baltimore has aboard a large
amount of ammunition and stores for
the Asiatic squadron which she trans
shipped at Honolulu.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pears' soap is
dried a whole
year. That's
why it lasts so.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— In the
Senate to-day every available seat,
both on the floor and in the galleries,
wns occupied befor Vice-President
Il"l>art's gavel railed the Senate to or
der. In the galleries people had been
waiting for hours, but the arrange
ments for handling' the crowds were so
admirable that not the slightest con
fusion existed. The attendance of Sen
ators was unusually large, and every
member of the body in the city was in
his seat. Among the visitors on the
lloirr was General Nelson A. Miles,
commander-ln-chief of the army. In
the diplomatic gallery were Sir Julian
Pauncefote, the Austrian Minister and
party; Mr. Constantin Bruun, Minister
of Denmark; Mr. Charles F. Adams,
First Secretary of the British Lega
tion, and Miss Adams; Chancellor
Boeufve, from the French Legation;
Dr. Yola, Secretary of the Legation of
Guatemala; Mr. J. B. Proda, the Swiss
Minister, and three attaches of the
Chinese Legation. Several of the gen
tlemen were accompanied by ladies.
The galleries presented a brilliant
scene. Many of the ladies were attired
in the most fetching Easter finery, and
the handsome display of gowns and
bonnets was notable, even in this city
of beautiful dressing. Scarcely had
the Senate been called to order when
Quay of Pennsylvania precipitated the
Cuban question by presenting some pe
titions and making startling comments
upon them. He took the strongest
ground for immediate and impetuous
action.
'"The people of the United States, in
my judgment," said he, "'are pretty
nearly unanimous that the time for
negotiations upon the Cuban question
is, past; the present is a case for nel
1 ther Pope, prelate nor presbytery.
• They believe that further negotiations
mean further time for the concentra-
I tion of the Spanish naval forces and
! for general Spanish preparations for
war. They know that a Spanish tor- |
pedo flotilla is en route for our shores, !
whose mission is hostile, whose only;
interest can be to destroy our vessels
aa the Maine was destroyed and slay
our sailors as the sailors of the Maine
were slain. They know that on yes- ;
j terday two Spanish war vessels sailed
; westward and will be with us in ten
: days. They believe that bloodshed will
I be averted or dii-.inished by the prompt
action of our Government, not by de
| daring war, but making war in self
defense before Spain can secure other
further navaJ or military advantage,
and, perhaps without reason, that de
lay is largely sought or urged by those
• interested in the Spanish success or by
those who would market the national I
honor and m** 1 -" merchandise of the;
blood and hones of the Maine- that in
tervention should be armed, immediate
! and impetuous; that not merely a sta- >
I ble, but a republican form of govern
men should be given the Cubans; that
! the Spaniards should get out of Cuba.
They should not stand upon the order
of their going, but go a. once. For
| these purposes they believe the army
j and navy of the United States should
j be utilized until Cuba is free and the '
i Maine is avenged. Believing that the j
President is, in his ultimate purposes, '
with the people, I have pleasure in as- i
j suring the Trades League of Philadel- '
; phia that I will comply with their re- !
! quest."
Even when Quay was speakine. Ma
jor Pruden, the legislative secretary to
: the President, entered the chamber
I bearing the long-expected message. He
was recognized — « soon as Quay had
; concluded, and when he had presented
I the message the Vice-President imme- !
i diately laid it before the Senate. In a
j stillness that was atoms', breathless
the message was read, the reading oc
cupying forty-two minutes. At the
conclusion of the reading there was a
hum of whispered conversation in the
galleries, but no demonstration.
Davis of Minnesota, chairman of the ;
Foreign Relations Committee, at once ;
j moved that it be referred to his com- '
mittee. and Stewart of Nevada, taking
, advantage of the opportunity, briefly |
addressed the Senate in favor of recog- j
nizing the independence of the Cuban
insurgents. Without further debate i
the message was referred as requested, j
Stewart said that while he did not j
' care at this time to discuss the gen- |
era] question he desired to submit some
' remarks bearing upon the message. lie
sharply criticised the position taken
by the President, saying it seemed cvi- I
dent to him (Stewart) that the pro- :
j posed intervention would precipitate •
| what would prove to be a war of con- j
quest. lie hoped there would be no !
intervention that did not recognize the
rights of the Cubans, who had been
Struggling for years for their independ
ence. He believed we ought not to go
to Cuba with an armed force unless we !
went with the Intention of recogniz- j
ing the rights and authority of the Cv- i
j ban Republic officials and of Joining
with the insurgents to assist them in I
; winning their freedom and independ- j
, ence. Stewart declared that in the i
; circumstances a war with Spain would ;
• be a war with which the European '
powers would have nothing to do The '■
Maine disaster alone was in itself an I
; act of war. and this country would be
fully justified In proceeding to extreme '
! measures on that subject. The people, I
j said Stewart, had put the crime against j
the Maine ahead, in point of considera
tion, of every other feature of the Cu
ban question, and they would heartily
approve of a war with Spain to wipe
out the stnin upon this country pro
duced by that foul Spanish plot. He
insisted that no war might, however to
be precipitated that did not include the I
Cuban insurgents as allies to our arms. !
If this country should recognize the in- !
dependence of Cuba, the people would i
applaud the action from the Atlantic j
to the Pacific, because it would mean !
the freedom of an oppressed and down
trodden people.
Butler of North Carolina, in rising
to offer a resolution, said that it was j
perfectly evident that the message Just :
read did not mean the independence of ]
Cuba for which the patriots of the is- ;
iaad had been so^ long struggling. "TheJ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
COMMUNICATION
WITH GEN. LEE
ON THE MAINE
Representation by the Consul That
Americans Were in Danger Caused
the Battle=ship to Be Doomed.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The con
| sular correspondence with regard to
| the situation in Cuba, which was trans
mitted to-day, was prepared in re
sponse to resolutions of inquiry adopted
by both the House and Senate. The
correspondence was prepared for trans
mission to Congress just before the
blowing up of the Maine, and having
been held since, now Includes com
munications up to April 1.
The correspondence in part was de
voted to the Maine disaster and some
important and interesting points are
developed. The correspondence con
sists largely of cablegrams exchanged
by Assistant Secretary of State Day
and Consul General Lee. The first of
i the telegrams is dated in Havana, Jan
uary 12 and relates to the riots which
were then occurring in the city. This
r..nd the subsequent telegrams upon the
same subject have been published
either in whole or in part.
On January 24 General Lee was no
tified by the State Department that the
Maine was to call at Havana in a day
or two and was directed to make ar
rangements for an interchange of
friendly calls between officers and au
thorities.
Under the same date General Lee ad
vised a postponement of the Maine's
visit for six or seven days so that the
excitement might abate.
Later in the same day Mr. Lee was
advised that the Maine would arrive in
Havana the next day and was asked to
co-operate with the authorities for her
friendly visit.
"Wiring next day General Lee in
f.irmed the State Department that the
Spanish authorities professed to think
the United States had an ulterior pur
pose in sending the ship.
"They say it will obstruct autonomy,
produce excitement and probably a
demonstration. They ask that it be not
done until they can get instructions
from Madrid, and say that if it is in
tended for friendly motives, as claimed,
delay is unimportant."
The telegrams from January 25 to
February 4 relate merely to the recep
tion of the Maine and the exchange of
visits between her officers and the
naval and civil authorities in Havana.
On February 4 Assistant Secretary
Day informed General Lee that the
Secretary of the Navy thought it im
prudent, for sanitary reasons, to keep
the Maine long in Havana. He asked
if some vessel had bc>n kept there all
the time ai.d requested his views.
In reply General Lee said he thought
there would be no danger to the health
CORRESPONDENCE
OF CONSULS ON THE
HORRORS IN CUBA
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The com
munications included in General Lee's
report make about 65,000 words. The
report covers the communications of
Consul-General Lee at Havana; Con
sul McGars at Cienfugas, Consul Brice
at Matanzas, Consul Hyatt at Santiago
de Cuba and Consul Barker at Sagua
la Grande. They deal largely with
i the distress and suffering which exist
in all the districts, but General Lee
; reports quite fully upon the decrees of
I the Government with regard to auto
nomy and other political phases of the
i situation.
In preparing the correspondence for
transmission to Congress considerable
portions of the important communica
tions, and especially those marked
"confidential." are omitted. The reso
lutions to which they are the response
asked only for such correspondence as it
was deemed not incompatible with the
public itnerest to make public. General
Lee's correspondence runs ov«r the pe
riod from November 17, 1595, to April,
IS9B. Much of the correspondence is of
a confidential nature, and of some of the
important communications excerpts only
are given.
A dispatch from General Lee contains
General Blanco's order, under date <>f
November 13. repealing or rather modify
ing General "Weyler's order of concentra
tion, which has heretofore been published
by the press. This order was made short
ly after General Lee returned to Havana
from the United States last fall. General
Lee in this communication also enclosed
the proclamation of J. M. Rodriguez,
Major-General in charge of the western
department of the Cuban military oper-
-itloiiK, addressed to the Cuban people and
informing them of the "firm resolution"
of the insurgent army to continue fight
ing until the attainment of absolute in
dependence. It was on November 23 that
Consul-General Lee made his first report
to the Department of State on the condi
tion of affairs in Cuba. It is as follows:
Vnited State's Consulate General, Havana,
Nov. 23 --Sir: I have the honor to briefly sub
mit a statement of what appears to be the
present condition of affairs in this Island.
First— The Insurgents will not accept au
tonomy.
Second— A large majority of the Spanish sub
jects, who have commercial and business In
terests and own property here, will not ac
cept autonomy, prefer annexation to the
United States rather than an Independent re
public or genuine autonomy and the Spanish
flap.
Third — The Spnnlsh authorities are sincere in
doing all In their iwwer to encourage, pro
tect and promote the grinding of Mit,-ar. The
grinding season commences in December.
Fourth— The Insurgent leaders have given In
structions to prevent grinding wherever it can
be done, because by diminishing the export of
sugar the Spanish revenues are decreased. I(
will be very difficult for the Spanish authori
ties to prevent cane burning. DCCfcUM one man
at night can start a fire which will burn hun
dreds of acres, Just as a single Individual
could light a prairie by throwing a match
Into the dry grass.
Fifth— l am confident that General Blanco
and General Tando. his chief of staff, ac well
as Dr. Congosto, Secretary General, with all
of whom I have had conversations, are per
President." said he, "merely asks us
to authorize him to stop the war in
Cuba. That could not be done until
the Spanish flag was hauled down from
the island forever." Butler then pre
sented his resolution which follows:
Whereas, The destruction of the United
States battleship Maine and the mur
dering of 366 of our sailors in Havana
harbor by the Spanish Government is an
act of war on the part of Spain against
the United States; therefore be It re
solved.
First— That to avenge this most foul
and unparalleled crime, which our na
tional b.qi\or demands, and to nut a stoa
of the vessel's crew before May. Lee
further said:
We should not relinquish position of
peaceful control of the situation or the
conditions will be worse than if the ves
sel had never been sent. Americans are
departing with their families in haste
on account of the distrust of the
preservation of order by authorities. If
another riot occurs it will be against
the Governor-General and autonomy,
but it might include an anti-American
demonstration also. A first-class bat
tleship should replace the present one
to serve as an object lesson and to
counteract the Spanish opinion of our
navy, and it should have a torpedo
boat with it to preserve communication
with the admiral.
The next telegram of importance was
sent by General Lee early on the morn
ing of February 16, announcing to the
State Department the destruction of
the Maine. That telegram has been
published. During the forty-eight hours
that followed General Lee kept the de
partment informed of the occurrences
in chronological order. In a dispatch of
February 28 he said after the divers
under Captain Sigsbee had made a
cursory examination of the wreck:
"The Spanish Government would like
to unite with ours in having the bottom
of the ship and harbor in the vicinity
jointly examined."
The next day Day Informed Lee that
his Government had already consti
tuted an investigation of the disaster,
■which would be conducted indepen
dently. He added, however: "This
Government will afford every facility
it can to the Spanish authorities in
whatever investigation they may see
fit to make on their part."
The first intimation of the cause of
the explosion was Riven by General Lee
on February 22, when he telegraphed:
"Copper cylinders of ammunition found
intact in 10-inch forward magazine
starboard side this morning. Seems to
show that magazine has not exploded.
Evidence is beginning to prove an ex
plosion on the port side by a torpedo."
General Lee informed the department
on February 28 that arrangement
had been conducted for both Govern
ments to conduct independent investi
gations of the disaster. His corre
spondence with General Blanco is
transmitted in full. In concluding hia
letter to Blanco General Lee said: "I
am quite sure that neither Government
has any other object except to ascer
tain all the fa.cts connected with the
explosion of the Maine and that the
groat desire of both Governments is to
proceed harmoniously with the work."
At this point correspondence between
General Lee and th" ritate Department
concerning the Maine disaster abruptly
terminates so far as the report sub
mitted to Congress is concerned.
fertly conscientious in their desire to relieve
the distress of those suffering from the effects
of Weyler's reconcentration order, but. unfor
tunately, they have not the means to carry
out such benevolent purposes. • • •
In this city matters are assuming better
shape under charitable commissions, etc.: large
numbers are now cared for and fed by private
subscription. • • •
I witnessed many terrible scenes and saw
some die while I was present. I am told Gen
eral Blanco will give $100,000 to the relief
fund.
November 27 General Lee sent to the
department the communications of two
gentlemen, whose names he says are
suppressed for obvious reasons, but
whom he knows personally, as standing
high in the community, concerning the
conditions in Los Fosos (the ditches), in
Havana. The communication says,
among other things: "Four hundred and
sixty women and children, thrown on the
ground, heaped pell-mell as animals,
some in a dying' condition, others sick,
others dead, without the' slightest clean
liness or the least help, not able to give
water to the thirsty, without religious or
social help, all dying wherever chance
laid them."
The communication -goes on to state
that the deaths among these reconcen
trados averaged forty or fifty dally,
and that on an average there were but
ten days of life for each person. It says
that these unhappy- creatures received
food only after having been eight days
in the ditches, during which time they
were obliged to subsist upon the bad
food which the dying had refused. Some
horrible instances of distress witnessed
are given.
January 8, General Lee makes the fol
lowing report:
■
r, I Ki 1 i iaV c . the . honor to state, as a matter of
public Interest, that the reconcentrados act of
,;7"T i v.'u .'' >' ler . formerly Governor General of
tins island, transformed about 400.000 self-sup
£.'! n ? ,'"■'' ■'''"■• principally women and chil
dren, into a multitude to be sustained by the
contributions by others or to die of starvation
or of fever, resulting from a low physical con
dition an.l being massed In large bodies, with
out change of clothing and without food. Their
homes were burned, their fields and plantations
destroyed and their livestock driven away or
destroyed. I estimate that probably 200.000.>f the
rural population in the province of Pinar del
Kio. Havana, Matanzas and Santa Clara have
died of starvation from resultant causes and
the deaths of whole families . almost simulta
neously, or within a few days of each other,
and of mothers praying for their children to be
relieved of their horrible sufferings by death
are not the least of the many pitiable scenes
which were ever present. In the provinces of
Puerto Principe and Santiago de Cuba, where
the "reconcentrado order" could not be en
forced the great mass of : the people are self
supporting, a daily average of 10 cents 1 worth
of food to 20,000 would be an expenditure of
5-000 per day, and. of course the most humane
efforts upon the part of _ our citizens cannot
hope to accomplish such a gigantic relief, and
a great portion of these people will have to be
abandoned to their fate. '
Under date of December 18, General
Lee sent a communication to the depart
ment recommending measures for relief
of the reconcentrados. :In the portion
given out General Lee says:
I see no effect of the governmental distribu
tion to the reconcentrados.' I am Informed
that only $12,500 in Spanish silver has been
dedicated to the Havana Province out of the
Jl oo,ooo said to have been set aside for the
purpose of relieving them on the Island, and
that reports from all parts of the province show
to Spaln"s most cruel, barbarous and In
human warfare now being waged against
Cuba, which is demanded in the interest
or liberty and humanity; that the Gov
ernment of the United States hereby rec
ognizes the Cuban Republic as a separate
and independent nation.
Second— That the Government of the
United States hereby demands that Spain
at once withdraw her land and naval
forces from Cuba
Third-That the President of tHe United
States be and he is hereby authorised,
empowered and directed to use, if neoes
sary. the entire land and naval forces of
the United States to carry these resolu
tions into effect.
General Lee Inclosed in this commu
nication an editorial from the Diario
de la Marina, which vigorously de
nounced the "seditious tumult" of the
day before as a victory for Gomez and
the enemies of Spain. On the same
day he also sent to the department
some statistics about the mortality in
Santa Clara, showing that while there
were 5459 deaths In that town in the
seven years previous to 1897, which in
cluded 1487 in one year from an epi
demic of yellow fever, there were in
1897, owing to the concentration order,
6910 deaths out of a total population of
14,000. The death rate increased
monthly from 78 in January, the month
before the concentration order went
into effect, until December, when there
were 14.000 deaths.
On January 12, 13, 14 and 15 General
Lee sent brief cablegrams to the de
partment with regard to the rioting
and the demonstrations against auton
omy and Blanco and the four news
paper offices. January 14 he said some
of the rioters "threatened to go to the
United States Consulate."
"Ships," he said, "are not needed,
but may be later. If Americans are in
danger ships should move promptly for
Havana. Uncertainty and excitement
widespread."
The rioting ceased the next day and
General Lee reported all quiet.
On the ISth General Lee sent a dis
patch marked confidential regarding
the rioting. It was:
Sir— The recent disorders in this city
are primarily attributed to a group of
Spanish officers who were Incensed at
articles appearing' in three of the news
papers of Havana, El Reconcentrado,
La Discusion and El Diario de la Ma
rina. The first was very pronounced
a-gainst General Weyler and his meth
ods; La Discusion had boon suppressed
by Weyler, but publication was per
mitted to be resumed by Blanco, and
the last had been an anti-Spanish or
gan, but had been converted by the
present authorities to autonomy. It is
probable that the Spanish officers were
as provoked by the denunciation of
Weyler in the columns of one of these
papers and determined to stop it, and
afterward being supported by them,
turned the demonstration into an anti
autonomistic affair. » * ♦
I send to-day an analysis of the au
tonomistle plan. The intense opposition
to it on the part of the Spaniards arises
from the fact that the first appoint
ments of officers to put into effect its
provisions was made generally outside
of their party in order to show the
Cubans In arms that autonomy was
absolutely for their benefit and protec
tion. • • •
The intelligent Spaniards see no pros
perity in the future, but rather otherwise
and more confusion, in the same old at
tempts to make the waters of commerce
flow In unnatural channels. The lower
Spanish classes have nothing 1 in mind
when autonomy is mentioned except
Cuban local rule, hence their opposition.
• • • FITZHUGH LEE.
that 50 per cent have already died and that
many of those left will die, and most of these
are women and children. • • • I am in
formed an order has been issued In some parts
of the Islands suspending the disposition to
reconcpntrndos. The condition of those peo
ple is simply terrible. I hear of much suffering
in the Spanish hospitals for want of food. I
hear also that the Spanish merchants In some
parts of the Islands ara placing their establish
ments in the name of foreigners to avoid hav
ing their provlsloils purchased on credit by the
military administration, in some parts of the
island, I am told, there is scarcely any food
for soldiers and citizens, and that even cats are
used for food purposps, selling for 30 cents
apiecfi. It is a fair Inference to draw from
existing conditions that it is not possible for
the Governor-General to relieve the present
situation with the means at his disposal. • • •
December 14 General Lee sent another
communication that the total number of
reconcentradoß in Havana Province will
reach 150,000 and that the death rate from
starvation alone will be over 50 per cent.
For the relief of these people, he says,
$12,500 in silver had been sot aside, "so
that if every dollar appropriated reached
them, the distribution will amount to
about 17 cents to a person, which, of
course, would be rapidly exhausted, and
as I can hear of no further succor be
ing afforded, it is easy to perceive wha'
little practical relief has taken place in
the condition of these poor people."
December 29 Lee makes the first com
munication about the new scheme of au
tonomy. He says that he has been in
formed that the authorities are engaged
in forming an autonomistic Cabinet, ar
ranging for the members to take the re
quired oath on January l, and "also for
an election thirty days thereafter."
General Lee acknowledges the receipt
of President MeKinley's proclamation,
calling upon the people of the United
States to make charitable contributions
for the relief of the distress in Cuba,
Other telegrams follow during the next
few days as to the class of contribution,
with a view of relieving the suffering.
Conditions existing in the various prov
inces are covered liy the reports of con
suls. Here is a specimen of all of them.
From the province of Santa Clara Consul
Barker writes on March 24:
When Spain will admit defeat, no mortal, in
my humble Judgment, dare predict. That her
plan of settlement, autonomy, is a failure is not
to be questioned. Pending this admission on
her part, thousands of human beings, guilt
less of crime or having any part in the insur
rection, are dying for want of sustenance. This
condition must continue to increase. The
United States, in taking action relative to Cuba
— which seems inevitable — desires to avoid a
clash with Spain. Then let Congress alter our
citizenship laws by amending the statute rela
tive to the declaration required of persons be
coming citizens by naturalization, . so that the
subjects or citizens of any Government at pres
ent residing in Cuba may go before any United
States Consul on the island and make declara
tion of intention of becoming a citizen of the
United States,, which shall entitle them to
recognition as citizens until the expiration of
two years, when they may be required to re
side In the United States until five years shall
have elapsed before being granted naturaliza
tion papers. With such a privilege. I am con
fident that the per cent of resident Spaniards,
the hitherto dominant party and taxpayers, will
avail themselves of this opportunity for re
buking the mother country for attempting to
foist upon them changes In the existing laws
of the island. Such a step would r cause the
subjects as well as ■ the Government to ac
quiesce without disturbance and without the
loss of the Island.
The resolution went over under the
rules.
Another message from the President
transmitting the Cuban consular re
ports was laid before the Senate, and,
after being read, was referred with ac
companying papers to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The Senate then, at 1.15 p. m., on
motion of Allison, adjourned.
Honesty and truth are good and ad
mirable qualities, as sympathy and
love are endearain§ traits.
ARMISTICE
PLAN NOW
PROCEEDS
It Remains to Be Seen if
the Insurgents Will
Accept.
One Havana Newspaper Admits
That Many Think That Pres
ident McKinley Has Won
a Victory.
Copyrighted, ISOS. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 11.— La Lucha, with
regard to the edict of suspending hos
tilities, says: Diplomacy has absolute
! ly triumphed, though it is impossible
j to appreciate up to now which side is
i victor. Many Americans and Spaniards
! think that victory has been won by
j McKinley. In Madrid the triumph is
given to Spain, because she yields, not
to the demands of McKinley, but to the
demands of the great powers and the
Pope. If the rebels do not accept the
armistice and regard it as an imposi
tion from the Americans McKinley will
be the defeated one, since he arrogated
to himself the role of protector, but he
has been shown in his true light as a
master of selfish motives. It is un
known whether the rebels will accept
the armistice. It is evident that Spain
for her part has fulfilled all that has
been sought by the United States.
Under the circumstances it will be an
immense advantage if the rebels refuse
I an armistice, for the McKinley Govern
i ment will be defeated because it desired
' peace and no war.
Lieutenant Lucian Prleto of the
Granada battalion has left Arroyo
I Blanco. Sancti Spiritus, and has joined
i the rebels. He uad charge of furuish
; ing goods to the hospital and barracks
of Arroyo Blanco.
Virgillo Liovez, under secretary of the
general government, returned yester
day to Manzanillo. He Is accom
panied by Ramirez, and made proposals
! for the surrender of Parditas in the
! east. They will go back to repeat their
i proposals. _
Generals Pando, Jimlnez, Castellano
and Fuentes arrived to-day from Pu
erto Principe. As soon as Lieutenant
! General Pando landed I asked him
| about the armistice. He replied: I
! know nothing." He also declined to
! talk about his campaign.
A petard was exploded at the bulld
! ing of the Civil Governor of Matanzas
i last night, and later another explosion
occurred in the Plaza de Annas. Some
persons have been arrested. Nobody
was injured.
Juan Ramirez, a colonel In the last
war visited General Pando. The lat
ter showed him two letters, one signed
by Masso and the other by Mendez
Capote. The writers stated that they
were absolutely sure the American
Government would recognize Cuban in-
dependence.
Lealtad battalion attacked 200 Insur
gents who were entrenched behind the
San Rafael hills, near Tapaste. The
fire lasted two hours, after which the
rebels withdrew, 1 aving their wounded
and dead. Two Spanish soldiers were
wounded. Between Ranchuelo and
San Jose de las Lajas, a small rebel
band was surprised. The Spanish troops
killed three rebels, two of whom were
Brigadier Antonio Nunez and MaximU
liano of Castaguto. Important docu
ments were taken.
Two hundred American citizens called
at the British Consul-General's office
to-day, asking for protection. Consul-
General Gollan, Vice-Consul Jerome
and Pro-Consul Arostegui calmed the
Al \VASHINGTON. Apr'l 11.— The State
Department to-day received General
Blanco's proclamation ordering a ces
sation of hostilities in Cuba, It was
cabled to the Spanish Minister here
and by him delivered to the depart
ment. The proclamation is as follows:
"His Majesty's Government, in yield
in" to the reiterated wish expressed by
His Holiness, the Pope, has been
pleased to decree a suspension of hos
tilities with the object of preparing
and facilitating the restoration of peace
on this island, in virtue whe-eof I be
lieve it convenient to order: Article I.
• • • From the day following the re
ceipt In each locality of the present
proclamation, hostilities are ordered to
be suspended In all territory of the
island of Cuba, The details for the ex
ecution of the above decree will be the
object of special instruction that will be
communicated to the several command
ers-in-chief of the army corps for the
easy and prompt execution according
to the situation and circumstances of
the case. BLANCO."
SAN FRANCISCO AND
NEW ORLEANS ARRIVE.
After a Rough Voyage the New
Cruiser and Escort Reach the
Harbor of Halifax.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 11.— The Amer
ican men-of-war San Francisco and
! New Orleans (formerly the Brazilian
ship Amazonas) arrived here this morn
ing at 11 o'clock, short of coal. Both
j vessels left London on the 27th ult. and
had a stormy passage during the last
eight days. On Monday, the 4th, heavy
winds and rain were met with. The
ships were together up to that date,
but on Tuesday became separated and
; did not come together until twenty
four hours had elapsed. The San
Francisco came through all right, but
: the New Orleans experienced great dif
ficulty, one of her starboard boats be
ing smashed in and the steering gear
i was for a time deranged. As she came
up'this morning evidences of her rough
: passage was easily discernible. Prep
arations were quickly made to load coal
and the ships will be ready to sail by
' to-monfow. Great excitement prevailed
1 in the city when the signal station an
nounced the approach of the ships. The
San Francisco exchanged salutes with
the forts here and the officers reported
to the authorities shortly after enter
ing port. All hands on both ships are
in good health.
As to General Schofleld.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— It was
stated to-day that there is no founda
tion for the report that Secretary Alger
would ask the President to designate
Lieutenant-General Schofielc retired,
as a military adviser to the President
and Secretary of War in case of hos
tilities. General Schofield's recent
visits to the President and the Secre
i.tary, he said, were simply for the pur
pose of consulting with him regardint
the volunteer reserve movement.
FEARS THh ATTITUDE
OF HER OWN ARMY,
Military Element of Spain Strongly
Opposes the Armistice and
Threatens Demonstrations.
LONDON, April 12.— A dispatch to
the Daily Mail from Biarritz, dated
Monday, says: The Spanish Govern
ment has stopped thousands of tele
grams reporting that the resolution to
grant an armistice was imposed by tha
European powers and further negotia
tions with Washington are taking
place. The news caused very deep im
pressions all over Spain, especially in
military circles. The military element
strongly opposes the armistice. The
Government has tr'.en extraordinary
precautions in Madrid and the pro*
vinces, fearing rioting and demonstra
tions and chiefly fearing the attitude
of the army.
RUSSIA IS NOW
AFTER KINCHOW.
Contends That Disturbances Make It
Necessary to Extend the Area
of the Leased Land.
LONDON, April 12.— The Peking cor
respondent of the Times says: The Rus
sians contend that the disturbances be
tween Russians and Chinese at Klnchow
necessitate the immediate inclusion of
Kinchow within the area leased by China
to Russia.
The Empress dowager has signified her
intention to give an audience to Prince
Henry of Prussia.
EXISTENCE OF A
VAST CONSPIRACY.
Plotters at Shanghai at Work and
Lives of Some of the Most Noted
People in Danger.
LONDON, April 11.— A dispatch to the
Daily News from Shanghai says: The
existence of a formidable conspiracy in
the imperial palace has been discovered
and the lives of some of the highest peo
ple in the empire are in danger. Progres
sive Manchus are indignant at the vir
tual sale of China to Russia by the Em
peror's Chinese advisers.
INTENDS TO GRANT
COMPLETE AUTONOMY.
LONDON, April 12.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Standard says: The
impression prevails that the Queen
Regent intends to grant complete au
tonomy In Cuba, that is, to establish a
relation similar to that existing be
tween Austria and Hungary, the main
bond between the island and the moth
er country being allegiance to the same
sovereign.
BIG
Men often do wrong. HI
effects follow, and they often feel
like giving up In despair. That
is foolish. Weak back and pains
in the loins only show that you
need an invigorator. "Hudyan"
is the thing that you need. It is
powerful enough to cure you no
matter how nervous you are* Let
your life drain away for a few
more years and you will be in-
curable. But to-day "Hudyan"
will save you and restore to you
your manhood.
BIG
Manhood is what
you want. It is to be had no
matter how much you may have
abused it. No power on earth
is so sweet as the feeling that
you are a full man. Why not
get that feeling back? A mo-
ment's time spent in writing for
circulars and testimonials may
save you years of suffering.
Write to-day! If you have blood
taint ask for "30-day blood cure"
circulars. They are free, too.
Thin eyebrows, ulcers in the
mouth, the falling out of hair, all
show blood taint Think of this,
, MEN
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Stockton, Market mi Ellis Street],
SAN FRANCISCO.MARTIN TO
BE MAYOR
OF SAN JOSE
Victory Rests With
the People's Munic
ipal Ticket.
Rea's Forces Win by
Organized Work, at
the Polls.
Despite the Deep Interest, the
Election Passes Off
Quietly.
MAJORITIES ARE SMALL.
Charter Club Gets a Councilman and
Sovar*l Members of the Ap
pointing Board.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, April 11.— The day was
warmest of the year, the thermom
eter climbing up to 85. Business was
practically suspended, as all interest
was centered on the battle at the bal
lot boxes. The polls were opened on
time all over the city, and at each
voting place crowds of workers were
present. It was noticed that the "gang"
forces were everywhere in evidence in
- ■ numbers. At some precincts as
y as twenty and twenty-five
j" workers were present, where
only one or two men were doing work
the Charter Club.
While there was much Interest in the
main, the election was a quiet one. A
r.urnber of challenges were made at !
various polling places and these near
ly always caused some delay and led;
■ In the First Ward
W. T Nolting, a "gang" member of the \
11, made himself conspicuous by
illdozing tactics and came near
g a serious drubbing for Inter
fering with the wrong man. At the ;
Third ] _ ■ J. M. Stevens was ar
al voting. It is claimed!
that he voted In one precinct while liv
ing in another:
"Jim" Kea was on the street beg
ging and threatening for votes. His j
henchmen, John and Andrew MacKen
zie, were also begging votes, showing
how serious they considered the fight
-t the corrupt rule.
Undoubtedly the best ore-anlzed work
d >ue during the day at the polls was
by the "Gang" forces. In this
had much th«- Letter of the Char
ter Club people.
Complete returns from thirteen pre
cincts, and incomplete returns from j
the remaining seven precincts, lndi- j
ial that the entire People's municipal i
. . except Councilman in the
Fourth and two or three members of :
Lppointing Hoard, is elected by I
majorities ranging from 200 to 400.
The ticket elected is as follows: May- t
or, <' J. .Martin; Clerk, J. W. Cook;
Treasurer, J. N. Ewing; Councilman
ct-lar^e, J. D. Miner; Councilmen:
First Ward, J. W. McAuley; Second
Ward. H. Ward Wright; Third Ward,
M. N*. Spring.
On the Appointing Board those back
Of the People's ticket Mill elect, prob
ably, Paul P. Austin, Henry Booksin
Fr., Milton Campbell, E. K. Chase, H.
J. Fikes, F. D. Hatman, Rush McCo-
James K. Secord, Francis E.
Spencer, Frank Stock, C. D. Wright
The Charter Club will elect Edmond
Coopers for th»> Council in the Fourth
V.'ard. and probably Lawrence Archer,
T. Bllard Beans and J. E. Auzerais on
the Appointing' Board.
The total vote polled in the entire
city aggregated 4091, and was the
largest ever polled in a city election in
San Jose.
NOT VICTIMS OF
THE AVALANCHE
Four Names Stricken From the
List of the Dead in Dyea
Canyon.
Relatives Receive Letters Written Be
yond the Scene of the Recent
Disaster.
Bp*ri»l Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 11.— The latest Infor
mation received here indicates that four
nanvs are to bo stricken from the pub
lished list of suppose-d victims of the re
cent <li.sa.ster on the Dyea trail. They are
<'ronrj;o Overton and Edward Cook of
S--att!>» and Matt Schomo and George J.
MiVon of St. Paul. There Is a strong
probability that Con. Gepfert of Seattle
0 ;imong the living 1 . A letter re
frain him reAdfl as though it had
een written some distance beyond the
>f the catastrophe.
A lettpr received from Overton by his
1 'lat.-.I "Sheop Camp, April 3, at
• p. m." It states that all members of
irty were well and would push on
nto the interior as soon as th« trail be
able a#ain. The party referred
• la stated in the letter. Included
look, Milton and Scliomo.
DEATHS AT SANTA CRUZ.
NTA CRUZ, April 11. -Dr. Samuel A.
Sargent, ■ retired capitalist of this city,
died this morning. He was a native of
Ohio, and 61 y«-ars of age. His funeral
will take place to-morrow afternoon at 2
°' c <!?? k J rom Calv ary Episcopal Church
Alfred c. Anderson, an old soldier who
■■rvlce during the civil war,
ai«o this morning at the Eastern Hotel
ilo was a native of Ohio and 59 years old".
Death at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE. April IL-Michael Div
ver, for thirty years head engineer of the
M.-._r,. -::;.. Woolen Mills, died suddenly
at 7 o clock this ,,,n.ln from a stroke of
apop «xy. He was a native of Ireland
and m years old. ° ot lrela "d
Dies of Heart Failure
WOODLAND, April 11.-Samuel Kirk
bam, a pioneer, ai..l a native of Ohio died
suddenly of heai failure last night He
Contra Costa Pioneer Gone.
MAKTIXEZ. April 11.-Thomas Z Wit
ten, a pioneer of Contra Costa, dind to
d:iy. aged S4. lie came to California in
Will Set Grade Stakes.
i to set the grade stakes for the pro
■ mrnt above Elkhorn to-mor
row. This work is to be completed within
l«n days u.fter tlic contracts are let.
C. J. MARTIN, MAYOR-ELECT OF SAN JOSE.
GASOLINE-STOVE
EXPLOSION CAUSES
A WOMAN'S DEATH
Neighbors Attracted by the Cries of Mrs. R. A.
Long of Hanford Find Her Enveloped
by Flames.
FRESNO, April 11. — Mrs. R. A. Long, sister-in-law of Coroner Long
of this city, was burned to death at her home in Hanford this after
noon. She was in the kitchen Ironing, when a gasoline stove explod
ed. The oil covered her clothes and set the house on fire Instantly.
Flames enveloped the unfortunate woman from head to foot. She was
alone and ran from the house screaming for help.
Neighbors heard her cries and ran to her assistance. Flames en
veloped Mrs. Long, and she was running about in a frantic manner
and screaming with pain. The clothing burned fiercely about her
head and body, scorching the flesh horribly. The neighbors procured
blankets and tried to extinguish the flames, but their efforts were made
too late. When the fire was finally extinguished she was carried to
the house of a neighbor, where she received every attention. She sur
vived the frightful accident only an hour, however, dying at 5:30
o'clock.
Dr. Long of this city left immediately for Hanford upon receipt of
the shocking news. The woman's husband is R. A. Long, and he
conducts a transfer business in Hanford. Mrs. Long was 30 years of
age and had three children.
ELECTIONS IN
MANY TOWNS
Local Issues Decided by
the Ballots of Cali
fornians.
Result in Sausalito Probably
Means a Return of
Poolrooms.
Bond Propositions Made the Issue at
Several Points — Party Lines
Not Drawn,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, April 11.— The largest
vote ever cast at a town election was
polled to-day. The following were the
successful candidates: Adolph Sylva
and Jacques Thomas, Trustees for long
term; Dr. H. J. Crumpton, Trustee for
short term; John A. Hannon, Marshal;
F. D. Linsley, Treasurer, and Joseph 11.
Pry° r . Clerk.
This result -undoubtedly means the
licensing of poolrooms in Sausalito this
year. The fight was made on this is
sue, and the Trustees elected were
known to favor the proposition. Each
received overwhelming majorities. The
following is the vote in full, 251 ballots
cast:
Trustees— A. Sylva, 275; Jacques Thom
as. 295; H. J. Crumpton, 312; J. T. Harmes,
61- O C. Miller, 44; W. C. Morrow. 26.
Clerk— Joseph H. Pryor, 182; William
Milton. 97; William llarrold, 59.
Treasurer— F. D. Linsley, 144; Antone
Lawrence, 117; John Silver, SI.
Marshal— John A. Hannon, 207; John E.
Creed, 94: Paul Trouette, 43.
ST. HELENA, April 11.— An exciting
municipal election was held here to-day.
The principal contests were for Marshal
and Treasurer. For Marshal, J. G. John- ■
son, who has held the office for the past
eight years, polled 223 votes to J. P.
Chord's 121. For Treasurer, W. A. Elgin,
the incumbent, received 188 and G. H.
Schmidt 145. For Clerk, Otto liehrns was
re-elected with a vote of IGS to 129 for J. :
C. Mixon, and 43 for W. L. Phillips, For;
Town Trustee, G. C. Fountain, a promi
nent vineyardist, P. S. Grant and E. G.
Srhuneman were elected. Dr. Dawson,
Roy. Jamcfl Mitchell and Dr. Samuel Mc-
Curdy were chosen without opposition for
library trustees.
PACIFIC GROVE, April 11.— Much feel
ing was occasioned by the result of to
day's election, and there is every prob
ability of at least one contest. Hart, for :
Trustee, winning by one vote. Those ;
elected are: Trustees, C. E. Hart, C. \ \ .
Cole; Clerk, E. B. Lewis; Treasurer, T. A. !
Work; Marshal, E. 15. Rich.
MONTEREY. April 11.-The municipal
election here to-day resulted in the choice
of R. F. Johnson, J. D. Kennedy and J. B.
Snivelv. Trustees; W. E. Pariter. Clerk;
J A Wolter, Marshal, A. Gunzendorfer,
Treasurer An unusual number of can
didates were in the field and the contests
were very close in all cases.
HAYWARDS, April 11.— The election for
town officers to-day passed off quietly,
with the following result: Town Trus
tees, J. Haar 152, T. S. Leo 77, A. J.
Pow 'll 209 F. J. Russell 68, Charles Van
Juke 20; Marshal. W. J. Ramage 104, F.
j'Sliva 42; Treasurer, A. E. Fischer 110,
no opposition; Clerk, J. A. Cpllins 200,
M B Templeton 88; Library Trustee,
short term, E. O. Bennett 152. no opposi
tion- Library Trustee, long term. R. Reid
221, J. J. McDonnell 169, Charles Allen 175,
G. Toyne 147. „
BOXOMA, April 11.— One of the most ex
citing municipal elections ever known in
Sonoma was held to-day. Two opposing
tickets for Trustees were in the field.
The contest hinged on the question of
bonding the town for municipal water
works, a question which has agitated the
people of Sonoma for the past eighteen
months. During the countine of the |
THE SAJsT FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
votes great excitement prevailed, and
cheer after cheer went up when It was
learned that the water ticket for Trus
tees, consisting of Dr. 11. H. Davis, Fred
erick T. Duhring and Q. S. Harris, was
■;. The successful candidates for
the other offices, which did not hinge on
the water question, were* Robert A.
Poppe, City Clerk; J. E. Robin, Marshal;
G. H. Cornelius, Treasurer. There was a
demonstration to-night over the victory
of the water advocates, with firing of
guns and tooting of horns.
CLOVERALE, April 11.— At the bien
nial city election to-day the following
W( re elected: Trustees, W. J. Flinn,
Waiter P. Ink and August C. Koester;
Marshal, William J. Orr (incumbent);
City Cl. rk, Thomas B. Wilson; Treas
urer, William T. Brush. There was a
stubborn fight for Marshal. The election
of the Trustees here named insures a
bonding proposition to be presented to the
people of Cloverdale within a year for
water, electric lights and sewerage sys-
YACAVILLE, April 11.— The town elec
tion to-day resulted in the choice of
Frank H. Buck, D. K. Corn and Banks
Crosthwaite as Trustees, the latter lead-
Ing his opponent by ofte vote. Ed Fisher
was elected Treasurer, A. M. Stevens
Clerk and John Young Marshal. Polit
ical lines were not drawn, all of the can
didates being independent nominees
ALBURN, April 11.— At the city elec
tion to-day 400 votes were polled, 'it was
strictly non-partisan. J. W. Morgan was
re-elected Mayor and W. A. Freeman and
W. F. Wildman Trustees. Lee *E. Wal
lace was elected Clerk, A. S. Waldo Mar
shal and A. L. Smith Treasurer. The lat
ter had no opposition.
MODESTO, April 11.— In the city elec
tion to-day tne low-water-rate candidates
for Trustees— lra Harris, M. I. Sorensen
and W. S. Mann— were elected by large
majorities. W. A. Harter, Clerk, and
James Johnson, Treasurer, were re-elect
ed without opposition. R. D. Young was
re-elected Marshal by 66 majority.
REDWOOD CITY, April 11.— At the mu
nicipal election here to-day the following
were elected: Trustees— George H. Rice
Geveret Plump, George Winter, James V*
Swift and Daniel Mullen; City Clerk, Da
niel R. Stafford; Marshal, John Christ:
Treasurer, L. P. Behrens.
LAKEPORT, April 11.— The biennial
election to-day caused great excitement.
Joseph Levy and N. O. Smith were elect
ed Trustees, N. B. Keeling Clerk, Frank
Howe Treasurer and R. E. Barry Mar-
BAK MATEO, April 11.-The following
officers were elected to-day: Trustees
George A. Kertell and C. M. Morse; City
Clerk and Assessor, R. H. Jury; Treas
urer, J. H. Doane; Marshal, J. P. Cum-
MARTINEZ, April 11.— The town elec
tion to-day resulted as follows: M. H.
Hurley, Clerk; G. Woolbert, Marshal; W
J. Douglas. Treasurer; R. H. Latimer and
E. E. Webster, Trustees.
PASO ROBLES, April 11.— The city elec
tion passed off very quietly. The follow
ing were elected: Trustees— A. Brendlin,
W. O. Dresser; Marshal, J. Kelshaw;
Clerk, T. W. Henry; Treasurer, C. Beide-
BELVEDERE, April 11.— At the munic
ipal election to-day only 21 votes were
cast. There was no opposition and the
following were elected: Trustees— V. S.
A. Rey; L. L. Dunbar; A. S. Spence;
Clerk, H. F. Buhnneiater; Treasurer, c.
A. Perry; Marshal, M. A. McLane.
KIVEKSIDE, April 11.— The city elec
tion to-day resulted in the choice of two
Republican Trustees and one Democrat.
The campaign was the warmest waged
here for some years, and 1100 out of 1400
registered votes were cast. The vote on
Trustees was as follows: Republicans
Simms. 650; Brown, 6til, Peters, 6<54; Demo
crats, Morse, C 94; Thomas, C2G; Sherman
.;;>: City Marshal. F. 11.I 1 . Wilson ( K. i ; City
Clerk, Charles Stebbins (R.); Treasurer
G. F. Ward (R.). 713; W. B. Russell (D.)
400. The big light was over the liquor
question, and the prohibitionists won by
386 majority.
HANFORD. April 11.— In the city elec
tion to-day fifty-five votes were cast.
Those elected are: Marshal, Howard Me-
GinniF; City Clerk, Frank Pryor (re
elected); Trustees, a E. Biddle, J. G
Burgess, J. H. Farley.
SANTA CRUZ, April 11.— Santa Cruz
had a lively election to-day. All the old
officers were re-elected except the Mayor
W. H. Lamb being elected to that posi
tion by a plurality of five. The vote was
as follows: Mayor, W. 11. Lamb, 492; W
H. Clark, 487; City Clerk, J. L. Wright'
531; Oscar L. Tuttle. 447; City Treasurer*
Charles E. Williams. 844; Councilman
First Ward, William V. Pringl*. 138; Will
iam Ely, 112: Robert Hamilton, 11; Coun
cilman, Second Ward, Horace I^andall
110; George Root, 109; Councilman, Third
Ward. Jacob Liebbrant, 201; Robert Car
diff, 152; Councilman, Fourth Ward, John
Malier, 102; five library trustees were re
elected with no opposition. They are Dr
C. L. Anderson. Dr. F. W. Bliss, Pro
fespor D. C. Clark. Professor J. \V. Lin
scott. E. L. Williams.
NO INJURY TO
SCAVENGERS
Mayor Phelan Explains
the Provisions of the
New Resolution.
Veto of th© Contract for Re
pairing Third Street
Pavement.
Devany Determined to Put a Stop to
Slot Machines Used by Saloons
and Cigar Stands.
Mayor Phelan has addressed a com
munication to the Scavengers' Union, In
reply to their petition requesting him to
veto the order passed by the Supervisors
at their last meeting, in which he denies
that the order is prejudicial to their busi
ness or that It will injure the scavengers
in any manner. The Mayor states that
the Board of Health will not require the
use of any particular make of carts, but
will only Insist upon garbage wagons
being water-tight and covered. Regard-
Ing the resolution passed declaring In
favor of a tax levy to enable the board
to enter into a contract for the removal
of garbage at the city's expense, Mayor
Phelan informs the union that the proper
course to take is to protest to the board
next September, when the levy is made,
or else secure the contract itself for its
members.
At yesterday's meeting of the board the
Mayor presented nis veto of the resolu
tion awarding the contract for repairing
the bituminous pavement on Third street,
between Mission and Howard, io Fllnn &
Treacy. This is the job recently exposed
by The Call, wh "in the Supervisors ig
nored the bid Of J. J. Dowling of $575 and
awarded the contract to Fllnn & Treacy
at $2099. When Dowling's bid was called
to the attention of the board, Supervisor
Britt said that Dowling had bid for the
work under a misapprehension. The mat
ter went over until last week, when Dowl
ing was called upon lor an explanation.
His statement was lamentably weak, but
the board accepted it and awarded the
contract to the other linn, In his veto
message, the Mayor said:
"Mr. Dowling admitted before the
Board of Supervisors that if the contract
were awarded to him he would do the
work, and 1 recommend that it be so
awarded."
Devany offered an amendment to the
resolution presented by Delany last week
regarding the licensing of nickel-in-the
slot machines. Devany's amendment ex
pressly prohibits the licensing of all such
machines paying winners in drinks, ci
gars or their equivalent. The effect of
this order would be to abolish all such
machines, which is Devany's object. The
matter was referred to the License Com
mittee.
The Equitable Gas Light Company hied
a bond of $5000, insured by the National
Surety Company, as a guarantee for prop
erly repairing the following streets after
laying mains thereon: Stockton, from
Slitter south and across Market; Post,
from Stockton east to and across Mont
gomery; Sutter street the same.
The board passed a resolution to sus
pend the one-twelfth act, so as to admit
of expenditures being provided and paid
for the lighting 01 public buildings, owing
to the insfllciem-v o. the fund for that
purpose. The deficiency is $14,000.
It was decided to authorize the clerk to
advertise for bids for repairing all bit
uminous streets for a term of two years.
The bids for laying stone sidewalks on
Mabujl .-irt-«-t, betwetMl Geary and.O'Far
rell. received on- April 4. were. rejected. »
Jnbr. P. •■■'••■■. ■■■: . .fn pointed to
take charge of insane patients temporar
ily detained at the City Hall, at a salary
of $75 a month, and Mrs. Nellie E. Wright
and Miss Louise Malloy were apolnted
matrons at $60 a month each.
The board staved off for another week
the request of the Mutual Electric Light
Company for permission to extend its
service, in order that it may be prepared
to enter into competition for the public
lighting contract; also the petition of the
Merchants' Association for the lighting of
public streets by electricity, by adopting
a resolution referring the matter to the
committee of the whole and fixing the
date of the meeting at 10 o'clock next
Saturday. As the present contract for
lighting public buildings expires on May
1. there is little chance of the Mutual
Company being given a chance to make
good its guarantee to save the city $40,000
a year on the present cost.
Mayor Phelan asked that the final pass
age of the award of the contract for re
paying Market street with blturn<"T i.-.
postponed one week, in order that H. E.
Huntington might confer with the Street
WILL RULE THE OWL-ROOST.
James A. Tl}on)pson, the New President of t\)e
Bof}en)ian Club.
Annual election of officers of the Bohemian Club took place yesterday.
James A. .Thompson was elected , president;'; H. J. Stewart, vice-president;
Thomas. M. Pennell,. secretary, and George A. Story, treasurer. Thomas ;
Rickard. Edward M. Greenway,' Josiah R. Howell and- M. A. Newell were
chosen ■ directors to serve for the term of two years. ": .;/./,
Major James A. Thompson, the newly elected president,; enlisted -in' the "
club on May 6, 1873. '; In 1882 he was elected to serve on the . board of direc
tors. In 1896 he | was elected treasurer of the club and re-elected in , 1897. t. In
: March, of this year, he received the regular nomination for \ president , and ;
was elected yesterday by a unanimous vote. The newly elected president is ~
the cashier and secretary, of the Donohoe-Kelly Banking" Company.'fi'.-'i'tf.'XrsH-;
s- K B2 *. >-•-%•*•.•••. 8888 88 8888 88 88 83 SS 88 88 88.88 88 88.88 88.8888 88
Committee . as to whether the railroad !
company" would pave its portion of the :
street. Devany objected, • and Mayor i
Phelan asked if he was prepared to au- i
thorizo the work .If the company refused
to perform its work. Devany ,- said he \-fo^iTk\
thought the company could be compelled I
by law, under the terms. of its franchise, :
to repave its portion, and the resolution
was passed. ■ •• '
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements which passed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Mission, Brook to Randall— Curbs, gutter
ways and paving, to City Street Improvemeni
Company.
Mission, Cortland avenue to Brook — Same.
Mission and Randall — Stormwater inlets,
curbs, paving, etc., to Pacific Paving Com
pany.
Mission and Brook— Same.
Castro, Twenty-sixth to Army— Grading, to
Buckman Contracting Company.
Eighth avenue, C to Fulton streets— Sams, to
Mcliugh & Sheerln.
Washington and Locust— Paving, to Pacific
Paving Company.
Guerrero, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Curbs and
paving to City Street Improvement Company.
Sixteenth, Sanchez to Market— Same, to San
Francisco Paving Company.
Water, Mason to Taylor— Same, to Harvey
Graham.
Stark, Stockton to easterly termination of
Stark— Same, to John R. Morton.
Julian avenue, Fourteenth to Fifteenth street
—Sidewalk! to P. Broderlck.
Noe and Fifteenth— Same, to J. J. Dowllng.
Ashbury and Waller— Same, to Fllnn &
Troacy.
Castro and Twentieth— Paving, to same.
Fourteenth, Guerrero to Dolores— Grading,
curl.s ami paving, to City Street Improvement
Company.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Clayton, Waller to Frederick— Curbs and
paving.
Ninth avenue, Fulton to C street—Remacad
amlzing on easterly side for 50 feet southerly
from C street.
Fifteenth avenue, California to Lake street-
Pipe sewer, etc.
Mason. Geary to Poet— Sidewalks.
Laguna, Bay to North Point— Pipe sewer, eto.
Lacuna and North Point— Pipe sewer, etc.
Laguna. North Point to point 110 feet north
of Heaeh— Pipe sewer, etc.
Harrison, Main to Spear— Granite curbs on
northerly side, and paving.
Fillmore, Clay to Washington— Sidewalks.
Bryant, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Curbs and
sidewalks on easterly side and paving of east
erly half.
Market, southwest line of Fifth to west line
of Taylor, Including intersections of Mason and
Turk and Golden Gate avenue and Taylor—Bi
tuminous paving.
Fourth, Market to Mission— Paving.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Filbert and Hyde— Paving.
Hanv.Md alley. Filbert street to southerly
termination of Harwood alley— Curbs, side
walks and paving.
Nop and Seventeenth— Paving.
Twenty-first, Eureka to Diamond — Pipe
sewer, etc.
Mission, Twenty-peeond to Twenty-third—
Artificial stone sidewalks.
Hyde, Union tp Filbert— Curbs and paving.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Clayton, Halght to Waller— Curbs and pav
ing and pipe sewer, etc.. at point 32 feet
south of southerly line of Page.
Sacramento and Walnut — Sidewalks.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Waller. Stelner to Pierce— Bitumen.
Twenty-second, Hampshire to Pctraro t ve
nue—Same.
I Twenty-fourth, Potrero avenue to Utah —
| Same.
Clayton. Onk to Page— Same.
Octavla, Eddy to Ellis— Bitumen and basalt.
Laguna, O'Fam-11 to Ellis— Hi turueu.
Waller and Pierce— Same.
Laguna and Washington— Same.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
j Twenty-third, Chattanooga to Church—Cob
bles.
Eighth, Brannan to Townsenfl— Basalt.
Twenty-second. Folsom to Harrison— Bltu-
Twenty-second, Harrison to Alabama — Same.
RECOMMENDED FOR CONDITIONAL, AC
CEPTANCK.
Willow avenue. Van Ncsa avenue to Frank
lin street— Bitumen.
Laurel avenue, Van Ness avenuo to Franklin
i —Same.
I OBJECTION TO STREET WORK OVER
RULED.
j Fifteenth avenue to Lake— Pipe sewer, etc.
i OBJECTIONS TO STREET WORK SUS
TAJNED.
I Steiner, Broadway to Vallejo— Sidewalks on
i easterly glde.
Vallejo and Steiner— Sidewalks, culverts,
curbs, etc.
BIDS ORDERED REJECTED.
Mason, O'Farrell to Geary— Sidewalks.
j AWARDS OF CONTRACT RECONSIDERED.
! Fifteenth avenue south. Railroad avenue to N
! street south— Grading;, to Thomas Clark,
i Fourteenth, Guerrero to Dolores— Paving, to
j City Street Improvement Company.
PERMISSION GRANTED TO GRADE.
Leavenworth. Francisco to Bay— To Sharon
Estate Company, for westerly half.
ORDER REMOVING OBSTRUCTIONS.
Colton place, past side, opposite Colton
place— Superintendent of Streets directed to re
move barn.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Fillmore, Page to Haight— Property owners
may pave.
Rtvoll avenue, Stanyan street to Pop* and
Talb"t line — Same may grade and sewer.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Halght and Shrader— To City Street Im
provement Company, 90 days on paving, etc.
Haight and Cole—Same.
Haight and Clayton— Same.
Ihiif-'ht and Aslibury— Same.
Gough, Turk to Eddy— To J. H. Blngham,
30 days on paving.
Ellery, Bryant to Federal— To Pacific Paving
Company, 60 days en paving, etc.
9**** l £, shbur >' to Clayton— Same.
-g(Hf£}- c la : J ' to n ■ *? ' Cole-Same, .
Ktaie «tr^* CorttaAd ♦« Holly Park
-fo^iTk Qulnbv 30 days on griding Ifc
Liberty and Sanche*— To j W Smith, 60
days on grading, etc.
Sanchez. Twentieth to Liberty— To Nathaniel
Currier, 60 days on same.
Preclta avenue, Alabama' to Army street —
To Fred Leffler, &0 days on same." .
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
■X.:;,:.' " -r- ■ : ■-;. MITTEE. ■■■'■■■
Powell, X*o. 2115— Meta Goedecka, to lay side
walk.
Leavenworth. Union to Green— F. Marriott,
for paving.
York, Twenty-second to Twenty-third— W. H.
Bowe, to retain curbs.
Army. Castro to Noe — Property owners, for
grading, sewerlngr, etc.
Fifteenth street— Property owners, for exten
sion of same to Tilden street and for lowering
grade of latter street at Intersection with Fif
teenth street,
Mariposa and Minnesota, etc. — Property own
ers, to sewer.
Kent, Mason westerly — S. Mazza, for paving.
Thirteenth, Folsom to Harrison, etc.—Prop
erty owners, for repairing.
Cambridge and Way-land— Same, for removal
of obstructions and abatement of nuisance.
Harrison. Norwich to Ripley— Preeita Valley
Improvement Club, for grading and sewering.
Ashbury, Seventeenth to Eighteenth—Prop
erty owners, for grading, macadamizing and
sewering:.
Twenty-third, Guerrero to Dolores — Union
Paving and Contracting Company, for release
friim contract to pave.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Potrero avenue and Sixteenth street, etc.—
Property owners, against pavingr.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to Uranuß— Behrend
Joost, against grading, etc.
Potrero avenue. Twenty-first to Twenty
fourth—Property owners, against paving.
Sanchez, Market to Fourteenth— Same,
against acceptance of work.
Potrero avenue, Eighteenth to Nineteenth-
Same, against paving, etc.
Potrero avenue, Nineteenth to Twentieth—
Baine.
Potrero avenue and Nineteenth— Same.
Potrero avenue and Twentieth— Same.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVI
OUS SESSION.
G street south. Eighth avenue south to Tenth
avenue 6outh— ln favor of staying all proceed
ings until sewer is constructed.
Steiner, Vallejo to Broadway— J. M. Wood
and W. B. Wellman may lay sidewalks on east
side.
Clay and Drumm-H. Audlffred may repair
sidewalk.
Fillmore, Page to Haight— Property owners
may pave.
Filbert, Leavenworth to Hyde — In favor of
laying sidewalks.
Grove. Gough to Octavia— Against construc
tion of sidewalks.
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely or fileiL
MISS SLAVAN'S HEARING.
Colonel Parnell Will not Appear in
the Role of Prosecutor.
Colonel Parnell, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren, is considerably annoyed at the po
sition in which he thinks the Superin
tendent of Schools is evidently trying to
place him relative to the matter of the
investigation of Miss Slavan, one of the
teachers of the Cleveland Primary School.
Several weeks ago a number of the lit
tle pupils of that school called upon Mrs.
Prescott, the assistant secretary of the j
society, and told her a shocking tale to
the effect that their teacher, who is a
sister of the principal, is given to the
use of language not fit to be uttered by
a lady and a teacher of the young. Sec
retary Parnell communicated to Superin
tendent Webster the substance of what
the children had told the officers of the I
society, saying that he believed the in
vestigation of the same rightly belonged
to the' School Board.
That tho board decided to make an in- i
vestigation of the case is evident from I
the fact that Secretary Parnell recently j
received a letter officially notifying him |
to be present to-morrow at the head- i
quarters of the School Department with
his witnesses, when he and they would
be heard. Colonel Parnell is very much
annoyed that he should be placed in such
a position by the officials of the School
Department. He so wrote to them yes
terday, saying that they have no right |
to place him in the position of prosecu- I
tor, and there was nothing in his first
letter that could be so construed. The
matter was one wholly within the prov- |
inee of the School Board to do as j
it sees fit. As Colonel Parnell has given '
the Superintendent the names of all the j
witnesses he knows of, it Is not at all
likely that he will appear at the meet- I
ing, nor will he make any effort to round
up the witnesses in the case.
Suit Over a Piano.
R. C. Fiege commenced suit yesterday
against Nora M. Pratt and her husband,
O. C. Pratt, to recover $50u. the value of
a piano, he claims they are unlawfully
withholding from him.
.^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
I CURED OF RHEUMATISM.!
a ' • |»
a ANOTHER MAN PRAISES THIS FAMOUS I
« LIFE-GIVER. g
VM
a -/■'/ ra^Jyt^it^i^^ 1
i DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
» (FREE SUSPENSORY FOR WEAK MEN). s
« ; ■ ..-.;■•■ ■■.: •• : ■ j- ■ ' ' - • a
« Dr. Sanden's success during the past year has been remarkable. The Q
« cures made by his famous Electric Belt have caused his name to be
n spoken in gratitude by men and women in every town in the West. His £
" Belt cures so many complaints after the failure of drugs and all other «
a kinds of Belts that it is better than a doctor to a sick man. «
a Cured After Everything Else Had Failed. Q
« :&• ;^ SAN FRANCISCO, April 11, 1898. w
« DR AT. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I have been using your Belt as you rec- . «
** ommended'. and following your advice, and it Is with great pleasure I report &
« that the Belt has stopped. the pains and entirely cured _me of Rheumatism,
» which I do not hesitate to make known. It has done all , you claimed for it. ~
~ curing me after everything else failed. I had been doctoring .with several £
a doctors an ■ spent hundreds of dollars, trying everything I thought .-ould q
O Rive relief, but without success, till I began wearing the Belt you recom-
£ mended At the time I purchased the Belt I was confined to my bed with »
v pains and my appetite was so poor that I could not eat anything without «
C£ being distressed. All those symptoms have disappeared, and I am a well
« man thanks to your Belt. I will always be pleased to recommend the Belt Q
CD to any person in need of one. Yours very respectfully, ' • ; «
O io auif v* GUB GRELLMA-, , 22 Sacramento Btreet. ■ ~
« ''■-'- ■-,:.■:■■ ■ . •■ . ■■■■■■ ■-■■■-,-..-■ ■ vy;v; -; ■ a
a Read What Dr. Sanden's Belt Cures. a
& Rheumatism, Kidney troubles, Lame Back, Sciatica, Indigestion and 3
& all manner of Stomach troubles. Lumbago, Ceneral Debility, Varicocele, 3
& loss of vital force, and especially the various forms of vital weakness in &
« men and women. It makes men what nature intended them. It re- g
stores all the old vim and ambition. "Wonderful results are assured in Q
« ten days. ;. ' [ g
a Dr. Sanden's Book, "Three Classes of Men." a
a ■-■ This book is worth $1000 to any weak man. It will save years of mis- XX
referable decline by pointing out a cheap, sure means of regaining the £
vT strength that has been wasted. It is free to any man who will ask. for
*•* it. Consultation free. .. : ]2
a;■ "■ Call or address . . ~*
a SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * S5OOO REWARD * |
# ."' 632 Market Street, San Francisco. Will be paid for one of
w NOTE— Make ■no - mistake in • the * number— . «v MO T , pl(<l which fnJU "■ Q
"632 MARKET street. ■ ' these ueits wnicn rails , *■<
0 Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to generate a current or , H.
M;.to • 1. .;• Branches , at : Los Angeles. Cal., 204 Vi ■ Flprtricitv f\
0 South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington i^iecuitny. w W
in street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth -street; ■. ■ ♦ ■ : :—: — ♦ C
Dallas, Tex.; 285 Main street. . . " O
DgggaogaggoaggDgggpggqggggogogqggogo
• ■■■■. ■.- . - - ■ ■ •. ■ ■■-'■■■■ - -■-■■- ii ■■'■.■. ■ ■ ■ • •- - -■ , • -■-■■-*■■*: * -
APPROVED BY
ITS PARTISANS
Sacramento Republicans
Indorse the Central
Committee.
Action Increasing Membership
Is Received With
Favor.
Designed to Afford ■ Representative
for Each Polling Place In
the City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 11.— The action
of the County Central Committee
whereby the membership was increased
from eleven to seventeen has met the
general approbation of prominent Re
publicans in this city. The design of
the committee was to meet as far as
possible the provisions of the Stratton
primary law recently declared by the
Supreme Court to be defective. Whila
the purposes of the law are defeated by
the decision there is no doubt that
m_ny of its features were indorsed by
the people generally, and to meet that
sentiment the committee took the ac
tion it did.
Under the Stratton primary law
there were a greater number of polling
places provided for than has been cus
tomary to have heretofore.
In order to respond to this evident
desire on the part of voters the com
mittee -was compelled to increase its
number so that the additional polling
places which will be provided for later
would not be without a representative
of the party. The action of the com
mittee is highly commendable as it
brings the choice of delegates and other
party privileges more to the people.
The following Interviews show the fav
orable feeling:
Judge C. N. Post— l can certainly sea
no objection whatever to the action ot
the committee.
F. B. Adams— lt should have been
done long ago. It was the proper thinj
to do and meets with general approval
of all good Republicans.
A. J. Johnston— l heartily approve the
committee's action. Under the present
Increase of membership the represen
tation throughout the county will be
much more satisfactory than It is now.
Dr. F. F. Tebbetts Taustee — I favor
the action of .'.ie committee and have
all along. The larger the committee
the better.
Ed Roeder— l am In hearty accord
with the proposition which increased
the number of County Commltteemen.
It was a very wise move, an* I believe
gives general sat.sfaction.
William M. Sims— The action of the
committee is certainly sustained by the
best Republicans in the city and
county. I have heard no one express
any other opinion.
judge E. C. Hart— l can see no harm
in it I am sure that it was not in
tended tn get the best of anybody*, but
to have the city and county fully rep
resented on tho committee so that Re
publicans generally will be made to
take a livelier interest in the affairs of
the party.
T. A. Lander— l most certainly ap
prove the committee's action.
J W. Wilson — I have heard no one
complain, and as far as I am concerned
I believe it was the proper thine: to do.
R T. Devlin— To Insure success the
larger number you interest the better.
I believe the committee realized that
fact when they Increased their number.
56
& /^fr*^ 1 fc«wO SIT I 1
Til & ***'*'*'
TUESDAY APRIL 12, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
• Address All CommunJcationstoJV^jS^JLJ^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts^ S. f
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tl)l« city and surroundlog towns
for 15 cants a weak. By mali $6 per year; per month
"6S cents. ________
THE WEEKLY CALL ■ One year, by mall. $1.80
OAKLAND OFFICE ~- .j_- •OS Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Reppesent«thr«.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfta Boom
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CMCAGO OFFICE - Marqnette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 920 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
930 o'clock. 6&1 McAllister street, open until 930
o'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 920 o'clock,
1941 Mission itr+M. open until X) o'clock. SS9I Mark**
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- SOW
BlMion •tree*, open until 9 o'clock. KM Eleventh
street. open uotfl 9 o'clock. 1505 Pot*; street, open
until 930 o'clock. NUT. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky strt^U, open until 9 e'sloak.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A itranrer In Mew York."
Columbia— "Shore Acres "
California— "Old Lavender."
Alcazar— "The Strange Adventnres of Miss Brown."
Moroßco's— "Pavement^ of New York."
Tlvoli— "Sinbad the Sailor."
Orphenm- Vaudeville.
The Chutes-Zoo, Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Oiympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Speoialues.
Sherman & Clay's Hall— Paloma Schramm, Wednesday after-
noon. April 18.
California Jockey riuo. Oakland — Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By KiUlp &. Co.— Thl» aay, April 12. Horses, atcorner Van Ness
avenue and Mario'i Btreets, at Hi o'clock.
By N. B. >'l;irk This day, April IS, Turkish Ru*B, at 108
Grant av.>n;;'' .11 i 0 clock.
TWEEDLEDUM AND TWEEDLEDEE.
THE Westminster Gazette is an ever-flowing
fountain whence gushes and bubbles a quality of
wisdom not to be sneezed at. In a recent issue
it affirms that the destruction of the Maine will not
be treated as casus belli, but as warranting outside
interference. This country views the two processes
as sustaining about the same relation to each other
that six does to half a dozen. If there is any differ
ence between casus belli and a state of facts warrant
ing interference, the interference being certain to
provoke war, the distinction is too delicate to be
readily grasped.
Either the destruction of the Maine was deliber
ately planned, or it was the result of treachery such
as Spain ought to have been the first and keenest in
deploring, or it was an accident. That the latter is the
correct supposition nobody believes, and Spain has
not been detected in the act of expressing regrets.
It became the plain duty of this country to interfere.
It could not do so without accusing Spain. If the
crime was not casus belli, then the accusation cer
tainly was, so the same point is reached by either
path.
When the war shall be over, provided war come, it
is to be hoped the Gazette will find time to explain
tli* difference between its tweedledum and its tweedle
dce. and how the war presumed to happen without
waiting for the essential casus.
(\ WEST INDIAN STATION.
rlj ROM the promptness with which the Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations dealt with the
bill providing for the purchase of the island of
St. Thomas it is probable that sentiment in Congress
is favorable to the acquisition, and the purchase may
be made as speedily as it is possible for diplomacy
to arrange for it. Events now occurring show the im
portance to us of a naval station and depot of sup
plies in the West Indies, and the islands which Den
mark desires to sell us are in every respect suited for
that purpose.
It is clear that it would be unadvisable for the
United States to undertake the government of any ex
tensive West Indian possession or of any considerable
West Indian population. For that reason the annex
ation of Cuba or of Porto Rico in the event of suc
cessful war with Spain would hardly be undertaken.
Equal objections could be urged to the annexation of
any of the larger islands. No such objections exist
in the case of the group of islets which Den
mark desires to sell. The only value they have is the
harbor in the island of St. Thomas. The area is
small and the population can never be large. The
group is an ideal one for a naval station, and the very
fact that it is not likely to contain any large number
of people, which renders it comparatively valueless to
Denmark as a colony, makes it the more attractive to
us.
We would have no need for any of the group except
St. Thomas, but as Denmark would not sell that with
out the others we will have to take them all if we take
any. The price asked is $5,000,000. This seems a
large sum for what is but little more than a group
of rocks and sand, but the value of the islands is not
in their industrial but their naval possibilities. It
is not too much for us to pay for a naval station in a
portion of the sea so near to us as that which sur
rounds the West Indies. The subject has long been
under consideration. Some of our ablest statesmen
have advocated it, and in this juncture we can see that
a great mistake was made in not completing the pur
chase years ago.
Prince yon Isenberg-Bernstein of Berlin is willing
to accept a rich wife, Americans not barred. Here
is an opportunity not likely to be overlooked. The
Prince could be had at a bargain, for his great object
in throwing himself upon the market is to raise 900
marks wherewith to repay a loan negotiated with his
tmsting cook. The manifestation of a desire to re
pay this shows the Prince to be far superior to the
aveiage article for sale to the maiden all forlorn
\vho?e papa has money and is in other respects mostly
an idiot.
Carolus Duran. the portrait painter, has named the
three women whom he regards as the most beautiful
in England, France and America, respectively. Yet
there may be others who have not had the honor of
paying the gentleman a large sum for having their
beauty transferred to canvas.
Announcement is made that on account of the
prisoners there Morro Castle is not to be bombarded.
This will be far more satisfactory than to refrain for
fear of giving offense to Spain.
Whatever may be the ability of Sagasta, certainly
he is not acting the part of a diplomat in seizing every
opportunity to insult this country. People do not
like it v \
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
THE message will be carefully read by every citi
zen. It is the most important state paper since
Lincoln's inaugural and his first call for troops.
It is the document which may break the peace of God
and the nations, and was written in the full sense of
the responsibility it creates for this Government in
taking so momentous a step.
Its historical review of the Cuban situation is a les
son to the world, enforcing the joint responsibility
of governments for the world's peace, and suggesting,
as its best guarantee, that good government which is
the sole source of peace and content on the part of
subjects and citizens. The interest of this country,
through its commerce and the personal rights of its
citizens, invited to domicile and investment in Cuba
by the laws of Spain, is graphically put. The narra
tive of diplomacy, the desire to leave Spain
free to adjust within a reasonable time her dif
ferences with insurgent subjects, and her responsibility
for failure, is plainly stated. The message demon
strates that the incidents common to civil war have
assumed aggravated forms in Cuba. On both sides the
struggle has descended from the plane of war to that
of common murder. Non-combatants have none of
the rights and protection demanded by the laws of
war. There is none of that discrimination which
modern civilization has written into the war code of
the world to mitigate the horrors of carnage. Our
right to intervene by force, the only effective way, is
put on grounds that justify us in the eyes of the world.
No demand is made to effect the dismemberment of
Spain. The Junta and their sympathizers will criticize
this position, and it may be the subject of d-astic
comment on the President. It must not be forgotten,
however, that this great issue must be treated en
tirely as an American question. A right reading of
the message amply discloses that to be the strong
purpose of the President. A demand for independ
ence of Cuba and the installation of the Junta as the
ruling power of the island in place of Spanish
authority is a demand for the dismemberment of a
European power. Spain has for months sought a
European alliance and has been denied. The powers
have seen in the issue no European question as a
foundation for such alliance. Our administration has
not moved a hair's breath off American giound, and
is now put by the message as an intervenor in asser
tion of its clear American rights, and to the world is
presented in a position highly satisfactory to other
nations as a humane protector of the rights of person
and property common to all civilization and necessary
to its existence. The exercise of further powers by
the President passes from the devices of peace to the
ways of war. The purse and the sword are committed
to Congress by the constitution. That body must now
act. It may limit its action to the use by the Presi
dent of our whole military and naval strength in
Cuba to put an end to hostilities, or it may go as
much further as it choose and make a specific declara
tion of war against Spain, which will point to reprisals
upon that nation of such nature as Congress may dic
tate. Armed intervention to secure peace in Cuba will
of course be taken by Spain as a hostile declaration,
and she will treat it as a declaration of war, and the
struggle is inevitable.
The President has wisely refused to make the cause
of Spain of common interest to continental Europe,
as would be the case if we demand dismemberment.
He has left her in that retributive isolation which is
the punishment of misgovernment. and has so planned
her position and our own that she must cease military
operations in Cuba and herself grant independence to
the island on such terms as she can make.
The country has not failed to note the intrusion of
partisanship in the form of Senator Butler's resolution
attempting to forestall the orderly action of the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs. Butler's plan enables Spain
to draw the card she has sought in a European alli
ance against the United States. As an agent of the
Junta that Senator is willing to involve this country
in a struggle of surpassing magnitude to help the des
perate and sel6sh purpose of a few men who want to
secure supreme power in Cuba to the exclusion of
their island countrymen who have been bearing the
brunt of war while they have been doing office work
in New York.
The President's policy will disembarrass Cuba from
Spanish rule and enfranchise her people with power
to choose their own Government. If the Junta de
serve to be that Government they should inaugurate
the rule of the majority by assenting to it.
POSTAL SAVINGS BANKS.
AMONG the measures which were expected of
Congress at this session was one providing
for the establishment of postal savings banks.
The Postmaster-General recommended the adoption
of such a plan, and so favorably was the recommen
dation received throughout the country that for a
time there seemed every reason for the hope that the
proposed banks would be provided.
Secretary Gage, however, has pointed out one ob
jection to the undertaking which under present con
ditions seems insuperable. This lies in the uncertainty
that prevails in the monetary system of the nation.
As he says, in the establishment of banks by which
the Government would be brought into fiduciary re
lations with millions of its people, the consideration
of first importance is the money standard which is to
measure in the future the value of the savings fund
to the depositors.
Referring to the many bills which have been sub
mitted to him, the Secretary responded in a recent
message to the Senate Committee: "I discover no
where in any of these bills any agreement or pledge
as to the form of money in which depositors are to
be paid." He then proceeded to put the issue in this
direct way:
"If one of the humblest parties to the proposed
contract should ask the postmaster agent to whom he
should hand his accumulated earnings, now as good
as gold, 'Will my money, when I draw it out, be in
gold or in its fair equivalent?' what answer will you
authorize your agent to make? At present he can
make no specific answer."
Even the most earnest advocate of postal savings
banks must admit that this objection is fatal to the
establishment of such banks until the money question
has been settled. Here, then, is another reason why
that all-important issue should be dealt with at once.
So long as the value of the money of the nation is
subject to the least doubt or to the changes of politi
cal contests so long will many projects of national
good have to wait. Monetary reform is imperative.
Even the stress of war should not bepermitted to
force its postponement a single day beyond the time
necessary to give it full consideration before action.
Speculation is now rife as to how war would affect
the reconcentrados. Certainly it could not more than
starve them to death, and in the absence of war they
are already starving faster than it is convenient to
bury them.
Perhaps it would not be asking too much of the .
Spanish, that ; in pelting Minister Woodford with
eggs, as they are like, by way of promoting the en
tente cordiale, to do^ they^e *#ood quality, of egg*.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
AN interior paper indulges in the following re
flections: "The country has been tricked,
robbed, plundered of over $50,000,000 by the
money sharks of Wall street. At the time Congress
voted the money it was led to believe it would be
used by our Government to put this country in a posi
tion to wreak vengeance on Spain for the loss of our
magnificent battle-ship and the lives of her brave
crew. The money is being spent and is pouring
rapidly into the coffers of these same Wall-street
brokers, and it looks as though the whole thing was
only a job of theirs to wring more mammon from the
people."
That is a very inflammatory attack upon our own
Government. It may gratify that class of partisans
who think that votes may be gained by trying to
make our people believe that the President is another
Weyler, and that the American people have chosen
tc represent them officers who are devoid of honor
and honesty. While the object of such incendiary
politics is apparent, the pursuit of it by such means is
full of danger. The writer fails to explain how the
money is being spent for the benefit of Wall street,
how it comes to be pouring into the coffers of the
brokers, or how its expenditure is for purposes other
than the defensive and offensive preparations neces
sary to put the country on a war footing. What have
the Wall-street brokers to sell to the Government for
such purposes? What has the Government bought of
them for any purpose that they are getting the money
rapidly into their coffers?
The charge is that the President is guilty of an im
pcachable offense and that Congress is unfit for its
duties. If we have a Congress unanimously incapable,
for every member voted for that appropriation, and
an administration both unfit and dishonorable, the
republic itself stands impeached as unfit for self
government. The fact is, as all fair men know, that
what has been spent of the $50,000,000 confided to the
President has gone in the purchase of ships of war
abroad; in hastening the construction of those on the
ways in our own yards; in swelling the force of every
navy-yard to emergency limits in putting existing
ships, rams and torpedo-boats in condition to fight,
and in the completion, transportation and mounting
of guns to defend our sea ports. It has been spent in
small arms and equipments, tents and supplies for
our land forces; in getting transport-ships ready to
send those forces to the scene of action. It has been
invested in powder, of which three months ago there
was not enough in the country to last one day in
war, and in putting that powder into condition for
its various uses, from the charge needed for the
great guns on ship and shore to fixed ammunition for
the use of small arms in the hands of our marines and
of our infantry and cavalry.
These arc the purposes for which every dollar has
gone, and as a result the military strength of the
country is now ready for the most efficient exertion.
To lie about that expenditure and charge malfeas
ance therein against the President is to indulge a
treasonable temper and pander to disloyalty in a time
when the country needs the cheerful support of all
who deserve the honor of its citizenship. The man
who will spread such black-hearted falsehoods and
idiotic treason is a jack-Spaniard, discrediting his
own country and doing his low best to put it at a dis
advantage. If he were on a man-of-war he would be
tray her to the enemy to discredit the President. If
he stood guard at a fortification he would surrender
it. He has in him the treason of Arnold and the
cowardice of Hull. If he and his kind propose per
sistence in such courses in the expectation that it will
lead their party into power, we notify all such, now,
that the American people will wipe out such an or
ganization and leave as its only monument the stench
that rises where it rots.
PONOMA OR NICARAGUA.
AFTER having spent about a month in making
an inspection of the work now going on along
the route of the proposed Panama canal, the
International Commission is announced to have sat
isfied itself as to the outlook and has sailed for New
York on its way to Europe. It is not known what
report the commission will make, but our dispatches
announce there is good reason to believe the mem
bers were favorably impressed with what they saw,
and will in all probability recommend a continuance
of the work.
The contrast between the persistence of the French
in continuing the work at Panama and the long delay
and vacillation of Congress in providing for the con
struction of the projected canal at Nicaragua is by
no means creditable to the United States. It becomes
all the darker for us when we consider the circum
stances under which the Panama scheme is being
pushed forward. The project is handicapped by the
enormous losses sustained under the first promoters
and by the shameful scandals connected with the ex
penditure of its funds. These were bad enough to
discredit even the most promising enterprise, and yet
in the face of them the French go on with the great
undertaking, while in Washington all the talk and all
the energy directed toward the Nicaragua canal ac
complish nothing more than the appointment of a
new commission every three or four year, to go down
and make a junketing survey of the route.
The people of the United States would not like to
believe that the European capitalists who are back
ing the Panama canal have enough influence in Con
gress to block the Nicaragua project. It is
not to be suspected that an American legis
lator would permit any money power to in
duce him to delay the construction of a canal
under American control for the purpose of
allowing the construction of one under European
control. The canal that connects the Atlantic with
the Pacific will be of vital importance to the United
States in times of war as well as of great value in
times of peace. To permit it to pass into the hands
of foreign powers would be almost like treason to the
welfare of the nation. That, however, is what will
happen if we wait while France works.
To one of a doubting nature the terms of the pro
posed armistice seem to be a request for the United
States to keep its hands off until the Spanish can get
into good shape for changing the request into a de
mand. However, in dealing with a nation so frank
and open and honorable as Spain, so crowned with
the glory of unblemished integrity, so benign and so
chivalrous, such suspicions are of course out of
place.
The Havana paper which accuses Lee of having
run away may possibly have later a chance to apolo
gist to him. Lee might run back in a manner even
more impressive than his leaving.
There is a sentiment in this country that the ships
bearing Americans away from Havana ought to be
convoyed by a fleet of armored cruisers.
Probably th« tragedy of the Chilkoot has robbed
mpttqr * golden dream of all its glamor.
PLEASE EXPLAIN.
HE MAY BE THE KING OF ENGLAND.
This Is the portrait of Prince Edward of York, son of the Duke of York and
grandson of the Prince of Wales. If he lives long enough he will sit on the
throne of England. The picture is reproduced from the London Graphic.
It was drawn from a portrait made especially for a presentation stamp and
portrait album to be given to the Prince of Wales. The album is to contain the
pictures of little contributors to the Prince of Wales Hospital fund.
OUR NAVAL VICTORIES
AT THE beginning of the war of the
revolution, says Cameron in the
Chicago Times-Herald there was
no American navy. However, the
continental privateers managed to capture
about 800 English vessels and 12,000 prison
ers, 500 of them soldiers in some of the
best English regiments. In the two years'
naval war with France the fighting was
all done by the navy," which captured SO
of the enemy's vessels and ' about 3000
men. The wars with the Barbary pirates
were also brought to a satisfactory end
by the unaided efforts of the navy, the
United States securing privileges not
granted to European. powers. It was in
the war of 1812. however, that our navy
won its greatest victory by whipping the
British after it had defeated the com
bined sea forces of the world. Over 1500
British ships were taken and over 20,000
British seamen were j made prisoners.
Finally in the Mexican war, though there
was not much chance for naval co-opera
tion with the land forces, . when, the
chance did come at Vera Cruz the navy
took it.
It is not necessary to detail all the vic
tories of the American navy to prove its'
efficiency. The more important are suffi
cient, and such names as Paul • Jones,
Oliver Hazard Perry, Lawrence and the
others who won the victories ought to
be enough to inspire their successors . to
their best and bravest deeds.
The first naval engagement cf th 3 revo
lution was off Machi:is. Me., when the
British armed schooner Margaretta was
whipped and captured. After "that-iel
lowed a long list of minor engagements,
in which Esek Hopkins, first commander
in-chief of the navy, took a number of
English ships. The edge of these victor
ies was dulled a little, however,, by the
defeat of the American fleet on Lake
Champlain under Benedict Arnold.
And then came the first prominent ap
pearance of Captain John Paul Jones, who
i.' the eld Providence picked up fifter.i
British prizes late in '76. In April, '78, he
rruile that daring attack on Whiteaay>n,
ar.d in September, '79, defeated the .Eng
lish ship Serapis in the German Ocean
with the Bonhomme Richard (named af
ter "Poor Richard," or Benjamin Frank
lin), which sank the next day.
The two important battles in the naval
war with France were fought by the good
old frigate Constellation, under Commo
dore Truxton. The first of these was off
St. Kitts. an island in the West Indian
group, where, after an hour's fighting,
Truxton compelled the French frigate
L'lnsurgente to strike., her colors.- In
February, 1799, that was. A year later
the same vessel and the same commander
administered a drubbing to the French La
Vengeance, but allowed her to escape in.
a squall. -■•...
In the war with the Barbary States the
capture of the American ship Philadelphia
and its subsequent destruction by Deca-.
tur and the bombardment of Tripoli, by
Commodore Preble were the important
engagements. The first. was a serious
loss, but the bombardment was sufficient
to secure American . shipping ; against the
raids of the Barbary pirates.
The war of 1812 was ", productive of a
number :of glorious American victories.
The first of these, after numerous pre
liminary skirmishes, came on August 19,
when the frigate Constitution (now the
Newport school ship) , under Isaac Hull ,
captured the British frigate Guerriere. In
the next month Lieutenant Elliott cap
tured the brigs Detroit ■> and i Caledonia,
from under the guns of Fort Erie, the
latter afterward serving in Perry's fleet.
It was only a few days later that the
frigate United States | captured .the Brit
ish Macedonia off Madeira, the British
loss being 104 and the American eleven-
A couple of months later the Constitu
tion captured the -.riti&h ship Java off
Brazil, and in February of 1813 the Amer
ican sloop Hornet stung and captured the
British Peacock.
But after that came a defeat, the de
feat of Lawrence in the Chesapeake by
the British frigate Shannon. It was the
••Dont-give-up-the-ship" Lawrence, and
in this engagement he was mortally
wounded. For inflicting the defeat the
freedom of London was voted to Captain
Broke, the English commander, and a
fine ■ sword was presented to him. The
defeat was not long ."• unavenged, how
ever, for a couple of months after Cap
tain William Henry Allen in the sloop
Argus ! captured the British sloop Pelican
in the English Channel, and a month
later the American Enterprise took the
Boxer. . __
Then came Perry's victory, the "We
have-met-the-enemy - and - they-are-ourß'
victory over the English fleet In Lake
Erie. Six vessels were the prize in this
engagement, a sad loss to England, an
encouraging lift to the United States.
And then the sloop Peacock, which the
Americans had taken , from the British,
was used to : capture - - another ' British
ship, the brig Epervler, off the coast of
Wales. The prise was sold for $55,000, and
1118,000 in specie was found on board. This
was the first good victory of 1814. It was
Boon followed by another, when the
American ship Wasp captured the Rein
deer. , Later ■ she took - the : British ! At
lanta, but soon after disappeared, no one
knows how, but forever. • - . .
And next the second battle of Lake
Champlain, an American " victory ~ this
time, when Commodore ■ .•. homas McDon
ough. with fourteen vessels and eighty
six guns, defeated the British fleet of six
teen vessels and - ninety-six guns under
George Downle. • Fifty- two killed and as
many wounded was the American loss,
the British twice as much. •
The first naval struggle of 1815 brought
an American defeat, the > President, un
der Decatur, being captured by a British
fleet' Just out of ■■ New York harbor. A.
month c later the Constitution captured
the l British frigate Cyane : and the brigr
Levant, and three days after the Hornet,
under Captain | Nicholas Biddle, captured
the British Penguin oft the : coast of Bra
zil. This ' was the ' last •■ naval - battle ■of
i—c - war ■of • 1813, and ■ practically : the • last
American battle with s any s foreign foe.
; ■ That Is not by any means ? a full record
L* ife* ,4ffeiic%a fc*yal *• ylftorigu but
enough of them have been given to show
the quality of American fighting on the
sea. if the navy now can do as well
there will be little danger of defeat in
any threatened trouble.
ALONGSHORE.
There s a cry convs up from along the shore,
A cry from a hundred towns or more
Each with its corporation where
It catches the salt Atlantic air.
There isn't a village from North to South
That hasn't a cry for help in its mouth
For each one seems to think that it
Is the only one that can be hit.
That Spain will send on their quickest runs
Her biggest ships with their biggest guns,
To shoot that village so full of holes
The Eea will run through it In great big rolls.
There's a wall from Plgmont-by-the-Sea,
There s a soulful sob from Windwardlee,
There s a protest coining from La Podunk,
There s an urgent call from Sklnnymebunk,
There's a yearning yelp from Cow's-Nesthurst,
I here s a long appeal from Morningburst,
in ere k a sounding shout from Skilletvllle,
ihere s a frightened yell from Bunghole Hill.
They're coming in from the coast of Maine
To the Key West line and back again.
From every municipality
In sight or in smell of the sounding sea.
Each seems to think that the Spanish spite
Is centered upon that one townsite.
And that the Government ought to arise
In Its might to preserve this one choice prize.
But they need not worry: If the Spanish ships
f^ome over this way in a quest for tips.
The lankees will keep them so busy that
They never will learn where these towns are at.
— \V. J. L. in New York Sun.
COLLECTED UN
THE CORRIDORS.
Franklin Leonars of Nevada is at the
Palace.
C. H. Wilson of Boston Is a guest at
the Palace.
L. H. Garrigus, a merchant of Salinas
is at the Lick.
T. D. Day of Duluth. Minn., Is staying
at the California.
A. G. Miles of New York arrived at the
Occidental yesterday.
Robert Nixon Jr. of the Treka Journal
Is a guest at the Grand.
Horace R. Kelly, a New York capitalist,
is a guest at the Palace.
T. J. Donovan, a mining man of Ven
tura, is staying at the Grand.
Dr. A. M. Gardner of the Napa Insane
Asylum is a guest at the Lick.
J. "W. Cook and wife of Bohemia, Or.,
are registered at the Occidental.
Henry Page, U. S. A., is at the Occi
dental, where he arrived last night.
George W. Middleton of Yokohama is
one of the late arrivals at the Palace.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Bald
win are C. H. Hanlon and wife of San
Jose.
F. J. Brandon, clerk of the State Sen
ate, is registered at the Grand from Sac
ramento.
W. E. Ross of Minnesota is a guest at
the Occidental. He Is accompanied by
his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. Lee L. Gray have come
down from Fresno and are registered at
the Occidental.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst has com© down
from her ranch at Pleasanton and ia
staying at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Adams of New
York and James F. Peck of Merced are
all registered at the Lick.
Thomas Farhed and W. W. Farvell are
two young Englishmen at the Palace who
are traveling for pleasure.
H. Prinz, a merchant of Monterey, is at
the Grand on his way to Germany, where
he is going to visit relatives.
Dr. Chester Rowell. a regent of the
State University, is at the Grand, where
he arrived last night from Merced.
George O. Brown of Chicago, together
with his wife and a party of friends, Is
at the Palace on a visit of leisure to the
city.
Richard Gibson, who in his editorial
work on Town Talk did much to make
it the success it is, has resumed his con
nections with that paper.
The condition of Warden Anil, -who is
staying at the Grand, has taken such a
turn for the better that it is hoped a
fatal termination may be avoided.
General Manager Kruttschnltt of the
Southern Pacific Company has returned
from his trip over the southern sections
of his road and has resumed the duties
of his office, as well as taken up the re
sponsibilities of his new office, that of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROYAL is the only Baking
Powder ) that will keep
fresh and of full strength
in the climate of the Yukon.
• (
ROYMJUKINQ PQWQtR QQ. t NtWVORK.
fourth vice-preeident, to which he was
elected at the last meeting of the board
of directors.
J. F. Thompson, editor and proprietor
of a leading newspaper of Northern Cal
ifornia, the Daily Standard of Eureka,
is in town. Mr. Thompson IP a delegate
to the I. O. O. F. convention and a prom
inent member of that order. S
Assistant General Manager J. H. Fill
more of the Southern Pacific and H. J.
Small, superintendent of motive power,
left last night to go over the line as far
as El Paso, where they will meet L. S.
Thome, vice-president and general man
ager of the Texas Pacific, and D. W. Dod
ridge of the Wabash road. The purpose
of the meeting is to talk over and ar
range some comparatively unimportant
details of freight and passenger traffic.
Mr. Fillmore and Mr. Small will probably
be gone about eight or ten days.
"The great
charm about life
Id Tahiti." said
a gentleman who
has just returned
to the city from
a long sojourn
among those
SOCIAL LIFE
IN
FROPICAL TAHITI
"Summer Isles of Eden.' lying "In dark
purple spheres of sea." "is the utter ab
sence of all conventionality. Art and na
ture are Just the same in the land of th«
cocoanut and the cannibal, and the only
difference between the white settler and,
the dusky aborigine is the time It will
take the latter to get down to the lower
standard of vlciousness which has been
reached by the former after traveling for
centuries along the paths of civilization.
Missionaries go down from this country
to teach the poor benighted heathan how
to shoot straight with the moral bow and,
arrow, and after passing a coupl* of
years doing twice as much harm by their
example as they do good by their pre
cepts, return home to the congregation*
that sent them there and are entertained
and feted while they spin fairy stories
about the privations and hardships they
have endured while laboring in the Lord"a^
savage island vineyards. A fair Idea ->«■▼
what these fellows really amount to may
be gathered by the following little inci
dent that recently came under my ob
servation:
"I occupied a small cottage on the out
skirts of Papeete, where I was often tha
host to a number of characters whosa
paths in life were widely different, but
whose natural instincts and passions, to
which they all gave free rein, were about
the same. One afternoon I was honored
by a call from a well-known missionary,
who had hardly seated himself when tha
door was opened to give admittance to a
gambler by the name of Poker Jack Nes
bitt. We all sat and chatted for a few
moments, when I recollected I had an
errand to perform, and, placing a larga
bottle of rum and some cigars on tha
table, excused myself, telling them to
make themselves at home until I re
turned. I was gone for about an hour,
and when I drew near my house on my
return I was surprised to meet my house*
keeper running toward me with her hai#
flowing down her back and an expres
sion of great consternation on her face.
I stopped her and asked what was tha
matter. As soon as she could catch her
breath she said in the native language:
'Matter? Matter enough. Hurry to tha
house. Poker Jack and the missionary
have drunk up all the rum, and now tha
man of God is eating the degenerate one.'
I at once entered my shanty and found
that she had hit pretty near the truth.
Both of the fellows had become beastly
intoxicated and gotten into a fight, which
had resulted in the missionary nearly
chewing the thumb off the gambler's
hand.
"Some day that preacher will return to
civilization and tell of the spiritual hun
ger that he devoted his time to appeas
ing in the South Seas."
THE PRESIDENTS FORTITUDE.
The President is bearing a tremendous
burden with admirable moral fortitude
and thus far with few signs of physical
weariness. There is every reason to be
lieve that his tranquillity will continue to
be proof against the malice of a. few
turbulent detractors.— New York Tribune.
MERITED REWARD.
The coolness, patience and dignity with
which President McKinley has handled
the Cuban question are winning their re
ward. Even Germany now professea
sympathy with the United States. — Buf
talo Express.
CORNING TiiK OLD WORLD.
Europe called last year for 200,000,009
bushels of American maize, an increase of
65.000,000 bushels over 1596. The merits of
this great cereal are dawning on the Old
World.— Globe-Democrat.
HAS A WARLIKE TONE.
No matter how Commodore Schley pro
nounces his name he will soon have an.
excellent oportunity to make the Spanish
fear it.— St. Louis Republic.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lfo at Townsend's.«
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Fine writing papers, in all the new
shapes, sizes and tints, "Waterman" and
"Swan" fountain pens. Koh-i-noor pencils
and all kinds of stationery for either office
or home use at the lowest possible prices
at Sanborn & Vails. •
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
The average engaged girl haa no i*ea
how embarrassing it is to be embarrassed.
Peter was probably a married man or he
wouldn't have learned to be bo quick at
denying things.
About half the men get married because
they're able to support a wife and half
because they're not.
No woman ever has such perfect con
fidence in her husband that she neve*
tries to catch him in a trap.
The women who know enough not to let
their little girls skip rope don't generally
know much about politics.
You can always tell how much natural
suspicion a woman has by watching her
when she buys strawberries.— New York
Press.
Dr. Siegkbt's Angostura Bxttxbs, the world
renowned appetizer and lnvtjjorator. Is used over
the whole civilized world. Beware of Imitations.
Thboat Diseases commence; with a Oo^yrh.
Cold or Sore Throat. ' -Brown' $ BroncMal 3Vo.
chet" give immediate and sure relief.
The following is a complete list of tha
maiden names of the mothers of the
United States Presidents: Washington
Mary Ball; John Adams, Susanna Boyl
ston; Jefferson, Jane Randolph; Madison
Nellie Conway; Monroe, Eliza Jones- j'
Q. Adams, Abigail Smith; Andrew Jack
son, Elizabeth Hutchinson; Van Buren
Maria Hoes; Harrison, Elizabeth Bassett-'
Tyler, Mary Armistead; Polk. Jane Knox :
Taylor. Sarah Strother; Fillmore, Phoebe
Millard; Pierce, Anna Kendrick; Bu
chanan, Elizabeth Speer; Lincoln, Nancy
Hanks; Johnson, Mary McDonough-
Grant, Hannah Simpson; Hayes, Sophia
Birchard; Garfleld, Eliza Ballou; Arthur
Malvina Stone; Cleveland, Annie Neal'
Harrison, Elizabeth Irwin; McKinley'
Nancy Campbell Allison. * 'ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ALAMEDA'S CROPS
ARE DOUBTFUL
San Leandro's Cannery
Is Not to Be Built
This Year.
Livermore's Creamery Closed
Because of Scarcity
of Feed.
Fruit Spoiled In Few Places «nd
tho Yield Will Bo
Small.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
90S Broadway, April 11,
The crop and fruit conditions and pros- '
pects in A'.ameda County are now caus- '
ing grave anxiety. The excessive
warmth of to-day, it is expected, will b« !
followed by a light rain to-morrow or .
next day and in many districts this will
entirely ruin apricots and cherries. Some <
of the Farmers report that it will novr
be impossible to get even moderate crop.*, ;
as the young cereals are so stunted and
backward that they cannot possibly pro- j
duce anything but poor fodder. ,
The fruit crop, being so lacking In prom- !
iso, lias been the means of delaying the '■
building of the cannery of San LeandroJ
for which a generous public subscription j
was raised. It will not be opened this j
' season, but the committee has accepted
an agreement that insures the opening j
of the cannery next year. The propo- j
sition that has been agreed upon is that
of the King-Morse Cannery Company of
San Francisco.
The principal conditions of the contract I
are as follows: That the association j
deeds a block of land and pays over to j
the company the balance In cash which i
will aggregate the sum of five thousand j
dollars and which Is to be collected by j
July l, 1S98; while the company agrees to
break ground by November 1 of this year
and begin with the erection ■:" buildings
by January 1; 1599. The cannery to have j
capacity of 50,000 cases per canning sea- j
son. The last condition was proposed j
by th*> association; but a private inter
view with Mr. Morse, the president of
the company, elicited the fact that the
calculations are for a capacity of 100,
000 cases per canning season.
A report received at The Call office from
Haywarda to-day says the hot spell has !
materially diminished the chances of good j
apricot and almond crops, but that there j
will be lair yields of other fruits unless [
something more destructive in the me- j
teorological line ■ sits the county.
The lack of feed for stock in the val- |
ley and thill lands is having a de- j
cldedly bad effect upon the Livermoro i
cream
The local Institution was closed down
on Wednesday morning, ami the new
management will seek other fields.
The mont skimming' station which
has been operated in connection with the
creamery has not been put in use this
season. Thirty-five thousand pounds of
milk was the daily average of the skim
mine station for April of last year. Farm
era of that section are moving their stock ;
over in the Corral Hollow country, where
the 'feed, though not in abundance, far
surpasses the ranges In the Altamont
hills.
Three weeks ago th« creamery had ■
elphteen patrons who furnished a. daily ■
average of 2.VW pounds of milk. Since then !
the number of patrons i>aa increased to \
twenty-two and the average daily amount
of milk has decreased to about 1700
pounds.
It can be readily seen that the cream
ery culd not long survive this condition
of affairs and unless a change for an in
crease of feed for the stock takes place
within the next two or three weeks, Liv
ermore Valley's creamery will remain ;
closed for the season of '98. '
OBJECTS TO THE
LITTLE PETITION
The Council Protests Against
Changing the Pierhead
Lines.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
■ Broadway, April 11
The City Council laid over indefinitely
to-night the ordinance calling for the
tion of freeholders to frame a new
charter.
The attempt to change the pWhend
lines, ed In The Call,
- ■ up by Mr. t'pton, who intro
• ::.g resolution:
Whereas, A petition has been filed and Is
now [,enMng bt-fore the Corps of Engineers.
U. S. A.. In Sail Francisco. C*l., seeking to
have moved landmark and pierhead lines In
the Oakland harbor, as established about Jive
years ac ■ by the Federal Government, the ef
fect of which chance would be to put new
pierhead lines and ail wharves and landings
•olely upon lands claimed by the Oakland
Water Front Company, leaving no free water
frontage or landing place under the control of
the public, as Is now the case under the de
cision of the Supreme Court of California, as
It now stands.
Resolved, That the City Council of the city
.of Oakland views the proposed change with
great alarm as against the public Interest,
against the growth of Oakland and the rights
of the city and the whole public: and this
Council does most strongly protest against any
change of pierhead lines, the effect of which
would be to limit wharves, docks, piers or
landing 1 places to territory claimed in private
Dwnenihlp, thus taking the dominion and con
trol of the city front out of the hands of the
public and putting it Into the hands of Indi
viduals or of a. private corporation organized'
for profit, and this Council protests against any
change of harbor lines, the effect of which
■would be to diminish the area of water front
now under public control.
. Resolved, That the City attorney be and he
Is hereby directed to appear (at the hearing
of fald petition) In rapport of this resolution,
and the special attorneys of the city In the
wat»r front litigation are requested to. appear
In the wm( way and oppose any change of
plerlln"?.
To the surprise of everybody the reso
lution created a warm debate. Brosna
han argued that the employment of the
city's special attorney would mean a
special fee. Mr. Hill denied this, and said
that the special counsel would be glad
of the opportunity to appear without any
fee. It was seen that the resolution was
not favorable to many, and after a warm
talk an attempt was made to suspend the
rules and pass the resolution forthwith.
This was defeated by a vote of 6 to 4,
Howe being absent. It tak.-s eight votes
to suspend the rules, so the resolution
went to the committee which meets next
Monday night. As the meeting in San
Francisco is set for next Monday morn-
Ing, Oakland will have no official repre
sentative in a matter that vitally con
cerns her progress.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 11. -Professor C. B.
Bradk-y lectured at the university this
afternoon on "The English Essay; its
i"Pin^nt and Some of Its Types."
Professor A. F. Lange is visiting high
the Fmithern part of the State.
iaor Frederick Slat.; left for the
south on a similar errand yesterday, and
Professor C. B. Bradley will leave to
morrow.
Farmers' institutes under the supervi
sion of the university agricultural depart
ment will be held to-morrow at St.
Helena. Friday and Saturday at Lodi, and
on the 21st. 22d and 23d inst. at Napa.
On fircount of the Maine disaster and
the threatened danger to the peace of the
nation. Paul Revere Council No. 2S, Jr.
O. v. A. M., of Berkeley, has indefinitely
postponed the entertainment and hop
which it had arranged to give next Fri
day night.
Free. 1 month' ■ treatment. New cure. Aathma,
cured ♦« «t*y cured. Dr. Gordin, in Pine «.
BUNDING NO
MORE ASSIGNEE
Judge Greene Ridicules
the Jupiter Mine
Scheme.
Its Stock Not Worth Wind to
Blow It Across the
Street.
Mrs. Ingalls' Attorneys May Now
Take Steps to Nullity •
Mortgage.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 11.
Charles F. Blanding is no longer as
signee of the estate of the insolvent Mrs.
Sarah T. [Bgalls. TWs morning he was
removed by Judge Greene and the court
gave more than a hint that Mr. Blanding
had looked out for himself at the ex
pense of his clients more than the law
generally tolerated.
For nearly a week the peculiar business
methods of Mr. Blanding have puzzled
JudgeGreene and Interested the attorneys
who tried to unravel them. One of the
pieces of evidence that seemed to impress
the .! . -Ing not quite proper was
that relating to the Jiono obtained from
Mrs. [ngalls in return for the mortgage
on her Berkeley property.
Mrs. [ngalls' attorneys asked Mr. Blan
ding why he did not incorporate the Jup-
Mining Company, and he replied that
he never had money enough to draw up
and file the articles of incorporation.
Blanding stated that he tried to sell the
note of Mrs. Ingalls for $1250, arW with
that money he Intended to file his papers
In Ti nnessee. He was then asked if it
were not a fact that he" had told some
body that he would use the money to float
an insurance society, and he did not sat
isfy them as to whether he had said so
or not.
In removing him as assignee Judge
Greene made a few remarks. He com
mented nither severely on the manner in
which Blanding had handled the affairs
of Mrs. Ingalls, and in conclusion suid:
"These certificates of the Jupiter Dark
Blue Shining Bright Consolidated Co:il
and Blue Gravel Mining Company (or
whatever its name is) were not recog
nized by her creditors; they were value
less: they were not worth the wind it
would take to blow them across the
street. The $3000, therefore, passed into
your hands without return. I am com
pelled to order your removal as assignee
and must remark that if you are innocent
you are innocent beyond your age."
It is probable that the attorneys for
Mrs. Ingails. having secured the removal
of Blar.dir.g- as assignee, will now at
tempt to have the mortgage set aside.
An Officer Not Guilty.
ALAMEDA, April 11.— The case of the
People vs. <'on«table Jerry Quinlan of
East Oakland, charged with disturhintr
the peace, was tried by jury before Jus-
Morris to-day. The jury brought in
a verdict of not guilty. Deputy l»istrict
Attorney Stetson conducted the prosecu
tion and Attorney C'hapmaji was counsel
• nse.
Quinlan was charged with disturbing
tho pear.- of ..ne Vincent of East Oakland.
A dog'ia-ht was being held in Yir.. •
blacksmith-shop, ajirt Quinlan endeavored
to stop the tight. Vincent swore to a war
rant charging Quinlan with disturbing
the peace.
WILL TAKE UP MORE ROOM.
Plans for Remodeling and Enlarging the Orpheum
in Accordance With Latest
Designs
The great popularity of the Orpheum with the theater-going public of
San Francisco has led the management to lay out plans for the remod
eling and enlarging of the present building, which will make it at once
one of the most commodious and best-equipped buildings In the country.
Gustav Walter returned Friday evening from a long tour of investigation
and Inspection and the result was that he at once set an architect at work
drawing plans for remodeling the structure.
The property adjoining the theater on the east, which was known as
"Three Fingered Jack's Place." comprising forty feet, will be added, giving
the building a frontage of 167 Vi feet on O'Farrell street. The annex will also
be completely remodeled. The bar will be run the full length of 125 feet
against the west wall, and a handsome arched doorway will lead into the
theater proper.
Probably the beet feature of the whole arrangement will be the new
Ftage. Instead of being directly opposite the O'Farrell street entrance it
will be placed in the southeast corner, after the fashion of Ronacher's
famous establishment in Vienna. This will leave every seat in the build
ing, even to the farthest corner, in a direct line with the stage, and the
view will be equally good from all parts of the house. This will also give
greater facilities for handling scenery, which is now the chief drawback of
the house. The present entrance will be used only as an exit, or in case
of fire, and a large and handsome entrance will be const ructed at the west
end of the building on O'Farrell street. This will be directly opposite the
stage. The new stage will be triangular in shape, and can readily be
made smaller or larger, according to the scenery used, without Interfering
with the view in the smallest degree.
The building will also be raised and two new galleries put in, which will
give the house a seating capacity of 6000. The house will be completely
refurnished with the most comfortable chairs obtainable, and will be fin
ished off in a style of simple and harmonious beauty.
The Orpheum circuit now includes San Francisco, Sacramento, Kansas
City. Los Angeles and St. Louis, and a new house will be opened in Omaha
early in the fall. Negotiations are also being made for housea in Chicago
and New York. With this enlorge-d circuit the management will be able
to put on a better class of productions than have ever been seen on this
coast.
The work of remodeling will be begun at once, and the theater will be
reopened at about the same time as the new house in Omaha. It Is not
expected that it will be necessary to close the house over two weeks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
LADY DULLER
IS NOT INSANE
Her Attorney Says That
Oakland Police Are
Hasty.
Her Ladyship Is Arrested in
West Oakland and Booked
as Deranged.
Ways of the British Aristocracy Are
Not Undarstood by Blunt
Caliiorniana.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
$M Broadway, April 11.
Lady Leilah Kirkham Yarde-Buller at
tended Judge Hall' 3 court this morning
t'> prosecute the litigation over the Kirk
ham estate, and this afternoon she was
arrested in West Oakland on a suspicion
of insanity.
For over a year some of her relatives
; living in this city have been of the belief
; that her ladyship was not of sound mind,
; but no occasion has arisen that would
; give them a valid reason for having her
: examined regarding her mental condition.
This afternoon Lady Yarde-Buller went
[ to Jackson's drug store in West Oakland
' and asked the clerk to order her carriage
to be sent for her. She talked very inco
i herently and behaved in such an excit-
I able manner that the proprietor of the
store concluded she was insane. He tried
to enter into conversation with her, but
she would give him no satisfaction be
, yond saying that she was a member of
the British aristocracy, had wealth In
plenty and would be much obliged if he
! would call up her carriage so that she
; might go home. Becoming convinced that
the lady was not responsible, the Keceiv
lng Hospital w;:s requested to take her
in charge, and Warden Kc-.iting now has
her in the insane department.
After her arrival at the hospital, \\ ar
' den Keating sent fur Dr. Wheeler, her
brother-in-law, told him of the circum
stances and asked him what he wished to
! have done. Dr. Whec-ler replied that he
had long been of the opinion that her
1 ladyship was not able to take care of her
self, and that it would probably be best
for her to be examined, and if found irra
tional to be taken care of.
The divorce proceedings of Mrs. Yarde-
Buller and the part she took in the liti
gation over the estate of her father, tho
late General Kirkham, have brought the
family into much prominence during the
past "three years. Various stories of the
doings of her ladyship nave been circu
lated, but only in the form of rumors,
! although on some occasions they seem
to have had some foundation. About a
year ago Lady Buller came from England
but did not announce her coming. It was
thought that a previous arrangement she
• had made with the other heirs of the
Kirkham estate had been entirely satis
factory and that her ladyship would
spend her fortune and pass the remainder
of her days in the west end of London.
This, however, was not so, and Lady
Ruller with her two sons, one of them a
• lieutenant in the British army, arrived at
the Hotel Metropole and announced that
they were not satisfied with her lady
ship's portion.
Another agreement was made, and for
a time her ladyship lived with an old
nurse in a little cottage on the edge of
; the marsh in West Oakland. It is not
known when her ladyship moved her
: residence from this city, but it is now
stated that she has been living for some
! time in a San Francisco hotel.
Upon being placed in the ward Mrs.
Yarde-Buller at once fell In a deep
sleep and her relatives and attorneys
were notified of her detention. To-mor
row morning she will be examined by
doctors who will decide whether her in
sanity be due to legitimate weakening of
the brain or to other causes.
Some time ago Lieutenant Blair, the
elder of Mrs. Buller's two sons, returned
to his regiment in England, and the
younger one remained with his mother.
E. H. Wakeman, Lady Yarde-Buller's
attorney, at whose home she has been
residing fnr the past six months, and her
son Arthur were at the hospital to-night.
Mr Wakeman was terribly put out be
cause his client was charged with insan
ity. "Why, she is no more insane than
you are," he said. "We were out late
iast night, and she drank pretty heavily.
To-day she got out and was boisterous.
The police dia not know her, and when
she asked them to call for her carriage
they thought, of course, she was in
sane. Why didn't they charge her with
drunkenness and lock her up until
her son or myself could be noti
fied. Then we could have taken
her home in a carriage. Now she must
be examined before she can leave this
place She will surprise the examiners
in the morning, for she will be all right
then. It is a wonder Oakland police don't
know a drunk when they see one."
Elections Come in the Spring.
OAKLAND, April 11.— The annual elec
tion for town officials was held in Em
eryville, Haywards, Pleasanton and San
Leandro. The polls opened at sunrise and
closed at 5 o'clock. While considerable
interest was manifest in most of the
places, there was no party strife, every
candidate being placed in the neld by pe
tition.
Emeryville was quiet, there being little
interest taken in the result. The vote
stood:
Trustees— "William Fleldwlek, 233: J. T. Doyle.
211; \V. 11. Christie. 232; Mrs. Smith, 33. Clerk
— J C Cobnrn. 21- . Mr. Pierce. 33. Treasurer—
C. G. May born, K3: James Billls. 62. Marshal
— J. T. Cushing, 231; no opposition.
At Haywarda the election resulted as
follows:
; Trustee?— John II Hnar, 164; T. S. Lee, 77:
A. 3. Powell, '-■:•; F.- J. Russell. 68; C. P. Van
liyke, 89. Town Marshal— W. J. Raniage, 236;
]■'" J. Bllvfc, •' C. I'ai>\-1. Clerk— J. A. Col
lins, 200; M. H. Teiniileton, 88. Treasurer— A.
K. Fischer, ZM; J. BmlTdo, 7. Library Trus
tee— Short term. E. O. Bennett. 2'"io; long term,
Charles Allen, 175; J. J. McDonnell, 169; R.
Reid, 210; (i. T"> ne, 145.
Pleasanton spent an exciting day, for
I besides their candidates they had three
specific propositions regarding public util
ities and taxep which created consider
able excitement, but all of them were
voted down. The returns are:
I Trustees-P. K. Elliott, 88; P. Kolb, 77: Frank
Lewis, 116; Henry Keimers, 121. clerk— J. H.
Xeal. 131 ; Pat uuinn. 76. Treasurer— E. L.
Benedict, 106; no opposition. Marshal— M. Don
nelly. 74: Xci Head. 133. For or against bond-
Ing the town to 1 rocur« llirht ami water, the
cost not to exceed fJO.OOO— T««, V<; no, US. For
or against Instituting a free public library-
Yes. 43; nr>, 181 For or against a merchants'
license— Yes, 75; n< , (7.
The San Leandro vote was:
Trustees— l. II Bepler, 163; A. B. Caxy. W;
J. A. Oaliet, 231; J. H. Garcia, 150. Clerk—
Antone Klriir. 19; L. J. Martin, 121: N. T.
Sturtevant, M; F. H. Williams, 147. Marshal —
M. li.Tge, ?4; M. Geisenhofer. 236; N. L. Han
sen, 71. Treasurer— Joseph Herrecher, 230; F.
Meyers, UL
DEMOCRATS DECRY
ONE-MAN POWER
Major Harney's General Com
mittee Outlines the Plans
of the Party
After Some Reflections on Another
Faction Primary Preliminaries
Were Arranged.
There was a large and enthusiastic
meeting of the general committee of the
local Democratic pa~ty in Pioneer Hall
last evening at which business of im
portance was transacted.
Major E. J. Harney, as chairman of the
meeting, in calling the 225 Who attended
to order, outlined the work before them.
In part he said:
You have assembled this evening as the legal
representatives of the Democratic party of
thia city for the consideration of matters af
fecting its welfare, and to make arrangements
fur the selecting of a new general committee,
in accordance with the provisions of the plan
iof the organization. The plan to which we
1 propose to conform was adopted in IS<*6, and in
tht.- same year it was approved by the Demo
cratic State Central Committee and also rati
fied by the Democratic State Convention, the
! highest authority within the Democracy of
, California. This general committee was elected
, by the Democratic voters of San Francisco
In accordance with this plan, and therefore
j tt stands to-day as the only body that can
legally claim to represent the Democratic vot
ers in this city and county.
! It is true there is another committee com
posed .if 110 members calling itself the Demo
cratic County Committee who claims to repre
' sent the Democratic party of San Francisco.
' This committee, as you are all aware, was
appointed by one man, who it would seem pre
sumes to hold In the hollow of his mighty
hand the destinies of the Democracy of San
Francisco, and at the same time this commit
i tee claimed by this man is posing before this
: city and State as antagonistic to the power of
polltloal boasiatn which is now, as it ever has
been, nothing more >>r less than one man power.
The law of nature makes it impossible for
the stream to rise higher than its source. A
■ a] committee appointed absolutely by one
man cannot seriously be regarded as a menace
to a political boss. The fundamental prin
• ciple underlying our Democratic faith is based
■ on the firm reliance in the sovereignty of the
voters. The voters of this republic constitute
the sovereign power of the nnti'n. and on the
; same principle the Democratic voters of San
1 Francisco have the right to outline their par
ty's policy and to name their representatives
in the executive council of its organization.
Major Harney then called attention to
i the fact that nothing would be approved
! but a fair, open primary, at which every
i Democratic voter will be given an oppor-
I tunity to vote, and be assured that hia
vote as cast would be counted.
J. A. Fenton then offerer! a set of reso
lutions, calling for the election of a new
general committee, which were adopted
almost immediately after their reading
by Secretary McGovern.
In substance the resolutions called for
j a primary election to be held on Monday,
April as, and calling for the election of
400 members, twenty-five from each As
sembly district; also that the enrollment
of Democratic voters should be held on
April 14, 15 and IS, between the hours of
7 and 10 a, m. It also called for the or
ganization of the various district clubs
I on April 20, and the election b,y roll-call
of a permanent chairman and secretary.
The resolution then told how the election
should be conducted.
At the conclusion of the reading a com
munication outlining the history of the
two factions was road and was listened
to with interest. The legality of the two
parties was touched on in an able man
ner, wnieh led every one to believe that
the paper was prepared by a lawyer. It
was laid on the table.
A recess was then taken to allow the
representatives of each district an oppor
tunity to determine where the places for
enrollment in their several districts
should be held. Their selections were
ratified and will appear in Wednesday's
Call.
The chairman of the general committee
has power to appoint a committee of
three in each district to supervise the en
rollment, but his selections are not to be
members of the present general com
mittee.
The campaign committee of twenty will
hold a meeting this evening at its head
quarters, in room 34. Baldwin Hotel.
Woodsum Not a Candidate.
OAKLAND. April 11.— George C. Wood
sum of Berkeley, who was formerly a
deputy under County Clerk Jordan, says
he is not a candidate for any office and
does not expect to be. A ffw months ago
Mr. Wood sum caused it to be understood
that he would be a candidate for County
Clerk, but he now declares he has aban
doned all such Intention.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, April 11.— Rev. E. R. Dille,
D.D., will give an illustrated lecture of
the civil war under the auspices of Lyon
Post No. 8, G. A. R., and Relief Corps
No. 6, Tuesday evening at Loring Hall.
There will be patriotic songs and recita
tions by well known amateurs.
The Unitarian Sunday-school Orchestra
will give a concert Tuesday evening In
the lecture room of the church.
The: fac-rimile ., .' ; ■'.- si? ■ : s**TT m *r~ U on every wrapper
signature of yM^yf^&&SHl . of CABTOEIA.
TRIP TO THE
TENDERLOIN
Hoyt's "Stranger" Is the
Thirstiest Play Ever
Written.
Th« Strange Adventures of
Mr. Pascoe at the
Alcazar.
Another Morosoo Melodrama — Con
tinuances at the Other Play
houses.
This time our genial friend, Charles
Hoyt, has forsaken the small suburban
settlement with its modest delights and
dissipations and has hied him to New
York, and written a farce about the
great metropolitan tenderloin. And —
sad to tell — he has written not in satire,
but in glorification. Hoyt, our
one hope, our comic antidote
for a nation's sins, has evolved
a piece with the largest capacity for
cocktails, wine and "wow!" that is yet
on record. I have seen "Ten Nights in
a Barroom," "Drink," New York Casino
"reviews" and many plays that could
hold their own in the consumption of
strong fluids — but this piece, "A Stran
ger in New York," is the limit. It is a
dramatic tank. It drinks from the rise
of the first curtain until the drop of
the last; it swims, splashes, soaks in
it, until your brain grows dizzy and
your chair reels. I prefer Mr. Hoyt in
a more temperate mood, when he
shouts less and says more. The fun
of this piece depends wholly on its rat
tle and glitter and thirst; there is lit
tle observation in it and none of the
good natured satire that is usually the
best part of a Hoyt play— in fact, the
author seems frankly enamored of the
tenderloin, and for three acts he paints
it an inflammatory red.
Such plot as comes to the surface is
this: The "stranger," after picking up
a letter of introduction, delivering it to
the person addressed, and being wel
comed with all sorts of brotherly love
and libation is led off to the French
ball, the host under the impression that
he is entertaining the man in whose be
half the letter was written. The man
who has lost the letter becomes the
victim of a practical joke of his own
which sends him to a pesthouse. He
escapes and comes to the ball, where he
is compelled to assume a spurious
name, while the "stranger" enjoys the
wine, the glory and the girls. There is
a bit of side plot in the victim's wife,
who employs a detective to discover
her husband at the ball — but it is only
incidental and very trivial.
The action and interest are centered
in the phenomenal thirsts and capaci
ties of the stranger and his compan
ions. The ball scene, or rather a room
in the Madison Square Garden on the
night of a ball, takes up the last two
of the three acts, exploiting specialties
between drinks. Joseph Coyne, a young
man of great lengths and limbernesses,
extravagantly mobile countenance and
considerable magnetism, plays tha
"stranger," with finished tenderloin as
surance, and sings several songa with
entertaining humor. Charles Dungan
does all that any one could do for the
"host."
This is not the original New York
cast, but it includes Anna Boyd, Ca
mille Cleveland, Minnie Bridges, Harry
Rogers, Sam Marion and John Dudley,
who certainly do not make the play out
to be any less than it really is. In
fact both Mr. Hoyt and the company
do the tenderloin to its very rarest.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Alcazar.
When Eddie Poy essayed to portray the
"Strange Adventures of Miss Brown" in
the play of that name no one accused him
of being a good female impersonator, nor
will any one accuse William H. Pascoe,
who plays the part in the present Alcazar
production, of appearing anything but
male. Mr. Pascoe's masculinity is more
positive than his humor, but the good
work of Mrs. Bates. Wallace Shaw and
Gertrude Foster does a lot to make the
performance a go.
Morosco's.
The patrons of Morosco's were enter
tained last night by an elaborate melo
drama, "The Pavements of Paris," In
which the regular company did its usual
reliable work and La Petite Lund Intro
duced several little special .es, besides
appearing advantageously in the part of
Marie. The scenes are more than aver
agely good, especially the on© of Paris
by moonlight.
Tivoli.
"Sinbad the Sailor" has been whipped
into smoother shape, and is good for a
long run at the Tivoli.
Columbia.
"Shore Acres" has all of this week at
the Columbia, after which Mr. Herne's
popular picture play gives way to Marie
Jansen in "Delmonico's at Six."
California.
Edward Harrlgan in "Old Lavender"
was greeted by another large audience
last night, and promises to make out a
profitable week at the California,
Orpheum.
Hyde's Comedians furnish the best all
round vaudeville show that has been seen
at the Orpheum In half a year.
Music Notes.
Little Paloma Schramm, the remark
able child pianist, gave a little impromptu
performance in the Sherman & Clay Hall
yesterday morning for a small invited
audience of musicians and critics. She
played several standard pieces of more or
less difficulty with amazing fluency and
understanding, and extemporized on sev
eral themes that were written out for
her. The child is not yet 9 years old,
and promises to make a sensation at the
recitals to be given in the Sherman &
Clay Hall to-mormw and Friday after
noons and Thursday evening.
The sale of seats for the Melha-Dam
rosch-Ellls season of opera commences
Thursday morning at the California. The
prices range from $7 to $2.
The first of two benefit concerts to be
tendered the young violinist. Marino, comes
off to-morrow night at the Sherman &
Clay Hall.
Chutes.
The animals, their tamers, Ohiquita and
a vaudeville show in the free theater are
to be found out at the end of Haight
street.
Hartman En Route.
Ferris Hartman left New York for San
Francisco last night, accompanied by the
company which he will rehearse for "The
Purser," the English farce, which appears
at the Baldwin on the 25th inst.
A Bond Election for a Park.
OAKLAND, April 11.— The City Council
to-night passed an ordinance calling for
a bond election to purchase the Adams
Point property, but no date is set.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, April 11.— Mrs. Mary A.
Laverty rii^l last evening at her home,
2254 Clinton avenue. She was a native of
Canada and 54 years of a^e.
The opera "lolanthe" wili be given on
\\ ednesday and Thursday evenings of
this week at Armory Hall, by a company
of amateurs who have been well drilled
and will probably give a good perform
ance.
There were only twenty-five visitors at
the Free Library yesterday during the
three hours that the place was open. The
belief is gaining ground that it would be
a good idea to have the library closed
altogether on Sunday.
The feature of the meeting of tho Uni
tarian Club Wednesday evening will be a
talk by ex-Congressman Stunner on "A
Trip to England and a Few Glances at
English Facts and Folks."
It is in contemplation by the parish of
Christ Church to erect a building
adjoining the present church which
will be adapted to meetings of various
kinds, it is proposed to have an assem
bly hall, rector's study, guild and class
rooms, kitchen, etc. Plan? have been
prepared and will be discussed at the
annual meeting this evening.
EDWARDS DAVIS
MAKES ANSWER
His Scathing Arraignment of
Those Who Belittle
Him.
OAKLAND, April 11.— following
self-explanatory letter was received to
day from Rev. Edwards Davis regarding
the Central Christian Church affair:
PACIFIC GROVE. Cal.. April 11, 1898.
Noticing in the Sunday issue of the papers
a statement of the deficiency of the funds of
the Central Christian Church, with which my
name Is associated, I beg to express at this
first opportunity my denial of any compromis
ing action. I am not surprised that the mani
fest littleness of my successor has accordingly
lessened the receipts of the congregation. If
there is a deficiency now, I am confident there
was no discrepancy in my accounts with the
treasurer. Upon my resignation I submitted
to the officers of the church a financial state
ment which was accepted, and voluntarily a
motion was made and addressed by the clerk
to me, commending me in its fairness.
As for Mr. H. E. Mnglll, referred to, I can
but in justice to him express my confidence in
his exactness as an accountant. In the be
ginning of my successor's pastorate in our
denominational journals and private letters, I
have besought the blessing of God upon his
labors. The effort of Mr. Sawyer to detect a
deficiency on my V part la only accountable in
his humiliation at realizing his incompetency
in meeting the expectations and requirement
of such a congregation. His prejudiced refer
ences to his predecessor has resulted In the
disgust and departure of many of the mem
bers, resignations from the officers and an
alienation of the former attending non-mem
bership.
As for Deacon Dodson, such a degree has
been conferred since my regime, I am not sur
prised at any such statement from him that I
had retained money belonging to the church.
He has not entertained a warm feeling for fel
lowship for me since having borrowed the small
sum of $5. which for the past six months he has
been unable to repay, nor am I surprised at any
statement from Mr. Metcalf, especially since
I have recently insisted on the payment of
money borrowed to the extent of ?26, due for
some six months past. .1 absolutely deny any
deficiency in my deliverance of funds to the
church or discrepancy in my accounts there
with. I have no alteration to make to my ac
cepted report. If the two officers ment'oned
will meet the deficiency in their accounts they
can more conscientiously attempt to dis
cover deficiency in mine. If the church de
sires any further communication It would be
better for Its welfare to express itself through
its officiary rather than through the press. Its
statements should be specific and not am
biguously general. Regretting the manifest lit
tleness that has brought low a work which I
have devoted years of sacrifice and Interest. I
am, EDWARDS DAVIS.
■ ♦ ■
KELLER ON WAR ISSUES.
If Trouble Must Come Business In
terests Demand Prompt
Action.
OAKLAND. April 11.— M. J. Keller re
turned from one of his semi-annual visits
to Chicago and New York to-day. He
faid both cities were considerably excited
over the threatened war. He thinks the
business element is most conservative. Ha
said:
"These interests think that It would be
better to find a peaceable way out of
the present complications If it can be
done with honor. If war must be, they J
Will bf» in favor of meeting it with vig-or. ■
War is better than indefinite suspense.
The war agitation naturally retards en
terprises and investment.
"Business, however, throughout the
East is better than it has been, and in
some sections of the country wholesalers !
report largely increased orders. That is i
particularly true from the great wheat !
belts in Kansas and lowa and the Da
kotas."
Great Benevolences.
In the large cities of the United States the
condition of the metropolitan poor Is constantly
being ameliorated by the grand benevolences of
wealthy people. Sanitary reforms are fre- ;
quently suggested and carried out with earnest
ness and Intelligence. Among sanitary reforms
those produced by Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
in dyspeptic stomach, disordered liver, bowels
or nervous system are very conspicuous.
y^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jU»«*4« *'*"*"* KEAB " V * T - Established
Hr]f*jHaln 1*54 for tJietrestmentnf Pri/ata
fHi.Jify. MBEf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Tfffi'Bfffflirr' 1 -" —-* — L- ' — 1 mil i ill i
üBDnB skin Diseases. Thpdoctorcureswhpti
'■:!.■' full. Try him. Chorees low.
/^■MShHI «'ur«'» £tiar:int<-<- J. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. F. ».I It tO.N. Box 1037. San Francisco.
SCHOOLLOTTD LEASE
Office of the Board of Education. City Hall.
San Francisco, April 5, IS9S. Sealed proposals
will be received in open session of the Board
of Education, City Hall, on WEDNESDAY.
April 13, 1898, from 3 to 3:30 o'clock p. m.,
for leasing from the said board the school lot
on the corner of Fourth and Clara streets, with
the improvements thereon. Bidders are re-
quested to state what amount of rent .they
propose to pay monthly, during ■ period of 5
years, and also what amount they propose to
pay monthly during a period of 10 years. Each
prop sal must be accompanied by a certified
chcvk in the sum of two hundred and fifty
(s2."iO> dollars, made payable to the order of
the sefretary of the Board of Education, con-
ditioned that if the proposal be accepted and
the lease granted, and If the bidder shall fail
or neglect to sign the lease and Rive a reason-
able bond for the faithful performance of the
terms thereof, within 10 days after the lease
is granted, then and in that case the said
check shall be forfeited to the said Board of
Education. The board reserves the right to
reject any and all bids, as the public good
may require. The party to whom the lease is
granted will he required prior to or at the time
of the execution of the lease to pay the cost
of advertising this notice. Any additional In-
formation required will be furnished at the
office of the Board of Education.
CHAS. W. WELCH. Secretary.
000000000000000000
•«f« PALACE wj
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
**• Connected by a covered passatreway. "
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
O " NOTE THE PRICES: O
g\ European Plan. 91. OO per day and upward ft
** American Plan. B3. 00 per day and upward w
O Correspondence Solicited. ©
O JOHN C. KIRSFATBICE, Manager. O
000000000000000000
nCAENESS& HEAD NOISES CURED
■It Jlf i«*tantly. Our IN VISIBLE TUBE I .-:,....,
■»■■■ ■■ help when all else fails, at prlanseg help eye*.
Self-adjustine. NoPaln. WhiKjvrsl»>ard. 'Send to
V. Illuoil'o., BfiS irw»T. "(.V.. fur 8001 l mid I'roofs I
WONG WOO,
P^P CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'fejP; I ':'• SANITARIUM,
\pr^»4. 776 CLAY ST., San Truieiiee, C»l.
■^vBPSv9 All diseases cured excluslve-
T#sl»H?.*lfi* ly by Chinese herbs, over 8000
'Vmiiidim^* varieties hems used. ADVICE
FREE. Hours. 31:30 to U a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7to
»P..m. .. ••- ?■>). ;. ■--.* ' : :- ■ - '- f->j.-;f ->j.-;
AUCTION SALES.
KILLIP & CO.,
Live Stock and General Auctioneers,
11 MONTGOMERY ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
£s thisTday, £a
Tuesday April 12. 1898.
AT 10 A. M., AT
Saiesyard, Cor. Van Ness Aye, and Market St.
IMPORTANT SALE
—OF—
90 BEAD HIGH-BRED ROADSTERS
(Mares and Geldings) from three to five years
old, thoroughly broken, by the following well-
known . sires: DEXTER PRINCE. CUPID.
DEXTERWOOD, WHIPS, AZMOOR, TRU-
MAN, etc. Among these are a number of well-
matched teams, very handsome and speedy. ■
These horses were the property of DAN M ■-
("ARTY, and are In prime condition, thorough-
; ly seasoned for road work. We will also sell
twenty head of first-class Team and Work
Horses, from 1500 to ISOO pounds, young ani-
mals, thoroughly broken and well-matched.
Horses now at yard.
KILLIP & CO., Auctioneers,
■ • 11 Montgomery st.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
The Famous Author Actor,
EDWARD HARRIGAN,
And a Select Company, Presenting His Mas-
terpiece.
"OLD LAVENDER."
Up to and Including next Sunday.
Prices I>. ISC, 5iV. Tod
A good reserved seat on lower floor 50c.
EXTRA-
three NIGHTS— ApriI 19, 21 and 23.
GRAND OPERA IN ITALIAN!
Walter Damrosch and Charles Ellis have the
honor to announce the premiere and only ap-
pearance of the pre-eminent "QUEEN OP
SONG," MADAME
..MELBA..
Supported by the
DAMROSCH-ELUS GRAND OPERA CO.
Repertoire— Tues., "Traviata"; Thurs., "Tha
Barber of Seville," and Sat., "Lucia."
Prices $7. $6. $5. $4. $3. $2; boxes $40
Sale of boxes and seats opens THURSDAY.
Note.— Non-resident orders will be filled In
routine at conclusion of local sale and must
be paid for by Friday.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A HIT.
A GREAT 810 HIT.
A TREMENDOUS HIT.
HOYT'S NEW PLAY.
A STRANGER
IN NEW YORK.
Coming— PURSL-.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK-MR. JAMES A.
. • . HERNE . • .
In His Original Creation of
NATHANIEL BERRY.
In His Beautiful Comedy Drama,
"SHORE *\GRES.'»
Direction Henry C. Miner.
Next Monday— MAßlE JANSEN.
In "DELMONICO'S AT SIX."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Magnificent Spectacular Production of the
Great French Drama,
PAVEMENTS
OF
PARIS!
GRAND TABLEAUX— BATTLE OF FOR-
BACH, FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR— PARI3
BY MOONLIGHT— THE FAMOUS PONT
NEUF— THE RIVER SEINE — EXCITING
PARISIAN TYPES— CLEVER COM-
EDY.
EVENING PRICES, 10c, 25e. 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY;
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Eb.vesttxe Krzling. Proprietor & Manasrar
THIS EVENING—
EVERYTHING NEW AND UP-TO-DATE.
Our Spectacular Easter Burlesque.
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
A SUPERB CAST— BEAUTIFUL SCENERY.
ENTRANCING BALLETS.
List to "The Bogie Man," "That's Nothing,
That's Nothing at All."
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
Extraordinary Easter Week Bill.
That Strongest of Traveling Vaudeville Com-
binations,
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS: HELEN
MORA. Renowned Barytone: McINTYRE &
HEATH. Black Face Comedians; WILLIAMS
& WALKER, The Real Colored Boys; CHAS
R. SWEET, the Piano Tramp; THORNS &
CARLTON, Comedy Sketch Artists; LAFAY-
ETTE, Fantastic Mimic; AJAX, the Flexible
Marvel.
Reserved seats, 2."> c; Balcony 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
ALCAZAR. 3&
SHE HAS CAUGHT THE TOWN.
The Best Farce-Comedy Yet.
THE STRANGE
ADVENTURES
OF MISS BROWN
AS FUNNY AS "CHARLEY'S AUNT."
Prices 15c. 25c. 3.V and 50c.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
More Excilim Than War News!
The Show of the Century Is Given at the
ZOO IN THE CHUTES.
"WALLACE, the Untamable Lion," sub-
dued by Captain Cardono, and attractions
without number.
Animals trained from 10 to 2.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11:30 p. m.
10c to All. including Zoo. etc.: Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
THE PASSION PLAY.
Successfully Reproduced With LIFE-MOV-
ING PICTURES. .
AttheY.M.C.A.HALL,
EVERY AFTERNOON and EVENING, at 2:15
and 8:15.
Admission, 25c; children. 15c; reserved seats,
50c. Afternoons all seats 25c and 15c.
HI VMPIA I Corner of Miion »nd
ULlmnJt I Eddy SUMU.
America's most beautiful Music Hall.
GRAND EASTER BILL; MANDOLA. master
of equipoise: ELL WOOD, female impersona-
tor; CARLTON SISTERS, Trilby dancers;
TUNISON, operatic star; INEZ & ANTOIN-
ETTE and others. House heated. Admission
free.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO. HALL.
MATINEES APRIL 13 AND 15— EVENING OF
APRIL 14.
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM.
The Phenomenal Child Planiste.
Seats Now on Sale, $1; Children, 50c.
{RACING! RACING! RACING!
-—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting. 1597-9 S. Beginning MONDAT.
April 4. to April 16 Inclusive.
. OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY, AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.——
Ferry boats leave San Francisco nt 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the tracK at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m., and Immediately after the last race.
.. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILRO V, Secretary.
18
DULL SPORT
AT THE TRACK
Oeturuck Finally Man
aged to Win at Re
munerative Odds.
Sweet Cakes Finished Ahead
of the Warm Favorite,
Saintly.
Don Clarenclo Downed Hia Field
Easily Threo Choice* Ahead
at the Wir«.
There was very little doing in the
plunging line with bettors at Oakland
yesterday. After Saturday's shaking up
it will t;ike a few days fur the market to
regain Its usual settled stale. The crowd
was not large and the card was a Bpeokled
one. At that, lirst choices about held
their own. taking three purses.
The longest priced winner was Louis
Ezell's Octuruck. The chestnut gelding
has been played as "cherry ripe" on Bev
eral different occasions, but somehow or
other ;U?<> forgot to bring home the coin.
In the fourth event the ring laid 12 t<> 1
about him, and he led from the first
jump, stepping off the mile In lAV?. Pig
gott brought Bonito, the favorite, up in
time, to get the place from rule.
A very cheap herd of platers started in
the opening six furlong sprint, and, hav
ing ;nl tlie speed of the party Sport Mc-
Allister, wiili llenr.os.--y up, won by him-
The old sprinter went over to the
post a 7 to in choice, but after there had
t >• -<ti a couple of false breakaways 7 to
6 was obtainable. Stentor took the place
from Miss Kuth.
Kit: lonian Kros. took the mile and a
quarter selling purse with Don Clarenclo.
The warm weather thawed out the rheu
matic joints of the chestnut horse, and
the crowd backed him down in the books
from twos to 6 to .">. The Dragon made
the pace for nearly a mile, when Spencer
sent the Don out and he won with ease.
The Dragon managed to la.st long enough
to down Peter the Second a head for the
■
Saintly, the 1 to 3 favorite for the two
ye&T-old scramble ; eted very badly at
the post, but Ferguson finally managed
to set him away. Mis 120 pounds anchor
ed iiirn. however, and in a drive the last
part Sweet Cakes X"i the verdict by a
scant half-length in 4i* seconds. The win
ner was :; ti« 1 in tho ring.
In the seven furlong selling run, fifth
on th»> card. Sou: tie. Mercutio and Sum
mertime gave Ferguson a good time at
the post by their antics, Mercutio finally
being left. Midlight, the post favorite,
with Mclntyre up. was out in the lead
all the way and won by nearly half a doz
en lengths. Wheel of Fortune came fast
from the paddock on, leading Summer
time out for second place.
Ab Stemler's mare Scotch Rose was
heavily played to defeat a large collection
of speed In the concluding five furlong
spin, but stopped a.s usual, finishing in
the show. Away first, the Burns & Wa
terhouse tilly. Miss Rowena, showed her
heels to the bunch, winning easily from
'i i Friend. The winner was 7 to 1
in the betting.
THACK NOTES.
Patrons of the races were unable to get any
thing in the way of liquid refreshments at the
track yesterday, the bar being closed on ac
count of l<*:al elections.
The well-known horseman Dan McCarty will
hold a disposal sale of high-bred roadsters to
morrow forenoon at the sales yard of Klllip &
Co., Market street and Van Ness avenue. All
are thoroughly broken and the get of such
well-known sires as Dexter Prince, Cupid,
Whips. Azmoor and Truman.
Seventeen bookmakers were doing business in
the ring after the cut in.
The grand jubilee pyrotechnical banquet ten
dered by Henry Shields to his fellow riders on
Saturday evening last caused a temporary
thinning out among the knights of the pigskin.
Thorpe, Clayton, "Skeets" Martin and "mine
host" Shields were not present at the track
yesterday.
Although beaten. Saintly showed to be a colt
above the average. He was carrying 120
pounds and stepped the last quarter In 24
seconds.
The Kittleman Rros. were fortunate In head
ing off two purses, Don ciaren'-io and Midllght
each scoring a touchdown. The senior mem
ber of the firm. Marley, was formerly a foot
racer, well remembered in these parts.
Don Clareneio Is a half-brother to Miss
Rowena.
Spencer piloted two winners In clever fashion.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
/CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -Oakland Track-T3Sth day of the
Winter Meeting. Monday. April 11, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
OO| FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; pane, $300.
:.!
Vm.
573 Sport McAllister, 6.114 3
M 7 Btentor, 4 108 4
*>73 Miss Ruth. 6 109 2
573 -Walter J. 5 114 1
573 AttlcUS, 4 108 7
869 Durward, 4 108 6
803 Oeorce Palmer. 4... 11 l 5
573 Mount Roy, a 111! •
573 Peacador. a 117 •
1 2
2 4
4 h
5 4
7
I 1
6 1
1 3
2 4
6 2
4 2
fi 3
3 h
7
1 3
2 1
6 h
3 4
6 4
4 1
7
1 5 i
22 j
3n
4 1
5 3 I
6 15
riennessy ....
SPiggott
Enos
Q. Wilson....
IMooney
4-5
4
10
8
15
10
15
8
15
1
5
9
8
12
15
40
15
30
Spencer
iKerrln
Huiz
Shepard
•Left
Time, 1:16. Winner. A. Smith's eh. h. by Imp. Friar Tuck-Twilight,
easily. Second and third driving. Two recalls.
Fair start.
Won
CQQ SECOND RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
00-Z« purse, $300.
Index. Hones. Weight. I St. Std. »im. «m. %NT Sti\ Fin. I Jockeys, ]Op. O.
S7l Don (iarenrio. 4...1W 1
717 The Dragon, E ion) 5
71." Peter the Second. 6.113 6
X"4 Twinkle Twlnk, 4..107 1 3
S2« Sir Dllke. 6 1 1
v 4. Little Cripple, a 110] 7
740 Rebekah. 4 107 S
g7J Glad Eyes. 4 W7 2
4 h
1 2
7 h
5 1
2 1%
r. 114
8
3 3
4 Vi
1 1
7 1
6 v,
2 ] *j
5 h
8
I M
1 h 1 2H
2 I<4 2 3
fi h 6 5
3h 3 h
4h * \
52 6 h
7 10 7 30
8 8
1 3
2 2
5 2
3 h
4 »i
6 5
7 35
8
1 2
2 h
8 h
4 h
5 2
6 6
7 40
8
ioprace»
IPigsott
[Freeman
IGouin
'Downs
Henneasy ....
W. Toyior....
iMooney
2
10
3
6
3
6
20
40
6-6
12
6
12
3
8
100
100
Time. 2:OS\. Winner, Kittleman Bros.' eh. h. by Surinam-Imp. Paloma.
Won eas'.np up. Second an<l third driving. One recall.
Good start.
883.
THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; t
H rses
eight.
1 !
S7O Sweet «'akea in;' 1
(S"3) Saintly 120 3
<T,3 Primavera 104 2
... Flmi I' l -' 5
* ■-. i ('Connor »j 4
... Merops 1021 6
1 hi
2 1
3 2
5 2f>
2 4
1 4
S 2
5 40
4 1
6
1 4 [Spencer
2 2 Clawson
3 r. H. Brown
4 14 Ruiz
640 Cray
6 Holmes
2 13-5
1-2 2-5
6 15
20 U
10 100
20 100
Tlm». :49. Winner, T. <J. Ferguson's b. f. by Prince Royal-imp. Under Crust,
start. Won first thn»e driving. One recall.
Good
CCA FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
<W Or-kturuck 9011 1 li 11 11V4 11% 11 IHolmes U
S7fi Bonito 111.3 fiM, 2h 31 2h 2ns 1
M 2 Yule KM 2'a 34 2h 3h 31 (Woods «
ST> Tl..lii->nli-'hp X I 8 S 6 2 6 4 Fi 4 4 2 IClawson «
S.M T»nilv P.:u-inp Form.mi' 7 7 3 ,r., r . 1 B'4 4 h 5 1 lOray 6
BM P A. Flnnesran 1051 S 3h 41 4h 62 640 IRuiz 12
758 Scintillate Mv <\ 414 72 S 1 M 73. IDevln 30
f.r,2 Ty(.n.-i Marie 861 5 M$ s 7 5 8 8 [Sttmson
Time, l:41' r . Winner. T^. H. Ezell's eh. g. by Rio Bravo-Johanna. Good start,
all out. Second a ti<l third driving.
12
1
6
6
6
12
30
60
2 S
1 3-2
fi 9-2
6 4
6 10
2 30
0 50
0 i.".0
Won
I
3-2
9-2
4
in
30
50
©OHE FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Konea Weight St. Hnv 4m. \m. Str Fin. ] Jockeys \Op.
retgblr etgb1
868 Mldllpht. 4 981 2
*r,O Wh. of Fortune. 6.. M 1
MS Summertime. 4 W\ 5
574 Pea Spray, « 102! 4
(JK7 Tiie Plutocrat, 4 951 6
r,TA Souffle. 5 SSI 3
«14 Alvero. 5 Ml 7
848 Mercutlo. 4.... 104] «
2 1
5 h
4 1
1 n
7
6 1
s>/4
1 h
3 h
4 1
6 1
7
1 3
S3
2.H
5 2
2 *
6 1
1 4
4 1
2 1
r. 2
3 14
« S
7
15
2 2
3 1,4
4 n
5 4
« 8
7
|Mrlntyr» ....
| Woods
Clawson ... .
McDonald ...
Irvine
Oray
IWalnright ...
[Brown
5 11-5
6 j 13-5
1 5-2
30 40
6 12
6 10
40 100
10 12
• Left.
Time 1 I^. Winner, Kittleman Bros.' br. m. hy Imp. Midlothian-Electric I^lg-ht.
start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Three recalls.
onn SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; gelling;
1; purse, $400.
856 Mis« Rowena, 3. ....104 1
(842) Good Friend. 3...:..104 2
ROl Scotch Rose, 4 1111 4
Ml Blarney Stone. 8... 109! 8
842 Valencienne. 3......101 9
875 Floronsn, 3 103 (10
838 Prompto. 3..... 98 5
KM ai Koran, 3 104! 7
775 Don Luis, 3...: 10116-
V.3 Lo I». 5 114] 3
782 Defiant, 3 94!11
2 3
8 '4
1 h
63
C 4
9 5
8 1
■ -7 I'"'
10 2
4 1
11
1 1
3 4
2 h
5 4
4 h
6 4
82
• 1 1
9
10
11
1 2 IWpods
2 2 IH. 8r0wn....
3 h ! Snencer
4 h !Henneusy
6 2 I Gray
6 h ITVirsey
7 h IMclntyre
8 4 IClawson
9 IRuiz
10 !R. Narvaez...
M IHarrlgran
4
2
2 9-
8 ]
10
10
10 J
20 4
40 (
20 ;
100 jf
Time 101 Winner, Burns ft Wat^rhouse's b. f. by Imp. Midlothian-Imp. Paloma. Fair
■tart. Woo easily. Second eaellj. Third driving.
He can easily beoome a big favorite with the
race-going public.
The entries of Pescador and Mercutio will be
refused in future. Both are fearfully bad
actors at the post.
Simi was touted as a good thing, but got up
against too fast company.
Two or three books a trifle out of line laid
as good as 8 to 1 against Wheel of Fortune.
Valencienne had speed to burn In her race,
but was badly pocketed, getting out when It
■was too late.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Rare — One-half mile; maiden two-year
olds: Felling.
47S Llmatus 95 ; 864 Ocorona 98
863 Beautiful Girl.. 95 563 Gold Fin 112
613 Uhler 1041 730 Distance 98
The Fretter l'W: 563 ("rossmolina — 95
PIP Phrysalis 95 1 724 Oanace 95
Sb.l Owyhee 107; ... Abano WO
!>6S Hly 104 i 863 Zacatosa 98
563 Faversham 9S] £63 Rainier 101
Second Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; Belling.
BS3 O'Connor 103! 711 Malay 103
577 Leo Vertner ...100 : 870 Bnnewor 100
Third Rare— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward.
822 Huntsman 106 ...Royal Spirit ...109
68 Apto 101 ?">0 Joe Mussle 111
874 Wm. Pinkertnn.lll 86? Olivia I'M
873 Roy Carruthers.lo3 K69 Zaraida 101
S'*l Eakins 11l 740 Mount Air 106
560 Red Spinner ...108 722 Springfield l'W
... Loch Ness 106 869 Bobbins 103
740 Ida H 1091
Fourth Race— One mile; four-year-olds and
upward: selling.
*7" Amelia F0n50...103t 871 Rev del Tierra..lo4
S6O Newsgatherer ..105 762 Treachery 103
M 9 Rubicon 118 1 861 Claudiana 94
lS79>McLight 10S
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth mile«; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
"RRS Balllster 881 BSO Robatr 106
S6S Magnus 75; 756 Morinel 101
872 Watoniba 95 ' SfiS Dukr York 11.. SI
872 Plan 911 S4fi Whistle Bird ... 98
(882) Don Clarenclo... 1W 758 Loumont 81
857 Claudius 103 758 Rosa 81
86! I'."nnie lone :.. 86 741 Los Prietos 96
Sixth Race— Seven-eights of a mile; three
year-olds and upward.
Ron St. Calatine 95! 780 Oddson 105
R7S Fonsovannah ...icy R7f Libertine 114
(S7s)Midlan 105 SC lon Gara 114
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Znratosa, Rainier, Bly.
Second Race — Banewor, Leo Vertner. Malay.
Third Race— Eakins, Loch Ness, Zaraida.
Fourth Race— McLlght, Newsgatherer, Rubi
con.
Fifth Race— Plan, Morinel, Don Clarenclo.
Sixth Race— Fonsovannah, Libertine, Mldian.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks ranged about the name yester
day, with an ordinary business.
The Best & Belchor, Hale & Norcross and
Occidental assessments fall delinquent in of
fice to-day.
Trading on the Bond Exchange was lighter
than usual and prices were not over firm.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are as
follows: Consolidated California and Virginia,
1560 level— From north drift skirting along the
footwall from the incline upraise, at a point
ITS feet on the stope above this level. 150 feet in
from Its mouth, east crosscut No. 2 has been
advanced 17 feet, passing through porphyry
showing clay separations; total length, 57 feet.
From the Incline upraise No. 1 at a point 112
feet above the sill floor of this level, from the
south drift at a point 300 feet In from its
mouth, near the end of the east crßsscut, a
south drift opposite the north drift has been
advanced 8 feet, passing through quartz from
which we have extracted 12 tons, assaying, per
mine car sample*. $37 44 per ton. 1650 level—
From Incline upraise No, 1, at a point 60 feet
above the sill floor of this level, from the south
drift skirting along the footwall at a point 178
feet in from its mouth, from the top of the up
raise which has been carried up 49 feet from
the south drift 103 feet in from Its mouth, the
upraise has been carried up 8 feet, passing
through quartz and porphyry assaying $1 per
ton; total height, 81 feet. From the old east
crossscut on the sill floor of this level, at a
point 93 feet In from its mouth, from the up
raise carried up 21 feet from the west drift 36 \
feet in from its mouth, the south drift has j
been advanced 13 feet, passing through quartz !
showing narrow streaks and bunches of ore; j
total length. 23 feet. From the upraise 15 feet j
above the floor of this level we have worked ]
north along the east drift in quartz showing ;
narrow streaks of ore. From these last men- ]
tioned places we have extracted from narrow
streaks and bunches 45 tons of ore, assaying,
per mine car samples, $39 15 per ton. We have
also extracted from these openings 24 tons of !
low-grade ore; the samples taken from cars I
when raised to the surface was $13 79 per ton.
1750 level On the eleventh floor north from
the top of the upraise from the north drift
40 feet in from its mouth, from the east drift
at a point 26 feet in from its mouth from the
end of the north drift, the east drift has
been advanced 6 feet, passing through old
ground of former workings assaying from $2
to $17 per ton; total length 28 feet. The total
extraction of ore for the week amounted to 67
tons, the average assay value of which, per
samples taken from cars at the surface, was
$37 34 per ton.
The official letter from the Sierra Nevada I
mine says: "Rlley tunnel— During the week '
we took out five tunnel sets and replaced j
them with square sets, the posts of which are
S feet and the caps 5 feet 4 inches in the j
clear. In cutting out for said sets we have j
taken out SO mining car loads of ore - and :
stored it In the ore honse. The assay value j
of car samples were as follows: Gold $34 32, i
silver 15 ounces per ton. The Nevada mill has I
not finished the milling of our ore yet. 900
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
level — The north latPral drift has been extend
ed during the week 20 feet; total length 625
feet north from the Sierra Nevada shaft; face
in porphyry with slight seepage of water."
The following companies report having had
money on hand April 1: Alpha Consolidated,
J3444; Alta. $1S12; Andes. $12,991; Belcher, «S-s5:
Best & Belcher. $650, and due bank $411; Bull
ion. $1861; Caledonia. $:>395; ConlJenc«. $z44i;
Consolidated California and Virginia, $916, and
due bank $15,500; Consolidated New York, $204;
Chollar, $SSO2; Crown Point, $S4of,; Exchequer,
$323; Gould & Curry, $1234, and due bank $2500;
Julia Consolidated, $2159; Justice. $1022; Mexi
can. $2S2S; Ophir. $11,861: Overman, $3660; Occi
dental Consolidated, $475, and due bank $3500;
Potosl, $9219; Savage, $5876; Sierra Nevada, J9li
$6523; Segregated Belcher, $273; Syndicate, $913;
Silver Hill, ?120; Union Consolidated, $4908;
Utah Consolidated. $74, and due bank $1000.
&4; ;ye9;s?gflvdaßdfo9 7890$..ETAOINNSHRDL
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
MONDAY, April 11—2 d. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 41 43
4s quar coup. .110%lllH Pac Gas Imp.. — 84
4s quar reg. ..lOS^lO!^ Pac L Co — 64
Is quar new.-.m^^VsiS F G & E.. 84 85
Miscellaneous— iSan Fran 3^4 4
Cal-st Cab 65.114HU6 Stock Gas 12 —
Cal El os 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 55... — 102.2 Flrem's Fund. 190 —
Dup-st ex c. — 9SVfe i Hank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .128 12K-> 4 ]Anglo-Cal .... — 62
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 117 Bank of Ca1.. 240 247
Geary-st R ss. — 100 iCal S D & T. — 100
'i °& S 5^. .100 105 First Nat ....200 —
L A L Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 15
Market-st 65..115\11«'-. Xcv Nat 8.. .151*4155
Do Ist M 55.. — 112V 4 Savings Banks-
Vat Yin 6s Ist — 97' A Ger S & L.. — 1770
\" CNg Ry 75. 102 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. — 112-, Mutual Say. — 42^4
!s" Ry Cal E5..100? 4 — S & L 50.... — 100
NPC R R 65. 103 — S F Say U.. — 600
N PC Ry SS..HUV6 — Security S B 2.V1 —
N' Cal Ry 55.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d is 55.. — 110 California ....M7M:iO9
Dm Ry 6s — 126 Geary 40 —
P & O 6s. . v . .110 — Market-st ....51% —
P& Ch Ri- -s. — 110 Presidio 5 7^4
Powell-st 65... — 117 ] Powder—
R^ao Wr^tL.,loo — California ....120 —
Sac Elecßy3s.lO4' 2 l'!" s E Dynamite... — 95
S F & N P ss. — 105<>» Giant Con Co. 40 42
S Pof Ar 65.. — 103 yjgorit 2% 2 T i
S P Cal 65.... — 113 Micsellaneous—
SPC Is eg ns.. — MVi Al Pac Assn.. — 97 T »
S P Br 6s 109 110 Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat fis...lir>a;il7«4 Hana P C 0... — 20
S V Wat 45... 101 102 iH C & S Co.. 24' i 244
Stock Gas 65.. — 103V4 Hutch S P Co. 43 r> s 46
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. — 60 Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Marln Co 60 — Oceanic S Co. 47*4 —
Spring Valley. 99 99Vg Pac A F L.. lVt 2\<t
Gas & Electric— Pac Br>r C 0... 99 —
Cent Gaslight. 100 — Par Paint Co. 6V4 —
M E LCo — 13^
Morning Session.
425 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 00
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 49 00
10 Spring Valley Water 99 37^4
Afternoon Session.
2? Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 14 50
lit Market-street Railway 5150
5S F Gas & Electric Co S4 50
20 do do 84 25
15 do do 84 00
145 Spring Valley Water 99124
Street—
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s Bonds 11l 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
50 Spring Valley Water 99 50
50 S F Gns & Electric 85 00
100 Hawaiian C & S Co 24 25
Afternoon Session.
50 Spring Valley Water 99 37 4
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 25
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 43 50
50 do do 44 00
65 Hawaiian C & S Co 24 00
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 49 U0
15 do do 4S 75
10 do do 48 62V4
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 16 1 1000 Hale & Norcrs. P«
100 Belcher 20 300 )1
200 Best & Belcher. 4'j'lOu Mexican 32
100 4filinoophir 73
200 44 <20<i overman 08
200 Challenge 25 700 o.'
150 Chollar 41 200 Potoal 39\
50 4t> I lUiKi Sierra Nevada. 1 3"
200 Con Cal & Va..l 00;200 Union Con S3
200 1 05(200 Yellow Jacket... 1*
100 Gould & Curry.. 19:200 ly
500 Kentuck 03!
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 21 '500 Gould & Curry.. 21
200 Andes ir> 300 Hale & Korcrs. P5
500 Belcher 13|S0Ophlr 7::
60 Best & Belcher. 46U00 Potoal 37
50 Benton Con 25 lUM Savage 2d
300 Caledonia 24 ! l"0 Sierra Xevnda..l 3Ti
If* Challenge 26 W0 Union Con 37
100 Chollar 40 I.Vi Utah OS
100 Con t'al & Ya..100 Wn Yellow Jacket... IS
300 Crown Point ... 20 100 19
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta 191300 Mexican 84
}00 21 400 I'otosi 3S
300 Andes 16 MM) Savage 20
200 Chollar - 41 7"0 Sierra Nevada. .l 40
300 Con Cal & Va...l (C> 150 1 45
1100 1....1 02% 1200 137%
400 Crown Point ... 21800 135
'00 Gould & Curry.. 20 300 130
200 21 100 Standard 157%
400 Hale & Norcrs.* S3 300 Union Con 38
200 1000 Utah 09
200 92 500..... 08
400 94 i
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 201600 95
200 Andes 15 100 Ophir 73
300 Belcher 18 100 Overman OS
100 Best & Belcher. 46 300. 07
100 Caledonia 24 500 S B & M 03
100 25 200 Sierra Nevada.. l3s
SOO Chollar 40 200 182%
300 Con Cal & Va.l 02% 200 Union Con 37
200 Crown Point .. 20|600 3£
500 Gould & Curry.. 20 1 MM) Utah 08
800 Hale & Noras. 97 200 Yellow Jacket... 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Julia 01 02
Alta 19 20 Justice — 20
Andes 15 Id Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 18 19 Lady Wash .... — 03
Benton Con ... — 30 Mexican 33 34
Best & Belchr. 45 46 Occidental .....2 85 —
Bullion 05 07 Ophir .■ 72 74
Caledonia -"> 27 Overman ...... 07 OS
Chollar 40 41 Potosi 37 38
Con Cal & Va.l 00 1 05! Savage 20 21
Challenge Con. 25 27 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Confidence 65 — Scorpion' 05 —
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. l 30 1 3.".
Crown Point .. 20 21 Sliver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con ... — 25 i Standard 145 —
Exchequer — 06 Union Con .... 36 37
Gould & Curry. 20 21 Utah 07 OS
Hale & Norcrs. 95 —I Yellow Jacket. 18 19
■♦ ■ .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Monday, April 11.
Bchr Roy Somers, Solland, KlawacU.
ARRIVED.
Monday. April 11.
Stmr Weeott, Miller, 35 hours from Crescent
City via Eun-ka.
HEETIKG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _JV_
ING, April 12. at 7:30 o'clock. P. M. >K3f
and M. E. M. degrees. By order of the 'V>
H. P. . FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. m
121 Eddy st. Meets THIS EVENING, _J%_
7:30 o'clock.. j£3f
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary. /V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M. Third degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING at 7 o'clock. 15 jf
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V>
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. &A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _*%_
EVENING, April 12, at 7:30 o'clock >X If
D 3. GKO. J. HOBE. Sec /^r>
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. K.SU.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS MAYS, genuine alcohol, Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market St., room 2..
MISS FAIRBANKS— Fortunes told; has re-
moved to room 6, 234 O'Farrell st.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny St.. room 2.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened $1. 343
Third st. and 2808 Twenty-fourth.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant from
New York; baths; massage. 29 Grant aye.,
room 5. -.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market st., room 29, second floor.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room 10. second floor front.
MME. HAN SEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. ■
MRS. STEW genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St.. room 11.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25. second floor.
DIVIDEND KOTICfcS.
COUPONS of the First Mortgage Bonds of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be paid on and • after April 12 at • the office
of the company, room 238. Crocker building.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMAI.IC. v
THOROUGHLY competent German woman de-
sires situation where she can have her daugh-
ter with her, who. ls a highly educated girl;
. mother ' fine ■ dressmaker and cook ; or house-
keeper. MISS CULLEN. 825 Butter st.
Sl' ATIO? » WAN -jSD— Continued.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework; $10 to $15;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires situa-
tion; best references; :ity or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter ot.
Al GERMAN cook, best of references, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter.
NEW employment office. Ladies can get re-
liable referenced help at MRS. BORMAN'S,
927 Market St., room 516; girl's waiting room
elsewhere. Office hours, 11 to 3 p. m.
COMPETENT Scotch couple want the care of
house, janitors or any place of trust; best
references. Box 3144, Call office.
GOOD nurse would like a few engagements;
terms reasonable. 1110 Powell St.
WANTED— By competent woman, houseclean-
ing or washing by the day. 1110 Powell st.
YOUNG lady graduate of the Polytechnic High
School wishes a position as assistant book-
keeper or typewriter and stenographer. Box
3246. Call office.
COMPETENT, educated American woman with
4-year-old child would like a situation as
housekeeper - • to do cooking and housework;
good cook and housekeeper and a person
worthy of trust; good references; wages $12
to $15; country preferred. Address Experience,
Santa Rosa, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS German and American cook
wishes position. Address I. D., 1625 San
Bruno road.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker desires
a few more engagements; $1 25 per day; no
objections to country. Address box 3224, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to care for chil-
dren and do sewing. Box 3247, Call office.
COLORED girl desires a situation to do light
housework. Call or address 1056 Pacific st.
RELIABLE young German woman wants place
as working housekeeper, chambermaid, wait-
ress or seamstress; first-class worker; city or
country. Call or address !>l6 Greenwich st.
SWEDISH girl with good experience wishes a
nurse place to take care of a small baby,
best of references. 513 McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS German lady cook wishes a sit-
uation in a hotel or restaurant. 644 Filbert st.
GOOD Scandinavian girl wishes to cook in
American family or general housework. 813
Howard st.
SITUATION by middle-aged woman; place to
do light housework or working housekeeper;
references; country preferred. Call 747 How-
ard St., two days.
SWEDISH woman, experienced in French and
American conking, wishes situation; best ref-
erences; $25 to $30. 513 McAllister st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation; city
or country; good cook and general house-
work. Address box 3239, Call.
RESPECTABLE young German woman wishes
situation to do light housework and plain
cooking in small family; wages $15. 6368 Na-
toma st.
WOMAN wishes to take care of chicken ranch
or act as housekeeper. Address MRS. JOSIE
RAMSEY, care Harry Holland, S Hermann.
GENERAL housework wanted by Protestant
woman; good cook and laundress; city refer-
ences. 521 Minna st.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work. Address 2103 Powell st.
EXPERT hand massage treatment for reduc-
ing flesh; guaranteed. MRS. K. L., box 3258,
Call office.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day. 11
Bernice St., bet. 12th and 13th, near Harrison.
NEAT middle-aged woman, fine American cook
and baker; no objection to summer resort or
large family; wages $10 to $12. 129 Third st.
YOUNG American girl desires a situation In
Jewish family to assist with housework or
take care of children. Call 416 Fourteenth Bt.
GERMAN cook wishes situation in private
family to do housework. 1024 Howard, rm. 10.
TWO competent women want positions in
Skaguay as cooks, waitresses or housekeep-
ers. Box 3262, Call office.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes engagements,
$1 50; dresses made over; suits made In two
days; good fitter. S., 1941 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent girl to
do ttneral himsework and cooking; wages
$20. Address H. H.. Call Branch, 387 Hayes.
WANTED, by a Nova Scotlan Protestant wo-
man--* 'ooklng and housework in private fam-
ily; city or country. Call 901 Post st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
RESPECTABLE young woman, with child,
wishes position as housekeeper; fond of chil-
dren; no objection to country. Apply 218
Eddy si.
FIRBT-CLASB cook, German, understands all
branches of cookery; references. 323 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker; is a first-class
fitter and designer; will work for $1 a day.
1073% Market st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework
in ori\;ite Family. Please call 610 Capp St.,
bet. Twenty first and Twenty-second.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as second
girl or housework. Address ISOS^j Powell st.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; is a
good seamstress or would do mending; $1 25
per day. <">lO Post st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or keep house; city or coun-
try; $10 to $12 per month. 504 Howard et.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper
or to do plain mending. 34 Sixth at., room 6.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping or plain mending; no objection to
short distance in country. Call or address
1104 Mission St., room 10.
POSITION as teacher desired by a lady
student during the summer; experienced;
French and German; references given and
required. Box 115. Palo Alto.
REFINED, intelligent American lady as man-
aging housekeeper; city or country. Call or
address 34 1 * Turk st., room 14.
DI'RING the summer vacation an engagement
desired by an experienced lady as house-
keeper in a summer boarding-house or private
family: references given and required. Box
llf.. Palo Alto.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1397. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsulng Co. ISOB Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414U OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help; tel. Grant 5« Qeo. Aokl, 30 Gear- st.
REFINED European gentleman who speaks
and writes English, French, Spanish and
Italian, knowing practice on business, wishes
position as correspondent, private family's
secretary, first-class hotel's Interpreter or
manager, bie store's floor manager, etc.;
certificates and references given. Address
MENOIDES, box 3249. Call office.
INTELLIGENT, young, strong Swiss, speak-
ing German and English, wishes a position
In a private family, hotel, lodging house or
saloon; is willing to do any kind of work.
Call or address A. T., 664 Castro st.
MAN and wife wish positions in country; wife
to do housework and man any kind ol" work;
good references; wages $40. Apply 42" Twenty-
ninth st., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
PANTED— Position as lunch counter waiter or
dishwasher, or any laboring work; well used
to horses. 246 Sixth St., room 26.
YOUNG Irishman of steady habits wants posi-
tion of any kind; good milker and can take
care of horses. 1208 William st.
BARKEEPER, young man of steady* habits,
wishes position; city or country; first-class
experience anu references. Box 3261, Call.
YOUNG man who understands horses wishes a
position as teamster. Call for 3 days fore-
noons only. J. F. S., 528 Ellis st.
SITUATION wants by a steady and sober
man; thoroughly understands the care of
horses, driving, garden, cows; references;
city or country; moderate wages. Box 32i3,
Call office.
ELDERLY man wants situation care of gen-
tleman's place; good gardener; can milk,
care horse?: city or country. S. W., 30S Hill.
PRACTICAL gardener— Reliable man: middle-
aged: can milk and tend to horses If re-
quired: is handy with tools; all-round man;
references city and country. M. H., box
3124, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED steady man wishes situation
in private family; understands care of horses,
driving and gardening; maKe himself gener-
useful; city or country. Box 3241, Call.
BUTCHER, 25, speaks German and English,
wishes steady job; city or country; 10 years'
experience. Box 3125, Call.
WAN and wife want situations to take care of
house; city or country. Box 3145, Call office.
ENGLISHMAN wishing to gain experience in
chicken ranching or vineyard offers his ser-
vices for board and lodging. Box 3159. Call.
SITUATION as gardener by steady man; city
or country; can milk, drive; handy about
house; references. Address box 3136. Call.
YOUNG man wants position running steam or
gasoline engine; good driver; can milk nnd
handy with "tools- best of reference. Address
box 3228, Call office.
YOUNG married man. handy with tools and
experienced In farming, would like position In
country good references. Address N. C. N.,
IS Clara st., s. F.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SWEDISH man and wife with 2-year-old child
would like work on private place or ranch;
man as all round man: woman as cook. Ad-
dress box 3232, Call office.
SITUATIONS V AXTED— Con tinned.
ENGINEER or fireman by sober man; under-
stands ice machine. Box 3260, Call office.
POSITION wanted by a 14-year-old boy Just
from the country: willing to do any Hnd of
work and temperate. 1315 Scott st.
WANTED— By a young man, German, kitchen
work, assist in cooking, waiting, saloon or
other work; city or country. Address H.
VIELITZ, 136 Sixth St.. room 7.
ENGINEER, stationary, wants work at trade
or as night watchman or driver; anything at
living wages: American and married. Ad-
dress 2SOS Laguna st.
WELL educated businesslike young man of
pleasant address, good talker, knowing
French, English and Russian, desires posi-
tion; best of city references. Box 3222, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient respectable; fre« 'bu«
and baggage to and from fer -y.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
WOMAN as Janltress, part day, $8 per month.
MISS CrLLEX, 325 Sutter St.
2 REFINED German second girls, $20 and $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
YOUNG refined girl, assist, $15~ MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
FK .NCH governess, $35; German governess,
$25; waitress, country. $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK, mechanics' boarding-house, $25. MISS
_CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
DISHWASHER, $12; easy place. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutt°- st.
2 GERMAN cooks, $35 and $30; laundress, $30;
nurse, $25; 3 second girls, $25 and $20; house- i
work girl, Menlo, $25, and other towns; 10
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25; 6 young girls, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child as working housekeeper,
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, $20. country.
MIPS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CULLEN~32S
Sutter st.
YOUNG lady who speaks German or some for-
eign language, $6 per week. iw.SS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and wait, $IR. sleep home;
2 waitresses, city and country, $20 and $25;
6 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT housegirl for Sausalito, two in family,
$25. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
A NUMBER of housegirls for Alameda, $20 to
$25; 6 middle-aged women for country, $20 to
$25; chambermaid, $15; waitress, $20; house-
keeper, $2'i; 10 young girls to assist. $10 to $15;
second girl, $25; cook, $30; nurspglrl. $20; two
second girls, $20 each. Mrs. Norton, 323 Sutter.
FOUR cooks, German style, $25; cook, Mill !
Valley, $25; German housegirl, $20, two in
family; neat girls, housework, $25 to $30, no i
washing; Swedish housegirl, $25. 3 in family;
mi'ldle aged woman to do housework and as-
sist with children, $20; German woman,
housekeeper small ranch, $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 323 Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau girls of all nationalities wanted for city
and country. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
3 WAITRESSES, Santa Cruz, $20. call early;
waitress. Auburn, $20; waitress, Hanford, $20;
waitress, San Jose, $25; 2 chambermaids and
wait. Alameda, $15; 2 waitresses, $20; cham-
bermaid and wait, $1S; hotel cook, $30; hotel
cook, country, $25, no baking:; 2 hotel cooks,
small places, $20 to $25; 4 lunch waitresses.
BO cents; chambermaid, $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN girl, San Lorenzo. $20; mother and
daughter, country, $30; girl, Petaluma, $15;
girl, Alvarado, $20, fare paid; 10 housegirls,
city. $20 to $25; young girls, $15 to $18; up-
stairs girl, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary St.
SWEDISH or German woman to cook for a
family of 2 at a mine; $25; see party here;
fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
2 GIRLS for chamber work and assist wait-
Ing; same small place near the city; $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT girl for housework, 2 In family, $20, see
party here; Protestant cook, 2 in family, $30;
Protestant second girl, $20; 2 nurses, $20 and
$25; 4 cooks, German style, $25; laundress,
private family, $25; 5 waitresses and chamber-
maid. $20. $.=>, $r. week; dishwasher, $Lii; and
girls for housework in city and country. J. P.
CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter St.
NURSE for confinement, with reference; $12 a
week: no office fee. Apply to C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary Bt.
3 GERMAN cooks, $25; laundress, some sweep-
ing, $20; cook, small boarding-house, $2o;
chambermaid, seamstress, $20; S girls gener-
al housework. $15 and >1'">; 5 young girls to
assist, $12. MRS. LAMBERT. "4I7 Powell st.
WAITRESS, nice country hotel, $20; cook,
plain country hotel, $25. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 ("lay st.
NEAT second girl and waitress, small Ameri-
can family, $20. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
WANTED— Pantry girl for institution In city,
$20 per month: nice place. W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— 2S girls to fill various situations at
good wages. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework;
good home. 377 Shotwell st.
GIRL to assist in general housework. 2934 Fol-
Bom st.
NEAT woman: can cook well and assist with
child: J2O. 2713 Buchanan St.
GIRL for general housework; must be a good
cook. 114 Devisadero st.
GIRL to assist light housework; Bleep home.
1327 Laguna st.
WANTED— IOOO school children to take part in
the superb May Day festival at Sutro Baths.
Apply at Scottish Hall. 105 Larkin st.
COAT maker wanted; finishers and apprentices.
449 Minna St.
GIRL for general housework. Apply at store,
3HO.') Sixteenth St., above Mission.
YOUNG Protestant girl for light housework for
family of 2; wages $8. Apply afternoon at
913 Point Lobos aye.
GIRL to work 3 hours a day as bed maker;
$2 per week. 562 Mission st.
GERMAN girl: light housework; wages $15; no
washing. 1036 Clay.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; will-
ing to go into country for several months;
wages $25. Apply bet. 1 and 2 p. m., 2SOB
Jackson st.
WANTED— Good waist hand right away. 1318
Larkin st.
GIRL wanted; must be good cook; $20. 1522
Post st., near Octavia.
TAILORESS on coats; none but flrst-clas».
132 A Seventh st.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking. 2528 Pine st.
APPRENTICE on custom coats; one willing
to learn preferred. 516 Jessie st.
STRONG woman for housework and children.
102 Eighth st.
GIRL to assist in light housework ; wages $12.
1630 O'Farrell St.
GIRL to help at housework; can sleep at home.
430 Eddy st.
FINISHERS and buttonhole makers on custom
coats; also girls to learn; pay while learn-
ing. 291 Natoma St., near Fourth.
GIRL for general housework; no cooking. 1821
Kddy st.
AN operator on pants: also apprentices; paid
while learning. 419 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and chil-
dren; sleep home. 515 Third st.
HOUSEKEEPER, bookkeeper, office clerk,
salesladies, factory^ girls. 313 Bush st.
RELIABLE girl wanted for general house-
work. 811 Octavia st.
LADY cashier and matron able to take Inter-
est In select and profitable cash business;
references. 313 Bush st.
ADVANCED apprentice on pants. 102 Minna.
GIRL, general housework: light cooking, bak-
ing: snail family; wages $15. 1216V4 Golden
Gate sve.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay. -,
LADIES to sell my toilet specialties. MRS
BUTLER, room 324. 806 Market st.
STRONG, honest young woman to do general
housework, washing and cooking; good home
for good girl ; $15. 1905 Broadway.
WANTED— First-class talloress on fine coats.
41 m Kearny st.
LADIES earn $S weekly doing needlework at
home: no canvassing; inclose self-addressed
stamped envelope for reply. STANDARD
NOVELTY CO., 101 Beekman St., New York.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1020 Market
Bt. ; consultation free: fees moderate.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The « i.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
PLANER man, $45; 10 Italians for mine. }2 60
a day; 20 miners for coal mine, 60c per run-
ning yard; 2 ship carpenters, $3 a day. R.
T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
Al PRERSER on ladies 1 Jackets. DAVIDBOX
ft MILLER. 731 Market sC
HELP WAK'.ZD-Contlnned.
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel, $50;
fry cook. $60; German-speaking second cook,
$60; cook, small hotel, $35. see party here;
cook small hotel, city. $35; cook, $30; dish-
washer, $10. same small restaurant; Gej-man
cook, country hotel, $40. see party here; night
cook. $7 a week; night waiter. $30; waiter,
oyster house, $7 a week; 2 waiters, plain
hotel, city, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary St.
MAN and wife for a ranch. $40; neat young
coachman, with references. $30; stableman,
acquainted with streets. $30 and found; car-
riage painter, $2 CO a day; tunnel man, $2 a 0
a day; *>arker, $35 and found; screw turner,
$35 and found; edger, $30 and found;
railroad tie makers, summer's job, 10c, easy
split timber, Santa Cruz County, tools ad-
vanced; 8 woodchoppers, $1 25 a cord. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PORTER and runner, country. $20 and found;
young boy about IS for light porter work, $lo;
boy for machine shop. $15; strong boy for a
shop, $15: bellboy, $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
BARBER for a country Institution. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— COME TO US — "
And we will give you work. V\ anted— 3Ss
woodchoppers for different part of California.
$1 25 and $1 cord: 476 tie makers for different
parts of California, Be, 9c, 10c and lie each;
16 farm, orchard and vineyard hands and
teamsters. $20 and $15; 3 milkers, $20; 2 but-
ter makers, $25; 3 choreboys for ranches.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2s LABORERS for the mines, $1 75 day; 10
laborers, city work. $1 75 day; 2 drillers for
a mine; 2 drifters for a mine; 10 scraper
teamsters. $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MARRIED— 3 COUPLES
Farmer and wife for an orchard, $40 and
found; farmer and wife for a, hay and grain
ranch; no other woman on these 2 ranches;
farmer and wife for an orchard, Santa Clara
County, easy job, $25 and found. MURRAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 630 Clay st.
A— 4s COAL miners, $3 50 to $4 day; 3 ship car-
i penters. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— B WAITERS 6 Cooks
4 Dishwashers 1 Nurse
From $15 to $S0 per month and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. _^__
A-LAUNDRY HELP—
Polisher and starcher, $30 and found, country
job. MURRAY & READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2 TAILORS for country jobs. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents. 634
and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— Choreman for ranch. $20: fruit
peddlers, 75c per day and found; farmers,
$15 and $20; quartz miners, $2 a day and
board and $2 50 a day; gravel miner, $3 a
day; 10 coal miners: 4 first-class machinists,
$3 to $4 a day: tie-makers, 11 cents. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTl4D— German indoor servant, private
family in country, $25; 2 milkers, near city,
$25; nurse for an institution in city (young
man), $20; also farmers, ranch cook $25, cook 9.
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
LAUNDRY help wanted: ironer, country, $30;
polisher, $30; assistant ironer. $20; apprentice
for laundry. $10; French boy to help washing,
$20; etc. ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
GOOD coat maker, steady man. to work In
small city; piece work. Apply at 67 Rausch
St., bet. Seventh and Eighth. Call bet. 9 and
12 a. m.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop. 1648 Mar- !
ket st.
WANTED— Errand boy. E. PINTO & CO., 906
Market st., room 5.
BOY to run errands and tend stock In whole-
sale millinery house. Box 3257, Call office.
BARKEEPER, single. German, quick and po- I
lite; state references. Box 3255, Call office. I
THOSE wanting positions as bookkeepers, of- j
flee clerks. salesmen, drivers. porters, |
should register at headquarters, 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 435 California St.; call
early.
]?' iV who lives with his parents to work In
bake shop. 612 Kearny St. !
YOUNG man as dishwasher at 3034 Sixteenth
st., near Valencia.
WANTED — Young man to make himself use-
ful in merchant tairoring; good penman;
good references. Box 3264, Call.
TAILOR or presser. 319 Geary st.
RESIDENT managing partner for cash busi-
ness, Stockton, $200; investment fully se-
cured; weekly allowance $15 at start; an ex- |
cellent opening for an active young business
man. Particulars 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to manage together light profit- ■
able cash business. 313 Bush st.
STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper, stationer's j
and publishing house. Particulars 313 Bush. ■
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at i
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson; also j
men for whaling and Alaska; no experience
required.
YOUNG man wanted; must write good hand.
3 Taylor st.
BARBER wanted to buy paying shop. STOLZ,
630 Market St.
COAT, vest and trouser makers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS', 721 Market st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
PARTNER with $25 to Invest in profitable cash
business; honorable; no competition; please
investigate Mon., Tues. 106 Taylor st., room 2.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of th» :
United States, or those who have legftU? de- :
clared their intention to become such: must ;
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height.
For further lniormation apply at the re- :
cruitlns of flee, 20 Ellis st..San Francisco. Cal.
EXPERIENCED coat and pants maker. 225>4
Montgomery St. ; steady job.
FARMER in country on salary to obtain
poultry, egg shipments. Box 3299, Call offlce.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 138% Eighth St.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean rooms; t
nights 25c or 750 week. 105 New Montgomery-
600 PAIR of men's new and seond hand shoes
half price; half soling 35c. 959 Howard st.
ILEVENTH, 106— Branch offlce of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborer? and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, £17 -hlrd ct. : 150 larg*
rooms: 25c per night: i\ to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Offlce. 8.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant a.ye. : tel. Grant 131.
MARKET. S63H (Elcho House)— Single rooms.
12V4C, 15c to 25c per night: week. 75c, $1, $1 25.
BARBERS" Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Secy.. 102 7th: tel. South 628.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— T^ooms 25c to a
night; Jl to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and tt
week. Unrtell House. Sixth md Howard st».
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Colle<yion Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: '.I a week.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED-Partner in blacksmith shop: good
shner; trial given: good business. Apply San
Mnteo Dniry. the other side of Ocean View
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED-Murat Halstead's Great
War Book. "Our Country- in War" and our
relations with foreign nations. All about our
army, navy, coast defenses, the Maine dls-
S n er V Spain> her army - navy and defenses.
All about Cuba, her relations to the United
States and her defenses. Ail about the ar-
mies and navies of all other nations, and
how they will act In our fight with Spain.
Over 500 pages. MagmlfiVent illustrations,
photograps. etc. One agent sold gu in one
day; others are making J2 to f3S pec day.
Most liberal terms guaranteed. 20 .lays' cred-
it, price low. freight paid. Handsome out-
fit free. Send 12 2-cent stamps to pay post-
age. National Educational Union. 324 Dear-
born St.. Chicago.
WANTED— A first-class lady canvasser to sell
a well advertised article; can make $6 to $12
a day. Apply room 42 Phelan building.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. M 0 Mis-
sion tt. ; tel. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Moat-
Komery st. ; highest prlco» paid. Tel. Davla TL
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER-Old gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
rmFDGINO privileges for sale on Canadian
rivers in the Klondike by a company ownln*
the lance-t number of claims of any company
fn tne Northwest. C. P. DEYOE, Agent. Oc-
cidental Hotel.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plu bers and
■£wi rn/n at general work who are going to
Gold Star Co., Mills building, San Fran.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes to join re-
R ufwe =^pedufon to Alaska. Address, statin,
terms, etc.. box 3138, Call office.
OCEAN or river steamers, filing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW . 4 butter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
IiODGIIkv. HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22ft
Geary st. •ioaa
80 rooms; rent $76; clears $150 $1200
4S rooms; best in city; central £000
40 rooms; sunny corner: transient a»ju
21 rooms; big bargain: clears $20 w
17 rooms; first floor pays rent........ £jo
16 rooms; Market: central; all full £*»
10 rooms: Larkin: corner; snap..... <[jj>
10 rooms; solid oak: all folding beds.... 5M
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 300
7 rooms: Market; offices pay rent -0»
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— sl6oo: 20 rooms; reduced from $2500; best
transient corner; sunny corner; clears $150.
KREDO & CO.
A— s3oo- 9 rooms: transient: clears $100: central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO., 22',fr Geary.
50 ROOMS; rent $125; sunny corner; owner
leaves for Alaska; IS rooms clear $00... $.00
10- room flat; sunny corner 225
25- room house: sunny corner JOOO
22-rVxim house; fine corner ' n -^>
29-room house; clears $150; must sell -'00
29 rooms; near Palace Hotel; rent $66 IMO
10-room house: new and good; Bills st.. *>50
60 rooms; rent $65; clears about $70 month:
snap. H. C. DECKER, 102fl Market sfc
BARGAIN LIST
14-room, Sutter St., doctor's offices $450
18 rooms, lovely house, yard, sunny 6.i0
20 rooms, brand new corner; payments 1200
23 rooms, corner, income $250 21 n 0
28 rooms, rent $50, part cash 400
32 rooms, rent $100, offices only 1000
45 rooms, central, worth $3000 1500
WINSTON & CO.. 641", Market st.
FOR Sale— 22 rooms, well furnished: steady
roomers; rent reasonable. 110 Hyde st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew«
elry; low Interest. Undo Harris, 1" <srant ay.
LODGING house of 16 rooms, well furnished
and full of roomers. 136 Sixth st.
ELEVENTH. 10G— Branch office of The Call.
Subscri ptlons and want ads taken.
MUSICAL INSTRU.IU.vrs.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are th«
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houßSi
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please aati
satisfy the* customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
New pianos rented, $3 per month.»Jtepairinc
and tuning a specialty. Our prices can not
be equaled in San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A FINE line of second-hand pianos offered
this week at very low prices, Including
Steinways, rhickering. Hallett & Davis,
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO., 933 Market st.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 7i
One Fischer piano M
Twenty others %t all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. lfi-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvals Music Co.. 769 Market; agrts.
for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Xewby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
A VERY fine upright piano left for immediate
cash sale: great bargain: see it this morn-
ing. Room 12. Flood building.
GOOD German baby grand piano. 1175 Valen-
cia st. ; $30. ,
$76— BARGAIN: good Fisher piano. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Poßt st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure; for sal*
cheap, 1 large vault in Calvary Cemetery.
Box 3163, Call office.
FOR SALE— Pretty improved plat in Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Apply 304 Third St., room L
INCUBATOR cheap: fine r.OO-egg machine; good
as new. 1308 Wood St., Oakland.
BUTTONHOLE manufacturing machine, sec-
ond hand, $35. 624 Elizabeth st. : Castro cars.
FOR SALE— Small aviary with birds. In-
quire 449 Fifth st.
A PRETTY, improved plat In Odd Fellow**
Cemetery. 304 Thinl st.
6 COIN silver new spoons; a nice present, tor
$10; worth $20. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, 5 drawers; almost
new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Heale st.
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
Bain; call at once. 654 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-102J
Mission St.. above Sixtli.
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS St
TOEPKE. Architects, 55 Flood building.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J. R. PQOL. house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. Bo- Itt.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 108-111 Market. B. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $m: Records, J" per do«.|
Projeetoscope. $100. Bactgalupi. 938-M8 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc..
bought and sold. I' l '':' Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought. sold{.
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.: phone Mint 45.
CARPE'- CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; clean*,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eight 1 st. telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING"S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J.
McQUEEN. 453 Stevenson st. tel. B. 228. j
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutferi
i; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable : carpet-cleaning, rencvat-
Ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relatd at 3c
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam •' Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c. a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Gold a
Gat? aye.: tel. East 126. .
LEGAL .NO ii. i.
CITY and County Treasury. San Franri.^
March 16. IS9S-In compliance with th™p rov^'
ions of section 5 of order 159S of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September 15 i«<o
there will be sold at public auction by E i a*
Spear & Co.. at their salesrooms 31 and ' «
Sutter street, on ' l and a
;»•.",«■' MONDAY. APRIL IS. IS9B
At 10 o clock a. m.. sundry articles of stolen
lost and unclaimed property recovered bvthi
police force of San Francisco, as detailed in
an Inventory thereof on file in the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors and
consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel pis-
tols knives etc.: also a lot of trunk*, valise,
clothing, etc.. property : of deceased persons
received from the Coroner of - this : city and
county. Open for Inspection on morning o«
• ■;•*>•• - A. C. WIDBER,
City and County Treasurer.riuTrxESJ CHANCES.
EXPRESSING and transfer business In 4
cities; good horses, wagons, etc.; established
many years; doing an excellent, steady busi-
ness: lias hauling 'fur large wholesale houses;
offered at a. low figure, us owner It engaged
In other business. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
H;,q CORNER saloon in the busiest manufac-
turing liistrict in the city: old established
- place" positive value In Bight; will clear $100
» r nth; llvir.g rooms: this is an excel-
•ii lent chance for small Investment; worth $800
• to any one. M. LESS, 763 Market st.
«400^SAIiOONl.witli lv well furnished . rooms,
rear the furry; old established: good busi-
ness- selling on account of sickness; cheap
rent- easily worth double the price asked. M.
LESS, 7t".r, Market vt. -
. . 4 [ONERY, news stand, restaurant,
• e*c ' living rooms; rent $6; biggest transfer :
Point of <-ity; list tell; given away. M.
..LESS. 765 Market fit. _^ ' ' ■ I
• SISOO— FIRST-CLASS concert hall and family ]
resort; established 2.*. years; north ">£ Mar- '
ket: only place »i its kind within a large I
radius; full value In sight; clearing now $260
t.er month; can be increased; satisfactory
proof furnished; investigate this; It's worth
your while. M. LESS, 760 Market.
1400^-DELICACY tore; fine location; north of
Market; llvina rooms; receipts $15 to $18
daily: greatest bargain In this line. M.
LESS, Ti"s Market. • ' "
A" 'PAYING country hotel for sale. Including
building ani lot, 75x1f.0; M rooms, bar, par-
lors, etc.: !>u miles from city; lively town; no
competition; must be sold; make offer."
LESS, 7C."> Market Ft. ■ . ■. ■
jiOO— CORNER grocery and bar, south of Mar-
ket st.: value In sight: big bar trade; this
offer means a great Bacrlflce. M. LESS, 765
:rfarl:et st. ■.
$45'?— ELEGANTLY fitted up and money-mak- ;
Ins candy store on Polk st.; must be sacrl-
flced: owner keeping another business. Apply
WILKE, 753 Market s-t.
$3-. v -v-THr. best fitted up, and guaranteed to
clear f3OO net per month, saJoon close to Claus
Spn-'kols building; first-class custom; no bet-
ter liuslness offer In the market; investigate
at once; this Is a chance of a lifetime.
WILKE. 7n3 Market st.
$i -o SALOON; average daily receipts $10; rent
$:'.=.; 1' doors from Montgomery st. ; a bargain.
WILKE, 783 Market st.
jwM'OKXKR saloon in wholesale district;
kept by present owner for years and dolns
a good ptuylng business: rare chance; fullest
investigation jriv.tr 1 . WILXE. 7t>3 Market st.
$12f>0-OLD-ESTABLISHEI> bp' m, close to
banks and leading hotels; average daily re-
ceipts $22; rent $50, lease; no night work;
actual value $2000: owner to retire and going
on his ranch. Call WILKE. 7SS Market St.
BAKER, ATTENTION— '
Bakery in Western Addition; price $900; 4 liv-
ing rooms; old "established; a first-class bar-
gain. WILKE, 7b3 Market Kt.
A— slso; dining room; 30 steady boarders; no
rent: don't miss it. KREDO & CO., 22H
Geary st. •
A— "-T*: cigar stand; best corner Kearny; fine
stock; clears $100. KREDO _ CO., 22Vs Geary.
A—s4so;A — $450; saloon; side entrance; Market St.; best
bar in tity. KREIX ' ■■• CO., HVi Geary st.
A— $200; florist and seed business; best town
near city; clears $luO. KREDO & CO., 22' 2
deary st.
$100— GROCERY and bar; bargain this day.
MCLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$1500— GROCERY, French liquor store, north
Market : departure for Europe cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & Co., 23 Kearny st.
$1000— CORNER grocery, with bar attached;
large trade; horses, wagons included; trial
given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., Si Kearny st.
$500— CORNER saloon, near Market st. ; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale. Me-
LAUpHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st. • .
A— SM»— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corn»r*. ■■
$200— Partner wanted in commission- dus-1-
ness.
- $450— Saloon: old-established, good location, |
an.i other bargains In saloons, t>ak_'n-;s and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 7:7 Market.
DELICACIES and bakery, worth $1000 for.. $2~M
Dry goods, stationery, bakery; cheap
Cigar stand, ear Baldwin Hotel 425
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market it.
SALOON men, attention — corner saloon
for sale tit invoice to highest bidder this
week. RAND _ CO.. M Third St.
PAYING delicacy store good location: selflng
on account of sickness. WICHMAN, LUT-
GEN & CO., 318 Clay st.
CHEAP saloon near the water front. Apply
WICHMAN, LTJTGEN & CO., 31s Clay st.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
Odd Fellows' Library. Seventh and Market
its., for sale. This library is now offered for
sale by the board of trustees; it contains a
choice collection ofall kinds of literary and
scientific .■ irks. The library Is now open for
the sale and inspection of books from 9 a. m.
until 9 p. m. I
PRINTING office for sale— Complete, nearly
- new job office in best interior town In State;
good run of business; satisfactory reasons;
will bear Investigation; cheap. Address Box
3252. Coil office. <
FOR sale at a bargain— "Office Saloon."
corner City Hall avenue and City Hall
square. Inquire at saloon. CHAS. FOWLER.
ELEGANT grocery and bar; splendid opportu-
nity; good trade and stock; owner retiring on
account of ill health. Investigate. 3231, Call.
YOUNG German with about $1000 In cash,
been working in grocery business, wants to
buy a good corner grocery. Box 3250. Call.
FOR sale cheap— A tobacco, cigar, stationery
and cutlery store on Sixteenth; No. 2907, near
ward; proprietor has to leave the city.
FOR Sale Family liquor store; good location;
thorough investigation. Cigar store. 842 Mar-
SHOEMAKER'S shop; must sell account of
'■ sickness. Apply 532 Valencia St., in bakery-
MUST be sold: clear and news stand; will
stand Investigation. Apply 518 Hayes st.
PARTNER wanted In saloon, 33 Third street;
Steady man required.
$190— SALOON and 4 living rooms; rent $10.
83 Clementina st., near Second.
$150 invested actually earns 35 per cent weekly
profits; rare chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise: control capital your-
self. D.Sloane, 110 -• Paul St., Baltimore.Md.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry, low interest. Uncle Harris, IS Grant _v.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished IS years; $:'. ) to $30 a week each; can
be doubled in short time; entire trade of most
prominent firms in the city; no previous ex-
perience required; trial given. 9 Geary St.,
room 2. -
I WOOD and coal yard; 333 Third Bt.; old-estab-
lished stand: large and roomy; to rent for
.$25 per month.
PORK and delicacy store; also furniture
of . rooms; good trade; rent $10, paid until
June. Address box 3243, Call office.
CORNER saloon In manufacturing portion of
city. Inquire Albany Brewery. •
RELIABLE business man connected with larg-
est house on Market at., offers for sale inter-
■.-'.ept In his "system for playing the races"; In
• ' 'successful use every day; immense returns;
email capital: references given and required;
price $100. Box 8168, Call office.
GOOD investment; $700; old-established busi-
ness; fine location; good reasons for selling;
■■■ no agents. Box E, X, V, Call branch office,
106 Eleventh st.
WANTED— buy small stock of shoes; city
. or country: must be a bargain for cash; state
particulars. Box 3159. Call office.
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
established stand; rent reasonable. 2622 Mis-
sion st.
COMPLETE furniture of restaurant for sale.
Address box 3236. Call office.
$1200 buys a flourishing business;' wood and
coal; boarding and feed stable: owner going
to Klondike; business across the bay. Ad-
dress box 3204, Call office.
DRUG store; old established; in Western Addi-
tion; Bultaljl? for physician; reasonable. Ad-
dres box 3371, Call office^ |
1250— CORNER saloon; opposite factory; sell on
account of death. 1121 Harrson St.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale; reason,
must ko to the Interior to ranch; will stand
full Investigation. Apply at Call office.
WANTED— A partner with a capital of $600 In
a bakery and coffee house doing $1000 busi-
ness. S2 Pacific aye., Santa Cruz, Cal.
ON account of going to the mines, grocery and
bar for sale at a sacrifice. Southwest corner
Twenty-sixth and Bartlett Ms.
COm and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento St.
FOR sale — Icecream, candy and notion store.
237 Sixth st.: no agents.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call,
Subscriptions and ads taken. . -
PATENTS— SMITH & O.SBORN. Regist'd Pat.
Agents; established 18C2. 319 Pine St.. city.
ATTOIINEYp AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ELEVENTH 106— Branch office of The Call:
subscriptions and want ads taken.:
CIfEAPEBT and best In America— Weekly
• Call. Sent to any address In the United
Ptatc-B or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
free. - ■ ____________________
lIHMTIUK FOll SALE.
WALNUT bedroom set, almost new; marble
top; going away. 806 Greenwich Bt.
*27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:tO
. o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
*•*•>__ ___ want adß taken. ■- < r
" -• HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN • ■
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOW.ELL. 10 Montgomery.
HYDE. 609, near Geary — Sunny: choice: 13
rooms; $50; appreciated If teen; investigate.
TURK. 733^House of 7 rooms; all modern tm-
pru.vementß; ■ ■ . !,,
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754. bet. York and Hamp-
shlre— House, 6 rooms, bath: large yard: $16.
OAK. 17. near Market: 8 rooms and bath.
■
FURNIItIED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8 |
large Bunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises,
636 Guerrero st. •'• .
GOLDEN GATE. 1517— A handsome middle flat;
; every convenience; piano;' garden. |
PUTTER, .717, near Taylor— Choice: elegant; j
sunny; appreciated if seen; please investi-
gate; or furniture for sale cheap: optional. •
COTTAGES TO LET.
TO Rent— Modern cottage, 1513 Baker st. J. Q.
JACKSON, 4.v Market st. ]
V SUNNY bay-window cottage 5 rooms near
:Mih and Mission. 64 Silver st. off Third.
• : FLATS TO LET.
A— PS okaky-st. Oats reduced to $18.
A— sl6 Geary-st. flats reduced to $10.
A— house. $32. BPSC.K & CO.. 602 Market.
CENTRAL aye.. 722. near Furnished flat
of 6 rooms: bath; piano; $30.
FLAT. 375 Shotwell St.— Sunny flat. 5 rooms and (
bath, with stable; rent reasonable. !
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, very cheap; on '
sunny side: 122U San Jose aye.. bet. 23d and
24th sts. Apply 1515V4 Market St.- ' !
HAIGHT, 1021, above Broderlck, near Park—
Sunny 5-room flat; fine view. t
NEW modern sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath; 18
Seymour aye.. bet. Scott and Devisadero sts., I
off Golden Gate aye. ; $27. |
NINETEENTH, S9S4. near Noe— Lower- 4 !
rooms, modern. $14: 599 Noe. comer Nine-
teenth lower 4 rooms, modern, $15: 47 Pond, j
off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
5 rooms, modern, $15, water free.
PAGE, 134— Flat of 5 rooms; bath; basement;
yard ; reasonable to good tenant.
PINE, 1228, near Hyde— A sunny flat of 6
rooms and bath; rent $20.
SCOTT, 2088, cor. Sacramento— Upper sunny B-
room Hat, with attic; reasonable.
SEE those beautiful flats In warm belt of !
Mission; newly tinted and. painted through-
out; 6 rooms, hath and latest improvements: |
1002 and IW4 lores St., cor. Twenty-third;
rent cheapest in city; upper reduced from flo !
to $20 and lower reduced from $22 50 to $1S: j
now open for inspection. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. I
STEVENSON, 1364, near Thirteenth— A bay-
wind-, flat of 4 rooms; rent $11.
SUNNY flat, cheap; 6 rooms; bath; modern im-
provements. 531 Thirteenth at., cor. Market.
TREAT aye., 812— Sunny upper flat; 6 rooms; i
bath; modern improvements; rent reduced.
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 if you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
$14— COZY sunny lower flat. 4 rooms, bath,
yard. 6 Shin well t=t., near Fourteenth.
FURNISHED FIATS.
FURNITURE for flat of 6 comfortably fur-
nished' sunny rooms for sale; cheap; no deal-
ers. 196 Shipley st., corner Fifth.
MISSION, 2706 A —Elegantly furnished sunny,
new flat; C rooms and bath; references.
HOI'SEIvEKPI.NG KOOMS.
CENTRAL House, 52 Second— Light housekpg,
single and double rooms, $1 25 to $3 week.
CLAY, 1026— large unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; all conveniences; good order; $9.
DEVISADERO, 1905—3 connecting rooms, bath,
furnished for houskpg; exclusive kitchen: $18.
EDDY, — 2 or three sunny furnished rooms;
complete , for housekeeping.
EDDY, Sunny, nicely furnished large con-
necting housekeeping rooms; splendid loca-
tion.
ELEVENTH, 35— let— 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms: bath. '
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ELLIS, 563, rear— unfurnished rooms . for
housekeeping; rent $10.
F: ."H. 314— LARGE sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; running water; bath; no children;
private; $11. ■ . ' .
FIFTH. 335— furnished, $13; 2 parlors, kitchen,
bath. $22; also single. $5.
FOLSOM. 646— Large front bay- window room;
housekeeping; every convenience.
GOLDEN GATE, 620—3 Bunny housekeeping I
rooms, complete; first floor; rent $20 per mo.
GOLDEN GATE, 1404— Sunny front with kit-
chen, $12; single, $5.
HOWARD, 525— Rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping.'
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Nicely furnished
eunny front rooms; also housekeeping.
HYDE, 1412 — Parlor floor of three rooms; newly
furnished for housekeeping; $25: reference.
JEaSIE— 373, near Fifth and Market— House-
keep ing; $S; single, $5. ■
KEARNY, 104—3 unfurnished rooms and bath;
references exchanued.
LARKIN. 326—3 elegant sunny housekeeping
apartments; exclusive kitchen; central; bath.
MARKET, 2098 — Two front suites of two 0%
three rooms on same floor; sun all day.
MINNA, 421— Double front sunny room, suit-
able for light housekeeping.
MINNA, ',49— Fine large room for light house-
keeping or 2 gents; $6.
MINNA, 725—3 nice rooms In front; big yard;
rent $S. ■
MISSION, Sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms; running wafer; no objection to chil-
dren. '
MISSION, 932»-i— Sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping..
MISSION, 1241— Bay-window front and back
parlor; well fur.: light housekeeping; sunny.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny . furnished housekeeping
room?; reasonable.
MISSION, - <>>. near Sixteenth— Furnished front
room, with prate; use of kitchen and yard;
rent $8 month.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ROOM and kitchen;; completely furnished;
reasonable. 18 Lewis St.. oft Taylor, nr. Post.
SAN CARLOS aye., 378—3 furnished rooms and
bath, $15. - ' - -
SEVENTH, 211—2 sunny unfurnished front
rooms; running water; $3.
SOUTH PARK, TO— 2 to 4 furnished house-
keeping rooms. $7 •■> $12; 2 to 4 unfurnished
$5 to $8. i
SUITE of 2 nice . front sunny housekeeping
rooms; 2 fine double folding beds: furniture
all new;' rent $3 per week; .suitable for 3 or
4 persons. Apply at shoestore, C 62 Mission St.,
bet.. First and Second.
TENTH, 111. near Mission— Large sunny rooms
for housekeeping; also others.
TENTH, 186, corner Minna — Sunny furnished
rooms; housekeeping; rent reasonable. 
THIRD.' 804— Furnished, $2 per week up; sin-
gle rooms, $1 25 up; brick building.
THIRD. 362— Sunny suites of housekeeping
■ rooms; ' newly renovated; $10. $8, $7 montn.
TURK. 543—2 sunny rooms complete for house-
keeping; gas and hath: $15. :
TWELFTH. 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
VAN "NESS, 1021 — Sunny front suite; 3 rooms
and kitchen; gas; range: all complete.
BOOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable:
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton ft. Trunks
moved to any part of city. 25c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, : 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable. ■ '■
AT 522 Polk— Furnished and unfurnished jur.ny
suites and single, complete for housekeeping.
AT the Oxford. 231 O'~arrell, elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day or mo.
BARTLETT. 102— Nicely furnished sunny front
alcove room, with board. • ■ . '
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen;- references given.
BUSH, 1124— Elegant single rooms, bath, run-
ning water; grounds; references. '
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDINBURGH. 239 Powell— New house, new
furniture; elegant rooms, en suite, single.
EDDY 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1; week. $2 to. s6; families. -r
EDDY, 614— Large and small rooms; new furni-
ture, closets; 'runnrng water; bath; $6 to $10.
ELEVENTH. 10C— Branch office of The Call:
Subscriptions and ads .taken. „ . i\
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class eunny
•■..rooms suites for gents, $1 SO to $8 week.
FILLMORE, 2308— Hanny furnished parlor suite;
, ■; rent very.; reasonable * -i;-. -- - - . ■■ - '- : •■ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
PO—B OM, 1103— Sunny double bay-window cor-
ner room; two gentlemen; private family;
bath; gas.
FOR single business men, In very quiet house,
with or without breakfast; California, Hyd*
and Polk: references. Box 3220, Call office.
FRANKLIN. 1512— Large furnished front room
for gentleman.
FULTON. 3— Nice sunny rooms to let, day,
week or month.
GEARY, 61S— Large sunny bay-window rooms;
suites and single; light housekeeping.
HAMPTON pi., 3. off Folsom. bet. 2d and 3d— 3
bay-window sunny rooms; yard, basement.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 788-2 or 3 modern sunny rooms;
housekeeping if desired; select neighborhood.
HICKORY aye.. 210. bet. Gough and Octavla
Bts. — t large rooms; nice yard; $10.
HOWARD, 716, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 2So up.
HOWARD, 96TA— Elegant furnished bay-win-
dow room In private family; rent reasonable.
HYDE, 511, near Geary — Nicely furnished room
in private family: reasonable.
LARKIN, 1200— Nice sunny single rooms, $4 mo.
up; good board and room; $3 50 per week.
MARKET, 1055, opposite Jones— Large front
room, furnished or unfurnished.
McALLISTER, 835— Back parlor; sunny; suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlement; reference.
McALLISTER. 122Cr— 2 sunny furnished rooms
with or without board.
MINNA, 687, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-Window room. $1 a week.
MISSION. 2015, near Sixteenth— l sunny front
room for 1 or 2 gentlemen, with or without
h ird ;
MONET on sealskins, silverware, silks and
wtches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NATOMA, ttt, near Fourth— 3 unfurnished
rooms with water and yard.
NEVADA House. IS2 Sixth— Select rooms, $1 50
$4 50 wk., $6 to $15 mo.; also housekeelng.
OAK, 22 Nicely furnished modern rooms. $«
ni". up; suit. 2; private fam., nice location.
O'FARKELL, 203, corner Powell— Nice suite;
also single rooms, by day or month.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms. $S and $10.
POLK, 1133— Sunny rooms; also corner front
room furnished or partly furnished.
POST, 615— Handsome tunny suites and single
rooms; very reasonable.
POST, €22— Sunny 6Ulte or single rooms; first-
class in every respect.
POST. 910— Sunny room for gentleman; run-
ning water; closets: upper flat.
SUTTER. 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed: choice and sunny; reasonable: Investigate.
SEVENTH. 142 (Glrard House)— Sunny suites
and single rooms at lowest rates.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE. 16-18 Mason— European; ele-
gant rms: suite, single: day, week, month;
baths: hot and cold-water: transient: elev'tr.
SIXTEENTH, 3239—2 connecting furnished
rooms with hot :Uid cold water; reasonable.
STEVENSON, 79, next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let.
STOCKTON, 242— Nice sunny rooms, facing
plaza: suites, sir.c'.e; bnths; by day or mo.
THIRD, 21V- Large front room, well lighted,
suitable for office or workroom.
VAN NESS aye., 930— Beautiful sunny rooms,
newly furnished, in new flat; board if desired.
3 UNFURNISHED rooms to let. NW. corner
of Fourth and T"hama sts.
■—— —-— —~~
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
ELLIS, 577— Nicely furnished suite, suitable for
2 or S, with boar-; also single room.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
FULTON. fr33 (The Mlzpah)— A quiet family
hotel: modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GALINDO HOTEL, OAKLAND—
Up to the times: large sunny suites from $12:
! single rooms from $6; board optional; handy
I to all trains.
HYDE. 925— Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet: homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTH ERTON.
HYDE. 40S— Double and single rooms; tirst-
class board; Spanish: $38 a month up.
LELAND Hall. Palo Alto, box 115— Handsome
flat and single rooms, with or without board;
pleasant surroundings: terms reasonable.
MARKET, 1820 (Hotel Las Palmas)— Large
handsome suites; private bath and dining-
room connecting; board optional; also single.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
SITTER. 112S— Sunny suite: single rooms: first-
class board ; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
REFINED home for child over 3 years; sunny
vanJ, $10 per mo. Box n?ri6. Call office.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 234U Sixth at.
STORES TO LET.
BUTCHER shop to let; good locality. Apply
at 125 Beale st.
■ COR. store. 4 rooms. $14; stable If required. 3851
Twenty-fourth st; 22i1-st. cars pass.
SIXTH, 53S— Store. 3 rooms, large yard; rear
entrance; rent $11.
SMALL store to let; rent $15. 228 Ellis st.
__BDIC__
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
CO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; dissrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 53
McAllister st. ; pills, $2.
A TREATMENT thai restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; comfort and privacy;
cure $."; pills $1; every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free and confidential. MRS. DR
WVKTH. :•]- Poet st.. near Larkin.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS
UK". GVYEIt, 22C Turk st.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Sehenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe, sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities; any cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice; home; best skill; low fees; pills. $2.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," letter by return mall; at
druggists Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day: never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. Dlt.
•POPPER. 318 Kearny; orders by te'.egram.
A TREATMENT th_t restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at
office, $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 60. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay »t. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 jO;
express C. O. D. ; don't delaj until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DRR. ELY. late of Ohio. 71 Fourth st.— Ladies'
sire cure; any, all: cure at offlce, $5; pills, $1.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254*4 Fourth st.
DR. HALL, N McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
HORSEP.
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st. ; auction every Tuesday.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN „ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
NEW 3-can milk wagon; 1 light delivery
wagon: light buggy. 1370 Turk st.
PINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and opes
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
PERSONALS.
ON AND after this day 1 will not be respon-
sible for any bills contracted by 'my. wife,
DELIA MCADOO. MATTHEW McApoo> V
J J =- **
.MATRIMONIAL.
ALL Keeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 pages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
DR MAUDE INMAN. electric and medicated
vapor baths. 1055 Market, op. Jones, rs. 1 &2.
NO- VINO, Dr. Terhune's Infallible cure for
drunkenness; given secretly and at home;
absolutely harmless, inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure: all druggists or write direct.
Terhune Remedy Co.. Dept. A, Grand Rapids,
Mich. '■■ .' ' . ■•■-■•■. •-■:
MASSAGE the head . for a few minutes before
retiring' have your. hair dressed here for 25c;
good switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50;
extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from. 9
to 12. G. LEDERER,_ 111 Stockton st.
USE Lederer's Quinonla as a dally wash for
the hair. G. LEDERER, 11 Stockton st. '.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant
avenue. - _______^ . '. ",
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d St.. Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 60 pc? night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made la
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The CalL
Puh«J(Tir.ticns nrni "-ant ads taken.
BttSSgM / ■ KKRgI
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, ■■ stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles* French Tailoring
College. 916 Market St. •
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reVeal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
Etolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.: perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth. ,
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight:
diagnoses disease: full life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles. 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth St.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions: L., 25c; G.. 60c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 2.> c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120"; Geary st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession; never fails: advice: help. 929 Post.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader: 25c up; charms given. 73 Fourth st.
YMF LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant.
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
>riit:iiAi.isv
MME!. ■ YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlpht. l A c. 605 McAllister. Fine music.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 85c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. FULTON-TULEY, materializing seance
to-night, 60c. 1618 Geary st. .
MRS. BLAIR and assistants. 963 Mission St.,
room IS; massage and alcohol baths.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton St.: old No. 21R.
MRS. SHIUNER. clairvoyant for Vuslness and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room S.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 12"".. Sixth Bt.. room 14.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings,
$1; circles Tues.. 2; Sat, eve., 8 p. m.; 25c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Halght st. .......
HYPNOTISM-
CAL. Institute, 406 Geary; hypnotism taught;
i diplomas issued: diseases and habits cured. •
"dentists.
; A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 114 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings, $1 up;
silver, 50c up; artificial teeth repaired.. $1
■ up; our crown and bridge work is the best;
hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 1.
969 Mission, cor. Sixth: branch, 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: er trading 50c: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro-Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997. Market St.. corner Sixth.
OirlO Dental Parlors. 819 Market st., Acad-
emy of Sciences building, fifth floor; painless
dentistry. ■ ■ '
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
• ftVONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at Shi per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate la
probate, life Insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mo-
COLGAX. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or 'Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. '
' HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the IoT/est rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st: tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up:
private party. BONNKLLI. 130 Powell st.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commls.; low Interest Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
late, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
j $50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
! any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery St.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market at.
ON pianos, .furniture: no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister «t.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MONEY WANTED.
$3000 PRIVATE loan wanted: reasonable rate
on income business property. Box 3263. Call.
WANTED— Improved property $2000: no
agents. ! K. X., box 6. Call office. Oakland. .
FINANCIAL. '
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFKE PROS.. IPS Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 . Mason st, bet. Market and Eddy.
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATH
• LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.; private rooms.
"~~ STORAGE.
FT^i^srT^B^eo~ioyMijTsyrsEvio^.
121 Sixth St.. open evenings. - ■
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. '■ J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rate's— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint MM.
~~ . TYFEWRIIERS. '
ALL typewriters sold and . rented; few partly
used . for sale cheap; ; send for • samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.; 110 Montgomery
-..-. ... i PHYSICIANS. " : ',\i/,-'.'[ ,:. ;: \-
DR. C. ; C. ;O 1 DO- -NELL, office and residence,
■ 1206 , Market; ? diseases of women a specialty.
......... ..-. .■- <..:.,.- >■- ..;.■.-. ..:,.,.. .
CITY REAL -ESTATE.
$650 AND up . will build • 4-room cottages: will
- call ■ GEO. : M. SALSBURY, builder, 621 X
; St., Sunset District. ■■..' v ' ••
INSTALLMENT. HOUSES.
The best-situated spot In the city for
homes; right on a car line; corner Castro and |
Twentieth sts. ; only 4 out of 28 houses re- 1
maining unsold; 1 large 6-room house, $3600, '
highly decorated, street accepted; 1 8-room
cottage, $2800; 1 6-room cottage, $2400, and 1
4-room cottage, $2250. F. NELSON, owner
and builder. ■ ' . .
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris. . 'Phone Brown 523.
ONLY $13 60 a month will buy a new 4-room
and bath cottage; good neighborhood; 5 • al-
ready sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery st.
NEW 4-room cottage for sale; Bernal ; Heights;
price. $900. Address box 323?, Call office.
FOR Sale— 7-room house, barn and lot. In-
quire 510 San Jose aye.
— — — — — — — — — —^— — i^ ■
\ country real ESTATE.
eastonTeldrTdge^&^oT "*~~"
real estate AGENTS,
638 Market St., San Francisco.
We make a specialty of handling choice villa
sites, country residences, mountain homes and
small farms, lying between San Francisco and
San Jose. . ' •:-..;.
Having secured a fine list of these properties,
at low prices, we can make special induce-
ments; climate ~ unsurpassed; no fog; quick
transportation, etc.
SWEENY RANCH. ,
Near Redwood' City, San Mateo County; in
tracts of 100 acres or less; rich soil; plenty of
water; this property Immediately adjoins Red-
wood City and Is only 1 hour's ride from San
Francisco; suitable for . small ■ home farms;
price below all former quotations and upon
unusually easy terms.
FOR RENT.
A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME.
Situated in the foothills west of Stanford
University, overlooking the Santa Clara Val-
ley and the bay; handsome furnished house of
12 rooms, bath. etc. ; fine spring water, fruit
trees, stable and outhouses; will rent for a
term of years; only 30 miles from San Fran-
cisco. . ■ .
Choice Income property In" Redwood
City; half block of land; good house and barn.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS.
For Suburban Homes.
Especially adapted to . raising deciduous
fruits; subdivisions of 10 and 20 acres each In
the Newhall & Wise tract; low prices; very
easy terms; small cash payments, balance
monthly; 1% miles from Mountain View Sta-
tion. y<_.:;U : :
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st., 1 San Francisco, or Branch Office,
Redwood City.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. .
MEXICO— Lands in Tropical Mexico for rais- |
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla, ,
etc. large and small tracts. For further in- j
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni- !
cle building, representing the Int. Land and i
Col. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico. ',
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co., bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfield; house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenar.t. Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO., Real Est. Agts.. 630 Market.
TEH AM A County, SO acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta Co.. CaL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 LOT, worth $150, In the Alle- dale Settle-
ment, East Oakland; $.". cash, $5 monthly;
build your own home or we will build it for
you; payment as rent; all streets graded,
some macadamized; 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best; calf or send for circu-
lar, 455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carrige free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
A SPECIAL bargain— new modern cot-
tage; 6 rooms and bath: furnished; in High-
land Park, East Oakland: lot 5uxl00: any
reasonable terms. BELDEN & COOK, 1112
Broadway, Oakland.
MUST be sold— Corner lot. 100x150. with 5
houses, bringing In a rental of $85 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot:
will be sold In whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CAI-LAGHAN. 814 Broadway. Oakland.
Oakland houses.
HOU : PeT"tO~ L~ET~ I nToAKL ANd!
Corner cottage. 5 rooms $17
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 12
Upper modern flat, 6 rooms .14
2-story neat 6-room house..... 18
Choice sunny 8-room house 22
10-room residence, fine 60
These and many more, both . larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. 1058 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
SUNNY rooms, en suite or single, furnished or
unfurnished; elegant private residence; every
convenience; large well kept grounds. 715 Bth.
OAKLAND HOrSKKKKPINO ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1229—3 furnished or unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; first class: first-floor.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD
FIFTEENTH, 72G— Pleasant sunny front rooms,
with board; private; large yard.
SUNNY rooms; good home board: reasonable;
no children. 1020 Adeline. Oakland, nr. trr.i v
' OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408
Eleventh st..< Oakland.
OAKLAND MEDIUM.
MRS. PALMER, medium and magnetic healer,
cordially invites the public to call; business
readings. 875 Washington St., r. 3, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE, j
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800. j *°:00, $2600. $3000.
The above are . lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on'" market for non-payment
of Installments, and they ire now offered at a
great sacrifice to close 'accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
alm^t new, and located near schools and sta-
tions. -" ' ' . , : ■
We are going to weed them out and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$750— 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, ' near
Bchoolhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good bouse of
6 rooms and . one of 4 rooms.
$1600 — Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station. ■
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and nign school.
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
I Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st. |
BERKELEY REAL STATIC.
$2700— FINE house of 8 rooms; lot 40 x 160:
street work all done; splendid view. JOSEPH
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
$1250— VERY big bargain; house of 6 rooms
and bath.' etc.: lot 40x130; improvements cost
$1200. . JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate.
Berkeley station. --
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
j Villa lots ar>'J acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes
9 from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st. •
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, " English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
■■■' surveying, assaying, etc. ; ; 20. teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue. .
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for ' the uni- i
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc. ;
day and evening, sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' ■ Business £• College, -■ 723 Market v st. ;
Individual instruction : In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping." telegrj(phy, • etc. ; • • life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and % rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. ■ Room 672,'; 855 Market st. v :
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, ■ • piano and ' other
instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
. Twenty-fourth st. ■ '•■";,* .:.''_.. .. '7
ENGINEERING School -.civil, electrical, mm'-
' Ing. mech. survey, asßay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. •■-: VAN PER : NAILEN. 933 Market.
WEBSTER.. 2107% — Piano . teacher; studied In
- Paris; terms reasonable ; : . best references. •
VOICE culture, ptano.' Paris graduate; French,
.Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
387 ; HAVES Branch ; office ' of -' The Call.
v Subscriptions and ads taken. ; ; »V; •£■„■;. '-'- :\": \ " ,
"■■ ' ■■'■;-■ -'■■;- •■'. A '• ''l"'*:'':- . -
LOST.
LOST— Sunday . afternoon, gentleman's wed-
ding ring; engraved inside. M. M, to F. L.
H.. March 2S, 1S»4; reward. 36 California st.
LOST — Great • Dane, male; blue color; ears
cropped; no dew claws; liberal reward. MRS.
ALFRED RONCOVIERI, 722 California st.
PLAIN gold ring with diamond set; reward.
2876 Sixteenth st. .-....-.-
SATURDAY afternoon, vicinity of Masonic
Cemetery, an alligator purse. Please return
to G. LEIPNITZ CO., 250 Sutter st.; reward.
LOST— An envelope containing $4 50. Please re-
turn to 24 Sixth St., room 39.
LOST— Red leather pocketbook containing U.
S. Government certificate dated June, ISB4,
and other papers; no value. Leave at saloon
corner Fourth and Townsend sts. and receive
reward. ■ . ' .
LOST— A small light-brown cocker spaniel; $20
reward. Return to 424 Post st.
LOST— pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan . Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CHARLES B. LEARNED. No.
191,234. The finder will please return to bank.
BANK book, San Francisco Savings Union,
CHAS. B. LEARNED; also . small black
pocketbook, containing . promissory note
drawn Nov. 20, 1593, in favor, same party.
CASH given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
. PKOPEKTV 1O fc-YCUANGL-:.
TWO stores and 6-room flat; In city $5000
House and lot in Napa City for house and
lot in city or Oakland 3000
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61 8000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, S.F.
37 rooms; business corner in city; 4 lots.
Owner, 472 Eighth St., room 8, Oakland.
NEW house and lot to exchange for lots. Call
329 Thirteenth st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
HOUSE or cottage. 6 or 7 rooms: installment:
state price and terms. Box 3129. Call office.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Office of the Registrar of Voters, j
City Hall.
Sealed bids will be received by the Board of
Election Commissioners in open session on
Saturday, April 16, IS9S, at 10 o'clock a. m., as
follows:
First— For repairing and setting up election |
houses in such special election precincts as j
may be designated by the Registrar. of Voters, j
and repairing and setting up within the same ;
the compartments, stands and tables, and for |
taking down all the election houses erected and
storing them, together with compartments,
stands and tables, in the city's warehouse, near
Fourth and Hooper streets.
Second — For furnishing . polling places with
chairs, lamps and oil.
Third— printing and furnishing twenty- i
five thousand (20,000) maps, lithographed, for
tbe eighteen assembly districts.
All work to be done in conformity to the
specifications, and subject to the conditions
imposed by section No. 3245 of the Political
Code. ■ . . .
Plans and specifications and penalties to be
Imposed for any violation of the same are now
on file' at the office of the Registrar of Voters.
W. J. BIGGY.
Registrar of Voters, City and County of San
Francisco.
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton— Office
Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal., April
12, 1898.
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here and at offices of Commissaries at
Alcatraz Island, Angel Island, Benicia Bar-
racks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Francisco
and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11 o'clock
a. m.. May 12, IS9S, and then opened, for fur-
nishing the fresh beef and fresh mutton in bulk
required at those posts by the Subsistence De-
partment. United States Army, during period
commencing July 1, and ending December 31,
1895. : Fresh beef shall be good in quality and
condition fit for, immediate use, and from fore
and hind-quarter meats proportionally, includ-
ing all the best cuts thereof. Fresh mutton
shall be of good, fat and marketable quality,
from wethers over one and under three years
old. . . Beef and mutton to be . dressed and
trimmed and delivered as prescribed in circular
of instructions. Proposals will be also received
stating price at which bidder will deliver fresh
beef or mutton of character above stated, and
to be delivered of temperature not greater than
50 degrees Fahrenheit. Government reserves
right to reject in whole or in part any or all
bids. Instructions furnished on ' application to
Post Commissaries or CHARLES P. EAGAN,
Colonel, Chief Commissary. .
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— Clerk's office, Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, IS9S.
In accordance with Resolution ' No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON Sep-
tember 12, 1898, between the hours of 2:30
and 3 o'clock. - •
' The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick
or of both, with all the latest scientific lm-
p'rovements 'required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ity as being indispensable In the construction
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet-
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet; thence due south seven , hundred and
sixty-five (7C5) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
•along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
9.659 acres. ■ '•'*-'
The said plans and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
building.
NOTlCE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their I plans and ■ specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring eight (8) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to Insure the
' completion and construction of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the board to be second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
$1000, $730 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
j useful or necessary he. embodied In the plans
adopted may be used without further cost or
_ JNO. A. RUSSELL. Cleric
. MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriag* licenses were granted
yesterday: ■ . . ■ ■
G. Ratto and Antonieta Piombo, 34-18.
John Worrall and Ann E. Kane, 60-4 S. , ' : '•'; -i:
G. W. Mitchell Jr. and Edith Burkhardt, 32-28
R. C. Monteagle and Marie H. E. Berg, 38-24.
F. M. Clark and Bernice G. Crutchfleld. 31-20.
Jolfh Warfman and Kate Carroll, 33-36.
Emil J. Hargens and Emllle Cohn, 23-22.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will ' not be Inserted. ' They must be
handel In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. •
BORN.
GOSLAND— In this city. April. 11, 1898, to the
wife of Thomas Gosland, a son. .
GOTTUNG— In • this city, April 7, 1898, to the
wife of Charles J. Gottung, a son.
LUEHNING— In Suisun, Cal., April 3, 1898, to
the wife of E. Luehning, a daughter.' \
McDONALD— In this city, April 7, 1898. to the
wife of Frank C. McDonald, a daughter.
MOULTON— In \ Elliott. April 7, 1898. to the
wife of Ed Moulton, a son and a daughter.
PAGE— In this city, to the wife of Ernest Hut-
: ley Pase, a son.
PHILLIPS— In Napa, April 7, 1898. to the wife
;of James Phillips, a son. •.• -,
SNEAD— In Dixon, Cal., April 3, 1898, to the
wife of Steve Snead, a son.
.. ■.MARRIED.-
BE ARDSLEY— NELSON— Netr Lodl, April 6,
IS9B, •by the Rev. L. Fellers, Delos Beardsley
■and L. Coral Nelson, v ■ ••
CARBON— In San Jose, April 6, 1898.
by the. Rev. J. B. Andrews, Charles C. Derby
and Mary Grace Carson.
RICHEY— In Santa Cruz, April 9, 1898,
by Justice Gardner, ' H. . Richey . and Myrtle
James. : .
-• ; : .- £ ■ DIED. :.. -— —
Conwell,; Bridget Miller. Dlna ' ,
Deveaux, Sophia ' Monohan, Thomas J.
Duebel, William Murphy. Mrs. Mary <
. Fatjo, ■ Joaquln J. Newport, Benjamin
Fautsch, Francis E. Nolan, Cecelia B.
Halpln, George C. Page, Mary S.
: Hernandez. Mrs. R. - • Picinich. Martin
Hlgglns, Charles M. ... Qulnn, Patrick .
Jacoby, Edward S. -.. " . : Riordan. , Cornelius
," Jenkins. ■ Muriel L. > Roberts, Ferdinand- D
• Lambert. Sarah - '.Rogers, Annie-
Leary, Daniel Smith, : Rev. Patrick
. Lloyd, Milton H. • Tllden, Hannah C.
Luhr, August > '; Tyack, Annie E.
■ -. McNaily. Michael - Vecker, Warren
Meier, Annie I. ," Wade, William H.
COLVENBACK-In this city, April 11, 1898, Au- ]
gust, infant son of Henry And Amn.Ha Col-
venback, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 3
months and 22 days.
CONWELL— In this city, April 10, 1898, Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late Thomas Con-
well. and mother of James, Lizzie, Thomas,
Charles, Annie and Maud Conwell, a native
of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 64 years.
(C^The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 139 Center street, off Brannan, be-
tween Second and Third, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
DEVEAUX— In this city, April 10. IX9B, Sophia
Deveaux, a native of Canada, aged 97 years.
DUEBEL— In this city. April 11, 1898, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved son of Charles A. and
Frieda Duebel, and brother of Charles Duebel
Jr., a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years
10 months and 11 days.
(C?" The. funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 271S* Union street, be-
tween Broderick and Baker. Interment pri-
vate, I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
FATJO— In Volta. Merced County, April 3, IS9B,
Joaquin J. Fatjo.
ETBuried in Santa Clara April 5. IS9S. A
solemn requiem maps will be offered up for
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock this day
(Tuesday), at the Church of Nuestra Senora
de Guadalupe. Friends are kindly invited to
attend.
FAUTSCH— In the City and County Hospital,
April 11. IS9S. Francis Eugene Fautsch, a na-
tive cf France, aged 67 years.
HALPIN— In this city. April 11. IR9S, George
C, beloved son of John A. and Mary Halpln,
a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years.
[TT'Tlie funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 567 Harrison street. In-
terment private.
HERNANDEZ— In San Jose. April R. 189S, Mrs.
Rose Hernandez, a native of California, aged
42 years.
HIGGINS— In this city, April 10. 1898, Charles
M., beloved son of Maurice and the late
Mary Higgins, and brother of Maurice Hig-
gins, a native of S.n Francisco, aged 21
years.
CVFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lat«
residence, 1206 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hij
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACOBY— In this city, April 10. 189 S. Edward
S.. Bon of Henry Jacoby, and brother of Mrs.
Emil Pohll, a native of Germany, aged 31
years.
(TT'Friends and acquaintances are invited to
attend the funeral at the c anel of crema-
tory of Odd Fellows' Cemetery this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock.
JENKINS— In this city, April 10, 1598, Muriel
Lillian, beloved infant daughter of J. and
E. M. Jenkins, and granddaughter of Mrs.
M. S. and the late E. R. Lane, a native ol
San Francisco, aged 1 year and 5 months.
LAMBERT— In Cloverdale, April 9. IS9R, Sarah,
beloved wife of William Lambert, and mother
of Mrs. C. G. Hightower and George, Thorr.aa
A. and the late William L. Lambert, a na-
tive of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 74 years 1
months and 19 days.
LEARY— In this city, April 10, 1898, Daniel,
beloved husband of the late Ellen Leary, a
native of Dunmanway, County Cork,. Ireland,
aged 79 years.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 23
Fifth street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a requiem high mass will be celebratej
for the repose of his soul, at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crews Cemetery.
LLOYD— In this city, April 10, IR9B, Milton H..
beloved husband of Sallle H. Lloyd, and
father of Edith I. and Milton E. Lloyd, a
native of Bath, Me. (Brooklyn, N. V., and
Bath, Me., papers please copy).
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 :4", o'clock, from the parlors
of James McMenomy & Son, 1057 Mission
street, near Seventh. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 3:30 o - clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
CALIFORNIA HARBOR NO. 15— To officers
and members of California Harbor No. 15:
You are hereby requested to attend the fu-
neral of our deceased brother. Milton A.
I.loyd, this dny i Tuesday), at 2:45 o'clock,
from the parlors of James McMenomy & Son,
10, - i7 Mission street, near Seventh.
LUHR— In this city, April 11. 1898, August,
dearly beloved son of Marie Luhr. and
brother of William Luhr, iirs. J. Schloen,
Mrs. C. H. Linn, Mrs. C. Stollinr and Mrs.
C. Sehroeder. a native of Scharembeck. Ger-
many, aged 2S years 7 months and 14 days.
McNALLY— In this city. April 11, IS9R, Michael,
beloved husband of Kate McNally, father of
Willie, Michael Joseph, Mary Agnes. Cather-
ine Tr-resa and John Edward HcNally, and
brother of William and James McNally, a na-
tive of the parish of Kilicommon, County
Mayo, Ireland, aged 3* years.
C^"Notice of funeral hereafter.
MEIER— In this cit • April 9. 1898. Annie 1.,
beloved wife of Charles Meier, a native of
Inverness. Scotland, aged 32 years 11 mon;ns
and 23 days. (Los Angeles papers please
copy).
U.?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the iuneral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her
late residence, 5U5 Mason street.
MILLER— In this city. April 11. IR9S. Dma,
beloved wife of B. Miller, mother of Mrs.
H. Lichtenstein, Sol Aaron and Lottie Miller,
and sister of Mrs. M. Levy, a native of
Bavaria, (|frmany, aged 6S years.
[ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
MOXOHAN- In the City and County Hospital,
April 11. 1888, Thomas Josepb Monohan, a na-
tive of New York, aged 43 years.
Mt'RPHY'— ln Napa City. Cal.. April 9. isns,
Mrs. Mary Murphy, relict of the late Mala-
chi Murphy, and dearly beloved' mother of
J. F. Murphy and Mrs. Agnes Kearney, a
native of Clonmel, Ireland, aged 60 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, /rum St. Patrick's
Church, Mission street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment private.
NEWPORT— Near Vataville, April 6, 1898, Ben-
jamin Franklin Newport, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 61 years.
NOLAN— In this city. April 9, 1898, Cecelia 8.,
beloved daughter of Patrick and Ellen Nolan,
and sister of Mrs. Hugh McCafferty, Mrs.
M. E. Tillman, Mrs. C. A. Clinton, Mrs. M.
Arzburgur. Miss P. M. Nolan and Edward
J. and William F. Nolan, a native of San
Francisco.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her 'brother-in-law. Walter S. Tillman,
2939 Folsom street, thence to St. Charlea
Church. Eighteenth and Shotwell streeta,
where a solemn requiem ...ass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, corrnuenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Kindly omit flowers.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PAGE— In this city, April 10, 189S, Mary Swarm
Page, sister of the late Robert C. Page, a
native of London County, Virginia.
PICINICH— In this city. April 11. IS9B at St.
Mary's Hospital, Martin Picinich, a native
of Palmatia. Austria, aged 42 years. A mem-
ber of Court Acme No. 51, F. of A.
$y Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
QVINN— In this city, April 11. 1898, Patrick,
beloved husband of Catherine Quinn, and
father of Man. Emma, Thomas and the late
Margaret and Peter Quinn. a native of
County Longford, Ireland, aged 70 years.
RIORDAN— In this city, April P, ISM*. Corne-
lius, beloved husband of Mary A. Riordan,
and father of Dan P., Con J., Lalla. Mollie
and Kittle F. Riordan, n native of Macroom.
County Cork. Ireland, aged 6f' years.
ICTThe funeral Will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 71T.A McAllister street. Interment pri-
vate, Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In the City and County Hospital.
April 11. IS9B, Ferdinand Deaoto Roberts, a
native of Indiana, aged 47 years.
ROGERS— In this city, Ajiril 11. IS9S. Annie,
beloved daughter of Michael and the late
Catherine Rogers, and sister of Mrs. O.
Heffernan, a native of San Francisco, aged
30 years.
SMITH— In Modesto, Cal., April 10, 1898, Rev.
Patrick Smith, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aged 55 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from Pt. Mary's Cathedral. O'Far-
rel street and Van Ness avenue, where a
solemn requiem hieh mass will be celebrated
for the repote of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
TILDEN— In this city, April 1", 1898. Hannah
C., wife of Charles L. Tilden, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 7". years.
[TTFriencls are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1113
Golden Gate avenue. Interment Hingham,
Mass. Please omit flowers.
TTACK— In Fruitvale. April 10, IS9S, Annie E.,
beloved daughter of Mrs. Tyack. sister of
Mrs. Alpha Westfall and Arthur and Wil-
burn Son, and mother of I>ulcle Adelaide, a
native of California, aged 25 years 5 months
and 7 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the mother of the deceased, rtassett street,
near Fourteenth. Fruitvale. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery-
VECKER— At Union Hotel, April 11. 189S, War-
ren Vecker, a native of California.
WAPE— In this city. April 11. iSns. William H.
Wa.de of Sonoma, beloved husband of the late
Ellen C. Wade, a native ot Boston, Mass.,
aged -"2 yeors.
(CTFrlemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother-in-law, Walter T. Rob-
inson. 2">34 Howard street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
IMc*A VO V "f 'c ALLAG HEH E R . I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS &, EMBALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln SshoDi. I
Telephone, South SO. I
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW 5- ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMRAI.MEK3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market St.. Saa
Francisco. Telephone So. 156.
910
SHOT IN THE
FOOT BY AN
EX-CONVICT
Arrest of "Paddy"
McDonald, a Desper
ate Character.
Caught Breaking Into a
Car, He Wounds a
Citizen.
Louis Debare, His Victim, Posi
tively Identifies Him in
the City Prison.
GUILTY OF MANY CRIMES.
His Aeoomplloo Now Awaiting Tria
ior Robbing a Cigar
Store.
"Poddy" McDonald, an ex-convict, was
arrested last night by Detectives Ryan
and ODea and Railroad Detective Lewln
and booked on two charges of burglary
and one of an assault to commit murder.
On the morning of March 22 Louis De
bare, who is employed by the Western
Meat Market Company, drove to Fourth
and Townsend streets, intending to in-
Bpect the cars containing the meat con
signed to his employers. Aa he reached
the cars he discovered McDonald and an
other man acting in a suspicious man
ner.
Thinking: that they intended to break
Into the cars Debare proceeded to ques
tion them. For a reply McDonald drew
his revolver and fired at Debare. The bul-
"Paddy" McDonald.
let struck the latter In the right foot,
making a serious wound. Although par
tially crippled by the shot the brave man
pursued McDonald, but failed to overtake
him. As he abandoned the chase the
murderous ex-convict tired another shot
at his victim, but failed to hit him.
The following day the police were noti
fied of the occurrence, and Detectives
Ryan and ODea were detailed to arrest
the shooter.
An Investigation revealed that the men
had broken into a car, but were prevented
from taking anything by the appearance
of Detoare on the scene. Evidently think
ing he was a railroad detective McDonald
used his revolver in the hope of escaping
arrest.
By dint of Inquiry the detectives learned
that the men had entered a store at Kate
and Bryant streets and stole a large
quantity of tobacco and other articles.
McDonald's accomplice, who is known as
"Jim" Hart, was shortly afterward ar
rested and charged with burglary. His
case la now pending in Judge Conlan's
court.
Last night McDonald was apprehended
find locked up In the City Prison. He was
positively Identified by Debare as the man
who shot him.
McDonald is well known to the police.
Last December he was arrested for burg
lary, but had the charge reduced to petty
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured By
©ticmn
The most effective skin purifying and
beautifying soap in the world, as well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and
nursery.
It is the only preventive of pimples,
blackheads, red, rough, and oily skin, red,
rough hands with shapeless nails, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and simple baby
blemishes'. It is so because it strikes at
the cause of most complex ional disfigura-
tions, viz., the Clogged, . Irritated,
Inflamed, Overworked, ob Sluggish
Poke. =< r^
I puttered two years with Acne. I have tried
all kinds of medicines but they did me no good
I have used ninecakesof yonf Soap, and I am
cured. My skin ia as smooth as any baby.
Feb. 22. IR9B. LEE L. FISHER,
923J4 X. Compton Aye., St. Louis, Mo.
Before using Ci-tkira Soap, my face and
bauds were just as rouprh as they could he and
my face was all covered with pimples. I was
Unfit to look at, but after using Cuticdba
Si a !■ t hree weeks my face -was equal to velvet.
Feb. G. 18-JB. PAUL DUPRE, Chaler, La.
I suffered -with blackheads and pimples for
two or three years until it became chronic. I
tried everything imaginable, but it did me no
irood. CtrnooaA Soap cured me.
Tub. 20, '98. L. V. GILU AM, Oak P. 0., Va.
I was troubled for eight years with pimples
on the face. I commenced using Cuticcra
P«»AP. In a very short time the pimples all
disappeared ami* my sUm Is now In a healthy
condition. JA.Mi-s FOSTER.
Feb. 17, 1808. Dixmont, Allegheny Co., Pa.
Sold throughout the world. Pric*. 2Sc. Pottbb Dbco
larceny. He was convicted by a jury and
sent to the County Jail for six months.
Prior to that he was convicted of burg
lary and sent to San Quentin for one
year.
DUPED BY A FORGER.
Mrs. Addie Chamberlain Purchases
Property and Is Given Worth
less Deeds.
Superior Judge Bahrs has a knotty
problem to solve In the Hiilt of Mrs. Mar
paret Byrnes, a widow, to have the deeds
by which Mrs. Addie Chamberlain lays
claim to pieces of property at the corner |
of Burrows and Williams streets and on j
Bast avenue near Laurel avenue, set |
aside. Mrs. Byrnes alleges that the. deeds ;
held by the defendant are forgeries. Mrs. '
I'hamberlain was an Innrccent purchaser \
of the land, and would sustain severe loss
If her claim to the property was decided |
to be not legal.
According to the story of Mrs. Byrnes, i
Louis E. Schroerier. a barber, who was |
married to her niece, forged the deeds .
held by Mrs. Chamberlain, and had some
woman represent herself before a notary I
public when the papers were being ac- I
knowledged, as the real owner of the i
property.
Schroeder was convicted of horse steal- I
ln^ some time afterward, and prior to the I
discovery' of the forged deeds. He sub
sequently made his escape from San
Quentin prison ajid is still at large.
Judge Rahrs has taken the case under
advisement.
WARM ENOUGH
FOR ANYBODY
About the Least Chilly April
Day That Ever Dallied With
San Francisco.
People Asked the Usual Fool Ques
tion and the Butter Showed Visible
Signs of Yielding.
Several people were heard to ask yes
terday, "Is it hot enough for you?" If
anybody took the trouble to reply he
answered in the affirmative. The
weather was hot enough for the most
exacting salamander, so perspiring na
tives opined, and yet to the man from
the sizzling East it was hardly more
than a suggestion of spring. A day
which is anathematized as "hot" and
is simply moderate proves that this
city has the finest of climates, but that
those who get the benefit do not al
ways appreciate their blessings.
Yesterday the maximum temperature,
according to the weather bureau, was
83 9-10 degrees and with the exception
of April 24, 1597, was the warmest re
corded here for this season of the year
in more than a decade. On that date
it was 84. While people noticed that
the temperature had gone up, and the
more thoughtful of them left their over
coats at home, there was no inconven
ience felt. Butter on the restaurant
table lost a measure of its solidity,
there was a good demand for beer, and
long cool drinks were in particular fa
vor. Nobody rode inside a street car
if there was a seat on the dummy.
Of course the weather bureau has an
explanation of the sudden change, be
ing sustained by the Government part
ly for this purpose. It says it was
brought about by high pressure prevail
ing over the northern half of Califor
nia. This has jammed a lot of warm
air out of place and sent it scurrying
down the coast looking for a chance to
alight, and part of the sultry breeze
shed itself right here. This breeze
may have acquired a nortion of its
warmth through the friction generated
by the gait it struck, although the
weather bureau gives no hint of this.
At Sacramento the wind was moving
at the rate of thirty-two miles an hour,
but toward evening it dropped to eight
een. It was not an invigorating wind,
but promoted the tired feeling charac
teristic of spring, gentle spring.
Reports from all over the State indi
cate excessively warm weather as gen
erally prevailing with an average tem
perature of 80 degrees. A change in
the temperature may be expected to
night with heavy fogs and a decided
cooling of the atmosphere. The high
pressure at present prevailing will in
all probability work its way southeast
ward, and cooler weather is predicted
by the Government's weather sharps.
EASTER DANCE
AT THE PALACE
Magnificent Entertainment
Given by University Club
Men at Maple Hall.
Easter week was brilliantly inaugurated ;
with a dance given by twelve young bach- ;
elors who are among the most popular
University Club men met at Maple Hall \
of the Palace Hotel last evening.
Thomas C. Berry, Albert J. Dibblee,
Harrison Dibblee. Robert M. Eyre, Fred- j
crick W. McNear, Walter S. Martin, ;
Henry W. Poett, Gerald L. Rathbone. !
Augustus Taylor, William H. Taylor Jr., j
Clement P. Tobin and Harry N. Stetson
have been extensively entertained during !
the season, and took the opportunity of i
returning in splendid fashion the many
hospitalities offered them.
Walter S. Martin was the moving spirit
In the elegant, well-managed affair, and
took almost entire charge of the enter- !
talnment. Mrs. Lloyd Tevis, Mrs. E. E. I
Eyre, Mrs. J. B. Crockett, Mrs. William j
Gwin Jr., Mrs. Southard Hoffman, Mrs.
E. W. Hopkins, Mrs. W. H. Taylor and
Mrs. R. J. Wilson acted as patronesses !
and assisted the gentlemen in receiving i
their guests, some 200 in number.
The Maple Hall and adjoining reception \
and banquet hall were ' elaborately dec-!
orated for the occasion. In tue prettily i
arranged dressing-room brilliant-hued I
carnations made a pleasing decoration, j
Easter lilies bloomed In the reception- j
room, and roses made the dancing-hall i
fragrant and beautiful. Everywhere giant !
palms and cool green brakes and ferns j
made a pleasing bacKground for the elab- i
orate decorations.
The hour stated In the invitations was 9
O'clock, but It was close upon 10 before |
the guests began to arrive and dancing \
was inaugurated.
At midnight an elaborate cupper was
served at small round tables, each boast- ,
ing an individual and elegant decoration, j
After supper dancing was resumed and |
continued until the early morning hours. |
The affair was one of the most elegant i
and magnificent of the sea-son of lSy?-.»S — a
season celebrated for its many elaborate
I entertainments.
HE WILL PLEAD INSANITY.
That Will Be the Defense of the Mur-
derer of Mary Costillia.
The trial of Kamikichi Tauchi, who shot
and killed Marj^Costillia on December 20,
was resumed yesterday before Judge Wal
lace and a jury. The defendant was re
called to the stand for further cross-ex
amination by Assistant District Attorney
Black. He repeated his former story of
having killed the woman while in a fit of
jealous rage and that he was temporarily
insane at the time.
A continuance was thrn granted until
this morning to allow the defense an op
portunity to subpena witnesses, who, it
Is claimed, will testify that Tauchi acted
as if half demented for some time prior
to the murder.
Fractured His Skull.
A. Betsuni, a Japanese, was cleaning a
window In the second story r.f the house,
1909 Vallejo street, yesterday afternoon,
when he missed his hold and fell to the
ground. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the ambulance where it was
found that his skull was badly fractured
and he was in a critical condition.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
STORM-STAYED IN EAGLE HARBOR.
The codfishing schooner Arago had several narrow escapes during her
last cruise. For weeks -she could not put to sea and Icicles gathered every
where, the running gear froze, the windlass became a solid mass and sev
eral of the crew were frostbitten. The schooner was detained so long that
she was given up for lost.
HEAVY STORMS
IN BERING SEA
Terrible Experience of the
Schooner Arago's
Crew.
For Weeks They Were In an
Arctic Hurricane That
Brought Death.
Considerable Anxiety Felt Over the
Non-Arrival of the Alexander
at Kadiak.
The codfishing schooner Arago, which
left here last October for Sagd Point,
had a very hard time up north. For
weeks a.t a time it was impossible to
lower a dory, and during a heavy gale
three of the crew were drowned. When
a chance did come to work the vessel
the running gear was found to be frozen
and the windlass was set into a solid mass
so it was impossible to hoist the anchor
until the ice was thawed away with hot
water. From February 6 to February 22
the schooner was one mass of icicles, and
Captain Stensland says that when the
sun's rays struck her she was the most
beautiful sight he ever saw. Long icy
pendants hune from the bowsprit, the
rigging, booms, and formed in a series of
network on the vessel's sides. It took the
crew all their time to keep warm, and
several of the boys were frost-bitten dur
ing the cold spell.
"It is not true that my sailors were
drunk when their dory capsized," said
Captain Stensland yesterday, when talk
ing about the drowning of the three men.
"The weather up there had been very
bad, and Captain Carlson of the schooner
Mary and Ida, after trying in vain for
six weeks to get to the westward, gave
up the unequal fight and put into Eagle
Harbor. When 1 put in there in the
Arago I anchored in the outer harbor,
while Carlson had gone into the inner
harbor, about five miles away. I was
very anxious to get news from San Fran
cisco, and as Peter Jensen, O. Stevens and
J. Jones were more than anxious to go
to the Mary and Ida, I at last gave my
consent for them to make the visit. They
started at 8 a. m., and as the wind was
blowing hard in the direction. of the Mary
and Ida they made the trip in two hours.
Owing "to the driving sleet I could I not
see when they left on the return trip,
but I kept lights burning until after mid
night, and had men on - the lookout S all
night. . ,
"Next morning Captain Carlson of the
Mary and Ida paid me a visit, and I then
learned that my men had started for their
ship at 2:30 p. m. the day ' before. a I sent
the mate and two men out in one dory
and I took two men and went in another,
and soon after we had begun our search
we found the overturned dory, but could
get no trace of the men. "We. kept the
search up for five days, but never saw
a sign of the three fishermen again.
"Now - there was a party on the Mary
and Ida,- but there was nobody drunk, as
there was nothing to get drunk on. Who
ever brought that story down simply told
what was not true, as there was not an
ounce of spirituous liquors on either
schooner.
"After getting away from Eagle. Harbor
we made Sand Point, and ; there we lay
until March 22, thinking every " day we
would be driven ; ashore, , in ■ spite ' of our
two anchors. It blew a gale the whole
time from the southeast, and we could
not see the ship's length for the driving
snow and sleet. . When the weather did
moderate a little we finally. got away for
San > Francisco; The fates were --.: still
against us, however, as during : the run
here we encountered nothing but north
erly winds and snow squalls. Up in Al
aska waters the : weather * was the worst
I have ever encountered, and it was
simply an impossibility for Captain Carl
son to make t, connections with - the
schooner Winchester.'.' ~ ;, ■; ;. /
All the vessels have been having a hard
time of it in the northern waters. From
Unalaska to Unga' Island is only about
240 miles, and ■ yet it took the steamer
Bertha six.. days to cover that . distance.
There were .days at a time when she
could barely hold her ■ own, ; and again
when the storm was at its height she
was driven : back. Consequently, :z: z ship
owners who have •; vessels in . Alaskan
waters are anxious about them. The
schooner Kadiak, - which ■:• arrived from
Kadiak Island yesterday, reports the non
arrival | of the scnooner Alexander, which
left here February 6 last. . The run up Is
Jreauentl/, ) madj under ' a fortnight, and
thirty days is considered a very lone
fstfn^h l\ hen the Kadlak left th!
aid n^ the Ale *ander was out fifty days!
Avert I 6 WJ J B no sisn of hen Captain
A\ery was in command, and as the
*° nn ° n n « was well found and fully pro
visioned, the North American Trading
■ Company, her owners, think she will be
heard from by the next mail. The same
company owned the schooner General
biglin, which was lost with all hands last
The gold hunters going to Kotzebue
Sound on the barkentine Catherine Sud
den will be well cared for when the ves
sel reaches the vicinity of the Kubuck
Kiver. Two launches, each 40 feet long,
12 feet broad and drawing 18 inches of
water when loaded, are now being com
pleted at Belvedere, and will be carried
north on the barkentine's upper deck.
They will carry thirty tons of freight
and accommodate fifty passengers each
The engines are being built by the Main
street machine-shop, and 1 they will drive
the launches at the rate of fourteen
knots an hour. , Captain Green of, the
Sudden is ready to wager good American
money that he will land his passengers
first at the gold fields.
The schooner Florence will sail for the
Yukon next Saturday. The vessel is half
a dozen things in one and her owners say
she can't be beat in any of her good
points. She is provided with a false
keel, three feet deep. This can be re
moved at any. time and a stern wheel
put in, when, presto, the schooner is
transformed into a stern-wheel steamer
drawing less than a foot of water. All
the engines and boilers are now in place
and besides these the schooner is fitted
with a sawmill plant whose capacity is
1000 feet of lumber a day, a dredging
plant with a capacity of 400 cubic yards
a day, an electric light plant with power
for 150 lights, besides a machine shop and
a small steam launch. Two years' pro
visions are being taken along and the
men engaged in the affair expect it to
be a success from the start. The con
cern is known as the Mutual Mining and
Investment Company, and Ivan L. Peter
son is the general manager, C. E. Pet
erson is captain, H. E. Walker, late of
the steamer Gaelic, chief engineer;
T. E. Tomlinson, assistant engi
neer, and T. Church and "W. H.
Quinn Jr. There will also 'be a #
first mate, cook, carpenter and two sail
ors. The Florence is 92 feet long, 22 feet
broad, 6 feet deep with her keel on and
will sail up to St. Michael. Her keel will
then be removed and she : will proceed
up the Yukon, dredging the sand bars for
gold as she goes along.
George W. Walthew, late secretary of
the Ship Owners' Association, died Sun
day morning. The deceased was for
several years connected with the Daily
Report, but left that paper to accept the
secretaryship of the Ship Owners' Asso
ciation. He withdrew from that office
to begin the practice of law, In which he
was engaged at the time of his death.
The new steam schooner Sequoia . ar
rived from Fort Bragg yesterday In tow
of the tug Vigilant. When she has been
fitted out she will be placed in the coast
ing trade.
The following officers of the Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Company were
elected on the sth inst.: George Crocker
president; H. G. Burt, vice-president; D.
D. Stubbs, secretary and general mana
ger, and S. Sllverstone, assistant secre
tary.
SWEARING MADE EASY.
Policeman S. Orr Severely Bebuked
by Judge Conlan.
The ease with which some policemen
swear to the facts alleged in their com
plaints against vagrants was exemplified
in a case in Judge Conlan's court yester
day morning.
Policeman S. Orr arrested George Gib
bons Sunday morning on a charge of
vagrancy. Yesterday morning Orr swore
to a complaint in which he alleged that
Gibbons had been loitering around saloons
from April 5 to Apn. 10. When the case
was called he swore to the same facts
as in the complaint.
Gibbons astonished the court when he
testified that he had only been released
from the House of Correction on Friday
last aftr-r serving a term for petty lar
oony. He was sent from the Judge's
court. The Judge examined his records
and found that Gibbons was right. He
dismissed the case and administered a
severe rebuke to Orr. The officer's con
duct will be called to the attention of
Captain Spillane.
SEARCHING FOB LEAVITT.
The Police Unable to Find D. W.
Hewitt's Assailant.
The police are searching for Oliver P.
I^eavltt, the sowing* machine agent who
stabbed D. W. Hewitt, a teamster, at the
lodging house, 322 Seventh street, Sunday
night. Hewitt's wounds are not consid
ered dangerous.
Detective Sullivan, who Is working: on
the case, believes that the trouble was
over the landlady of the lodging house,
Mrs. Moore. Both men were in love with
her. and Hewitt was regarded with more
favor by her than his rival, who had to
leave the house.
Leavitfs friends say that he has been
for some time mentally unbalanced
through insomnia, and was not respon
sible for his actions.
■ Ladies' tailor-made. suits; latest designs; w*
KlXf ggjtt." M>. RothachUfl. 211 gutter, r. 8 * 7.'
LABOR GAINS
A VICTORY
Judge de Haven Decides
Against the J. Kelso
Company.
It Must Stand Trial for Violat
ing the Federal Eight-
Hour Law.
A Corporation Must Respect the
Statutes and Can Be Punished
Like an Individual.
Labor gained a decided victory yester
day, when United States District Judge
de Haven handed down his decision to
the effect that the John Kelso Company
must stand trial for violating the Federal
eight-hour law by working; laborers for
nine hours and longer on the site of the
proposed Postoffice building.
Several months ago John Kelso, con
tractor, was arrested by the United States
Marshal on complaint of several labor
organizations in this city for having vio
lated the * ederal statute. Kelso set up
as a defense that the statute was aimed
at contractors for public works, and that
he was only an employe of a subcon
tractor, the John Kelso Company, the San
Francisco Bridge Company having as
signed to the John Kelso Company the
contract for excavating the foundations
of the site.
Upon this showing the charge against
Kelso was dismissed by United States
>•' i • uiTiu<»titner Heacock, and a war
rant was issued for the arrest of the
.M. ii. i ixeiso Company. The warrant was
served upon Kelso as president of the
company, at the suggestion of Assistant
United States Attorney Knight, following
the procedure laid down by the Civil Code
of the State, there being no way of ac
complishing the same end under the Fed
eral Statutes. Then the Kelso Company
set up the contention that a corporation,
not having a soul to be saved or a body
to be kicked, could not be haled into court
on a criminal charge and could not be
punished either by line or imprisonment.
It also insisted that a corporation could
not be deemed to have malicious intent,
a necessary ingredient to every criminal
ragout.
Commissioner Heacock decided that the
corporation could be punished and was
responsible criminally, and so he recom
mended in his report to the District
Court.
Thereupon the defendant made a motion
before Judge de Haven to quash the
summons" and to dismiss the case. The
matter was argued and submitted months
ago, and yesterday Judge de Haven de
ckled that a corporation! no more than
an individual, could claim exemption from
punishment for violating the law.
The following are extracts from the de
cision:
"It will be observed that by the express
language of this statute there must be an
intentional violation of .its provisions in
order to constitute the offense which the
statute defines. In view of this express
declaration, it is claimed on behalf of the
defendant that the act is not applicable
to corporations, because it is not possible
for a corporation to commit the crime de
scribed In the statute. The argument ad
vanced to sustain this position is in sub
stance this: That a corporation is only
an artificial creation, without animate
body or mind, and, therefore, from its
very nature. Incapable of entertaining the
specific intention which by the statute i-s
made an essential of the crime defined.
The case of the State vs. the Great Works
Mill Company, 20 Maine, 71, supports this
proposition, and it must be conceded that
there are to be found dicta in many other
cases to the effect that a corporation is
not amenable to prosecution for a positive
act of malfeasance, involving a specific
intention to do an unlawful act.
"In a general sense it may be said that
no crime can be committed without a
joint operation of act and intention. In
many crimes, however, the only intention
required is an intention to do the pro
hibited act. * * * In such a case the in
tention of the directors that the prohibited
act should be done is imputed to the cor
poration itself.
"That a corporation may be liable civilly
for that class of torts in which a spe
cific malicious intention is an essential
element is not disputed at this day. Thus
an action for malicious prosecution will
lie against a banking corporation. • ♦ *
An action will lie also against a corpora
tion for a malicious libel. • * * When
a statute in general terms prohibits the
doing of an act which can be performed
by a corporation there is no reason why
such statute should be construed as not
applying to corporations when the pun
ishment provided for its infraction is one
that can be inflicted upon *a corporation,
as, for instance, a fine."
On the subject of the service of the
summons Judge de Haven says:
"The course adopted was to follow the
practice prescribed by the Penal Code of
this State, and there was served upon
the president of the corporation a sum
mons giving full information of the of
fense charged against the defendant cor
poration and naming a day for the de
fendant to appear in court and answer
such charge." ♦ • *
The motion of the defendant will be de
nied.
TO POPULARIZE
THE SOUTH SIDE
Changing the Steam Line Into
c Trolley System Will
Have This Effect.
The Old. Metropolitan Power-House
on Carl Street to Be Utilized
on the New Road.
The change of motive power now be
ing made by the Market Street Railroad
Company on the south side of the park
will have the effect of making that side
of the people's pleasure ground more
pouular than it has been in the past.
The company evidently Intends to give
the people an opportunity to enter the
Golden Gate Park at other places than
those at which cars stop. To provide
waiting stations along the south side of
■■;-.;■• \ "/;■• AD VEBTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO, 7.
Consultation— FREE.
\ TV«Y»Iu 01/lfl© llaLjr Our Specialty Crown and Bridge Work
V : <Bv^ v[ A/ "' S**ffj>» and Painless Extraction. -. .
: YV AN V SIS -Vf/*k „ The Clinio is always ? ahead in Advanced Dental
X^s. w Y»V^~H>g^Q&r ' """- yff^m Science. No students employed.
"^ ' ?W'',Wk ■— %UB For the next 30 days our prices will be:
V -» W^tC ' •■_%> ', ■vm^^ 7^" -;yw r . FULL SET OP TEETH f0r............*4 50 up
■^"wJI r/fVZ'I-M >•■ r ' OLD CROWNS. 22k 350 up
- mli^^'/i#->». i ■---■■ BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 3 .10 up
J%»*Z^lMWi^fflrt*^. THI* SILVER FILLING ....° ...... 25c up
-^Vl^DO J^^^^^kAtWnilS r GOLD FILLING 75c up
" : ' '^affiiP'VK^ ; ""^^»" CLEANING TEETH ..........:........ ....60c up
™4W '' ]Ts^^*** A Physician Always in Attendance.
j7 \> f \ I *** !JVn e- KILL ED OPERATORS.
TFFTHIIi II ruowNPB LADY ATTENDANT.
I UL 111 jSr* -rr. Ip Brld«ewoi* PHONE Q DAVIS 654.
•:.■ - , , WITHOUT PAIN. n : ": . ■'■;. ■.■;  OR. T. E. STRONG.
■— - ; ©fßce Boura-9& m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays »to 2 p. m, .
the park the old station which stood at
the southeast corner of Stanyan and H
streets Is being cut up into small sections
and distributed along the line from Stan
yan street to the beach, where they will
answer for side stations for the new
trolley cars which will be run 0%-er this
line as soon as the changed condition
of the roadway shall be completed, which
will be In about a month from now.
By this means passengers can alight
at any of the stations aloug the south
side of the park and enter the grounds
without being compelled to go clear to
the ocean, as was the rule heretofore.
The electric power to propel the ocean
bound cars from Stanyan and Freder
ick streets will be obtained from the old
power-house formerly used by the Metro
politan Company on Carl and Willard
streets. This power-house is now being
put In order and heavy riveted poles are
being put in place along the streets lead
ing to H street, over which the trolley
cars will run to the ocean, and over the
tract formerly used by the steam line.
To accommodate the traveling public
stations will be erected at Ninth, Nine
teenth and Thirtieth avenues, at which
the cars will stop on their way to and
from the beach.
The old steam car house on H street
will be refitted and made fit for the hous
ing of the new electric cars of this
branch.
This change will restore to the people
that portion of the southeast corner
of Golden Gate Park upon which has
stood the station of the railroad com
pany ever since the road was built and
upon which so many complaints have
been based regarding the action of the
Park Commissioners in leasing this prop
erty to the corporation.
By these proposed changes the Sunset
Valley becomes of considerable import
ance, and at the same time an active
rival of the favored Richmond on the
north side of the park.
Following this line of improvements in
this section of the city the Carl street
line of electric cars will be switched fur
ther south in the near future so as to run
right in front of the affiliated colleges
and continue as now onward to Ninth
avenue and Golden Gate Park, where it
will connect with the Ocean Beach line
direct to the Cliff House.
The Spring Valley Water Company is
about to put in larger mains from the
Clarpndon Heights reservoir into and
through Sunset A T alley as far as the
streets may be graded. Not to be out
done in generosity the Gas and Electric
Company will string flectric wires along
the streets as far as they are occupied
by residents, while the Park Commis
sioners will throw lights on tlie south side
of the roadway clear to the beach.
NOT A SUCCESS
AS A LAWYER
Disastrous Attempt of a Woman
to Conduct Her Own
Legal Business.
Mrs. Laura Gibbons Committed by
Justice Kerrigan for Contempt
of Court.
Laura Gibbons, a most determined lit
tle woman of 28 years, had a narrow es
cape from passing last night in the Coun
ty Jail. Mrs. Gibbons, who is quite pre
possessing, keeps a candy store at 1134
Valencia street, and when no? engaged in
selling stomach-ache to juveniles, spends
a large portion of her time in the courts,
for she has a penchant for getting tan
gled in the law's meshes.
Mrs. Gibbons always conducts her own
cases, to the discomfort of the Judges,
and so, when J. S. Reid, as assignee of
G. Galleti, brought suit in the Justice
Court to recover $59 25 on a promissory
note gi%'en in payment for goods, and the
case came up for trial before Justice
Kerrigan a couple of months ago, Mrs.
Gibbons scorned the services of a lawyer
and made her own defense. She made
a strong fight, but it was clear that she
owed the money, so the Justice gave his
decision in favor of the plaintiff.
Mrs. Gibbons was not satisfied and
gave notice of appeal. In looking over
her bond Justice Kerrigan was doubtful
as to the security and ordered her to ap
pear and justify her sureties. She paid
no attention to the order and on March
31 she was cited to appear yesterday and
show cause why she should not be pun
ished for contempt. This time the lady
decided to appear, and she explained to
the Justice that she had never received
the previous order. The attorney for
Reid took occasion to question her as a
judgment debtor regarding her property,
but Mrs. Gibbons took exception to his
line of questioning and flatly refused to
answer, despite the warning of the Jus
tice, who told her he would punish her
for contempt unless she answered.
At this Mrs. Gibbons turned upon his
honor and charged him with having treat
ed her unfairly during the trial. She
became very boisterous and refused to
calm down, so Justice Kerrigan gave her
twenty-four hours in the County Jail to
ponder over the situation. This brought
the lady to a realization of the fact that
as a lawyer she was not a success and
she called upon "W. H. Abbotts to keep
her out of jail. A deputy led her away
to the Sheriff's office, where she was de
tained for more than an hour while her
attorney was at work in her behalf. Ht»
finally induced the Justice to release her
on her own recognizance until Wednes
day, when she will again appear in court.
A California Boy Honored.
According to the Washington Post, in
its account of the fourth debate of the
debating Society of the Georgetown Uni
versity Law School, Robert P. Troy of
California is distinguishing himself as an
orator and logician. The debate was upon
the question: "Resolved, That a constitu
tional amendment should be enacted
whereby United States Senators should be
elected by a direct vote of the people."
After naming those who took part in the
argument the paper mentioned says:
"Both sides presented their arguments
well and forcefully, and the speech of Mr.
Robert P. Troy, for the negative, was a
masterly effort." The judges, after care
ful deliberation, gave the decision in
favor of the negative. Pending the deci
sion the students made several patriotic
and fiery speeches upon the Spanish-
American question, and a resolution was
passed "That the students of the great
University of Georgetown do offer their
services to the President of the United
States to do his bidding in marching
against the armies of Spain, and in aveng
ing the sailors of the Maine and the
slaughter of the Cubans."
On Her Own Recognizance.
Mrs. Margaret Warren, the wealthy
widow from Santa Monica, appeared be
fore Judge Joachimsen yesterday morn
ing on the charge of disturbing the peace
in the Cosmopolitan Hotel Sunday night.
The Judge, after hearing both sides, con
tinued the case for thirty days, allowing
the defendant to go on her own recogni
zance.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
sf-7 31 Market Street,
Treat Diseases and Weakness of men only. Can
stop those deadly drains, can stop those wast-
ing- losses, can restore lost manhood, will send
you symptom blanks free, ran cure and restore
where others fail, their prices and terms ant
very reasonable, ran cure at home without see-
ing you. give consultation and advice free, and
to show their good faith '
They Never Ask for a Dollar
Until Cure Is Effected.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Pan quickly conquer all contracted ailment*,
permanently cure contagious blood poison. They
are the oldest practitioners on the Paciflo
Coast, have a working capital of $100,000, ar«
responsible, never misrepresent. ;v- ;
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 MARKET STREET.
'Hours, 8-5; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays, 9-11.
, .-, — „—„ — —■ • nr"i»i ."- > ■• ■ ,
KLONDIKE
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
Highest reputation for keeping: qual-
ity ; licnce, no experiment ; no loss.
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
LADTJE-YUKON
TRANSPORTATIONS.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.
General Freight and Passenger Agents,
609 MARKET STREET.
Will Dispatch Their Magnificent Steamer
"MORGAN CITY"
'V\ FOR
JUNEAU,DYEA, SKAGUAY,
COPPER RIVER, COOKS
INLET and
DUTCH HARBOR
From Folsom-Street Wharf on
SATURDAY, APRIL 16th.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
609 Market Street and 204 Front Street.
i __________^_^^_
JOE poheim
M THE TAILOR
yfrihi The best fitting clothes and
/V? M l\ the best quality clothes at
■ / \«Sa 'A prices 20 per cent, less than
I \wl& \\ aske( * by any other tailoring
' I•■ \WH\ establishment on Pacific Coast.
I§ II PRICES BELOW:
WJ/' fill ■ MNTt SUIT*
]£? tllii—i TO.OHDI* .TO ORDER
S~ Wlllll J3-3O JlO-00J 10 - 00
< iff ■ 4 - 5 ° SAMPLES lit
U fl/f 5.00 ..„,. »0O v
If 6co *"° " ULt " 17 SO
("Ml 9- 00 3°-°°
V 201-203 Jlontgomery St.
The largest tail- 844-846 Market St. ,
oring establish- j 1110-1112 Market St.
CM"*. 0 " PadfiC ! SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
THE PRICE OF
CROWN FLOUR
HAS THIS DAY BEEN ADVANCED
25c PER BARREL.
San Francisco. April 12. 1898. .
ROTS DR. HALL'S EI VIGOR ATOR
|L?,V l ''UQjJ Five hundred reward for any case
ES3 ¥■ \, we cannot cure. This secret remedy
W H stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
thest P?W Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele,
■E9 BE*. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
' Ijflij liVjl Lost Manhood and all wasting eX-
■Qj USB fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■Tfflftlirin sealed. s2 bottle; 3 bottles, ss; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
qTITTITE 555 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale, at 1073% Market St.. S F. All pri-
I vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
, _|-jrrTßHrfc *l i n Bl^ Cls a non-polsonon«
.<*^^BB^^^^^^al remedy - for Gonorrhea,
tilK^W Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
MglWln 1 to s iUr«/%S Whites, unnatural dis-
JH oc»r»nt . O charges, or any inflamma-
kTSV not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcpra-
P^^V Prevent* contagion. tion of mil coils niem-
KgtIrHEEvMI3CHEM:C»ino. branes. -Non-astringent.
VBjLc:n::hmti.o PWfi Sold I>T »rutr»i»u.
wSatk USA •*&it or 6PDt in Plain wrapper,
JJ^HI^. " ' -^yg l>y express, prepaid, for
'^H|fc^*P*«' a W $1.00, or 3 bottles, *2.75.
C »^^lP'» ■ Circular pint nu request.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S «»>mt
i^r Museum of Anatomy
I gaS^ :C5l 'JAEZZ: ST. bet 6th 4 7th, S. F. UL
m D The Larg»torluUndintb«W<»U.
r]^»\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
S WVWH B/- : ; Comultallon free. Write tor B««k '
%\ | of Marriage.
ft A V MAILED FREE.
\A7. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Glaus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, S2l California street, below Powell,
San Francisco.COFFINS SLID
AND SCARED
VOLBERG
Grewsome Relics Dis
turbed by the Late
Earthquake.
Ghosts Guard a Mysteri
ous Room in a I_onely
House.
A Caretaker Who Took Flight
When the Floor Was
Heaving.
NAILED THE SPOOKS IN.
The Now Watchman Brave, but
Withal Trembles When the
Wind Blows.
Thore Is a now caretaker and watch
man on the shore land owned by Dr.
Benjamin 1". Lyford, between Tiburon
and California City. He is a little man.
v):" -•■ to p. i-rot "(.■lianas" and
<i> vices every time tho
wind rattles the clapi oarda of tho little
house in whi< :. • - and < ks his
!!•■: yet made up his mind
whether he lias ghosts for companions
or nm. Three days ue has lived in the
house and ho • he Is 8 ing a
little bit nervous about mr- rattling of
the l . the wind passes and tho
i lie squirrels as they
;ier over the roof.
Two weeks before the little man was
installed as caretaker of the property
and the lonely house turned over for his
use, a man named Vulberg was the
watchman of the property of the Tiburon
physician. Yolberg slept and cooked his
meals in the house whore- his successor
lives, lie was contented with his
lot until one Sunday about a monta ago
when a party of picnickers spread their
lunch near the lonely cabin, and the
watchman, in .an effort to be friendly, of
. to allow them to boil some water
on his stove to piv« the ladies of the par
ty a cup of tea wiui their lunch. The
men among the visitors who entered the
house of the caretaker noticed that some
a doora of the place were securely
1 and boarded up. Volberg in an
swer to questions explained that his em
ployer was an eccentric man and he had
some things stowed away tlu-re that he
did not want any one to see. Yolberg said
he had been cautioned not to enter those
rooms and h.> had faithfully k^-pt away
from them. The explanation aroused, the
curiosity of the men, and some pretext
was made to get the old caretaker away
from the place.
As soon as lie was pone the door of one
of the rooms in the attic was pried open.
The window of the room had been board
ed up and the apartment was dark. A
match was struck and In the dim light the
curious visitors were able to make out
the outlines of three coffins. One was as
if made for a full-grown person, and the
other two were as though made for the
burial of infants. In another corner of
the room was' a box resembling that used
to contain a coffin v hen it is deposited
in the grave. The curious visitors got
out of the room as quickly as they could
after making the discovery and the pic
nickers hurried away from the house and
Jinished their lunch in a more appetizing
spot.
That night Volberg found that the room
had been broken into, but faithful to his
instructions he kept away from it, and
for three days he resisted the temptation
to explore the mysteries of the apartment.
On Wednesday night following he lay on
his bed reading and thinking of the brok
en door and the mysteries that lay be
yond. Finally the temptation became too
strung and he grasped a candle and start
ed for the room. He cautiously ap
proached the place and quietly opening
the door stepped into the room, lie had
hardly got past the threshold and in full
view of the coffins when the house shook.
The floor rose and fell and the coffins be
gan to elide across the room
Volberg was found early the next morn
ng sitting in the edge of a clump of
bushes close to California City dazed, and
with the stump of a candle in his hand.
He was only partly dressed and shivering
with cold. Nearly everybody was talk-
Ing of the earthquake that shook un the
bay cities and towns, but all that could
be got out of Volberg for nearly a day
was an incoherent story about ghosts.
Nothing could induce him to go back to
the house. The clothing ho left behind
he said could stay there. lie took a round
about way back to Tiburon so as to avoid
passing close to the house he believed
was haunted, and went to San Francisco
From that moment the house was with
out a watchman until the present care
taker took the place. The house is about
a mile from any other habitation and In
the most secluded spot along the Tiburon
shore. The present custodian put fresh
nails In the door leading to the forbidden
room to keep out the sight of the coffins
and with every nail he drove in he re
peated the assertion that he was not
afraid of ghosts, though he resorted to
the aforementioned signs and devices sev
eral times during the operation
The new watchman said that the Bible
pays that there are good spirits and bad
spirits and he thought that he was
guarded too well by the good spirits for
the evil ones to trouble him, though at the
same time he was not going to spare
nails In an effort to keep the bad spirits
away.
The coffins that are stowed In the for
bidden room are empty though once they
held human forms. That was nearly thir
ty years ago when Dr. Lyford was a
surgeon In the army during the civil war.
The physician at that time Invented an
embalming fluid and on the battlefield he
had no lack of subjects for experimental
he kept In the coffins for some time until
no Kept in the coffins for some time until
ion Th nstrat , ed the worth of his 'nven-
Vnd' for t c;tske ' s h « has kept ever since
hHim.^ m they have been stored <n
ho-i^AWni^a^ ciaims is the
A CHINATOWN BLAZE.
An Overturned Lamp Causes a Ten
Thousand Dollar Fire.
««i n J?TJ Urned coaloll lamp Is the cause
assigned for a disastrous fire at the cor
ner of Dupont and Clay streets, about
halt past 9 last evening. The loss Is
rather dij^cult to estimate, but will prob
covLT K h $10,000. all of which was P fully
covered by Insurance. . -
n f T JiS Maze started .on the second floor
of^i^ Upont street, the four stores
■',! h i Ph are occupied by the firm of Tie
disc -n « deale '" s In general merchan-
Ssp^irS «« d < «S fX'.
guifched soon after the arrival of the Fire
teOOO. the firm wlll rob ably. aggregate
•7r n J<S!' & Co - occupy the building at
peaty damaged by water and the lost
«S B ?o m n r n ?. at » m ° n the tWO buifd^
™Tri? suil?ln?5 uil ? ln ? at N0.. 729 is an old land-
Cli building g a rendezvous for the Fran
cis^ building, a re/idezvous for the sport
thf ♦ t ?f nlty in early days. It was here
that In the early seventies "Billy" Mulli
can barricaded himself and shot two men
& poifc oS£?HSki£" Wmßelf kUMI -
GRAND JURY IS AFTER
FERRY DEPOT BOODLERS
Commissioner Colnon and Architect Swain
Must Now Explain.
President Colnon of the Board of Harbor Commissioners,
together with Architect Swain and the gentlemen who have
assisted in depleting the appropriation made for the construc
tion of a union depot and ferry house at the foot of Market
street, are to be given an opportunity to explain their acts to
the Grand Jury. The initial steps were taken last night,
and before another week has passed It 1b expected that the
members of the investigating body will be able to determine
what proportion Of the $100,000 stolen from the State went into
the pockets of favored contractors, and also what part, if
any, of the sum named was added to the bank accounts of the
officials who, by their acts, made the steal possible.
Since it became generally known that the construction of
the ferry building has been and is little more than an excuse
for permitting certain favored contractors and their official
backers to wax fat at the expense of the State, the members
of the present Grand Jury have given careful heed to the
matter witli the end in view of instituting, at the proper time,
the proceedings that were begun last night.
The charges 1 were presented in the form of a communica
tion from District Attorney Barnes. They are so comprehen
sive in their scope and so grave in their nature that after a
partial reading it was suggested that a matter of such great
Importance should receive the attention of every member of
the Grand Jury. After some discussion it was decided to
notify all members to he present in the jury room Thursday
afternoon for the purpose of considering the charges.
Tlie document now before the Grand Jury sets forth at
length the deplorable condition of affairs that have existed
ami that now exist relative to the construction of the ferry
building.
So great hns been the extent of the official bunco game that
the vast appropriation which, according to the original plans,
cations and estimates, exceeded by about $50,000 the
amount necessary to complete the structure, has been ex
hausted and the building is still far from complete. Not only
this, but where, according to the original plans, costly materi
als and methods of construction were to have been used there
have been substituted cheap materials and poor workmanship.
For these substitutions favored contractors have been paid
thousands of dollars in addition to the amounts named in their
original contracts.
The scope of the investigation to which the attention of the
Grand Jury has been directed is sufficiently broad to include not
only the acts of contractors and State officials in the matter of
the substitutions and changes whereby the State treasury has
"IN ONE
WORD, WE
ARE READY"
Says General Shafter
of the Troops at
the Presidio.
The Commander Returns
From the San Diego
Tour of Inspection.
Early Morning Conference of
Army Officers at Depart
ment Headquarters.
A BRIGADE OF VETERANS.
Ex - Attorney - General Hsrt In th«
Field— Colonel Mosby Gets » Let
ter From General Miles.
The T'nitPd States troops at the Pre
sidio are ready for action. The First
Infantry, cully equippped for field serv
ice, is awaiting orders to march. The sig
nal to go to the front is hourly expected
by the officers and men. The order direct
ing that officers shall not leave the post
without special permission from the com
manding officer has not been modified or
revoked. The report was circulated at
the post exchange yesterday that Min
ister Woodford had been recalled from
Madrid. The soldiers understand that the
shooting will begin shortly after the dip
lomatic relations are broken; hence their
eager inquiry as to the truth of the re
port.
General Shafter was at department
headquarters early yesterday morning.
He held a conference with Colonel Evan
Miles, First Infantry; Lieutenant-Co.lonel
Wallace F. Randolph, Third Artillery,
commanding the artillery forces at tne
Presidio; Maj< Thomas M. K. Smith,
commanding the First Infantry battalion
at Benicia barracks, and Lieutenant-Col
onel Louis T. Morris, commanding the
squadron of the Fourth Cavalry at the
Presidio.
The general was busy throughout the
day. He said, In reply to questions, that
the troops were ready for active service.
He did not believe, however, that the
First Infantry would be ordered to leave
this department until war was declared.
Speaking of the situation at San Diego,
General Shafter said: "The batteries to
be placed in position there will be able
to take care of that harbor. The channel
is so narrow that a ship must pass within
a hundred yards of the grins."
Concerning affairs in the harbor of San
Francisco, tne general remarked: "Every
thing here is in first-class shape. In a
word, we are ready."
Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace F. Ran
dolph. Third Artillery, is now on duty at
the Presidio. He has selected the com
fortable house formerly occupied by Col
onel Williston, and will be ready to "re
ceive" when his traps get here. The ar
tillerymf-n of the Third are now engaged
in mounting the guns of the second
mortar battery. The sixth 12-inch rifle
for the Fort Point fortifications is on the
ground near the emplacement, but the
disappearing carriage is somewhere on
Ex^Attorney-General W. H. H. Hart is
in the Held as the organizer of a Cali
fornia brigade of veterans for service In
the approaching war with Spain. The
story goes that General Hart took Pres
ident McKinley into his confidence on
this subject and that the latter highly
approved the plan of organization. It is
quite obvious to everybody that the Union
and Confederate veterans of the late war
are going to take quite an active part
n the conflict with Spain. The youngest
of the veterans of the late war are over
53 years of ago. Years, however, have
not diminished their fighting spirit, but
it is a question whether their discretion
has not been dulled. Men who fully ap
preciate the hardships of an active cam
paign fancy that the hardiest young men
will be needed for a campaign in Cuba.
It is a glorious thing for the old veterans
to volunteer, but sensible soldiers doubt
the wisdom of sending to Cuba a column
of enlisted men whose ages respectively
•fcorrespond with the years of the young
est veterans of the late war.
The story goes that General Hart and
his friends will supply the money to
equip the brigade as mounted riflemen.
The men who eervcd at tha from on,
THE SA;tf FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
been mulcted of sums aggregating more than $100,000, but will
also seek to trace the division of these illegitimate gains, to the
end that the guilty persons may be broug-ht to justice. Dis
trict Attorney Barnes has been consulted as to me proper mode
of procedure and has advised the Grand Jury that the charges
against Commissioner Colnon and Architect Swain, and such
others as are shown to have been involved, are of the first im
portance not only to the people of San Francisco, but to the
whole State. As to the legal aspects of the case he will ad
vise the Grand Jury that if it can be shown that any person
has given or received money in the nature of a bribe, that
person can be proceeded against by indictment. Also, that if it
is shown by the investigation just inaugurated that any State
official has neglected his duty or in any way betrayed the trust
imposed upon him by reason of his employment by the State,
he may be proceeded against by an action charging him with
malfeasance.
In the light of the exposures that have been made in these
columns from day to day, based on the official records of the
Board of Harbor Commissioners, the reports of competent ex
perts and the testimony of reliable and unimpeachable wit
nesses, it is not too much to say that there is every reason to
suppose that before the end of another week the Grand Jury
will have taken the necessary steps to punish some and remove
from office others who have been responsible for the thievery
that has marked every stage in the construction of the ferry
depot building.
The investigation as planned by the Grand Jury will have
special and particular reference to the acts of the Harbor Com
mission and Architect Swain in authorizing changes in the
plans and specifications under which the more important con
tracts were let. It is known that these changes were in most
instances the means by which the largest swindles were per
petrated. It is only necessary to search the records of the
Board for evidence to prove that these changes that resulted
in so much loss to the State and so much illegitimate gain to
contractors and other interested parties were recommended by
Architect Swain and approved by President Colnon and his
associates. What does not appear of record are the motives
that actuated these officials in the performance of the acts
with which they are charged. This is one of the problems that
the Grand Jury has set itself to solve, it being confidently ex
pected that the solution will not be difficult of accomplishment
District Attorney Barnes has assured the members of the
Grand Jury that he will lend them every aid within the scope
of his official authority to run down and bring to justice the
men who have robbed the people of the State in so barefaced
a manner.
either side from 1861 until 1865 may do
excellent work in organizing and lead
ing volunteers, but when it comes to
marching by night and fighting by day
the burden of the conflict will fall on the
youngsters. It is true that veterans of
the Mexican war took an active part In
the war of the rebellion, hut the latter
conflict came within fourteen years after
the campaign in Mexico closed. It is now
thirty-three years since the last shot was
fired in the war of the rebellion. The
fighting then was done by young men
whose ages ranged from 18 to 30 years.
The war with Spain must be fought by
young men of the country.
Colonel John S. Mosby. the Confederate
raider is in receipt of a cordial letter
from Major-General Nelson A. Miles, in
which the latter acknowledges the re
ceipt of the colonel's tender of service in
the coming war with Spain. The colonel,
in offering his services, wrote that thp
fidelity with which he served a cause that
was lost would convey an idea of the
services that he would probably render
a cause that promised so many oppor
tunities of success. Colonel Mosby holds
that there is no reason why war against
bpain should be declared, but If a decla
ration comes, he will cheerfully go to the
WILL SMASH CLAY BIRDS.
The Lincoln Gun Club to Hold an
Interesting Shoot on Sunday.
Next Sunday the popular Lincoln Gun
Club will hold an important shoot at its
grounds in Alameda. The following letter
from Secretary Foster is self-explana
tory :
"Following the club shoot there will be
an open-to-all shoot as follows:
"Event I— Twenty birds; entrance $1 23;
$25 guaranteed. The money will be di
vided under a new system, whereby a
man who breaks sixteen or seventeen
targets will not get more than the one
who breaks eighteen or nineteen. The
crack shots will shoot in a class by them
selves, thereby giving the amateur a
better chance of winning.
"Event 2— Fifteen birds; entrance $I
four moneys.
"Event 3— Ten birds; entrance 75 cents
three moneys.
"Parties who wish to practice may do
so by shooting with the club in the morn
ing.
On April 24 the Olympic Oun Club will
hold its monthly clay bird shoot at Ingle
slde and the South End Club will smash
bluerock the same day at Colma
A WAR TAX ON
SCHOONER BEER
Brewers Laying In Large Sup
plies cf Internal Revenue
Stamps.
But Their Foresight Will Not Save
Them From Contributing to
the War Fund.
A war with Spain will be likely to cause
a war tax to be levied upon beer and
other luxuries, and in expectation of such
a tax many brewers are buying large
quantities of stamps, belleveing that
these stamps will be accepted as full pay
ment for all internal revenue taxes. But
their calculations have received a setback
by the Issuance of the following circular
from the Commisioner of Internal Rev
enue:
In view of the prospective increase ln the
rate of Internal revenue tax on beer, brewers
may endeavor to purchase quantities of beer
stamps for future use and largely In excess of
their present needs. You are, therefore, in
structed to advise all brewers when purchas
ing beer stamps that the stamps now in use
will not be available for the payment of tax
on beer after the passage of an act Increasing
the rate of taxation thereon. Immediately on
the approval of such an act. the new rate of
taxation will attach to and become payable on
all beer not actually sold or removed from the
brewery premises for consumption or sale.
Such excessive purchases of stamps. If made'
will not only i?reatly Increase the work ln this
office and yours, in the redemption of stamps
but will deprive brewers of the use of the
money invested therein until such stamps can
be redeemed.
BROKE THE WINDOW.
Edward Brannan Arrested on a
Charge of Malicious Mischief.
Edward Brannan, a lemon peddler, vis
ited the tailoring: establishment of Isaac
Silva, at 215 Tehama street, yesterday,
and meeting the proprietor, asked him
to buy some of his wares. Silva agreed
to take a dozen lemons, but finding them
in a decayed state he threw them back
into Brannan's basket, and ordered him
to leave.
Angered at what he termed the Inso
lence of the tailor, the lemon vender
hurled his basket against the window
breaking it. He then proceeded to bom
bard Silva with his lemons, one of which
struck him in the eye.
The latter at once summoned a police
offlcrr, who placed the obnoxious visitor
under arrest. At the City Prison he was
charged with malicious mischief.
The facsimile yr# ' s/&± m \'^? mm - is «a every mapper
iignature of M&*'s£72££&tf of CASTOEIA.
MATE TILTON
STILL HERO
OF THE DAY
Praised for His Brave
March Through
the Arctic.
Telegrams Show That
Mate Walker Is at
Winnipeg.
The Whalers at Point Barrow
Had but Little Hope of
Success.
LETTERS FROM ALASKA.
A Entch of Epistles Which Were
Carried Four Thousand Miles
on Sleds.
The marvelous story told by Third Mate
Tilton of the steam whaler Belvedere ex
clusively in The Call of yesterday was
the talk of commercial circles. In the af
ternoon a cipher dispatch arrived which
shows that Mate Walker also succeeded
on the other route. A more thrilling nar
rative of hairbreadth escapes and perils
of the rigid Arctic was never told. Those
most familiar with the country— old
whalers and sea captains acquainted with
the fierce storms of the blizzard stricken
Arctic, would not have believed such a
journey possible but for the undisputed
fact that it was made.
Letters received from Point Barrow,
which were carried as far as Portland by
Mate Tilton. show that his comrades did
not believe he would ever be able to force
his way to civilization.
One of the Interesting letters brought
to this city was addressed to E. H. Shel
don. Jt was written by Captain Coffin of
the Rosario. He evidently had no faith
that Tilton would arrive beyond the Arc
tic. The following is the full text of the
letter:
POINT BARROW, October 10, 1897
To E. H. Sheldon, 327 Market street. San
Francisco— Dear Sir: I am one and a half miles
south of Point Barrow, fifty yards from the
beach, ten feet of water und<»r the stern, nine
under the bow. The ice alongside Is thirteen
inches thick; new Ice.
I cut the schooner In through the Ice (the 20th
of last month) about an eighth of a mile to
this position. The Orca, Belvedere and Jessie
Freeman bucked out through the ridge of
ground Ice the day before.
Impossible for me to get out, as at that time
I was frozen in. The day I cut in the Orca was
abandoned; Freeman also. Natives set her on
nre and she burned up. That was fifty mllaj
south of here. The Belvedere was with them,
but managed to get through the young ice to
shoal water. Just north of the Sea Horses
(islands), where she is now.
Nearly all the men have come up to Cape
Smyth. The Newport and Fearless are thirty
five miles east of here, close to Cape Simpson.
Th« Jennie Is seventy miles from here off Pitt
Point. There are Just 300 men and short ra
tions. I am the only one with flour enough to
winter.
The only thing needful for me is coal. I
went to the coal mine, too, but my folks
could find but little coal. I got Into this
scrape by trying to pick up the Navarch'screw;
also carrying two officers to the Bayliss east of
here. I was with the Bear when the captain
and the seven men came on board. I went
much farther east than I wanted to go to try
and get the thirty men who were drifting about
on the ice.
I hardly think you will get this letter. I am
going to send It by Mr. Tllton, who is going to
try to reach civilization. I donlt think he will
ever reach farther than Point JTope.
Telegraph my wife I am all right. The
schooner has nine chances out of ten to come
out all right. I don't know what to write you
in regard to sending up supplies.
The Navarch was ten miles off the Newport
and Fearless. Seven of the nine men came
ashore. They got out a lot of flour, beef and
pork. But the ice broke off and they lost it.
Respectfully yours. CAPTAIN E. COFFIN.
The refuge station is gone. The Steam
Whaling Company, I hear, said they could take
care of all shipwrecked men at Cape Smyth.
They have nothing here. Were It not for
Liebes' place the men would starve this winter.
The following cipher dispatch was re
ceived by E. I* Griffith of this city yes
terday, showing that Fifth Mate Charles
H. Walker of the Orca, who made the
Mackenzie River route, has arrived safely
at Winnipeg. Tt was forwarded by him
from Edmondson:
ON BOARD THE JENNIE, Oct. 30, 1897.
E. L. Griffith, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear
Sir: The Jennie, Newport, Fearless, Belvedere
and Rosari© axe in winter -'larters within 100
miles of Point Barrow. Will get out safe next
spring. The Or.ca and Freeman were lost in
the ice September 20. W. J. DRYNEN.
An interesting letter to Griffith came
from E. L. Mcllhenny. a scientist who is
studying the country for his own amuse
ment and benefit. It is as follows:
POINT BARROW, Oct. 11, 1597.
E. L. Griffith, San Francisco— Dear Sir: Let
ters go with this with the full particulars of,
the wreck of the Orca and Freeman, off Point
Franklin, and the freezing in of the Belvedere
at the same place. The Newport, Jennie and
Fearless being frozen in east of Point Tangent.
I received letters from Captains Leavitt of
the Newport and McKenna of the Fearless
asking for help, as they were hopelessly frozen
in. Two days later I left here, with Tom
Gordon, for their ships, while these letters
were sent me by Charlie Brower from Captain
Sherman of the Orca and Captain Porter of the
Freeman, stating that they were wrecked, and
asking for help. I at once came back here,
and, with Brewer's assistance, got dop teams
and a lot of natives down to them. As soon
as we got them off we fixed up the houses,
and when the men got here, on October 4, we
were ready for them. Sixty-four men came on
the 4th, and we have them quartered In the
old houses now. There are about twenty more
to come from the west and forty from the
east, leaving fifteen men with each of the
ships, to the eastward, with provisions.
I got quite an additional supply of stuff from
the first ships going west, and that, with what
the other stations have, will keep the men
from starving.
I am taking care of all of the men. and when
my provisions give out Mr. Brower will let
me have all he has. I have sent all my na
tives inland hunting, and Mr. Brower has done
the same. Mr. Brower and I will do all in our
power to aid the men, and have no fear now of
having a narrow escape from a hungry winter.
Mr. Brower is outtltting Tilton, third mate
of the Belvedere, to go to Point Hope and
along the coast to Sitka. I am outfitting
Charles H. Walker, fifth mate of the Orca, to
go to Fort McPherson, and I hope one of them
will get letters through. I send duplicate let
ters both ways. E. A. McILHENNT.
Another important letter brought by
Mate Tilton was one to Lieutenant John
D. Miley, U. S. A., of General Shatter's
staff from Captain G. L. Edie, assistant
surgeon U. S. A., who left this city for
St. Michael last September and arrived at
his destination in due time. In the letter,
hearing date St. Michael, January 17, 1898,
Dr. Edie writes:
Pome time since I sent you a letter by a man
who was going by dog sled to Dawson. I think
that he will get through but for fear of accl
dfnt I send you this by Mr. Tilton, mate of the
whaling ship Belvedere. He has come from
Point Barrow and is the man who will get
through. As he has promised me to call at
headquarters in San Francisco he can tell his
own story. He is the only man among the 300
shipwrecked Ballon at Point Barrow who
would volunteer for the trip.
The Bear could not get very far north on ac
count of the ice and landed Lieutenant Jarvis
and party several hundred miles south of here.
He is going to Point Barrow with dog Ble<ls
He brought the first and only news we hav-.
had from the outside world. When the rein
deer come some of us will go through to Daiv
son. .
In another letter which Lieutenant Ml
ley received from Dr. Edie yesterday—
presumably the letter which went by dog
sled to Dawson— the surgeon writes:
Everything froze up tight the 20th of October.
The place and country about are bleak and
dreary. The ice in the Yukon breaks up sev
eral months sooner than that in the Bering
Sea around St. Michael. The health of the men
is good, although the water Is very bad.
IN MEMORY OF THE DEAD.
Bishop Nichols Holds an Impressive
Service at Cypress Lawn.
At Cypress Lawn Cemetery yesterday
the Episcopal Bishop of California con
ducted a delightful service of remem
brance to tho,se who lay buried within the
consecrated precincts of lona graveyard,
a space in Cypress Lawn set apart for
the Interment of those of the Episcopal
faith.
The trains brought crowds to the ser
vice, which began at 11:15. Rev. W. I.
Kip Jr. of the Good Samaritan Mission
and Revs. Cooke of Trinity and Cowel of
San Mateo were present and assisted.
Holy communion was administered by
the bishop, who preached ably upon the
resurrection. Priests and laity, preceded
by a choir of boys, then visited the- graves
of Bishop Kip and others, where prayers
were offered and inspiring hymns sung.
Ebell Officers Elected.
OAKLAND, April 11.— The newly elected
directors of the Ebell Society met this
morning and elected the following officers
for the ensuing year: Mrs. G. W. Bun
nell, president; Mrs. A. W. Bishop, first
vice-president; Mrs. Prentiss Selby, sec
ond vice-president; Mrs. A. L. Cockroft,
corresponding secretary; Mrs. W. A.
Childs, recording secretary; Mrs. A. B.
Pinney, assistant secretary ; Mrs. E. W.
Owen, treasurer; Miss Jennie Huff, finan
cial secretary; Miss Maria E. Babson,
curator.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It gains your favor instan-
taneously by reason of its
high merits and holds it
with a firm grip.
\Xl.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Gihen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers/4i64i8 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
« AN EASTER OFFERING, »
A We. have bought 1000 pairs of Ladies' 8
X Finest Quality Royal Wine-Colored Vlci «
& Kid. Lace Shoes, with new coin toes
* and tips, latest style vamps, and fox- 0
*■* > ings ; and pliable soles,, at a sacrifice vk
£$ from the Julian Kokenge Shoe Company - Q
_. -of Cincinnati. They sell - regularly ' for ' «
« »3 50 and $4 00, but as a bargain we will **
w offer them for $2 35 per pair. . Your W
• money back if shoes are not as repre- . W
& sented. **
* ■ ■ fi^^lP^l "■ (D /I HP »
w ■■■■ TOBttaife II (I WK tt
8 l^^^i t / JL
3 ■ Misses' and' Children's Vicl Kid Lace
J% Shoes, with t embroidered - vesting tops. ' « ;
new coin toes and tips and spring heels. ~;
» Child's sizes..B to 10%........5 l 25, ft
ft Misses', sizes, 11 to 2 . . . ... ... 1 50 w i
** "■ Country orders solicited." Send for New **
& Illustrated Catalogue. Address : s ; .£$
a . B. KATCHINSKI, »
C( PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., »
$ V; 7J 10 Third St., ■ San Francisco. ; iC- £
a « » $ » » «]^ » laueuaLCUJUJflUa
SPRING^ADVICE.
Some Timely Hints for All Who Are Go-
ing Throufth This Trying Season.
Scientific Magazine.
Be careful of your diet. You do not
need heavy food such as you require
during the winter.
Spring may be beautiful, but it is
treacherous. Do not let It deceive you
into a cold, a fever, malaria or pneu-
monia.
Do not throw off your winter flannels
too early. It is better to suffer a little
inconvenience than to take cold.
If you feel tired, feverish or over-
heated, do nut rush off and take
"Spring medicines." Cool yourself
down and in this way help your sys-
tem and purify your blood.
If you feel hot and thirsty, do not
drink large quantities of water or oth-
er "long" drinks. It is much better to
take a little pure whiskey and water
which will quench the thirst, tone the
system and fortify against disease.
Remember that only pure whiskey
shpuld ever be taken into the system,
and that the leading chemists and
scientists of the present day unite in
declaring that Duffy's Pure Malt is ab-
solutely the purest and best.
Do not permit any druggist or gro-
cer to persuade you to take "something
else." Bear in mind that this is a med-
icinal whiskey and far superior for
this reason, while it costs no more.
If you use proper care and follow the
advice above given, you may hopa to
go through the spring, in good shape.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
yl^— Steamers leave Broadway
Vtf jßtek »'harf, San Francisco:
; IHPfwKBBBk For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
Hk IKvWt April 1, 6, 11. 16, 21. 26, May 1.
IR^99^Bl transfer at Seattle.
wm^C\^^Ki For Alaskan ports (from
1 r^^^SlSMi Spear ptreet wharf), 10 a. m.,
April S. 18, 23, May 3, transfer
. ™ at Portland, Or. •
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
1 send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
! New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1. 6,
I 11, 16, 21, 26, May 1, and every fifth day there- I
i after, connecting at Seattle with this com- I
pany steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with j
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
April 2, 8, 14. 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, ■
I Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
1 Gavlota, , Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
I San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
! Newport, 9 a. m., April 3, 7, It 15, 19, 23, 27,
' May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
! Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
! a. m., April 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21. 25, 29, May 3. and |
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, AHata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., April 12,
I and "id of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
i without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
; and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery street
(Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC $ 12 First Class Including Berth
iHnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
i State of California Apr. 3, 13, 23, May 3
! Columbia —Apr. 8. 18, 28, May 8
■ Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD,' General Agent.
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE
To England and the Continent. i
RED STAR LINE
■ To Antwerp.
EMPIRE LINE -
To Alaska.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
REMOVED TO
30 Montgomery St.
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio,. Pao.isylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana, 3400 tons, Conemaugh. 2100 tons (formerly j
in the trans- Atlantic service of the American '
line). - ::• , ; ,
Appointed 'sailings from Seattle.
S. S. Ohio, June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 22. j
S. S. Pennsylvania June 29, for St. Michael, j ,
connecting with company's fleet of new and I ,
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St. j
Or any of its Agencies.
fHflPHiBl# The S.S. ALAMEDA '
jf jUNIL sails via Honolulu and
•C** 8 "" Auckland for Sydney i
y^^_>^ Wednesday. April 20, i
StMlTlMilfk) as - S. ALANDIA. ,
CylCdlllJlily 1 - for HONOLULU only, !
/RfTlR(lr?Ll"» Wednesday, ■' May 4. '
VgllipaiM^ 2 p. m. Special party I
■'.'.>' '■} rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPK
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents..
114 Montgomery street. . :
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco. :
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre. : '?~-V-
Company's Pier (new) 42 "Orth-^ga*
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers «C2*fnLl>
by this line avoid both transit by iJB * '
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a . small boat. New York to , .
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160; ;
second class. $116.
LA NORMANDIE April 16, 10 a. m. ■
LA GASCOGNE : April 23. 10 a. m. . -
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30, 10 a. m. ;
LA BOURGOGNE ................May 7, 10 a, m. :
LA TOURAINE ...... — .. — .May 14, 10 a. m. :
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN- ;
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery j
aye., San Francisco. •
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck.. ..April 28 A. Victoria .....May 28
Columbia ....'...May 12 iF. Bismarck ...June 2 j
Normannia .....Hav 19 Columbia ....June 9
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin $45 up. Steerage $30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pretoria April 16 Pennsylvania. ..May 14
Patria ..........April 23 Palatia .:....... May 21
Phoenicia ....... Ma v 7 Pretoria .. May 28
Ist Cabin $75 up,' 2d Cabin ' $40, Steerage $26. ,
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
* Steamer "Monticello" •■'.•
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat ■
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ....:. ........ 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and — Mission Dock. Pier 2. <
Telejhone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CRU2
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 dai.-y • (Sundays
rxcepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight < and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Norts: <
First street. Sao Jose.
' BAXLROAD TRAVEL. •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Via Ssusalito Ferry.
From ' San Francisco. Commencing September
■_> '"•:'■.• ': "i». iwi.; : ■<
: WEEK' DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *7:3S. tin. |.
11:30 a. m.; *1:46. 3:46, •6:15. 6:00. 6:JO p. m.
Extra ".; trips . for San • Rafael .on - Mondays. '
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ,
-■ :. •■■■• - ■ SUNDAYS. .■■•:-■•■.-■■ "■ ■■: ■ ■
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, *19.« L '
•31:30 a. m.; *1:15. 3:00, *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Train, marked * run to San Quentln.
- T THROUGH : TRAINS. "
146 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tlona; 1:45 P. I m. Saturday. I (mixed train) i tot •
Duncan > Mills and way » stations; 1:00 a. oa>
jhuubura for Point Keys* and wajr itaUoa* - 1
■&,) BAILSOAD TILAVEI* l
■OlTliriO I'ACIIIC t'OMPAJIT.
(PAOiriO aVSTKM.) " . .
Train* Icare SUM) hit <!••«• to nrrlv* at
M.4N ri«»\«-|N«o. -
(M»i7i Line, Foot of Market Street) -*■
IKav« — , From April 10, 1898. — akrivs!
•6:00 a Nile*. B*n Jose and Way .Stations... •8:48*,
":OOa Benicin, Suisun and Sicraiuento.... 10:43 a.
TiOOa Marysville, Oroville and Kedding Ti»
. Woodland ' 5:43p
7:00 a Vaoaviile and Runisey 8:45r
: 7:HUa Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
■ : Calistoga and Saut» Rosa 6ilsp
S:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Kast.. 8:40?
»i»Oa Kiles. San .lose. Stock toil, lone,
Sacramento, Maryaiille, Chico,
'-' ' •■ hama and Iteil HliilT 4ilsf>
•»:30a reters, Milton ami Oakdale *7ilSf
OiiM»A New Orleans Raynss, Merced. Ray-
mond, I'iesnu, Bakerslieid. Santa
■> ■•:,• '■'.- lUrlntra. I ..is .Angeles, Deming,
El l'asu. New Orleans and East. •>49p
»i»O a Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 1*:1«P
•I:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamer* '»iOl>f
] :O«p Nilea, San Jose and Way Stations.. *9i4»A
l::iOi- Martinez ami Way Stations ?:43r :
SiOOr Li»«rmore, Meudbta, Haniord and
Visalia 4:15»
Lirenuore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations..... tlO: ISA
4i»Op Martinez, Han Itamon, Vallejo, .
Napa, Calistot;*, ICI Verano and *
SHiitii Boss •tI3A
4ioor Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
»iil<- and Siiurftineiito 10:45 a
• iSOp Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7 : 1 5f
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mnjivo (for Randsburg),
Sauta Barbara and Los Angeles.. 7i45a
4i»op Santa Ye Koute. Atlantic Kxpresa
forMojii»o ami F.«st •«40»
" Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, Xl
Patio. Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East |I0:15a
5:30r " Sunset Limited Annex," El Pago.
. New Orleans and JPiast lIOiISa
6:OOpK,,roiie:iiiMiiil, (1g.1e,, and Kast.... 9:45 a.
IlHyHarili, NIK-sand Han Jose 7:45 a
tB:Otti> Vallejo f7:45s
ll:OOp Oregon MacramenUi, Marys-
rille, Ke.l.liiic, Portland, I'ngiit
( .Soiinil ami l''.M«t 8i154
sa> 130555 AMI iiavwauos local.
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
{*6:«0a I ? "7:154
8:OOa Belrose, Seminary Park. «»»:45a
»:OOA ™cl,l,ur<,El m h»rst, IO:4SA
lO.OOa I FllcliLnrir, Klmhuwt, .<.,*
<1 1:OOa I San l.fiuiilro. South San 12:45.
:l . 2 . !0 ! .. 0' KMuiJillo, £15,
'tbVob'p ■ Lorenzo, Cherry " • M:45«
4:OOp ' <5:45 l
B:OOP an <> 6:151
».-aop Ha) words. 7:45 i
7:« Op a:4s>
;8:OOp < Runs through to Nile*. ,2 ! I 3 "
O:OOp « From Niles 10:50s
ttll:lsp^> f r ° m iN "" > ' ntl2:ooi
COAST DIVISION (Narroir Haiiu-p). '
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7i4sa Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations 18:O5i
StISA Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations sisoi
*BilSp Newark, Centerrille, San Joss, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MOtff 04
4:1 Up San Jose and Glenwood 9:20*,
a4:lsp Boulder Creek ami Baota Cru5...... j»:2Ua
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX HUIiCISCO— Foot or Mirkil Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3:OI
•4:00 t5:00 •6:C0l'.ll.
From OilUKD— Foot Br«idw»j.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*. If,
»2:00 *l:00 43:00 *3:00 ■• ti:00 "5:00 p.m.
(OAST VISION Broad Usage). O *
.{Third and Towngend Sta.)
~ *7:OOa San Jose ami Way Stations (New *
Almadeu Wednesdays only) liSOr
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion (or Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove V and
> Principal Way Stations.. < J»:Bsp
•iOOa Hun .lose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove.. Paao llobles, Sau
Luis oliispo, Guadalupe,Bur( and
Principal Way Stations .......... 4:lOp
IO:4Oa Sau Joss ami Way Stations # S:«Oa
11:30 a San J»se ami Way St»»ious *Si33a '
•2:45 v San Mateu. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Santa Clara, San .'one. Oilroy, a
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Csrove *10:35 A
*U:!IOp San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific GrOTe
and Way Stations *9:0Oa.
•4:1 »[• San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45 a.
•s:<»Op San Jose and Principal Way .Stations 6:35 a
s:S»i> Sau Juse and Principal Way Stations 5:30p
0::iOi-San Josoaud Way Stations 7:30p
Ml:4si» San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. . P fur Afternoon.
• Sundays eicepteil. » Sundays only, i Saturdays only
it Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
% Thursdays, a Saturdays and Sunday*.
. I Saturdays^ j Sundays and Mondays.
SAN FRANGISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO. ;
Tibaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.'
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEb.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13 :U,
t:W, 6:10, 6:10 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trim
at 11:80 p. m. eaturdajrs— Sztca trips at l:a<
and 11:30 p. m. . ...
■DNDATS— B:OO, tdß. U:M a. m.; IM. » J*.
1:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEIi TO SAN FRANCISCO. $BSB
WEEK DATS— 7:60. 9:10. 11;1» a. m.J
12:45, 8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:65 and 8:35 p. m.
BUNDATS-«:10, 9:40. U:lt a. m.; I:4*. Itt.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetien Parti
tame schedule as above.
Leave . In rf rf^,. Arrive
San Francisco. | Oct 21. San Fran ol»«>-
* Week] ■ ' Sun- j npnUmltlon Sun * 1 Weo *
Week I Sun- np-tinatin* i Sun * i day%
Days. I days. : DeatinaUoa 1 day 9. | da ys.
7:80 a.m. ! B :ooa.m.] llovato, |lb-.40a.m. I S:4oa.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. I Petaluma, i 6:10 p.m. j 10:25 a.m.
b:lop.m. 5:00 p.m. ' Santa Rosa. ! 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
Fulton.
' floa.tn. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburg,
I^yttoa
Geyservill«,
7:80 p.m. S:ooa.m. ! Cloverdala 7:88 p.m. H:2?p.m.
j ' IHopland and I ~
7 ! 8 •00a.m. I Ukiah. I 7:85 p.m. « :2»p.m. -
1 :30 a.m. ' ] ' ] 10:25 a.m.
S :ooa.m. Guernerllle. 7:85 p.m.
8:80 p.m. I g:22p.ny .
; :30a.m. 3 :00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8 :40 a .ml
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. «:3Jp.rn.
18 :00 a.m.] .soria-tonnL |10:«0a.m.|10:25a.ra
3:80p.m.15.-Oop.m.| ° eOaBIOpO '- I 7:35 p.m.! 7:22p.na
6tages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
tarings; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: ac
Cloverdale (or the Geysers; at Hopland foe
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah tor
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno. Pottae
Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s, Buck* .
Hell's. Sanhedrin Heights, HullvlUe, Boanvtlls.
©it's Hot Springs, Mendocina City. Font
Erarg, West port, 17 sal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*>
6uced rates. • • • .
On Sunday* round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. >
> Ticket Of flee*— 6so Market street. Chronlela;
b A! wf "FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A«t- '
li^apauH CALIFORNIA
l^uM^i m ™-
iHrannHll SAN FRANCISCO
IIWOiJMIMMHj CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. ,
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
J% days to Chicago. 4% days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at '4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace * and ■ Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct Conner' a in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arriv and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 6*l Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1520. Oakland office, 1118 . Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street.  . ■ • -
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUEN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
. From September 19, 1597. : trains will run as
tollovrs: . ... ■ ■ ■ •
Southbound. .1 1 Northbound •
Paaßeu- ' Mixed ■ .,,... Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday stauona> Sunday ger
Dally Exc'p'td — — •' Exc'p'td Dally.
7 -JO a.m. 9:00 a. m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 6:40 p.m.
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
30:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:o0 a.m. 2:20 p.ra ■
: 11 .40 a.m. \ 6:20 p.m. Hanf or X■ . :45 a.m. 1:15 p. tn .
Xi :lsp.m. 6:45 p.m. Vlsalia 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m
Stopping at Intermediate po ints wnea require!
Connections— At Stockton with steam boats of
C. N. * L Co.. leaving San Francisco an
Stockton at <. p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs, CoulterviUe. etc.
: alao with state for Hornitos. Martpoaa. eto.|
i at Lankershlm witk stage to and from Uadara*
MOUNT TAMALPAI? SCENIC RAILWAY.
... (Via ■ Sausalito Ferry). , • ■ '.'
. Leave' San " Francisco, commencing : Novem-
ber IS. 1897:
- Week Days— a. m..' 1:45 p. m. ■
Sundays— 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:1* p. a.
Bound trip from Mill Valley, |L '
THOa : osok & SON a . Afeata, ; m Kaxlufl
1112
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27. 1897, In pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8. Article XI. of the Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
article I— BOUNDARIES, rights
and liabilities.
articl: ii-legislative depart-
MENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter lll— Contracts.
ARTICLE III— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of Public
Moneys.
Chapter Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
■ Chapter V— Tax Collector.
* Chapter Vl Coroner. '
Chapter Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator,
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I-Board of Public Works.
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter 111-Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV --Sewers and Drainage,
Chapter V-Harbors and Wharves.
ARTICLE VII - PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
C KrIY- B sX d or s fl::dUCatlOn -
Edu h c a a P tlon. III POWer 3 ° the B °««» of
Chapter IV-Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
• SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
ban Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, In
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and In all matters
and proceedings; may have an 1 use a
Common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real n.nd personal property; i
receive bequests, gifts and donations of j
all kinds of property, In fee simple, or
In trust for charitable and other pur- j
poses, and do all acts necessary to
carry out th« purposes of tuch gifts,
bequests and donations, . Aith power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the I
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Bee. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of Can Francisco are here- !
by declared to be those set forth in j
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty !
of the Political Code nf California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San \
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description !
of the existing municipality and is I
hereby declared to be the successor of I
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings !
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recover: of any !
property, money or thinr belong- j
ing thereto, in law or equit;-, or dedi- |
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights cf, or con
tracts with, the City and County, \
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and <
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
shall continue to be carried on by or !
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de- i
fective condition of any sidewalk |
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or i
place, or by reason of the defective '
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of !
paid defects originally existed, or |
whether they were occasioned by con- j
etruotion, excavation or embankment, ''■
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue, i
fane, alley, court or place or by want j
of repair of any sewer; ror shall there '
be any recourse against the City and <
County for damage to person or prop- |
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue, |
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling j
from any embankment thereon or Into
any excavation therein; but in anysuch ,
case the person or persons on whom |
the law may have imposed the obli- j
gation to repair such defect in the j
sidewalk, street or public highway, or '
•In the sewer, and also the officer or ;
officers through whose official negli- j
gence such defect remains unrepaired !
phall be jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus- ;
tamed.
•
, ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power j
of the City and County of San Francis- I
co shall be vested in a legislative body, <
Which shall be designated, the Board of]
ARTICLE Vll-Contlnued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII - POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X-DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII-CIML SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body Is also desig
nated in" this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
Ghall consist of eighteen members, all
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from thfe City and
County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred doll: s.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board shall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Beard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or If that day be a
legal holiday, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r 'ar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces
sity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents,
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be In these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco as follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to it* title: but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Bee. 12. .When a hiy is put upon its
THE SAN TRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
final passage In the Board and falls to
pass, and a motion Is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon Its
final passage within ninety days after
Its introduction, and no franchise shall
be renewed before one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
h ndred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its Intro
duction, be published In the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or items
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Each item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
it he shall sign it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as If it had been approved by th<»
Mayor. Tf the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lnpt. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions shall hp deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at length in a suitable book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted In
the manner hereinbefore set out, and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of th? Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollarsshall be presented tothe
Mayor for is approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provide T . for th" passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of money other
than salaries or wages, when the
amount exeppds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and legal holidays ex
cepted) in the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. TT " -Ae\ r there shall be pre
sented to the Board of Election Com
missioners a petition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fi*te~n p^r
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such petition, be subr ..ted
to a vote of th electors oZ h^ City md
County, the Board of Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlio vote of the elei tor? ~t
the next eleetirn.
The sigr .turcs to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his si£rnatur->
his place of r idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall I nke oath he
fore an officer competent to admin, ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used In such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating (he nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast v. ten
such ordinary shall be in fa 'or of the
adoption therei *, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
c'alm such fac' : nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and efffct as an ordlnan' i
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may subnet
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance," or for amendments thereto,
for v jte at any succeeding election: and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such flection, such ordl
nnticp shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every ordinance ln/olvlng the
granting by the City and County of
any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the lease - r sale of any
publicutility, or for thepurchaseof land
of more than fifty thousand dollars In
value must be submitted to the v< :e
of the elect- s of th City and County
at the election next ensuing after the
adontion of ruch oruinance.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating t.e nature of
the proposed ordi nee) and
"Ai3AINST TKS ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature o- the prjposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall b«» Jn favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Ele .lon
Commissioners shall, within thir'"
days from V * time of such election,
proclaim such fact: and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall have
tho same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be of any force or effect ex
cept it be tnad" by ordinar.ee, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in tb's section provided.
Sec. 22. Whoever there ahall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
sign d by a number of voters equal
fifteen per centum of the votes cast at
i tha last nrecedlne State or municlDal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendme... o t this Charter, to be set
out in such petition, be submitted to
the people, the Board must submit to
the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fcro an oi competent to administer
oaths that the statements made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper appenue" 1 Is the gen-:' le
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make al] necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it, and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as In other cos j of election.
All the p-ovisions of the Constltuticn
of the State embracing the subject In
this section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro
posed amendment or amendments. But
if at any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc +.he
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
"AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
he in favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accor<~ ii?]y.
CHAPTER IL
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee ssary local, police, sani
tary and other laws anl regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of r.-.lifornia, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and ~ unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the .-street and
must be operated under such resLric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
sich streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit i impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden bui'. "ngs or structures shall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same within such
limits. Such limits when once' estab
lished shall not be hanged except by
extension.
6. To provide fo. the abatement rr
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
" To regulate the use of hackneycar
riages and public passenger vehicles,
ar.d to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggfge.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all nece: :-y rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
s.ruction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and person charged
with insanity, separate and r-part from
places where c: i^.inals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain rid regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County Jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided In
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use cf v ater, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or t"> the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
16. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this C"
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars In any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasuryfrom fines col
lected on convic'ion of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part thereof in any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
C^urt, to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and rewerage.
23. To provide a Peal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor la any calendar day, and that tL .
! minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or Btreets.orpor
tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
I street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
i struction of tunnels, under such rules
and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of such roads using the
same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed id in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
.all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. 'Jo convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof." ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32; To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County,
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus' appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
vouchers
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
•whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of account of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or .a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
3 r ears to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being mnde to the
Hoard for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character !
of the franchise sought, the term of
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed: that sealed bjds
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named In the advertise- !
ment: and a further statement that i
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
in lawful money of the United States
of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its !
use, operation, enjoyment or posses- !
■ton.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to the City and County, i
with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad- !
vertisement, conditioned that such bid- |
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi- !
tions, terms and obligations of the j
franchise for which said application I
was made in case the same shall be j
awarded to him, and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of ;
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as |
such shall be recoverable from the |
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open
such bids and award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no j
award shall be made, nor any such ap- !
plication granted, unless the stated i
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise shall be at least three per I
centum of such gross receipts during j
the first five years of the period for
Which the franchise is to be granted, j
four per centum of the gross receipts i
during the next succeeding ten years, |
and five per centum of the gross re- j
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as in this section otherwise ;
provided, bidding for such franchises
must br in accordance wi:h the provls- i
ions of this Charter in relation to bids '
made to the Board of Pv.Mic Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors :uay reject any
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a :
franchise for any part of tre route for i
which application was made. *Vr. cry
ordinance making such" grant shall re
quire the concurrenceof three-fourths of
all the members of the Board of Super
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May- j
or, and at least ninety days shall in- i
tervene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance. It
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the \
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road- i
track and bed of such railway and all !
its stationary fixtures upon the public j
streets, shall become the property of !
the City and County; and that the :
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence ;
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and cv- |
cry month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least i
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an immedi- j
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the j
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super- !
visors to relieve from such forfeiture :
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem j
advisable, and must expressly provide j
that the franchise shall not be renewed j
or regranted. and that the Board shall
at all times have the power to regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no i
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes j
along or upon any public street or high- ;
way of the City and County except up- j
on all the conditions and in the manner, !
including competitive bidding and pay- j
ment of a percentage of gross receipts, '
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad xranchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance r.uthorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTEB 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, pu v lic insti
tutions and other departments not oth
erwise specifically provided for in this
i Charter, must be made bytheSupervis
! ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for
not less than ten days in the official
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in thisi
Charter, the Board must determine
! annually what goods, merchandise,
! stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
j olher necessary articles will be needed
j by the City and County for the ensuing
year, and It shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions In this Charter provided
as to competitive bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
shall be made for any of the same un
less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
with a certificate of deposit or certified
check on a solvent bank in the City
and County of ten per centum on the 1
amount of the bid, payable at sight to
the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five days af
ter such award fail or neglect to enter
into the contract and file the required
bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same Into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances snail
the certificate of deposit or check o.
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
be found in the office of the Cl er k°ii
the Board of Supervisors; and sriii 11
also state that such articles are to Da
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the su
pervisors may designate. Any bldo>r
may bid separately for any artic a
named. The award as to each articia
shall in all cases be made to the lowest
bidder for such article, and where a Dia
embraces more than one article, tne
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid ror
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify eacp
article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, ana tne
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made In any prison. Tne
Supervisors shall require bonds wltu
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The Clerß
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated In th<j
advertisement for proposals, in tnn
presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may inspect the Dirts. AH
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied Fhall be subject to inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char-- of tne or
flce. Institution or department tor
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the "performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in tn*
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for worn
to be performed for the City and Coui>
tv which does not comply with the pro
visions of this FPPtion shall be null and
void and any officer who shall sign tne
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
'< tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
; two years. In inviting proposals there
for such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
j tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
i to mean the advertising and publlca
i tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
inviting proposals and all notices of
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other part or kind of
the same is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list. . .
The newspaper to -which the award
of such advertising is made shall be
known and designated as the "official
newspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
'■ City and County with all stationery
! and supplies in the nature of station
! cry, assessment books, minute books,
blanli books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery shall ba
, separate from tho°e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
! require a greater or less quantity to
1 be delivered at such times and in such
: manner as the Supervisors may desig-
I nate. The advertisement for bids for
'■ paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
! the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
! receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
j papers and documents now used or
j hereafter required in any and all de
j partments of the City and County, in
| eluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
j consecutively numbered, and each form
1 and blank shall be known as No.
i (specifying the number). Such adver
i tisement shall be published for at least «*i
i ten days, and shall require the bidders I
1 to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu-
I factured, as the same may be required
from time to timp during such period.
• and the amount cf the bond that will Da
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offl
j cer or department shall contain the
! name or names of the officer or ofn
\ cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
( contracts must be made with the low
■ est bidder offering adequate security.
; quantity and quality being considered.
' The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
i he shall issue and distribute the same
' to the various departments as re
! quired.
He shall keep accounts in detail,
charging himsel! with all goods re
i eeived, and crediting himself with the
I goods delivered upon order or requisi
i tion as hereinafter provided. When
> any of such supplies are required, for
! any department, the Clerk of the Su
| pervisors shall issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall ba
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
I printing ordered by and t'ellvered to
1 any department or officer.
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
I County, or of any department thereof,
i who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
| terial or supplies, at a higher price or
I rate than that proposed \y any other
I bidder, or W < shall favor one bidder
over another, by giving or withholding
, information, or who shall willfully mis
lead any bidder in regard to the char
! acter of the material or supplies called
I for, or who phr.ll knowingly accept ma- +
terlals or supplies, of a quality inferior
! to that called for by the contract, or
who shall knowingly certify to a great
er amount of labor performed than has
been actually performed, or to tie re
i celDt pf a greater amo.:nt or differentkinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
moved from office
Sec. 6. All contracts provided for In
this Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the City and
County by the Mayor. All such con
tracts must be countersigned by the
Clerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date in a book kept
by him for that purpose. When a con
tractor fails to enter into the contract
awar • ' to pel form the same,
new 1 ids must be Invited, and a con
tract awarded as provided herein In
the first instance. When the Supervis
; the prices bid are too
high, ■ dders have combined to
prov< Itlon, "r that the public
Inten subserved thereby, they
v reject anj and all bids and cause
for proposals to be readver
« No contract for lighting
•s public buildings, places or of-
Bhall I" 1 ::!;:i (> for a longer period
t nan r, nor shall any contract
trie light or any Il
luminating material at a higher rate
itn price charged to any
other " ■'•' valid. Demands
f.ir lighting public buildings shall be
: monthly to the hoard or de
ng or having charge
f, and shall specify the amount
c light or Illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER L
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
iy of April in each year the heads
: tpartments, cilices, boards and
commissions of the City and County
shall send to the Supervisors an esti
mate in writing of the amount of ex
penditure, specifying in detail the ob
quired in their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
Bent at tli« - same time to the Auditor.
2. On or i> fore the first Monday
of May In each year the Auditor shall
mit t.> the Supervises an estimate
of the probable expenditures of the
City a i!il County government for the
:iscal year, stating the
• ■ red to meet the interest
• nds for all outstanding
funded <l>'Ms, and the wants of all the
:' the municipal govern
and Bhowing specifically
ry t.i be apportion
h fund in the treasury; also
mi estimate of- the amount of income
8 and other sources
: . exclusive of taxes upon
rty, and the probable amount re
i to be levied and raised by taxa
•
Sec, 3. The Supervisors shall meet
tally between the first Monday of
May • rsi Monday of June, and
by a \ majority of all the mem
ke a budget of the
. to be required to
of conducting the
the OH-- and County
nsuing fiscal year. The
c prepared in such de
the aggregate sum and the
allowed to each depart
ment ard or commission, as
rs Bhall ilfpin advisable.
y determining upon thf>
- ipervisors shall fix such
Lme or times as may be
sary to allow th^ taxpayers to be
• 1 thereto, ami the Super
's shall attend at the time or times
[ni id for such hearing
4. Any Item in said budget may.
n ten 'lays, he vetoed In whole or
the Mayor, and it shall re
qulre fifteen votes of the Supervisors
. h veto. Action thereon
before the last Monday
i
After the final estimate is made In :
nceordanoe herewith, it shall be signed
by the Mayor and the « \> rk of the Su
p^rvipors, and tV several sums shall
then be appropriated for the ensuing
fipral year to the several purposes and
departments therein name- 1 . The esti
mate shall be filed in the office of the
Auditor.
Sec. 5. Th» Supervisors must cause
to be raised annually according to law,
and collected by tax. the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided in this Charter, no money shall
be drawn from the treasury unless in
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Sec. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
Sec. 8. The Super-'^ors may appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
wise provided for — law. No money
shall be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of all the members of the Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 9. It shall not be lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any board, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to Incur, authorize or contract liabili
ties against the treasury, to incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
*.' ■*■ payable in the present or future, in
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
pxpendltures. Indebtedness or liability
made or incurred up to the time in
F'irh month of making or incurring the
Fame, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
ihe amount of the appropriation for
:he fiscal year.
When any board, department or offi
cer haviner newer to incur liabilities
nealr>*t the treasury shall make any
agreement for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
?ueh agreement by number and date,
nnd all demands arising under such
agreement shall be payable in the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must inform the
person with whom it is proposed to
make such agreement of the amount of
money available or likely to v>~ avail
able In the fund from which such de
mands are payable.
If, at the beginning of any month,
a money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which might lawfully
have been expended during the pre
ceding month, such unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pry all unpaid claims
upon such appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended in any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except in payment of
claims lawfully Incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet the expense of elections; for
♦.ho support and maintenance of the
Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments; and for urgent necessities.
phnll be exempt from the provisions of
:Ms section.
Sec. 10. No contracts made, the ex
pose of whose execution Is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid
by assessments upon the property ben
efited, shall be binding or of any force,
unless the Auditor shall indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient '" pa. the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
th« board or officer making the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies furnished. Involving
the expenditure <"•< ''"-*?' •*"*« ' ■•■•. Km
fired and fifty dollars, unless the same
is required by law to be done by con
tract at public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such indorse
ment unon every such contract so
presented to him, If there remains un
r»*^lied. and unexpended such amount
so specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and j
retain such sum to pay the expense In
corred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de- j
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June In each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required i
to be levied upon all property not ex- !
empt from taxation. The amount shall j
be sufficient to provide for the payment ,
during the fiscal year of all demands |
upon the treasury authorized to be paid j
out of the same; but such levy, exclu- j
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay j
the interest and maintain the pinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the ,
City and County, and exclusive of the I
tax to pay for the maintenance and <
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors in making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec 13. The limitation in section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
i case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
1 crease be authorized by ordinance
! passed by the unanimous vote of the
j Supervisor? and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered in the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing in this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income j
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro- \
i vide for the collection thereof. They
Bhall from time to time provide for the ;
payment of the interest and principal
of "the bonds for which the City and
Qounty is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically .
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad- j
: Judicated, the Supervisors shall direct j
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the ]
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are In the several interest i
and sinking funds, In the Common j
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li- |
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen- ;
. sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and j
Pension Fund, and in such other funds !
the disposition of whose surplus moneys j
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for.
CHAPTER IL
The Several Funds.
SECTION' 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the I'nap
poriioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fundby virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneys com
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund'by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library' and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final Judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon -s deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea:- in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Firemen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund. Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 8. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to Its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected Income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such de». .quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund ,s applicable,
which are not reueemabfc before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the surrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION' 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or Indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, <>r collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed; and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "T'napportioned Fee
Fund." which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds in
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
See. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
ape, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt is issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the nam°
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sections eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law. and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who Is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the ru»me of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service I
was' made, and between what hours of '
the day, and such statement shall be i
verified by the oath of such officer. The I
Auditor shall examine such statement, j
and issue his warrant upon the Treas- \
urer for such amount of money as will I
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer, :
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage <
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola- i
tion of this section shall be disallowed |
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
(owed for any reason shall be appor- j
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than j
one of his deputies or assistants at a |
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements ur>on the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days . .f ter sui-h
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from, the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account in any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTER IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or h^ agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold offW
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollaia.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
public officers and the manner in
which they execute their duties and i
fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
times be open to his inspection and ex- ,
amination. He shall take special care j
that the books and records of all de- i
partments, board*, officers and persons j
are kept in legal and proper form. !
When any official defalcation or will- ,
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or ;
person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
i recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas- j
ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
! of the State and ordinances of the City
i and County are observed and enforced. ;
: He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public
institutions of the City and County,
; and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
i shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for ,
j in this Charter, and offer suggestions
■■ at such meetings. He shall take all
j proper measures for the preservation
i of public order and the suppression of
| all riots and tumults, for which pur
i pose he may use and command thepo
; lice force. If such police force is in
! sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
ernor for military aid in the manner
! provided by law, so that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
folly performed. It shall be the duty {
I of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County, j
; when it shall come to his knowledge ,
that any contract or agreement with
! the City" and County, or with any offl-
I cer or department thereof, or relating
i to the business of any office, has been
\ or is about to be violated by the other
'■ contracting party, forthwith to report
! to the Mayor all facts and information
■ within his possession concerning such
■ matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer j
:or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and information
that he has done so, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
1 tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
'the City and County to any person.com- ,
! pany or corporation which have been
• forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
1 not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
; sary actions to enforce the provisions
: of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
: pone final action on any franchise that
1 may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati- ■
■ fled or rejected by a majority of the '.
! votes cast on the question at the next
i election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
| officers of the City and County whose
! election or appointment Is not other- ;
i wise specially provided for in this i
j Charter or by law. When a vacancy j
■ occurs in any office, and provision is
! not otherwise made in this Charter or
j by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
! such vacancy, who shall hold office for
i the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
i of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
|of his office. He may call extra ses
j sions of the Board and shall commu-
n icate to them in writing the objects
| for which they have been convened;
! and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
! Mayor is temporarily unable to per
; form his duties, a member of the Board
j shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER 11.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
j must have been such for at least five
i years next preceding such time. He
\ shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
I a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting'of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
I taxes not delinquent, without first de
j ducting the amount of any indebted
! ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
| sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
1 officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports In the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon It the word '•Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which It is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it "specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTER IIL |% i
The Treasurer.
SECTION L There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars am
one clerk who shall receive an annua
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shal
be paid into the treasury. He shall no
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or wit]
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his persona
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and afte
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amoun
of money on hand. At the end of ever>
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, am
on what account, and out o
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, am
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each da\
during office hours. Xo fees of an\
kind shall be retained by him, but th
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of th
moneys in the treasury, there shall b
provided a joint custody safe in whicl
shall be kept the moneys of the Clt>
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be Joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept In bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the §ilver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept In the safe a Joint
custody bock, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make the proper entry in the joint cus-.
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kept in another safe: and the money
therein shall be balanced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receints for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
several item, date and amount compos
ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Every lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be naid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money in the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on "'•■'•ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Canceled"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If. how r ever. there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered in a book kent for that
purpose by the Treasurer. - Such rois
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each de
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of original
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropiiation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by tha
Treasurer: but the registration of any
demand shall not operate n> recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provision* of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV.
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
i sessor of the City and County, who
1 shall be an elector of the City and
I County at the time of his election and
! who must have been such for at Yeast
flTe years next preceding such time. Ha
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receiva
: an annual salary of four thousand dol
1 lars, which snail be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy -who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
. hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
| who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of th«
, year not more than one hundred clerka
| who shall each be paid at the rate of
; not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
i ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of th«
State.
CHAPTER V. ; ififfi&i
The Tax Collector. '
SECTION 1. There shall be a Ta*
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. Ht
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receiva
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
■ each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon th»
final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. H»
shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac
count, the full amount of all taxes, as
sessments and moneys received by him,
: and not previously paid over, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and be
'; debtor to the City and County for,' the
full amount of all taxes due upon th»
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
I to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
! for the collection of delinquent taxea,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to p?,y licenses, and see that
i licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
.he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. Ha
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license Is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may b«
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec-
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tim«
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amount*
thereof named in such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, an<S
take receipts therefor, and th© Ta*
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once In
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply -with,
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into th»
treasury. __
CHAPTER VI. <•* gl 551:31
The Coroiler. ■. ~ "■
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
1 ncr of the City and County.who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at. least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
| He shall perform such duties as may
ibe prescribed by law or ordinance. He
i shall have the control and manage-
I ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi.f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer .and
typewriter who |hall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII. .| _ . 1 1 [
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a 'Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the people and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two. assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an,
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensator at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate, to
one hundred dollars a month.
gee- *-'.- ha Recorder shall take intohis custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount paiu for recording the
same, and shad number consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner proscribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions aim proceedings in all the courts
In the City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner's Juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers ;n the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall ea~h receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTER IL
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and v ..o shall receive an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
shall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts of this State, and he must
have been so qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha . . devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. L. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
tions at law or in equity, and all spe
cial ]>!• c< edlngs for or against th,e City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin - exists in favor of the
City and County, he shall commence
the lame when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He. shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officer?, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit- and County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for f.r against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do sa b • the Mayor and Supervisors.
S. He shall keep on Tile in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer.
I or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
app.-ars: and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his charge in which the City
and County is Interested.
Bee. 4. He hall deliver all b->oks
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and Count/, to h!s successor In office.
who Shall »ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one «.f which he shall file
■with the A uditor.
Bee. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars; the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollar?: the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and' the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars: an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars: and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary In preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shnll continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the tiVne of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been so qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
Th» assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
ofTWs at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
SECTION I. The District Attorney
phall b^ elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for . t least five years next
preceding his election. He phall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall
have all the powers conferred and
shall discharge all the duties Imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State
and in addition thereto shall attend in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. lie shall draw all complaints
and warrants in Bald Police Court
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the city and County; deliver
receipt? for money or property received
In hi« official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with th* County Treas
urer; file with tl • Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April. July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing- all
moneys received by him in his official
capacity durlr~ the preceding three
months: keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him.
and of the proceedings therein; and
give, when required, without fee. ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the ChW of Police, the Board
Of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Pec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him in the
dlseharpe of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors in the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall act as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting rs such nrosecut
ing attorneys in the Police Court are
not actually engaged in work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
nt the call of the District Attorney for
nny service connected with his depart
ment. The assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be qualified to
practice in all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
leant two years next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
-i*'* »nnnlnt on© chief clerk, who shall
I receive an annual saJaxy of eighteen
I hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
> who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
: ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
i dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, In
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
i sales under judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have aJI the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as In this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
! tors of the counties of the State in full
i compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
In his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Bee. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
\\h'> shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars: twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. F«>r copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, in
his custody.
CHAPTER VL
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be |
elected by the people, and he shall hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol- j
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery i
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow- J
ers conferred, and shall discharge all ;
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs !
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Bee 2. He may appoint the follow- j
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars; j
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred I
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail j
Number < me, eighteen hundred dollars; j
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin- j
ent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron I
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine ■
hundred dcrllars; six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissary to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
I 'river of Van, nine hundred dollars;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by his depu
ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
; Peace shall each receive an annual aal-
I ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
I except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
i five Deputies, each of whom shall re
j ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
' County of San Francisco a Court to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist, of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
I office for four years. They si all each
' receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
nf the ( 'ity and County at the time of
: their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
i such time. No person shall be eligible
■ to the office of Judge of the Police
i Court who is not at the time of his elee
ti'-n qualified to pructice in all the.
Courts of this State, and who has not
i been so qualified for at least five years
i next preceding his election. The Court
1 shall be divided into departments
: known as Department Number One,
| Department Number Two, Depart
! inent Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
! Court at the same time as there are
j Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected :it the first election under
; this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their numbera
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors.
Second— Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Paid Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as axe now or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and !
said Court or any Judge thereof shall |
have the same power in all criminal j
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace: provided, that:
First — No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects*
to file his statement on appeal within I
ton days after sentence shall lose his j
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed Etatement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall !
have filed his amendments to the pro- j
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shall solicit |
or importune any of said Judges, either j
before or after judgment, to dismiss a :
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the ;
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth — A complaint may be demur- !
red to on the ground that it does not I
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person ;
and property aa to enable the defend- j
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and '
the complaint may be amended by per- '
mission of the Court after a demurrer
IB sustained.
Fifth— A defendant In custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de- ;
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall :
try all cases as speedily as possible, j
and must refuse continuances after the j
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause .
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author- j
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be !
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it. and make out all I
complaints and warrants for the arrest |
of perrons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec 5. The District Attorney shall j
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk •■
who shall receive a salary of twenty- j
four hundred dollars a year, and thre*»
Assistant "Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of I
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant j
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time J
of his appointment qualified to practice j
in all the Courts of this State. The |
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall ke»p his
office open continuously night and day
for the transaction of business; shall
draw complaints in actions lrt the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the j
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds taken in the Police Court: shall
examine th<» sufficiency of every bail j
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po- j
li^e f'ourt and make a return thereon, '
within forty-eight hours after such j
bond shall have come into his posses- ;
sion, in the following form:
"I Warrant and Bond;
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and incumbranees j
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed ,
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
Th s Warrant and Bond CWk shall .
endorse upon the bond the time when j
it was issued by him. or when it came
into his possession. He may issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom '
the bonds are issued; and he may take j
cash bail to the extent in any one case I
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the \
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing ball
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court In which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof; call the dally calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases In the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, in
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him, an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing: ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act aa
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sep. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court.
Bee. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law In all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedings pending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of Pan Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER L
•me Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
a; pointment as such Commissioner un
less he is. and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President fo r one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The
President of the Board shall in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Buard expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, dt'i'iities, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary' after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except thatwhich is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City-
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediatel>
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of all
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to thr
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence at
the time this Charter goes into effect
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
changing the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence ani
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened In the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, ovu 1 or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity witn
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through tht»
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the>
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraphortele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, and
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Koard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to grant
permits for or allow the permanent en.,
croachrnent upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining,
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th»
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places and
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitorsana
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings nnd structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by the
City and County, or which may here
after be Bo owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written applicatirin shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The IJnard shall there
upon make an estimate o- tht expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
htoring the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening ortear
ing up. Such person, company or cor-
I" 'ration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear u^ said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts f r the doing of BUCn work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done by days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been 1< s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public Improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
Is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwißedetermin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
In case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken In all cases In the matter
of the letting of contracts by eaid
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which tha work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and If any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the'
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble an\J
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board Fhall be consklored. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid: and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
chocks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as In the first In
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time it shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in pre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pope of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded i
Shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case nf improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Boar.l
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
trnct do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shnll be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be don* 1 , the
manner in which it shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered into by the
Board shall be Piernert by nil the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
in triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept In the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named In the notice
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for tha
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property, the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances, is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (tor
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him. that he Is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in nla
own name for real property In an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not ue
linouent. ..
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for Its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Public
Works, a further extension may ba
granted by vote of fourteen memDcrs
of the Board of Supervisors. In case cf
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where It
is otherwise provided In this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER H. j
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open public streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and ta^ Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
j and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and etreet improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, e"xcept where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, It shal) so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
I by said Board. When the construction
I of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or< nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approv ; of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors Its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Boar.d of Public Works, and all Bucfi
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street Intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not Intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or crowing will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall b«
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which
or any mrt thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Kach of said notires shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, its date, and, briefly, the
work or Improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the proi rty fronting
on said proposed work or Improvement,
and. in case of a district, hose owningmore than one-half of the superficial
area of the district, may make written
objections to the same within ten days
after the expiration of the time of the
publication of said resolution of inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be a bar for six months
f\j any further proceedings in relation
1 to the dning of said work or making
said improvement, unless the owners of
the one-half or more of the frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the. resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at.
least two-thirds of the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district,
those owning at U-ast two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
same within «aid six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
When the work or improvement pro
posed to b« done is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at Its next meet
ing, fix a time for hearing said objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
Posi Office at the City and County,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
urtred. and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive;
and If said objections are overruled the
proceedings shall be continued aa
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
►of intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
ceedings in relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
shall state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec. 5. When the contemplated work
or Improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication or the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
said objections before it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
I If the objections are sustained, th*
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro-
Si and so on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob-
J« tions shall be overruled by the Board
— its decision in that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In lta
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia- !
gram on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land,
the area in square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to the
work or improvement proposed to bo
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
t by the Secretary of the Board.
. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he haa
not entered Into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price nam,ed in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per-
H"ns liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persons so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
where there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified in said contract
(including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any Incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as
1. the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
th work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor*
respond with the numbers in the as
sent, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
In part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
up"n the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for its
lepal proportion of said expense, and
the same shall constitute a lien upon
the mad-bed, rolling stock, franchises
other property of such person,
my or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record
ing th« warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Bee. 8. The expense of all work or
Improvement done upon any part of
streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for as
follows:
First.— The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross
ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
b. Of all work done In front of. or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. Of all work done in front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
Second.— The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third. — The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept in order by any person,
company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No, assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the
same property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and Improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work-
Subdivision Two— The expense of all
improvement except such as Is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on said
main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the noyt
crossing or intersection, or to the end
of such alley or subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six — The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another Btreet,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, ir it does
not meet another, and the other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, Is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
bo ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting* nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon J
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed Its resolution of Intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer setting 'forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
filling made by him or them In said
grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate in the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexed book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling in grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors in
interest, shall be entitled to credit on the j
assessment upon his or their lots and \
lands fronting on said street for grad- j
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named in the contract for
said cutting and filling; or, if the grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as chang d. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any '
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots j
and land owned by him or them, and |
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude in the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting j
and filling set forth In any and all cer- I
tificates so recorded in his office, or for I
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
grading thereto, and shall enter corre- j
CHARTER FOR TIIE CITY AXD COUNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
spondlng credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading .which are made
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
interest. When any owner or owners
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, in front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same
class in front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided In subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works at the time said order is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may include in the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven — When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (hia or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall b-* a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period of
two years from the date of said record
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record
ing of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons interested In said
as;s( ssnient shall be deemed to have no
tice of the contents of the record
thereof.
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
b* delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of tho Incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
conti actor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several ussess
ment3 made to cover the sum due for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
judgment of any court in this State
having jurisdiction to render such judg
ment, that any suit brought to foraclose
tho lien of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or ille
ga'ity, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any euch assessment, or In the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
in fceven months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to the Board for
apolner assessment to be issued In con
formity to law; and the Board shall,
within sixty days after the tinse of
said application, make an.l deliver to
said applicant a new assessmant, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land set out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said lien as provided In this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall' cajl upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the persons so assessed, or
their agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty
days after its date with a return indors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid in whole or in
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff in
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the productic-n to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
i were issued. If any contractor shall
fail to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided in this
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested in any work
provided for in this Chapter, or in the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Works in relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections in writ
ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
Just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors in relation
thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, Informalities
and irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided In this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect in the proceedings prior to the
assessment, or In the assessment it
self, where the Board of Public Work 3
has acquired jurisdiction to make the
same.
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five clays from the day of the
date of the warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then.
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified, as here
in provided, btit not less than within
thirty-five days from the date of the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the Hen of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under th«»
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age uf'on said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the r>rior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and dia gram are based, and like evidence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in.
the action. The Court In which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
Hen of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of tho
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County,
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
po as to Interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public W T orks shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, In front of the property of which
he is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
In said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the. owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications f° r tne doiner of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by It in its office for three days.
Inviting bids for the doing of paid work.
Said bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow
ing; whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall be preserved In
the office of the Board, and shall b<»
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the inspection of all
persons; .and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall hnve been signed,
and completed without delay to the sat
isfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
c-f the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be not paid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec. 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's omce of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain possc-sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid ai.d advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by pa 'ment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
| hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b foro any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street.with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamizod by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within te-n days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial" of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
Include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shallbedeemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used In
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall Include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertisinj the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published uaily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the a-ge of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required In
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunnlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the Dro
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon his
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTEB 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Public
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall ba
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of twcK
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
thereon— •estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said,
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing tha
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said,
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lota
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed In such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in ita
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed;
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting the
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and tha
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Cleric
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation botween the value of said lot in it* «n
tlrety and Its value as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, If any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation. ,
Sec. 8. On the day named In saia
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such \aiue
shall be ascertained as of the time 01
said inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that ma> oe
causwd to the same by reason of *ucn
Intended improvement, and the wa.a
thall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners thereto..
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if an>,
caused by said improvement to the ad-
Jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and land;:.
Bee 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall nave the
right to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any interest in the lands to
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file wltn
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment -md valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and .regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
such record.
Pec. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said
Improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the« name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est therein; and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known <and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of sa.ld improvement.
• Sec. 12. Upon the .completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to- be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court,
praying for a judgment of said C<jurt
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment
Of the wlue thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
gome day, not less than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
tno hearing thereof file in Paid Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not spc-ill^d
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation cf said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
ehall hay» and take Jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup- I
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, <>r change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
Judgment of confirmation shall be a I
lien upon each lot of land described in I
said report for the amount assessed I
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
said improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
Judgment. Said lien shall remain In
force until said assessment is paid or
legally discharged.
. Sec. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with-
In thirty days after the entry of such
judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall bo fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
such appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made In accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After the confirmation of
said report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The ; Secretary shall then , deliver to , the
Tax Collector the assessment , so con
firmed recorded LteggfliSEjettlLßali
; certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
■■ to the Tax Collector directing him to
; collect the said assessment. The Tax
! Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
: ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of said costs five per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided In
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond that necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenota of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold aa aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of th« Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed In j
said Judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for said Improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re- j
celve compensation for any lot of land
BO taken, of a conveyance of said lot ■
of land to the City and County, ap- j
proved by the City Attorney, and a '
certificate from the City Attorney that !
euch person is entitled to the compen- 1
sation for the lands described in said !
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to i
said person the amount awarded for |
said lot by said judgment of condemna- j
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or |
that there are conflicting claimants to |
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by j
order of the Supervisors drawn by tha
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there an* •
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of thesaid ßoard, settingforth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con- i
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
Judgment in euch proceeding, the
I County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
Judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
he provided in said judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
' rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
' conveyance of said lot of land. Im
; mediately after taking possession of
; the land required for said street, the
i Board shall report that fact to the Su
! pervlsors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
! be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
■ purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
j fore entering upon his dutieß, shall
I take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing In the
manner and to the grade set out In
such recommendation; but no grade
Bhall be changed unless the same pro
ceed) ngs are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
hp applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Eaper
visors.
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public i
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula- [
tions concerning the public and private ■
sewers and drains in the City and !
County, and upon recommendation of i
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pa&s an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any. public sewer j
or drain without first obtaining a per- !
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
; mend to the Supervisors the- construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
I ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
, other works necessary for the proper
i and effectual drainage of the City and
| County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
I. Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
j the recommendation of the Board of
! Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
i authorize the purchase of any personal
! property or the acquisition by purchase
lor condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con-
CHARTER FOB THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
j thorized by ordinance of the Supervia
! ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
i may be necessary to carry out the gen-
I eral system of sewerage for the City
i and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is In any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of Buch damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and Wnarres.
SECTION 1. All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which It may at any time lawfully ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build-
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VIL
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Hoard of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
i shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
Who shall give their entire time to the j
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The 3oard shall organize by
electing one of its number President.
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
; member of the Board, and who shall
: receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
I the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER 11.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
! shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER in.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries a.nd
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfitness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truarfcy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, and
i to take testimony in such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School department.
7. On or before the first day in April
in each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common ' -hods of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by, the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Snould the Board fail or neglect tr fill
the vacancy so caused within three days
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the d'lties of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com
non Schools.
6. To sue in the name of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by the Schoal
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
ov suits in equity conceding the rnjo>
ment and possession ef such lots, land 3
and property. To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actio-ns,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all money* belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
| the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au-
I ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within sucn limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they Bhall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of Its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section.
Every person In the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a Balary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants Issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
Issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of the Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
of the School Department not required
for school purposes: but no lease shall
be made except after advertisement for
bids for at least fifteen days in the offi
cial newspaper and by an affirmative
vote of at least three members of the
Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any
school, educational purpose or school
library; to carry into effect the terms
of any bequest not in conflict with the
general laws or this Charter; and to sell
such personal property as shall no
longer be required for us? in the
schools. All moneys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Common
School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
fore the first day of May. make a list of
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, stating fn clear and explicit
terms tin? quantity and kind of articles
needed and how and when they shall be
j delivered, and shall invite proposals for
i furnishing the same by advertising
] therefor for at least ten days in the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of propo
sals, the awarding of contracts and the
security for the performance thereof,
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and
contracts made, awarded or entered
into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
in violation of any provision of this
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
i year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
■ port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
: number of pupils tauerht in each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other information as may be required
j by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Pec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
j for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
I School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION l. The Superintendent of |
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a '
member of the Board of Education, !
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children in average daily
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs In the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years. C
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To Inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may de«m necessary for the ad
vancement of education In the City and
County, and for the care and improve^
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school* and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school In the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies aa may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
evident unfltness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
C*ty certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manny provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing j
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
j plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
! year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
i two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
■ and in the manner of levying and col
! lecting other city and county taxes
! shall levy and cause to be collected for
! the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce '■ an
amount of money which shall not cx
i ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
1 or f*eat calamity, such as disaster from
firm riot, earthquake or public enemy,
1 the Board of Education may, with the
• approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
! incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
! cess of the annual limit provided for in
4 this Charter, for the repair and con-
I struction and furnishing of school
| houses in place of those so injured or
| destroyed. The Supervisors : may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School FunS, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate r.ur% ex
penditures, and provide-for the same in
the next tax levy of the -City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI. ' v •
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality In
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
)st thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an- school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars:
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu-
cation for its approval, and if approved j
as provided in section one of this Chap- i
ter. the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance w-lth the .plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall bo
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. "When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet- around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms tn office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading Rooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing real and ~ersonal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, In accordance with
the terms and conditions of such sift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not Inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and In the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President.
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property, monpv, receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vot*»
of all its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noe£, shall
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rcroms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purrhspe books, journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants:
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expresspd by ordinance, to erect
I and equip such building or buildings,
, room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
! Library and Reading Rooms as the
j growth of the City and County may
j from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use. either in whoje or in part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and Cr-unty, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for euoh use.
ARTICLE Yin.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER L
Organisation.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States,
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age,
l must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners.
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
■ preferences or affiliations of any can
j didate. ________
CHAPTER 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two. three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions oX the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board shaJl
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of its proceedings; and
in every case where a power is exer
cised by the Board under this Articla
the ayes and noes thereon shall fee en>
tered "therein.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Pollc*
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
.partment in the manner hereinafter
provided.
2. To prescribe rales and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given
is conducted in a disorderly or im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
the business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit it is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business is to
be carried on. Such permits shall at al.
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5 To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
' other article, matter or thing used in
i the commission of crime.
6 To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7 To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec 2 The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Polica
SECTION 1 The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall have control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department In the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall Im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor In writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law and
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Bheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
Sec! 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see tha^t the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commi»-
sioners. . _ ,
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office In which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo-
I rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
!at all hours of tie day and night: and .
in such case he shall make known to -
such member of the Department where
he can be found.  .
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constant > on the
Police Court and to « ef .« ts a rd
and Drocess. He shall detail at nis
P?ets_re members of the Depar ment to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks.
Prison Keeoers and Property L lerK.
lid Chief" Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars
Sec 6 The Chief of Police may from
time "to time disburse such sums for
nrm tlmrert expenses of the Department,
as in his ju^ent shall be for the best
fnterest of the City and County to be
naid out nf the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
! such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
i suih amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
! sess powers of general police inspection,
' supervision and control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keeper*,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and intelligence office keep
i ers. All persons engaged in said call
ings must first procure permits from the
i Commissioners. In the exercise of such
! power the Chief may by authority in
i writing from time to time empower
members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
| obtained or in search of suspected of
! fenders, or in search of evidence to con
j vict any person charged with crime, to
I examine the books and the premises of
i any such person. Any such member of
j the Police Department, when thereunto
i empowered in writing by the Chief of
! Police, may examine property alleged -
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit- *
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTER V.
Subordinate Officers. '
SECTION L Subordinate ofgcw Otthe Police Department shall consist of
Captains, who shall each receive an j
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen ,
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
Who shall each receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and lour
dollars. _ . .
Sec. 2. 'There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers.
The duties of Captains shall be denned
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police.
Sec. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The dv- !
ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
Sec. 4. There shall be as many Ser
geant's as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
ceed one Serpeant for every ten police
officers. The duties of Sergeants shall
be fined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective tains and Lieutenants.
Sec. 6. There shall be as many Cor
porals as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable. The du
ties of Corporals shall be defined b-- the
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners, the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
Captains, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
to exceed twenty-five. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three,
thousand dollars. Such' Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall he defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of paid Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of..
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION '1. The Police Force of the
City and County «hall not exceed one
Police Officer for each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Sec. 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION 1. All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service . and
meritorious public service being con
sider*
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be Imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for any breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
after a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the acts complained of, and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
ing to appear personally and by coun-
Bel; to have a public trial; and to se
rure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER Yin.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may in any way come into the
possession or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Prop
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
Book, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is innocent erf the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him. it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Fee. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been in the custody of
the Property Clerk for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having
been five times advertised In the official
newspaper; and the proceeds of such
sale shall be paid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund. In no case shall such prop
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne
cessity for the use thereof as evidence
has ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from Insane persons shall not
become part of such Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the
time the same la paid into the treasury:
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police shall, during such period,
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
should by right be payable.
Sec. 4. If any property or money In
the custody of the Property Clerk be re
quired as evidence in any Court, it
Bhall be delivered to any officer who
phall present an order In writing to
that effect from such Court, and the
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk. '
Sec. 5. All valuables and money in
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer in such manner and
subject to SUCh rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
In the Department at the time thia
Charter goes .into effect, and the Park
Police, shall continue therein without
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointment and all promotions made
after this Charter Bhall go Into effect
shall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Belief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in
force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of the Police
Force, a Fund Is hereby created to be
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board
of Police Commissioners and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from service any
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer
tificated practicing physicians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition petting forth
' the farts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, toe Captain of the Company to
; which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
, partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary
attached to the rank which he may
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
. death. In case his disability shall cease
his pension shall cease, and he shall be
restored to the service in the rank he
! occupied at the time of his retirement.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department
who may be killed while in the per
formance of his duty, as follows:
i First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de
cedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
1 attached to the position held by their
\ father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
' widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent of parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his dea-th,
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine Its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a nun-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucfi
deceased member and paid into the Re
: lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
\ sions of this section shall not apply lo
' any member of the Department whe
shall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
'•■ rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
. force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every yeai
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of tht
annual appropriation for the Polict
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
, any member of the Department foi
conduct which is heroic or meritorious
The form or the amount of such rewarc
shall be discretionary with the Board;
but it shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pensior
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays oi
April, July, October and January ol
each year, and upon the call of Its
President. It shall issue warrants
, signed by Its President and Secretary
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
; amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
•Fund. Each warrant shall state foi
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
, Commissioners shall keep a public rec
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
; payment from the Relief and Pensior
Fund, etating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
■ copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
! as The Police Relief and Pension FunJ
\ Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
\ shall be presented to the Auditor, and
i be audited and ordered paid by him
! out of said Fund.
Bee 10. The Board of Police Pension
! Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Policfl
! Commissioners to make rules and
| regulations for its guidance. It may
| appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
i its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month. Includ
ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po.
I lice Relief and Pension Fund Commls-
Bioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu.
ally, when the tax levy Is made, direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
i ten per centum of all moneys collected
; and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
> malt or other intoxicating liquors are
i Bold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from finea
I imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor mnni
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from . junk
stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
earning concealed weapons.
CHABTER FOB THE CITY AND COUNTY OF BAIS FBANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all flneß
collected In money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shall
be forthwith paid into the Police Relief
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit twe dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with .he Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
ments provided foT in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist In such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors In their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an 'elector
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
; two members of the same political
I party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
1 first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Fire Commis
sioners holding office in the City and
County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one- of their number
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who shall perform such duties as
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
: ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings shall be
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neees
; sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control (rf all the property and equip
: menfs of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
propriations made for the use of the
Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions in tho Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
1 twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years <rf ase, of pood character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
years next preceding the date of their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
i ination he found in sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
! of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
transferred or dismissed except for
i cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The- Commissioners shall pee
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
tainine to the Department are carried
into effect. The Board shall make puch
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
In the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
Impose reasonable fines upon the nf-
I fleers, members and employees of the
i Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the
Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
imposed,, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
; and Pension Fund.
Sec. f>. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
; Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
i stpres of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the- Secretary of the Com
missioners; but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extingiiish
; ing such conflagration may be with
< drawn from said Corporation Yards by
order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer in charge of the force of the
: Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
' the Fire Department shall be engaged
I In any other employment.
CHAPTER 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while In the actual
performance of bis duty therein so as
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award-
Ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw. rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void,
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, ar«
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in
competency, or for any violation of th«
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report In
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and
report in writing thereon at least one*
a month to the Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or inability of
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, In his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be tilled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors «»f said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and In no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and In case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the Investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there Is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may 6ell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury, lie shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer, As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to Inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings* and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and Its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged. Infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death.
Sec. 4. Any member of the Fire De
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily in
jury received In the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the amount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p> .ision equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces-
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall Issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for "that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all ita
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month, including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing; but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIIL
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers. Tillermen. Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year erf
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars: Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a Joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 6. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may. for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajid requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoints
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 8. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal Institutions of the City
and County, including jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th«
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided In Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and
County; for the protection of the publio
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees. as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Poard shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint n.
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competitve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to. and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to in
mates of any institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
mpnt and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the 80-ard must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must.
Immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, ns the case may he, at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, if there be
such third party, and if not, then at
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all times of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pro
ceding the appointment in question as
prescribed in this section.
Sec. 2. No member of the Ttoard. nor
Registrar, nor Denutv Registrar shall,
during his term of office, he a member
of any convention the purpose of which
is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be eligible to any other municipal
office during the term for whioh he
shall hnve been appointed, or for one
year thereafter; nor act as officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take part in any election except to
vote and when noting as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only suoh official duties as may
h«» required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganlze within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In cnse of failure
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution ot
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of thid
Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER IL .JMIIS
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held In
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known aa the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Public
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of tha City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January ia
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as,
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
; ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
S City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION L Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as tho
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion'
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by ;
[ original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the sale
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, aa
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
I to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required numb?r of signa
tures are appended to the original. The-
Mayor shall also have the right to for
muiate and submit to the electors a
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but in
case the votes cast in favor of bothpropositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes caat thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected.
Nothing in this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of Che electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at <>nrv, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, i«> pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same aa
provided in section six >>t this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided.
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions <>f this Article, can be paia
nut of the annual revenues of the City
and County, In addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
!>.- lawful to acquire the same by a ma
mmy vote <» the electors voting there
on at any special election. Jn submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
Bpedfy In Buch proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether tha same shall be acquired
upon Buch terms.
In case however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall bo far ox.- 1 the annual revenues
, • th( i Ity and County, In addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of as i" render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, In BUb
mitting propositions to the eicctora tor
the acquisition th< reof, shall specify
therein the amouni of the proposed
bonded Indebti dness. the rate -it" Inter
est thereon, and whether Bucta bonded
li debtednesa shall be Incurred. At
■ two-thirds of th- electors voting
there n at Buch election shall be neces
sary t" Becure such inquisition and to
warrant the Issuance of municipal
oomis then Tor. as hereinafter set forth.
Bee 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
-.•i forth, to acquire any public utility,
Buch action on the part of the electors
Bhall be equivalent to the passing <>f
the ordinance by the Supervisors de- ,
daring Buch determination as Bet forth
In section six of this Article, and the)
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay i" pass an ordinance calling a
M ", ,iai election as required by section
Be\ -'li "1" this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public Interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to 1 •< - ]>;i i<l out <>f the ordinary an
nual Income andrevenueof thedtyand
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de- >
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks In the official
rv wspaper.
Sec. 7. At tho TleXt regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of '<
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor mere than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance ,
shall call a special election, at which,
Bhall be submitted to the electors the I
proposition Of acquiring such, public
utility, and of Incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question <ftlvt
than the acquisition of such utility and
the Incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such ,
election.
Sec. «. Tl>e ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted-]
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es- -
timated cost of the proposed public!
utility, the necessity for the acquisition '
of the same, and that bonds of the City i
and County shall issue for the payment j
of the cost of the same as in such or- :
dinance sot forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
;■ day on which such special election
shall bo held, the manner of holding ■
such election, and the manner of voting
for or against Incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shrill be held an
provided by law for holding elections
in the City and County.
Sec 9. Such ordinance shall be pub- '
lished daily for at least ten days ill the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall ■
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose !
for which the Indebtedness Is to be In
curred, the numbi r and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate Of in
terest to bo paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment I
thereof.
Sea l n No indebtedness shall bo In- |
rurred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticlo, which, together with the existing
bonded Indebtedness of the City and ;
County, shall cxc 1 at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
iff all real and personal property in the i
rity an.'. County.
Bee. 11. The bonds Issued under the 1
provisions of this Article shall be of the !
character of bonds known as serials,
nnd Bhall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the issu<» '
of the bonds in what lawful money of
the Tinted States said bonds shall be
payable. Not loss than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a place to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid at such date, j
The bonds so issued shall bo exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
posi B, and shall be Issued in denomina
tions of net loss than ton dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference in the sale and allotment '
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de- !
nominations.
Said bonds must bo payable on th<
day and at the place axed therein, and
with Interest at the rate specified there- :
In, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable i
annually, semi-annually or quarterly !
as the Supervisors may determine!
Such bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine, but tho samemust I
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
T'nit- d States as aforesaid to tho high
est bidder at not less than par. aftor
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
Healed proposals, and the Supervisors
Bhall have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof
Tho proceeds of such sales shall be
placed In the treasury to The credit of I
the proper fund and shall be applied I
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in tho ordinance authorizing
thoir issue until such objects nro fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
trnnsferred to the General Fund.
Bee 12. Such bonds shall be signed
by tho Mayor and the Treasurer, and
shall bo countersigned hy the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and Birned by the Treasurer, j
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer j
Sec. IS. At the time of levying the'
munlctoal tax and in the manner pro- j
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such indebtedness so in
curred. Such tnxes shall lv in addition
to all other 'ayes levied for municipal
purposes, and Bhall be collected at the
BHOie time and in tho same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
See U. a nesjled or refusal on the
jmrt of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
stitute cause- for the removal from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of Buch neglect or refusal.
ABTICLE XIIL
CIVIL SEBVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon th©
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known by
him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter
the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner for three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall at
i any time belong to the same political
! party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
i classify all the places of employment in
I or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
i once to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
: and County, and no appointment to any
: such place shall be made except ac
cordlng to the rules hereinafter men
tioned.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
of this Article, and for examinations.
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
• lommissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
the classified civil service shall be sub-
I jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical in their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
positions to which they seek to be ap
■ pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill.
Bee 5. The selection of laborers
shall he governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
Commissioners shall control all ex
■ aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and, if j
in the official service. It shall be a part
lof their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex- !
aminations as the Commissioners may
direct, and to make return and report j
thereof to the Commissioners. The \
< 'oinmissioners may substitute any
other person, whether in or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination !
shall be piven by the Commissioners '-
by publication for two weeks preceding j
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuoua place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com
misslonera shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and
County of the persons whose general]
average standing upon examination for |
such grade or class is not less than the :
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank ;
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, aa i
determined by examination, without j
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. s. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser- I
vice on the basis of ascertained merit ]
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as:
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli- i
cants having the highest rating for
eat h promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be i
the same, as near as may be, as pro- |
vided for applicants for original ap- I
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office, in which a position classified |
under this Article is to be filled, shall j
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certl- j
fy to the appointing oflicer the name j
and addresß of one or more candidates. I
not exceeding three, standing highest j
upon the register for the class or grade j
to which the position belongs; but la- j
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded, !
except when some statute, the rules of |
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall j
fill such place by the appointment of j
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not lix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the neriod of probation, j
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the an- j
proval of the Commissioners, maki
temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days, and only :
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made. I
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and |
departments of the City and County: ;
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax j
Collector, the Sheriff, tho Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works, I
the Police Department, the Fire De- j
partment, the Board of Election Com
missioners, the Board of Health and alt j
boards or departments controlling- j
public utilities; but the following dep- j
uties. clerks and employees in said-of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
|ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
| Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
i uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and, the Chier
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the fto*
corder. the' Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect, of the Board of Public Work*,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
thfl Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees in any of the offices or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section shall mak»
such appointments in conformity wlta
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the Cit>
and County, who shall have been ap>
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap>
pointing officer or board, and shall b~
forthwith enforced by such officer
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment Is created <rr
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall Imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall In
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places in the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
ln each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
Of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held In the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to it, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, hooks, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or In co-operation with other
personß, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined horeunder, or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examin-d; or furnish to any
person any special or secret infor
mation for the purpose of either
improving or injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of bo-ing ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
civil service, aid all vacancies occurring
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
tion Vtr death, and all findings made or
approved by tho Commission tinder the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
power to institute and prosecute legal
proceedings for violation o-f any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to
Order Number One Hundred, by the
word "Park," extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known
as Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
Baker street westward until it crosses
Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
as "Great Highway"; also "fountain
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
ceded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares in the City
and County, and all the grounds
surrounding public buildings in the
City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners; who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five in number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Board
The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from all of them, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transact'on of
business. No contract shall be PQtered
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every "ontract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by th:» Com
missioners.
Pec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park?,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the Stato
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances phall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
,days, Sundays excepted, in. the- official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
puni3hed therefor, on conviction, 'n any
court of competent Jurisdiction. Noneof
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four member* of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which It
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage >
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accopt from donora
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided Jn section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to such person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in overy
such lease the Board shah reserve the
right to enter at all times into nnd upon
the premises so leased, and shall m.-ik*
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for pane-pleasure
purposes only. No such builiin? shall
bo constructed by the Board except it j
do within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, are lues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose oi conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be noeessary to conserve rho Integrity
of said parks and squares, ami for a pe
riod not groalei than six months, and
so as not to interfere w'.lh the use or
any of the same by the public for park- i
pleasure purposes; but no such permis- !
sion .shall ever be granted except such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat»
. r Municipal mportance. None of the
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall 'cc used for tlr> purposes cj«
any such Fair or Exposition.
Stc. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
the request of the Commis-iicnerr, de
tall si'ch members of the Police Force
of the City and County for service in
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds as may be necessary for theen
forcement of the law and for the proper
•observance of the ordinances of the!
Commissioners; and the Cr mmissionera
may provide a place of detention with
in either of siid public pla es in which
the persons arrested for violating any
<>f ine ordin;.7ices of the Boanl may be
detained temporarily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to th« credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
Improvement of such parks, squares
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or I
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the I
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the j
collection made by the State Mining i
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of tho proposed location of such work
of art. shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be- ]
longing to the City and County. The j
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun-'
tains, anhes or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
\\ hen so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not te less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give an( j execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law. ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter*. It shall bo fixed by an ordi-,,
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, aa hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. The bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-live thousand dollars;
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion a% such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but :
when the amount of the bond is more !
than five thousand dollars, the sureties i
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
thnn two sureties, such sureties may
Justify In an amount which in the ag
grrepate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon I
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of ineumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un- i
dertaking- over and above all sums for
which he Is already liable or in any ■
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may.
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or -any surety
thereto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficlal bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may bo, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding: a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this Plato, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to. or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County: and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun-
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being:, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to. any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from.
being elected, appointed or employed In
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity Jn money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred' and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County,
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de-»
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be &
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall b«
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Police
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any. capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause: and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any rerson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under*
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it Is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
i and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending: before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
j board or committee shall decide to be
< proper or pertinent, he shall be
! deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
in this Charter must be made in the
official newspaner only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un-
JLless said grantees or their assigns shall,
within six months after this Charter
takes effect, in good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
privilege or franchise.
Sec 27 All ordinances or resolutions
for the improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered Into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed.
Sec ''8 All ordinances, orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue In
ffcrce until amended or repealed.
Sec 29 When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public interest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which In aa
dition to the other expenses of thf>
City and County will exceed l the income)
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year, they must t
ordinance passed Ly th? affirmative YOU
of not less than fourteen members or
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City ana
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded in
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he Is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Firs
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates fop
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part In the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer;
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
If by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service. .
Sec. 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has beerf elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after tha
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec 37. The balance remaining In the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by thia
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect tha
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in~ the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
.remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the.
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
L created, bjr this Charter. Outpfthej.-• eaid General Fund shall be paid, as In
,•"■.•. this section hereinafter provided, . all
.•; the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and County, except
'; Fuch expenses as are by this Charter
■ to be paid out of the Funds specifically
■' provided for the payment of such ex- j
.*'• penses. For the six months ending on j
.. ■ the thirtieth day of June, in the year ;
:• nineteen hundred, each and every of |
r'-aid departments shall expend the
F moneys sot apnrt to each of them by
' the Board of Supervisors of the existing (
municipality. So much of said moneys
- Bet apart by said Board or Supervisors
'/to th( Superintendent of Public Streets
'.•'Highways and Squares for the fiscal
; year ending on said thirtieth day of
•• June In the year nineteen hundred, as
ha.i]' remain unexpended at the time
" this Charter takes effect, shall be ex- .
pended during said six months by the
Board of Public "Works in the opera
tions of the department committed to
Its chartre All the expenses of the City
iri'l County which are not to be paid out =
of specific 1 funds shall be paid during {
paid six months out of the General ,
Fund: Should the moneys set apart j
by the Board of Supervisors of the ex- !
lst'.r.s municipality to any department,
of the City and County become or be '
exhausted at any time during said six
months, or should any department ore
jneri by this Charter have no money
specifically provided for it during said
?!x months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding ;
anything contained In sections six and i
Feven of Chapter I of Article 111 of this |
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to \
fireman under Article IX of this Char
ter during - Id six months shall be paid
cut of the General Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
J? the existing municipality of the City
and County of San Francisco, and the
eeveral funds ■which are to be trans- \
ferred as in this section provided are j
funds of said existing municipality. All
the funds of said existing municipality :
r.ot mentioned in this section, and j
which are authorized by law, shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
ce^eity 'or their continuance ceases.
Sec. 3S. "When the necessity for {
, maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex-
Ist, and a balance remains in such j
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare i
by ordinance, and upon such declara- ;
tion such balance shall be forthwith j
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
pb of gc .eial e.rculctlon in the
.md County of San Francisco, and
such publication, viz.: on Thurs
. the twenty-sixth day of May, in
tl - year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors of said City
arid County of San Francisco, at a spe-
D v hich shall be held on that
be sole purpose of voting upon
•n of the same; and if a ma
; -lie qualified electors of said
City a] d County voting at said election
( the same it shall be sub
the Legislature of the State
ia for its approval or rejec
:iture shall approve
. it BhaU take effect and be in
:ept as hereinafter oilierwise
md after the hour of noon
ret Monday i;fter the first day
• ry in the year nineteen hun
1 shall thereupon become the
rter and organic law of the City
' iiinty of San F~ancisco, and shall
• sede the existing Charter of said
and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at sei: election
Bhall be as follows:
FOR THE NETtY CKARTZR, T^S.
FOR THE XEW CHARTER, NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
>f the off.oers directed in this Charter
to be elected by the pr , p ; e , this Char
ter shall take effect on and after Its
approval by the Legislature, and the
ejection of such officer, shall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by th»
Board of Election Commissioners In
and for said City and County in office (
at the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under thin Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
<.'!>;. rter to be made by hi..i, and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
on the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and
County of San Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
th usand kthabitants, on the twenty
seventh day of Decf-mber, in the year
r.ne thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8. of Article XI, of the Constitu
tion of this States did elect the under
pinned a Board of Fifteen Freeholders.
to prepare and propose a Charter for
said City and County; and we. the
members of paid Board, in pursuance
< f aucfa provisions of the Constitution,
find within a period of ninety daya
after suoh election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
eaid City and County of San Fran
cisco.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
y-ar one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRTTTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON
JAMES BUTLER.
H. X. CLEMENT.
A. COMTE, Jr..
ALFRED CRIDGB.
L. R. ELLERT.
ISIDOR OUTTE,
P: H. McCARTir,
JOHN NIGHTINGALE, Jr.,
JOHN C. NOBMANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOiv
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
170 CHANGES ARE EXPECTED.
To-Day the Central Pacific Stockhold
ers Will Probably Re-elect Their
Board of Directors.
A 'meeting of the stockholders of the
Central Pacific will take place to-day for
the purpose of electing a board of direc
tors fur the ensuing year. It is not known
. positively what, if any, changes will be
' made. but, from all that has been said
1 and anticipated, it is almost a surety that
.the meeting Will adjourn with the same
d that controlled the destinies of the
road when it convened.
The present board consists of seven
who art: 1. L. Kequa, I. E.
ojaifK of New -York, C. E. Bretherton of
London, W. H. Mills, C. P. Eela and F.
J- Spenser of San Jose.
Thursday the newly appointed board
• will meet and elect officers. It is thought
i. L. Kequa will be re-elected to the
'presidency, I. K. Gates to the vice-presi
dency, W. H. .Mills t<> the second vlce
presldency, and that \V. M. Thompson,
Bt -secretary, will bo n-appointed
't>> thai position. What changes will oc
.eur in the minor officers cannot be fore
;<-'i;<-'i with any degree of certainty.
• Of course, the exact amount of stock
that will be voted Is not accurately
known, but it will probably run between
1400,000 and 1660
New Alaskan Custom-Houses.
The following subports of customs en
try In Alaska have been designated by
the Secretary of the Treasury: Jutieau.
UnaJaska, Mary Island. Kadiak. Wrangel,
Circle City, Cooks Inlet. St. Michael Is
land, K;irluk. Unga, Dyea and Orca. Of
these Oroa is a new point of entry. Th«
Cooks Inlet Custom-house will be situ
ated at Siildonia. "
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver unchanged. s
Wheat still advancing.
Barley excited and still higher.
Oats went up again.
Rye advanced. Corn unchanged.
liny advanced another dollar.
Bran and Rolled Barley marked uj>.
Middlings unchanged.
Millstuffs tending upward.
Heans and Seeds unchanged.
Asparagus and Green Peas lower.
Dairy Butter firm; Creamery weak.
Eggs rather steadier.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry In.
Oranges firmer.
Receipts of Strawberries Btill light.
Honey in demand and higher.
Improved call for for Dried Fruits.
Buyers in the field for new crop of Apricots.
Almonds higher. Walnuts steadier.
Provisions unchanged.
H 'gs in good supply.
Flour advanced 2." cents.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches
and hundredth^ during the i ast twelve hours.
Isobars,- or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"- usually
first appear un the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 11, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season: ■•: ' • •'
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 31.07 47.66
Red Bluff 0 12.30 23. 5S
Sacramento 0 8.87 17.15
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.66
Fresno 0 4.01 10. 52
San Luis Oblspo 0 ' 6.05 20.71
Los Angeles.. 0' 5.26 16.74
San Diego 0 4.10 11.06
Yuma 0 1.65 5.33
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
84; minimum, 68; mean, 67.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure lies over the north-
I crn half of the Pacific Slope. High northerly
winds have prevailed In the great ntfleya of
California to-day and will probably continue
Tuesday.
The temperature has risen rapidly o«er th<s
Pacific Coast. In the great valley* of Cali
fornia the temperature has risen about 10 de
grees. Along the coast from San Luis Obispo
I to San Francisco there has been a rise of mcr?
J than 20 degrees. A maximum temperature of
I 53.9 degrees occurred at San Francis A tem
perature of S4 degrees was reported on the
24th day of April. 1597. at San Francisco.
No rain has fallen In California.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby. 2S m:;es per hour, from
the south; Eureka, 2S miles, from the north
west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. April 12. 1593:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; northerly
winds in the interior, probably fog and much
coiner along the coast Tuesday afternoon and
night; westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Tuesday; northerly
winds in the interior; colder on the northern
coast; westerly winds on the coast.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah — Fair; warmer Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday
northerly changing to westerly wind; probably
fog and much colder Tuesday aft:r.n:na and
night.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at .". p. — Clear; wind northeast. 12 miles per
hour; temperature 73; maximum, 76.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 11.— There was a period
of about fifteen minutes of animated selling
and quickly declining prices on the Stock Ex
j change to-day, after, the reading of the Pres
ident's message to Congress, and ther; were
some large buying orders executed in th> last
fifteen minutes of trading which brought iTicos
up to the top level of the day. Otherwise th*
market was in the hands of th» room traders,
as it has been for several dava past Prices
opened up a point In many stocks, lost the ad
vance and rose again before the message was
sent to Congress. The drop after the reading
of the message was between 11 and 12 points
from the high point for the principal stocks.
Net gains at the close were over a point for
most leading stocks. The day's results were a
surprise. It can scarcely be gainsaid that they
go far to demonstrate that very few specula
tive contracts - remained to. be covered. The
bears who sold slocks short after the Maine
disaster evidently made up their minds some
,tfme since that the unfavorable effect upon
values ef securities was being discounted In
advance of the President's message. The bears
evidently covered, leaving a small short ac
count to be covered to-day. The offerings
i which brought about the decline to-day were
not large. The buying was largely by foreign
j houses, and it Is said the purchases were taken
; with a view to selling: on the London ex
: change to-morrow. That exchange was closed
i to-day, and no reflection came from there on
I the sentiment abroad in the developments be
tween the United States and Spain. The ab
; sence of any specific recommendation in the
, President's message ■ for ousting the Span
■ lards from Cuba was taken as a bull point
The doubtful element in the situation is the
action which Congress Is likely to take. To
day's market demonstrated that until this
question is decided, there Is no disposition to
: enter into large operations in securities. Ow
! ing to the fact that to-day was a holiday in
London, there was almost nothing doing In
sterling exchange and quotations were merely
nominal, but about steady. The making of call
• loans at 4 per cent indicated that there is no
1 immediate prospect of easy conditions in the
i money market. The sub-Treasury's credit bal
ance of $157,04S reflected -the further with
drawal of the Union Pacific payment which
• has been left on deposit with New York banks
and which Is now being withdrawn as a set
i off to- the Government's expenditures for ex
• pens« account. Of the balance due the Gov
• ernment on the Union' Pacific payment, which
' now amounts to about $12,000. one bank
; alone holds something more than $8,000,000. It
is Interesting to observe that of the total sur
plus reserve of the New York banks, amount
1 in* to about $35,000,000, the surplus of this
same bank makes up. about $5,250,000. In ad
dition to the withdrawal of Government de
posits the movement of . currency to the in
terior continues to-day in full force.
There was no ! marked activity in to-day's
bond market, but prices showed strength as the
day advanced. Total 5a1e5. 51,025, 000. New 4s,
registered, advanced >.j: do coupon. H: the old
i4s -registered and the as,' % in the bid price. :
Total sales of stocks to-day. 257.100 share*.
Including: 3430 Atchison preferred; 26.101 Bur
ington, 8772 L. & N.. MB Manhattan, 10.817
Metropolitan, 3425 Missouri Pacific, 50.245 North
ern Pacific. 7710 Rock Island. 29.360 St. Paul,
37 304 Union Pacific.- C 266 American Tobacco,
67:fc0G Sugar. CLOSING STOCKS
Atchison Hsil 8t P * 0m....... 69*.
no pref v.-"26%v .-"26% Do ret 145 ,
Baltimore & Ohio 17% St P M & M..... 130
Canada Pacific ... .80 So. Pacific ......... 13^4
Canada Southern. "47 So Railway 8
Cent Pacific ..... 12 Do. pref ........ 21%
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
Ches & Ohio li% Texas & Pacific... 10%
Chi & Alton 154 I Union Pacific ... 52
Chi a & Q... 34^!l- P D & G 6%
Chi & E. 11l 52 Wabash ..... . UK
CCC & St L.... i Do pref 15%
Da pref ........ 7e% Wheel & L E.... V.%
Del & Hudson... 100% Do pref 8%
Oel L & W.. 144^; . Express Companies-
Den & R G 10 Adams Ex ....... 100
Do pref 43% American Ex .... 120
Erie (new) 12% United States .... 33
Do Ist pref .... 34 Wells Fargo .....115
Ft Wayne 16$ Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 147 Cot Oil 17%
Hooking Val 5% Do pref 6SV 4
Illinois Cent 100 Amn Spirits 9^
Lake Erie & W.. 13% Do pref - •• 21
Do pref 79 Am Tobacco ..... 102%
Lake Shore ISG& Do pref 115
Louis & Nash 51 Chicago Gas ■ 92%
1 Manhattan L SS% Cons Gas 179%
Met St Ry 141% : 'om Cable C 0.... ISO
' Mich Cent 105 pol F & Iron IS%
! Minn & St L 24% Do pref 90
Do Ist pref .... 80 '3en Electric 32%
! Mo Pacific 27% Illinois Steel «5
I Mobile & 0hi0.... 27 Laclede Gas 40%
Mo X & T 10% Lead 30%
Do pref 32%! Do pref '10*14
Chi Ind & L. 7 Hat Lin Oil ...... 15
Do pref 23 < Or Imp Co 27
N J Central 92 Pacific Mall 24%
N V Central .... 112 Pullman Pal ..... 172
X V Chi & St L. 12% Silver Cert 55%
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand R & T.... 34
Do 2d pref .... 29 Sugar i 2i 2o '*
' Nor West 12%, Do pref 107%
! No Amer Co 6*» T C & Iron 20%
No Pacific 23% c S Leather SJj
Do pref C 2% Do pref 61%
Ontario & W 14\ r S Rubber ..... 16%
Or R & Nay 43% < Do pref 63
Or Short Lino .... 2S West Union Bi%
Pittsburg 16$ Chi & N W. 119 ;
Reading 16% Do pref ........ 172%
Do let pref .... 40 St L & S W «4
Rock Island 56*4 ! Do pref ........ 9.
St L A S F 6% R G W 23
Do Ist pref .... 66% ! Do pref 54
Do 2d pref .... 26 V Chi G W 10%
St Paul 90% J Haw Com Co 20-
Do pref 142 1
>;* ; CLOSING BOND 3.
D 6 new 4s reg.. 122% Do 4s 102
Do coup 122 V; No Pac lsts 112
USd 109% Do 3s 59%
Do coup 111% Do 4s -•*'*
Do 2ds 97 N r YC& S L 4a. 102%
O S 5s reg 112% Nor & W 6s 119
Do os coup 112% Northwstrn cons. 143 *
District 3.u5s ..... 116 Do deb 5s 116
Ala class A 10S% O Nay lEts 115
Do B 1064 O NaY 4s 62%
Do C : 95 OS Line Cs tr.... US
Do Currency ... 95 OS Line 5s — 99%
Ateh-son 4s 87% 1 0 Imp lsts tr.... 106
Do ad] 4s s?'-.. Do 5s tr 51
Can So 2ds 106% Pacific 6s of 95... 103
Chi Term 4s 52% : ReadlnK 4s ....... 80%
C & Ohio 5s 115 R G W lsts 81>4
? H & D 4%s 104% 13 L & I M C 55.. 88
D & R G lets 108 IS L & S F G 65.. 11«
D & R G 43 89 St P Con 140
East Term lsts... 107 St PC & P Ist3.. 116%
Erie Gen 4s 68 Do 6s 115
FW & D lsts tr. 67 So Ry 5s 90%
Gen Elec 3s 101 Stnnd R ."s T 65.. 54
GHii S A 65.... 103 Term new set 35.. 85
Do 2ds 113 T &P L G lsts.. 100
H & T C 6s 112 Do Re Ms 31%
Do con 6s 103 UPD & G lsts.. 54
lowa C lets 97% Wab Ist 5s lWVft
La new cons 45.. 97% Do 2ds 70%
L & N Unl 4s $64 W Shore 4s 107%
M X & T Ids 60 Va Centuries ... 68
Do 4s SB<ri| Do deferred ... 3
N* V Central lsts.. 115 U P pref 64
V J C 6s 113% Do 4s 91%
M Carolina 6s 112%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 20 Ophir 50
Con Cal & Va... 96 1 Plymouth 20
Dead wood 73 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry.. 20 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross So Sierra Nevada ... 135
Homestake 37 00 Standard 175
Iron Sliver 34 Union Con 35
Mexican 80. Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON. * %'
BOSTON, April Atchison. ll»4: Bell Tele
phone, 250; Burlington, S4V4; Mexican Central,
<*.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, April Close money on call
firm. 2%4?4. Last loan, 3 per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper, 5%??6% per cent. Sterling- ex
change steady with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 S3 . 'g4 83% for demand and at
54 B .4 So 1 for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 80
(§4 bb\t. Silver certificates, 65%@56Uc. Bar
silver, £5%c. . Mexican dollars, 45c. Govern
ment bonds, strong. State bonds, dull. Rail
road bonds, strong. Commercial bills, $4 79®
4 79%. -
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 11 — FLOU R-Receipts,
S9.JM barrel*; eipcrts, 21.50S barrels. 'Juiet
and easy. Influenced by the decline in wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 115,623; exports, 176,611
bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red, $1 04,-; f.o.b.
afloat. Options weak most of the session, un
der large world's shipments, bearish crop news
j and a disappointing visible supply reduction.
I Toward the close moderate covering brought
a rally, and final prices were only hi®**c net
lower. No. 2 red May, 51 00%© 1 01^, closed,
?1 81%.
HOl'S— Quiet.
i WOOL— let.
'■ PETROLEUM—
METALS— There was an indifferent market
for metals to-day, and changes in quotations
are unimportant. At the close the Metal Ex
change called: .-
PIG IRON— Warrants dull, with $6 65 bid
and 16 $5 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, with $11 90 bid and
$12 10 asked.
TIN— Quiet, with (14 35 bid and. $14 45
asked.
SPELTER— Quiet, but firm, with $4 25 bid
and $4 35 asked.
LEAD— DuII, with $3 65 hid and $3 70 asked.
; The firm fixing the settling price for miners
and smelters quotes lead at $3 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady at a net loss
of 10 to 2-0 points. Sale?. 10,200 bags, including
May, $3 50^ i 60. Spot Coffee— Quiet; Rio, No. 7.
invoice, 6\c; No. 1 Jobbing, 7Vtc; mild, steady;
■ Cordova. b*4@"lsc.
SUGAR— Haw, steady, fair refining-, 33 s «c; cen
trifugal 96 test, 4'%c. Refined, steady; mold A.
j 5 7-16;:: standard A, 5 l-16c; confectioners' A,
5 5-lSc; cut loaf, 5 5-16 c; crushed, 5 5-16 c; pow
dered. 5 7-l6c; granulated, 5 3-16 c; cubes,
5 7-16 c.
BUTTER— Receipts 9545 packages. Steady.
Western creamery, 17@21c; El Bin's, 21<>; fao
i tory, 12%@16c.
| EGGS— Receipts, 12,697 packages; firm; West
; crn, lOVic; Southern, 9Vi69sic.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 11.— Wheat to-day sold off
%c, largely on flne weather and enormous
world's shipments. Closing prices, however,
showed a decline of but ■'Vi 7 »c, sensational crop
damage reports from California relieving the
pressure late in the day. The President's
message was not a factor, the contents of it
being not generally known until trading for
the day was practically at an end. Com, Oats
and Provisions were all easier and left off at
small declines from Saturday's final prices.
The opening tone In Wheat was distinctly
■weak, July starting In at from 84& cto S4c,
compared with Saturday's close of S4*i@S4}ic.
Several Influences combined to bring about the
decline. Advices from Washington early were
i at a more pacific character, ana as a good
. deal of buying has been done of late on the
' belief that impending hostilities would bring
: about higher prices, this fact was responsible
| for more or less unloading. The weather
! West was very favorable for farming opera
: tions, and early crop reports were bearish. The
I Government crop report was expected to show
a condition of 87, against 81.5 last year, but un
; certainty in regard to this and the fact that
the foreign markets were still ' closed had a
tendency . to restrict trade all day. Small
Northwestern receipts were apparently over
: looked. Minneapolis and Duluth reported 211
cars, against 367 last week and 662 a year ago
Chicago receipts were So cars. The addition to
contract stocks was large. Besides receipts of ;
' 41 cars of this grade from regular sources, 23
cars and 14.000 bushels were - received from
1 mixing houses and a cargo of 70.175 bushels by
lake, a total of about 145.000 bushels. World's
; shipments were enormous, amounting to 10
376,000 bushels. Liquidation, which started at
I the opening, was kept up without Intermission
for some time, the price finally dropping to
S3' 2 c. This was below the ."put" price, and a
'■ flight rally was caused by buying by holders
of these privileges, July reacting to S3%©B3»ic.
- This show of strength lasted but a short time
The visible, which was expected to show a de
crease of about 1.000,000 bushels, proved a se
vere disappointment to the bulls, the decrease
amounting to but 94.000 bushels. The market
■ quickly sold off again on this announcement
and the lowest prices of the day were re
■ corded.' July got down to 83H(&S3yc. The
market then steadied somewhat on covering
by shorts, but did not rally much until after
; the noon hour, when the great strength of the
San : Francisco market and decidedly sensa
tional reports of the Wheat condition In Cali
fornia . put a different complexion on things
and caused the best buying of the day, some
really Important short lines being covered. The
California reports were the worst so far 1 re
'■ ceived, a hot norther prevailing, with an ad
vance of 4 2-10 cat San Francisco. During the
last hour of trading the market showed a good
deal of firmness. The July price finally ad
vanced to 83'bC and closed at that figure.
Corn was very weak early. Fine weather and
the break in Wheat started general selling a
break of Vie resulting. The market soon be
came dull with narrow fluctuations until near
the close, when the rally in Wheat brought
buyers into the market and prices rallied to the
best point of the day. May ranged from 2V?»@
29% c and closed %6>4c lower at 23%@25*ic. ~
■ Oats ' In a general : way sympathized with
Wheat and Corn, and ruled weak and lower on
a moderate amount of trading. The fine
weather also counted. : Demand was very light
until near the end, when It Improved on the
Wheat rally, the market closing fairly steady
at some rally from the bottom. May ranged
from 25%@25%c to 25?4c. and ; closed a shade
lower at 2«Hc. ■•:.■•■
Business In Provisions was light and mostly
of a scalping nature. Lower hog prices, the
grain decline and the more peaceable prospect
at .Washington were responsible for. an' open
ing decline, and the Mill lower prices which
followed. Market improved ; with the late re
coveries in grain and closed steady. May pork.
1 "Vie lower at $9 SO: May lard. 2%c lower at
i $5 17%, and May ' ribs. 2%c lower at $5 17%.
. Estimated receipts Tuesday: Wheat,' lo6 cars;
! Corn, 30) cars; Oats, 300 cars; Hogs. 22,000 head.
J The leading futures ranged as follows: ,: -^
! Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 3— . ■ 4
April .....: .....— — — 104%
May .....: 106 106 1 05% 106
July S^ S4V4 S3V t $3%
September ..........' 77% 77% 76% 77
■ December 77 3*3 * 77% 76%,. 77%
i Corn, No. —
i May 29*4 29% 29% 22%
July .V.. 30% 30?* 30% ' 30%
I September 31* 32 31% 32
i Oats, No. 2— ' . -:. ' '■"
May 25% 25% 25% 25%
July;.... 23 23% 23 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May. SSO 980 9 72% 980
! July ...........:.. ...9 90 "9 90 980 9 82%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 5 12% 5 11% 5 12% 5 17%
I July 5 25 6 25 5 20 6 25
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May... 515 5 17% 615 6 17%
I July '_ 5 22% 625 520 52b
! Cash " quotations were ca follows: Flour,
i steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 9O@9Sc; No. 2 red,
$1 (>4%<i?l 05; No. 2 corn, 29% c; No. 2 Oats. 25%
@26c; No. 2 white, f. o. b., 23Vift29%c; No. 3
' white, f. o. b.. 27T&e29c; No. 2 rye. . 61% c; No.
1 flax-seed, SI 21%; prime timothy seed, 12 75®
; 2 SO; mess pork, per bbl.. $9 MQ9 So; 'ard, per
100 lbs., to 15(55 17%: short ribs sides (loose).
; $5 of.(?i"> 3.V. dry salted shoulders (boxed). $4 75
@457%; short clear sides * boxed), J5 50@5 60;
Whisky, distillers" finished goods, -ler gal.,
IJI 20. • " . '
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
: Flnur. barrels 12.000 13.000
: Wheat, bushels 39.000 666,0(X>
Corn, bushels 169,000 896,000
<">nts. bushels 152,000 688.000
Rye, bushels 6,000 89,000
Barley, bushels 36.000 93,000
I On the Produce Exchange to-da; the butter
: market was steady. Creameries, 15@'0c - dair
ies, U®lSc. Cheese, quiet; S@S'.*c. Eggs steady;
fresh, Sc.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— ■. Bushels. Bushels. '
i Minneapolis 122. .'00 - 26 950 '
Duluth ...... 30.532 ...'....
Milwaukee 11.700 500
Chicago 89,500 665.794
! Toledo  13,074 4,200 ■
St. Louis ■ 1,400 40 000 !
i Detroit ; : 5,614 1 748 !
! Kansas City 68,500 11,000
Totals 282,820 750 192!
Tidewater— • -■ ■ |
, Boston i 13,067 ■ • |
New York 115,625 176,041 i
Philadelphia 9,713 2 184 '
I Baltimore 73,451 ....... i
New Orleans 56 000 ■
, Galveston 11.000 ....... i
Totals 222,858 234,825
EASTERN' LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April CATTLE— The greater '
part of the cattle crossed the scales at (4 40® '
I 6 10; commonest felling slightly below $4; i
i strictly prime shipping beeves, $5 25(g5 50; ,
| stockers and feeders, $4 20@4 65; prime young
I weight steers, $4 75@4 90; canning cows,
. $2 50. @ 3: medium to prime fat cows and heif
ers, J3 25@4 75; bulls, $2 75@3 75; calves, $5 50
! @6 25.
j HOGS— "Were down EQ'lOc by the liberal sup
! ply. Sales were at an extreme range of $3 70
I Cj4 for the poorest to best hogs; bulk, $3 SO®
3 95: pigs sold largely at $3 50@3 85; prime,
light-weight hugs. $3 92*4, or T^c below prime
heavy lots.
; SHEEP— Greater part of offerings for lambs
1 about 10c lower for wooled lots as a rule
Sheep were wanted at $3 90 'a 4 65 for shorn and
$4 70® 4 90 for s,.od wooled lots; lambs sold
at $4 5005 for shorn, prices ruling steady, but
I wooled Hocks declined about 10c. Sales ranged
from Jo to 5 70. Prime wool sheep were scarce,
ehorn lots predominating.
Receipts— Cattle, 13,000; hogs, 37,000; sheep,
Zo,ooo.
OMAHA
OMAHA. April 11.— CATTLE-Receipts,
1600; market steady. Native beef steers, tICC.
Western steers, $3 &O<S4 70; Texas steers, $3 25
©4 30; cows and heifers, $3 £5^4 25; canners.
■ J2 2503; stockers and feeders, $3 75@5; calves
j $456 75; bulls, stags, etc., *Z 50g3 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 2800. Market 5c lower
: Heavy, $3 70*53 80;mI-j<l. $3 70@3 72; light $3 65
. ©3 72: bulk of sales. $3 70<f3 72U. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 8S0O: market steady fair
to choice natives. $3 7f><g4 $0; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60<g4 70; common and stock sheep
i $3© 4; lambs, $4 5003 70. ,
DENVER.
DENVER, April 11-CATTLE— Receipts. 800;
market slow; beef steers, $3 20^4 15: cows, $331
i 3 85; feeders, freight to river, $4 @4 30; stock
! ers, freight paid to river, Win 60; bulls, stags
etc.. J2-g3. . ■ • '
; HOGS— Receipts, none; market quiet; light
1 packers, $3 60@3 75; mixed, »3 KM 70; heavy
. $3 606 3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market unchanged.
. NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Ajri> 11.— Expo*»r» who de
pend principally on the European advices for
fixing values were In a measure at sea to-day,
but took courage rr.ough from the booming
prices in San Francisco to ofTer Sic for Walla
Walla and S2jjS3c for South Vauey.
WASHINGTON.
"OMA, April 11. — Wheat firm and one
cent higher; No. 1 club, Sic; No. 1 blue stem
84c
PORTLAN »'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. April 11— Exchange, J471.427;
balance, $61,947.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 si%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 841,
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market Is all at esa. In fact,
there Is no market, except on call, ■where values
are jumping in a most sensational way. The
dry weather and the hot north wind are play-
Ing- havoc with the little crop we have, and
local prices are so high above the rest of the
world that It Is impossible for shippers to
operate. We give quotations, but they must
be considered purely nominal, as the millers are
now the only buyers. . - y
! Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 57%@
1 60 for No. 1, Jl C 2% for choice and Jl 65 per
ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 December—
2000 ctls, $155; 4000, Jl 55%: 2000, $155%; 8000,
Jl 57; 2000, $156!,; 4000, $1 66Vi; 30.000. Jl 56%;
2900, $1 &%; 34,000, $1 56. May— 2ooo. fl 00%;
2000, $1 59%.
Second Session— December— ctls, Jl 56;
2000. Jl 56%: 12.000, $1.55"»: 8000. Jl 65%; 10,000,
$1 66; 6000, $1 56-4. May— 6ooo, Jl 60.
Regular' Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 66V4: 12.000, Jl 56%; 2000, II 66%; 2000, Jl 56^. -
Afternoon Session— May— lo.ooo ctls. Jl 61%.
December-2000, J156%: 16.000. $1 56%; 10,000,
Jl 57; 26.000, Jl 57%; 26,000. Jl 57%; 6000, Jl 871*;
2000. Jl 68%.
BARLEY— Is no knowing where the
rise will stop if the present dry weather and
hot north wind keep on much longer. Spot
feed advanced a clean 10c 1 yesterday, while on
call the brokers fell over each other In the
excitement. A glance at the quotations will
tell the story of the day.
Feed, Jl 40@l 45; Brewing, nominal.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
6000 ctls. Jl 40; 2000, Jl 41: 4000., Jl 41%; 2000.
Jl 41%; 8000. Jl 43; 14,000, Jl 42%; 2000, 40%;
2000. Jl 40%. . May- 2000. Jl 45. .
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, Jl 40%;
2000. Jl 40%. •■-.■> " ""' • :
Regular Morning December— 2000 ctls
Jl 41%; 38,000, Jl 41%. '
Afternoon Session — December — 6000 ctls, !
tl 41%;- 8000. Jl 41; ' 12,000, Jl 41<4. May— 2ooo,
Jl 44. .■ ■ - . "
OATS— have again gone up In sym
pathy with the other cereals.
Fancy Feed. Jl 40@l 42% per ctl; good to
choice, Jl 25®1 37%; common, Jl 27%<§?1 32%;
Surprise. Jl 35@1 40: gray, Jl 3031 32%; milling
Jl nyyen 37% per cti. . ,-.
CORN— There is no further change to report.
The feeling is firm.
Small round yellow, Jl 2001 25 per ctl; large
yellow, Jl 12%@1 15: white. $1 10@l 15.
RYE— Is still higher at Jl SO'jJl 35 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— JI 75@2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
The sensational advance in the raw product i
on account of the dry weather keeps this mar
ket unsettled, and the upward tendency is be
coming pronounced.
Flour has again advanced 25c.
FLOUR— Family Extras, $5 25@5 35; Bakers 1
Extras. $OJ?S 10 per tbl.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices «n sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100-
Rice Flour. $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats. $4 25-
Hominy, $3 25@3 .r>o;. r >o; Buckwheat Flour, $4.6-4 25'
Cracked Wheat $3 75: Farina, $i 75 ; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 80
(g'C 20; In sacks. $5 «*g6: Pearl Barley, $4 75-
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 60 per 100 lbs.'
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
' Hay -went up all around yesterday. As one
dealer said: "We cannot keep It down." It
Is liable to rise to ■ any price • now. Bran also
went up, and Rolled Barley Is getting out of
reach. A hot ' north . wind is blowing over the
State, and the feed question is becoming seri
ous. "-'■: V-* -•-•-••• • .- ■
BRAN— $2O®2l per ton. : '
li-MIHIiLIA.!^ — fz.<"tZh f.O per ton. . ■-.. :•■■-. .
" FEEDSTUFF?— RoIIed Barley. $30<£31 per
ton : . Oilcake Meal -at the mill. ?2S 50#29 60;
jobbing, $30: Cocoanut Cake, $21 50#22 50; Cot
■ tonseed - MwJ, ******* • per ■ ton ; , Cornmeol, ; $«; i
Cracked. Corn, $24^25. •: :-- ■■.-. ■■■ -'•■■-.
• HAT— {Ex-car in round - lots)— Wheat, $20@
?4;, Wheat and Oat, $19®23r Oat. $IS^2O; Bar
ley. JlSQ'eO; t compressed ■'Wheat. $20@23; i com
pressed Oat, J17®19; Alfalfa, |14@16; stock, $13
614; Clover, J14516.
STRAW— 4O@SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
: No further changes were reported yesterday.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 80S 2 95; Small Whites,
$1 SOig-l 60; Large Whites. *1 50@l 60; Pinks,
$2 100 l 65; Reds. $2 25; Blackeye. $2 So^2 90:
Butters, $1 40151 60; Llmas, $2 35Ji2 40; Pea, $1 50
@1 65; Red Kidneys, $2@2 20 per ctl. .
SEEDS— Brown Muttard. $223 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, ?3®3 15 ;- Flax, 12 35; Canary
Seed. lUeWc per lb: Alfalfa. 3@6c: Raps,
m&Tiic; Hemp. 2?i€f3c; Timothy. EigS^c.
DRIED PEAS— *1 CO©l 85; Green. »l 75
©2 Per ctl. ' ' ■■■'■ ■:-■.'■■?:
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
A decline In Asparagus and Peas were the
only changes worthy of note.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, So'ijSOc; River Reds,
60i160c; River Burbanks, nOft'eOe per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 50@S'H-; Petaluma Burbanks, 60
@70c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, 75c(g$l 10 for
Merced: new Potatoes, 1-SJ2C per lb.
ONlONS— Choice. $2 50£2 75; common.Jl 75£2 25
per ctl; cut Onions, M>cgsl 25 per sack; Aus
tralian. $3 per ctl; Nevadas, 12 S5.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1349 boxes As
paragus. 451 boxes Rhubarb and 662 sacks Peas.
Asparagus. $2 for fancy, $1 50^ 175 per box
for No. 1, 7ScOf] 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 25975 c
per box fcr small to good and }1 for extra
choice; Alameda Green Peas, 2'g2v ; c per
n>; Dried Peppers. 6@7c per lt>; Dried Okra,
12V,c; Cabbage. 65@75c per ctl; Carrots. 25r<^60c
per sack; Garlic, S'g'lOc per JT>; Cucumbers,
40975 c per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, |I@l 50
per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLE 3—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per It> In lots of 25
lbs: sliced desiccated. 16SlSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eeastern came In and sales were
made at ll@l3c for Turkeys, $5 for Ducks, $5 50
ifS for Hens. $S for young Roosters, $4 50 for
old do, and $3 50 for Fryers.
Local stock was nominal, as usual on Mon
day.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 10®12o for Gob
blers and 12513 c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12 B*lso per rb; Geese, per pair, $1 2j@l 75; Gos
lings, $1 75"g2 50; Ducks. $3 50@5 for old and
$7<gS for young; Hens, $4®5; Roosters, young,
$7 GOffS 50; Roosters, old, |4@4 50; Fryers, $6 50
@7; Broilers, $5 s<"g'6 50 for large, $3@4 60 for
small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen for young
and $1 25&1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs seem to be rather steadier again. Dairy
Butter Is still in demand and firm, while
Creamery Is rather slow and easy than other
wise.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18%@19o; »ec
onds, 16*i@17Hc.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 17@18J4; second
grades, 143?16c per lb. • •
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 16@16%c;
ladle-packed, I">!gl6c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc; common
to good, 7'4@S^c; Cream Cheddar. 10@Uc;
Young America, 10@llc; Western. ll@12c; East
( crn, 12%@13Hc per.lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 13@14Uc per dozen;
; store Eggs, 12@13c; Eastern, 12H@13V40.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
It is reported on good authority that the
Apricot crop of Southern California has not
been damaged as severely as at first thought,
and that a fair crop will be harvested there.
In the or.tral and northern parts of the State,
however, the cmp will be a practical failure.
The same authority reports that $40 is being
bid for new Apricots in Alameda County, btu
the grower refuses to sell under $60. These are
fancy figurp*, and it is rather early in the
season to make any prices for this fruit.
Oranges continue firm, with prospects for
better prices.
Receipts of Strawberries continue light.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, 7.". vs r >c per drawer for large and
f. '.' ' t small berries.
Apples, MOGfc per box for common, 75cQ'$l
for good to choice and $1 25@1 40 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25®
2 50; Seedlings. SOC091; Lemons, GOcOf for com
mon and $1 23*1 2 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4: California Limes, In small boxes,
40950 c: Bananas. $1 2352 per bunch; Pineap
j >!<=•=. $3Q4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, N^TS, RAISINS, ETC.
The market for all kinds Is doing better, with
an Improved demand from the East. Honey is
selling briskly at {islng prices, as the crop bids
fair to fall short, owing to the dry saason.
The East is buying. Almonds and Walnuts
are also in demand and firm, ' and Apricots,
Peaches and Prunes are meeting with more in
quiry. The East has at last woke up to the
fact that frost has done a good deal of dam
age, and Is replenishing stocks In consequence.
Buyers are already going out Into the coun
try for Apricots, and it is reported that they
are bidding as high as $40 per ton for the fresh
fruit, but not getting any. After the cannera
and shippers ; get through with Apricots this
year -it Is expected • that mere will be very few
for drying. • >
UHLi£L> FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 3*i@
4Vic for 40-. - 3*4 ©3% cf< 50-60's. 2%e3Vic
for 60-70' 2Va- ! *ic for 70-80' s, l%g2V c for 80
90 - l'iigl%c for 90-100s; Peaches, 3@sc: fancy,
sH@«c; peeled. 10£fl2i4c; Apricots, 6@6&e for
Royals and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples. 6%07c: .sun-dried,
4@sc; Black Figs, in Backs, 282Hc; Plums.
4HCM%c for pitted and lQl^c for unpitted;
bleached Plums, C>7lsUe; Nectarines, 4i{jsc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 24TJ44C .or quarters
and 3^s^c for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— IV :2c for two-crown, Sc for three
crown, 3V4c for four-crown, 4<4e for Seedless
Sultanas, 2*ic for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2%c.
NUTS Chestnuts are" quotable at 8c per
lb; Walnuts, 3£4 c for -hardshell and 4@6e for
softshelll; Almonds. 3tf4c for hardshell, 6@7c
for softshell, SH^c for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4&5 V.C for Eastern and 4^c for California;
Pecans, 6Ui@Sc; Filberts, 8H«10c; Brazil Nuts,
SiiSc per Ib: Cocoanuts, $4 SOS'S per 100.
HONEY— Comb, P^lOc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5V>%
©6c; light amber extracted, 4%@sVic per lb.
JLJiJE&WAJt— 24^26O per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9^c per Ib for
heavy, 9^c for light medium, 10%, c ' for light,
lie for extra light and 12V6c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lO^lgllc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef, J9 per bbl; extra
Mess-Beef, $10; Family Beef, $11612; Salt Pork.
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $1S; mess,
$16- Smoked Beef, 11© 12c per lb. •
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5W per It)
for compound and 7c for pure; palls, 7^ic;
California tierces, 5%c per Ib for compound
and 6'4c for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-Ib tins,
7Hc: o-n> tins. Be. SgM
COTTONLENE— Tierces. 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-ib pails, 60 in a case, Svfcc;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-n> palls. 12 in a
case, SVic; 10-Ib pails, 6 In a case, SV^c; 50
tins,- 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7?6c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7'^c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell I
I about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
] steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
i 9c: stags. 6c: salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 10c; dry
! Hides, 16ig16%c; culls and brands, 13@13%c;
! dry Kip and Veal. 16@16&c; dry Calf, 18@20c;
: culls, let? 17c. Goatskins, 30@37%c each; Kids,
■ 6QlOc; Deerskins, good summer, 25W30c per lb; ;
medium, 20c; .winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
ings, 20@30e each; short wool. 40@70c each;
medium, 70@90c; long wools, 90c@Jl 30 each.
I TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3%c per Ib; No.
I 2, 2#2Vsc; refined, 6c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clip— San Joaquln, defective, 70
I 9c;' Southern Mountain. 9igllc; free Northern,
12013 c; Northern, . defective. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS — crop. 2@6c for poor to fair and
SglOc for good; 1597 crop. lIQUc per It). s ■
BAN .FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Buyers will pay ' the top figure for choice
1 Hogs, but they are not firm. •
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
I slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6%@7c; second quality.,
5%(&6c: third quality, 4@sc per lb. * i
VEAL— Large, 666% c; small, 7@7%c per D .
MUTTON— Wethers, 9c; Ewes, B%@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10c per lb.
I PORK— Hogs, 3%@3%c for large and 4'S 1
4'- 4 c -for medium; stock Hogs, 2%(g'3c; dressed
i Hogs, 5%©6% c . .
PORK— Live Hogs, B%@3T»c for large and 4c j
for medium; stock Hogs. 2%@3c; dressed Hogs.
5%@6%c ■:- -■■•■■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
B.M3S— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal: Wool
Bib?" nominal; San Quentin. $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, S per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $10: Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and
$U 00 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Cannel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate ami Pleasant Valley. $9; Coke. $12 per
ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and' Fine Crushed, 6'ic; Powdered, 6%c; Dry,
Granulated, s*ie; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A. n»ic: Extra C. s*4c; Golden C. 5Hc;
Candy Granulated, 6%c; California A, 5V4c per
lb; half barrels, more than barrel*, and
boxes tec more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, April 11.
Flour qr sks ... 19.575|W001, bales 345
Wheat, ctls 64.396! Eggs, doz 10.950
Barley, ctls 240 1 Raisins, bxs .... 1500
Butter, ctls 255: Hides, no 450
Cheese, ctls 62jLime. bbls 120
Tallow, ctls 220! Leather, rolls ... 40
Potatoes, sks ... 602 ! Wine, gals 27,600
Onions, sks 230:Brtindy. gals 2,400
Bran, sks 250' Paper. reams .... 230
Hops, bales 10 Pelts, bdls 500
OREGON.
Tlour, qr sks ... 10,900|Bran, sks 2.400
Oats ctls 1.460 Middlings sks .. 500
Potatoes, sks ... 6,399 Shorts, sks 4,375
Onions, ska 10S
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls i 800 i
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
Downing, lot on N line of Jackson street, 165:3
\V of Cherry, W 135 more or less, NE to a
point, SE 135:1. S\V 15; $ .
Clotilde X'llman to same, lot on N line of
Jackson street, 165:3 W of Cherry, W to a
point 207:6 E of First avenue, M H deg., E to
S line of land granted to Hugh Crockard. SE
to a point which bears N ** deg. E from be
ginning, S to beginning; $1300.
Joseph and Mathilda liaumgarten to same,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Pacific States S. L. and B. Company to
George H. Mixer, lot on S line of Beaver street,
150 E of Castro, E 25 by S 115, quitclaim deed;
1800.
William and Clara Kappeler Stelling to
same, same; $10.
Estate of Ida, Bertha, Frank and Albert
Kappeler (minors) by Clara Kappeler Stelling,
guardian, to same, undivided H of same; $800.
Charles C. Molse to Garden City Bank and
Trust Company. 1700 d. 313. SE comer of
Dupont and Vallejo streets, 20 on Dupont by
57-6; $10.
James S. and Mary A. Coleman to Annie
Philbon, lot on SE line of Folsom street, 125
SW of Eighth, SW 25 by SE 90; $10.
Felix and Delttna Mareuse to uttllia L. GU
liland (wife of Adam), lot on \V line of Sixth
avenue, 355:8 N of California street. N & by
Elf Pull In to Solomon Getz, lot 8, block 48,
Sunnyside; $10. ..««_.
Maurice Haley to same, lot 9, block C, Gets
Addition to Lakevlew; $10.
James J. Hull to Frederick W. and Edna
Taylor, lot on N corner of Italy and Madrid
streets, NE 150 by NW 160, lot 5. olock 2j, Ex
celsior Homestead Association; $10.
Leah and Charles Offer to Solomon Getz, lot
on S line of Montana street. USJS ot Ply
mouth, w 150 by S 125, block S, Railroad Home
stead: $10.
Henry M. G. Dahler to Isabella Dahler, lot
on SE corner of Seventeenth and Stanyan
streets, S 49:9, E 100, N 38:4, W 100:4. lot 1,
block 4, Subdivision 1, Clarendon Heights; fl*.
F. W. and Emma Kern to H. Fischbeck, lot
on SE corner of Henrietta and Prospect streets.
E 70 by S 102:8, lots 17S to 181. Cobb Tract, $lv.
Frank J. and Anna D. Symmes to M A.
Meier, lot 12. block 350, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; grant.
Eumond and Ellen Kenney to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $50.
M. A. Meier to Julius and Marie Kammeyer,
same; grant.
Alaineda County.
Adam and Sarah Baker to Grace E. Barnard,
lot on SE corner of Twenty-sixth and Myrtle
streets, E 55 by S S9. block 637, Oakland; $10.
Charles L. and Mary Sturm to E. R. Tutt,
lots 11 and 12. block I, Linda Vista Terrace,
map 2, Oakland; $10.
John Mole, Emily K. Latham, Amelia and
W. A. Duncombe (by commissioner) to John
Mole, lot on SW line of Washington street, 62
NW of Bassett, NW 31 by BVf 105, block 772.
Levy & Lane Tract, Brooklyn Township: $1623.
Mary A. Merchant to Concha Hanson (wife
of J. H.). lot on W line of Stanton street, 284:9
S of Railroad avenue. S 36 by W 116:6, being lot
8, Powers Tract, Alameda, subject to a mort
gage for $1300; $10.
Felix Marcuse to William Edwards, lot on N
line of Railroad avenue, 66:8 E of Chapin
street, E 33:4 by N 100. block 2, Chapin Tract,
Alameda, subject to a mortgage for $2000; $10. i
J. A. Remmel to same, same, Alameda, quit
claim deed; $1.
J. C. and Mary C. Ignaojo (by attorney) to
Catharina Martin (wife ot josepn), all interest
in lot 43 of Smith's subdivision, San Leandro,
Eden Township, quitclaim deed; grant.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Charles M.
MacGregor, lot on NW corner of Thirty-second
and Linden streets, W 35:9 by N 100, being lot
27, block 6715, Glasscock Tract, Oakland; $5.
Sarah Corhett to Mary W. Corbett, lot on W
line of Filbert street. 1S3:1OH S of Railroad ave
nue, S 50 by W 125. portion block 485, Oak
land: gift.
Felix and Milvia Chappellet to Ida E. "Wag
ner, lot on SW corner of Jones street and Tele
graph avenue, S 65 by W 100, portion corrected
mav> of Jones Tract. Oakland: $10.
Thomas D. Rlordan to Rorco Laraja, lot on
N line of Forty-seventh street, 140 E of West,
E 5«. N to Temescal Creek, W 50, S to be
ginning, lot 6. block 2117. Alden Tract at Tem
eseal, Oakland Annex; $10.
Oscar L. Gruggel to J. H. T. Watklnson, lot
on NW corner of Pleasant Valley and Linda
avenues, N 50 by W 125. being lots 1" and 11,
Bowie property, Oakland Township: $10.
Edna and J. S. Rlley to Roslna Holewlck.
lot on W line of Linden street. 50 N of Forty
1 third, N 50 by W 90, being lot 2, block 8036,
Alden Tract at Temescal, subject to a mort
gage, Oakland Annex; $10.
: J. C. and Mary E. McMullen to Helen M.
Klnne. lot on W line of Grove street, 70.19 N
; of Ward, N 40.11. W 133.43. S 40, E 130.49, to
; beginning, block 1, Grove-street Line Tract,
■ Berkeley; also lot on N line of Ward street.
! l&i c of Grant, E 80 by N 135. block 1, same:
also lot on N line of Oregon street. 156.55 W
; of Grove, W 40 by N 135, block 3, same: $10.
James G. Overall (by commissioner) to J. C.
M. Mullen, lot 10, block 1, same, Berkeley;
51225.
Roady Kelly to W. H. Mead, lot 77, block C.
Fruitvale Villa Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Lee M. and Anna P. Edgar to Robert G.
Elmer, lot on S line of rilnton avenue. 150 E
of Willow street, E 50, S 178, W 50, N 165.60,
to beginning, block 77, lands adjacent to En
clnal. Alameda; $10.
Robert G. Elmer to Elinor F. A. Elmer,
same. Alameda: gift.
Marianna Luis to Manuel R. Cunha, lot on
SW line of East Seventeenth street, ICO NW of
Thirteenth avenue. NW 50 by SW 150, block
i SS. Clinton, Eai>t Oakland; $4f»\
Mary D. Mathews to Anna Hughes, lot on
N line of Nineteenth street. 32:9 W of Curtis
W 32:6 by N 100. East Oakland; $10.
BUILDERS' CONTRACTS.
Mrs. Elizabeth A. McCord (owner) with
George R. Lang (contractor), architect, Ed
ward R. Swain. All work for 3-stnry basement
frame building (3 flats) on N line of Fell street
156:3 W of Lott, W 25 by N 137:6, WA 653 '•
$64C0.
Equitable Gas Light Company (owners) with
H. Behrens (contractor), engineer of company
engineer. Carpentry, painting, tinning, etc.
(owners furnish all concrete and brick work,
steel beams, and all work in construction there
with), a 1-story brick building at foot of Hyde
street in 50 vara block 259; $2200.
THE COLONEL'S OPINION.
"War," said the old colonel as he stirred
his toddy, "is too terrible to contemplate
It should not be lightly spoken of sir
it is a serious, sad affair. I have two
graves in Virginia, one in Tennessee and
three in Kentucky, and but for war the
men who fill them would be living- yet!"
"Your sons, colonel?" asked the listener
In an awed voice.
The colonel tossed off his toddy, and
stroking his gray beard, said:
"No, r-ir— my substitutes; the brave men
who fought, bled and died for me!"
Then the listener coughed and observed
that whisky was not as good now as it
was before the war.— Atlanta Constitu
tion.
Photographs were first taken In Eng
land in 1802.
THE CALL, CALENDAR.
April, 1898.
We
Th.
Moon's Phases.
10 11
3
4
6
21 ;
15
22
3
9
|/Csi Full Moon,
\\£> . April B.
I (Xt Last Quarter
\ V&- April 13.
i i*s. New Moon,
i W April 2a ;
First Quarter,
17 13
23
; 24 25
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are corilally Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
gTaph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian.
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mars
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time «.r giving the error. If any, la
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlmr papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au- :
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hlirh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
tIM height of tide Is the same at both places.
APRIL-IS9B.
Tuesday, April 12.
Snn rises ...5:83
Sun sets t>:43
Moon rises ..... 0:23 a. m.
i
!H! H Wj
11. Wl : .
I
I
2:45 6.4 10:15 1 -
1:04 &.1 11:24| -
5:?.' 4.8 12:27
W H W
0:58 2.8 6:4 V
8:00 2.1 8:00
2:52 1.5 9:1)1
3:40! O.U 10:UU
-I).
-0.
0.
4.
4.
; 4:
5.
7:44
L W
1:23
2:14
h'vi
.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide»
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and- the successive tides of th«
day in the orcer of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the d»y. the third time column the third tide,
■nd the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
thre* tides, an sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
*h«n a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
•nd then the number given Is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
ieferer.ee is the ir.ean of tl. < lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO AKIUVK.
Chllkat I Seattle April
Empire iCoos Bay.. Apr 12
Mackinaw iTacoma Apr U
Titanla INanairno Apr it
Homer .Humboldt Ad* 13
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria and PugetSound Apr 13
Samoa i Hum no Id t JApr 12
Arcata |Coos Bay I Apr 12
Venus. ..% iChiiiM ana Japan Apr IS
North PorK. • tiuincoiat a;t H
Burma 'Kaaaimo. ADr v
Santa Rosa Pan Dlgito „ Apr l.i
Oregon Portland Apr 15
Coos Bay Newport Apr IT
CmatiHa ! Victoria & Pueet Sna (Apr IT
Crescent. City.. | Crescent City lApr )T
Newport I Panama I Apr 13
Orizaba iHumoolitt |Apr U
We«oi: IHumboldt lApr l a
Pomona !S;m Die?o I Apr lo
City of Rio .China and Japan lApr 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination'!
sails.
itt — .. San Die?o Apr 12. UAMlPler 13
Mexico Apr 12. 1 pm PMSS
;at — Chlna&Japan Apr 12. s» am Pier II
;a0.... Humboidt. ... Apr 13,10 am; Pier 11
>Da.... Humboldt ... Apr 13. 11 as* Pier 11
of Call Portland Apr 13.10 am Pier 24
ta ICoos Bay Apr 13. 4 pm Pier
.tea-'.. Humbolrti....lApr 14. 10 aw, Pier 9
>&...... Humboldt.... Apr H. yam I Pier S
er Hum bold t, ... Apr 15. 9am Pier 11
% Wlla Vie & tzi Snd ' Apr M. 10 am | Pier 9
i Fork Humboldt... Apr 17. :• am Pier 2
i Rosa SanUiesro.... I Apr 17. 11 am I Pier 11
nbia.. 'Portland Apr 18.10 am Pier 24
Panama Apr IS. 12 m PM SS
Bay.. Newport Apr 19. 9 am Pier U
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco April
11. 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of th«
120 th meridian, or exactly S p. m., Greenwich
time. J. t. McMillan,
Assistant in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
>-/; >> Monday, April 11.
Stmr Sequoia, Towing, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg In tow of tug Vigilant.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, 12 hours from Santa
Cruz.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, 63% boors from Ban
Diego and way ports.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from . Bo
dega.
Schr Ocean Spray, Waldwlck, X hoars from
Iversens Landing.
Si-hr S Danielaon, Arff, Z4 hours from Mende
cino.
CLEANED.
Monday, April 11.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goods U.
Perkins A. Co.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen, Victoria, and
Port Townsend: Goodall, Perkins * Co.
Br ship Hutton Hall, Rowlands, Quecnstown;
Eppinger & Co.
T;<irk Edward May, Bakus, Vladivostok;
Haw bark Helen Denny, Smith, Adelaide; J
J Moore A. Co.
Bktn Addenda, Delans, Nicolaefski; Hawley
Bros Hardware Co. • .
Schr Roy Somers, Solland, KJawack; Nortli
Pacific T and T Co.
Schr Altalr, Gilbert, Karluk; J O Jordon.
SAILED.
Monday, April U.
Stmr Coquille I ver, Johnson. Port Brass.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendoclno.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepstn. Victoria and
Port Townseni. .
St-nr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro and way
ports.
Br ship London Hill, Crulckshanks, Royal
Roads.
Bark Edward May, Backus, Vlaolvoetock.
Schr John A. Hellqulst, Eureka.
Schr Altair. Gilbert. Karluk.
Sohr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Fort Bragg.
Schr Lettitia, Wilson.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 11. 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, W; velocity, 6 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, April 11— The Br bark Wanderer
from Tacoma for Dunkirk, which was aground
outside the jetty near Dunkirk, got off at high
water undamaged and arrived at Dunkirk.
LONDON, April 9— Br ship Vincent, hence
Deo 28, for Cape Town, while lying in road
stead Mar 17. was run into and damaged by
Puss bark Hllja, which had dragged her an
chors.
SPOKEN.
March 20— Lat 1 S, lone 20 VT, ahip Staenan
doah, hence Jan 5, for Liverpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 11— Vu.can. fm —
Sailed April 11— Ger ship Barmbek, for
Queenstown; Br ship Pass of Leny. for South
Africa: stmr Albion, for Orca. April 10— Schr
J M Colman, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived April 10— Schr
Sailor Boy. from Hueneme.
ET'REKA — Arrived April 11— Stmr North
Fork, hence April 9.
POINT REYES — Passed April 11— Nor Btmr
Peter Jebsen, from Port Los Angeles, for Na-
nalmo.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived April 11— Schr Sacra
mento, hence March 19; sohr Mary Buhne, hno
March 23; schr Laura Pike, hence March 16.
(-r>os BAT— Sailed April 11— Schr Ruby A
Cousins, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Atiril 10— Stmr Humboldt.
for Pyea.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 11— Stmr Cottage
City, from Pyea; stmr Pasadena, from Dyea.
Palled April 11— Stmr Dirlgo, for Dyea; stra
Brlxham. for Dyea.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 11— Schr
Ivy. hence March 26.
PORT LI" PLOW— Arrived April 11— Br bark
Highlands, from Victoria.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 11— Ger ship Peter
Rlokmers, for Queenstown; stxr.r Geo w Elder,
for Pyea.
COQUILLE— Arrived April 11— Schr Llla and
Mattie. hence March 30.
TACOMA— Arrived April 11— Schr Peerless,
from Santa Barbara.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 11— Stmr Fulton,
for .
Et'REKA— Sailed April 11— Stmr Samoa, for
San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived April 11— Schr Gem,
hence A]>ril 2.
TACOMA— Arrived April 11— Ship C F Sargent
hence March 27.
NEWPORT— SaiIed April 11— Schr Endeavor,
for .
VENTURA- Arrived April 11— Schr Monterty
from Brwens I.ar.il'n;
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 11— Schr Al
calde, hence March 20.
PORT LUPlOW— Arrived April 19— Brk Ore
gon, hence March 25.
CLAL^AM BAY— Sailed April 12— Chll ship
Hindnstan. lor Callao.
SAN* DlEGO— Arrived April 11— Ship James
Nesmith. from Philadelphia.
NEWPORT— SaiIed April 11— Stmr Alcatraa,
for — — J stmr Hueneme. for Port Blakeley: schr
John A Campbell, for Port Blakeley.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 11— Schr Em
ma Utter, hence March SO.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 11—
Haw stmr San Mateo, from Comox.
GRAYS HARBOR Arrived April 11— Schr
Vega, from P> n Blakeley.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared April >-Stmr
Pennsylvania, for San Francisco.
REEPY ISLAND — Anchored about April 10—
Stmr Pennsylvania, from Phtladelphia.
PHILAPELPHIA — Arrived April 9— Ship
Chap E Moody, from New York to load for San
Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived April >-Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAVRE— Arrived April 7— Br ship Philomene
from Oregon. April B— Br ship Grawndale,
from Oregon. April 9— ship Marion Chilkoot,
from Tacoma.
HULL— Arrived April 7— Br ship Galatea, hnc
* LIMERICK— Arrived April 9— Br 6hlp Fair
port, hence Nov 15.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 7— Br ship lolan
the. from Victoria.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April S— Br ship
Duns Law., hence Nov 24.
ROCHEFORT— Arrived April 6— Br ship El
ginshire, from Oregon.
HAMBURG— Railed April B— Ger bark Schlff
bek. for Santa Rosalia.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed April B— Br ship
Drumblair. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April S— Br ship
Foyl*lale. for Havre.
CARPIFF-Arrlved April 7— Br ship Torris
dale, from Portland; Br ship Sutherlandshire.
from Portland.
PUNGENESS— Passed April 7— Ger ship
Adolf from Portland, for Queenstown.
AfAPULCO— Sailed April 10 — Stmr Newport,
for Snn Francisco.
DUNKlßK— Arrived April 10— Br ship Wan
derer, from Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed April 9— ltal ship Mac
dlarmfd. for Hull: Br ship Feleus. for Pun
kirk: Br ship Toxteth. for Antwerp; Br ship
Haddon Hall, for Havre.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 11— Stmr Switz
erland, from Philadelphia.
STETTlN— Arrived April 9— Stmr Aragona,
'ROTTERDAM— Arrived April 10-Stmr Edam
f SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed April ll— Stm Koen
iein Louisa f f r New V.irk.
GIBRALTAR-Arrlved April 11— Stmr Ems,
''ITvKKPOo'I- April 11— Arrived stmr Urn
bria. from New York.
GENOA— Arrived April 11— Stmr Karamina,
fr pHILADELPHIA-Arrived April 11-Stmr
Pennland. from Liverpool-
SWISS-AMRICAN BANK
Of Locarno. Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
624 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves J620.009
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A- Denlcke, A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued.
E. Martinoni, F. C. Siebe, A. Tognazzlnl, H.
Bninner, McD. R. Venable. A. O. Wleland.
F. Kronenberg, Chas. Martin. C. Qetmt, P.
Tognazzin*. S. Grandl. G. Rottanmi.
1920
A QUARREL
ALMOST LED
TO DEATH
Lawrence Hall Tries
to End His
Life.
Differences Between the
Girl He Loved and
Her Mother.
While Desperate a Dose of
Strychnine Was Taken, but
Soon Counteracted.
SAID TO BE ACCIDENTAL.
Th« Would -Bo Suicide Will Re
cover, and His Action May Lead
to a Speedy Marriage.
Because of a quarrel between the *rlrl
he loves and her mother, Lawrence Hail.
a machinist employed at the Union Iron
Works, took a dose of strychnine yes
terday morning with suicidal intent, and
although he is at present out of danger,
it is just possible the attempt may be re
peated. The would-be suicide resides at
Lawrence Hil', the Would -Be Suicide, and Hanna Wolf, the Cirl
He Loves.
307 Ritch street, where he met Miss Han
nah Wolf, and after a short time became
engaged to marry her, but from differ
ences of opinion which have arisen in the
Wolf family from time to time, the mar
riage has met with numerous delays.
At times Mrs. Wolf has agreed to the
match and again withdrawn her permis
sion, and it is* reported in the neighbor
hood that the enpipoment has been brok
en off on one or two occasions. The de
lay seemed to worry Hill, and yesterday
when his intended and her mother started
to go over the old ground concerning the
advisability of the marriage, he became
desperate and tried to end his life. Dr.
■Thomas w::s hurriedly called in, and to
this Hill owes his life.
All parties concerned in the matter deny
that an attempt at suicide had been
made, but Mitrtin Wolf, a brother of the
girl, admitted that Hill had tried to kill
himself because of family troubles and
the delay in the marriage, which had
long been contemplated. It was reported
at the residence that Hill had been suf
fering for some weeks past and that a
medicine chest which was in the room
contained strychnine. Also that the suf
ferer from the poison was near-sighted
from the fact that he had but recently
had an operation performed on one of his
eyes for the purpose of extracting a
splinter of iron, and while thinking that
he was taking medicine he was in the
habit of using he had accidentally taken
up the poisonous draught which so nearly
cost him his life.
• After the effects of the poison had been
counteracted by the physician and it was
seen he was out of danger, Miss Wolf
took it ULion herself to attend Hill, as
sisted by his brother, who had come from
Oakland after hearing of the desperate
attempt, but he also denies that suicide
was intended. He declares he is at a loss
to account for the poison which was tak
en by his brother. A report of the matter
was sent to police headquarters early in
the day and the police are investigating
the circumstances surrounding the mat
ter.
The action of Hill Is wondered at by
the neighbors of the family, but they
freely admit it was the result of family
troubles brought about through a love
affair, and state that if he is crossed in
his intentions the attempt will be repeat
ed with an ending more successful from
a Berious standpoint than the first ven
ture.
The unhappy man Is well liked by all
who know him and his fellow employes '
Fay he is a splendid workman, as well aa
Hnher and industrious. Miss Wolf was
heartbroken over the matter and her mo
ther swmeil to share her feelings. It is
more than probable that the desperate at
tempt to end all in death will resujt in
marriage.
MASONIC PLANS
ARE FORMULATING
Schemes to Make th« Coming
Festival a Worthy
Success.
1 :>■■ ~ -. of the Commandery Work
ing on a Theater — a Memo
rial Hall.
Schemes to add interest to the Masonic
festival are multiplying daily, and as
ea< h new one is launched it finds ad
mirers who carry it along with an en
thusiasm worthy and certain of success.
So numerous have the prospective par
ticipants become, and bo extensive are the
plans being: arranged it is almost certain
the entire pavilion will be required to ac
commodate them all, not only the ground
floor, as was at first Intended.
\V. S. Mackay, chairman of the ticket
commit t.-e, has already placed 15,000 tick
ets, not one of which will be returned.
The lodges axe voting lodge money to buy
a ticket for each member, and then the
Individual member* call for more. All
ov«r Lha State the cry. 1b for more, and
there will be no difficulty in getting rid
of the whole issue of 30,000, or even be
yond that number should more be printed.
The finance and decoration committees
of ladies of the Grand Comraandery met
yesterday to lay plans for the comman
dery booth, ■which is to be one of the
most attractive in the festival. It will be
beautifully decorated and every lady will
contribute something to be sold. The
principal feature of the boota, however,
will be a theater, where performances
will be kept going as long as the festival
doors are open. Already committees are
out looking for talent— musical, dramatic
or athletic, amateur or professional.
Another original plan, proposed by R.
P. Hurlburt. and under his charge, is to
build the walls of the reception-room of
the home of small tiles, each bearing the
name of a M#son. The tiles are 6x2
inches, and fvr $5 a name will be burned
in in gold and will gleam from the wall
in perpetual memory of the man who
tried to help. The names are being beau
tifully painted by Miss Annie Flint,
danghter of B. P. Flint, one of the prom
inent commanders of the commandery.
The souvenir programme is almost
ready to go to press. There will be 5000
struck off and more will be issued should
the sale justify an increase of that
number.
The following letter 1r a sample of the
assistance come of the merchants are
rendering: •
SAN FRANCISCO, April 8. 1898.
Mm John Tonninifsen and Mrs. Benjamin F.
Garratt. Committee Harmony Chapter No. 124.
O X S.— dailies: As «f desire to contribute
our mite to the Masonic festival for the benefit
of the Widows' and Orphans' Home, we will
ask you to nrre.pt from us as our donation to
this "very worthy object, one larpe size Emer
son upright piano, together with stool and
ornamental scarf. We trust this excellent In
strument may realize a handsome sum. fot it
will certainly prove a treasure to the person
fortunate enough to become Its owner. Very
truly yours, SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.
Guardians for the Insane.
District Attorney Barnes has addressed
a letter to the directors of each of the
asylums for the insane, consenting to the
appointment of a guardian for insane pa
tients committed from San Francisco.
This is done in compliance with the re
qu*est of the State Commissioners of
T. unary and is intended to protect the
I'Hiperty rights of such patients.
Behind in His Rent.
D. N. Carithers commenced suit yester
day against Terence McManus to recover
$150 rent and the restitution of the prem
ises at 773 Market street, occupied as a
saloon.
MAY ISSUE A
RIVAL DIRECTORY
A Plan Discussed by Striking
Printers to Employ
Idle Hands.
Employers Say They Are Not Afraid
of Any Action the Men
May Take.
The headquarters of the striking print
ers bore the appearance of the counting
room of the sub-treasury yesterday. It
was the first payday, and all day the
striking men were pouring in and out of
the building in an aJmost continuous
stream. The payment of the benefits has
encouraged the men greatly, and as they
stepped up to the cashier's desk and
caught the twinkle of Secretary Benoist's
eye, each gave the assurance that he
would "stand pat" until the echoing
notes of the last trump were heard if
necessary-
The strikers intend beginning their ag
j gressive work immediately. The talk of
I forming a co-operative office grows
j stronger day by day, and with it come
] rumors of a project to issue a rival city
■ directory-
"The Crocker directory is due on the
first of June," said a member of the
strike committee yesterday, "but since
the strike began very little work has
been done on lt_ We have had this fact
brought to our notice by many subscrib
ers, who fear it will not be out on time,
and we have had abundant assurance that
if we started in to get out a rival one It
would be well patronized. We have a
large force of men on our hands now
whom we are obliged to pay, and it would
be as cheap to pay th«m for doing some
thing as nothing. With this force we
could easily get out a book within a very
short time. I am experienced in this
matter, and know exactly whai I am say
ing. I fully realize the magnitude of the
undertaking, but I am confident that,
with the men at our disposal, the work
could easily be done."
The members of the comnaittee are
smiling and happy, and say they expect
ed some few of the boys having families
dependent on them might get "cold feet"
and go back to work, but they have not
lost a man.
The employers show no signs whatever
of yielding. All the shops are running
and the employers have plenty of work.
"1 believe the union is about to com
mence boycotting tactics," said a mem
ber of the Typothetae, "but let them go
ahead at It If they want to. Yhe day of
the boycott has passed, and we don't
care whether they try it or not. My shop
is running full force and the work is up
to the usual standard. I am turning men
away every day, and I think every other
employer in the city will tell you the
same thing. Two more employers Per
nau Bros, and Wilcox & Co., have joined
our association to-day, and while these
were not union offices it goes to show the
sentiment, and each accession helps us
along.
, A l} h t other trades union meetings last
n ght the strike of the printers wls the
chief topic, and all agreed to stand by
the printers and lfelp if it drained tho
last cent out of their treasuries
Held for Murder.
Theodore Park Haynes was yesterday
held without bail to answer before the
Superior Court to the charge of murder
ing Lieutenant Burke. When the case
was called Haynes' attorneys said they
had no evidence to offer. They had con
siderable difficulty in getting Haynes ad
vised not to go on the stand and rive his
version of the shooting.
The facsimile y^ y/fy^_^^ li on every wrapper
•^nature of \4^JU^Sk * CAOTOBIA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1898.
THE TWO GIANTS
ARE MATCHED
Sharkey and Jeffries to
Fight Before the Na-
tional Club.
Great Heavy Weight Contest
Will Take Place Early
in May.
Fitzsimmons Will Be Challenged by
the Winner for the World's
Championship.
The long felt want of the sporting fra
ternity of this city has finally been com
plied with.
After weeks of wrangling and also of
meetings which amounted simply to dis
cussion, Jim Jeffries, the big heavyweignt
pugilist of Los Angeles, per his agent,
Billy Delaney, has agreel to meet Tom
Sharkey, the pride of the American navy,
in a contest of twenty rounds.
Last evening Delaney, acting for Jef
fries, and Tom Sharkey, acting in his own
behalf, met the directors of the National
Athletic Club and a long discussion was
had over a prospective meeting between
the two giants of the ring.
Sharkey, as previously stated, refused
to meet Jeffries in the Olympic Crub, be
cause certain prominent members testi
fied against him in a case that deeply in
terested the sailor.
Delaney, although favoring the Olym
pic, was not altogether disposed to giv«
the National Club the cold shoulder, and
yesterday he notified the managers of the
National that he would discuss the propo
sition of a match, provided Sharkey was
present at the meeting to be held last
evening.
Sharkey stated at the meeting that he
was approached on Saturday last at the
race track by William Kennedy, the su
perintendent of the Olympic, and asked If
he would fight under the Olympic Club's
auspices.
"1 will give you 65 per cent of the gross
receipts and a bonus if you will fight for
the Olympic," said Kennedy. "Now, give
me your answer. Tom."
"Well," sa Sharkey, In teiling of it,
"my answer to Kennedy was that I
would not fight in his club, owing to the
treatment I had received from some of
its members, and it went at that."
When Sharkey had finished speaking,
Gibbs of the National remarked that he
had had a verbal understanding wim
Howard Taylor of the Olympic Club,
which was to the effect that neither club
was to offer the pugilists more than 60
per cent of the gross receipts. "But now
that the club has mapped out a cutthroat
policy," said Gibbs, "I guess everything
goes, and may the best club win."
"Well, let us get down to business,"
remarked Delaney: "What will the Na
tional give us; that's the question?"
After no end of talk, Delaney, on the
part of Jeffries, accepted 65 per cent of
the gross receipts, and Sharkey acquiesced
in the club's proposition.
The winner will receive 73 per cent and
the loser 25 per cent of the 65 per cent.
The next and most important question
discussed was the selection of a referee.
"Gentlemen, 1 guess I will take the floor
for a few minutes, if I'm in order," re
marked Sharkey. "What I want to say
is this. You know that I have not re
ceived a square deal from California ref
erees in the past, but rather than dis
appoint my friends and the sporting peo
ple of this city, I will agree, this time,
to a local referee, provided that the man
selected is anything near being a good
honest fellow."
Several names were mentioned and re
jected by both Sharkey ajid Delaney, but
no objections were made to Jim Chesley
and Alexander Greggains. Those two
prominent sportsmen will be seen to-day
and if either one will agree to serve, the
articles of agreement will be signed this
evening. In case Greggains and Chesley
refuse to act. other names will be pro
posed at this evening's meeting; but
should the principals or their representa
tives fail to agree upon a "suitable per
son, the articles read that a referee must
be selected not later than ten days after
the fighters affix their signatures to the
document. •>■■
There will be no hitting in the clinches,
and the match is set for the evening of
May 6, either at Woodward's or Mechan
ics' Pavilion.
As a guarantee of good faith the club
and the pugilists will deposit $1000 each
this evening.
The Excelsior Athletic Club will give a
first-class athletic entertainment on Fri
day evening at its club rooms. Eighth and
Folsom streets.
The principal event will be an eight
rounrl contest between Billy Otts and
Hughie Dougherty.
The Manhattan Club will entertain its
members on the 29th lnst. at 1749 Mission
street.
In the Divorce Courts.
Beckie Wisansky commenced suit for
divorce yesterday against Hymaxi Wisan
sky on the ground of desertion.
Judge Bahrs granted John F. Haskins
a divorce from Elizabeth Haskins on the
ground of desertion, and Henrietta M.
Sanchez a divorce from Richard R. San
chez on the ground of cruelty.
Henry B. Martin has been granted a
divorce from Frances V. Martin on the
ground of cruelty.
George C. Fuller has sued Annie S. Ful
ler for divorce on the ground of cruelty.
Joseph McDonald has been sued for
divorce by Annie McDonald on the ground
of cruelty.
PERCY BEAMISH
QUITS HIS STORE
Bad Real Estate Investments
Lead to Losses That Are
Disastrous.
His Honorable Carear of Thirty Years
Will Guarantee Friendly Aid
From Creditors.
Percy Beamish, a well-known merchant
of this city, yesterday transferred his
business interests to David Neustadter,
his principal creditor, to whom he owes
about $15,000.
A meeting of the creditors will be held
this morning at 10 o'clock at the Board
of Trade, where arrangements will doubt
less be made by which Mr. Beamish,
whose standing is exceedingly high, will
be able to start anew.
Speaking of his financial troubles last
evening, Mr. Beamish said: "The busi
ness itself is all right, but my trouble
began in 1892, when r Invested $150,000 in
real estate. My total liabilities are $71,000,
of which $40,000 is protected by mortgages.
It is a simple case of a man who entered
into real estate Investments that have not
panned out."
"I own 412 feet on Van Ness avenue, for
which I paid about $40,000, but there is
no market for the property. I also pur
chased land In San Jose, which is well
located, but it would be almost Impossible
to give it away. # My misfortunes are due
to these investments and very dull times.
I have been In business in this city for
thirty years, during which time. I have
paid Neustadter Brothers nearl" $1,000,000.
I have had large dealings with other well
known firms, and have always paid
promptly. The proceeding is entirely vol
untary, as I nave tired of selling shirts
to pay exorbitant interest on real estate
investments."
BULLETS FLEW
IN ABBOTT'S DIVE
Frank Gorman, an Ex-
Convict, Fired at the
Bartender.
Rapid Exchange Followed, but
All the Bullets Went
Into the Wall.
Both Men Arrested, but They Reluee
to Prosecute Each Other and
May Escape Punishment.
The dive kept by Billy Abbott on Grant
avenue was the scene of another shooting
affray early yesterday morning, and al
though four shots were fired no one was
hurt.
Frank Gorman, an ex-convict, and John
A. Abbott, who is a bartender in his
brother's saloon, quarreled Sunday after
noon about a woman named Gladys Beck
ner, well known In the "tenderloin" dis
trict. They parted vowing vengeance
against each other.
About 2 o'clock yesterday morning Gor
man went to Abbott's saloon and opened
flre upon John Abbott, who was behind
the bar. He fired three shots, but his
aim was bad and the bullets were buried
in the wall. As Gorman turned to run
Abbott fired a shot at him but misßed
him.
Policemen Colen and Ingham heard the
shots and ran to the dive and placed Ab
bott under arrest. He was taken to the
City Prison and a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon booked against him.
Two hours later the officers arrested Gor
man, and a similar charge was booked
against him.
The cases were called in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday morning, but neither
would swear to a complaint against the
other, and both wished the cases dis
missed. The Judge refused to discharge
the defendants and, as instructed by Chief
Lees, Policeman Colen made affidavit as
to the shooting, and the Judge continued
the cases until Thursday. Meantime the
police will endeavor to find a witness to
the shooting and get him or her to swear
to complaints.
Gorman has served a seven years' term
in San Quentin for manslaughter, and
outside of that his record is bad. Ab
bott's brother also bears a bad reputa
tion and has a police record.
The dive where the shooting took, place
ls one of the worst in the city. It !s
frequented by ex-convicts and the lowest
class of women. Shootings have been oi
frequent occurrence there, and the pro
prietor has been himself the target for
bullets more than once. It is about time
the police closed up this notorious dive,
and why it has not been done before fs a
puzzle to other people in the locality.
Kenichi and Dr.Orpen Are Held.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday refused the applications for
writs of habeas corpus in the cases of
Dr. Arthur Herbert Orpen. wanted for
murder by the authorities of New Zea
land, and of Oyama Kenichi, wanted by
the Japanese Government for forgery
They will be held pending the actlor of
the Secretary of State at Washington
The Lumber Injunction.
The proceedings in the case of the Poke
gama Sugar Pine Lumber Company vs.
the Klamath River Lumber and Improve
ment Company will be taken up in the
United States Circuit Court next Mon
day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I SPEAKING||g^|OF CURES! \
» Rupture Cured in Two l^^^^P He Feels Like a Boy of 2
»■ Months. Fifteen. . ;i»
XX Occidental, Calif., j WM. H. SAWYER of Berdell **
XX Feb. 28th, 1898. j Station, Sonoma County, writes ft
» DR. PIERCE & SON-Gentle- '" ... as follows: 8
g men: I wish to inform you that the Truss .ldi < ?^^SS te ft S?.S^!ft- ??i < S; »
which I purchased at your office the 6th |of the greatest Inventions on earth, for It i"f
** cf last December CURED me of Rupture I l as glven me such LIFE AND VIGOR ™
ft in TWO MONTHS. I am C „ sixty years K^en TiSt y^r Slt°s ' 5
ft Ke- felt weak and without energy; but with '**
w There Is no mistake about the fact that your Belt and Suspensory on lam one of ft
% your celebrated Magnetic Elastic Truss tne most active, vigorous and happy men v*
XX will positively CURE RUPTURE, and I you will be able to meet anywhere. Tour °
j^ heartily recommend It to all ruptured per- Belt la certainly a wonderful Invention, Ct j
jj sons. Yours sincerely, C. S. COLLINS. and if others only knew as much about it _. !
ft If ruptured, call or send 2c in stamps for as * do - no man or woman In the State of ft
v-/ our New Book on Rupture. Trusses fitted California would be without it for a single vf
** at office without extra charge. Address day." , *■*
ft MACNPTIC Fi asTir TRiIKS rrk For full particulars of Dr. Pierce' Patent ft
» 620 ""5™ A SJ T H I^ RR p S p?s,fe Electric Belt call or send stamp for our .«
® R2O MA g^ET i TREE £' Opposite new Illustrated "Pamphlet No. 2." Ad- #
Q }f'f! KF . ? a ?; cc H^f e k S , an Francisco, dress PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market «
~ r =l?A% n 43^4 3^ Sulllvan Bio< *' 712 First aye., et., San Francisco, or 35 and 36 Sullivan ~
ft .SEATTLE. .. , • , Building, 712 First aye., Seattle. :;>.;.; ft
ggggggggggggggggggggggggggg (
Directory or
Gjy|Pn[ WWJ TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
Via DYEA andSKAGUAY can arrange to
BBvJr -V \JK??iini^""*' have their provisions sent via St. Michael
fn Jr ' TNfflSßft and the Yukon River, by applying to
fK^BB ALASKA-YUKON
'IL**lfiHP TRANSPORTATION CO.,
///K^^P^^Sh^ 8 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cai.
' l^^fSn V§sB!l BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
/// I v Vw' r^^^Sl owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
///■'■ \t II — --^, '» - a 8 Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500 x
/'/ \C / il l h <m • ***» I? 0 £eet : our new modern steamer, ; Alice
IlivMir Rix. stops there going to Dawson City; our
I Illy \ ..book -free. Alaska Transportation Co.. 224
/' O Montgomery St.. opp. Russ House.
TRANSPORTATION. _ . . _
> KOTZEBDE SOUND GOLD FIELDS,
J/jK ■•'. ALASKA.
,^l BARK MERMAID
Jfr'Vx LEAVES MAY Ist.
't^TTIIL PASSAGE
:Wl !_J^T Space allowed for 1% ' tons' bag-
JJBBSC— gage for each passenger. v
* s ss l agrz<& r Office .26 California st
HENRY L. BORDEN. Gen. Mgr.
CAPT. WICKS.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINIM AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark :J. A. ken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1898. Fare,
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight.' $200.
Passengers will apply, early to i L.YNDE i &
HOUGH CO., 40 California st.. San Francisco,
or to ■: A. H. Herrlman, general manager. -; Ml
Front st., San , Francisco. , : . ' ' ! ;"^-i"'--' ' '•,:
KOTZEBUE SOUND GOLD FIELDS
,'; ■ LESLIE D., : : . ■■;.
.'; Now lying at Harrison street wharf, will Ball
I April SO. 1 1 For particulars ' apply on board or
; : M East st. •C,: J. . JORQENSEN, Owner. . , ;
KELSO SUIT
IS NO MORE
The Wealthy Contractor's
Wife Gives Up Her '
Divorce Case.
■ ■■■.■ . ■■•■ ;
Husband Agrees to Pay a Lib
eral Pin-Money Allow
ance Henceforth.
X .
Ha Avers He Will Suppress Jealous
Outbursts and Bo Good.
in the Future.
Contractor John Kelso and his wife,
Eleanor, have settled their differences and
buried the hatchet in the interests of
peace. The lady yesterday withdrew her
divorce suit and removed from the home
of her mother in Oakland to the residence
of her husband on Howard street.
Mrs. Kelso brought her divorce suit on
the ground of extreme cruelty, alleging
among other things that Kelso was in
sanely jealous and that he struck her be
cause jealous of a music teacher from
whom his wife was taking lessons. « v
In their agreement to live together
again Kelso agrees to pay his wife $100
a month as pin money instead of $4, the
sum he had been allowing. He also agrees
to deport himself mildly and suppress all
demonstrations of Jealousy.
In her complaint the wife had asked for
about $200,000 as her share of the com
munity property, which consisted largely
of shares of stock in the John Kelso
Company. When she assigned her shares
to her attorney, .who appeared at a meet
ing by proxy and demanded to see the
books and have them experted, there was
a great deal of excitement in the house
of the defendant, and there were imme
diate overtures for an armistice. Mean
time, Professor Hill, who was named as
the music teacher over whom there was
trouble, has left the city. His where
abouts is at present unknown, but it is
supposed that ho;l«ft t^ avnM *he> noto
riety, as both his friends and the lady's
knew there was nouung in me suspicions
of the husband. .
During the progress of the suit Kelso
assaulted and battered a process-server,
for which he was arrested. Although he
broke the' officer's ribs, he boasted , that
he had a pull in the Police Court, and
Judge Low lined him but $20.
Yachtsmen Lay Plans.
The Pacific Inter-Yacht Club Associa
tion met in the Merchants' Exchange last
night with .the representatives of the five
clubs composing the association present,
and fixed the dates for the annual cruise
and regatta. July 4 was decided upon as
the time for the holding of the former
event. All the yachts will rendezvous at
Vallejo on the 3d and the cruise will be
held upon the following day. The re
gatta will be held on September 9, and the
committee having that in charge will
meet in the near future for the purpose
of making all the necessary arrange
ments.
City Property Secured.
City Attorney Creswell has addressed a
communication to the Supervisors stat
ing that the city has succeeded in estab
lishing its claim to 109 valuable lots of the
Mission Creek and Channel street lands,
and recommends that all property belong
ing to the city in that section be fenced
and taken possession of.
The "Koh-1-Noor" copying pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain perm*
■GAS ENGINES.
UNION GAS ENGINE CO.
' 339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS. -
P. & B. BUILDING ! PAPER I and rP. A B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
. ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable !In price and ■, easy ;to ■ transport. They
; keep ; heat, •;, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
■ trade. PARAFFINS PAINT CO.. - 11« Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
„ SLEDS ! _BOATS. ETC.
i : ARCTIC : sleds, /.rctic does, Yukon boats/
pilot ' maps 'to ■. the ; Klondike, - Alaska - outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can be
seen at salesroom. G.W. KNEASS. 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361. . '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, KHB
great Mexican Remedy; gives health %aA
ftnnstb to tb« wxual organ* ,;;^-, ,y •-;.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ■ /
VW\ I^3l WHERE GAME IS PLENTIFUL? I
Winchester Repeating Rifle
B^Tv|». Send name and address on a postal card for 148-
H^3B|l v ™ 1 Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
IKV^S Ay 418 Market Street, Francisco, Cal.
rs ' ) "17! .» ''*'•'// jJ^^SB
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet,
Handball. Shuffleboard. Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages. $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
ANGWIN'S.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
7S degrees; climate unsurpassed ; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, rld'ng,
driving;; $10 to $12 per week: two trains <S*ily;
four hours from city. Telephone.
L. ANGWIN, Angwin, Napa County, Cal.
NEW CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRINGS.
LAKE COUNTY.
The greatest health-giving water In America.
Specific for all stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder troubles. New hotel. Terms, $8 to $10
per week. For particulars address W. R. Mc-
GOVERN, Kelseyvllle. Lake County.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
Tamalpais Station, Ross Valley, near San Ra-
fael. Cottages and tents, with oh without
board. Danr-ing pavilion. Salt water bathing.
AIRS. PETER SMITH, Proprietress.
MADE ME A MAN
SGS*. AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
BJ \ -A-ItliXicrvoua Diseases— Failing Mem-
H r *| «ry, Impotence, Sleeplessness, etc.. caused
w ,\\ by Abnso or other Excesses and India-
§AJAX TABLETS quickly CURE
A LL XtrroH* IHxrasta— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotency, Bleep'.essness, etc., caused
by Abuss or other Excesses ana India*
cretiom. They quickly and $urely
\ VW ~T restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
■ >Cvy£A^ fit a man for 6tudy, business or mnr ige.
5» Prevent Insanity and ConsnmptiA if
tukon in time. Their use shows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CUBE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajar Tablets. They
have cured thousands and will cure yon. We a pos-
itive written guarantee to effect a cure Cfl PTC In,
each case or refund the money. Price WV V I per
package; or six pfcges (fall treatment) for $2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
'"•.•AJAX REMPnvco.. H£.V. b - or ?- St -=
For sal* In San Franclaco by Lelpnltx A Co,
■0 Butter. No-P«rcenta«« Pharmacy, 963 Mkt.
>T^DEWry,SrRONG&CO.^^
"PATENTS! i)
patents! :)
33D MARKET ST. S.F. ;
ONE RELIEF.
Don't Spend a Dollar
' ' ' '■■ ' : ' ' ■ • for
Medickie
' until you have tried
You can buy them in the paper 5-cent cartons
Ten Tabules for Five Cents.
• If you don't find that sort of
Ripans Tabules
At the Druggist's
*j /•;"';; ;/;' ; ;■ -- y . .^-^'■■■" : ~-'-" : :';:/■'"".: ' : " : - :---^'-
MDe/<W^k,'^ Send Five Cents to The RIPANS CHEMICAL COMPANY, No. to
/CgSJgg^l Spruce St., New York, and they will be sent to you by mail ; or,
A^aST^J 12 cartons will.be mailed for 48 cents. The chances are tea to
\^BS£&jBr/ one that Ripans Tabules are the very medicine you need.
01/1000 HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Po.
IHAnIIN Only 4% hours from 8. F. and
UIinUUU but 9 milf-s' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bail)
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Ttburo*
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 «
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop>
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place 1b located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone oon-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN BPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatic*.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimmlnjf.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT, Napa, CaL
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
This group of springs has attained a national
reputation for the curative powers of its min-
eral waters. In a wider range of human die-
eases than that of any known Mineral Springe
In this or any other country.
SUffiyviEß HOME FARM,
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
port; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; lon*
distance telephone; campers" return tickets
$2 GO. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTEM.
Glenwood, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure!
aew dining room. 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery; boating and bathing free;
terms, $8 to $14 per week; route S. F. & N. P.
Railway; round trip, $9 50. Address H. WAM-
BOLD, Prop.. Bertha P. 0., Lake County. CaL
LONGU/OOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING FLACTB.
City references. Bend for illustrated pam-
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS & SON.
Napa. Cal.
ELEGANT 10-room unfurnished residence, Su
Rafael, $40. SPECK CO.. 602 Market at.
DR.MCNULTY.
nPHrs WELL-KNOWN AND rkliable ol»
X Specialist cures Prlvate.Nervous.Blood and Ski*
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patient*
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to S
dally ; 6:30 to 8.30 eves. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consult*-
clou free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McKHLTT, HI. 0.,
26. Kearnr SI reel . Han FranvUcu. **•!.
JHIIHII'JHMIH
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper*
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers
In Mouth, Hair-Fallins? Write COOK REM-
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, . CHI-
CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital
(500,000. Worst cases cured In li to 36 day
100-pasre book free. • - '