VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 5.
FLAMES ATTACK
TWO OF NEW YORK'S
BIG SKY-SCRAPERS
FIRST ROGERS,
PEET & CO.'S STORE
IS LAID WASTE
Tt)en tl}e Flames Sweep the H° me
Life aod Postal Telegraph
Buildiogs.
Already the Daroage Is at Least a Million Dol
lars, but No Loss of Life Has Been
Reported.
Spocl&I Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4. — In a blinding rainstorm to-night
the massive block of buildings on Broadway, Nos. 253 to
259. and included between Murray and Warren streets,
was almost destroyed by fire. Within three hours more than a
million dollars worth of property was destroyed. The fire began
in the five-story brick building occupied by the men's furnish
ing firm of Rogers, Peet & Co., on the southwest corner of
Broadway and Warren street. Adjoining the Rogers-Peet
building and south of it was the magnificent white building of
the Home Life Insurance Company, and next to this was the
brownstone building of the Postal Telegraph Company, erected
at a cost of millions only a few years ago.
Within a few minutes after the discovery of the fire the
Rogers-Peet building was a roaring furnace, and an alarm had
been turned in which brought more than a score of engines to
the scene. It was but a short time when the flames had eaten
through the wall of the Home Life and were roaring high above
that Jofty structure. Thousands of people had gathered on the
scene, and the blinding glare of the flames lit up the lower part
of the city. Even in the downpour, the great crowds of people
grew, and the police were called out from many stations and
kept the people back for blocks. Great showers of sparks were
carried in all directions by the gale that blew sixty miles an
hour. It was a picturesque fire.
The Home Life Insurance building was occupied by that
company and by a large number of prominent men in various
lines of business. Every effort was made to save the valuable
papers stored in some of the offices, but many of these were
lost. The offices of the Rapid Transit Commission were on the
ninth floor of this building, and it is believed that all the plans
and schemes of work with which the commission have been
working this many years have been destroyed. In the Postal
building as well there were many serious losses of a private na
ture, and when the flames reached the operating room of this
structure, which they did within three hours of the outbreak,
the one or two solitary operators who remained at their posts
were compelled to flee for their lives, leaving unsent messages
at the keys.
The fire burned even more fiercely in the Home Life build
ing, owing to the great height of this structure, and in an in
credibly short time the upper half of this magnificent building
was in flames.
The water towers in the sheets were able to throw their
heavy streams only into the lower part of the structure, and the
firemen, though they worked with great bravery and untiring
energy in the blinding smoke and heat, could do little in the face
of such a fierce sweep of flames and gale. It was only a question
of time when the Postal building, so far as the upper stories
were concerned, went the way of the others.
The estimate of the losses by Chief Bonner, after midnight,
was a million dollars with a probability of a still further loss
should the fire continue to make anything like rapid progress.
At that hour he believed he had the fire under control within
reasonable limits. At 2 o'clock, however, it was still burning
fiercely in front, and, although not observable by the thousands
of people, was burning still more fiercely and extending lower
down in the rear.
An insurance man roughly estimates the losses at about as
follows:
Rogers, Peet & Co., building, stock and losses to other
tenants, $350,000.
Home Life Insurance Company, building and losses to
other tenants, $500,000.
The Postal Telegraph Company, building and losses to ten
ants, $100,000.
Losses to surrounding buildings, $50,000.
Chief Bonner thought that this estimate, on the basis of a
million dollar loss, was about as near correct as was possible to
make.
The Rogers-Peet building was the property of the Hoffman
estate, and was one of the historic buildings of Broadway. It
was erected thirty-five years ago.
The fire started in the rear of the
asement of the building occupied by
ogers, Peet & Co., clothiers, about
30 o'clock. Two policemen, standing
lithin half a block of Warren street,
card a lqud explosion and a moment
.ter saw a thin line of smoke curling
p from the side of the Rogers, Peet
: Co. building.
At that time the rain was falling In
The San Francisco Call
torrents and the wind blew a pale. An
alarm was sent in, but before the first
engine turned into Broadway Rogers,
Peet & Co.'s basement was a roaring
furnace, with great flames bursting
through the floors above and rushing
fiercely to the roof. Within ten min
utes five alarms had been sent in,
bringing engine after engine to the
scene.
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1898.
TWO OF THE TALL STRUCTURES IN THE PATH OF THE FIRE.
By 10 o'clock, so rapidly and fiercely
did the flames make progress, there
was nothing but the shell of the Rog
ers-Peet building left, with mountains
of flame roaring a hundred feet in the
air and encircling the adjoining struc
ture, the Home Life Insurance build
ing. In that blinding rain the firemen
worked, stretching the black and slip
pery lines of hose through the building,
fighting the flames from every side.
Soon a great wave of fire swept
across Warren street and caught the
United States Life Insurance building
at the west corner of Broadway, num
bered 259 and 261. The woodwork on a
dozen windows was afire in a moment,
and from that time on several streams
were played on this building to save it
from destruction.
When the Warren-street wall of the
Rogers-Peet building fell, at 10:30
o'clock, a dozen firemen were directly
beneath. Several of the men were
struck by bricks, but none was more
than slightly injured. Acting Chief
Perle fell, but wag dragged to safety
by some of his men.
Just before 11 o'clock the Home Life
Insurance Company's building, sixteen
stories high, at 255 and 257 Broadway,
caught fire. The firemen already had
their lines in this building up to the
seventh floor. They were greatly han
dicapped by the many stories. Flames
had eaten their way through the side
wall in many places and the huge white
structure burned fiercely. The ele
vators made trips up and down and in
this way many of the effects of the
offices were saved, but the men run
ning the cages were finally compelled
to flee for their lives.
The three top floors were on fire
almost simultaneously. The smoke
was dense. Flames shot high above
the roof and over the massive
brownstone Postal building. Every
body at work in the structure had
been ordered out of this building
long before. Desperate efforts were
being made to save it. The interior of
the Home Life Insurance Company
building was by this time a furnace.
From the windows of the six or eight
upper stories the flames were pouring
in masses. In the rear nine stories
were afire and the Fire Department, so
far as this portion of the building was
concerned, was absolutely powerless.
At 11:15 the Postal building, of four
teen stories, caught fire. Chief Bonner,
who had charge of the firemen, took the
elevator and went to the roof to give
personal directions. At this time there
were a few operators, who had ignored
the orders of the fire chief, two or three
clerks and a few boys at work in the
building in the stifling smoke, and mes
sages were sent until the flames came
and all were forced to rush for their
lives. The unsent messages were left
at the telegraph keyß.
Chief Bonner had under his direction
all the engines stationed in the fire
houses below Twenty-third street. In
addition five hook and ladder com
panies, Including water towers, were at
the scene. Most of the men worked in
the lower parts of the building to save
adjoining buildings. Only a few gangs
were with the fire chief on the top of
the Postal building.
They fought with all their strength
to keep the flames back. But notwith
standing all their efforts, at 1 o'clock
this (Monday) morning, three floors of
the building had been partially de
stroyed. The fire was then working its
way downward. Chief Bonner thought,
however, that he had it under control.
He did not expect it to <ret much below
this.
The fire started from three exolo
sions. What caused the explosions
no one knows.
The firemen could not find out. They
thought gas had escaped in some man
ner in the basement and so resulted in
the explosion and fire.
The Postal Telegraph Company of
ficials say that all their wires have
been burned out and that they have no
connections from their building.
The Hardware Club's headquarters,
which were on the top floor of the Pos
tal building, were ruined. Their loss
is heavy.
The Home Insurance building was
one of the handsomest on Broadway
and was supposed to be absolutely
fireproof. Its summit was 280 feet
above the sidewalk. Leading archi
tects of the country submitted plans for
its construction.
At 2:30 o'clock Chief Bonner went
home, saying that the fire would burn
itself out in a short time and that it
could not spread and was practically
out.
SCHOONER'S CREW
LOST IN A STORM
Attempt to Leave a Sinking Vessel
and Their Lifeboat Is
Capsized.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— The Nova Sco
tian schooner Walleda arrived to-day
from Gonaives, and reports that during
the height of the hurricane on November
28, in latitude 36.22, longitude 7.3, she
sighted a dismantled schooner of about 700
tons flying signals of distress. It was
nearly dark at the time, and the crew
could be seen on the decks gesticulating
frantically for assistance. The Walleda
bore down on the stranger, and got close
under her lee and hailed her. They
shouted that the vessel was sinking, and
asked to be taken off.
Captain Kemp told them that his boats
were stove in and useless. They said they
would come to the Walleda in their own
boats. During this time the Walleda laid
to, but found that she was rapidly drift
ing to leeward, and went about on quar
ter tack, and after several tacks managed
to cross the bow of the wreck and again
drifted down to the leeward position. The
Walleda hailed again, but got no answer.
In the meantime another three-masted
schooner came to her assistance and as
sumed a position to the windward of the
wreck. Both of them stood by until day
light. When morning broke the wreck
waa seen to be deserted and the boats
gone. It is supposed that the unfortunate
men had attempted to lanuch their boats
during the night, which capsized and all
hands were lost.
m
PICQUART APPLIES
FOR A COURT RULING
Wishes to Know Whether He Is
Amenable to Military or Civil
Jurisdiction.
PARIS, Dec. 4.— Colonel Picquart. now
in custody and awaiting trial on a charge
of having committed to his counsel docu
ments that hau come into his possession
in the military department of the secret
service, has applied to the court of cassa
tion, now engaged with the Dreyfus af
fair, to declare whether he is amenable to
military or civil jurisdiction. His appli
cation is based on various articles in the
Code of Criminal Procedure.
Henri Roehefort, editor of the Intransl
geant, having declared in that paper that
General Horace Porter, United States
Embassador to France, recently said
England financed the Dreyfus syndicate
with a view of dividing and weakening
France. General Porter, on being shown
the paper, said that Rochefort's statement
was a fabrication, pure and simple.
DEATHS OF AMERICAN
TROOPS AT MANILA
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The War
Department has received the following
report from General Otis of deaths in
the troops in Manila:
MANILA, Dec. 4.— Following deaths
since last report:
November 24.— Otis W. Drew, private,
Second Oregon, smallpox.
November 30.— Irwin J. "Wtllet, musician,
First South Dakota, dysentery; James E.
Link, private, Company L, First South
Dakota, dysentery; John J. Mahoney, pri
vate, Company K. First South Dakota,
typhoid; Clyde D. Pitts, private, Company
L, Third Artillery, acute melancholia;
Charles F. O'Donnell, musician, Company
F, First Idaho, dysentery; Frank Temple,
private. Company I, First California,
smallpox.
SHIP ABLAZE FROM
STERN TO FOREMAST
Steamer Dalrearli, From Brazil, Re
ports the Loss of an Un
known Vessel.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— The German
steamer Dalrearli, from Rio de Janiero,
which arrived to-day, when in latitude
37.45, longitude 70.52, came alongside of a
ship ablaze from the stern to the fore
mast, while a large, yellow-funneled Ger
man steamship was standing near the
flaming wreck. Nobody could be seen on
the deck of the burning vessel, nor were
there any boats struggling amid the
waves, so it Is probable that the crew
was rescued by the steamship, which was
waiting to note the end. After steaming
around the wreck twice the Dalrearli
proceeded on her way.
The steamer by the burning ship was
either the Werra or the Fulda of the
North German Lloyd line. Both vessels
sailed in company from this port last
week, bound for Havana,
NORTHWESTERN ROAD
CONTRACTS FOR RAILS
Belief That It Is About to Begin the
Extension From Casper to
Ogden.
OGDEN, Utah, Dec. 4.— The reported
CHARLES SHAUGMNESSY, Who Fell to His Death ii) a
Palace Hotel Elevator Shaft.
contract of the Northwestern for a large
quantity of steel rails for delivery early
next spring has again aroused Interest in
local railroad circles in the proposed ex
pansion of the Northwestern from Cas
per, Wyo., to Ogden. Coupled with this is
the fact that surveying partis are known
to be in the field west of Casper. This
extension has been annually discussed for
ten years past. In 1888 a large bonus was
promised to aid the enterprise. There is
a general Seeling that this year will see
some positive action.
Surveys of at least three different routes
are on record at the office of the Secre
tary of State, and all are feasible. They
are known to be in control of certain
persons in Ogden and those persons are
in close touch with the Northwestern
management. One of these routes leaves
Ogden by the way of Osrden Canyon, and
the other two are by the way of Weber
Canyon, which is also the Union Pacific
route. All the surveys ke«;p well to the
north of the Union Pacific in Wyoming
from Casper west, following to a great ex
tent the old Mormon trail from Casper to
the forks of the Green River in Wyo
ming, the great divergence of the three
routes west be "->ning at that point.
PERU'S POLITICAL .OUTLOOK
IS VERY THREATENING
Owing to the Obstruction Policy at
Lima, Coalition Gains a
Majority.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS&S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA. Peru, Dec. 4.— The political out
look is very threatening. Owing to the
obstruction of the policy pursued coalition
gained a majority of 400 at the municipal
election. M . _ -.
Mr. Horlan, an attache of the United
States legation, will marry a Callao lady
of French descent on December 14.
Seven Burned to Death.
BERLIN, Dec. 4.— Seven persons were
burned to death in a fire which broke out
in the hamlet of Exenthal, near*Sonne
burg, Saxe-Meringen, about twelve milea
northeast of Coburg.
FELL HEADLONG
TO DEATH FAR
DOWN BELOW
Fearful Fall of Charles Shaugh
nessy Down an Elevator
Shaft in the Palace.
Some Mystery Surrounds the Manner of
the Accident — Broken Panes of Glass
Lead to Complications in
the Case.
Charles Shaughnessy, one of the night
elevator men at the Palace Hotel, was
instantly killed last night at 10:40
o'clock by falling down the elevator
shaft from the third floor. Just exactly
how he met his death no one can tell,
for as far as can be learned there were
no eye-witnesses to the sad tragedy.
The first intimation that any one had
of the accident was a sound like that
of falling glass. There were several
people in the lobby at the time and
they rushed to the elevator. On looking
in the shaft they saw what was ap
parently a lot of broken dishes, and
it was first thought that some one of
the waiters had dropped a tray. The
elevator was at the top of the shaft
on the sixth floor. Gradually, as the
eyes of those who peered into the bot
tom of the shaft became accustomed to
the darkness, the form of a man was
seen. Shaughnessy lay upon his back,
with his left leg resting on the iron
brace that supports the framework of
the shaft. The back of his head was
crushed to d; pulp.
Night Clerk McDermott at once noti
fied Manager Warren of the hotel, who
immediately telephoned for the ambu
lance. By this time many guests and
the waiters and bellboys, attracted by
the noise, had gathered. Nearly all
guests In the hotel heard the crash and
came from their rooms alarmed.
Shaughnessy's body was taken from
the shaft and Dr. J. D. Whitney, who
had been summoned, made a hasty ex
amination. He said death had been
instantaneous. His neck was broken.
The bottom of the shaft is of wood and
the floor had been broken by the force
of the impact.
A. Akergren, employed in the hotel as
a private detective, came rushing on
the scene a few moments after the
noise had been heard. According: to his
statement he was the last person who
saw the unfortunate man alive. He
was on the sixth floor and rang: for the
elevator to go to the third floor. He
says that Shaughness" came up to the
sixth floor and took him down to the
third, where he let him off. Akereren
stated that he then left the elevator
and turned Into the hallway. As he
did so he heard the noise of the fall
and rushed back. The door of the ele
vator was open. The heavy plate glass
above the door was broken and lay over
the floor, shattered into a thousand
pieces. Akergren rushed to the first
floor, thinking that the elevator had
fallen.
The most mysterious part of the sad
accident, for which no one seems to be
able to account, is how the glass came
to be broken. The glass was in one
solid piece about seven by five feet. It
had been completely shattered and
broken outward, for nearly all of it
was on the floor, showing that some
thing had struck it. Between the top
of the elevator door and the glass there
is a strong frame which would not per
mit of a body passing between it and
the elevator. The explanation advanced
by some is that Shaughnessy, who had
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
a habit of standing in front of the ele
vator with his back to the door when
waiting for a call, was doing this on
the third floor, and that without his
knowing it the elevator started, and
that when some one rang he stepped
back into the opening. This is not
plausible, for if it were true it does not
account for the broken glass.
This same elevator on another oc
casion became unmanageable and ran
from the first floor to the top of the
hotel. Some are inclined to believe
that Shaughnessy was standing on the
landing of the third floor, that the ele
vator started and he sprang to get in,
and in doing so was caught and drag
ged upward and thrown through the
glass, and that not having had time to
close the door his body when it struck
the floor fell through the door again
and down the shaft. On its face this
is a plausible solution, but it would be
impossible for a human body to be
dragged between the frame of the door
and the elevator, and this would have
had to have been the case before
Shauffhnessy could have fallen through
the glass.
Detective Akergren stated that the
elevator did not stop at the fourth
floor as he came down, and yet Thomas
Morcum, a bellboy on the fourth floor,
who heard the noise and who rushed
to the elevator shaft immediately, de
clares that he found the door on the
fourth floor open about six inches and
that he closed it. The glass plate was
about a sixth of an inch in thickness
and it would have required a heavy
blow to have broken it. Akergren says
when he left the elevator and turned
into the hall he had barely gotten
around the corner before he heard the
noise of the fall, so that the time be
tween leaving the elevator and that
when Shaughnessy. fell to his death
was hardly enough for the elevator to
have got to the fourth floor, and yet
the door on the fourth floor was open.
Just how the poor man met his death
Continued on Second Pa«»2
PROBLEMS OF
THE CURRENCY
ARE SET FORTH
Report of Comptroller
Dawes.
GREATER ELASTICITY NEEDED
PEESENT BANKNOTE SYSTEM
SHOULD BE ABANDONED.
Trade Situations in the New Colonial
Possessions of the United
States Require Special
Laws.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The annual
report of Charles G. Dawes, Comp
troller of the Currency, for the year
ended October 31, 1898, has been sent
>ngress. With respect to the con
dition of national banks during the
year, as shown by the five reports re-
Quired from the banks, the Comptroller
says:
Xotwistandirtg that the number of banks
in operation on September 20, 1898, is less
than at any date of report since Decem
ber 19, ISM, the amount of individual de
ts, loans and discounts and total re
<>s is greater than at any time dur
ing the existence of the national baulking
m. Cj)n September 20, for the first
time, the aggregate resources reached and
exceeded the four-billion-Uollar mark, the
intrease since October 5, 18W. belag £88,
377,33716. A comparison of the last re
turns with those of October 5. I^'T, indi
cates an increase during the year 01 $H>4.
"4 in loan and discount*; STiUMX)
in Government securities on deposit with
the Treasurer of the United States to se
cure circulating notes and public deposits
and the amount held by the bank.-,
3"4.527 84 in specie and legal tenders. The
reduction of $2J,-i'o, (*-)!• in the amount of
United States certiiiea.tes of deposit for
\eg&l tenders results in a net inerea< if
lawful money of $31,53tt.527 84. On October
5. 1897, the deposits aggregated »i.35^,349,
and on September 30. IS9B, $2,031,454,
610 ?9, the increase being $178,105,411 73. The
balance due other banks ana bankers
showß an increase of $r,2.6L7,.^S 09 and
United States deposits of $59,023,01:) 27.
The Comptroller states that he does
not review in their details the plans
for the modification of the currency
and banking systems, which are now
the subject of economic and general
discussion throughout the country, but
confines his discussion to the general
principles underlying all of them, be
cause they seem to ignore the interests
of bank depositors, with %vhose protec
tion the Comptroller is peculiarly
charged. He states that those plans
which are now most generally discussed
may be considered as based upon the
following propositions:
First— That the disproportion between
outstanding currency liabilities of the
Government payable in gold and the gold
held for their redemption should b« less
ened by a contraction in the amount of
these demend currency liabilities.
Second— That the void in circulation
caused by such contraction should be
filled by an extension of the circulation
of national banks, which circulation, re
deemable in gold, is ultimately to depend
for its chief security upon a first lien upon
the commercial assets of the Issuing
banks.
He states that the assumptions which
seem to underlie these plans are these:
First— That unless we are to have a cur
rency contraction, some radical extension
of bank-note issues is absolutely neces
sary to the securing of the proper adjust
ment of Government currency liabilities
to its gold reserve, by which adjustment
the greater safety of the gold standard is
tubserved.
Second— That through this radical exten
sion and change in the present form o£
bank-note issues alone is elasticity to bu
secured in our currency.
The Comptroller discusses the ques
tion of the elasticity needed in bank
currency, commenting upon the great
elasticity of the check and draft cir
culation of the country. In this con
nection, and as embodying his recom
mendations on this branch of his report,
he eavß:
While in this country, with its ex
tended system of banks and its great de
velopment of the check and draft system,
some degree of elasticity in banknote
issues is desirable, it is not essential that
it should be an amount so large as to
make necessary for its Becurlty an in
justice upon the depositor, and thus, by
interfering with the check and draft sys
tem, defeat one of its own prime objects.
The general principles and regulations
under which such elasticity might be ob
tained are not in any way Inconsistent
with the principles and arguments we
have endeavored to set forth. As cover
ing the6e general principles, and as a con
clusion from the views hereinbefore ex
pressed, the Comptroller would make the
following recommendations in regard to
the present laws governing the issue of
national bank notes.
First— The existing banknote system,
based upon deposit of Government bonds
as security, should not now be abandoned.
Second— For the purpose of allowing
elasticity to banknote issues to protect
the banks and the community in time of
panic, a s=m;ill amount of uncovered
notes, in addition to the secured notes,
should be authorized by law under th«
following limitations: They should be
subjected to so heavy a tax that th«v
<ould not be Issued in normal times for
the purpose of profit, but would be avail
able in times of emergency. The tax
should be so large upon the solvent issu
ing banks as to provide a fund which,
in eonm otion with the pro rata share of
the assets of an insolvent bank, would bo
Fufflclent to redeem the notes in full with
out necessity tig;,' any preference of note
holders over depositors of any Insolvent
issuing bank. The tax should be so large
as to force this currency Int9 retirement
as soon as the emergency pusses.
Such a currency could be usrd only to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Richest
Bohemian China / .
Dark Cobalt Blue border with
gold tracings. Specimens : in
5 O'clock Teas, Dessert,
\ Cake and Tea Plates,
Creams, Mustards, Tooth
;. Picks, and everything
• that's pretty X [ «
Winning prices
Great America n Import-gTea Co.
861 Market, Powell 705 Lorkin St. 1 : ''"
140 Sixth St. ■ , 1419 PolkS*. ■: ■- • v.j'..
218 Third m. . 1819 Devlsadero St.
500KearnrSt. 2008 Flllmore St.
IM .Ninth St. 521 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1180 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. r • 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:,
Jofl3WoshiaxtonSt. 131 San Pablo At*.
17 Broadwej. « 616 E. Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St. ,
.:, -- ALAMEDA-1305 Par* it.
; SAN. RAFAEL— B St., ucar Fourth. ,
Write fop Catalogue. ' %*■ '
THE FAMOUS TACON THEATER, HAVANA, WHICH HAS JUST
BEEN PURCHASED BY AN AMERICAN SYNDICATE
FOR 5350,000.
lessen the evil effects of the too rapid
liquidation of credits which are collapsing 1
under a linancial panic, but could not be
profitably used as :f* basis of business
speculation and inflation. It should be to
the business community what the clear
ing house certificates are to our cities in
times of panic— a remedy for an emer
gency, not an instrument of current busi
ness.
The Comptroller discusses the Ha
waiian and Porto Rican banking and
trade situations. He says:
The foundation for the greater growth
of trade between the United States and her
colonies must be speediiy and firmly laid
in proper banking law*, "which will result
isi enabling her merchants to do business
with the people of the colonies without
the disadvantages existing Jit present.
Our present national banking laws do not
authorize the establishment of American
international or American Intercolonial
banks, nor could any national bank estab
lish a branch in a territory or colony sue h
as Porto Rico or Hawaii, even if our pres
ent laws unchanged were extended ov.>r
It. While it is questionable whether Con
gress Should legalize the establishing of
foreign "OT colonial branches by national
banks transacting business under the
present law, that it should at least pass
laws authorizing, under proper restric
tions, the general incorporation of banks
organized to carry on international and
intercolonial banking, as distinguished
from domestic banking, admits of no rea
sonable doubt. Unless some such legisla
tion is provide^ the American exporter
and Importer, In fads trade with America's
own colonies, will be compelled to endure
all the disadvantages under which, in all
South American markets and in many
other markets of the world, he now laN>rs
in his competition with foreigners enjoy
ing superior banking facilities.
His recommendations in connection
with this branch of his report are made
as follows:
The determination of the relation of any
new banking system to the existing banks
and domestic credits of Porto Rico. <lif
fering as they do from those of this coun
try, involves many difficult questions; and
legal provisions for the appointment of a
commission especially charged with the
examination of the conditions of domestic
banking and finance on the islands, and
with the recommendation of the proper
form of laws in connection therewith, is
respectfully urged upon Congress.
In view of the conditions and necessities
of our trade with our new territories of
Porto Rico and HRWaii, and with other
South American countries, as well as with
those other territories over which our
country must exercise a more or less ex
tended measure of control, the Comptrol
ler earnestly recommends the passage of
laws authorizing the incorporation of
banks organized for the purpose of carry
ing on international and intercolonial
branch banking.
SAYS THE ALTON ROAD
HAS NOT BEEN SOLD
John J. Mitchell, One of the Largest
Stockholders, Makes a De
cided Statement.
ST I.OUIS, Dec. 4.— The Republic to
morrow will say: John J. Mitchell, one
of the largest stockholders in the Chicago
and Alton Railroad, denies that there is
an option on that railroad or that it has
been sold. In this respect he said last
night: ,
"There is not a word of truth in it; at
least, so far as I know, and, if there were
I would know it. By that a mean if the
c'.inrollirig interest of the Alton road has
passed into new hands I would be prompt
ly informed of it. The controlling Inter
est is for sale, of course, if anyone will
pay the price asked."
What that price was Mr. Mitchell would
not say.
"Has anyone an option on the stock?"
"No; most emphatically no. And. what
is more, no one ever will."
"Hhs there ever been a bid for the con
trolling interest?"
"Yes, there wns; but it was not a satis
factory one. As I said before the stock
is for sale If we are paid what we want
for it. The bid was made to the Illinois
Trust Company, with wtnch my nephew
is connected. If any deal was made at
present it would be made through that
company, but up to Saturday nipnt there
waa none."
"Did the Kansas City nnd Pittsburg
people, through President Stillwell, make
the bid?"
"No." said Mr. Mitcnell impatiently,
"there never was anything in that."
METALLURGIST'S SEARCH
FOR A RARE MINERAL
Heads an Exploring Party That Will
Operate in Northern
Utah.
OGDEN, Utah, Dec. 4.— A. B. Fronzel, a
prominent. mining engineer and metallur
gist from New York City, has arrived in
Ogde-n. where he will make his headquar-
tors in a campafprn of exploration in
: Northern Utah in search of a certain rare
I mineral. He Is accompanied by quite a
large party, among them chemists, assay
era, prospectors and guides and carries
a complete outllt suitable for campaign
ing in the mountains In the winter time
in this section:
The particular metal of which he is in
I quest is wolframite, from which tungstic
I acid is made, and the propeptics of which
are a necessity in the manufacture of the
hardest steel. It is a valuable metal, the
concentrates bolng worth about JCOO a ton,
and at pronerft the supply 1s almost ex
hausted. Traces, of the metal have been
•- i>( rt€d at many pla<es in the Wasatch
Ranfte, near'Ogaen, but no discoveries
j have I (-en mane where the" body was of
| sufF.citnt/ size for paying work.
Mr. Frenzel represents a syndicate of
i Eastern manufacturers, who have unlim
ited capital' for the exploration of the
I country. He has had a great deal of ex
perience in the West in the search for
I precious metals, as well as in a search for
coal and iron for different railroad com
panies. ■
His experience In the "West has been
very' extensive and the rrsult of his work
i here may be the development of some
j big mining enterprise.
'■» ■ ' '
SAN JUAN BUSINESS
MEN ENTER PROTEST
Object to 'American Delay in the In
stituting of Needed
Reforms.
SAN JUAN DE TORTO RICO, Dec. 4.—
The report put into circulation that the
United States would take no definite ac
tion to establish a comprehensive scheme
of Porto Rlcan administration for at least
a year has provoked much adverse com
ment.. A meeting has been held by local
business men, Americans and Porto
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1898.
Ricans, to protest vigorously against any
delay in reforms, which are absolutely
necessary to prevent the continuance of
serious abuses.
The same meeting condemned the action
of the American authorities in collecting
arrears of Spanish taxes since 18S3, and
called for the application of American
laws and the establishment of free trade
with the United States.
Actress Arrested and Released.
TRENTON, N. J., Dec. 4.— Adele Le
Claire, a New York actress, was arrested
to await the arrival of a warrant from
New York charging her with the larceny
of $230 from Joseph Brown, a New York
bicycle dealer. She demanded a hearing,
and last evening, when no warrant had
arrived from New York, Justice Jackson
ordered her released.
Beady for the Opening.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The hotels are
rapidly filling up with members of Con
gress preparatory to .the opening session.
to-morrow. Included in the arrivals to
day was Hon. Thomas B. R-eed, ' the'
Sneaker of the House, who paid a numbi-r
of Congressional calls during the after
noon and evening.
FELL HEADLONG
TO HIS DEATH
Continued from First Page.
will in all probability never be known
and the only explanation to be had
is that in some unaccountable way
Shaughneesy fell through one of the
elevator doors, but whether the ele
vator had got away from him or not
will never be known.
The body was taken at once to the
Morgue. Shaughnessy lived at 1316U
Mission street. He was unmarried and
about 37 years of age. He had been
employed in the hotel continuously for
ten years and bore the reputation of
being sober and industrious. He once
went to Guatemala 0:1 a mining expe
dition and lost his money and on his
return here went back to work at the
Palace and has been there ever since.
He has several brothers living here.
DISRUPTION OF THE FAMOUS DREIBUND.
fl map of Central. Europe, showing tbe countries of the triple alliance, whose disruption is noW
seriously threatened io consequence o/thV extreme displeasure of Emperor William at tbe speech of
the Austrian Premier, Coufr6fThun Hohenstein, before the Reichratb- The Dreibund, or' triple alliaoce,
was formed secretly or) October 7, 1879, by the admission of Italy to the alliance that bad existed
between Germany and Austria since tbe conclusion of the congress of Berlin in 1878. It was made
for five years, and was renewed in 1887 at Frederlcßsruhe by Prince BismarcK, Count Kalnoky and
Slgnor Crispi for tbeir respective countries. The three countries coroposiog the Dreibund have a
combined popoulation of 123,000,000 people, more than a third jof all Europe, and a grand war total
of 9,094,469 njen, as against Russia's 5.008,284 and f ranee's 4.849,572, which two countries its for
rrjatloQ or dissolution most directly concerns.
SNOW, SLEET
AND A GALE
AT THE EAST
Storm Does Immense
Damage.
HURRICANE AT BALTIMORE
EIGHT HUNDRED DWELLINGS
UNROOFED.
Telegraph and Electric Light Posts
Blown Down Like So Many
Tenpins — Railway Traffic
Impeded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BALTIMORE, Dec. 4.— The most se
vere wind and r&in storm that has vis
ited Baltimore in many years prevailed
to-day and did thousands of dollars
damage. Sixty miles an hour is the
wind velocity given out by the Weather
Bureau, the highest for nineteen years.
Fully 800 houses in the city and vicin
ity were unroofed, chimneys innumer
| able were blown down, trees uprooted
! and poles leveled. Telegraph, tele
i phone, electric light and trolley pales
i Were blown down like so many tenpins.
Large sections of the city are in dark
ness to-night and the telegraph and
telephone systems are badly wrecked.
During the height of the hurricane a
large gas supply tank at the corner of
Scott and Ostend streets exploded and
created a panic in the neighborhood.
No damage was done.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 4.— A heavy
rainstorm which began here yesterday
continued throughout the day. increas
ing in violence, accompanied by winds
of almost gale velocity. Shortly before
midnight there was a clear sky. At its
maximum the wind blew forty-two
miles an hour. Telegraph wires from
this city south were rendered almost
useless on account of the heavy wind.
Trees, swinging signs and chimneys
were blown down, but no great damage
is known to have resulted.
A few dispatches received at the Mar
itime Exchange told of a very heavy
northeaster prevailing at the Delaware
Breakwater and other points along the
New Jersey coast. At many points the
tide rose to the highest point it has
reached in years. No disasters to
vessels have yet been reported.
At Atlantic City great damage was
caused to wires and the city Is In com
parative darkness to-night. Several
private residences on the meadows
were completely surrounded by water,
compelling occupants to use boats in
going to and from buildings.
Reports from Eastern Pennsylvania
indicate the prevalence of heavy winds
and rain, acompanied in some instances
by a slight fall of snow. At Shenan
doah, where snow fell, many small
buildings on the outskirts were blown
down. Telegraphic communication
was crippled. In the mining regions of
Northesatern Pennsylvania the snow
fall has reached a depth of six inches,
with no signs of abatement. Traffic
has been seriously impeded.
COLUMBUS, 0., Dec. 4.— A1l day
terrific -storms have raged throughout
the State, particularly in the nortljern
part. Rain and sleet have fallen. A
MASCOT "BOOTS"
ARRIVES AT HOME
Great Ovation Given the Brave
Little Fellow UpoQ t-jis Return
to Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG Pa.. Dec. 4.— "Boots" McDermott, the gallant littte
mascot of the Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is home at last. He
arrived at. 8 o'clock this morning over the Pennsylvania line from
Chicago. Although the exact time of his arrival was not known,
he was greeted by a throng that tetidered him an ovation befitting
the home-coming of one of the greatest heroes of the war. The lad
was almost an hour working his way from the "Union depot £o his
parents' home at 76 Pike street, only a few blocks distant.. The re
ception under the parental roof was simple, but earnest. It was the
happiest moment of their lives for Patrick McDermott and his wife.
The news of "Boots' " arrival spread rapidly and in a few minutes
the McDermott house was crowded almost to suffocation by people
anxious to get a glimpse of the lad. The doors had to be locked
to prevent a further jam. for nearly every boy in the ward was
there. "Boots" was loud in his praise of the people of San Fran
cisco, especially The Call. The citizens of New Brighton, the head
quarters of Company B, will give "Boots" a public reception. Ha
says he will not sell papers any more, but wants to engage in
business.
special to the State Journal from Lima
says: The severest storm in years has
prevailed here to-day, doing many
thousands of dollars' damage to tele
graph, telephone and electric light
companies. Poles have given way un
der the weight of the wet snow and
hundreds of wires are down and
crossed so as to make them useless.
The city is in darkness to-night.
Trains on all roads are late and a rear
end collision between Cfncinanti. Ham
ilton and Dayton trains resulted on
account of the blinding storm.
A special from Findlay says: The
heaviest snowstorm known in years has
raged all day. Street-car traffic is en
tirely suspended and railroad trains are
very late.
TOLEDO, Dec. 4.— The worst storm
on Lake Erie this season is in progress.
A heavy snow has nearly cut this city
off from the outside world. Wires are
down in every direction. Dozens of
boats are in the bay and fears for the
safety of many of them are entertained.
The wind is blowing a gale over the
lake.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Dec. 4.— The
snowstorm Jast night was followed to
day throughout the Ohio Valley by rain
and sleet, with high winds. Tele
graphic communication, steam rail
ways and trolleys are badly crippled.
The rain and sleet continues, but it is
turning so cold that the storm will
soon be over.
•DAYTON, 0., Dec. 4. — Slushy snow
fell all day, seriously interrupting street
railways. Telegraph and telephone
wires suffered much interruption. The
snowfall ceased at dark and colder
weather set in at midnight.
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 4.— The storm
throughout Indiana was heavy to-day
and the thermometer dropped 20 de
grees. The railroads have not been in
terfered with much as yet.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 4.— To-day's
heavy windstorm blew down a signal
pole on the New York, Ontario and
Western Railway at Peckville to-night.
•A few minutes later a passenger train
crashed into the pole and the engine
and tender left the track and rolled
down an embankment, killing the fire
man, David Davis of Carbondale.
Death, of a Prinr«ss.
LONDON, Dec. 4.— A dispatch from
Stuttgart announces the death there yes
terday of Princess Augusta of Saxe-
Weimar (nee Laye Augusta Lennox),
daughter of the fifth Duke of Richmond
and Gordon and sister of the present
Duke of Richmond.
GILLETT LIVING
IN CHIHUAHUA
Cattle Plunger Located
in Mexico.
DEPOSITS MONEY IN BANK
ACCOMPANIED ACROSS THE LINE
BY AN ATTORNEY.
Fugitive Is Closely Shadowed by De
tectives and Will Be Arrested
Upon the Arrival of
American Officers
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 4.— A dis
patch to the Journal from Chihuahua,
Mexico, says: Grant G. Gillett, the
missing Kansas cattle plunger, whose
sudden disappearance so startled the
financial world, arrived in Chihuahua
on November 23, and left on the morn
ing of the 24th for Durango, where, it
is stated, he deposited a large sum in
the bank. He remained only a short
time in Durango, when he bought a
return ticket to Chihuahua.
Two prominent business men of this
city came up from Durango on the
same train with him, and said that he
bought a flrst-class ticket and rode in
a second-class coach as far as Ror
reon, where he took the Pullman.
The gentlemen got into conversation
with him, and he said he had made
considerable money in Colorado in the
general merchandise business, and he
was in Mexico with the view of invest
ing in ranch or mining property. He
conversed quite freely upon various
topics, referring occasionally to the
cattle business. He was well dressed,
and wore several beautiful diamonds.
At Jiminez he was met by his attor
ney, C. R. Troxel, and the two entered
into low conversation and remained to
gether until they reached Chihuahua.
They arrived here last Monday and
went to the leading hotel, where they
registered. The man was undoubtedly
Gillett, as his signature corresponded
with his signature to a document held
in this city.
Troxel left on Tuesday on the stage
for the West, presumably to the min
ing camps in the Sierra Madre. Gil
lett is still in the city, but his where
abouts are unknown except to the de
tectives, who are closely shadowing his
every movement.
The report that Gillett had been ar
rested and held in custody here is un- I
true. The Jefe Politico says the Mcx- !
lean authorities have not seen him, and :
know nothing of his whereabouts. He '
will be arrested immediately upon the '
arrival of the - authorities from the
States, who are expected to arrive soon 1
fmm El Paso. Their baggage is all in i
this city, and on one of their trunks is
a tag with the name C. R. Troxel.
Three letters which have arrived at
the hotel for G. G. Gillett have mys
teriously disappeared.
COLONEL IRISH WILL
RETAIN HIS PLACE
Not to Be Deposed From the Position
of Naval Officer of San
Francisco.
WASHINGTCrN. Dec. 4.-Callfornians
have lately called .on the President to
urge various candidates for naval officer
at 3an Francisco. This Is one of the best
places In the Government service and
pays a salary of $5000 per annum. Mr.
Loud's candidate Is Dr. McGraw of San
Jose, while Senator Perkins and Repre
sentatives Barham and Hilborn, as well
as the California State Central Commit
tee, some months ago, Indorsed "Billy"
Hamilton.
The Call correspondent understands
however, that the President's disposition
at this time is to retain Colonel Irish In
office and he has intimated as much to
the friends of other candidates. Colonel
Irish s services in behalf of the gold men
in the last Presidential campaign are ap
preciated by the administration. His
term of four years expired one year ago.
but it is probable he will continue in of
fice during the rest of President McKin
ley s administration.
THREATENED STRIKE ON
CHICAGO NEWSPAPERS
Federation of Labor Demands That
the News and Recora Be
Unionized.
CHICAGO, Dec. 4.— There is good pros
pects of another tie-up of the Chicago
newspapers- At to-day's meeting of the I
local Federation of Labor a committee |
•was appointed to wait upon Victor F. ■
Lawson, publisher of the Evening News
and Morning Record, and notify him that
unless his offices be unionized in all de
partments within five days the contract
with the Publishers' Association would be
considered violated, and all union printers
pressmen and mailers called out. None of"
the publishers seen to-nigfit "would 1 . «ay
what action would be taken by the asso
ciation in, case the union carried out us
threat. •
Identity of a Suicide.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 4.— lt haß been ascer
tained that the olu man who committed
suicide a fortnight ago in the Guadalupe
Creek, by shooting himself and then
drowning, was Gilbert Hilton, a resident
of Liver more, and in early days the driver
of a stage between this city and San
Francisco. He had lost money in min
ing ventures.
PEACE TREATY
WILL BE SIGNED
WITHIN A WEEK
Both Commissions So
Predict.
PRIVATE SESSIONS HELD
NO DEMAND MADE FOR A COAL
ING STATION IN CAROLINES.
Spaniards Not Endeavoring to Renew
Opposition to Cession of Philip
pines, for That Question
Is Settled.
Special Dlsr>atch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 4.— The United State*
and Spanish Peace Commissioners held.,
private sessions to-day. Afterward
representatives of both sides predicted
confidently that the treaty would be
signed within a week unless unfore
seen complications arose.
The American Commissioners *ay
there is no foundation for the. reports
circulated in the United States ami
cabled back that President McKinlev
has forwarded to the American Com-
missioners instructions to insist upon
Spain, yielding a coaling base in the
Carolines, and that the Spaniards are
endeavoring to renew their opposition
to a cession of the Philippines. Both
commissions recognize that the latter
question is settled.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Advices
from Judge Day, of the Peace Com
mission, received during last night's
Cabinet meeting, are of a gratifying
character and hopeful for the signing
of the peace treaty within a reasonable
time. The members of the Cabinet ex-"
press satisfaction at the progress be-,
ing made and say neeottations are pro
gressing smoothly. There are various
details, however, concerning which the
chairman desires to learn fully of the
President's wishes, and it was an. in
quiry of this character which formed >
the burden of the latest communication i
from Paris.
SPECULATION IN CUBAN
AND PHILIPPINE DEBTS
MADRID, Dec. 4.— The Government
has not reached a full decision reeard
ing Jhe Cuban and Philippine debts. -
but the Official Gazette to-day pub
lishes an announcement that the draw
ing for the redemption of the Cuban
bonds will occur on December 10.
The speculation in the Cuban and
Philippine debts on the bourse has
seriously displeased the Cabinet. The
rise in those securities Is attributed to
the report that the Government will
devote the indemnity received from the
United States to the colonial indebted- -
ness, regarding which no decisive steps
have been taken by the Ministers.
An official dispatch from the V'zcayas«
Island in the Philippines announces,
that the insurgents have doubled their
attacks on Iloilo. The Government ad
vices say: "The rebels have their
guns trained on the city and fire on
our troops nightly. Our troops main
tain a spirited fire and have killed a
number of the enemy."
CARLIST RIFLES
FOUND UNDERGROUND
BILBOA, Spain, Dec. 4.— The local
papers report the discovery here of 396
rifles carefully secreted underground.
A number of Carlists have been ar- '
rested on charges of being connected
therewith.
Tripolitan Prince Dead.
PARIS. Dec. 4.— The death is announced
of Sidi-Mohamed Taieb Bey. brother and
heir presumptive of Sidl AH Bey of Tunis.
Ho was in his seventy-eighth year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEY WANT TO TELL ;
*■— • >
These Grateful Women Who Have
Been Helped by Mrs. Pinkham." >; -
Women who have suffered severely ."
and been relieved of their ills by Mrs.
Pinkham's advice and medicine are
constantly urging publication of their
statements for the benefit of other wo-
men. Here are two such letters:
Mrs. Lizzie Beverly, 258 Merrimao
St., Lowell, Mass., writes:
"It affords me great pleasure to tell
all suffering women of the benefit I have
received from taking Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound. Icanhard- -• v
ly find words to express my gratitude for tiflA
what she has done forme. My trouble '
was ulceration of the womb.  I was un-
der the doctor's care.' Upon examina-
tion he found fifteen very large ulcers, 'x
but he failed to do me good. I took sev-
eralbottlesof Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, also used the Sanative
Wash, and am cured. Mrs. Pinkham's
medicine saved my life, and I would
recommend it to all suffering women."
Mrs. Amos Trombleat, Ellenburgh
Ctr., N. V.. writes: ; ' . '
44 I took cold at the time my baby /.
was born, causing me to have milk \
legs, and was sick in bed • for eight .
weeks. Doctors did me no good. I
surely thought I would die. /; ,I was al-
so troubled with falling of the womb.
I could not eat, had . faint spells .as V
often „as ten times a day. One day a";'
lady came to see me and told me of the :
benefit she : had derived from taking
Lydia E. Pinkham's medicine, and ad-
vised me to try it. I did so, and had
taken only half a bottle before I was .
able to sit in a chair. After taking
three bottles I could do my own work. • ':
I am now in perfect health." r .: f
Radway's »
.. : Pills «
Purely : vegetable. . mild and , reliable. - C*u«
r«Hhful d SaV}ty. COmPleU *>-»«« **
j > Pot the cur* of all disorders of the Stomach. . *
| Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Irl
regularities^ Sick Headache. ■ Biliousness, Cob.
•tlpatlon Piles and all derangements of the ."
Internal Viscera. 25 cts. a box. At Druntata!
i or , by mail. » RADWAT * CO.. New TortDEATH OPENS
OLD SCANDALS
AT AGNEWS
Bessie Bailey's Case
Proves Annoying.
MAY NOT BE INVESTIGATED
— .
OFFICIALS DECLABE SHE DIED A !
NATUBAL DEATH.
Seem Loth to Believe That the Girl's j
Sudden Demise Should Put Them
to the Trouble of an
iJL *. Inquiry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RAX JOSE, Dec. 4.— The cause of j
3essie Bailey's death is still a mystery. !
While the people on the outside are i
inclined to hint at foul play the phy- j
Blcians and managers of the asylum
believe death resulted from natural '
causes. Dr. Hood of Elko, Key., and |
Dr. Ware of Colfax, who are reported ■
as having said that a criminal opera- '
tion was performed on the girl, are I
coming in for no small share of criti- j
cism by those interested in the asylum. I
So confident are Managers Curnow,
Gould and Hale that these two physi
cians are mistaken that the case may
never be investigated.
There are many peculiar features j
about Bessie Bailey's death, but during |
her confinement in the asylum she was
always very mysterious. The girl was |
continually getting into trouble. Eddie I
Herbert, an attendant, was caught in j
the vicinity of her room in his stock- j
ing feet and he fled from the place on
• bicycle. She was always mixed in ;
scandals with employes of the institu
tion. The story that sh*? to.ld Dr. Ware '
of the operation being performed is a
•ample of her tales — so the asylum ofti- i
cials declare.
The statement by Dr. Hood of Elko, j
jho held the autopsy on the girl's body, j
\ nat an operation had been performed, ;
is discredited by Dr. Curnow, chair- j
man of the board of managers. No
such testimony was given at the Coro
ner's inquest, as far as can be learned, ;
and Coroner Morgan, in a letter to Dr. :
Sponogle, says:
"All the organs of the body were in i
normal condition."
Evidence of an operation, Dr. Curnow j
says, could hardly be discovered three
days after death, where the body had j
been embalmed.
At the asylum all sorts of stories are
afloat among the attendants. Tney
throw no light upon the case, except
perhaps to prove the indiscretion of |
Dr. Leonard Stocking, first physician
. of the asylum. The stories are that
the doctor took unusual interest in the i
young lady, watched her case care
fully and spent considerable time in her
, company, remaining in her room on
some occasions as late as 10 o'clock at
night. When Bessie Bailey wanted
some money for delicacies the doctor
gave it to her, and on several occa- j
slonß he ordered chicken dinners for j
h^r. Dr. Stocking denies all this. Dr. |
Sponogle Bupports Dr. Stocking and j
Bays that nothing of the kind ever took
place that he knows of. The medical ;
director admits he had heard Dr. Stock- |
ing had practiced hypnotism upon Miss
Grant and Bessie Bailey.
It is believed at the asylum that a i
mistake was made when the press dis
patches stated that Cyrus Timmons, i
. the girl's uncle, said he did not know
\ she was coming to him. Letters at the ;
asylum prove differently. But there is i
some mystery as to M. C. Berry of 1110, i
la. Some time ago he wrote to Bessie |
Bafley and asked her to come to him j
and he would take care of her. He in- j
closed a check for $30, which he said |
he owed her for work she had done in I
his family at Santa Cruz. No such !
person is known at Santa Cruz.
Dr. Sponogle says the girl was i
troubled with a weak heart and death !
probably resulted from natural causes. !
The high altitude would affect her I
heart, and this, with the large dose of j
bromide of potassium, may have caused
death from failure of the heart. This i
is Dr. Curnow'g opinion, also.
While the board of managers is in- !
cljned to pass the affair over without ■
an investigation it is thought public !
opinion will demand that it be looked |
into. It is even asserted that last sum- |
mer's investigation will be only a side- ]
enow compared with the circus that i
will result from the investigation. !
Affairs are being conducted in a lax !
manner at the institution and it is said i
employes and patients are allowed con- j
Biderable freedom.
NO MORE CHANGES IN
THE NEW POSTOFFICE
60 the Supervising Architect Will
Proceed With Work on the
Building.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The supervis
ing architect has decided to make no
more changes in the San Francisco Post
office plans. They have been changed
several times to suit the Federal Judges
and other officers of the Government.
Judge Morrow has suggested that the
Inner court chambers be constructed re
mote from the noise of the street traffic,
but the architect says there have been
too many delays already and he proposes
to proceed with the work of construction
•without further changes in the plans and
has so informed Congressman Loud, who
Insisted that work proceed.
Zelayo's New Cabinet. I
MANAGUA. Nicaragua, Dec. 4.—Presi
dent Zelaya's new Cabinet, which will
take the oath to-morrow, is made up as
follows: Minister of Foreign Affairs, Joa
quln Sanson; Minister of Interior. Fernan
do Abunza; Minister of Public Works,
Rug Rnmiriez Mariena; Minister of Fin
ance, Feliz Zelaya.
Rescued in Midocean.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— The British
steamer Angers arrived in port to-day in
distress, having encountered terrific gales
nn the Atlantic. She also brought eight
shipwrecked marines;, who were taken
from the dismantled and water-logged
American schooner Harry B. Ritter in
midocean.
Jasper Roboerson's Funeral.
P .SIN, Dec. 4.— The body of Jasper
Robberson, formerly a prominent mem
ber of the Solann County bar. who died
suddenly from heart failure In San Fran
i«st Friday, was Interred in Rock
ville Cemetery this morning.
Fire in a Church.
NEW YORK, Deo. 4.— Fire early this
wrecked the end of St. Agnes.
r < atholio Church on Fifty-third street,
near Third avenue, destroying valuable
altars, paintings, and a new organ. Loss
$100,000.
Ex-Congressman Lindscy Gone.
\ NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— James H. Lind
/ cey, who represented the Seventeenth
New York District in the Forty-ninth
Congress, died to-day at his home in
Kingston. N. V.. aged 79 years.
MERCHANT AH YEE'S
STORE AT AUBURN
Scene of the Brutal filling of a
Pioneer* ChiQaman.
In this modest structure one of the most horrible murders in the
history of Placer County was committed. Ah Yee. was a merchant,
who had lived In the county over forty years and was reputed to be
wealthy. He bought practically all the gold dust that was disposed
of in Auburn, and was believed to have kept this dust and his money
in a room at the rear of the store. On Friday night robbers entered
Ah Tee's place, felled him with a hatchet and then decapitated him
with an ax and made away with his treasure. No tangible clew to the
identity of the murderers has been discovered.
RESCUED FROM
SHELTER ISLAND
Detroit's Passengers Are
Safe at Juneau.
•
PICKED UP BY THE ALERT
FACED STARVATION AFTER THE
WRECK.
Steamship That Went to Their As
sistance Almost Lost Through
Crashing Upon a
Beef.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Disratch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Nov. 29 (via Vancouver,
Dec. 4). — The steamer Alert which
went to the rescue of the ship
wrecked passengers of the steamer
Detroit, who were stranded upon the
shore of Shelter Island, short of provi
sions and in danger of starvation in
case of a storm, reached them last Sat
urday and returned in safety with all.
The Alert took a food supply for use
should she be delayed by the weather.
The ship struck a reef about a mile
from shore, and only the favorable cir-
cumstances of daylight and calm water
prevented a catastrophe as serious as
that of the ill-fated Clara Nevar 1 last
winter. Had the accident occurred at
night nearly all, if not all on board,
would have been lost in all probability.
As soon as the Alert got into the chan
nel here a wind arose and a heavy
storm came on.
The passengers were knocked off j
their feet "or seats, and those playing
cards at tables were tumbled over the j
floor by the force of the collision |
against the rocks. The Detroit at last j
accounts had disappeared from her '
perrh on the reef, having previously j
listed heavily, and has been knocked to ;
pieces by wind and waves. She can no ,
longer be seen, and is a total loss.
The passengers signed a statement ■
expressing their appreciation of the el* 1
forts made by Captain Latham to get. j
them out of their perilous position and
ashore, and of his efforts to promote i
their comfort on the island and to get
help to them. The Alert was sent out j
to the rescue by the customs author!- !
ties here.
Interest in the Atlln and Porcupine I
Creek diggings is still lively, and if
there Is any difference the interest ts ,
growing, though that is hardly possi
ble in Alaska. No one has reached the
roast from Dawson since the news of
the big fire was brought out on the
steamer Ora. Navigation has closed,
and winter has come down from the
sky. Doubtless some are now on the I
way out. When winter settles down a
little harder travel over the snow and
Ice to Atlln and Porcupine will begin.
KENTUCKIANS FIGHT
DUEL WITH PISTOLS
Both Principals in a Jackson County
Affray Are Instantly
Killed.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 4.— A special to the Re
public from Jackson. Ky.. says: A duel
with revolvers took place here last night
between C. C. Runyon. Marshal of Jack
son County, and Alfred Allen, a well
known character. They fought over an
old difficulty and both i .en died instantly.
Encountered Terrific Seas.
NEW YORK Dec. 4.— The American
brig Faris, Captain Montgomery, arrived
to-day from ports in Honduras. Captain
Montgomery says that In an experience of
twenty-three years in the trade between
New York and Honduras lie has never
encountered such terrific seas as be <lid on
the last trip. The mate was swept over
board and lost on November 2T,
Town Destroyed by Fire.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 4.— A special to the
Republic from Muskogee, Ind. T.. says:
Nearly the whole business portion of
Eufala Ind. T.. on the M. K. and T. Rail
road, was destroyed by fire last night.
The loss Is estimated at $150,000.
Bryan Escorted to Camp.
SAVANNAH. Ga., Dec. 4.— Colonel Wil
liam Jennings Bryan returned to Savan
nah to-day, after a thirty days' sick
leave He was met at the depot by nis
regiment and escorted to the camp.
Noted Englishmen Dead.
LONDON, Dec. 4.— Daviu Stewart Ers
klne thirteenth Earl of Bucnan. died to-
Stirling, the
well-known actor, is dead.
Charter Election in Vallejo.
VALLEJO. Dec. 4.-An election will be
held in Vallejo next Thursday, when the
propoeed new charter will be submitted
to the voters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1898.
WILL DISCUSS
NEEDED REFORMS
Municipal League Con
vention Called.
TO MEET IN THIS CITY
SANTA CLARA' <? MAYOR TAKES
THE INITIATIVE.
Committee to Be Appointed by James
D. Phelan Will Arrange the
Programme for the
Conference.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, Dec. 4.— A short
time ago Mayor Druffel of this place
sent out circulars to the various cities
of this State requesting an opinion as
to the desirability of organizing a
League of California Municipalities.
Responses favorable to the holding of
a convention of representatives of the
cities were received from a maioritv
of the municipalities, and he was re
quested to fix upon a date and place for
the convention. Mayor Druffel has is
sued the call for a convention as fol
lows:
SANTA CLARA. Nov. 21.— A favorable
response to my recent circular letter, ad
vocating an association of municipalities
having been received from the greater
number of cities of the State. I am en
couraged to hope that the same will be
a success.
It seems best and most convenient to
all concerned that the meeting should be
hold in San Francisco and I consider that
December 14, at 10 o'clock a. m., would
be a proper time and Pioneer Hall an
appropriate place.
I sincerely trust that a representation
from your city will be on hand. James
D. Phelan kindly consented to appoint a
committee of arrangement, who will meet
previous to that time and arrange a pro
gramme of proceedings, etc.
Would be pleased *o have you suggest
to the- committee topics of special inter
est to be discussed and if you know of
anyone who would prepare a paper upon
some subject of interest, kindly furnish
the committee with the information.
Inasmuch as we desire to amend laws !
in relation to municipalities, try and get
your corporation counsel interested in
the coming convention; also your City
Engineer, Health Officer and Chief of Fire
Department. 1 believe your city could
well afford to pay the expenses of dele
gates for it is sure to be productive of
much good.
There will probably bo no limit to the
number of delegates from any city. The
attendance of all city officials is earnestly
solicited. Kindly auvise at your earliest
opportunity whether a representation
from your city can be on hand. Yours
respectfully. D. O. DRUFFEL,
President Board of Town Trustees.
RECORDS BROKEN BY
AN OLYMPIC CYCLER
Jack E. Wing Lowers Time Marks
Set by Fuller and
Johnson.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 4.— To-day at Cyclers'
Park Jack E. Wing of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen lowered the one-third mile, one
fourth mile, one-half mile and two-thirds
mile coast records, and the world's quar
ter-mile record. Floyd McFarland had
charge of the pacing, which was done by
a tandem and two triplets from the Gar
den City Wheelmem The coast records
were formerly held by George Fuller and
the world's quarter-mile record by J. S.
Johnson. Results and comparison:
Distance— Fuller. Wing.
One-third :34 4-5 :34
One-fourth :25 1-5 :24
One-half :53 4-5 :52 2-5
Two-thirds 1:12 1-5 1:11 3-5
Johnson.
One-fourth :2« 2-3
Next Sunday Wing will attempt to
break the world's one-half mile record.
FOOTBALL AT VALLEJO.
Farraguts Beaten by the Reliance
Team of Oakland.
VALLEJO. Dec. 4.— T>»e Reliance foot
ball team of Oakland defeated the Far
raguts of Vallejo here to-day in a hard
fought contest, the score being 10 to 0.
The visitors were headed by Frank Frick,
who played a splendid game at halfback,
nbly supported by Platt and Deacon. The
lattrr was fullback, and his punting was
a feature of the game. In the first half
riatt kicked a beautiful field goal just
before time was up. In the second half
Deacon circled his field and scored a
touchdown, but missed the goal. Peter
Smith, captain of the Olympics, umpired
the game and gave general satisfaction by
his prompt and just decisions.
It was the Farragut's lirst game of the
season, and, considering that they had
several new men in the team, they mado
a splendid showing.
Showalter in the Lead.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Showalter won
the seventh game of the match against
Janowski. Janowski 3 games; Showalter
2; drawn 2.
WINTER SESSION
OF CONGRESS TO
CONVENE TO-DAY
National Legislators Must Coq
sider Many Problems Caused
by the War.
Territorial Government for Hawaii and the
Nicaragua Canal Will Follow in the WaX«
of Appropriation Bills.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. — The
curtain will ring up to-mor
row at noon on the closing
session of the Fifty-fifth Con-
gress. The war and the fruits
of the American victory carry in their
wake many problems which the na
tional legislators must solve. But
though many questions may press for
solution the brief _ space covered by
this session, which expires by limita
tion on March 4, precludes the possibil
ity of much being accomplished beyond
the passage of the regular money
budgets, the legislation for the in
crease of the regular army which the
administration deems necessary to
meet the obligations Imposed upon the
nation as a result of the war, and prob
ably the enactment of a law to give a
permanent Territorial government to
the Hawaiian Islands.
This covers all the Important legisla
tion which the Congressional leaders
expect to see enacted at this session.
It Is almost the unanimous sentiment of
the members that no attempt shou'd
be made to legislate concerning the
possessions acquired by the war with
Spain at this session. There are earnest
advocates of the Nicaraguan canal
who will strive to secure the passage
of a canal bill now, and in this they
may possibly be succesful, but neither
it nor any of the measures like the
pooling bill, anti-scalpers' bill, etc.,
which have strong friends, will be al
lowed to interfere with the bills the
passage of which is deemed absolutely
necessary to prevent an extra session.
The leaders at both ends of the Capi
tol have put their heads together at the
beginning of the session and are bent
upon the Idea of avoiding an extra ses
sion. With this purpose In view the
appropriation bills are to be given the
road at both ends of the Capitol and
pressed through with all possible haste.
Two sub-committees of the Appropria
tion Committee of the House have beon
at work for a week. The deficiency bill
to meet the extraordinary expenses of
the army and navy during the six
months from January 1, 1898, to July 1
is ready to submit to the full commit
tee to-morrow and the regular District
of Columbia appropriation will be
ready by the end of the week. It Is
necessary that the former should be
come a law before the holiday recess,
which this year Is to be shorter than
usual, and Chairman Cannon hopes to
see it through the House and into the
Senate before the end of this week. The
Democrats of the House have not dis
closed their position, but it is not be
lieved they will seek to obstruct any
appropriation bill necessary for the
maintenance of an army now In the
field. Should there be a disposition to
open up and prolong a debate upon the
conduct of the war upon this bill it
is safe to assume that the Committee
on Rules will be Invoked to bring in an
order of closed debate.
Intense interest is manifested in the
President's message, which will be sub
mitted to Congress to-morrow, on ac
count of the many Important questions
it will have to deal with, and no Presi
dential message in years has been
listened to with the eagerness and in
terest with which the reading of Presi
dent McKlnley's message will be heard
to-morrow. The reading of the mes
sage will occupy probably two hours.
The first thing in order after Speaker
Reed calls the House to order to-mor
row will be a call of the roll to de
termine the presence' of a quorum.
Concerning this there is little doubt,
as members are arriving by every
train and the hotel lobbies are already
thronged with them. A quorum hay
WHEELMEN BEGIN
A SIX-DAY RACE
Thirty-One Line Up for
the "Go."
NUMBER THIRTEEN TABOOED
CONTESTANTS ALL REFUSE TO
WEAR IT.
Each Man Will Be Examined Daily
by Physicians and Withdrawn
Shouid He Show Signs of
Permanent Injury.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Thirty-one
men started in a six-day bicycle race
in Madison -square Garden at five min
utes after 12 o'clock this (Monday)
morning. The starters are all in ex
cellent condition and the plank track,
ten laps to the mile, is in perfect order.
The attendance at the start was not
large owing to the stormy weather.
When the numbers of the racers
were distributed the referee could find
no one who would take "13," Irish,
English, American, French and Russian
riders seeming to be afraid of it.
Hence no '13" will be represented.
At one minute after 12 o'clock the
riders were called to the scratch and
the following responded: Charles W.
Miller, American, and winner of last
year's six-day race; Joseph H. Rice,
American, second man in last year's
ing been developed committees will be
appointed to await upon the President
and the Senate to inform them that the
House is ready to proceed to business.
Pending the arrival of the President's
message several members elected to fill
vacancies caused by deaths or resigna
tions will be sworn in, and immediately
after the reading of the message is
completed the House will adjourn out
of respect to the memory of Messrs.
Love of Mississippi and Northway of
Ohio, who died during the recess. On
Tuesday or Wednesday at the latest the
House will plunge Into Its work. Chair
man Cannon will have the deficiency
bill ready and it will occupy the atten
tion of the House to the exclusion of
everything else for the remainder of
the week.
SENATORS WILL SOON
SETTLE DOWN TO WORK
WASHINGTON,. Dec.
express a determination to take up the
work of the session vigorously in the
beginning with the hope of Retting well
advanced before the holidays and they
are counting upon taking up the ap
propriation bills at a very early date
for the purpose of preventing an extra
session due to any failure on the Dart
of the national budget. It is expected
that the army deficiency bill will reach
the Senate during the present week,
the understanding at the north end of
the Capitol being that the House will
dispose of it within a very few days
after assembling. The committee on
appropriations will bring it in early for |
the double purpose of having it passed ;
quickly and of testing the feeling of
Senators on questions connected with
the war. The first day's session will
be given up almost entirely to the
message, and there is great interest
manifested in hearing the minutest de
tails of the President's recommenda
tions. After the reading of the mes
sage the Senate will adjourn until the
next day. All plans for legislation of
general scope await the promulga
tion of this document, and as a con
sequence, one hears far less than usual
of measures to be introduced.
It is impossible to say what matters
will occupy the week after the disposal !
of the message, but it is probable that ;
some speeches may be delivered upon !
the policy indicated by the message, j
and also that the calendar may be
taken up. There are many measures \
which have been reported, and there
will be no difficulty to find employment \
if the Senate is disposed to settle down j
to routine so early in the session.
During the closing days of the last
session, Senator Morgan gave notice
of his intention to call up the Nicara
guan canal bill at the beginning of the
present session. He unquestionably
will redeem his promise and would
doubtless seek the first opportunity but
for the possibility of change of senti
ment in favor of having the Govern
ment undertake the entire responsibil
ity of building the canal. All the indi
cations are that this question will be
one of the most important subjects un
der consideration during the session.
Opposition is developing to the bill
which the Hawaiian commission will
bring in and for which early consider
ation will be asked. There is a con
siderable contingent in the Senate op
posed to constituting the islands into a
territory because of the apprehension
that they may be converted into a State i
and deliberate consideration of the sub- .
Ject will be asked.
While it is quite too early to reach
definite conclusions, there are decided
indications of a disposal on the part of
the Senate to confine the session's work !
to routine Treasures and the appropria- \
tlon bills, and it need surprise no one |
if the close of the session would dem
onstrate that this general policy had
been pursued.
race ai;d that of the previous year;
Fred Schiner, German, third in last
year's race; Teddy Hale, winner of 1896
race; Frederick Michael, Swiss, riding
under the name of Frederick; Theo
dore Joyeaux, French; Frank Cistao,
French; Ulysses Monachon, Swiss,
holder of French unpaced twenty-four
hour record; Etienne Stephane,
French; Frank "Waller, German; Fred
Forester, German; Burns Pierce, Nova
Scotian; Frank Albert, American;
Louis Gimm, German- American; John
Lawson, Swede; Oscar Julius, Swede;
Earl D. Stevens, American; A. G. Bli
vens, American; Maginnis Gross,
American; Charles Neal, American;
James A. Rafferty, American; Jack
Burke, Irish- American; Oscar Aaron
son, Swed*; Louis J. Kinse", American;
Henry Pilkington, Irish; J. W. Navin,
Irish; Stephen Fallon, American;
Charles Tuville, American; Bert Les
lie, American; Edward Beacom, Amer
ican; T. C. Smith, American.
Miller, the winner of last year's six
day race, was the favorite among the
speculators before the start was made.
Little betting was done, and there is
likely to be little until the riders are
well on their way later in the week.
Medical examination of the contestants
will be made every twenty-four hours
by competent physicians, and any mitn
showing signs of being permanently
injured by the contest will be ruled off
the track.
The score at the end of the first hour
stood as follows:
Frederick. 21.5; Half. 20.9: Stephane.
19.4; Monachon, 20.3; Joyeaux. 20.8; Cistac.
17.3; Miller, 21.3; Navin, 21.1; Schnerrcel,
21.1; Pltkinton. 16.9; Waller. 19.2: For
ester, 2U.5; Klnse, 18.6; Smith. 20.8; Bea
com 20.2; Julius, 21.2; Stevens, 21.3;
Gross. 18.2; Neßl, 20.6; Rafferty, 14.9;
Burke, 17.5; Lawson, 21.3; Aaronson, 20.1;
Fallon, 20; Bliven, 19.9; Albert, 20.8; Grim,
21.1; Judville, 21.5; Leslie. 19; Rice. 21.1.
Miller led on the five miles in 12
minutes and on the tenth mile in 26
minutes and 34 2-5 seconds.
'•■■■ '■'■■ , ■■■' ■' .." "'"' +~. ■ ~ ■ ■-. ■
IDENTIFYING THE DEAD.
Bodies of Twenty-Four Portland Vic
tims Recovered.
BOSTON, Dec. 4.— A1l the bodies of the
victims of the Portland disaster so far
recovered have been identified—twenty
four in all. The last two of the bodies
brought up from the Cape yesterday were
those of Samuel H. Smith, a saloon man,
and Charles Cholera, a steamboat porter.
A DRUNKEN ROW
SENDS ONE MAN
TO HIS DEATH
Francisco de Froncke Shot by a
Man Who Says He Was
Froncke' s Friend.
Antonio Rosso, an Italian Fisherman, Ar
rested for the Murder, Admits He
Fired the Fatal Shot.
As the result of a quarrel between two
Italians in a restaurant, at the corner of
Broadway and Front street, Francisco di
Froncke, a barber, lies on a slab at the
Morgue and Antonio Rosso, a fisherman,
is locked up at the Central Police Station
on the charge of murder.
The shooting took place at the corner
of Broadway and Montgomery street. !
There were no witnesses. After Rosso |
fired at his man he attempted to escape, I
but ran directly into the arms of Special j
Officer Burge, who, attracted by the !
shots, immediately ran in the direction j
from whence they came. Both men had |
been drinking and were considerably the
worse for liquor, and Just how the trouble
started is not known.
According to the story of the people in
the restaurant at Broadway and Front
streets the men entered the place separ
ately. They were to all appearance stran
gers. They took different tables and
gave their orders. While eating they be
came engaged in a war of words, and both
were very angry. At one time they seemed
about to come to blows, but were prevent
ed by the attaches of the house. Froncke
presently arose from the table and left
the place. Rosso followed, and, while
no one saw them, it is presumed that tne
quarrel began in the restaurant was con
tinued up Broadway until Montgomery
street was reached, when the fatal shots
were fired.
Froncke was hit in two places, the
right temple and the right shoulder. He
died almost instantly. Deputy Coroner
Hal'.et was notified /by Policeman Peshon
and the body was removed to the Morgue.
GAG LAW APPLIED TO
SPANISH NEWSPAPERS
Efforts of the Government to Sup
press News of Threatened
Revolution.
LONDON. Dec. s.— The Daily Mail pub
lishes the following dispatches from Biar
ritz: The censorship is so severe that the
Spanish newspapers are prohibited even
from contradicting Carllst news published
abroad. There have been numerous ar
rests of Carllsts at Barcelona and else
where in Catalonia, The Carlist general,
Isapi, and several colleagues, have dis
appeared.
The Madrid correspondent of the Stan
dard says: "The Conservative party und
Senor Sllvela, through their newspaper
organs, have made peremptory bids for
power. Senor Sagasta treats the matter
calmly, ridiculing the smaliness of Senor
Silvela's following and declining to hasten
the assembling of the Cortes, to be con
vened in January, or the conclusion of the
peace negotiations."
SACRAMENTO BURGLARY.
Residence of State Librarian Frank
L. Coombs Ransacked.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 4.— The residence
of State Librarian Frank L. Coombs was
looted by burplars early . this morning-.
The thieves effected an entrance through
a pantry window and literally turned the
house upside down. ±he rooms occupied
by Deputy Secretary of State^W. L. Ses
sion were ransacked. As he is absent
from the city his toss is not known. Two
overcoats belonging to jit. Coombs were
taken. None of the family awoke until
dawn.
STANFORD'S POSTMASTER.
Samuel J. Brun Will Be Nominated
by the President.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— A new post
master will be appointed at Stanford
University in a few days. Congressman
Loud some time ago promised to name
Samuel J. Brun for this office. He is in
formed that Brun will be nominated by
the President in the course of a few
days.
Barge Porter's Crew Rescued.
GLOUCESTER, Mass.. Dec. 4.— The
steamer Procyone, Captain Stanley, ar
rived here to-day from The Georges with ;
the crew of the Buffalo bftrge Porter, res- I
cued Tuesday night, two days aftor the
barge had parted from the steamer Ara
gnn, which was towing her, with two
otmer barges, to New York.
Landslide Causes a Wreck.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— A landslide,
brought on by the rain and snow melting,
caused a bad wreck on the New York,
Susquehanna and Western Railroad, near
ADVERTISEMENTS. -•.-.-...■ J
goo o oo o oo 000000000000000000000
I Free Book for Weak Men I
o o
o • o
O - r , A . , , O
O -"Ij kittle boolc — q
© "Three Glasses S
o?" w^ ]Uk of Men"— t
® 3 %*V* JfiWiß sent sealed— free upon request. ®
0 .JKg *fe^ !r*iir 'Iti tells (of m y years' prac-
0 ffiWgii- ~*tr^ iff *' cc an(^ success in treating o
8 isasi^^^^^^^^^ Nervousness, Impotencv, Vari- °
o cocele, Lame Back and kindred Q
o v dfiJP^fflt J%zlz%**<M Ailmonts by nature's own gift o
%^^^ll^^^^ Electricity. O
I DRUGS NEVER CURE, °
o : . ■, ' ■;■ ■■-; ■■'; "■■■ °^
j ° They only, stimulate. With my famous Electric Belt and Supporting Sus- : V
®" pensory : ; I cured 5000 last year. Soothing currents ; applied through *~ '
® weakened parts at "night.* ■' It cures you while you Bleep. Write for ';O',
? ■':- book '•" to-day: and get ■ my opinion of your case, or drop In and consult ** *
2me free of charge, and t«st; current of Belt. Call or address . ; ' ®
5 dr. a. T. sanden, ' .•;,;":':;.■;; :'::T-.. '■'.■: ■■■"•",'.'-;'»>':
Ig - 708 Market Street, Corner Kunty, San Fran.li*. KOT \H DRUG STORES, ? °
©Office hunrs, Si m. to Bp. in. ; Sunday*; 19 -/-^ -'- a.^.7T"ii«-.»,i- n.i, O
to 1. Branches at An«l* S . Cal.. 232 Weat . J'ZJS**^,'* 'm l^r ..^ O
©; Second street:? Portland. Or.,- 253 Washington 'i'A hv »™vlnn« ''"« » t ?I?" n
1 X «tre-t: Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; ' -■ nor by traveling only O
O* Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street; Butt*. Mont.. « our offlc* <.-.,:-,. j^ q
' © 110 North Main street. '^^^Bb&SBM * — T~ ~~ W A
00000 00000 boo o oo o o co o ob bb &
On the body was found a Colt's revolver
of forty-one caliber with one of the cart
ridges discharged. Examination of the
gun shows that this had been fired for
some time. Rosso claims that the mur
dered man fired three shots at him. but
with the pistol found on Froncke as evi
dence to rebut his story he will have a
hard time to prove his assertion.
The- gun with which Rosso killed
Froncke was a cheap one, and from it
four shots had .been fii*ed. The murderer
claims that he shot but twice at his vic
tim. At first he would make no statement
to the police, but later acknowledged that
he had killed the man, who, he claimed,
was a friend of his. He was so intoxi
cated that the police place no confidence
in what he says. The general belief is
that the two men met each other while
out on a debauch, and, becoming engaged
in a drunken brawl, the murder followed.
Antonio Rosso, the murde r, is 23 years
of age. He was taken by Special Officer
Burge to the Central Police Station im
mediately after the snootin" and a charge
of murder was entered against his name.
Rosso'a story, told in an incoherent man
ner, was as follows:
"I met this man w..0 was a friend of
mine and we had several drinks togeth
er. Then we went down to Front street
and Broadway, where we drank wine for
some time. We finally quarreled and he
threw an empty glass at me. I resented
this and went outside and dared him to
come out on the street, where we could
settle the matter. He followed me out
side and drew a gun and fired three shots
at me. He did not hn me but I returned
his fire with two shots."
Swatwood, to-day. Engineer Herbert
Wayne was thrown down the hill and sus
tained internal injuries, and Fireman
Jerome Posten was badly scalded.
GREAT COPPER LEDGE
UNCOVERED BY GRADERS
Canadian Pacific Construction Force
Makes a Rich Find in Brit
ish Columbia.
TACOMA, Dec. 4.— Canadian Pacific
graders on the Crow's Nest Pass Rail
road uncovered an immense copper ledge
near Grand Forks, B. C, last week. A
grading outfit was excavating a large
open cut when it came upon a five-foot
vein of copper sulphides of an exceedingly
rich character. Work was continued on
the cut. which is intended to be sixty-five
feet deep, with the result that the or«
body is increasing in width and richness
as depth is attained.
This important strike was made on the
Colcifer claim up the north fork of
Kettle River, and five miles from urand
Forks. Little attention has been given
to that part of the Boundary Creek min
ing district because the ledges found here
tofore have not been as well defined as
those in other sections. The uncovering
of such a large ledge by graders has
awaked renewed interest in that locality
and explorations have been started to find
other ledges. Assays of the Colcifer
ledge run high in both copper and gold.
The property is owned chiefly by Colin
Campbell of Grand Forks.
RETURN OF AN INSANE
ENGINEER YEOMAN
During the Voyage From Cuba He
Jumped Overboard, but Was
Rescued.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Among the pas
sengers who arrived to-day on the Ward
line steamer Seneca from south side Cu
ban ports were Surgeons Byrnes of the
Cincinnati and N. V. Barclay of the Gla
cier, having in charge W. W. Seymour,
engineer yeoman of the Glacier, who is
suffering from insanity. He will be taken
to the navy hospital at Washington. Dur
ing the voyage he jumped overboard in
an attempt to commit suicide, but was
rescued.
The officers of the Merritt & Chapman
Wrecking Company, who have been work
ing on the Spanish warships sunk at San
tiago, were also on board. They express
the opinion that the Cristobal Colon can
not be saved.
Five Bodies on the Beach.
EUGENE, Or., Dec. 4.— During the past
week five bodies have been picked up on
the beach between Florence and Gardi
ner. They are supposed to be the bodies
of the sailors from the wrecked Atalanta.
34
MONDAY DECEMBER 5, 1898
JOHN D. SPREGKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. 8. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. «
THE WEEKLY CALL.... ...One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildinft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfea House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE - Marquette Building
& GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl<ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 I
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh j
street, open urjtll 9 o'clock- "505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
California — "A Boy Wanted Just for Fun."
Columbia— "Gayest Manhattan."
Alcazar— "The Private Secretary."
Tivoli— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
■ sco's— "Blacklisted."
Coiuedy Theater—" 'Ola Olson."
Orjiheuni— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Oorrilla man, vaudeville and the xoo.
Olympta— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, specialties.
Butro's Baths— Swimmmg. '
Mechanics' Pavilion— Charity Bazaar.
iclumbia — Press Club Entertainment. Thursday After-
Boon. December 8.
Sherman - Clay Hall— Piano Recital Friday Evening, De-
cember 9.
Oakland Race Track— Races to-day.*
Rosenthal— Coming In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfteld— This Day, at 311 Octavia street, at
11 a. m., Purniture.
By Klllip &. Co.— Tuesday evening, December 6, at 7:3 C
o'clock, Thoroughbred Yearlings, at corner Market street and
Van Nesß avenue.
1898 BREAKS THE RECORD.
IT is customary in trade to base comparative con
ditions on the heaviest previous business year until
a new record-breaker occurs, when that, in turn,
it taken as the basis. These record-breaking years
occur every now and then and are dispersed along the
commercial highway of the country like so many mile
stones, and are commemorative of exceptionally pros-
perous times. For several years past the year 1892
has been the basis of comparison, as that year made
• the best average up to the present time. But we are
now told by those whose business is to collate com
mercial statistics that hereafter 1898 will be the basic
year. It seems rather odd to us in Califronia that
1808, which has been our "dry year," should have
been the most prosperous in the country's history,
but if we are to beheve the figures of the commercial
statisticians, it has broken the record in the volume
of trade, though it is behind other years in the plane
of values. In other words, prices have been low, but
the amount of business has been very large.
If this be really true, it destroys the popular theory
that war is destructive to business, for during four
months of the year the United States was engaged in
an expensive war with Spain. Indeed, it was observed
throughout the whole course of the war that outside
of Wall street the business of the country was hardly
affected by the war, one way or the other, and The
Call pointed out at the time that a foreigner might
travel from one coast of the country to the other with
out knowing that a war was in progress if he could
be kept away from the newspapers. The foreign and
internal trade of the nation went on as usual, and the
people were as tranquil as a cow chewing her cud.
A? the year goes out certain favorable conditions
are apparent. The iron and steel trade are excited
over the placing of orders for from 500.000 to 700,000
tons of steel rails — more than 25 per cent of the coun-
try's annual production — at prices which, though not
too satisfactory to manufacturers, indictate a stable
cc ndition of the trade. The boot and shoe business is
looking up, leather is steadier and hides are higher,
and the early advent of winter in the South has
caused a marked improvement in the cotton market.
The exports of flour and wheat from Atlantic ports
last week were 7,484,000 bushels, against 6,500,000
bushels for the same week last year. The lumber
trade seems to be improving, and the recent advance
in prices is maintained, while reports from the pro
ducing districts show that the heavy output has been
satisfactorily handled. The general jobbing trade of
the country has been checked here and there by se
vere storms, but this is transient and incidental to the
season. . The sales of wool in November were 39,875,
000 pounds, against 34,122,000 for the same week last
year, but they were effected only by concessions on
the part of sellers. Manufacturers of woolen goods re
port rather larger orders, and the general opinion is
that the. 'wool trade has seen its worst days, though
ho marked improvement in prices is looked for un
til the present enormous stocks become materially re
duced. The failures last week were 281, against 306
for the same week in 1897, while the record for the
month of November is said to be the best in this re
spect in the history of- the country, and shows a grati
fying condition of financial soundness. The bank
clearings continue to show a gain over those of last
year, the increase last -\»eek being 15.8 per cent. The
uncertainty connected with the Peace Commission
unsettled Wall street during the early part of the
week and led to some selling of our securities by for
eign holders, but that was a mere passing cloud. On
the whole the country seems to be going out of the
year with flying colors.
Locally there is little new. The lack of rain still
hangs like a cloud over the State, and while last
week's shower helped the pasturage in the northern
part, the San Joaquin Valley and the southern portion
of the Sta'e derived little benefit from it. Aslongasthe
dry weather lasts the interior banks and merchants
will be indisposed to advance seed to farmers, and
this acts as a drawback to business generally. What
the State needs more than anything else at the mo
ment is a good soaking rain, and when it comes there
will be a general unloosening of purse-strings all along
the cqmmercial and .agricultural line. There is no
contraction of credits anywhere, and money is in
abundant supply at the regular rates of interest, but
capitalists, both individual and corporate, are dis
posed to go slowly until they are satisfied of favorable
results from their advances.
The tendency of prices during the past week was
generally favorable, to ferjaie'rs. .. There was no decline
i\\ any Article ofproduce^ and several advanced. There
is very •little speculation St: -t.be foment, and business
js proceeding on conservative and safe lines.
Physicians among the volunteers seem to have no
-remedy capable of- curing nostalgia
THE WORK BEFORE CONGRESS.
AS a rule comparatively little important legisla
tion is undertaken at the short session of Con
gress. That which is to be held this winter,
however, may prove an exception to the rule. Cer
tainly there are gr,eat issues to be ddeafl f with. The
fact that the Senate is not fully under the. control of
sound money men may prevent any attempt to enact
a. currency reform bill, but with that exception there
is hardly any important measure of needed legisla
tion that might not be accomplished this winter.
Some of these measures, like that providing for the
construction of the Nicaragua canal, have been long
before the public. Others like the proposed legisla
tion for the promotion of American shipping have
been given an increased importance by reason of the
rapid expansion of our commerce, which is now car
ried on in foreign ships. Still others, like the demand
for the establishment of a parcels post, are new. All
of them, however, are supported by a strong popular
sentiment, and it is reasonable to expect that at least
some of them will be provided for by .the legislation
of the session.
The action of Congress will undoubtedly be largely
puided by the message of the President. It is re
ported he will recommend an increase of the army
and the navy, the construction of the Nicaragua
canal, a careful consideration of th: policy to be
adopted with regard to the government of Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines, but will not recom
mend any financial reform at this time.
While these reports are more or less authentic, they
will not in any way detract from public eagerness to
read the message itself. Mr. McKinley is a conser
vative statesman, well fitted to direct the affairs of the
nation at this critical juncture. It is still freshly re
membered how he saved the country from committing
the blunder of recognizing the so-called Cuban re
public, and the people have, therefore, ample confi
dence that his abilities and his patriotism will enable
him to settle up all the issues and responsibilities
growing out of the war with Spain without commit
ting the United States to any policy adverse to its
highest interests. ' . :,
Certainly Congress assembles for its short session
at a very critical period of our history. It is likely
to be marked by debates o- the highest themes that
can engage the attention of statesmen, for such will
be those involved in devising a government for
Hawaii and for the islands freed by our arms from
Spanish tyranny. We shall see what our Senators
and Representatives can s do with the great oppor
tunity before them.
NEW YORK BEATS LONDON.
A HAPPY coincidence has brought it about that
the year in which the United States first re
vealed themselves* to other nations as a great
world power of commanding naval and military pres
tige should also be marked as the year when for
the first time New York outranks London as a com
mercial city. The commercial triumph is, in fact,
the more surprising of the two. No one ever doubted
that we could sweep the Spanish from the seas and
drive them from the colonies they misgoverned, f bu^
it was not at all expected that the honor of being; the
world's commercial metropolis would be shifted from
London to New York before the year was over.
The figures and reports on which the claim of New
York for supremacy are based are official. Mr. Van
derlip, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, is quoted
as having said recently that the annual report of the
Commissioner of Navigation would show the total
value of London's trade in 1895 was $i,i23.59i;630t
New York's showing for the same period was $803,
321,190. In the following year New York gained
$137,980,338, while London advanced only about $27,
000,000. In 1897 the figures for New York were $976,
898,235, a decrease from the preceding year, while
London showed another slight gain. But 1808 has
proved a banner year. Exports of merchandise have
advanced fully $450,000,000, a greater gain than has
been shown by any preceding twelvemonth. Imports
of merchandise have not advanced, but there have
been heavy imports of gold to put the figures up. Al
together New York's foreign trade for 1898 will not
be less than $1,300,000,000, while that of London is
computed at $1,202,207,847.
Of course the contest will be close for some years
to come, and the fortunes of trade will vary. London
will be ahead one year, and New York another, but in
the end the advantage of New York will be so great
that mere temporary fluctuations and changes in the
commercial world will not affect her supremacy. She
will be in the near future what London has been for
so many years of the past, the commercial metropolis
of the world.
It is safe to say that if ever New York loses the
supremacy she has now attained the loss will be due
tc the opening up of the Orient and the development
of great commercial cities on the Pacific. San Fran
cisco in this respect is the child of destiny. The in
dustrial progress of the United States has brought
the mercantile center of the earth to our Atlantic
coast, and the progress made in the Far East may
bring it to this coast at a time much earlier than is
now expected.
THE BRIGHT SIDE OF A BLIZZARD.
RARELY has that vigorous and buoyant Ameri
can optimism which with a "frolic welcome
takes the sunshine and the storm" been better
illustrated than in the comments of the New Yofk
Mail and Express on the recent fearful storm that
swept over the whole country from the Dakotas to the
Atlantic coast. Our contemporary not only saw a
bright side to the blizzard, but found it so radiant
that it burst into a rhapsody of sparkling prose.
The storm, it will be remembered, was one of the
severest of recent years. Upon land and sea the de
struction of property and the loss .of life were great.
The Mail and Express itself describes it as "a grand
all-star combination of cyclone and blizzard." One
storm wind started from the south and the other from
the far west. The two united in New Jersey,' and
from there made a swift and terrible advance. Way
farers caught in the blizzard were frozen on the high
ways, many destitute persons died of the cold in their
unwarmed tenements, and on the sea the number of
wrecks was appalling.
After viewing and reviewing all these disasters the
Man and Express cheerfully advised its readers next
morning after the storm to turn "from these distress
ir.gr recitals to contemplate the beauty touches which
the great cyclonic blizzard has given to the visible
world." As an inducement to a study of these beauty
touches the genial and irrepressible optimist said:
"The storm king is a scenic painter of surpassing
genius. With his airy brush and his wealth of wjiite
he has given the outlines of castles and palaces and
fairy dwellings to the monotonous structures reared
by man. The trees, decked with feathery plumes and
glittering icicles, are like giant flowers from some en
chanted clime, and the distant hills loom skyward as
if they were terraced banks of habitable clouds. All
of which means that it was a royal storm, gorgeoifs
and beautiful, fitly heralding the approach of the ex
hilarating delights of winter."
Californians will not begrudge the East such win
THE SAINT FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1898.
ter delights* and if the people there find them ex
hilarating, so much the better. There is no
accounting for tastes. We can hardly re
frain from something of envy, however, for
the cheerfulness of the happy liar who,
after the passing of a blizzard, can rise up and swear
that he likes it. Every American has the nerve to
boast of the prevailing weather of his locality, and
declare the climate to be unsurpassed, but they are
few indeed who can survey the work of a winter
blizzard and shout with rapture, "It was a royal
storm, gorgeous and beautiful."
WHATEVER ground a woman may have for
complaining that her natural "rights" are de
nied her, when she turns criminal the basis of
her' logic fails. As a criminal she has privileges no
male could think of claiming. She is apt to be re
garded as a heroine. At least she arouses a maudlin
sympathy and escapes punishment. As to her privi
lege of slaying the man who may have wronged her,
or have been simply her companion in evil, no serious
question arises. ' There may be an arrest, a perfunc
tory performance at court, which is merely a trial of
patience and a waste of time. Under present condi
tions in cities around the bay any woman may kill
any man she feels an impulse to kill, and fear no
penalty more serious than her conscience can mete
out.
In direct defense of her honor, as of her life, human
judgment would sustain any woman if she slew her as
sailant. No such circumstance has marked the numer
ous murders committed here by women. Usually they
have been cold-blooded, deliberate, and so without
excuse, that, with the tragedy reversed, the woman the
victim, the man the assassin, the gallows would have
been the end for him. The plain citizen does not
crave the probability of being eliminated from the
material world even by the gentle hands celebrated for
a natural tendency to rod: the cradle rather than press
a trigger.
Since the execution of Durrant, the monster who
was hanged after a three years' fight, the law against
murder has seemed in a degree effective. There has
grown up a restraining habit of dropping thugs and
killers through the trap, reforming the individual and
making him useful as an example. No similarly be
nign influence has been brought to bear upon the
woman homicidally inclined. She has been taught
that she has nothing to fear from any violence, and
that a fit of hysteria and a gush of timely tears will
wash away her guilt. This is not fair to either sex.
If the Shattuck woman had been hanged, as she
richly deserved, for luring Harry Poole into ambush
and shooting him, the man-killing habit would not
have taken so firm a hold upon femininity. But this
woman, heartless, brutal and cunning, was not pun
ished. On the contrary, the court permitted her to
go, for the District Attorney, having convicted her
once, saw the futility of undertaking the farcical pro
ceeding again. Her sentence in the first place had
been twenty-five years, yet there was not about her
deed the first color of justification. The only woman
who has been punished was Mrs. Worthingtcm. Pen
niless, friendless, weak in mind and body, gpadefi to
"the act by her Husband, she excited' no sympathy, ihe
episode was not romantic nor the central figure a
beauty with lachrymal founts on tap. She did not
understand the science of applied hysterics. All the
rest of the list have escaped.
It is with no desire to appear harsh we call atten
tion to the recent tragedy in which the bride of a
month sought the presence of" her husband, Arst arm
ing herself, and sent a bullet into his heart andanpther
through his brain. She claims this was done in self
defense. If it was, the fullest opportunity should be
given her to prove it, and if it was not, if she sought
this man with intent to kill him, the penalty should
be as quick and as severe as it would have been for
him had he slain her. The mocking of justice has
continued too long, for the rustling of a skirt may
mark the approach of an assassin as truly as may the
stealthy tread of the midnight footpad. It is high
time for the distinction to be wiped out. The bullets
sped by the hand of a bride carried death with them.
How is such a deed less black because not the work
of a man?
Whatever fate may have in store for this self
created widow, it is certain that her career affords a
dreadful lesson to foolish girls. She had been mar
ried without parental consent. The husband was
perhaps in many respects her equal, but he was in
capable of providing for her, and this she knew. In
order to marry she was forced to lead a double life,
deceive her parents, and exist in a constant fear of
exposure. A marriage which must be kept as secret
as a thief keeps a robbery has in it no element of
good, and the girl becoming a party to it is treading
on dangerous ground along a path which can lead
only to disgrace.
There has as yet developed nothing to show that
either mentally or physically the man was the stronger
of the two. He did not seem as one who could in
fatuate and beguile. In these illicit alliances the
error cannot always be put upon the man, though for
his share of it he dwells in trembling fear and goes to
his grave. She has a share also. To hold her blame
less h a grievous wrong.
A girl who has the protection of a home does not
need to be protected by a pistol. When she resorts
to it, let the consequences be visited upon her.
A gentleman who was killed while on a hunting
trip it is now suspected shot himself deliberately,
since it is discovered that his life was heavily insured.
Needless to say, the insurance companies do the sus
pecting. To the average judgment the good that
money can do a dead man is hardly worth reaching
after.
Whether a woman has a right to kill a man who
happens to have acquired her ill will has come to be
a pressing question, and might as well be settled right
now. A man may be imperfect and yet commit no
capital offense, and a woman as executioner is out of
her element anyhow.
The Shenandoah arrived in port with a story of a
meteor which had flashed flamiag across the sky. and
a reporter recounted the yarn as a "long fiery tale."
Perhaps he did not mean to do this, but either the
scribe or the type machine was peculiarly honest.
General Kitchener is being severely criticized for
having put thousands of dervishes to the sword.
When the critics can suggest a better use to which
to employ dervishes their remarks will carry greater
weight.
Two people have been found guilty of extortion.
As to what the capitalist from whom they extorted
was guilty, of course the jury was not in a position to
declare.
Some of the big non-fighting fighters threaten to
come West. If they wish they may come. There are
some dreadful defects in the quarantine laws.
When professionalism begins to invade football the
gridiron would better be planted to cQrn and the ar
tificial nose devoted to stage purposei alone*
WOMON (\S A CRIMINAL.
ENGLAND'S EDITORS IN DIRE DANGER.
The Author of the Immortal Words, "Not Simply .Hoisted, but Nailed "Till
Prosecute Them if They Say Anything Abouf^is Painful Old Con
tract With the Southern Pacific.
In this era of fraternity, when we are even talking of an alliance with
the British, our cousins over the sea will surely permit us a laugh at their
unconscious humor. They have heard there of the ''gale of the Examiner's
good will to the Southern Pacific, and the subjoined excerpts from the
Westminster Gazette Bhow how fully they have grasped the situation:
The Exnminer and the San. Francisco Call have for many year? added to the
gayety of the American press by their censelef* quarrtflings and bickerings. They
are perpetually flying at .one another's throat and sometimes nno and then the
other pets the upper hand. The Call is at present parformtng a. lively war
dance on the body of its rival. It alleges to have upearjhed a very pretty piece
of blackmail on the part of its rival, an. l its crowing is "particularly vociferous. It
flecltfrea that "William R. TT'earst. the proprietor of the Examiner, was at one
time promised $30,000 in Installments from the South Pacific Railway on the
understanding- that he would from that time consult the interests of the railway
and cease from all hostile criticism. This agreement was. signed in 1592 and for
a time, according to The Call, the Ronth Parifte and the Examiner had a
community of interests. Shortly after, however, the parties in this contract
quarreled, and although the affair was arranged at the time, the evidence of the
questionable transactions has now by some means passed into the hands of The
Call, which is not slow to rake th? ashos nf an old scandal on the head of its
rival. The text of the agreement has passed Into its hands and it :-. forthwith
gives it in full as follows, under the title of "The Purchase of Heargt:"
The company [Is to en.loy immunity from hostility tn th« oolumnß of the Examiner,
andl Is not to be the victim of malicious attack or criticism, or of misrepresentation:
that the Examiner will not seek to create hostile sentiment In the minds, of this" commun
ity against the Southern Pacific Company, or any of the interests It represent*, and that
while not stipulating as aralnst all criticism, it agrees that criticism Shall not proceed
from any motive of malice or malignity, ami that- mich criticism as may he found neces
sary to keep and maintain the confidence of the public to the- extent t{iat any public sen
timent may have been created from Other sources, is to avoided as much p.s possible.
Round the typewritten agreement, which purv>or+* to be a rough copy, are
scribbled the comments of the managers of the Examiner. One of thorn agrees
to the entire, document except a few w.prds in brackets. Another says that "cer
tainly nothing else . would be satisfactory," whjle a third a,sks, "How does this
conform to your understanding?"
Although more than six years old the document is still a very pretty cudgel
for one newspaper to belabor its rival with. Unfortunately the answer of the
Examiner Is not to hand.
Meanwhile The Call, with the view of slinging another bolt at its rival, has
published photographs of what in American sjp.ng is. ca.^ed thQ Examiner's cold
pig. This Is the colloquial expression, for the unsold returps p{ a newspaper,
and the cartload in the cruel photograph is meant gently to convey that the Ex
aminer has not such a big circulation after all.
The fun came In where the editor took It all back. He recanted on the
authority of Creelman, a correspondent whose aversion to the truth is paid
for at space rates. Possibly Creelman could tell the truth, but Indubita
bly he never does so. He was an accessory to the horrors of the war be
tween China' and Japan, creating most of them himself and portraying with
elaborate detail thrilling series' of events which never occurred. In Cuba
he conducted the campaign, the presence of the officers being wholly super
fluous and rather annoying. He was an eager target for Mauser bullets,
and told with much elaboration the sensations of a brave man under fire.
So when Creelman was Instructed to call upon the editor of the Gazette
and to tell him what was what the editor Imitated Davy Crockett's coon.
Creelman added this to universal joy:
To the Editor of the Westminster Gazette— Dear Sir: There is not a word of
truth In the statement published in your columns based upon the San Francis
co Call's charge that the San Francisco Examiner had many years ago made
an agreement with the Southern Pacific Railroad by which the proprietoror man
agers of the Examiner were, in consideration of a payment of a sum of money,
to refrain from hostile attacks on or criticism of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. The whole story Is a pure falsehood uttered by the San Francisco Call,
which is a mouthpiece of the Railroad Company, which now bitterly attacks
the Examiner because the Examiner has for years maintained an ear
nest anti-corporation attitude. This railond and its allied "trusts" on the Pacific
Slope first sought to shield themselves from honest criticism by attempting to
crush the Examiner. They supported the Examiner's rival, excluded the Ex
aminer from the railroad trains, and exerted their Influence in every possible
manner, public and private, to silence it. These facts" are well known in the
United States, and are repeated here now simply to meet a statement calcu
lated to deceive people in England who aro not familiar with American af
fairs. The whole Pacific Slope has been for years in the grip of a corrupt
and tyrannical corporate clique, headed by the Railroad Company, which has
Inspired the attack to which you give eurrencv. The Examiner has led a pop
ular uprising apainst this despotic system. The railroad and its accomplices
failed in their efforts to crush the Examiner. They then tried to caiole it with
advertising and favors. Failiner in this they are now trying: to discredit it.
The Examiner is In no way affected by such an obviously false attack, and the
conspirators have had to go a loner way from San Francisco to find a newspaper
other than their willing organ willing to publish this stuff. The Examiner is brinsc
iner a suit aprainst The Call for libel and Judgment is assured. I am instructed by
cable by William R. Hearst, the proprietor of the Examiner, to deny specifically
every part of the story printed in The Call, and to hold to strict accountability
in the courts all persons who repeat it. Faithfully yours.
JAMES CREELMAN.
Temple Chambers, Temple avenue, E. C, November 14.
The editor was scared. The threat of libel fetched him. The ridiculous
folderol of Creelman, of course, could not be. understood In London. How
could they know there the Examiner was a discredited arid purchasable
sheet. Its virtue a jest and Its record a scandal? So the editor said this:
[We are very glad to publish Mr. Creelman's letter. Our paragraph was in
tended to bo asummaryof a newspaper controversy which has excited some in
terest in America, and we were careful to explain that the statements were ex
parte allegations subject to the answerof the other side. Mr. Creelman's letter
certainly puts an entirely different color upon the statements made In The
Call.-Ed. W. G.]
So he will not be sued for libel. Happy man. He wouldn't havQ been,
and couldn't have been, but the bluff worked well.
But Creelman had a pull with some other papers. He caused the Even
ing Dispatch of Edinburgh to fly to the rescue of Hearst as a man who
was opposed to the Southern Pacific, but he did not tell it that he was so
opposed because cut off from the payroll, a circumstance fully advertised out
here. The Echo also made comment displaying a childish ignorance of the
situation, and a sweet and simple faith In Creelman. The correspondent
wrote a communication in which he said — but why quote Creelman? There
are Aesop and Munchausen to draw on. Creelman was instructed to make
a general denial of the charge that Hearst had sold his toleration and he did
it. He forgot to. deny that the E-xamlner circulation is largely by way of
the garbage crematory, but still he did very well. "We congratulate Creel
man. In the world of fiction he holds a leading place, and is steadily
lengthening the lead.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Fred L. Martin, U. S. N., la at the
Grand.
Dr. "W. D. Ward of Fortuna Is a^ the
Grand.
J. F. Maxwell of Boston is a guest at
the Palace.
H. E. Barber of St&ckton is a guest at
the Grand.
Thomas Darwin of . Chicago is at the
Occidental.
W. A. Newton of Chicago is registered
at the Palace.
Professor S. W. Young of Stanford is
at the California.
George Newmann of El Paso Is regis
tered at the Lick.
Mrs. Wyppon and daughter of Charles
town are at the Lick.
Attorney P. H. Griffin of Modesto is
staying at the Lick.
R. Bancroft, a merchant of Merced, is
registered at the Lick.
Captain S. O'Neill Murphy of London Is
staying at the Palace.
H. B. Blagrave and valet of New Hamp
shire are at th© Palace.
S. Hartman, a merchant of Merced, Is
registered at the Grand.
C. B. Butt and B. B. Beirs, 17. S. N.,
are staying at the Palace.
Charles T. Noack, a Jeweler of Sacra
mento, is a guest at the Lick.
George K. HolllUelle and family of St.
Louis are guests at the Palace.
Anthony Burdick and wife of Daven
port, lowa, are at the Occidental.
George Mainhart, a prominent miner
from Grass Valley, is at the Grand.
F. M. Romain and wife and Miss
Hixon, of Fresno, are at the Occidental.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Senator Per
kins arrived yesterday and Is at the Al
bany Hotol. Representative De Vries and
wife arrived to-night. Dr. Fred Clark and
Captain Williams of Stockton ar© at the
Hotel Johnson.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVTBS.
The French naval budget of 1899 la $60.
815,680 and provides for a large increase
of officers on the active list, it being In
tended to bring up the several squadrons
to their fullest strength.
Two battleships of the Oslabya type nr«
to be laid down at the St. Petersburg
navy yards. They will be of 12.374 ton« dis
placement, 434 feet In length. 14 f«..'t •;
inches beam, and are to be built entirely
of Russian material.
The German Navy 1 "nartment In prt
paring plans for making Dtintlg; Hay n
naval station. A tract of land hun bWn
acquired near Edingen and a torptdo
boat station will be established ut P)«
mendorf near Danzig. The irrrjic-t
drawback to the successful onrrylMK oal
of this scheme Is the shallowncn* of Urn
bay and the Intended station In prob&Oi)
only for torpedo craft i^n4 othor iu-.ih
draught vessels.
Two Japanese torpedo !>.mir. l.ultt i. v
Normand at.: Havre h«ve Jutit m com.
pleted. They are : 130 : f»»»«l -by> A  fret mml
1 feet- draught. They- were ;, entirely, com*
pleted on the stocks, inspected by Japa
nese officials, after which they were taken
to pieces and boxed for shipment to Yoko
hama.
At the Chatham dockyard the wages to
workmen for the week ending November
12 was $250,000. This amount exceeded the
average weeks' wages by $100,000, and was
due to the elaborate war preparations
which have necessitated considerable
overtime.
A submarine boat, the invention of an
engineer in Berlin, is shortly to be tried
officially by the German Admiralt- in the
harbor of Kiel. The boat carries only
three men and it has already been tried
t» the extent of three hours continuous
traveling under water at a denth of nine
feet.
The Russian coast-defense ship Aprak
sin has passed through a continuous
seven hours 1 trial under full power. The
contract called for 5000-horse power, but
the trial developed 6757. On the first trial
the engines fell short of the power and
the contractors were fined $14,400, which
now is remitted. The ship made 15.07
knots over the measured mile course in
four runs.
.An almost forgotten act of naval heroism
Is retold of Admiral Lyons of the British
navy. Lyons was a lieutenant. 21 years
of age, on the seventy-four-sun * ship
Mlnden In the East Indies, fighting the
Dutch. One of the strongholds was Fort
Marrack In Java, which the British cap
tain considered too strong to capture by
his force of 450 men. The fort mounted
64 guns and had a garrison of 800 soldiers
but Lyons conceived the idea that he
could capture it, and contrary to orders
he, with three midshipmen and thirty-one
sailors, effected a landing in two boats
made a dash against the fully prepared
fort and drove the soldiers out,. alter
which he spiked the guns and returned
to his ship with a lons of only three
wounded. His captain was furious an,!
Lyons narrowly escaped a court -murtlal
but when. the admiral of the Beet heard
of the exploit he promptly promoted T.lou
tenant Lyons and a few years later he
was made a captain.
A serious state of affairs Is reported on
board the British battleship Majestic ly
ing at Gibraltar. .In consequence- of the
ship's ! company having strewn >l on the
docks orange pool and other 'fruit debris
the order wan Riven that no frutt wa« to
be allowed on board and the. hours of
smoking were also curtailed. ■';'■ The crew
felt 'ngKrtcved:; and on the night of No
vembor 9 matters came to a crisis, Dur
ing , one of the watches ail th« bont's
falls were, cut arid l many articles wore,
thrown ovqrboard... The captain mustered
the crew, and told thorn that the mischief
had l)i<«<n ilnnn by cur* and cowards.; Th«
rint*l«fcdtfil have not been discovered,* and
nil lmvo ha* been stopped. creating much
bud. foiling on th«. ship, an nil : men Mi
nuulc tOi»u(Tor for the act* of a few. A
similar (Incident occurred In our navy on
board th«i Hartford In while on the
Houth-Atlfthtlo fetation Mayo we* cap
thin ! and 1 tivrrlngton >t cxecuUvo j officer.
Dn« v niKht mium of tham\n« ftiuVa lot of
I'OUt it«ufjSvur« tIMMIMTI .1 with twdostroywd
l>y ii few of th« dlMontMittd of th<t"cr«w.
Tim . rliit;Unwi<M-n w«r« otwfht ami - the two
prlnol^>nU;w^r« • nii-.i, o»nvtot»4 «tul • «en
tcMi'o.l l.» t. n \ Ml i in; l!io pervltontljiry. !
ANSW£AB TO CORRESPONDENTS.
«' H . C'lfy. »iy (h,. tot vi, "Tho ru-.nib.r
on the roof," in connection with the City
Hall of San Francisco, is meant some
alleged jobbery with the tin roof
tract of that building.
ALEXANDER-A. S., City. As George
A. Alexander, who figured In an unen
viabje light in ttte* Case of Durie Heither,
did hot ifava his hfcdress with this depart
ment at th€ time he left the city,
main away until the thing blew over it
is impossible to tell where he is at pres
ent. • r
THE WILMERbING SCHOOL—Educa
tion, Dixon, Cal. When the Wilmerding
School is built it will occupy a block of
land on the Potrero of San Francisco,
known as block l.^S, bounded by seven
teenth. Mariposa, Rhode [aland and Kan
sas streets. Am vet the course of atutliea
has not been decided upon.
FATHER OF THE AMERICAN
NAVY-EsK-k Hopkins of Rhode Island is
entitled to the name of "Father of the
American Navy." He was appointed
commander in chief of the navy, by the
'.-"ntinehtal Congress in 1775. In 177«. while
in command of the first colonial fleet, he
Lired the British ships Hawke and
Bolton. Ho was retired in 1777 for neglect
to appi ar before the naval committee on
a charge of unnrceH.sary delays.
SULU GROUP— E.. City. The Sulu
ground mentioned in the peace treaty be
tween the United States and Spain is an
archipelago pf mure than sixty islands in
Ufi Mindoro 6ea. between the Philippines
and Borneo. Qagayen Sulu. the largest of
the islands, is thirty-six miles long and
twelve wide. It contains the town of
Soong, the residence of the Sultan of the
group. These islands have a population of
about 150.000. Soong is in 66 degrees 1
minute north latitude, and 120 degrees 55
minutes and 51 seconds east longitude.
THE RUSSIANS AND OPALS— W. C.
D., City. The Russiar-* are very super
stitious in regard to opals. They believe
that this exquisite stone, with its fairy
light dancing over its delicate surface,
will bring tears to the *--es of the wearer.
No woman 6t rank will have an opa^ in
her jewel box. The merchant or the or
dinary shopper, if he boo" ■ see an opal,
will that day not make any purchases for
fear that ill luck will attend the pur
chase. The Russians fear the influence
of the stone, but they are unable to tell
why.
CAVEATS— H. C, City. The filing of
caveats is sometimes of great importance,
as it may be quickly done and affords Im
mediate protection against the issue, of a
patent without the knowledge of the
caveator. The object is to give the in
ventor time to perfect his invention. A
caveat consists of. a petition, specification,
drawing and affidavit of invention. The
fifing of a caveat does not secure any ex
clusive right of sale, the patent secures
that. If you have a valuable invention
and have to have a mgdel made, you
should first secure a caveat or place the
matter in the hands of a reliable agent.
You have a right to dispose of your in
vention to any one at any time.
MATCHES— S.. City. A number of per
sona have been najned as the inventor of
the phosphorus match. "Invention" says
that "it appears that the real Inventor
was a Hungarian, James Irinyi. When
he was a student, 19 years old. In 1835, he
attended the Polytechnic School at Vi
enna, and was a student of chemistry unv
der Professor Meissner. He becam a
greatly impressed by a demonstration o,\
the reaction produced by rubbing to
gether peroxide of lead and sulphur. It
struck him that the reaction might be
greatly intensified when substituting
phosphorus for sulphur. Irinyi was not
seen for several' days by .his fellow-stu
dents; but when he rejoined them he had
his pockets full of matches, which he
struck on the wall, all taking fire. He
sold his invention, it is recorded, to a
merchant named Romer for about $3500.
GEKMAN MILWAUKEE.
The theater, art and science have found
a home in the German city of America-
One German and three English theaters
offer to the public an abundance of varied
pleasures, and all eminent in intellect and
art are accustomed to stop in Milwaukee
on their American travels. A public li
brary, as well as a picture gallery and a
museum, offer gratuitous instruction to
every one. In the fall there is an annual
industrial and agricultural exhibition.
Which with each year receives a greater
abundance of contributions. Dozens of
German glee clubs and athletlu dissocia
tions, serve for social intercourse. As
might be expected, the English language
is used in the conduct of business, al
though at least from 50 to Go if not a
greater, per cent, of the people have com
mand of the German language, which is
taught in the public schools.
in almost every business, in nearly all
the commercial houses, which are for the
most part conducted by Germans, the
German language is used along: with the
English, and so ignorance of German is
regarded as great a fault as ignorance of
English, if not a greater one. Recently an
attempt was made to remove the German
language from the curriculum of the pub
lic Bchools. but the inquiry instituted for
this purpose produced a result very vexa
tious to the investigators. The over
whelming majority of the non-German
parents decided in favor of ha%'ing their
children taught the German language.
Thus Milwaukee, in this case also, nas
made good her reputation as, the Ger
man city of America.— Prom the Chau
tauquan.
HUMOR OF THE DAY.
"What is a decadent?"
"A decadent? Well, he is a man whfc
borrows money to pay his board while he
writes morbid poetry that he can't sell."—
Detroit Free Press.
"Won't you miss the news and bustle of
war in the country?"
"No; I'm going to take Jimmy and
Bobby, and they have only one gun and
drum between them." — Detroit Free Press.
Mrs. Enpeek— The philosophers tell us
that blessings often come to us in dis
guise.
Mr, Enpeek 'with a sudden show of
spirits— Say, Maria, when are you going
to unmask?— Cleveland Leader.
Mrs. X (observing her friend at work
upon the floor of the kitchen)— Why in the
world don't you get a servant to scour
your floors?
Mrs. V.— Because, my dear, I'd have to
scour the town to get a servant. — Life.
Hattle— So you and Jack have quareled,
did you?
Ella— Yes ; he said something that I
didnt like, and I told him we must be
strangers henceforth.
Hattie— And did he fall on his knees and
ask you to forgive him?
Ella— Not he. You see he— that Is. his
knees were occupied at the time. — Chicago
News.
"I understand she went to the) theater
while, she was away, in spite of the fact
that she was in mourning," said th«
neighborhood gossip.
"\es: she did," answered, the friend of
the absent one. • . \
"And they say that, of all things, she)
went to see a comic opera,
••That's so, too; but it's all right. She
explained It all to me very carefully. The
was 'The Black Hussar.' "—Chicago
Post.
Cal. glace fru - 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Our store will be open evenings until
Christmas. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
Special information supplied dally t«
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping- Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Much has been said of late in regard
to tho wholeHoinenesa of apples, and a
l'arls spoolalist says that women who
want to have clear complexions ought to
eat three or four apples a day. They act
on the Uver.
•'Mrs. Winslow's Soothing SyTup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mother* for. their children while Teething with
perfect bucccsh. It soothes the child, softens
the 'gum*, allay* I'nln. cures Wind Colic, reg
ulntrH the Bowels and is the best remedy J for
diarrhoeas, whether ' arising from teething or
other ' causes.' ■ For sale by J Druggists In every
i»\rt of the world. Be sure and ask for ' Mr*.
W inflow's Soe-thlng nip. 2Cc a bottle. -••.--
TioTKI, tXBL COROXADO— Take advantaw^
of lh« round-trip tickets. Now only JSO by ""*
■t*«m»ht|>. tm-hulins fifteen days' board at
li.'til. lunttor ><tay $2 &fl per day. Apply at
4 N«w Montirtimcry street. San Francisco.
i DTUNK-"A BTEEPINQ' OF MOKI TEA BE
fora rrtirinK ■*t night; - and see . how souodly
> o« . win - »i«f ;. ii ml how joyously you will
ivwhKo in th.< naming. U supplies rood for th»
l)lO(xi while you rU>«>p, produces a ojear ami
timiuilCul. complexion, cures . constipation find
•lck X headache. - At No Percentage Pharmacy.WOULD BUILD A
CITY TO RIVAL
ROME OF OLD
Elaborate Plans of
Mrs. Hearst.
A PEERLESS SAN FRANCISCO
TAMOTJS ARCHITECTS TO DEVISE
A MASTERPIECE,
With Unequaled Possibilities, It Is
Hoped to Produce the Most
Beautiful City in the
World.
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, whose love for
California and all things Callfornlan Is
deep and broad, has found a fresh field
for her benefactions. If carried to Its
logical conclusion San Francisco, a city
■without a peer in all the wide, wide
•world as to location, will be archi
tecturally the most beautiful city on the
globe.
Bounded on the west by the broad
■waters of the Pacific Ocean and on the
north and on the east by the bay bearing
its name: diversified with noble hills and
under the shadow of Mount Diablo and
Mount Tamalpafs, it presents topo- ]
graphical possibilities that delight the I
architect striving for artistic effect.
Through the munificence of Mrs. Hearst '
the leading architects of all nations are
to be asked to submit plans, not neces
sarily one plan, which would make this,
the metropolis of the empire State of the
"West, the most modern and beautiful city
in all the world. The idea is a develop
ment of her propositions for the em
bellishment of the University of Cali
fornia, of which she is a regent. Noting
the necessities of the State's greatest
institution of learning and at the same
time, owing to its location, its possibili
ties as a setting for the brightest gems
of architecture, she determined that the
master minds of the world should design
the buildings that some day will shelter
the students of the State's seat of learn
ing. ..,-;, -  . ■
To carry out this great scheme she pro
vided a fund of $150,000, with which de
signs were to be procured from all the
great architects. Famous designers are
In this city studying the ground over
against the Alameda foothills and draw
ing inspiration from it for an ideal uni
versity. With the matchless view of the
Golden Gate in all Its varying moods,
from the early morning until the brilliant
coloring of the setting sun, they expect
to produce designs in keeping with the
surroundings.
Mrs. Hearst's present idea is merely an
amplification of t»us. Instead of calling
for designs for a building or series of
buildings she asks for designs for a city.
With all its natural advantages San
Francsico presents a grand field for the
display of architectural genius. The plans
of Mrs. Hearst, as superficially outlined 1
by her, are not for to-day nor to-morrow,
but for twenty, fifty years nence.
The plans would first call for improve
ment below the surface of iz.e streets to
the end that the healthfulness of the peo
ple might be secured for all time. This
would include all manner of conduits and
would be of the utmost importance in the
upbuilding of a modern metropolis.
The improvement of the city proper
would be on broad lines. It is not pre
sume! that designs would be submitted
for one building or for 100 buildings, but
for whole streets making harmony of
skyline and presenting an unbroken
front. This could not be brought about
in a day. It is contended, however, that
in twenty years of these wonderful times
more can be accomplished than in cen
turies of olden days. The development of
the city proper would present less for
midable obstacles than the buildings.
The water front affords opportunities
for a great boulevard: Golden Gate Park
has not attained its highest development
and other parks, as yet in the natural
state, can be made artistically beautiful
and restful to all the senses. Telegraph
Hill and Russian Hill, in the northern
portion of the city, and Rincon Hill in the
south, all present great possibilities from
the architects' point of view. There are
opportunities for boulevards throughout
the city which able architects will be
quick to note, and it is these suggestions
that are desired.
Regent J. B. Reinstein has caught the
spirit of Mrs. Hearst's ideas and ardently
longs for the development of this new
San Francisco. In responding to the
health of that good woman on Saturday
night he said in part:
We should attempt to formulate a plan now,
■while the city 1* young. We should have
en Meal for our city which would turn to best
advantage our picturesque hilltops and our
splendid harbor frontage. Mrs. Hearst had Sit
contemplation the establishment in the univer
sity of a department of architecture and en
gineering, where young men should be trained
specially for the carrying out of this ' plan
for the beautiflcation and fitness In every re
spect beneath and above the ground of this
city of ours.
So she proposes now the opening again ef a
■world-wide competition for the establishment
of a great plan for San Francisco, and urges
particularly those gentlemen who are visit
ing this city to take advantage of the occa
sion to study its possibilities.
In an interview yesterday Mr. Reinstein
eloquently enlarged upon the possibilities
of Mrs. Hearst's scheme. He repeated the
compliment he paid her at the banquet,
when he called her the first lady of the
land.
"In mentality and the power to grasp
great projects there is no woman on the
continent her equal," he said. "At the
forthcoming session of the Legislature the
new charter adopted by this city will he
ratified and will change our form of gov
ernment. With an intelligent Board of
Public Works, and given a plan under
which they can act intelligently, there is
no reason why this should not be the most
magnificent city in the world. Its pictur
esque location and the climatic conditions
in which its people live afford it great nat
ural advantages. It is the gateway to the
Orient, and with our possessions in the
Philippines has years of great prosperity
and possibilities before it."
Across the bay. nestling among the
foothills near Niles Canyon, is Verona, the
home of Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst. For
some years her manager has endeavored
to induce her to build an ornamental
gateway in keeping with the place. To all
his solicitations she has had but one an
swer. She could not afford the expense.
The woman whose contributions to char
ity have been enormous could not find it
in her heart to spend a small amount for
herself. Her thoughts are all for the good
of the people at large.
DANGER NOW REMOVED.
Wreckers Have Done Good Work on
Baldwin Walls.
The work of razing the walls of the
Baldwin Hotel continued yesterday,
though the force of wreckers was much
smaller than during the week. A con
siderable portion of the fifth story on the
Powell-street side was pulled down. The
crowd of onlookers was greater than it
lias been for several days past and the
detail of police had difficulty in keeping
the curious out of harms way. Thou
sands of persons who wished to take the
outward bound Powell-strr-et cars were
compelled to bo to the corner of klhs to
embark. Three police officers were sta
tioned at the turntable to enforce the
order, and they had their hands fu I.
Only one car at a time was permitted to
run down to the terminus and when the
wreckers were pulling on a mention of the
ied fp.ntuß* .-ill the cars were
stopped above the corner. So far not a
=inirlc person has been injured during the
tearing down of the dangerous wood-
fnrec of laborers will be put to
work to-day on and in the ruins. One
nan* will begin tearing down the firewall
hetw.-en the hotel and the annex. This has
to be done before the remainder of the
Market-street wall can be razed. Other
*angs will be at work pulling down the
Powell and Ellis-street walls. The
wreckers will place a donkey engine on
Market street to do the pulling ana Blx_
MRS. TRUETT DIED
OF A BROKEN HEART
(~\ t"T at her Twelfth-street home Mrs. Inex Truett lies dead of a broken
1 heart, and upon the six children, whom she hae left to mourn her, has
death of the mother the life of the father, E. M. Truett of the White
Sewing Machine Company, was cni6hed out by an elevator under the side
walk in front of the Y. M. C. A. building, on Ellis street. He had gone
to the basement to close the elevator doors and in some manner he be
came entangled In the never-too-certain machinery and two hours later his
crushed, bleeding body was carried home to the wife who awaited him.
And from that dread moment began her decline. All of the loving sym
pathy of her five daughters and of the faithful son, who was at her side in
the time of iher greatest sorrow, availed nothing. Her sorrow at the loss
of her husband, with whom she had fought through years of hardest adver
sity, and with whom she was only just ready to begin the enjoyment of
their years of labor and hardship, was not the grief that is soothed and
softened by tender condolence. There was but one solace, one lasting,
eternal relief, and that came to her peacefully on Saturday night, a week
almost to the hour, after the death of her husband.
To mourn her she leaves five daughters and two sons, one of whom, M.
S. Truett, is in New York, and has yet to hear of the bereavement that has
come to him. The daughters all reside in this city and were with their
mother at her death. They are Mrs. William F. Flynn, Mrs. J. C. Sepul
ba and Edith. Marian and Grace Truett. Her son, A. D. Truett, holds a
responsible position with Cluff & Co., the Front-street merchants.
Mrs. Truett was one of the pioneer women of the State. In the early
months of 1852 she left her New Orleans home and with her parents sailed
around the Horn for the new El Dorado. They settled in the mines, and it
was not until '58 that she met Mr. Truett, who had also come out in the
early '50s to dig his fortune out of the hills of the Sierras. Later in the
year they were married and ten years ago came to live at 132 Twelfth
street. Of late years the husband had been connected with the White
Sewing Machine people and had also managed a furniture establishment
of his own. By dint of hard work, in which his faithful ■wife was always
an equal sharer, he had built himself up a modest fortune, and was about
to leave business cares to his children for the enjoyment of his later
years, when fate's hand drew him to his untimely death. Into this the
wife has shortly followed, and to the children is left the example and the
profit of the years that were theirs.
Deceased was 53 years of age and a native of New Orleans. Inter
ment will take place on Wednesday afternoon at Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery.
cables are to be used on the upper por-
Uons of the walls which are too soh£ to
be hauled down by the hand crab, which
has been used heretofore. Just as soon
a" the top walls are down a couple of
hundred men and a score o f teams will
be employed in digging ou t an* cart*?,*
away the debris wh eh now fills the whole
frtofior of the ruined structure. The
wreckers now declare that all danger to
Ttreet-car and foot passengers on the
streets around the wreck has been re
moved.
THE FARRAGUT'S SUCCESS.
A Marked Contrast to Many Torpedo
Boats Built in Eastern fards.
The success of the Farragut in attaining
the high speed of over 30 knots ie another
! triumph for the contractors and a credit
\to the Pacific Coast. The new torpedo
' boat's achievement demonstrates the fact
< that the" mechanics in this city can turn
i out the best all-around war vessels, from
i the ponderous armored battle-ship of 10.
' 000 tons down to the comparatively small
i boat of 240 tons, of any in the country.
! There is a vast difference between these
; two extremes of war vessels specified, and
especially in their machinery. The Ore
gon's motive power weighs 1009 tons and
\ developed 11.111 horsepower, giving eleven
hor?<-~<vwer to each ton, while in the Far
ragut the weight is only 120 tons, but the
horsepower about 5600— 0r one-half that of
i the Oregon— which shows nearly flfty
! horsepower per ton weight of engines and
! boilers. It is obvious that in order to ob
' tain so large a power from so small a
: quantity of material the design must be
perfect and the material and workman-
I 'inotSTa'iiM for felicitation is that the
! Farraput came v- to the requirements on
! her second official trial, and that no se
rious accidents on her builder's trial nor
: on the first official effort have raised any
doubt a" to the craffs future usefulness. ;
Eastern builders have not been so fortu
nate a"d none of their boats have "lipped
into the navy so easily as did the San j
talle shows the torpedo- i
boats built for and accepted in the navy
Several more are long overdue from the ,
contractors, some of tnem yet undergoing
trials and others still untried:
fNITED STATES TORPEDO BOAT FLEET.
Si
. P
Ericsson
Cushtng
Davis
l>u Pont ••••
Farragut
Foote •••"
Gwln
McKee
Morris
Porter
Rogers •
Talbot
120
105
132
165
240
142
45
73 I
9S !
165
143 I
46
137 I
24
22
22.5
27.5
30
24.53
20
20 •
22.5
27.5
24.5
20
24.5
23
22.5
23.5
28.58
30.15
24.53
20.88
19.8
24
25.68
24.9
21.15
24.82
' 81,546
i 144.000
' 227,500
97.500
39.000
45.000
85.000
144.000
97.500
39.000
I 97.600
Wlnslow
The trial speeds of the Ericsson, Davis
and Farragut are the unofficial figures.
As to the records of these thirteen
boats, that of the Farragut is the most
satisfactory in having run its race with
only one mistrial. The Hereshoff Bros
at Bristol. R. L. veteran builders of the
fastest small steam craft in this country,
built the Cushing, Dv Pont. Gwin Morris,
Porter and Talbot. and some of these
boats had several unsuccessful trials. The
Gushing and Dv Pont had three trials, and
the Porter developed defects after pre
liminary acceptance, which had to be
made good. The Ericsson, built at Du
buque, lowa, made half a dozen vain at
tempts to reach her contract speed and
was finally accepted. The Foote, McKee.
Rodgers and Winslow were built at Bal
timore. On the first trial of the Foote
three men were scalded, and on the second
effort she slipped into the service. The
Rodgers required five trials, during one of
which bursted tubes scalded five men, and
during two prior attempts to reach the
required speed the machinery broke down.
The McKee was accepted during the late
war without coming up to the contract.
The sad accident of the Davis, built at
Portland, when seven men were scalded
to death, was followed by a second suc
r^ppful trial. The Mackenzie, built by
Hillman. Philadelphia, is not yet accepted.
Her first trial resulted tn the scalding of
four men and a bad break in the machin
ery, and she has not yet come forward
for another endeavor to get up to the
contract speed.
Accidents to torpedo boats while trying
to come up to the requirements are by no
means confined to this country alone, and
some pretty bad casualties to men and
breakdowns of machinery occur abroad;
but It is a matter of much gratification
that in the first attempt to produce such
a phenomenally. speedy craft as the Far
ragut no accidents whatever have oc
curred.
LIEUTENANT NOLAN ILL.
The Tacoma Will Sail for Manila
With Mules This Week.
The many friends of First Lieutenant '
James Nolan of the Fourth ' Cavalry will !
be sorry to learn that he is dangerously i
ill with .- pneumonia at , j the Presidio. !
Lieutenant Nolan contracted a severe '
cold some time ago and neglected to take '
the proper care of himself. On Wednes- i
day he was forced to take to his bed and I
has been in , a dangerous , condition evei
since. He is being attended by Surgeon >
Major Moseley, U. S. A., and a specialist I
from the city. At present he has a I
trained nurse in attendance and every- '
thing possible is being done for him. His I
physicians hope for the best, and yester- !
day they considered that -there ' was 5 a '
silent improvement in his 'condition. ,.. ■ -,
The transport Taooma will . probably
sail for Manila this week with 100 j
mules .on board. -At Honolulu ninety i
more of the animals will be taken .
on The expedition will be under the !
command of First Lieutenant O'Shea
of the . Fourth Cavalry. The •■ Tacoma ]
has been • at • the - Union Iron Works
for the past two -months being fitted out j
for ■ the voyage. One » trip has already ]
been made by the vessel to Manila with
horses and mules. Lieutenant ', Cameron j
of the Fourth Cavalry was : then in com-
Private Hills . of the Seventh Regiment, !
who was left behind when his command
went away, died in the division. field hos- j
pital yesterday of , : a complication of dis- {
eases. He had 'been; sick for a long time. j
f ..- ..',;. .:--■"' " '/»'■; ',_., * r '"J "•>'"-:/;■■•'•■."
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam- I
ple Ir«*. ' Address Anake«ia. New Tori*. • J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1898.
BAY PIRATES
PROFITABLY
RAID A SCOW
Left Only a Pair of
Trousers.
TOMCAT DEWEY SAVED THEM
A GOOD DAY ON THE BAY FOR
LOST ANCHORS.
Again the New Ferry Wharf Destroy
er Berkeley Opens War on
the Files of Her
Slip.
The United States transport Tacoma. a
sailing ship used to carry livestock for
the Government, has been refitted/till she
is a floating palace stable, with all the
modern Improvements. Electric lights for
Illumination; electric fans and blasts for
driving pure air among the horses and
mules far down between decks, padded
stalls for the protection of the animals
when the ship tosses on the stormy seas;
little grain cars that run along their tiny
track between the rows of stalls, carry
ing to each horse his twelve pounds of
hay and two quarts of oats per day; can
vas hammocks, which are slung under
the horse and the halyards made taut to
support him when he is weary of stand
ing or is seasick.
The Tacoma came yesterday morning
from the Union Iron Works and is now
moored at Beale-street wharf.
In her former trip to Honolulu the cargo
of horses suffered considerably from heat
and the rolling of the vessel. Then dark
ness of their quarters also contributed to
their discomfort and uneasiness. Now,
for the next trip a perfect system runs
through the whole vessel. The 200 stalls
are about three feet wide, just sufficient
: room for the animal to stand in one posl
j tion, but he has his hammock which will
■ support his body when it is his watch be
j low. The upper stalls are lighted by large
I windows, but those on the lower deck
I are provided with electric lamps. During
i calm days the animals will be exercised
I on deck.
Connected with the Tacoma are twenty
eight soldiers of the Fourth United States
Cavalry and thirteen packers, under com
mand of Lieutenant Shay, U. S. A. In
about ten days the ship will sail for
Manila with 200 mules on hoard.
As a result of the fire on board the
ship Shenandoah it is found that consid
erable damage was done, the wooden lin
ing of the lower hold having^ been burned
out.
Some time Saturday night the scow
Witch of the Bay was entered by un
known visitors and her cabin despoiled of
everything portable except the cook's
trousers. That officer explains the sav
ing of this article of his wardrobe by the
fact that his black cat, Dewey, a frightful
looking feline, whom nobody dare tackle,
was sleeping on them. Captain Hedge lost
$1 10 and his clothing. Mate Peterson was
relieved of his uniform and his purse con
taining 65 cents, while Cook Rube is out
$4 50 and all of his fine raiment except the
unmentionables referred to.
Yesterday Captain Whitelaw made a
good drag haul. It was the bower anchor
of the Italian cruiser Etna, which she
lost while unmooring ship a few days ago.
It Is of cast steel, weighing three tons,
and worth over $1000. Attached to it are
thirty fathoms of chain worth about $600.
The schooner W. F. Jewett did a little
fishing on her own account while getting
up anchor off Meiggs Wharf Saturday
afternoon. The weight of their anchor and
chain appalled the laboring crew. The
winch groaned and creaked as the usually
light mud hook slowly came up. When
it was in sight the mystery was explain
ed. Their anchor had dug up a companion
from the mud of the bay and had brought
it to the surface. With Its ten fathoms
of chain it weighed about 2000 pounds and
had evidently been lost a long time.
The new ferry boat Berkeley had an
other setto with her slip-piles Saturday
night. She was coming In with a huge
load of passengers about 8 o'clock, and
on nearing the landing on this side the
passengers! crowded on to the forward
end of the feoat. This lifted the after ena,
hoisting the then acting rudder sufficient
ly out of the water to render the vessel
unmanageable. She ducked her head low
like an enraged bull and charged the out
er point of the slip, clipping about a dozen
piles off close to the water's edge.
INFLUENCE OF THE HOME.
Eloquent Address at St. Mary's
' Church by Rev. J. McCorry. *.;
' "The Corner-stone of the Republic," was
the subject ; which the ' Rev. ; J. McCorry
chose for an eloquent sermon last evening
at St. Mary's ■ Church. The preacher in
expanding the text cited the home as the
great social organization •; upon which the
destiny of the l entire nation -; rests.
"In the home." he said. "Is found the
truest sympathy. From *it ' emanates the
love of country 9 which ' characterizes -' the
nation, both individually and collectively/;
The internal discords . in ; France - were
pointed to as the outcome of ;a' lack of
patriotism which should be engendered In
the home, r From ' its \ total ; absence the
Government ' is continually - racked I. with
anarchy, murder and 5. moral ■ and ~ mental
depravity, v . 'r^TOHBBP*JS r |*Sf fK ' . *- : .";
-< "The great safeguard of nations jp not
in standing armies and superbly equipped
navies; the best and the greatest fortress
is the door of the home."
The " lecture was *.: concluded r with a
: touching :; description ?. of r: the r, futility '■ of
earthly » ambition r for ( the 5 consummation
of ■; earthly :. goods. ; A description of hl» {
early boyhood, the devastation caused by
the "Great Reaper" among his friends
and relatives, formed the closing of one
of the most eloquent addresses ever de
livered within the historic old church.
BROOMHANDLE ARGUMENT.
Henry Moeckel Hits Henry Marcus
Because Ho Would Sing.
Martin Marcus is a baker and also fan
cies he is a singer. A few nights ago he
obtained employment in a bakery on
Jones and O'Farrell streets, and during
the early hours of the morning would
give full play to his vocal powers. The
neighbors complained to his employer
that their slumbers were disturbed by the
noise made by Marcus, and Saturday
night the foreman. Henry Moeckel. was
Instructed to stop Marcus in his vocaliza
tion.
About 4 o'clock yesterday morning Mar
cus burst forth in song and Moeckel told
him to "shut up." Marcus declined, and
they began calling each other offensive
names. Then a fight was in order, and
Moeckel armed himself with a broom
handle, while Marcus drew his knife.
Moeckel hit Marcus on the head with the
broomhandle and Marcus slashed Moeckel
on each arm, but only succeeded In mak
ing a scratch.
Marcus was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the patrol wagon and Dr.
Zobel found that his skull was slightly
fractured. Moeckel was arrested by Po
liceman Prowse and locked up in the City
Prison on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. He was released yester
day afternoon on $500 bonds accepted by
Judge Low. He claims self-defense.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bugh and Larkln sts. Swimming, Hue. lan. hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater clrect from ocean.
Glen Park Attractions.
Several thousand people visited Glen
Park yesterday. The attractions in the
vaudeville theater were well attended
and were exceptionally good. On the pro
gramme were the names of Master Ray
mond, "the Yellow Kid" of "Hogan's
Alley"; the Marrillias, in their Irish com
edy sketch; Idaline, the world renowned
dancer; Edward O'Connor, the Irish co
median; Whelan and Lynton, in their
great success. "Life's Lights and Shad
ows"; the Leons. in a double trapeze act,
and the "Troy Trio, the world's famous
fire kings." An intermission occurred in
the programme, during which time Toney
Ryan, the mad musician, entertained in
the new cafe. The balloon ascension and
parachute jump by Professor Conlon was,
as usual, successfully accomplished.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
_ We will place on sale this week a full
line 'of Lebenbaum's terra-cotta color
steel-enameled ware. Ware made with
an acid-proof lining, and combin-
ing all the good qualities of the im-
ported with others distinctly its own.
Light and exceedingly durable, we guar-
antee (it to last for years in ordinary
usage. Will not chip, scale or warp and
price is no higher than the ordinary
kind. See window display.
SPBGIAIi
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
. TEA f 10 kinds Regularly
40c Ib. / COca pound.
Xmas Tree Ormments
• ■ \ "Clpar Lakes" brand ;
STRING BEANS I young, tender, having
2_._. *-_ -»-_ > the flavor and color
cans for -25c for fresh Regularly
' 15c. can -
Bon-bons and dinner favors. . .
CADnmcc > Imported French, M
bAKIJIISES . , f tins, good fish in pure
3 cans for 25c C oiwe oil. ' Usually
LJcbenbaum's Terra Cotta Enameled Ware ■
Ital | an Prunes ) t.^^.lfhy o .^:
4 lbs. for 25c ( Regularly 3 lbs. for
. . --. ) 25c. : -.- -.. .» . -..
■ . ' German Honey Coke now in
CASTILE SOAP French-Made from
;- 25c har > olive oil. lathers well.
' C Dar C Regularly 30c.
NEW HOLIDAY GOODS:
OAUFFRETTES (sujrar MAMMO TH pecans
■wafers filled with ■ Bolt shell. - ' •
choice fruits. OR.ANQKS from Placer
JOCKEY CLUB choco-j County.
J late wafers-the latest MALAGA raisins.
Parisian food creation JORDAN Almonds,
fIARZIPAN- great aOOSE-BREASTS.
variety. APPETIT SILD.
HEALTH ZWIEBACK KEILLER SPROTTEN
LOWNEY Pig Con- LIVE SNAlLS -
fiture. . ENGLISH Dinner Bis-
DATES, stuffed with cuits.
pecans. Wa 1n v t s.IENOLISH Opera Waf-
Almonds. - ers.
Lebenbaum's Steel Enameled Ware '■■■
riiri iTivr! i .Chalmer's — unsur-
UfcLAniNE f passed for purity,
3 pkgs. 25c L strengthand economy
) Regularly 12>4c pkg. ,
French and German Wines
DfkD <t»dm ).• Regularly fc. Ib. -
POP CORN ( Shelled, (lold nights
S£S 7 lbs. 25c L —big fire— Hot Scotch
- -)■-— popcorn. Great fun.
New Importations of Havana & Key West Cigars
Wood Alcohol } For burning purposes
. Bottle, 40c. > onl J"- Regularly 13c.
Gallon, $1.23 i bottle; $1.50 gallon.
New Glace Fruits now in
I \ "Rosswick" Blend- of
I Glenlivet and the
' I mont famonß old High-
Scotch Whlskevl land Whiskies, cora-
■R««ir-i ifn y }"Rosswick" Blend of
Olenlivet and the
most fnmntiK old High-
tSUSSfrSE
. UOttle 1. 00 i and flavor such as age
land skillful blending
I alone can give. ' Reg-
J ularly 11.25
nifiore the smoker and his needs commands
Uiyoio our special attention. New ' goods
arriving daily. Buy here— and as yon whiff
—the consciousness of perfect quality at low-
est price will make the f*noke more pleasing.
SlnnilP Beautiful Xmas edition, contain-
JfIIOIUyUC "ing Xmas song with music—
mailed free. ; ''■■/••■? i .-
FOR THE HOLIDAYS
Large and Well-
. Assorted Stock of
OPERA GLASSES, FIELD GLASSES,
LORGNETTES, OPERA - i GLASS
BAGS, ; GOLD SPECS AND EYE-
GLASSES. _v_
PRICES WITHIN* REACH OF EVERT ONE.
OPEN EVENINGS, ■ Beginning December' 12.
14 and 16 Kearny St.
/^^^^T^a l^^^ tm rv EDO
i ' 'm'f?' IYI si Bff O
jSif *^=g^*|S Specialists for Men
'C^i * *fr^sy Itcll^ TtM " P h y»*»l»in have bHD
vmlfc ■ r*~M.^ XS?\ vnknen aud cnn-'i
■ \\ hPa i l'» —■''.' -"'^S s tr » l^« < ' »Hm«iU «tnce 1881.*-
\JOfb I yGi#^*S vH«J tut** the Urceit »nd
■ «^^K ■^^lUltMsiNLvS'^ rnfortnnit* men wlio c»n-
' tim\ l^v! R'SmhßJSs nnt "" * hovM WTlu for * a "
ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. '^^ I f JES^^LL
Thouitnni cured at borne.
Ail letter* confidential. ; No Charge for Consultation.
I .731 SAN FBi> CISCO Elev tor Entrance. j
•• < -,-••-. ADVERTISEMENTS. (■'..:, ' " hJ ■ ■'.. :^ Ul?***'
® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®.® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®.®'®
© .A New Serial Story by y " I
I RUDYARD KIPLING 1
fa ■■-"'.'■ /^.^^v'?; ' - . . ' .-" -■. '-';, ■'■'";/.-' :..... ®
. Rudyard Kipling has written a -_-■.. -■, •■- —-—-——•■. ' This serial consists of a series ®
5 new serial story for McCLURE'S " :. fSSllilllPiP^iS^^ i ' -of . dashing stories, each complete
® MAPA7IVF railed '"' ; f W&WmM^%@^M&$ HP ~ in itself-Slorles ot Boy In- >T
® MAGAZINE, called y^||i|l^^^^S lßlS ' • trl « ue ' Strate ST and l>«r- ®
5 A - . . -^-^- « «,«. ' JSP *'■%' : ;^#M^«l»|iw '' in «* The are, moreover, sig'- Z,
1 STALKY & co. j m^iflHi %Z'Z£Z£2 L \2Z£. ; •
[® -■ „ ■■ ,_, .■ w I ||f , S^^^V^^^fe|Mffl«fi»i in » — the men who lead armies ®
® The chief ha aCt r in th 3 I*, | tfj^jJfcMF.- Will and govern provinces. The boys ®
, V splendid serial of schoolboy life || ; ik^jSl^^pi^ll ! are strong, adventurous, plucky. ®
!® are "Stalky." McTurk and Beetle, . ii^nH^K| fighting boys-the strength and ®
t ll G m K re< i Ad 7 entu "- er \ of I - V , zMMfr^_ Promise of the Anglo-Saxon race, g
© the School, a trio such as has | |||||^ %M^ : >®g&M/ The flrst chapter or episode re ®
® never before been presented in ilfpi^ v / lates how "Stalky" got his name. ®
fiction. Though resourceful in | MfT ' 4 P>^ | and will appear in the December ® '
I V mischief, they are honest, manly • \)J I I 4' number. The successive stories ®
® — the most real, the most (if i "* that follow from month to month ®
I ® likeable," the Best Boy a Since V '■ I \ %' relate other : escapades, and ad- ®
® Tom Brown. . l ' • I ventures of the dauntless three. ®
® ■■.:.'■ ■■■•-■-: - .. ".■X- v V^;i-:-, - : ,-;<•.. - ;•■; . M; ;■ (8)
® ••STALKY A CO.'». will be Splendidly *I,I.USTIt ITED by RAVE.X.HI 1.1,, the well-known )r
0 English artist. In addition to being a master in black and white Mr. Raven-Hill is personally familiar with the ■<■$>
school life and scenes of these stories, and Is an enthusiastic admirer of Kipling's works. ®
® ■■.-. -...This serial begins in the UJbCILUBLU iMJMIIiiK of ' ®
1 McCLURE'S MAGAZINE!
® ®
® Now on Sale Everywhere ®
I One Yean for Only $1.00 10 Cents a Copy 1
I THE S. S. McCLURE CO., New York City. ' -|j
: ®@® ® ® .'© ®®®®® © © © ® ® '© ®■ ® ® ®.® ®®©©© © © ® ® ® ® ,® ®® ®©©®©©©©©©®®®® ® ® ©0 .
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
A . GENEROUS COMIC FEAST. •
. CHAS. E. BIiANET S
BIG EXTRAVAGANZA SUCCESS,
A Boy Wanted
A Modern Conception of Comedy Happily .
■" - , Fashioned. • •
•I'-vX" - GRIM LAUGHING IDEAS.
PR1CE5........' XSc, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c
NEXT 5UNDAT..:...'..."... T ....r....DAN SULLY
NOTE— Gottlob. Marx & Co. announce to their
local " patrons who were unable -to witness
"SECRET SERVICE" in this city, that Mr.
Gillette is to appear at ■ the ; Macdonough The- I
ater in Oakland next Thursday and Friday.
Leave orders for seats at Columbia. .'
GOLUMBI A_THEATER
SECOND AND LAST WEEK. ,
! The Unsurpassed : Success,
. KOSTER & BIALS -
:<:: <: : . Farcical Extravaganza Hit, ■
GAYEST
MANHATTAN.
ALL THE FAVORITES! .
ARTISTS'. DANCERS! '
COMEDIANS! SINGERS!
The Original Magnificent . Scenery!
.■ i; The j Costly. Elaborate Costumes!
Entire and Absolute Change of Specialties!
December 1&-"A PARLOR MATCH."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
. SEATS BY PHONE MAIN 23*.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK-
' ' MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
DOUBLE COMEDY PROGRAMME.
The Private
Secretary. '■
Preceded by Louise Velller*» One Act Com-
edietta, yfiJ>~C
KEEPING UP APPEARANCES.
PRICES: 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week— "ALABAMA."- ;^,',,
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mr*. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Ugr.
THIS EVENING AT 8 ' PRECISELY.
"'•-'-: Edmond Rostand's Romantic v Play,
CYRANO
DE
BERGERAC!
SUPERB CAST.
Splendid Scenery. Appropriate Accessories.
A Perfect Production' In Every Detail."
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY.
Next . . ....:..................... ".'THE MASCOT."
Popular Price 5..........".' ......25c and 50c
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee.... ........... 25c
■■ .-Our Telephone, Bush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A Big, Bright Bill in the Free Theater!
See CONGO, the Gorilla Man; JOE STORMS
JR., Orang-Outang, , and SALLY, Chimpanzee.
EVERY THURSDAY, AMATEUR NIGHT.
: ° ' - -■■.-:, -.-.■ - - - -' ""— i
10c including Zoo and Theater; Children, 6c;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c.
MAUD GAGE, the Premier Whistler; OMNE,
• Japanese Lady Magician; JACK ROBIN-
SON and ' CLAIRE -FEX, the ■ Diminutive
Duo; CONCHITA, the Universal Favorite;
LOLA ASHLEY. Marvelous Equilibrist: H.
L. RHORER, Barytone, With Moving Pic-
I . tures. ..-■■' J- - , ' •''"''■ '- ■' ■•".'.' "■-'■■:■ -. •
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter ■ Meeting * 1898-99, beginning MONDAY,
Nov. 28. to SATURDAY. Dec. 10. Inclusive. .
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. . Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
V^.V- Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp. ■ .
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
11:80, 1, 1:30, I, 2:30 and '3 ■ p. ' m. : connecting
with trains -,- stopping at i the entrance to the
Track T Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave ; the = Track at 4:16
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
< THOS. H. WILLIAMS 'H.. President. ;
■ R. B. ■ MILROY. Secretary. -':■? ■'■
r CONCEBTS AND BJBSCBTl?.
SUTRQvBATHST"
Opon Daily from 7 A. N. to 6 P. M.
;: Bnthinft from 7!A. M. to 5 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c - - - >■■• CHILDREN Sj
• Bathing, with admission. 2Sc; children. 20c. .
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1.50 per Year.
_ - AMUSEMENTS.
EXTRAORDINARY ENGAGEMENT,
MME. CAMILLA URSO,
WORLD FAMOUS VIOLIXISTE.
The Sensation of the Day,
PAUL BATTY'S ACROBATIC BEARS.
BAKER. SELLERY AND BARTLETT, Com-
edy Sketch Trio. •■ : -
ARNESON, Premiere Equilibrist.
HARRY ATKINSON.; Musical Imitator.
JOE FLYNN, Monologulst.
EMMA CARTS. < -Barytone. >-,•:--:_:.
LILLIE WESTERN, Instrumentalist.
WILSON FAMILY. New Comedy.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c. ■ . - .
MOROSCO'S GRAND
V alike Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
THIS EVENING AT 8.
First Production in This City of
BLACKLISTED !
SONGS, DANCES, SPECIALTIES !
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 25c. 50c
.Seats on Sale at Box Office and Main Floor
Emperium. ; ■ .
STATEMENT
-—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE— •
TJHSFIOI*"
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. ID. 1597, and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State ol California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner. ■■ J '- - ■
capital: ,X:-.
Amount. of capital stock; paid up
In cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $160,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages...... 9,900 00
Cash market value" of all stocks and
bonds owned by company.... 382,264 25
Amount <■ of. loans secured :by pledge '
of bonds, stocks and other market- ■
• able securities as ; collateral 24,509 75
Cash in company's office.. — ....... 4,93241
Cash in banks ..........:.......... 18,485 16
Interest ' due and accrued on all >>••.-■
. stocks and i 10an5...... .......:... 200 00.
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages.. ...: 97 50
Premiums in due course of collection 65,960 67
Bills : receivable, not matured, ■ taken
for fire and : marine risks — ..:...: 1.000 00
Cash • in ■ hands of - managers, San
Francisco 10,772 74
Due from perpetual . insurance on •
building .......:.................. 742 50
Total assets....... $678,884 98
<:; :/ ■ - LIABILITIES.
Losses * adjusted and unpaid ...'....... $12,857 38
Losses ' in process of • adjustment ' or
in suspense ........ '27,057 63
Losses resisted. Including expenses. -'. 160 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
." ning one : year or less, - $231,032 34 ;
reinsurance 50 per cent — 115,516 17
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $157,163 91;
- reinsurance pro rata . — ...."."..... .98,785 56
Amount reclaimable by the insured
•on > perpetual fire insurance policies 83,020 33
All other demands against the com- ' <-•".
pany .:........... ........:...... 19.094 64
Total 1iabi1itie5.......... $308,491 77
INCOME, r. 
Net j cash ' actually ' received for fire j?■ \ ft
premiums $297,712 97
Received for Interest on bonds . and ■■- ■■-,■*■
mortgages. — . 495 00
Received for ■ Interest and dividends •
on bonds,- stocks, loans and from ,
all other sources — ......... 19,188 57
Received for rent5........ ..r....v 2.209 98
" Total Income 1..:.....:...."..... $319,606 32
„ . EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $25,552 49, losses of -pre-,
vious year 5).......:... $155.144 58
Dividends, to 5t0ckh01der5.':.:......... 13.659 44
Paid or allowed for commission or -
brokerage ............. ...:;.» . 61.287 50
Paid for salaries, fees and ; other
charges for officers. 1 clerks, -etc.... . 36.556 CO
Paid . for ■ State, , national : and local
taxes (. .":. ......."..... 10.15807
All " other payments . and expendi-
tures 1 .■■■.... ..............:.. ...y.... 29.1.8 67.
Total expenditures....;.. — ..'.....: $30<!.014 86
■....- ■ ■■: - -- ■. '. .'■.""> :' ■ FlreT
Losses incurred during the year.:.... $158,126 71
.. Risks and ; Premiums. ; Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- :
ten during the year....' .$33,046,778 $361,415 05
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. ■; 31,650,499 ." 358.324 73
Net amount In force De- *:>■■•■■ ■>■'■ '-•'" .
cember 31.1597.......... 3S. 562. 938 ; 418.196 25
:- ' - C. S. ' HOLLINSHEAD. - President. '■
■ E. R. DANNELS. Secretary. ;
Subscribed ■ and sworn to . before me this 25th
day of January. 1898. * - : ' ■■> ■■'"--. ~ .- ■
■ RICHD. H. REILLY, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
, ' ' SAN FRANCISCO. '
. T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
; R. W. OSBORN. Assistant Manager. :
lA/. X. ; HESS, ";
. ROTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOKNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus ! Spreckels Bldg.
;■;:■ Telephone Brown 931. - r.- - :'. ■ ■■> .-,-
. Residence, 821 California St., below ; Powell.
San Francisco. >"•■■• • -
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEES— SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
The Greatest of All Swedish Comedy Successes^
OLE OLSON.
WITH NEW FEATURES.
UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
AND A GREAT COMEDY CAST.
Including
MISS ST. GEORGE HUSBET— — — «
Evening Prices 15c, 25c, 35c, 50a
Matinee Prices 15c and 250
SEATS ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE AND EMi
PORIUM.
Next Monday
BIG SENSATION SHOW.
"SOUTH BEFORE THE WAR."
MECHANICS' PAVILION
GRAND OFFICIAL OPENING
CHARITY BAZAAR
AND
CALIFORNIA MUSICAL CONTEST
MONDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 5.
\ BIG CONCERT! Brandt's Foil Orchestra
NUMEROUS SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS.
ADMISSION 25c.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Pennsylvania Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1597. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
[ provisions of sections 610 and 811 of the Political
i Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th«
I Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash WOO.OOt N
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $153.500 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 929,600 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 8,499,915 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
i able securities as collateral (9,856 00
'• Cash in company's office 1,183 W
: Cash in banks 160,499 25
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 729 57
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 18,885 N
Premiums in due course of collection 246,117 II
Total assets $6,100,284 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 854,111 M
i Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense IS9.T7J 91
! Losses resisted. Including expenses. 13.7J4 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,535,703 73;
reinsurance 50 per cent 7(7,85187
Gros« premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,368,-
640 31; reinsurance pro rata (99,852 H
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 823,238 41
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 4,000 00
Total liabilities 82,502,560 21
INCOME.
i Net cash actually received for Ore
premiums $1,724,1* 95
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 42,3(8 51
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 1(0,811 (7
Received for rents 2.09$ 00
Total income 11,929,405 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire loss<« $897.216 80
Dividends to stockholders 80,000 00
Paid cr allowed for commission or
bmkerage 404.10110
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 131,378 0»
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ••■ 45,887 04
All other payments and expendi-
tures 64,142 26
Total expenditures 81,622.725 41
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $942.368 X
~~Rlsks and Premiums. Ftreßlska. Premiums.
I Net amount of risks wrlt-
! ten during the year.... $224,993,253 $2,216,195 47
i Net amount of risks ex-
! pired during the year.. 191.507.222 2.050.565 04
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597 833,094.764 1.904.344 H
rTdaLE BENSON. President.
W GARDNER CROWELL, Secretary-
Subscribed and 'sworn to before me this 17th
day of January, l£p. GEO. «W. HUNT.
Commissioner for California.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
T. EDWARD POPE. Manager.
R. W. OSBORN. Assistant Manager.
tIERCE'S
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
R WEAK WOMEN.
56
A FEW PUPILS,
BUT A LOT OF
PEDAGOGUES
Night School Jobs Are
Sinecures.
DIRECTORS MEET -TO-DAY
THE GRAND JITBY ANTICIPATES
MORE JOBBERY.
Expects That an Attempt Will Be j
Made to Railroad a List of
"Subs" Into the Depart
ment.
The Board of Education wfli assemble
in regular meeting: again this afternoon
to s^e what can be acne for sidetracked
substitutes and other .matters. The red
hot tirade of Director .Gallagher against
Grand Juryman Irving. In which Gal- j
laßhor found fault with Oie Grand Jury ■
for dipping uninvltedly into School Board j
rottenness, had the. effect orf standing off j
the proposed job until a more propitious
lime, and it is thought that this after
noons meeting may develop something in
teresting. With that contingency in vi. w
Mr. Irving proposes to be present at this
afternoon's meeting, and the indignant
Gallagher will not require the medium of
the newspapers to make his opinions J
known. :
It is likely that the first Jegal action of
the combined teachers will l»e taken to
day toward forcing the board to rescind ;
;ion holding back November pay. A ,
delegation of the merchants fr.^m whom ,
Director Bantel has purchased extra fur- j
niture amounting to a number of thou- i
Funds of dollars will also be on .hand to .'
see and ask what there will be lef\ in the
iry to satisfy their claims and out
standing commissions.
For a goodly portion of the overs took
of supplies now on hand no bills fc aye
been sent in to the department and no ac- i
count appears on the bill books. Ev\°n ]
the Directors cannot understand why this |
is so, and at the meeting of last Wednes- ]
day Bantel was asked to furnish state- ■
me'nts. He declined to do so, and the \
made a peremptory demand,, to \
which Bantel in reply consigned them all I
to a hotter locality. The Grand Jury j
made the same demand upon him
and has got* in return the same satisfac
tion, and, giving up hope of getting
- in any outer way. the experts are
resent making the rounds of the
pchools checking up the principals' requi
sitions with the furniture and supplies on
According to the expert's report the d€-
Octt which the present board will leav» to
us Bucceroor amounts to nearly ISQG.trw.
As an excuse for this enormous short-tgxr i
th« L'ircotois— all but Waller— are eiv.ro- V
in,,' that there was a shortage of 010.000 |
when iHfly came into office. Waller s: ys
It was $105,000. As a matter of fact, the
expert's investigation Into the oooks has
e'eveuped the fact that the sho.'.age
amounted to only $6000, and that there was
money available in different fund* to
more than cover that.
I pon the list of appointees that it is '
expected will make Us appearance to-day
the jury has- fixed its attention. It is
Btmngly suspected that one or all of the
young ladies who paid $50 each for ad
copies of the teachers' examination
questions will be railroaded through for
the position which has been paid for,
and it is this sextet that the jury is after.
There is one important phase of the
general crookedness that characteriees
the last of the year's transactions of the
School Board that the jury has not yet
thoroughly investigated, but which will be
tak.-'ii up fully before the searchlight is
turned off for the season. It Is the ques
tion of night schools. From figures ob
tained it is developed that there is in at
tendance at the night schools an average
of six pupils to each teacher. The young
idea that is taught to shot by the light
of the midnight oil is given everything
thßt comprises the day curriculum, but
the only class that is sufficiently well at
tended to warrant the expense that these
institutions are to the city is the class
In mathematics.
The fact that it requires one teacher
to Instruct six pupils, docs not become
patent upon reading the reports that are
sent in to the department by the princi
pals. The attendance is reported on an
expanded ratio. If there be six present
at the evening's roll call, a thriving at
tendance of thirty or more is written into
the regular reports, and the deception be
i-'imps a part of the records upon which
the school expenditures are based. This
condition of affairs has been in existence i
almost since the night school system was
inaugurated as a part of the plan of
legalized Jobbery. There Is some exnif
for the principals and teachers who turn
in the fraudulent reports. Some of them '
have paid a good fee for their jobs and
a complete attendance is necessary In
order that they may hold them. The di
rectors demand that the attendance be
kept up at any cost, as the night schools
compri^' their most profitable channel
of expenditure. If it transpires that the
day school does not need and cannot be
convinced that it needs one of Director
Bantel's numerous donations of furni
ture or supplies, the stuff is fired into the i
night school and so accounted lor. If the I
day schools do not need one of Director
Hammonds patent tin roofs the night
school probably does, and Director Ham
mond's patriotism in serving the public
without a salary is again fitly rewarded
Hammond's I^arkin-street tin roofing
agency, by the way. and the fat con
tracts that have found their way there
from the department, are other things
that the jury has in its mind's eye as
possibly being fruitful propositions for
Investigation.
To-day, however, all Interest is centered I
in the regular meeting, as It Is strongly
surmised that it is to be held for Irregu
lar purposes, and Interesting develop
ments are looked for.
THE SUNDAY PAPERS.
H-ev. E. A. Woods Lectures on the
Supplement question.
At the First Baptist Church last night
R< v. E. A. Woods delivered a lecture on
'•The Sunday Papers." He deplored the
magnitude of the weekly supplements, yet
confessed the inability of any one, lay or
secular, to alter the state of affairs. "I
do not intend to butt my head against a
stone wall." said he, "for the Sunday
supplement has come to stay. It com
menced twenty years ago and has been
growing year by year. An improvement
has certainly been effected and in its evo
lution toward a safer goal we may hope
for progw."
Degree of Pocahout .b.
Xext Thursday night Pocahontas Coun
cil will give an entertainment and cake
walk in Laurel Hall of the Shlels build
ing, and it Is expected that there will be
a programme that will delight the many
friends of this council.
The Daughters of Montezuma will give
a go-as-you-please card party and dance
this evening in Washington Hall Red
lion's building, on Post Street.
The Orpheum's Omaha House.
The Creighton Theater of Omaha
open« 4 last Saturday night under the man
agement of the Walter Orpheum Com
pany of this city. The house is now
known as the Crelghton-Orpheum. Last
night Morris Meyerfelt received a tele
gram stating that the house opened with
great success and that the show made a
phenomenal hit. The house is sold out
days in advance. Maude Courtney, the
vocalist, who has made such a hit here
will leave to-day to open at Omaha next
week. The Creighlon-Orpheum will play
all the Orpheum circuit attractions, cut
ting one week off the engagement at the
San Francisco house.
You will find the latest things la wall
pacer at Clark'*, esj Market street. % -\ • .• ;
A RAID ON BEER AND STOUT.
Daniel Tweedie's Bottling Establishment on Eighth Street Broken
• Into and Looted by a Gang of Boys.
THERE was high revelry in the
neighborhood of Harrison and
Eighth streets yesterday morn
ing and for hours three police
men were kept busy endeavoring to
arrest the revelers and throw them
into prison.
Daniel Tweedie's bottling estab
lishment at 409 to 419 Eighth street
was seized by the Sheriff Saturday
and his official lock was placed on
the door. The fact soon spread and
yesterday morning a gang of about
fifty young men. and boys gathered
about the place and broke open the
rear door. Some of tlvm had provid
ed themselves with jacks and In a
few minutes they were swarming over
the place, filling the sacks with bot
tled beer and stout and dragging
them away to places of safety.
Those who did not have sacks car
SANDBAGGED
AND ROBBED
OH THE FRONT
Frank Shipman Des
perately Assaulted.
NARROWLY ESCAPED DEATH
HIS BATTERED BODY THROWN
INTO THE BAY.
Rescued by Two Apprentices From
the Ship Peleus and Resuscitated
at the Harbor Hos
pital.
Two unknown men sandbagged Frank
Shipman, a discharged soldier from Com
pany D of the Eighteenth United States
regular infantry, shortly before 7 o'clock
last evening as he was walking along the
water front near section 3 of the seawall.
After relieving the semi-conscious man of
$90 and a gold watch and chain the foot
pads threw him into the bay, from which
he was rescued by two apprentices of tne
British ship Peleus.
Shipman was walking along the water
front last evening watching the ships as
they lay at the wharves and paying no
particular attention to any one. When at
section 3 of the seawall he noticed two
men approach him, but merely glanced
at them and they at him. Immediately af
ter they passed him he felt a stinprtng blow
on the neck, and knew nothing more un
til he found himself in the waters of the
bay. He set up a shout for help, which
was heard aboard the Peleuß.
Apprentices H. W. Lovegrove and A. C.
I-andale lowered a boat, and with consid
erable difficulty succeeded in rescuing tne
half-drowned man. The police were noti
fied and Shipman, but half conscious from
the blow and the water he had taken in,
was removed to the Harbor Hospital.
Drs. r'itzpibbon and Scannell worked with
the victim for some time, and within a
couple of hours had him as good as new,
barring a Boreness of the neck, where the
sandbag struck him.
On the 26th of last month Shipman ar
rived in San Francisco on the City of
Para. His time of service in the regular
army expired in October, and the war be
ing "over he determined to visit his fam
ily. When the Para arrived Shipman took
a room at the New Western Hotel and
has been in the city since then having a
good time and seeing the sights. He had
considerable money with him, spent It
freely and drank a good deal.
Shipman can give no description what
ever of the men who assaulted him, so the
police have no clew upon which to work,
SHALL MIDNIGHT SEE
THE BALLROOMS CLOSE?
WILL the society women of San Francisco emulate the example of
their Quaker sisters a -d place a time limit on social functions in
this city?
That is a question which promises to seriously engage the atten
tion of the leaders of the smart net for Borne time to come, or until a solu
tion of the problem is reached. Already the women of Washington are
discussing the advisability of following in the footsteps of Philadelphia,
and it is more than likely that the coming season at the national capital
will witness a revolution in social circles quite as radical and far-reaching,
in its way, as the change in the national administration's foreign policy.
Of course it may be argued that San Franciscans do not require as much
sleep as less fortunate creatures who are obliged to live in the East, or
that the salubrious climate of California precludes the possibility of evil
resulting from keeping late hours, and thus dispose summarily of what
might prove a vexing problem. But, on the other hand, it may be decided
that the Philadelphia idea is a good thing, and that to accept the new or
der will be really only the proper thing to do.
The society leaders of slow-moving Philadelphia may after all attain the
distinction of having inaugurated a great reform for which future genera
tions will do them honor. Midnight may soon come to be recognized as the
hour when all gayety shall erase through the length and breadth of the
land, and the society young men who have heretofore been obliged to con
tent themselves with three or four hours' sleep between the hours of pleas
ure and business during the social season may find more time to devote to
the demands of nature.
The reform wave has not yet reached San Francisco, but the mur
muring of the breakers can be heard in the distance, and those who direct
the destinies of society in this city must prepare to grapple with the prob
lem which seems to have struck a responsive chord in the East.
Will San Francisco society women continue to dance until 2 or 3 a, m.
and sleep until noon, or will they curtail the hours of pleasure to give the
young man a chance, as well as to protect their own health? That is the
question.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1898.
ried out armfuls. and when the gang
finished their job very few bottles
were left. A trunk on the top floor
was also broken open and its oon
tents stolen.
A telephone message was sent to
the Southern Police Station shortly
before noon and three officers were
dispatched to the scene. By that
time the gang had disappeared, but
two small boys and n young man
who were discovered crossing a
vacant lot adjoining the bottling es
tablishment with half a dozen bot
tles among them, were arrested and
put in "the tanks," pending further
inquiry. They declared they found
the bottles in the vacant lot and
were not among those who entered
the place. A young man. who gave
hie occupation as a ballplayer, was
also arrested. He was considerably
under tho influence of liquor and the
officers believed that his "jag" was
the result of the stolen beer and
porter. A charge of "drunk" wa^i
entered against him so as to de
tain him pending further inquiry.
The officer found three sacks
filled with the bottled liquor and a
case hidden away in a corner of the
vacant lot anu sent them to the
City Prison. How many bottles were
stolen will not be known till the
proprietor is consulted to-day.
but are making every effort to find the
guilty parties. Wnen the apprentices
from the Peleus pulled Shipman from the
water he wore no coat nor vest. A search
of the dock resulted in these articles of
clothing being found and the police believe
that it waa the intention of the footpads
to take them, hut fearing detection left
them behind. Shipman's cries for help,
when in the bay, were very feeble and
barely heard aboard the Peleus. It
is probable that when he struck the cold
wateY he partially recovered conscious
ness and owes his life to that fact.
"TOASTED" THE DIRECTORS.
Rev. John Wilson Makes the School
Board Crookedness the Theme
of His Sermon.
As a prelude to his sermon at Howard
street Methodist Church last evening, the
Rev. John A. B. Wilson grilled the
Board of School Directors and arraigned
them bitterly for their arbitrary action in
holding back the pay of the teachers for
the month of November and giving the
preference of first payment to the mer
chants, who have realized fat profits
from their dealings with the department.
The reason for this favoring of the mer
chants, he said, was because they not
only had votes, but recourse to the Di-
rectors' bondsmen, while the teachers had
neither. Concerning the board, Rev. Mr.
Wilson said, in part:
I presume that all who read the morning pa
pers on Thursday were astonished by the in
formation that the School Directors of this
city had by vote indefinitely postponed the sal
aries of the teachers of our public schools for
the month of November. It is known that with
about l(Kw teachers to pay and an expense ac
count for this purpose of $90,000 the Board of
Supervisors are allowed $110,000 per
month, which by the one-twelfth act
cannot be exceeded. Had the salaries
been allowed the bills would have
reached $167,000, $57,000 In excess of the legal
limit, and so those who should have been first
paid were by vote denied their warrants. The
tradespeople and contractors have their redress
upon the bondsmen of the directors, which, I
believe, the teachers have not. And the busi
ness people have votes also.
It Is dreadful to think of what goes on in
this city; corruption is charged in almost every
department. The charges against the School
Department are made everywhere. Is it not
time that something be done before the ruin
of our city is complete? Should not its fair
fame be sufficiently precious to somebody io
cause a halt or, at least, an honest inquiry
Into these alleged dishonesties? Is it true that
a JISOO fence has been put about school prem
ises at a cost of $15,000? I want to know if It
is true. If so. who profited by the steal and
what is the city going to do about it? And If
not true, then let them be punished who reck
lessly assail the reputation of our public offi
cers.
If this gangrene invades the department of
pullc Instruction that Is a good place to begin
proceedings. And 900 educated women of
blam«i«Bs reputations and 100 men of like char
acter will make good leaders for a successful
crusade.
An Imposter.
A middle-aged woman calling herself
Mrs. Green Is Imposing on the charitable
people of this city and the public Is
■warned that she is an lmposter. She has
already duped a number of people In the
Western Addition. She represents that
she Is a native of Carlisle, England, and
that her husband died on the steamer
Coptic during her last trip from Hong
kong. She exhibits a bogus application
for a foreign money order and tells her
credulous listeners that it is an order
which she cannot get cashed, as she has
no acquaintance to identfy her at the
Postofflce. No person by the name of
Green died on the Coptic and the Post
office authorities say no advice for a
money order for Mrs. Green has been re
ceived.
ROBINSON IS
ENJOYING LIFE
IN CHICAGO
Ex-Captain of Police
Looks Prosperous.
SISTER JULIA'S STATEMENT
MEETING HIM, SHE REFUSED TO
SHAKE HIS HAND.
Positive Denial of the Report That
He Had Been Killed
in the Recent
War.
Ex-Captain of Police Robinson is in
Chicago. The whereabouts would not be
of much interest except that It was re
ported that he had been shot and killed in
the recent war with Spain. According to
Sister Julia, who has charge of the Shel
ter Home on Harrison street, she met
"Handsome Bill," as he was familiarly
known to his associates, in tho Windy
City.
Meeting her on one of the principal
streets, he doffed his hat in the usual
Chesterfeldian way and attempted to
shake hands with her. As Sister Julia re
fused to take his proffered hand he be
came indignant, and in sarcastic tones
asked her if she did not recognize him.
"I could not forget you, Robinson," re
marked the plucky' woman. "Your face
is like a nightmare to me."
Without deigning to reply, Robinson
quickly left her.
When seen last night at police head
quarters, where she frequently visits In
quest of lost children, Sister Julia read
ily agreed to tell of her meeting with Rob
inson.
"When I left this city, only a short time
ago," she remarked, "I did not think that
I would meet the ex-captain of the City
Prison. I had heard he had left the
United States, and was led to believe that
he had joined the army shortly after the
first call for volunteers. To my surprise,
after I had reached Chicago I saw 'Hand
some Bill,' as the boys caffed him prome
nading one of the principal streets. He
was fashionably dressed, and, to use a i
common expression, looked like ready |
money. He accosted me and, extending \
his hand, announced that he was glad to
see me. I refused to shake hands with
him, and after telling him what I thougnt
of him I walked on.
"He seemed surprised at my refusal to
recognize him, and as I walked away he
looked at me as though he would like to
'do me up.' I did not see him after that
and was thankful for it. I am bitterly
opposed to him for his actions while he
was captain of the Cuv Prison and for
that reason I refused to speak to him." ]
Shortly -after his dismissal from the
Police Department Robinson informed his
friends that he was going to Dawson City,
where he claimed he had an interest in a
large mino. He suddenly left the city
and when inquiry was maxle about him it
was said that he was in Victoria working j
in the interest of the Spanish Govern- |
ment. Latterly It was reported that he
had joined the army of volunteers and was
fighting for the stars and stripes. From
the statement of Sister Julia it would
seem that "Handsome Bill" Is enjoying
life in Chicago.
SUNDAY NIGHT
AT THE CALIFORNIA
The California Theater went back to
the old farce-comedy groove last night
and presented "A Boy Wanted" to an au
dience that filled all the seats and
crowded the aisles. The piece is wild,
silly and acrobatic and the company is
violently competent. A special feature is
a fistic combat between the soubrette and
the "boy" in which the latter is done to
a finish in the third round. The Sabbath
audience was In sympathy with the show
and the applause was noisy and frequent.
ROUGH ON THE SUPERVISORS.
Rev. Mr. Coombe on the New Charter
and Civic Regeneration.
The Rev. Philip Coombe, in his sermon
at Richmond Congregational Church, ex
pressed the hope that the Board of Super
visors under the new charter would be an
important factor in the great movement
for civic regeneration.
"I believe," he said, "that there is a
great deal of hope for us through govern
ment under the new charter. The meas
ure will provide home rule. The various
commissions now appointed by the Gov
ernor will be named by the chief execu
tive of the city, who is best qualified to
know its needa. The Mayors in the past
have been generally good men, but that
encomium cannot be passed upon the Su
pervisors. The people will have greater
power than before, for the granting of
franchises and other proposed ordinances
must first be submitted to the voters.
"Our hope for civic regeneration lies
also in the fact that the charter will
make known to the Supervisors what
their duty is and always keep it before
them. They will be limited to legislative
powers, their former judicial and admin
istrative prerogatives being placed in the
hands of the judiciary and the Mayor.
They will understand that they are not
the servants of corporations, but of the
people. All the money that is paid for
the Government of the city will be used
for that object only, and not squandered
in other directions.
"Our hope in the Supervisors lies In the
fact that we will have better protection
for health and morals than before. The
good government of the new charter in
New York has lowered the death rate in
that city.
"We should grasp the opportunity of
having good government. I believe that
In the future these men will do their
whole duty. Let us hope that we are
going to have in San Francisco a city
that will be an honor to California and
a credit to the United States.''
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Immense Crowds Gather at All the
Pleasure Resorts.
Thousands upon thousands of pleasure
seekers thronged the park and beach yes
terday afternoon, while the Chutes, CHIT
House and Sutro's Baths were crowded
almost to the limit. The drive at the
park was the largest for months. Among
the most attractive rlg-s that "did" the
drives was a handsome drag drawn by
four dashing horses, which contained the
prominent architects who are privileged
to propose plans for the University of
California buildings —D. Despardelle,
Stephen Codman, Austin Wlllard Lord, J.
Monroe Hewlltt, E. Bauharin and Regent
J. B. Relnstein.
Notwithstanding the great gathering
and number of vehicles on the drive, no
serious accidents occurred. A party of
cyclists from Newark got tangled up and
three of the number suffered a few
scratches, but this was the only Incident
that approached an accident. Among the
most important donations received at the
museum this week are: One Insignia or
decoration of the "King Kalakaua Order
of Honor," Hawaii, very rare, as only a
few were conferred, presented by M. H.
de Young; one ancient bond In the sum
of two hundred and forty (240) pounds,
issued in Prince George County, Mary
land, on December 14, 1727, together with
a large and curious seal of the same place
and date and such as they used to put
on Important documents of that period,
presented by D. F. Verdenal of New
York; two lnrge steel shells and one large
stone projectile from Fort Phillpe, Cavite,
Manila Bay, and one wooden stand taken
from the wreck of the Spanish warship
Ulloa, destroyed by the .American fleet in
Manila Bay. May 1, 1898, presented by J
D. and A. B. Spreckels.
C. W. Vosmer, who met with a shocking
accident while making a balloon ascension
at the Chfites some time ago, did not at
tempt to again soar among the clouds
yesterday as advertised. His physician
advised against the exhibition and Fred
Harper, Vosmer's associate, consented to
inspire^ the multitude. Harper made the
prettiest ascension of the season. The
balloon when the ropes were cut soared
straight toward the heavens for about
3000 feet and then the daring aeronaut cut
the parachute loose. So straight had the
balloon made the ascent that the para
chute dropped just outside the grounds,
or rather tangled on a trolley wire, and
Harper was obliged to drop about twelve
feet to the ground. This he accomplished
without accident. In two weeks Vosmer
will make an ascension, and doubtless on
that day the Chutes will be well patron
ized. -"
Following are the results of the aquatic
contests at Sutro's Baths: 50-yard dash,
novice— Dan Harris first, H. Anderson
second. Diving, juvenile— A. Hayes first,
Hi Scebach second. Obstacle race—A.
Hayes first, H. Seebach second. 100-yard
(la-'i, amateurs and juvenile— E. Bonni
field first, A. Hayes second. Trick and
fancy diving— E. Bonnifleld first, A.
Hayes second. Trapeze and high diving—
F. Green, first prize. v
TRIED MONOXIDE.
A Young Woman Turns on the Gas
Without Fatal Results.
Mrs. Ruby Hall, who occupies rooms
in an uptown restaurant building, at
tempted to commit suicide last night.
She placed one end of a drop light tube
over a gas jet and opened the stopcock,
then she got into bed and placed the other
end of the tulje in her mouth. Before she
became unconscious she repented her rash
act and attempted to leave the room, but
fell on the floor. A moment or two later
her sister discovered an odor of gas from
Ruby's room, and opening the door saw
what had happened and gave the alarm.
Doctors were summoned, but there was
no occasi6n for their services, as the
young woman had not inhaled enough of
the deadly monoxide to imperil her life.
This is the third time the woman has at
tempted to destroy herself, and her sis
ter says that every time she gets mad
she tries to end her life. On two former
occasions she had quarrels with her hus
band and took poison, but did not suf
fer any. great inconvenience because of
the small dose taken. The alleged rea
son for the attempted suicide last even
ing is that she is tired of living. About
a month ago Mrs. Hall left her husband
and went to live at her present abode.
When the other occupants of the house
discovered that Ruby had attempted sui
cide they immediately dispatched mes
sengers to her husband, and he came to
her bedside. There is no danger of the
woman dying.
Accuses a Young Girl.
Marian Gallagher, 14 years of age, was
arrested yesterday at her mother's resi
dence on Walnut avenue by Detective
Cody and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of petty larceny. The girl was
employed by Mrs. Sutherland, who rooms
in Mrs. R. "W. Beattie's lodging house,
1007 I^arkin street, for the past four
months, and it is alleged that she stole
silk waists and articles of jewelry from
her employer and other roomers. Some
of the articles were found- at her mother's
house.
Stabbed Five Times.
While trying to save his nephew from
being severely beaten, Thomas Bowman
was last night stabbed five times In the
back by Mike Cooney, who is said to be
employed in the Superintendent of
Streets' office. Bowman was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where it was found
that he was not seriously injured. His
assaila.nt was not arrested.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
' ST MJBtm Hmß
FOB BILIOUB AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness, Drowsiness, ' Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. - Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
_ LARGEST SALE
Of any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores.
RUPTURE CURED.
IX INVENTING HIS WONDERFUL "MAG-
NETIC ELASTIC TRUSS" DR. PIERCE
gave . to the world ■ the most remarkable rem-
edy • ever dlacovered for the successful treat-
ment of Hernia or Rupture. Thousands of suf-
ferers have been permanently relieved and
radically CURED by this great • appliance and
thousands \of others are now on . the road .to
complete ; recovery. : ;r; r '
Call or Bend ; 2c 'in stamps fforr r "BOOK NO.
1." It tells all about It. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
(Truss Dept.) 620 Market at., opposite Palace
Hotel,'. San Francisco. g
jgg^lv rnoTOOIArtiED Sf |"V Bk I B^^
fj^ not Lira. U I I «■ ■ I <»v
BiSICII^L Vl l ALI9
1 !/^ THINEW
latD.y &>7L Jo* '4U-H CBENPEJ
twtir 10th Day. <bm -^BL >7 Ift C M Ulill
VITAUS 20thD:!y • »C "^9 DClichV
rKonnTsTiiF ABOVE 30th Day. . ItEm bil I■ ■
RESII.TB. It quickly* surely removes I?f rvousness, Imr-otrney,
Rightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wastinc Cine&ses and all effects
of self -abn>« or excess and indiscretion. I Restores Lest Vitality,
Power and railing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all other* (ail. Insist on haTing VITA 1,18,
Bo other. | Can be carried in the vest pocket. ■ By mail $1.00
Kit oaekage orr i x for $5,00 with a guarantee to Care or
Refund the Money. ■ Circular Free. ■ Address ' " -
CALUMET CURE CO., 834 Dearborn St.. Chlcaa*
Bold by : Owl Drug Co.. B. V.. and OalUaad
Use, '. f**%  M( *
Facial Soap j Facial Cream.
. Woodbury'»l Facial Soap, Facial '. Cream, Fa« J
:lal and Tooth Powder, manufactured by JOHN
H. WOODBURT, will ■ make the ; complexion
Clear,;: Soft and Beautiful and the teeth white.
Bold everywhere. ' . ■ '
IMFTDV/IT A 10 ** VITALITY
l>ltrf VMM lost VIGOR.
jBMStI ■ AND MANHOOD
Eff"*j( Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
■BilO diseases, all effects o( self-abuse. or excess ana
%S"""^aD indiscretion. A ncrve'tonic and blood-boildcr.
■ tI ' Brings the pink glow to pale checks and re-
jjL R>^, 1 stores the fire of youth. By mail 600 per
n4jJ<KL bozi 0 boxes for $2.50; with a written
(r||fr^Jf^ guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Imitt mt4ic*i Co., CHitm • Satinet $ts., eiMtag^ '
JoY ///'wUii \ Jy^ ill l*N mr
/\J^^o\ USk wkj if Jvc
« Turfmen chew %
I Piper Heidsieck I
% Plug Tobacco !^r
when waiting for a successful "start" or
ST watching a pounding " finish." It has always
» set the pace for highest quality chewing tobacco
fL / and has never been "headed." "Back it" ||
ffl once with 1 Oc. (buy the 1 Oc. piece to-day) and &
jb try it for yourself. , iP,
I CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR. I
•>-. • ■ /• . ;' ."''■'.' ■ ■'.. y*3r
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
THi:K> I'ACiriC (OJJI'AST.
- (PAUIfIO SYSTEM.)
Train* Inn »• nu<l nr« i>u«> to nrrlte ait
NAN lllt> I.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
t.EAvit — From Nov. 29, 1893. — arrivi
•6iooa Nile*, San Jose and Way Stations... *»:45a
. 7:OOa Benicia. Suiaun end Sacramento.... 10:45 a
«:OOa MaryßTille, OroTllle Redding via
Woodland B:4.tp
7:00 a Elmira. VacaTille and Uuniiey 8:45f
7:»o A Martinei, Ban Kamon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Koaa 6:ISp
8i«0a Atlantic Impress, OgJen and ICust.. 8145*
Bi3Oa Han .lose, Htocktun. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, J\l*rj»rl!li-,
Chico, Tehama and ite.l Hltiff.... 4:ISp
BiBoa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 4jl3p
•8:30 a Milton »7;iar
»:OOa Martinet T»cy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Kreano 18iI3r
. tiOOA Fresno, UakenlleM, Santa linrt><ira.
Los Angeles, Demlnß, El Paso,
New Orleans and East #145?
...Fresno, Mendoti, Tracy and Mar-
___- tinez.-, «i43p
1O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:4»p
•MjOOp Sacramento lUter Stenniors "HiOOp
1.:OOk NUea, Tracy, Stockton, Mendota,
Hanford, Visalia, Exeter and Por-
tetTille '........ 4:15p
l:OOpNilo«. San Jose and Way Stations ... 11:43 a
San Jobs, Nile* and Way Stations... JH:l5a
LiTermore, Ha n Jose, Niles and Way
" Stations. J1O:13a
4i»Op Martiuex, Ban Itanion, Vallejo,
Nairn, (,'ulfstoga, XI Verano and
Hantaltosa »ll«A
4«» Op BeniPla, VacaTille, Waudland,
Knights Landing, MuryeTille, Oro-
Tllle and-Sacrmneiitb..... 1«:43a
jltSOpNlles, San Jose and Stockton ....... 7:13p
3:60p Martinez, Tracy, Mondota, Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Barbara and Los
• : '- ■ • ; Angelcj!.-.; B«4Sa
SiOOp Santa I.. Jtoute. Atlantic Kxpress
for Mnja»e 1.1.1 Km! «:43p
5:00P Martinez, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fre5n0.......... 12.18P
I|a>vOp "i-.cuic Const Limned." El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. HI.
Louis, Chicago and East • |6i43p
«iOOi> liuroneaii M«|l; oo K 'I»i' and Kast.... 9:4.14
8:00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a
•«tOO|-V»11«j0...... 12:I3»
)7:OOp Vallsjo. Port Coata and Way Sta-
.„„ tions {9:4rtp
8:00r Oregon IC*|ir«ss,Haeniineiito, Marys-
>ille, TtuililliiK. Puitlaml, I'uget
'■ ' Hound anil lCust SilSa
iI0:03p "Snuset Limited." Fresno, l.os
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
»nd East tl:4sr
Mil IiUA.MiUO AMI lIAYWAKDS LOCAL. -
(Foot of Market Street.) • .
1 Jlcliohp, Si'iniitiiry I'nrk, f
8:00 a Hlehliiiri.-, Klmliuritt, . 6:*sa
<0:OOa San l.fniidro. South San - t*oz4SlL
1O.o«a Lfan.lro, Kit ml ill o, ' < 10:45 a
il I.ooa Lorenso. Cherry ~ • 12:43p
»''««' anil <1»43p
7loZ lUynard*. «»:J3p
7xool i Runs through to Niles. 7 ''* Sr
J t From Niles. [
COAST IM VISION (Narrow Uiiuk*)'.
■'■■■..'.: (Foot of Market Street.) •
8:15 a Nevrarlc.CcnterTille.San Jose, Felton,
' .' Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
.-' . Stations "....... .. . SiSOp
*-il3p Newark, Oenterville, San Jose,' New
Almadnn, Feltou, Boulder Creek
Santa Cruz and Principal Way '.
Stations -, MO-.IOa
i. f 'I2 r JJewark, Han Jo«o and Los Gatos.V." O:'_Oa
flli43p Hunters Excursion, San Jose and
Way Buttons ....;. |7iaOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7romSl!i rRAHCISCO— r»ot *1 Market Strut (Slip 8)—
JSS »:0 n fl SSp^ tl: °° ' 8:0 ° «"»
' r !?» O JJ UND r/ M ' Of B«»dw«y.— -fl;00 \ 8:00 10:00 a.m.
118:00 *l:00 t3:QO,; ;»3;OQ .'ti:oo - •ZMe.u.
" t'OASI DIVISION (llroadUange). - ,"'.
(Third and Townsend Stg.) °
7:00 a Sa,, Joae ami Way Stations (New . ~~
"**» «a» .]c»se, 'Ires Plmia, SimU Crur.,
Pacillc ({ior 0 . Pas.. Uu1.1.-s, Bau
Luis Olilstm, U\iadalm>e, Bntf *"
5? l »,? A 2a"•']"»«"»'»'2 a " •']"»«"»'»' N*atio"a'. ; .".'.'.;:; 4&1
iltaoA San J,.se and Way Stations $ 83a
"»i43r Ba,. Mat*o, Redwood, Menlo Park
Palo Alto Santa Clara, San .I.uib!
Gllroy. HollUter, SHnta Cru^
Salinas, Mouterey and Pacilio
■■ ' I— TOYS. ••■•■•'■■ ' *"■ •! II ■ *£fl »
•Simp San J and Way" Sta't'lol.s . . .V.V.7. *'!I!J!"a !
n ooa an^ 08 * a '"i '»°IP«l Way Station. «: 15 ,
b!?«p fan Jose aud Principal Way Stations «::isa '
°::!" r g» n<T °« c and Principal Way Stations . s:3oi>
M I ii 2 tt " J , OBe ailll Wa * EktlotS 7:»<»
flli43r tian Jose ami Way Stations...;..... 7:: tor
• «,. t fOr Mor " "« ~T - V for AfUm.oon. :.'.«"
HiHirtays e*cept«<l. ♦ Sundays only, . t Bat.ir.Uys only
JMondaja and Thursdays. a U esdays and Saturday*.
ls»tunl&iiaadWe4oe9daj». Hhund-ia and Sundays.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
__ Vi '"» Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILJLi ' VALLET
AND SAN ; KAFAJEU
WEEK D AYS— •7:20,»»:30, 11:00 a. m.; •!:_,
: 1:48, 6:15, -••6:00,-: 6:30 p. m. '■ >• *V.. :
| EXTRA Trips— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ' ,
SUNDAYS— »10:(i», •ll:30,a. m.; »1:».
«:00, -4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:85. 7:45, »a:3O a. m.;
•11:20, 2:20, ♦3:45, 5:06 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays ; at 6:40 p. in. •'
BUNDAYS-6:20. •8:00, -no :00, 11:55 a. m.;
•1:16, »3:10, 4:40, *«:20 p. m. .= ■ -•. •, . \
- Trains ■ marked • start ■ from San Quentin. -
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, . 6:45, 7:55. 8:40 a. m. ;
1!:S5. 2:45, 3:60, 6:20 p. m. - ;
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday!
and Saturdays. at 7:00 p. m. .
. & UND AYS— «:00,^ 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20. I;J0, '
t;00, 6:20 p.". m. .r - L •-■ — , .
. ■-' ' ■ THROUGH TRAINS.
i :20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na. !
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills .and way
■■ r.v.\, ;-. Stations. -.::■■: ■ .;-, , y -..-. /..,' ,..,,■ .■-, -. *
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'_
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
■ RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEI*
WEEK- DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12 M,
1:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
I at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
i and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDAYS-S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. !:*,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. * .
*2 SAN RAFAEL TO SAN. FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
8:40, 6:10 p. i ,. n m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
6 Y:W D I^% B:1 rn'. "^ UM *
I Between San Francisco and Schuetzen ?ar*
same schedule as above. - • • ■ '
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ October 1«,
Week | Sun- 1898. - Sun- I Week
Days. days. Destination. da, | Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
I:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pa
— — — — ______ . ______ * .
Fulton,
7:10 am Windsor. 10:15 am
Healdsburg;
Lytton.
Geyservllla, -. •. . .!,-,.
!:30pm 8:00 am Cloverdal*.. 7:35pm 6:11
Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00 am Uklah. . 7:35pm 6:Mptn
7:30 am "T~ 10:15 am
8:00 am Guernevtlln. 7:35 pm
8:80 . ■ i . 0:23 pm
7:20 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and ■ ,
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm o:23pm
T:3oam 8:00 am Sebastcpol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
B:3opm E:oopm ; 7:35 pmj o:22 pm
""Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Berville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
' Highland Springs, KeUeyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and ' Bartlett
! Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's.
i Sanhadrin Heights. Hullvllle, Boonevllle, Orr*«
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Brags:,
| Westport, Usal, Wlllitts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
i ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
I Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bide.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN/
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited :
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-.
Cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,:
TUESDAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In , New
York at 1 :3O P.M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping: Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
| SAN FRANCISCO TICKEf~OTF.CE — 628 MARKET SI,
: TELEPHONE ' MAIN' 1531 • »
i Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
: San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. 1898. trains will run as follows!
\ South-bound. - North-bound.""
Passen- 1 Mixed, j Mixed. Passen-
jjer. j Sunday ;-■ Sunday! ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
8:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 550pm
10:10 am, 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm| 4:o3pm
11:40 am s:3opm . Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:38pm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45 am I:3spm
: 3:2opm 12:S0 am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:63pm| B:sopm Vlsalia .■■- ! 6:4oHm| 1:15pm 1
j ; Stopping at intermediate points as required.
_ Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California \ Navißation and ! Improvement Com- <
pany, leaving, San. Francisco and Stockton at
6 p. m. daily excepting Sunday.
For ;■ stage connections : see official time tabl«
or inquire at .Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar-
ket street, San. Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sauaallto Ferry.)
Sept aV ll 18»8- FranclBoO> : commencinc - Sunday.
: Week bays-9:80 a. m., 1:45 p. 1 m. '. ?
ay 6-8:00, 10:00. 11:30 a.*m.71:18 ip. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, »1. *™*
.tS 8B8 B. a CO^n4cl° N ' m *•*«THE CHAMPIONS
WHITEWASHED By
WATSONVILLE
It Was the First This
Season.
LANGE AND MERTES AS STARS
THEY DO SOME VERY CLEVER
WORK.
One of the Prettiest Exhibitions of
the National Game Ever Put
Up in a San Francisco
Ball Ground.
By Joe Corbett.
The great Gilt Edge collection has
played many games of ball this season.
Of this number the majority have
been victories. But of all the setbacks
received at the hands of opposing teams
none was more complete in every par- I
ticular than that of yesterday, when the
Watsorivilles, the tail-enders In the cham
pionship race, shut them out without the
semblance of a run, the score at the end j
being 13 to 0. The defeat was one in which j
no questions as to possibilities might |
arise. It was a defeat thorough In the !
extreme, and it was a defeat over -which '
haseballdom will expatiate for some time
to come. In reviewing the line-up of the
two teams, however, it would be well to
notice that the Watsonvilles have among
other names those of Bill Lange, Sandow
Mertes and Chance. The team was there
fore unreasonably strong, and to these
m.-n, including Balsz and McCarthy, is
due the lions share of applause. They
were demons throughout the entire con
test, pitching, batting, playing and run
ning bases as only clever players can.
I do not wish to leave the impression
that the other members of the team did
nothing, for they filled their positions to
a man perfectly. The others played,
however, so brilliantly that to them be
longs, as I said before, the greater por
tion of whatever glory the fans propose
bestowing upon tht-ir famous cocoanuts.
KaJsz, in the box, was a hurricane by
himself. Three scattered hits were all
these men, who on Saturday hammered
Mr. Whalen into almost every nook of
Recreation Park, could secure off him.
Chance, who did the backstop work,
played beautifully, and was, by the by,
accorded a grand reception on his first
trip to the batter's box. Lange and
Mertea gave as pretty an exhibition of
base running and stealing as I would care
to see, while McCarthy played third base
in true National League style.
Nobody paid any attention to the result
o! the game after it had passed the fifth
inning. The men whom I nave mentioned
were Riving performances in too superb a
manner to leave time for other reflec-
The Gilt Edges, poor unfortunates,
we will say, did the best they could, but
this reflects no credit on the work of Fee
pies, Doyle or Lockhead. These gentle
men played miserably, but Doyle, owing
to the fact that he twirled his cohorts to
victory on Saturday, can be excused and
sympathized with. He retired as grace
fully as circumstances would admit of in
the middle of the game, and then the con
test was Irretrleveably lost. Keilly sue
• i him, and then Lockhead succeeded
Reilly. and the contest was stripped for
nf its interest. The leaders were up
against too strong a combination and were
beaten from the very start. Besides this j
fact they played poorly and the Watson- |
villes did nothing but fool with them.
This is so particularly of Lange. who stole
I base while the catcher was tossing
the ball back to the pitcher.
Mi-rtes also worked a clever trick in
conjunction with Lange, which brought
. iwn great applause from the multitude.
With Lange on third and himself on first,
he deliberately walked toward second and
was, according to programme, caught in
between the bases. While the players
were endeavoring to run him down Doyle
dropped the ball for an instant, but long
enough, f^r Lange was across the plate
and Mertes was back safe on iirst.
Doyle's error spoiled the original play,
yet' it was the idea that caught the crowd.
Altogether the afternoon was an en
joyable one, thanks to Lange, Mertes and
the others mentioned. The attendance
must have been near 7000. The score is
as follows:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, 1 b 4 0 0 0 13 0 1
Peeplep. 3 b 4 0 10 16 4
Doyle, p., 2 b 4 0 10 0 10
Reilly, 2 b., p., a. a. 3 0 0 0 1 4 1
Stanley, c 2 0 0 0 5 2 n
Lockhead, s. 6., p.. 2 0 0 0 0 1 2
Walker, c. i 3 0 10 2 10
Borland, I. f 8 0 0 0 2 0 0
Sheehan, r. r 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals !8 0 3 0 24 14 8
WATSONVHJ*f.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Franks. 2 b 2 10 0 2 5 0
W. I.anpe, 1 b 4 1 S 1 14 1 0
Chance, c S 2 0 1 0 3 0
Mertes. ». 8 4 4 S 2 6 4 1
McCarthy, 3 b 12 3 113 0
pill 0 1 1 0
Hayes, 1. f 5 8 0 0 3 0 0
r.f402 0 0 0 0
I'almtair, c. t 3 0 0 0 10 0
Hartman, c. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 37 13 41 5 27 17 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Harramento 0 00000000—0
RaFP hits 1 0001000 I—3
Watsonvtlle 2 0 2 14 2 2 0 •— l3
Base hits 2 0 2 0 J 2 2 0 «-U
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 3, Reilly 1.
Thrp«"-ba.=e hit— Peter?. Two-base hits— Balsa,
Feeplea. Sacrifice hit— McCarthy. Base on er-
S&craflsentO 1, Watsonville 5. Bases on
-ar-ramento 1, Watsonville 6. L«ft on
hapes-Sarramento 3. Watsonville 8. Strurk out
Doyle 2, by Reilly 1. Hit by pitcher—
Peters, * Tvockhead. Double play— Balsa to
Franks to Mertes to I^ange. Passed ball—fetan
ley. Wild pitch— Reilly. Time of game— l:4o.
T'mplre— McDonald. Official scorer— J. W. Sta
pleton. ______ ——
AT SCHTJETZEN PARK.
The Members of Three Rifle Clubs
Shoot at the Marin County-
Butts.
The moafcerfl of three clubs were at the
Schuetzen Park butts yesterday, viz.:
The California Sohuetzen, In its monthly
medal shoot; the San Francisco Grutll
Shooting Section, in a medal and bulls
eye shoot, and the Verein Eintracht
Schuetzen Section In a medal shoot.
In the California second champion class
F P. Schuster, with a score of 437, car
ried off first honors. In the Grutli medal
shoot Joseph Fetz won with 422, and G.
r Hauser Brst in the bullseye contest.
In the Vereln Eintracht shoot R. Stettin
carried off first prize. ... .
In detail the scores of the California
Club were as follows:
IBd champion class— F. P. Schuster, 437;
I) R Kaktor, 413.
First class— F. E. Mason, 430; no second.
::<J class— C. J. Wolden. 401; R. Stettin.
* Third class— Charles Sagehorn, 406; A. Hara
''"Vourth class— J. Wollmer, 380; J. H. Suss.
radets' clasd — G. Jammeyer, 3G5; J. Kuhl
mann, 34!'; B. Woerner, 804.
nest first shot, F. P. Schuster, 2r>; best last
i-h«.t, .7. WoUmar, 24.
The monthly medal shoot of the Grutli
resulted in the following scores:
'hamjilon clans, Joseph Fetz, 422; first Has*,
<; H Hauser, 364; second class, August Studer,
347- third clans, Charles Sussll. 284; best first
shot G R. Hauser, 21; best lant shot, same, 24.
In the Grutli's bullseye shoot the
i.iarksmon took their respective positions
according to scores as follows, the high
esl 'oininp first: G. R. Hauser, L. Hiu
• I Sussli, Cnarles Gutt, Kdward
Kunz. Joseph Fetz, J. Appenzeller and A.
The "results of the Verein Eintracht
medal contest were tallied In the follow
ing order:
First class, C. Bchroeder, 870; second class,
THE CORNERSTONE OF
ST. LUKE'S.
I LAY the corner-stone of an edifice by
the name of St. Luke's Church to be
here erected and to be devoted to the
services of Almighty God, according
to the doctrine, discipline and worship of
the Holy Catholic church— commonly
called the Protestant Episcopal church in
the United States of America."
With these words, uttered by the Rev.
W. F. Nichols, Bishop of the Episcopal
Diocese of California, the mementoes
encased in the hollow of a massive block
of stone were lowered into position in
the foundation of the new church at
Clay street and Van Ness avenue, dedi
cated yesterday afternoon with solemn
and inspiring ceremony in the name of
St. Luke.
With the lowering of the stone were
realized the hopes of the ministry and the
congregation of St. Luke's Church for
erecting an edifice to which all could
look with pride and in which all could
H yon Hortwig. 313: third class, H. Spahr,
257- best first shot, R. Stettin, 25; best last
shot, H. yon Hortwipr. Zf.
RIFLEMEN AT SHELL MOUND.
Several Clubs Hold Their Monthly-
Class Shoots — Score in Detail.
The Shell Mound ranges were well
patronized yesterday. Representatives
from the Deutscher Krieger Verein, Red
Schuetzen Company, Independent Rifles
and the Naval Militia were on hand to
display their skill. The day was remark
ably fine, and the more enthusiastic
marksmen blazed away until nearly dark.
The score of the Red Men's Schuetzen
Company In their monthly class shoot
was:
Champion class— John Tiedemann, 396: second
champion class, Henry Weber, 366; first class,
E Schlerbaum, 3S»; second class. William
Dressier, 340; third class, George Heuer, 2i'O;
fourth class, E. Zempel, 234; best first shot.
Henry Weber, 25; best last shot, E. Schier
baum, 25.
In the monthly practice shoot of the
Naval Militia, N. G. C First and Second
divisions, the score was:
G Gentoso, 2S; G. Hammond, 32; F. Sutton,
27- \V Varcoe, 32: A. McCabe, 12; J. F.
Murphy 32; P. W. Blake. 29; G. Sutton, 33; L.
Vanier, 13; V. Paris, 26; R. Coggins, 34; W.
Lindecker, 38; F. M. Burns, 29; Dr. C. C. Den
nis, 30; W. Ast. 16; A. Quinlan, 34; E. Nickle,
29; H. Harris. 34.
The score of the Independent Rifles
monthly medal shoot was:
Sergeant C. Andrews, 42; W. Lindecker, 42;
Serjeant G. W. Mitchell, 39; Corporal J. A.
Stang, 37; Sergeant C. Schneider, 32; C. Gilber
son, 30: C. Frederiekson, 29; F. Scbohay, 26;
Corporal G. B. Worthington, 18; Corporal H.
Frederickson, 12.
The monthly bullseye shoot of the
Deutscher Krieger Verein resulted as
follows:
C. Wcggeman, 4SI: F. Miehle, 788; F. Kaiser,
1004; N. Blegel, 1790; J. Bender, 1330; X. Bil
herzahn, IS3O.
Julius J. Evers, son of ex-Coroner
Evers of Oakland, a comparative novice
at the game, made an extraordinary
score on a ring target, ten shots in a row
in two trials. Out of a possible 250 he
made: 21. 17. 16, 14, 24. 17, 19. 25, 17, 14; total,
184; 25, 22, 22, 17, 21, 18, 18, 17, 21, 23; total,
205.
RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK.
A Card Above the Average — May W
and San Venado to Meet.
The card at Oakland track this afternoon la
above the average and should attract a good
attendance. In the fourth event the fast May
W and the acrobatic San Venado will try con
clusions.
The entries for to-day are as follows:
First Race— Five furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; selling:
280 Abano 95| ... Rose of Peru 100
255 Alhaja 103; 2SO Santa Flora .... 95
2SO Rear Admiral.. 106 j 2SO Stromo 95
2M Fermo W| 3<C Peter Weber ...103
280 Silver Beaux 100 289 Siml _. 98
106 Miss Reel 108 2% Raclvan 98
28a l>unpralse 101 1
Second Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
no Ruskin 107 266 Torlblo 104
Ufl None Such 104 303 R. de L. Angl's.lo4
299 Baliverso 110 301 Novla 104
299 Beau Monde 107 204 Aluminum 104
273 Don Luis 104 2fi6 Little Alarm ...104
286 Majesty 104 253 Ockturuck 104
Third Race— Six and a half furlongs; two
year-olds:
305 Los Medanos.... ll2 l 292 Obsidian 117
805 Limewater 112 2!U Martello 105
Fourth Race— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and upward :
and $15; 12 houseworki( 19) Osculation 104
298 Rosinante 104|(29S)May W 109
277 Storm King ....107 ,(2»).San Venado ....107
(257) Mistral II 112 (L'TS)Rubicon 112
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward:
'93 Myth 1041 275 Bernardino 104
304 (Jreyhurst 104 306 Frohman 98
281 Dr. Uernays ... 95 304 Topmast 110
293 Ix>st Girl W (2«J)Red Glenn 104
229 Our Climate ..,..1041 283 Lady Hurst ....104
288 Highland 8a11... 1041
Sixth Race— All ages; Belling; Futurity
course:
Bill Howard ...114[ SOI Good Hope .... 89
2!)6 Favernham 97 1 (29+) Yankee Doodle.. 89
288 Pat Morrissey..ll4i(3o3)Sp't McAUißter.ll2
242 Chihuahua 110!
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Alhaja, Stromo, Silver Beaux.
Second Race— Torlbio, Little Alarm, Xovla.
Third Race — Los Medanoa, Limewater, Ob
sidian.
Fourth Race— May W, San Venado, Oscula
tion.
Fifth Race— Topmast. Bernardino, Frohman.
Sixth Race— Good Hope, Pat Morrlssey, Yan
kee Doodle.
John F. Kidder Reappoimed.
Governor Budd on Saturday reappointed
John F. Kidder of Grass Valley Debris
rommissioner at a salary of $3«00 a year.
Mr Kidder formerly represented El
Dorado County In the Assembly, and ia
well known throughout the State.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAT, DECEMBER 5, 1898.
worship with a deeper cense of religious
fervor. The erection of this projected
Etructure means much to the community,
as It marks a decided step onward of the
Episcopalian faith. It is the outgrowth of
an insignificant mission, founded thirty
two years ago at a time when San Fran
cisco was just evolving from an uncertain
camp (founded by gold hunters) into a
great metropolis.
The ceremony of laying the stone was
participated in by representative clergy
men from all the Episcopalian churches
throughout the city and adjoining towns.
It was conducted under the personal di
rection of the Right Reverend W. F.
Nichols, the representative head of the
Episcopalian church In the diocese of Cal
ifornia.
On him devolved the honor and the duty
of sealing the sacred relics in their tomb
of stone. Immediately before the massive
block was lowered Into position in the
foundation an interesting service was
conducted. The choir, consisting of thir
ty or forty young boys, the clergymen of
the various churches and a number of
specially selected singers, assembled in
the old" church on the opposite corner,
SURPRISES AT
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK
Moondyne Wins the
All-Age Stake.
SHORTENDERS HAVE A FEAST
UNEVEN SPOT BEATS SCOUT IN
THE PUPPY RACK
Beauty Spot Beat Blackette in the
Reserve Stake at Union Park
and Carried Off First
Money.
Three stakes were run off at the Ingle
side Coursing Park yesterday before an
exceptionally large crowd of spectators
and bettors.
The hares were fast, the ground firm
and the dogs in fine fettle. The Puppy
stakes went to Eleven Spot with a
score of 6 to 1 over Scout. The Consola
tion stake was won by Brilliantine over
Hadiwiat, with a score of 21 to 6. The
All-age stake went to Moondyne In a
short course, scoring four points to
Moondyne's one.
In the morning a few big suprises were
in store for the supporters of the talent.
The very first race of the All-age consola
tion started the short-end ball rolling.
Pastime won from American Eagle a two
to-one favorite and in the second race
Fear Not put Flying Faster out of it, a
2V6 to 1 favorite.
Then the favorites showed their mettle
but not for long. vßrilliantine took the
measure of Flying Buck and Pet Kirby
outpointed Port Costa on the long end
of a 2 to 1 shot.
In the first round of All-age stake High
Born Lady won from Diana, a favorite at
2IA2 l A to 1, and Los Palmas beat Billy Glad
stone a V/z to 1 shot. These two were the
great tumblers of the talent's backing.
Another unexpected winning was that of
Lady Jane over Royal Prize, the latter
being the favorite at Z\' 2 to 1.
The results are as follows: '
All-age consolation stake— Pastime beat
American Easle: Fear Not beat Flying Faster;
Lightfoot beat Duke of Oak Grove; Silkwood
beat Counterfeit; Had! wist beat Soubrette; Be
nlcia Boy beat Rush o' Hill; Brilliantine beat
Flying Buck; Pet Klrby beat Port Costa Lass;
Lady Jane beat OGrady.
First round- -Pastime beat Fear Not; Light
foot beat Silkwood; Hadlwlst beat Benicla;
Brilltantine b< at Pet Klrby; Lady Jane won a
bye with Royal Prize.
Second roun'l— Lightfoot beat Pastime; Had-
Iwist beat Lai'.y Jane; Brilliantine won a bye.
Third round— Brilliantine beat Lightfoot;
Hadlwlst won a bye.
Final— Brilllnntine beat Hadlwist.
All-age stak- — Mayflower beat Royal Prize;
Snapshot beat Hoyal Buck; Mind Your Eye
beat Flyaway: High Born Lady beat Diana;
Las Palmaß br it. Billy Gladstone; Golden Kus
set beat Bo }'eep: Lottie M beat Rathbone;
Moondyne beat. False Flatterer; Patrla beat
White Diamond; Prince Hal beat Mac's Melody.
Bacond rour. I— Mayflower beat Snapshot;
Mind Your Eeye beat Bo Peep; High Born
Lady withdrawn; Golden Russet beat Las
Palmas; Patria beat Lottie M; Moondyne beat
Prince Hal.
Third round— Mind Your Eye beat Mayflower;
Moondyne beat Golden Russet; Patrla won a
bye.
Fourth round -Mind Your Eye beat Patria;
Moondyne won a bye.
Final— Moondyne beat Mind Your Eye.
Puppy stake— Eleven Spot beat Bit of Fash-
Ion: Scout beat Depend On Me.
Final — Eleven Spot beat Scout.
AT UNION PARK.
At Union Cojrslng Park yesterday the
results were as follows:
Champion stake, first round— George Whit
ney' s Theron beut E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron;
Ifilo Kennels' Ihck Island Boy beat A. John
son's Mountain Heauty; J. Connell's Senorita
beat Pasha Kennels' Emln Pasha; R. E. de
Lopez's Green Valley Maid beat Euchre Ken
nels' Right Bowfr.
Second round — llock Island Hr>->- beat Theron;
Senorita beat Orcen Valley Maid.
Final— Rock Island Boy beat Senorita.
Reserve stake. Hecond round— T. J. Cronln's
Maid of Ball bent E & E Kennels' Vigilant;
K. Murphy's Qlli Edge beat J. Seggerson's
White Chief; J. MoCormlck's White Lily beat
J. McGrath's Martyr; Yosemlte Kennels'
Beauty Spot beat McCollough & London's Mag
and, at the appointed time, led by the of
ficiating Bishops, issued forth from the
old wooden structure, chanting the Bacred
hymns of the church. As the little pro
cession, robed in white surplices, passed
through the portals of the old build
ing and neare-d the site of the. new, the
surging mass of humanity surround
ing and obstructing lta course, gave way
before the advancing, uplifted cross.
Immediately to the right of the building
where the ceremony of laying the stone
was to be conducted, and running parallel
with the front wall, was erected a gallery
for the accommodation of the members of
the choir and the assisting clergymen.
After a preliminary service the Bishop
descended the stairs leading to the north
east corner of the foundation, where the
stone was to be sealed, and after pro
nouncing the sacred words dictated by
custom and the church, the mammoth
block of stone slowly descended to its
allotted position. As It went down those
assembled around it either doffed their
hats or bowed their heads. After the
huge block had been struck three times
in accordance with custom by the Bishop,
a silver trowel was handed him and the
stone was securely sealed Into position.
Upon the conclusion of the ceremony
addresses were delivered by Sidney M.
Smith, the Rev. W. H. Moreland and
Bishop Nichols. The ceremony was con
cluded with a prayer for the success of
the construction, the adornment and en
tire completion of the building and the
efforts or the new pastor elected to fill
the position recently made vacant by the
election of Rev. W. H. Moreland as Mis
sionary Bishop of the northern diocese of
the State.
neto; Russell & "Wilson's Victor Queen beat
Max Herzog's Little Delight; H. F. Anderson's
Crawford Braes beat Russell & Wilson's Jen
nie Wilson; Pembroke Kennels' Magic beat W.
Dowst'B Sarcastic; F. McComb's Royal Flush
beat K. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy; A. John
son's Tod Sloan beat G. W. Lahnsen's Precita
Girl; Russell & Wilson's Glenrose beat M.
Nealon's Van Cloie; H. F. Anderson's Craw
ford Lad heat Larkoy & Rock's Liberty Hell;
M. Nealon's Malrl of Erin beat Tosemite Ken
nels' Lamplighter; Handy & Smith's Victor
a bye; Skyball withdrawn, injured; D. Ford's
Bonita beat D. Cronln's Swinnerton; J. Mc-
Cormiok's White Tip beat J. McKell's Sports
man; Curtis & Son's Blackette beat E. Brader'g
Magnus; Ed Wilson's Magnet beat Larkey &
Rock's Emerald; W. Creamer's Jersey Lily
beat Gem Kennels' Sunburst.
. Thir4 round— Maid of Bail beat Gilt Edge:
Beauty Spot beat White Lily; Crawford Braes
beat Victor Queen; Magic beat Royal Flush;
Tod Sloan beat Glen Rosa; Maid of Erin beat
Crawford Lad: Victor beat Bonita: Blackette
beat White Tip; Magnet beat Jersey Lily.
Fourth round — Beauty Spot beat Maid of Ball;
Magic beßt Crawford Braes; Tod Sloan beat
Maid of Erin; Blackette beat Victor; Magnet a
bye.
Fifth round— Beauty Spot beat Maglo; Mag
net beat Tod Sloan; Blackette a bye.
Sixth round— Beauty Spot a bye; Blackette
beat Magnet.
Final— Beauty Spot beat Blackette.
SALVATOR TOOK THE MONEY.
Stocktonians Enjoy a Good Day's
Coursing.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 4.— lncreased at
tendance and improved work by the
hounds contributed to a good day's sport
under »the auspices of the San Joaquin
Coursing Club.
First ties — Capidora beat Happy Girl;
Ultramarine beat Bismarck; Arno beat
Hazel Glen; Rheumatism beat Gypsy*
Queen; Rich and Artless beat Maud S;
Flabio beat Little Casino; Belsarius beat
Fleet W; Little George beat Old Planta
tion; Salvator beat Red Chief; So Are We
beat Sharkey; Senator Bland ran a bye;
Our Favorite withdrawn; Searchlight
beat Here We Are.
Running off nrst ties — Ca^Mora beat
Ultramarine; Arno beat Rheumatism;
Rich and Artless beat Flabio; Little
George beat Belsarius; Salvator beat So
Are We; Searchlight beat Senator Bland.
Run second ties— Rich and Artless beat
Little George; Arno beat Capidora; Sal
vator beat Searchlight.
Run third ties— Arno beat Rich and Art
less; Salvator ran a bye.
Final— Salvator beat Arno.
Specials— Gypsy Queen beat Hazel
Glen; Roger S beat White Flyer; Red
Chief beat Roger S.
Parsons "Won at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 4.— An ideal day
for coursing brought out a large crowd
at Agricultural Park to-day. The sport
was first-class throughout. Frank Par
sons won firßt ana second money with
Kitty Scott and Queen Keep. Master
Jack was third, Uncle Sam fourth, and
the rest divided.
It was announced that on Christmas day
there will be a sixty-four dog stake for a
$600 purse, the largest amount yet hung
up in Southern California. On this oc
casion John Grace of Ingleside Park will
act as judge and James Grace as slipper.
A big delegation from the north is looked
for, as a number of San Francisco dogs
will be entered. The flag was displayed
at halfmast in memory of Flag Steward
H. Hilton H. Stape Munton, who died last
evening.
Short of Hares.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 4.— Owing to In
sufficient rabbits to-day the coursing
matches were postponed for one week.
LIVELY LAWN TENNIS.
Several Good Games Played on the
California Club's Courts
Yesterday.
Several good Raines, both doubles and
singles, took place at the courts of the
California Lawn Tennis Club yesterday,
the round robin tournament commenced
on Saturday was continued yesterday,
but, owing to the late arrival of some of
the contestants darkness came down be
fore it could be finished. The complete
score of the tournament, so far as It was
played, follows:
George Whitney and Stauf beat Robert
Whitney and Chesebrough, 6—2, 2—6, 6—4.
Stauf beat Chesebrough, 6—4.
Carrigan and Harris beat Landry and
Mcßride, 6—4, 4—6. 6-3.
Weihe beat McGavln. 6—4.,6 — 4., 6—2, 2—3.
Weihe and Walter beat McGavin and
Smith, 4—6, 6—3. 6—2.
Weihe and Walter beat Chesebrough
and Stauf, 6—2, 6—o.
Harris and Buckley beat Mcßride and
Landry, 6—2, 6-4, 6-8.
Henley and Salisbury played four sets,
Henley winning two with a score of 6—2,
6—4,6 — 4, and Salisbury proving victorious in
two with a score of 7—5»7 — 5» C— 3.
Chesebrough and Welho beat Dr. Root
and Smith. S— 6, 6—2, 7—5.
W. S. McGavin played two sets with J.
Daily. The former won the first with a
score of 6—3, and the latter the next with
a score of 6—o.
Buckley and Mcßride beat Walter and
Landry, 4—6, 6—4, 2—6, 6—3, B—6. This was
a very close and keenly contested series
of games, as can be seen from the score,
Buckley and Mcßride, the winners, hav
ing 26 games to their credit In five sets
and the losers having 25.
Robert Whitney beat Walter, 6—3, 6—3,
HANDBALL TOURNAMENT.
A New Pacific Coast Champion Comes
Out With a General Challenge.
The tournament handball game now be
ing played at Phil Ryan's court at 858
Howard street has been the means of
drawing renewed attention to the game
that was popular long before some of the
other American outdoor athletic sports
made their appearance in the arena.
By the tournament in this city a new
champion has come to the front in the
person of James Harlow, a San Fran
ciscan, aged 24 years, who has issued a
challenge to any handball player on the
Pacific Coast for any amount that may
be put up, the game to consist of the
standard one of the best five out of nine
aces. The young challenger is a splendid
specimen of the native athlete and has
confidence in his ability to best the oldest
and most scientific player on the coast.
The third of the series of the tourna
ment plays was concluded yesterday at
Ryan's, in which Colonel J. R. Bockman
and E. McDonough of the Ariels defeated
Dr. W. H. Slebrest and D. J. Sheehan of
the Olympics. The concluding and final
issue will be played on next Sunday after
noon, at which it is expected a large
crowd of spectators will be present to wit
ness the grand windup of the contest.
The result of yesterday's games, including
those of the tournament, are as follows:
Result of the third series of the Ariel Club
tournament: Colonel J. R. Bockman and E.
McDonough, Ariel, defeated Dr. W. H. Sleberst
and D. J. Sheehan, Olympic. Score, 21-10,
21-15.
Second game in the same series— E. McDon
ough and 8. V. Costello. Ariel, defeated D. J.
Sheehan and Dr. W. H. Sieberst, Olympic.
Score, 21-19, 21-18.
T. Leach and M. Kirby defeated J. Condon
and J. Dowling. Score. 21-16, 14-21, 21-12.
M. Magulre and J. Condon defeated D. Re
gan and E. Curley. Score, 21-19, 11-21, 21-18.
J. Lawless and M. Basch defeated P. Ryan
and J. Dowling. Score, ,621-1 14-21, 21-12.
M. McNeil and P. Steiner defeated L. Car
raine and M. Maher. Score, 21-11, 19-21, 21-17.
P. Foley and P. Herrin defeated M. Fogartr
and M. J. Stokes. Score, 21-18, 11-21, 21-15.
D. Rodgers and P. Steiner, 21, 12. 21. M. Mc-
Neil and G. McDonald, 19, 21, 17.
The event of the day: J. Harlow and M.
J. Kilgallon defeated J. C. Nealon and J.
White. Score, 21-20, 15-21, 21-16.
T. Murphy and M. Gorman defeated T. Han
lon and J. Peters. Score, 21-19, 17-21, 21-20.
OLIVET CHITRCH CASK
Pastor H. T. Shepard Explains Why
He Sues His Congregation for
His Salary.
The following letter is from Rev. H. T.
Shepard of Olivet Congregational Church,
corner of Seventeenth and Noe streets in
this city, who recently began suit against
the directors of that institution:
To the Editor of The Call: During 1897 the
pastor was criticized for being wonderfully pa
tient and he held the church to no fixed sal
ary and helped them pay street assessments of
about $700; also to pay delinquent taxes and
various small debts. The church is In debt
to three pastors, and the present suit ia
brought because of failure since January, 1898,
to pay the lowest living salary which was
pledged by both directors and church, $65 per
month, to the present pastor, that he might
meet his expenses, while paying pact debts
of the church, contracted before he came.
The church of 113 members is confessedly
able to pay this and the suit Is brought, not
against the faithful treasurer of the corpora
tion or against any loyal members or directors,
but only through them as officers of the cor
poration, who are expected to require delin
quent members to do their part with pastor
and loyal members to support the church.
At the beginning of the prestnt year the pas
tor tendered his resignation, feeling that he
had made all the sacrifice that was good for
the inexcusable delinquents, and consented to
withdraw it only upon the unanimous vote of
the church and directors and also upon a con
tract to pay $65 per month in the future. Just
two-thirds of the salary of the two former
pastors. H. T. SHEPARD.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W D Ward. Fortuna ,G Phillips, Srvcto
L, F Breuner, Sacto iW Day. Hornbrook
C L Thomas, Stanford 'J Bender &w, Boston
F D Curtis. Stanford G Mainhart, Grass Val
W Middlecoff. Stckton M Brady, Fresno
Mrs H I* Toy and Mrs Lennartz, Chicago
mother, Nipomo jMlss J Barber. Chicgo
Mrs Leslie, Cal '3 J O'Rourke, Colusa
I J Strew & w, Cal iD B Book. Yolo
S Dale. Eden Valley E Krellenburg, "Woodl
Q W Percy, Oakland H Benjamin, Sulsun
P E Ratclift, Oakland S Hirst. Vallejo
G E Wilkins. Red Biff H E Barber. Stockton
P H Elmore. Red Biff R McCraney, Sonora
F L Martin, U S V 8 Burnham, Chicago
F Engelheart & w.Vict J Goodwin. Seattle
L. Hartman, Merced J Green, Santa Crua
H Maltesta & w.Petlm F Wadsw.orth, Trek*
F Grigg, S L Obtspo A Marks, Ukian
W Swain, Marysville D Hollister. Courtland
Miss Swain, Marysvlle J Swinnerton, Stocktn
H H Seaton. Arbuckle W F Ingalls, Napa
F McLean.Grimes Ldg T Hamakar, Oregon
H Cahalan, Red Bluff jQ Hamakar. Sacto
M L Cox. Oakland I W Johnson, Stockton
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Andrews, Vallejo H L Johnson, Boston
S Johnson, R Vista H Frede & f, Fresno
D Rees, Martinez Mrs Stein, N V
H S Parry, Martinez Mrs Turner, N V
F McDowell, Vallejo Miss Gabrieleon, Stkn
L F White, Sacto G G Felsler, L Ang
A D Bell, Stockton J W Avery, Stockton
C Sweetman, Benlcla W Avery, N V
G Grant, Ukiah Mrs Warren, S Jose
J J O'Keefe, S Josa Miss Avery Stockton
J Burke, VisaJia
PALACE HOTEL.
Capt Murphy, London C Itobb'ns&w, Spokane
G X Hobletzell, w, ; c F Hal-jv, Spokane
& n, St Louis i A HeßHhaw, Butte ■
R hazard, Paris * C B Black. L An?
H Biagnive, London V D Harv*v, Granite '
H lioblnson, London , J J Ball, Granite
P Wilson, Stanford - H T ; Jnmes. . H Jo«d
C Cleveland, Greenfield H Sto,?e, Dlxon
\V A Newion, Cti'cagolL Roda;j«, bnllnaa
H Wlnans,, Washington fc lleym.i.l, N ■',
The emailest man who ever lived was
the dwarf Bebe, born in France in 1740.
He was just twenty inches high and
eight pounds in weight, when full grown.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 6, 6 p. in.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfajl in past 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka Trace 8.46 9.80
Red Bluff 0.00 2.55 4.22
Sacramento 0.00 1.61 2.84
San Francisco 0.00 2.38 1.85
Fresno 0.00 1.48 1.41
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.68 0.83
Los Angeles 0.00 O.U 2.48
San Diego 0.00 0.21 1.15
Yuma 0.00 0.20 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum temperature, 60; mean tempera-
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails through
out the region west of the Rocky Mountains.
Light rain has fallen in Western Washington
and Oregon and snow has fallen eaS' of the
Cascades. The pressure Is falling quite rapidly
In Southern California and east of the Sierras
in Nevada, Utah and Arizona. There are some
Indications of the approach .of a moderate
storm to Southern California from the south
ward. Colder weather Is expected in Nevada
and Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 5, 1898.
Northern California— Cloudy Monday; prob
ably with light showers in south portion; cool
er, brisk north wind.
Southern California— Cloudy Monday, prob
ably with light showers; cooler, with wind
shifting to north.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday, probably
with local snow; colder.
Utah— Cloudy Monday, probably with local
snow, colder.
Arizona — Probably light showers in south
portion; local snow In north portion Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Monday; cooler; wind shifting- to north and in
creasing in force.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals— Clear;
wind south, 14 miles; maximum temperature
60; current, 68. W. H. HAMMON,
- Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
December, 1898. '
We
Moon** Phases.
ad Last Quarter,
B-
j^V Kew Mooa.
Sip December 18,
•m First Quarter,
W Peoember 19.
©Full Moon.
December ; 37.
2
T
4
»
10
16
18
XI
IT
13
3i
XI
■Ml
HI
- -.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, V. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 8.
Sun rises 7:11
Sun sets 4:50
Moon rises 11:45 p. m.
s-
is
5 ...
6 ...
7 ...
8 ...
Ft.
|H
3:1
8::
Ft.
10:19
11:02
11:49
Ft.
!
1.2
1,6
2.2
9 ...
10 ...
11 ...
12:;
H
7:1
7:1
8:!
i
9:17
10:22
| 11:20
! ■. ■ :
5.5
3.8
♦ .0
2::
!:;
I 0.:
: 0.:
;_r,.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. * The
second time column gives the" second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
aaw i
t
cc
:
c
China and Japan.. I
Tacoma
Faquina Bay
Portland
Coos Bay
Cooe Bay I
Portland |
Newport |
Portland i
Crescent City
Honolulu
Humboldt
Dec. 5
Dec. 5
Dec. 5
Dec. B
Dec. 5
Dec. 5
Dec. 5
Dec. 5
Dec. 6
Dec. 6
Dec. 6
Dec. C
Dec. 7
Dec. 7
Dec. 7
Dec. 7
Dec. 8
Dec. 8
Dec. 9
Dec. 8
[Dec. g
Dec. 9
Dec. 9
Dec. 9
I Dec. 9
[Dec. 11
IDec. 11
[Dec. 11
State California i
Del Norte I
Australia
Chllkat
Corona |;
Progreso I
Ruth
Navarro
Walla Wa11a....
Wellington I
City of Peking..!
Pomona J
Lakme I
City of Panama;
Cleveland
Orizaba ]
Curacao I
Columbia I
North Fork !
Santa Rosa '
San Diego
Seattle
Tlllamook Bay
Yaqulna Bay !
Victoria & Puget Sound!
Departure Bay ]
China and Japan
Humboldt
Puget Sound
Panama ,
Puget Sound
Newport
Mexico
Portland
IHumboldt
San Diego
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
an Diego Dec. 5, 11 am! Pier 11
lumboldt Dec. 6. 2 pm I Pier 9
'uget Sound.. E>ec. 6, 10 ami Pier 2
iregnn Ports. Dec. 6, 10 am I Pier 20
% ooa Bay Dec. 6, 4 pm]Pler 13
Jewport Dec. 7, 9 am|Pler 11
rler lc & Pgt Sd. Dec. 7, 10 amjPier 9
rumboldt iDec. 7. 2 pm Pier 13
'aqulna Bay. Dec. 7, 10 amJPler 13
anama Dec. 8. IS iniPMSS
'ortland Dec. 9, 10 amlPler 24
an Diego Dec. fl, 11 ami Pier 11
fewport IDec. 11. 9 am Pier 11
rler lc & P^t Sd/Dec. 12, 10 amiPler 9
Santa Rosa'
Pomona
C. Nelson..
Alliance ...
Arcata
Coos Bay...
Queen I
Chilkat ....I
Weeott 1
Peru
State of Call
Corona
Orizaba
Walla Wall |
■on Ports.
i Bay
port
& Pjrt Sd.
iboldt....'
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. 1 ecember 4.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 51 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Htceneme, Johnson, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 28 hours from Moss
Landing.
Ship Columbia, Windrow, 19 days from Ta
coma, via Clallam Bay 13 days.
Schr Mary Buhne, "Weber, 7 days from Eu
reka.
Schr W F Jewett, Johnson, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Lena Bweasey, Topfer, 17 days from
Tacoma.
SAILED.
Sunday, December 4.
Btmr Columbia, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Elihu Thompson, Smith Seattle.
Br ship Allerton, Foye, Portland.
Br ship Morven, Page, Portland.
Br ship Springbank. Boyd, Tacoma.
Bktn Catherine Sudden, Feasley, Graya Har-
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Dec. 4, 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind calm.
SPOKEN.
Per Chaa R Wilson— Pec 1— 40 17 N 125 07 W,
schr Azalea, from Grays Harbor for San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND- Passed out Dec 4— Ship
Henry Vlllard, from Tacoma for Quetenstown;
schr F S Redfield. from Tacoma for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 3— Bark Coloma, for
San Francisco; schr F S Redfleld, for San
Pedro.
I'ORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 4— Bktn
Northwest, from Santa Rosalia.
VENTURA— SaiIed Dec 4— Stmr Grace Dol
lar.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Dec 4— Ship Invin
cible, from Port Gamble for San Francisco;
stmr Lakme, from Seattle for San Francisco;
Br ship Belford. from Tacoma for Queenstown.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 4— Schr
Spokane, from Port Gamble for Honolulu.
Passed Dec 4 — Br ship Grenada, frm Hono
lulu for British Columbia.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 4 — Stmr Chllkat, he
Dec 2; stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro; stmr
Alliance, from Portland.
SAILED Dec 4— Stmr Laguna, for San Fran-
Cisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 4— Br ship Balasoro,
hence Nov 18.
Sailed Dec 3— Stmrs Navarro and Weeott, for
San Francisco. 4— Stmr State of California,
for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Deo 4 — Schr Spo
kane, for Honolulu.
USAL— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Frunoisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 4— Stmrs Sequoia
and Coqullle River, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr La Gas
cogne, from Havre.
ROX'THAMPTON— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Bar
barotisa, (mm New York for Bremen.
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Western
land, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool for New York.
A
A stenographer for a large law firm in Boston had a rather
common experience : "My work," she said, vis very nervous and ex-
acting, and, I used to leave the office utterly exhausted. At night I
would often have* the most horrible dreams, and sometimes wake up in
a cold sweat. Once I found myself sitting bolt upright in bed clutch-
ing the bed clothes frantically with both hands. I became so dis-
heartened that I finally told my employer I must give up my position,
but he laughed, and said he wanted me to stay, and then suggested
that I try his remedy for such troubles. He gave me half a dozen
Ripans Tabules and told me to take one after dinner and another
before going to bed. I did so, and rested better that very* night
Now, whenever I feel nervous, I take just one Tabule before retiring
and I sleep right through till morning, and get up thoroughly rested
and ready for business. For a sleep-producer and a auieter oi tin
serves, these Tabules are simply wooderful/'
AUCTION SALES.
SECOND ANNUAL SALE
£2» OF ■$»:
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
-^- FROM THE
NAPA STOCK FARM,
: A. B. SPRECKELS, ESQ.
. To Be Sold Without Reserve.
AT AUCTION
<By Electric Light, at 7:30 p. m.) -
TUESDAY, Dec. 6th, 1898,
In case sale Is not concluded, will be continued
on the following evening, at Salesyard,
Corner Market Strand Van Ness Aye.
The Yearlings offered are the entire consign-
ment of the Napa Stock < Farm, ■ the property
of A. B. SPRECKELS, ESQ., cjid are guaran-
teed as unbroken and untried, and the finest
individuals that will be offered in the sales ring
this season, the produce of such sires , as Th*
Judge (imp.), Idalium (Imp.), Creighton (imp.).
Eolo ■ (the brother to St. Saviour), Gen. Miles,
Puryear D and Lew  Weir, from dams which
were good race mares and have proved them-
selves producers of good and fast race horses,
and whose breeding cannot be excelled. ' These
Yearlings are in splendid condition and are
ready to go to work.
Catalogues will be ready Wednesday, No-
vember 30. Horses at ■ yard Friday, Decem-
ber 2. •
I-;.;.. KILLIP & CO.,
LIVE STOCK AUCTIONEERS,
Office, 11 Montgomery street. ■
WELL-KEPT FURNITURE
THIS DAY (MONDAY), AT 11 A. M.
311 OCTAVIA ST.. NEAR OAK. '
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 802 Market.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co, ,
ttLr ' Steamers } leave Broadway
Tot i- wharf, San Francisco:
ItfSiPjS&k For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
■RjHk Dec. 2. 7. 12. ITT 22. 17. Jan. 1.
' l^fe^!\iAl change at Seattle. '
! ■kSH « For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
MltMl^''flnßl C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^^fliVßiereu Tacoma, Everett, Anacorte*
and New Whatoom (Wash.),
10 a. m., Dec: 2, 7, 13, 17, it.
27 Jan 1. • and every ■ fifth day thereafter,
change at Seattle to this company's Bteamen
forTlaska and G. N. Ry. at -faooma to N. P.
Rv at Vancouver to C. P. Ky. .. .
o^V^iHrV^'everV S&^Sr
Cru«. Monterey, Ban Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
sSTpedro,. East Su Pedro (Los Angeles), and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Dec. 8, 7 It IS, "> **1 "' «♦
Jan. 4, and every fourth day thereafter. . ■
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis ObUpo), Santa Barbara. Port
Lbs Anseles and Redondo (Los Angeles, U a.
m vSI £ 5*9, 13/ 17. 21. 25. 29. Jan. 3. and
every fourth day thereafter. „ _ . "
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del'
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Dec. 15, Jan.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to cnang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
and h<iiirs of sailing:.
tIOKKT OJTFIOE-4 New Montgomery
street ' (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen. Agts., ,
■ 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
-From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Bertha
IArIC $8 Second Class and Meals. ■
COLUMBIA. 8ai15.... Nov. 24. Dec. 4. 14, M
STATE OF CAL. sails .... Nov. 29, Dec », IS, 29
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, . Butts,
Helena and all points In the North
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. : WARD, General Agent, .
- - 620 Market street
GOODALfi. PERKINS & CO..
. : r- .. Superintendent*. .;
Gompagnie Generale Transatlantic
- '- ; - * (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _-^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, " ill Ss&ig&S,
River, foot of Morton street. • :
LA GASCOGNE - ......Dec. IB
LA CHAMPAGNE ....Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE .....Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE Dec. 31
LA GASCOGNE.. ...:....... .Jan. 7
First class to Havre, $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. . Second class to
Havre, *45, ■10 per cent reduction round trip. -
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 8
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
jl8BB8bkj&i9B&W&& s. 's. Australia
ia^T^wii&iiiiSßfc 88 * 118 for Honolulu
W^fvMj &lnßa& lnBa " ilw Wednesday, December
M^niila >, 14, at 2 v. m.
fNWfl|B|lf) The S. AUSTRALIA
nPHIIIL^" 3 iOT Honolulu
K|™" December
■ 14, at 2 v. m.
G*SZA]~\ The a - ALAMEDA
W&S&aB WMMriNI D^ Balls vla Honolulu and
J^^^CylwniJllll/ Auckland for Sydney
XZ&Sr (Ofl1BuR«* Wednesda December
\v>lipwtq M at 1Q p m
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, .»
. , v . 114 Montgomery st.
■ Freight office— Market Ft.. Far; Francleoo.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
AND VALLEJO77
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at..... .'. .
9:46 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thura.)
Friday 5......... ;...:..l p. m. and 8:80 p. m.
5unday5.. "."............■.... 1»:M a. m. and 3 p. m.
■• Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier L i
■ ■■■■■. Telephone Main 1508. ■ ' -
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABHT ST. Established
, in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. - Debility or
I disease wearing on bodyandmindand
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. . Try him. Charges low. }
('iirencnar.iDfrrd. Callorwrite,
X>r. J. f. UfBBOHi Box 1937. San Francisco,
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SENTIMENT IN
LIEU OF LAW
IN ALAMEDA
Mrs. MentePs Fate Is
Food for Guessers.
THE FALLMER PRECEDENT
LOS ANGELES USED TO CLUB
OAKLAND'S SILURIANS.
Local Ordinances Enforced by Turns.
No Chinese Lottery This
Week, but Plenty of
Cigarettes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Dec. 4.
Last Christmas a pretty young murder- i
ess was released from the County Jail by
one of Alameda's typical juries. This
Christmas another fair young mur
deress will be in the County Jail,
and Oakland is guessing as to ,
what extent the first case will j
be taken as a precedent for the second. !
Both crimes were the same— each girl shot !
her lover dead on a sidewalk in Alameda. j
It being always admissible to apply pre
cedents to current issues, the public can- ,
not be blamed for doing so in the inter
esting cases of Mrs. Mentel and Miss Fall
xner.
A close comparison of these two cases
Would seem to justify the Judge at the
preliminary examination at once discharg
ing Mrs. Mentel. Up to this time nothing j
has been said about her character to
prejudice it, but everything concerning !
her reputation is such as to make it ap- :
pear that slip is a model young woman, j
Clara Fallmer did not have such favorable !
testimony before the jury. She did have j
a Chinese lover from whom she borrowed j
the pun with which she killed poor La-*
due. But she- was young and pretty, and I
it was Christmas eve when the jury wont j
Into its room to consider its verdict. And
who could be supposed to follow the law
on Christmas eve?
From present indications it will be about
Christmas eve when Mrs. iientcl's case is |
submitted to the Judge a.tterA\er prelim- j
lnary examination. Judges, as a rule, are
not as sentimental as Jurors, because, be- |
ing lawyers, they set a professional value ;
on the arguments of professional men.
Unless a sweeping change has come over \
the average Alameda County jury in the :
past few months, it would actually seem
advisable for Mrs. Mentel to be set free ;
at once and not to subject her to a long
and costly trial which would be but a j
good advertisement for her should she af- !
terward go on the stage or write a book. I
"Until after the trial the details of the !
case may not be discussed. But their pos- j
Bible effect on a jury is subject for specu- j
a if°ail that has been said by the parents
■nd friends of Anna Mentel be true, the
foundation has been knocked from under
t ne system of training young people tha-t
has hitherto been supposed to be eminent
ly proper. Anna, we are told, was never
away from home in her life after 8
o'clock, and was always safely tucked
away in bed before 9, unless in company
with her father, her mother or her
younger sister, she went to a theater.
This beautifully puritanical method of |
living was practiced unbroken until just j
one month ago, on which occasion Anna j
went to visit a lady friend in Berkeley !
for three days, so she told her mother, ;
It now appears that a portion of those
three days Anna was in San Jose getting
married to the man she has murdered. If
all this be true it is a revelation that in
one month such a girl could develop into
a deceiver of her parents, a secret wife
and a murderess. This suggests one more
cruel thought. If Anna were deceptive
for one month, why not for a year or
years ?
This is an entirely original view of local
Juries, for recently the Enquirer thus
complimented men who convicted a hu
ma'i beast:
"In view of the reputation Alamtia. j
County juries have for rendering verdicts
not in accord with public sentiment. It is I
but due to the twelve talesmen in this !
case that their names be published. Here i
If. the list: D. W. Pratt. William B!ij3,
Charles Tock, N. T. Boyle, M. Borges,
L. T. Brown, Hiram Bailey, William
Peru. J. Tyson, Henry Hanschildt, H. W.
Brunsnn, John Harrington."
The execution of the local ordinances in
Oakland resembles a checker-board—
eometimes a black square, sometimes a
white one. l month ago the City Council
during a spasm of virtue passed an ordi
nance making it « misdemanor to sell cig
arettes in the city, of Oakland. It went
further. It made It a crime to give one
away within the city limits, and also
made it criminal to smoke one in a public
place. This ordinance went into effect
and for a few hours afterward not a ciga
rette could be bought in Oakland. It was
well known, however, that nearly every
cigar store and many quiet basements {
harbored a Chinese lottery joint, but these
had been unmolested for a couple of
years, and not until the racing season
commenced did the police with a flourish !
of trumpets swoop down on the Chinese j
gamblers. One might almost think that
the bookmakers had prayed for the raid
on the Chinese at that particular time.
For two weeks no one has been able to I
buy a Chinese lottery ticket, but all over j
town cigarettes can now be bought in any
quantity. When cigarettes will be again
suppressed and Chinese lotteries ply their
trade unseen is a query of supreme inter
est to many pecple "on the street" in this
city.
At a gathering of nrominent gentlemen
a few nights to discuss park sites
some very bitter things were said of Oak
land and some very warm compliments
were paid Los Angeles. So plainly was
the contrast drawn between the two cities
that an idea almost new took possession
of the gathering. It was that if Oakland
is to be stirred to doing anything in the
way of improving itself, It must be done
largely by educating its people to the
contrast between their city and the south
ern metropolis. Rev. Dr. McLean rather
surprised his friends by stating that he
harl just borrowed money to pay his
taxes and he would willingly borrow more
for the same purpose if he were being
taxed to pay for permanent improve
ments. The reverend doctor made one sig
nificant remark. Doui.Uess the early his
tory of Oakland was passing through the
doctor's mind when he said: "It may
be unfortunate that that beautiful point
to the north of Lake Merritt belonged to
a family of the name of Adams, but
the city should not be prejudiced by that
fact. If" the name be unpleasant, then let
us buy the property and give it some
other name, so that we shall not hear the
name of Us present owner quite so much."
Mr. Marshall told some v«ry painful
truths when he said: "The wealihy people
of Los Angeles have contracted the habit
of giving something to their city before
they die. The wealthy men of Oakland
have not yet contracted the habit of giv
ing anything while they live or of leav
ing anything when they die." Unfortu
nately this is true, for outside of the
Chabot Observatory and the clock in the
City Hall tower presented by Dr. Merritt
nearly a generation ago, what is there in
the municipality to commemorate the vast
wealth made here by the Carpentlers
Adamses. Moons, Merritts, Delgers and
the other millionaires who have passed
away ?
Alameda is not greedy politically; she is
merely ambitious. She wants her people
to be prominent in every department of
State government and in other places
where people are constantly in the public
eye. This remark is suggested by the fact
that at this time she has a man "men
tioned" for each of the following places:
Recorder Spear for San Francisco Harbor
Commissioner, Councilman Pringle and
W. Nat Friend for Secretary of the Code
Commission, Judge Pringle for Commis
sioner of the Supreme Court, James M.
Oliver for clerk of the Senate, Rev. Bar
ton Perry for legislative chaplain. Hod
Church and Frank Barnett for deputy
ships in one of the State departments.
Deputy District Attorney A. A. Moore Jr.
for the Attorney General's office, and
there are others.
In addition to these ambitions Alameda
County now has a Supreme Justice, a
Commissioner of Immigration, a Labor
Commissioner, a Deputy Labor Commis
sioner, a Prison Director, a Mint Super
intendent, a Prison Warden and various
minor- plums, so that aJtogether it is not
surprising that Alameda is considered in,
politics as an ambitious county. After so
gracefully yielding to Mr. Gage at Sacra
mento she cannot be called grasping.
At intervals Alameda asks for a branch
Receiving Hospital. The request Is not
unreasonable, and probably no other city
of its size is without some such institu
tion. A few nights ago a young woman
with a serious wound in her head was
brought to the Oakland hospital in a fur
niture wagon, in which she was driven
two or three miles over (he rocky marsh
road from the city across the encinal.
Alameda has the finest municipal building
in this county, and it is a disgrace 10 the
county that there Is not provision for pre
venting such indignities to citizens as are
seen whenever an emergency arises.
STUART W. BOOTH.
CAPTURE OF KELLEY.
Arrested for Drunkenness, He Is
Held on a Felony Charg-e.
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— George Kelley was
arrested this morning on a charge of an
assault with a deadly weapon. The police
and detectives have been on the lookout
for this man since last July. One even
ing during that month Keiley, "Doc"
Walsh and a man named Roden, called
for free drinks at the Long Wharf Saloon,
West Oakland, and being refused they set
upon a bartender. Julius La Fleur^ with
iron rods and nearly beat him to death.
Before the police could be summoned the
fellows made «rood their escape.
Shortly thereafter Roden and Walsh
were captured in Sacramento. At their
preliminary examination on charges of
assault with deadly weapons they were
released.
Kelley kept out of sight until last Wed
nesday, when he was arrested for drunk
enness at Seventh an» Myrtle streets.
His time at the C«»- Prison expired this
morning, when he was Immediately turned
over to Constable Edward Weidier, who
lodged him in the County Jail on the
charge first mentioned.
TRANSFORMATION OF
OAKLAND'S NARROWGAUGE
BBOADGAUGE TBAINS NOW BUN
ON WEBSTilxt STBEET.
Cars Fitted With Modern Conveni
ences and Much Better Time
Made.
Oakland OftV« San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 4.
The practical transformation of the
narrow-gauge local system into standard
gauge was inaugurated this morning, and
broad-gauge trains were run on Web
ster Btreet.
The cars, while they are by no means
new, are far superior to the old narrow
gauge coacheß. They are fitted with all
modern conveniences and add much to
the comfort and safety of the patrons of
the road. The locomotives used are also
in good condition, having been con
structed from engines that were found
too light for the overland service.
The heavier traffic has naturally neces
sitated the strenghtening of the mole and
approaches, and to obviate all danger
new piles have been driven where they
will do the most good. It is a matter of
only a few years, however, when there
will be practically no trestle between the
mole and the shore, as the filling in and
work of reclaiming the marsh lands and
fiat at the mole is progressing rapidly.
The cars formerly used on the narrow
gauge locals are decidedly better equipped
than those now in commission on the
Alameda trains, and it is understood the
former Oakland cars will now be used
on the locals in Alameda. It is not un
likely, however, that the Alameda nar
row-gauge will eventually also be trans
formed, since rumors to that effect are
floated periodically.
• m »
Church Services in Oakland.
OAKCAND, Dec. 4.— At St. Paul s Epis
copal Cnurch the regular monthly musi
cal service was given to-night, and an
excellent programme, the first half of
the "Holy City," by Alfred Gaul, was
i executed.
Rev. C. H. Hobart to-night commenced
a series of lectures at the Fir.n Baptist
i Church on "Practical Questions for
i Thinking People." The particular topic
!of the first lecture was, "What Does
■ Christianity Need to Make It Christian."
The Christian Women's Missionary So
ciety held its anniversary at the First
Christian Church to-night.
At the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church
to-night Rev. C. M. Hill discussed "Mar
tin Luther."
"Our Lord, Our Father, Our Captain,"
was the topic of an able sermon delivered
by Rev. \V. P. Andrews this morning at
A'sbury M. E. Church.
Rev. J. T. Sunderland, at the First Uni
tarian Church, to-day spoke on "The
Ministry of Sorrow."
Rev. Mardon D. Wilson officiated at the
evening services in St. John's Episcopal
Church to-night, while Rev. Floyd J.
: Mynard delivered the morning sermon on
i "Deity, Self-limited."
Mrs. Mary L. Phillips, for thirty years
a Free Baptist missionary in India, de
j livered a lecture at the First Free Bap
j tist Church to-night, when a missionary
! concert was also given. h
In addition to a brief sermon by Rev.
J. R. Knodell at the Pilgrim Congrega
tional Church to-night, William F. Went
! worth gave several appropriate readings.
Rev. £. McClish. D. D., president of the
i University of the Pacific, occupied the
I pulpit of the First M. E. Church this
j morning, and to-night the pastor. Rev.
I Dille. spoke on "Higher Criticism."
"The Worship of the World to Come"
; was the subject of Rev. Charles R.
I Brown's morning sermon at the First
i Congregational Cnurch to-day.
Dr. Coyle, at the First Presbyterian
Church, to-night preached on "Christian
ity and the Social Problem."
A German trial for swindling with
forged autographs of Martin Luther
I brought out the fact that the ink used by
Luther 350 years ago is so good that copies
I can still be taken from It.
1
ANDREWS MAY TAKE
BERKELEY COLLEGE
/
BERKELEY, Dec. 4.— Much interest was shown to-day in the faculty
and student body of the University of California when it was learned
that President E. Benjamin Andrews, formerly of Brown University,
had resigned from his office as Superintendent of the Chicago public
schools. The news Is understood to have a very important bearing: upon
the question of the presidency of the University of California.
When the present head of the faculty at Berkeley handed in his resig
nation recently, the Board of Regents, in looking for a successor, took into
consideration the names of several eminent professors and presidents of
Eastern colleges. Among these none was more prominently mentioned
than President Elisha Benjamin Andrews of Brown. But at that time he
was just commencing his work as head of the Chicago public school sys
tem. Other candidates were accordingly sought for, among them Presi
dent Hyde of Bowdoin and President Gates of Amhurst.
Dr. Andrews' resignation, handed in yesterday to the Chicago Board
of Education, peaces the whole matter in an entirely different light, and
makes him the most available candidate to succeed President Martin J.
Kellogg. The time of his resignation was also very opportune, as the
committee of the Board of Regents Is to'meet before the end of this month
to settle upon its recommendation as to who shall be Berkeley's next
president.
President Andrews is a Bcholar of more than national fame, and one of
the leading educators of the East. He is 54 years of age, and an aggressive,
original student. In 18R3 he became professor of history and political econ
omy at Brown University, and five years later was elected to the same of
fice at Cornell. In 1889 he was chosen president of Brown, which position
he held until this year. He is the author of "Institutes of General His
tory" and "Institutes of Economics," and a member of the Rhode Island
Historical Society, the American Economic Association and the Ameri
can Historical Association.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1898.
HIS HEARSE
WAS HIS ONLY
FUNERAL TRAIN
Mentel Buried With
out Ceremony.
RELATIVES SHOW NO GRIEF
MUBDEBESS' CLAIM OF SELF
DEFENSE NOT JUSTIFIED.
Autopsy Physicians State One of the
Shots Was Fired After Mentel
Had Fallen With a Bullet
in His Brain.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 4.— The body of Wil
liam F. Mentel, the young man who was
killed in this city by his bride of a month,
was interred to-day in the Masonic ceme
tery in San Francisco. No ceremonies
preceded the burial and no mourner fol
lowed the body to its last resting place.
The remains were interred in a plain
redwood coffln. The only embellishments
were four handles devoid of ornament
and a nickel plate on which was en
graved the name and age of the deceased.
This morning Mrs. James Kerwin of San
Francisco and Miss Johanna Mentel, sis
ters of the murdered man, took a final
look at the corpse, the undertaker closed
the coffln lid and his assistants carried it
to the awaiting hearse. •
The relatives of the deceased will make
no special effort to assist in the prosecu
tion of the woman who murdered the
young man. Since the death of their
parents, Mentel and his sisters have grad
ually drifted apart, and at the time of
the tragedy there was little in common
between them. His brother-in-law, J. L.
Ansel, voiced the family feeling in his
testimony last night at the Coroner's in- j
quest. He said he presumed young Men
tel had all he could do to attend to his ■
own business, and that he (Ansel) and j
his wife had found their time fully occu- !
pied doing the same. He knew nothing j
of the young man's affairs and was In- j
different as to his fate.
The autopsy physicians were Indignant i
at a statement published in a morning j
paper crediting them with the assertion
that from the course of the bullets it
was their opinion that the woman must
have been lying down when she fired the I
shots. No such testimony was given at '
the inquest. Dr. E. M. Keys, one of the j
physicians, stated to-day to a Call re
porter that all the doctors present at the I
autopsy agreed that the woman was
standing when she fired.
"From the course of the bullets and
the nature of the wounds any other the- >
ory is preposterous," said the doctor, i
"Any assertion that we gave out the
statement that the shots were flred by a
person lying on the ground is absolutely '
false."
The doctor said that the first shot to j
take effect was the one that passed
through the head. He stated that the '
bullet that inflicted the flesh wound rang- I
ing from the left nipple to the fleshy por
tion of the right shoulder was fired af
ter deceased had fallen to the sidewalk. ;
He bases this assertion on the fact that j
the bullet was found imbedded just under '■
the skin of the shoulder. He said it j
would have passed through the skin had !
it not come" in contact with some hard
surface. The deceased ten sugntl\ oil
his right side, and the physicians claim i
that his shoulder was resting on the !
stone sidewalk, which checked the bullet j
in its course. The leaden missile is flat- j
tened on the point, but no other portion of |
it shows evlden.ee of having come in con- j
tact with any hard substance. The au
topsy showed it had not struck any of
the bones.
Young Uriue's Sad Death.
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— The death of Mrs.
Elmer Blair, which occurred on Thansgiv
ing day at the home of her grandfather,
James Stephens, near Chico, was doubly
sad on account of her youth and being a
bride of but two months. She was former
ly Miss Worley. The young woman having
heard of several railroad accidents had
telegraphed on Monday to her husband
to learn whether or not he had been in
jured, he being employed on the railroad
at Rocklin. Failing to receive a prompt
answer she was suddenly taken 111 at the
telegraph office, and was taken to the
Stephens residence, but she grew worse
and her nervous attack developed Into
spinal meningitis.
Death of Martin Mendenhall.
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— Martin Menden
hall, another pioneer, died at his home
near Llvermore a few days ago. His ill
ness commenced over a year ago with a
cancerous growth on one of his hands,
and, though treated by specialists, the
disease afterward reappared on his rig».i.
side, and during the past seven months
he was contlned to his bed, suffering ex
cruciatingly. Deceased was a native of
Qwvne County, Ohio, aged 70 yars. In
'49 he came across the plains to California
with ox teams and engaged in cattle rais
ing. He leaves three children— Mri. Clara
Carey, Mrs. Edward Allen and Mcs. Dora
Brock, ali cf Livermore.
Luther P. Fisher's Funeral.
OAKLAND. Dec. 4.— The last request of
the late Luther P. Fisher, made in a
letter which was found after his death
last week, wherein he tabooed the use of
a casket and hearse, will be Ignored, and
the funeral will take place to-morrow
morning at 10:30 o'clock from the First
Congregational Church. Dr. Mooar will
officiate, and will be assisted by the
pastor, Rev. Dr. Brown. These arrange
ments were finally decided upon last
night when Miss Lucy B. Fisher, daugh
ter of the deceased, arrived from Phila
delphia.
New Deputy Coroner for Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 4.— lt Is announced
that a change will te made In the office
of Deputy Coroner for Alameda as soon
as Coroner-elect Mehrman takes office.
At present the position is held by James
Fowler. Dr. Mehrman stated this even-
Ing that many appeals had been made to
him to change the Alameda deputy, and
that while he had the matter under con
sideration he had reached no definite con
clusion. Much influence has been brought
to bear to have him give the office to H.
G. Gallagher, and it is admitted by the
Coroner's friends here that If a change
in the deputyshlp is made Gallagher will
get the appointment.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 4.— The City Trustees
will meet to-morrow night and among
the important matters with which they
will have to grapple will be the City Mar
shal problem. Since the publication in
The Call that the charter compelled the
Trustees to appoint a successor to Mar
shal Rogers, all the aspirants for the
position have renewed their efforts to se
cure the prize.
Halcyon Parlor, N. S. G. W., will give
a ladles' night to-morrow evening.
Dr. Babcock to Lecture.
BERKELEY, Dec. 4.-Dr. Kendrlck C.
Babcock of the history department in the
university of California has been engaged
to deliver a course of three lectures dur
ing December at the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art, San Francisco. The lectures
will be given as part of the university ex
tension course planned to last through
the winter season. They will all bear upon
phases of United States history. The
dates and subjects have been arranged as
follows: "The Unique Opportunity Of
fered by the New World," December 5;
The American Scene in the World
Drama," December 12; "America's Contri
bution to the World's Progress," Decem
ber 19.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Dec. 4.— The Californian,
the daily paper published at the Univer
sity of California, is preparing to issue
shortly an edition devoted to the names
and statistics of the Berkeley students
who went to the front in the recent war.
A. W. Palmer, a student in the junior
class of the University of California, who
has been seriously ill at his home on Kit
tredge street for the last two weeks, was
removed to Fabiola Hospital yesterday,
as his condition is pronounced by his phy
sicians to be very critical.
SOLD WIFE FOB JACKKNIFE.
The True Story as Belated by the
Man Who Purchased the Wife.
A visitor here who had been fishing in
the lower waters of Cheat River in West
Virginia told the following story, which,
if it be without merit in every other par
ticular, has the merit of being true, says
a Deer Park dispatch to the Baltimore
Sun.
'*A party of four, two visitors and two
expert fishermen from this vicinity, went
into the wilds of West Virginia on Cheat
River to fish for bass. We met with one
old man over 70 years who had newr
seen a railroad train, although he had
lived within a few miles of the Baltimore
and Ohio ever since it had been con
structed. Another queer character we
met while we were encamped In the wild
derness was a little fellow who claimed
to be a Constable or some other sort of
a peace officer. He told us of two men
living in the neighborhood who had some
years previously traded wives, one giv
ing the other a jackknife to boot. We
questioned his veracity, but he vehe
mently declared his story was true, and
gave us the names of the parties.
"After two days' hard fishing In the
roughest stream I have ever tried to
wade. with poor success, we started
across the mountains on our return. We
had not gone many miles when we met
a man apparently 55 years of age. We
stopped to make some Inquiry in refer
ence to the roads, and, recalling the
Constable's story, asked the stranger If
he had ever heard of two men
In that neighborhood who had ex
changed wives, one giving the other a
jackknife to boot. He replied that he
knew all the parties very well, and said
he knew all about the jackknife trade,
as it was called, but that the story
was often told incorrectly. W T e asked
him if he would give us the true version
of the affair, and, remarking that we
were strangers, he agreed to tell us what
we were anxious to know. This is the
story he told us, and I think it lays the
'Strange Scheme of Randolph Mason' in
the shade. %B*H to the story.
" 'Christian Maslin and Eliza J. Dodson,'
said the stranger, 'were married In the
year 1870, in Fayette County, Pa., by one
Isaac Justice. Ine young people settled
down and began housekeeping in Pennsyl
vania, where they lived together about
two years. Maslin was somewhat dissi
pated, and in consequence things did not
go smoothly wita the couple. After two
years of married life in Fayette County,
Pa., they returned to West Virginia and
separated, the young wife returning to her
father's home. The husband settled down
to farming, or what they call farming in
this country. Maslin hired as his house
keeper a sprightly young woman named
Louisa A. Grimes, who remained at the
head of his cabin establishment for about
three years. At the end of "that time Mas
lin was desperately in love with the
housekeeper, and wished to marry her,
but Maslin's wife, who was living in the
same neighborhood, was in the way.
" 'At this time Maslin met me, Samuel
M. Williams, and told me he wished to get
rid of his wife. I a"ked him why he did
not sell her. Maslin replied that he would
sell her quick enough if htf could get any
one to buy, and aslted me what 1* would
give. I happened to have at that time an
old rusty jaokknife, and told him I would
give him the knife for his wife. He s»ald
tie would take it, and the deal was made
right there. The next day Maslin and I
went to the County Clerk and I got a li
cense to marry Mrs. Maslin. whom I had
purchased, and he got a. license to marry
his housekeeper, Grimes.
" 'At this time Mrs. Maslin was
employed by Andrew Sinkler. We
all met at his house on February 28,
1R74. and were married by Preacher Sam
uels. Maslin and his housekeeper, wife
No. 2, still live together, and have a large
family. Mrs. Maslin and I lived very hap
pily together for two years. At the end
of that time she returneu home and staid
there two years, and then returned to me.
We lived happily until February, 1898,
when she again left me and went to live
with her brother.
" 'About two years ago there was a
great revival in the German Baptist
Church in our neighborhood, and I be
came a member of that church. Some of
the officers of tne church heard of my
strange story, and the matter was in
vestigated by the church authorities,
who decided that I must get a divorce or
leave the church, as our marriage was
unlawful, and they said it was a clear
case of living in adultery. I am now on
my way to consult a lawyer to get me
out of this scrape. I don't know what is
to become of Maslin.'
"From the simple way In which this
man told his story it seems never to have
occurred to him that any law had been
violated or that any wrong had been done.
Maslin Is stilf living with wife No. 2.
and seems to have no fear of punishment
here or hereafter."
■ * ■
THE r OLD KIND OF DOCTOB.
Many of us remember the old country
doctor and can recall his shrewd,
beaten face, "frosty but kindly." A few
of us have seen him in his gig drawn by a
spirited and energetic horse. Next to Lie
pastor ho was the most Important mem
ber of the village community, and within
a circle of ten miles everybody knew "the
old doe," and he knew everybody and
everybody's horse and dog. Usually he
had a college degree, and retained a
pretty good taste in literature. His pro
fessional training was acquired by an ap
prenticeship to his predecessor, supple
mented perhaps by "walking the hos
pitals." Possibly he was not very scien
tific, but some of his remedies were of
wondrous potency and reached down
clear to where you lived and stirred up
the foundations of things as the pastor's
theology stirred up the conscience. He
gave no sugar-coated pellets, but good
Calvinlstic pills of his own compounding,
of a searching and uncompromising qual
ity, "trying the hearts of men" and cal
culated for what Virgil (or is it Horace?)
refers to as "the robust entrails of tne
mowers." The large ones, as we remem
ber, were roundish masses of material of
a putty-like consistency and dark color,
and were called "boluses." Boluses were
not administered to children.
T T nder a humorous and whimsical and
sometimes crusty exterior the old doctor
concealed kindliness and sympathetic in
terest in his fellow men. Perhaps he
was a little arbitrary, but he brought into
the sick room an atmosphere of cheer and
confidence. He practiced "mind-cure" un
awares for the old-fashioned authority of
the professional man invested him wit., a
mysterious influence.
At his approach complaint Brew mild.
And when his hand unbarred the shutter.
The clammy lips of fever smiled
The welcome which they could not utter.
A museum In Berlin has secured pos
session of Luther's Bible, which he used
in his study. Its margins are covered
with notes in the reformer's handwriting.
It was printed In Bale In the year 1509,
and it is said to be in an excellent state
of preservation.
BERKELEY MAY
GET BANCROFT'S
MANY VOLUMES
Regents Anxious to
Secure His Library.
A WORLD-FAMOUS COLLECTION
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA ITS
NATURAL HOME.
The Opinion Freely Expressed That
It Should Never Be Permitted
to Be Sold Outside the
Stat*.
The Bancroft Library, one of the most
valuable of its kind In the world, may fin
ally find a place In the University of Cali
fornia, where, it is generally conceded, it
properly belongs. Regeiits of the uni
versity have had a number of conferences
with Librarian Rowell of the State in
stitution of learning, and they will bring
every Influence to bear in order that the
valuable manuscripts may not be lost to
the students of California.
The library, which is the property of
Hubert Howe Bancroft, is valued at from
$230,000 to $500,000, and has been on the
market for some years. Several Eastern
colleges have been mentioned as possible
purchasers from time to time, but a sale
has yet to be consummated. The ma
terial Is chiefly in manuscript form, and
was used in the compilation of the his
tories bearing Mr. Bancroft's name. Some
kindly critics have made the assertion
that the original material is better than
the finished product, which was com
piled by all sorts and conditions of people
irrespective of their* qualifications for the
work. The library is contained in a brick
warehouse on Valencia street, near
Twenty-seventh. It is simply stored
there In a fireproof building. There Is no
thought of making it available for
students or others. The data it contains
was compiled at great expense of both
energy and money. It covers the entire
history of the Pacific Coast, and for that
reason is the desire so strong that it
should remain here for all time where its
value would be duly appreciated and
where it would be sacredly treasured.
Discussing the matter vesterdfly Regent
Ernest A. Denicke, who is doing yeoman
duty for the university, said: "The
matter of the purchase of the Bancroft
Library has never been discussed at any
meeting of the regents. We all appre
ciate the advantage, however, of securing
this great collection, feeling that to let it
go out of the State would be a great
public calamity. We have no fund avail
able for its purchase, as our book fund
amounts in the course of a year to but
a few thousand dollars. There are only
two ways that I can see by which we
may secure the library; either by the
Legislature apportioning sufficient money
or by some public-spirited man purchas
ing it and presenting it to the university
in his name.
"As to its value, that is something that
cannot be fixed readily. There is nothing
like it in the world, so there is no pre
cedent by which its value can be deter
mined. It is not like an ordinary collec
tion of books such as may be found in
any stationer's shop and which may have
a certain well-defined commercial value.
In common with all persons who have the
good of the university at heart, I hope
some means may be devised that will
place all this valuable historical ma
terial at the disposal of the boys and girls
who are being educated at Berkeley."
A MILLION MILLION.
What Might Have Happened if Fath
er Adam Had Had a Mathe-
matical Bent.
Professor Wagstaff, whose very name
suggests a pleasing first cousinshlp to
Shakespeare, Ras lately been amusing
himself and his audience at Gresham
College by speculations as to what
might have happened If the father of
our human race had given up delving
and taken to figures. Let us suppose
that Adam had set himself to count a
million million, or, in figures. 1,000,000,
000,000. We will imagine that he could
count three in a second, which, though
not exactly rapid ciphering, will be
found ample, if taken continuously.
Now, if 6000 years have elapsed since
the gracious amenities of Eden formed
the cradle of humanity, Adam vToula
have been working for 189,216,000,000
seconds and have reached a total of
567,648,000,000 figures. In other words,
his task of counting a million million
would still have been unaccomplished
by over four hundred thousand million
digits. All of which goes to prove
what? There are many possible con
clusions. The first is, of course, that
Professor Wagstaff is a very ingenious
and by no means melancholy mathema
tician; but that hardly needed
proof. A second deduction, which we
advance with all humility, is that if
Adam had only had habitual recourse
to harmless dissipation of this arith
metical kind, instead of betraying mar
ital weakness and a fondness for fruit,
his descendants would have been very
much better off morally and spiritually,
though not perhaps In material com
forts. And a third conclusion, emi
nently gratifying to those who refuse
to believe that there is any serious dis
cord between religion and science, is
that Professor Wagstaff, no doubt a
man of distinction in scientific attain
ments, accepts without demur Bishop
Ussher's chronology.
According to the divine the world was
created in 4004 B. C. and that, added
to the 1898' years which have elapsed
since the Christian era, makes in round
numbers the 6000 years on which the
whole calculation depends. Some way
ward "scientists" have dogmatically
affirmed that the world has been wag
ging along a good many more centuries
than Ussher supposed, although there
is a serious difference, it is true, in
this matter between the astronomers
and the geologists. So, after all, per
haps. If Adam had been reasonably in
dustrious. He would have had time to
accomplish his task, unless his brain
had given way under the strain. Most
of us have such vague ideas as to the
meaning of large figures that it is as
well to be reminded by so happy an il
lustration how many units go to the
making of a million. The only other
conceivable fashion in which such in
struction could be acquired is to be
come a South African "boss" c.-f mines
and diamonds, and that process, much
as we may desire it, is, fortunately or
unfortunately, not open to the majority
of us. — London Telegraph.
CONCERNING EABS IN SCHOOL
BOOMS.
Defective hearing Is a symptom fre
quently seen in the schoolroom about
which teachers should know something.
Pupils are sometimes considered back
ward and stupid whose worse fault is
their deafness. This Is not as common,
probably, as defective sight, but it is
quite as apt to be neglected and to lead
to disastrous results. Head colds, dis
eased conditions of the pharynx and ton
sils, and discharges from the external ear
are all common with children in this cli
mate, and are all prolific sources of per
manent deafness.
The teacher is in a position to detect
this symptom early, and should Investi
gate every case of apparent Inattention
and stupidity, especially if it is notced
that this is accompanied with persistent
mouth-breathing. The teacher can easily
inform herself about a child's hearing and
quite accurately; thus a child should be
able to hear words spoken in a clear, low
voice twenty feet away, and should be
able to hear a watch tick three feet from
either ear. Children with defective hear
ing should, of course, be seated near the
teacher's desk. Parents' attention should
always be called to this symptom, for it
is usually possible to cure it when early
treatment is instituted. Neglected, it is
very sure to become permanent.—Sanita
rian.
Spain possesses, according to the Of
ficial Register, 5 captain generals, 12
lieutenant generals, 75 generals of di
vision, 179 brigade generals and 45
staff officers with the rank of general
on the active list, with 211 more on rho
reserve list, making 557 general officers
for the army. The navy contains ar»
admiral, 6 vice admirals, 15 rear ad
mirals and 17 other officers of equal
rank to a general on the active list,
while the reserve list has 63 such offi
cers. Army and navy combined have
699 names of general officers on the
payrolls. __ ________________
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner ot Market and Third streets,' open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until S:3O o'clock.
621 McAllister street; t pen until 9:30 o'clock.
SIB Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; npen until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets : t.pen until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Command- _____
cry No. 16, K. T., fi2.". Suu-=r St.- Stated
assembly THIS EVENING at 7:30 Fj
o'clock for the transaction of business H
Visiting fraters are courteously »
invited. CHAS. L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ■
Arch Masons, meets THIS EA'ENING. _J\^
Business and degrees. By lnstruo- Tt_Pf
tlons of the H. P. /^F
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting and election of __^__
officers THIS DAY (MONDAY), De- ITX
cember 5, 1898, at 7:30 o'clock p. m. /^r '
By order of the AY. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and •
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (MON- _J^_
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, f.irW
the transaction of annual buslneae and ' >
election of officers. By order of the AY. M.,
GEO. AY. ROOT. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 138. F. and A. M.. __
121 Eddy St., will meet on TUESDAY. _JV_
the 6th, at 1 p. m., to attend the jCJf
funeral of our late brother, Thomas /^r^
Morton. Master Masons are invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
THE regular monthly ,^rtKl3ine*-^
meeting of the Society
of California Pioneers vfWtßwJl|»rJH^L
will be held nt Pioneer
EVENING, December 3,
1898. at 7:30 o'clock. «*--^ «M--^
A full attendance Is requested, as business
of importance will come before the meeting.
- ■ J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
U. A. O. D.— To the officers and members vAj
of San Francisco Grove No. 3: You are DQ
requested to attend a special meeting ""■"■
MONDAY, Dec. 5, at 1:30 p. m. sharp, at
Druids 1 building, 413 Sutter St.. for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. RICHARD H. PAUL. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery- By order
C. BARMEISTER. X. A.
H. G. MAEHLER, Secretary.
A. O. H., Division 2— The regular fe__l?>>
monthly meeting of this Division \T M
will be held in Hibernla Hall on %\\S(|
TUESDAY EVENING, December 6,_£\l&
1898, at 8 o'clock. Candidates seek- gT^K
Ing admission will please be prompt in attend-
ance. Sojourning brothers are cordinlly in-
vited. RARTLEY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Wintz Mining and Improve-
ment Company. In Its mine near Pleasant
A'all»y. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
on a flat below the mine; from Joel Bean In
the Cleveland mine No. 2. near Scales. Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Rock Creek-
from J. B. Jones, In the Haskell Valley mine'
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings on a flat below the mine; from
Thom(*s Gomez, in the Snowy Side mine,
near Buck's Ranch. Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings In Willow Creek; from N. H.
Frits, in the New York mine, near Buck's
Ranch. Plumas County, to deposit tailings In
Willow Creek; from J. C. Homer, In the
Chaplain mine, near Buck's Ranch. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in Willow Creek;
from Llewellyn A. Hoeflich, In the Rocky
Bar mine, near Nelson Point, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings In worked-out pits, and
fro'n C. W. Ayers. In the Oriole gravel mine,
near Jamestown, Tuolumne County, to deposit
tailings on a flat below the mine, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on De-
cember 12. IS9B. at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since July, 1527:
Margaret Sullivan, age 7 years; Delia Lang,
8 years; Maud Lovett, 7 years; Maclovia Pa-
dilla, 6 years; Lillian Doherty. 9 years; Anna
Hayden, 11 years. Respectfully.
SISTERS OF CHARITY.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms ?-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ad* and mihscrlptloTn taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TO the stockholders of the Hale & Norcross
Silver Mining Company — You are hereby noti-
fied that pursuant to an order and decree of
court, made on December 2, 1898, in the
case of M. AA'. Fox vs. Hale & Norcrosß Sil-
ver Mining Company, and others, the under-
'stgnf d hereby declares a dividend of $1 50 per
share on the 112,000 shares of the capital
stock of said Hale & Xorcross Silver Min-
ing Company outstanding, and will pay
such dividend at the office of the company,
room 3. Stock Exchange building. No. 331
Pine street, San Francisco, California, at and
after 10 o'clock a. m.. on TUESDAY, Decem-
ber 6, 1898. Production of certificate, satis-
factory proof of ownership of stock and right
to collect dividend will be required. Dated
December 3, IS9B. J. J. GROOM.
Receiver In case of Fox vs. Hale & Nor-
cross Silver Mining Company.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
SWEDISH second girl; also German house-
work girl, desire situations; best of refer-
ence. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter at.
SUPERIOR cook desires situation In hotel or
Institution; understands all branches of cook-
Ing: best of references. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants work
by the day; fine laundress; good worker; 75c
and car fare; other work, $1 and car fare
276 Jessie St.. near Fourth, room 1. down-
stairs; first floor.
RELIABLE woman wishes to do laundry
work nnd housec leaning by the day; first class
In every respect; best reference. MRS
MELLROSE, 3367 Twenty-sixth St.. near Mls-
COOK and all-around helper; cook English.
German, French and Hungarian: full charge
of kitchen; flrst-class pastry; hotel, boarding
house or restaurant; city or country. 24
Hunt st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation
to do general housework; Is a good cook; city
or country; moderate wages; no postals. 10
Stockton place, bet. Post and Sutter sts.
ELDERLY woman would like place to do light
housework and assist with children; small
salary; city. 112 Natoma et.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation for house-
work or go out washing by the day, or cham-
bermaid. Please call or address 32 Fourth.
A SWEDISH flrst-class cook; understands all
branches of cooking; good reference; wages
$30 to $35. 313 Sutter St.
GERMAN woman. 40 years of age. good cook,
wishes position as working housekeeper; kind
to children. f,28 Bryant st.
STRONG middle-aged woman wants position
to do office work; neat and tidy; good nurse
In sickness. 230^ Fulton st.
WANTED— Work of any kind by the day: first-
class laundress; references; flat No. 2. 418
McAllister st.
NXTMBER of girls awaiting situations at MRS.
HIRD'S Employment Office. 631 Larkin st. ;
tel. Sutter 52.
WANTED— By competent woman, housework
in a plain family; good plain cook. 116 Lily
aye., between Gough and Octnvla sts.
FIRST-CLASS French laundress wishes to do
fine washing at home. 1309 Lyon st.
PLAIN cook would like place. 1309 Stockton
fit., Humboldt House.
BY a German girl for general housework; city
or country. 759 Mission st.
LADY wishes situation as companion; la will-
Ing to travel. Box 314, Call otflce.
SITUATIONS - WAlfTED— C«mtl«««««
SITUATION ■■' as working i housekeeper wanted
by. a middle-aged' American woman; city ( ref-
erences:: good wages. Box 273. Call. .
AN experienced housekeeper wishes I Position Jin
private : family or : hotel ; best of ; references.
Address box 332. Call. . '■ -
; FIRST-CLASS seamstress (Danish) wishes sew-
. ing and chamberwork; best references. Appjy
1259 O'Farrell St.. Y. W. C. A. _.
AN < attractive, : first-class , demonstrator wishes
position; can give good references. . Address
box 423. Call office. .. ; , . ___
RELIABLE I woman wants work \XrJ^tJt^V
washing or housecleaning. Apply 1.09 Leaven-
worth 5t."... " : "'■?■ V ■■ ■ ' ~.
BY No. 1 woman, position. as cook for board-
Ing house or family: is scrupulously neat,
references. 22 Fifth St.; call 2 to 4: room 34.
SITT . *<">N wanted by middle-aged Swedish
woman as good plain cook small • family or
chamberwork. Apply at 5308 Natoma st. -
MAN and wife to take charge of hotel or place
- of resort In • country. Box 323. Call office.
INTELLIGENT lady with ' business education
wishes position as bookkeeper and cashier in
hotel; city or county; re fs. Box 329. call. T ,
POSITION as housekeeper in widower's family
by. Swedish lady: competent; good cook. Ad-
dress 262 Golden Gate aye.
SITUATIONS WANTED-iMALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
 help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. , Grant 56. -;
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
YOUNG man~< Scandinavian) steady, sober and
strictly reliable, wants work about private
place: good driver and milker; understands
plain gardening; over 5 years one place, gooa
reference; fair wages expected. A. U.. dox
475, Call Office. _____________
STEADY middle-aged man;, can take care of
garden, chickens, horse, cow, etc. reasona-
ble wages; best of references. J. D., box 4,
Call Office. . —
A PLACE as assistant bartender,' porter or be-
hind lunch counter; steady, sober and reli-
able man; saloon references. .Box 4Z6, can.
JAPANESE young boy wants position as
schoolboy without wages: family. Address
F. SHIP, box 1876.' Ca1l office. ■■ _____
YOUNG man, good worker, desires situation
j with chance to raise. Address box 42t>. call. -.
STRONG, willing boy of 16 would like to learn
the undertaking business. F.. box 14. Call.
GARDENING, driving, care of horses general
utility man, wishes a situation. Address box
280, Call office.
ILACKSMITH and horseshoer wants work; Is
a good all-round man; honest, sober and re-
liable; can do wood work also. Address W.
S., box 418, Call.
YOUNG man, graduate of business oollege,
wishes position: steady and reliable. Ad-
dress R. 8.. box 272. Call office.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position In
grocery store; best of reference. Call or ad-
dress corner Francisco and Franklin sts.
TOUNO man, sceaks English, German and
French, desires position as driver for deliv-
ery wagon. Call or address E. G., 802 Larkin.
PRIA r ATE secretary desires position with capi-
talist or attorney: 14 years' legal experience;
stenographer: exceptional references. Ad-
dress box 422, Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation to do good cook-
ing; country or in the city. Address G. 8.,
349U Minna st.
JAPANESE, trustworthy, reliable, wants po-
sition to do housework in a family or lodging-
house; has experience. T. IMAI, 519 Jessie.
CARPENTER, cabinet maker: flrst-class' me-
chanic; can take charge of work; wants work
day or contract. Call or address 120 Valley
St., between Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth.
SITUATION wanted as manager, steward or
head waiter in club, hotel or restaurant; 25
years" experience New York and California;
best references. Box 315, Call office.
AY ANTED— By man and wife place on farm
or stock ranch; Is good horse and stock man.
Address J. F. C. 8 Byington aye.
YOUNG experienced butcher wishes a p'lce,
shop or wagon; good references. Address
Kunset Market. Waller and Stanyan its
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class German
gardener; a good pruner; take care of horses
and can milk. Add. Gardener, box 1819. Call.
BUTCHER: first-class cutter. Call or address
J. H.. 2531 Sixteenth st.
i WANTED- Position by intelligent man; refer-
I ences or bonds. Address box 1864. Call office.
I
FIRST-CLASS bakery foreman (German), all
kinds of bread and cake, wants cteady situa-
tion: city or country. Call or address Baker,
940 Bryant st.
WINCHESTER House; 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 2CO rooms; 25c to $150 night: tl 50 to W
week: convenient and respectable; fr*» 'bum
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AY ANTED — Cook. small wash. a short
distance, J2">; 3 cooks, German style, $25 and
$30; girls for housework— San Rafael. $20 and
}2",; Fruitvale, $20; Tehachapi, $20; Martinez,
$20; Alameda, $20, and a large number of
girls to fill situations in city. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
j 3 WAITRESSES, first-class hotel, city. $20, see
party here at 10 o'clock Monday; 3 restau-
rant waitresses, $6 week; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
REFINED working housekeeper; must be a
good cook, institution, $40. MISS CULLEN,
32j Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, country, $10. MISS
(TLLEX, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE. $25; nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $12 per month. MISS
(TLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TAA'O second girls. $20 and $15; 12 house-
work girls, city, $20 and $25: 6 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
INA r ALID'S nurse, $25; cook, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Benlcia, $20; Gllroy, $20; Ala-
meda. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light work, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WA fTRES~s7~S2». city; chambermaid, $15; t
restaurant waitresses. $a per week each.
MISS CULLEN, 125 Sutter st.
TWO upstairs girls, Jl5; nurseglrl, $12: 2 cooks,
$2.">: waitress, $20; 10 girls for housework.
MRS. HIRD. 631 Lark In gt. |
4 WAITRESSES, city and country, $20; «
chambermaids to wait, choice city place*,
$20; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses, $20; pantry
girl for country hotel, $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
OBBMAN woman for Oakdale, see party here;
French nurse girl for country. $25; German
house girl, $25; German nurse girl, very
choice place, $15; house girl, San Rafael. $20,
see party here: house girl for small Jewish
family, $20; and many others for cooking and
housework, city and country. $12 to $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
COOK. $30; second $22; two second girls. $20
and $18; 6 housegirls. $20 and $25; German
woman as housekeeper, $12: middle-aged
woman for the country, light place, $12;
young girl to assist, $12 to $15. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
A STRONG GIRL to do housework in a small,
plain family. Apply 9 to 12 a. m.. 160 Clinton
Park. bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth sts.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 3448 Twentieth St.. corner Capp, afte*
9 a. m., with references^
WANTED— Wom*n for light housework and
sewing; sleep home. 8 Sallna place, off
Call fornla st.
WANTED— GirI for country, near Bakersfleld,
3 in family: wages $15 to $20. 81g Hayes st.
SMART _trll to learn tailoring; pay while
learning. 138 Russ^st.
WANTED- A neat girl to mind a baby. Ap-
ply at 2228 Missions^
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
2901 California st.
GIRL light housework family three. Call be-
fore 12 m.. 1514 A'allejo St.
YOUNG girl to wait at table. Call at 13«
1 Second st.
GIRL for light housework; small family. Call
after 10 a. m., 1429 Buchanan st.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist in light house-
work. 1722 Sutter st.
CLEAN girl for general housework In small
family. 315 Maple st.; call from 12 to S.
TAILORESS wanted. 251 Eighth St., Oakland.
SALESWOMAN on corsets; state wages and
reference. Box 472. Call.
APPRENTICES for hand work on corsets. 231
Powell st.
WANTED — Woman to do general housework
231 Seventh st.
A GIRL to assist In light housework. Apply
528 Grove st.
WANTED— First-class tatloress on fine coats.
231 Post St., room 27.
GOOD tailoress on fine coats: must make
good buttonholes. 118 Montgomery aye.
GIRL to assist in housework small family no
cooking. 14138 Mason st.
14-YEAR-OLD _IH foT light housework.
$5 month. 73 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS body ironer. Oakland L-tundrv
690 Twenty-ninth st.
GIRL for general housework. 728% o««n
[ it, between Powell aad Mason,-H F.I.I' 'WAX TED- Continued. ;
WANTED— We require yet a few experienced
operators on white, flannel and percale shirts.
Standard .Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove _ts.
GIRL to do cn'amberwork; sleep home; $S. 924
Geary st. '
LADY to d* ttgln h<»UßewoT_ in exchange for
good ' home, r.03 Larkin' st.
PROTESTANT girl for light housework and
care of children; wages ?15 to $20. Call 4005
Seventeenth ft. ■- ■ • - •
GOOD buttonhole makers _nd apprentices on
■ custom coats. 206 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: steady em-
ployment; best prices. BAGLEBON _ CO.,
'535 "Market' st. . ■ '
GIRL for light housekeeping work; wages $8.
. 2524 Army st: •
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free; . patterns. 2*.c up. McDowell's. 101 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions;
P-tternn. 10c up. lIS McAllUter st.
"'■ HELP WAKT-BP—MAJJO.
WANTED— Mining foreman, $100 and board,
must speak Spanish; .2 quartz miners. $2 50 a
day farmer $26; farmer and wife. 53.; car-
naVe maker. $2 50 to $3 CO a day; chore boy,
■ private -family, HO '11111 found, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 02S Sacra-
mento it .. . , ____:
WANTED Baker, country, $40; ranch cook,
' <"o- rostiurant cook, .* 1; broiler, dishwashers
and others.. Apply to" J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
- 62S Sacramento j-t._
AT C. U HANSEN & CO.'S. Tel. Grant 185
' 1500 railroad laborers far
Skaguay, fare reduced to
$12 50..., Skaguay %U 50
Sufi-contracts and station work, both rock
and earth, $1 to M 50 a yard for rock, 23c to
35c a yard for earth. Further particulars and
tickets at C. R. HANSEN Ci CO.'S, 104 Geary
• St.; *htp next Wednesday, December 7.
AN* rienced general merchandise clerk
references; $00. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104
Geary st. ■ •
A Yi">UNG man about' 22 years old to act as
janitor and ]>orter for a small gentlemen's
h silub: ?S0 ami md. C. R. HANSEN „ CO..
104 Gea.ry.st. •■.'.. . . . .'
LABORERS, mountain railroad, ship Monday
night. CR. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
BROILER, $55; cook, ■ boarding-house, $40;
working steward for an officers' mess, Eng-
lishman preferred, $30; kitchen hands. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH for Mexico who is a good car-
riage ironer. $:» 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
C©AL- MINERS, $1 a ton, see boas here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st :
BELLBOY. $5 per month and found. MISS
".CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BAKER. $40 per month. MISS CULL! 323
Sutter st. -. ",- 2,
.WE want men to sell ' the Economy Harness
Riveter; holds enough rivets to do $2 of re-
pairing, yet sells for $1; can reload for 7c;
agents make $200 per month; send $1 for sam-
/ pie and terms. THOS. R. FOOTE CO., 337
Bauchet St., Los Angeles, Cat.
GOOD man for steady work on wheat ranch
! in San- .Toaquin Valley; must be. good with
horses and learning and be alone much of the
year; give references. Address box 420, Call
office.
MAN' to .sweep in lodging house: room, board
and laundry; no wages. Alpha House, 5 -Mar-
ket st.
DISHWASHER -with experience on lunch coun-
t er. Corner Greenwich and Lyon Bts.
WANTED— Man to lake orders for printing at
420 Montgomery St.. room 23.
WANT ED--Boy.' to drive butcher wagon. 239
Sanche- St., near Sixteenth. 
BOY to drive wagon for grocery; references.
234 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— DISHWASHER. 232 First St.
WANTED— A tailor on custom coats; • steaJy
work. 56S Minna St.
.-GOOD tailor to .work' on ladles' Jackets; must '
(j el*- experienced. . 211 Post "st. |
• YOVNG man to learn horseshoeing; first-class
shop. Box 311, Call. ______ ]
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and clean bath j
. rooms. . 120 Geary , st.
STRONG, boy to assist on bakery wagon. 2206
Bush St.. near ' Fillrrmre.
SIGN painting: boy or young man to help on
sjgns. "02 Howard st.
LARGE, strong "boy. wanted' for book bindery.
.. ..Address BgpkJttlndgr.. bpx 26.J_aii office.. .
' FIRST-CLASS ' bush'elmaft at 329 Kearny st.
OFFICE! boy wanted at Lick Laundry. 9 Lick
;' t place.
WANTED— Young man to loin trapeze team to
■ po East: ex-perlence not necessary: must have
iIOO. Call first of week. .1190 Harrison st.
FIRST-CLASS operator: heel and ertgt"* trim-
mer: edge setter. D. R. WENT WORTH, |
West Berkeley. - .
RECRUITS, Wanted for the United States Ma-
, rlne Corps. .United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their In-
• tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
• and 6 feet In height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis St..
Pan Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
•hat Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
TO go to-day — 300 pairs men's second-hand
fhoes.. some nearly new, from 25c to $1; new
■ shoes, sllehtly damaged, % price. 662 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
WANTED— Montana House. 764 V» Mission
et., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN anr" women to take work home; no ex-
perience r.ecessarv. 136 Sixth st./ room 2.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisc" P-rber College. 1384 Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association "' Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec. 825 Grant aye.
•MEN to learn barber trade: earsy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $15.. 1542 Market st. .'
TP.T LindeH House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms: 15c. 25c night.
FIN'OLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per nlgV.t: 73c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Blcho Housa. SS3H Market st ;
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters.- coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
tn't. H. Bernard. Sec, IC4 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED—T o collect wages due laborer* and
rlerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Batter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished.- fine. large, ninny and airy
room, 25c night. Rcpedale House. 321 Ellis St.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $¥a werk. •
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 250 night: reading-room: fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
:• AGENTS WARTED. „
AGENTS wanted to handle photo, buttons.
DEALEY BROS., 603 Larkin St. - " '
100 GOOD agents: good profits; article every
family .nredw. I-! Taylor st. Hours 10:30. 1:30.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in old established hay.
grain, . wood, coal and livery business: 2j
horses: price $1600, part cash; sickness cause
of partner retiring. Box 15S8. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished room: about $3 or $4
a. month; man. Box 319, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
"WANTED— Wand power combined Ironing ma-
chine: state cheapest cash price. Address box
. 4%. all office. -
WILL pay cash for 2 diamonds; must be 1H
' karats each. Address box 471. Call office. -_
WANTED— Second-h-nd upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL, 216 Post st
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: wonrt-tmnrt. 1W Montgomery at.
"' ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~
XdVICE free— W. P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
Sjireckels b1dg.,?27 Market: charges moderate.
afiVIPE free: divorce laws; private. J. B.
A p VANS; 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
L 8 CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees in advance. .
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
*W. DAVIDSON. t27 -Urket st.
ELEVENTH, 166-i-Branch office of The Ceil.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
I'HVSICIA>P.
REMOVAL Notlce-Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence. lQgm Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
STOnAGE^^^J^^^j^
ISE-tOT^RO_<^-r~Stor_ge And Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711
■'-.-'■•; BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFIG, SflG Market St., the
old-established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns. '''••.; -
A— ssso;. SALOON on water front; 10 furnished
rooms, piano, etc.;, rent $30; a good paying
.place; sickness in family cause of a great
bargain. WILKE _ UNFDQ. 906 Market st.
A— sSso; CORNER drug store; established years;
large prescription and store trade; rent *■•'%.
no opposition in 4 blocks square. WILK_ _
■ UNFUG. 906 Market st. ;.. f ... ■ .
A— s2soo; CORNER barroom on Montgomery
st.;. first-class ■ customer-.; ■ merchants .ana
brokers; no night or Sunday work; an ai
paying . place; other : Engagements com-
pel -owner^to. sacrifice. WILKK & UNFUU.
906 Market St. . .'-*:■■
A— s2so; DELICACY store with rooms; rent
$22 50; splendid paying ' place: ■ best location,
near O'Farrell st. ; a bargain. \\ I_K_ _
UNFUG, 006 Market st, _____
$1050— COZY little Phoestore, stock, machine,
living rooms, garden; good trade; repairing
alone- paying expenses: owner retiring.
WILKE A-" XJNF-O. .906 Market street.
$500— WELL-PAYING saloon in fine location;
•cheap rent; living rooms: owner a _ as wi? lr i t
In country. WILKE _ rNFUG _»»_Market:
$1500-SALOON: on best part of Market sty
rent $200; price only good for 10 day*. WILKE
& 17NFUG,- 906 Market St. '
$7r,0-HALF of well-paying^ pleasant commis-
sion business; or will trade for _A 1 Oakland
business. Inquire WILKE & LNFLG.
1 -WILL buy half interest In -i business
that has a future second to none in tins ..i.y.
S. H. GOULD _ CO.. 632 Market
A-SOME good bargains in cigar stands. $175,
$225. $300 and above; Investigate these, , it, will
pay you. S. H. GOULD - CO.. b32 Market.
A-RESTAURANTS from $250 to 008 }.*^ 0^
wishing anything In this line will n n.l it to
their advantage to inquire. S. H. GOLLD &
CO.. 622 Market st. —
A— llloo- BAKERY and delicacies; . place 'well
A fitted up fur all kinds of I '" l>k '! 1 « : wholesale
and retail trade; fine stock, which goes with
the business; established . a years. -• . 11.
GOULD 8 CO.. 632 ilarketjst. ..
$500^A\-OOD. coal, ha.v- : and grain business;
sickness cause of sale. McLALGHLIN _ CO..
.777 Market st. ______-_—— ,
_»O— RESTAURANT; north of' Market; bar-
s€^aTn R if A ,l immediately, on account of be-
ing compelled to go East. McLAUGHLLN &
■ CO., 777 Market st. -' " ■ ' " t -.
SALOON; bargain If fold this day. . MC-
LAUGHLIN _ •'"■• 777 Market st : ■ - rj-
HOTEL in the city/building included;
'good-paying business; long lease: satisfac-
tory reason for selling. McLALGHLIN &
CO., 777 Market st. ' ' '
< RANCH bakery and variety store; bar-
1 g_Tn. X MCLAUGHLIN - CO., 777 Market st.
A-si:on- DELICACY and lunch; positively best
in city: receipts average $45 daily. KREDO
& CO.,' tm Geary st. -
»_ »vr,,v CORNER grocery and bar; clears $100;
fine living reoms. KREDQ - CO., 22*. Geary.
Tr-.ZcoFFEB^, and lunch; est. 20 years; $15 to
$20 daily. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary Bt.
1400— CIGAR stand: business corner; must be
sold; a 'snap. KREDO _ CO.. 22', Geary st.
4—117*- SALOON; daily receipts $7 to $10; a
snapr'call at once. KREDO _ CO.. 824 Geary.
I £IHf_.p.VRTNER wanted; light business; $15 to
$20 a week each. • . - -
j-500— Coal, wood and .feed business; widow
wishes to sell business.; worth twice as much;
two horses, wagon, stock, fine trade.
j4tXi Partner wanted light business; estab-
lished 'eight years: large stock; $18 to $30 a
wfek each: trial given.
Full Information free at WESTERN IN-
.VESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
IF you have a business for sale call on us; no
charge for booking; information free. West-
ern "Investment Co., 9 Geary , st. .
$~1000— DAIRY and milk route; 4 horses: 2 wag-
ons; 4 set harness; 200 cans and all necessary
things for first-class business. JONES, 565
Market st^ \ ■
$400— PARTNER' In' flrst-cIaES meat market;
old established business: In Western Addi-
tion: best class customers; fine man. JONES,
565 Market st.
$7.O— SALOON; 15 furnished rooms; 20 regular
roomers; $200 worth stock; 'sell barrel whisky
a month; beer trade very large; any one look-
ing for genuine- bargain should see this with-
out fall. JONES, 865 Market st.
A— WE have buyers to Invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
•V— s3so— POSITION -at ■ $60 per month; light
work connected with established business;
good security; ■ full investigation. National
Agency. 7 -Grant are.
CORNER saloon; dears $75 -month j a snap.
. J22s— Cor grocery- and ■ bar;.: clears $75 month.
J^O— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $60 mo
$75— Branch bakery; Market st.; rent $15
Jl2s— Cigar store; receipts $150 per month.
Bargain at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$400— PARTNER ■ wanted; $18 to $30 a week
each:' information free. 117 Stockton st., front
office. ; ___
BARBER to buy old established business. In-
' quire 227 Second st.
I BARBER Shop for sale' on Market st.: down
town district. Call Brooklyn Barber Shop.
RESTAURANT for sale: will take a partner.
Inquire at once, box 427, Call office. • '
TWO-CHAIR barber shop: cheap; good chance
for single man. Inquire 1119 A Folsom st.
CORNER cigar stand for sale; heart of city,
near Powell and Ellis sts. ; connected with
one of the best hotels; inspection invited; best
of reasons for selling. Address box 1863. Call.
CORNER family liquor store, with bar; good
location. For particulars apply SE corner
. Sixth and Folsom st«. '.•-.--.. . . . - ••■
AN elegant new house of 8 rooms. 811 Shrader
St., near the park; terms easy; open for In-
spection. ■■y .■--■■•: ■• - •'■ '
WANTED— A partner with capital of $300 to
take hold of good proposition. Address- box
419, Call. : : . -• ■ . ■■ - ' ' - -»'. v
BUSINESS woman wishes" man with small
capital in restaurant business. Box 283. Call.
$450— CORNER grocery and bar; stock worth
the money; cheap rent; fine location; no
agents. Call office.. " " - '■ '
FINE saloon for sale cheap; leaving the city.
429 Bush 8t- ■'■"•'■'".;
SHOE shop; doing fine business: good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Busn St.
DRUG store, clean and complete stock and fix-
tures; in good location; investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Box 1518. Call.
WELL-BTOCKED. old established grocery and
liquor store; . 6 living rooms; cheap rent . two
flats helping pay rent. Inquire. Call office.
BAKERY with furniture for sal-; only store
trade: good new oven; good chance for a
baker. Apply this of flee. <■ - ■
SILVER DOLLAR- saloon, 812 Sansome st.
(with lease); make offer. ■ •/ '
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure , your county at
once. M. H. Cartwrlght. rm. TO, 927 Market.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters:
' supplied as wanted at lowest prices. , 10.-191
Beale st. ____________——— __—_—■
LODGING HOUSES' FOR SALE. '
H?C. DECKi:!'.. I-" Market St., opp. Fifth.
. 60-room hotel and bar. .-..: ♦«"»
t2 rooms; reduced from $5000 t0..; 2^o
'10 rooms; on Sutter 5t...... V*i""'"" vine
:•■ 82 rooms; exchange for .house, and 10t.... Z^oo
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEAV ' FURNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; new house, and ..rnlture..s Sol
. 8 rooms; new furniture: cost $550 . -jw
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 -«™
10-roora house; only ••' iuj
21 rooms; corner: clears $100 •"»
46-room house ; - corner. • •••••• • • : - • • , J'J!' l
1 HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A-KKEDO A C0.. .....:..'.. ..;:'..2a4 Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses. _
10 rooms; elegant; clears $50......... M
12 rooms; Ellis St.; always full £00
12 rooms: Market st.;. a snap .........' 4uO
13 rooms; all housekeeping; clears $80.... 850
14 rooms; near City Hall; cheap rent..... 800
17 rooms; transient; best on O'Farrell.. 850
18 rooms; Third st.. near Market,./.. 475
37. r00m5; near Keurny st. transient K0
5 38 rooms; fine business corner ..1100
And others. Call and get list. KREDO. -.
-TON & CO.. 646 Market st. " -
. 18 rooms; $300 cash; balance .payments.... $550
22 rooms: brand new: must sell; -make offer. .. I
20 rooms; doctor pays $55 r rent $65 1,400
28 rooms; Post St.; fine p1ace........ 1.800
35 rooms; near plaza ' .......;.. 1,600
100 rooms; corner: offices: e1egant......... ..6, 000
$3CO— BIG-MONEY propostion; 33 rooms; al-
ways full; large profits; cheap rent; central;
half cash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye. .
LODGING house of 27 rooms;/ sunny  corner;
first-class location: cheap for cash; no agents.
Address box 480. Call. . ,--- ■
$100 SURE profit over all expenses: 22 rooms
near Baldwin; make offer to SPECK A CO.,
602 Market st. -/. . / : -.
32-ROOM sunny corner house; rooms all rented;
sell at a fine bargain. 704 Howard st., cor-
ner Third. - . ''..«;'■ ' !
LODGING house at a bargain IT sold to-day.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market- st.
• SEVEN: rooms, furnished/ for 'Bale; bargain.
441 O'Farrell st. - "..'...?"'■' •■■•-■■
™ T\ !•_ WRITERS.
tp^writers^sold~ and rented; , few partly
used for sale cheap; send . for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER - CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND,: I*s; CaJlrraph. Yost. < |M; ;
get sample work. SCOTT. to Boxftgomery st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET. , , .
AT 20 Mary* st., near Fifth and Mission— Double
parlors, 7 rooms; rent $22 50. _ -■■ ••.; .: , -;
ELLIS St.— 7-room house, bath; yard; rent $15.
Apply at 626 Eddy i st. ".. , --. ■■ . I
HOUSE 7 rooms and bath; fine marine view;
large garden; partly cemented buck' yard. In- !
quire 629 Union st. '■• ■ ■'■ ;."• .;■'.*.
MCALLISTER, 657— house 6 rooms and
• bath; sun all, day. ■; ..-.■; r ;.]
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. •-.-■ - niniTTWßWffltrfrißllMMlMfc
12- ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
St., near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
COTTAGES TO LET. ;
COTTAGE, 4 rooms large yard and stable.
21S Collingwopd st. t ; - '
MODERN cottage; very large grounds; barn
and stable; houses for poultry; some distance .
from other dwellings; near cars; rent of this
property very low to a responsible party. Ap- |
ply 19 Fourth st. I
NEAT cottage, 4 rooms and yard. 1703
Turk st., near Scott.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms and bath; water free.
S3 Douglass st., near Eighteenth.
FLATS TO 1 LET.
EDDY, ISO 7, near Scott— Mo_ern~flatriTrooni-
and bath; rent cheap.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements Twentieth St., between Capp
and Howard; also 4 rooms and bath, 3442
Twentieth. v ,
FLAT, 1213 Bush; 3 rooms, bath; gas; rent $12.
Apply at 12118 Bush st.; water free. j
FLAT, 5 rooms and bath.- 8% Lewis St., off I
Taylor, near Post.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 2004— New sunny modern
upper flat of 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
HYDE, 1716—5 new choice sunny rooms; all
modern improvements; $20.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper fiat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27; key at 725. i
NINTH, 237— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
and bath: $15. ■-';--■
SUNNY lower flat of 4 rooms, yard. 172 Haw-
thorne tt., near Harrison. '. '
UPPER flat In very heart of' city; 910 Jones
St., bet. Pine and Bush;. 8 rooms; bath; all
. very sunny; rent reduced to ■ a desirable ten-
ant. Apply MADISON _ BURKE, 626 -Mar-
' : ket St. :.'.■ .'. ; <:.. ■; ;-, ■„ ~ , - v -.. - ... ; ,
UPPER and lower flats, 4 and 5 rooms, $8 and
$9. 366 Preclta aye., bet. Folsom and Harrison.
WANTED— for nice flats, cottages; 10
to 30 days : free ; cozy 5-room cottages, ; $12.
SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
WE can rent you a ' flat with or without a
• flagpole.: BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. - ■-
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion St., between Eighth and Ninth.
4 AND 5 rooms and bath. 4559-4391-4593 Eight-
eenth St., near Hattie; $12 and $13.
$11— 4 ROOMS; yard. 4A Shotwell St., near
Fourteenth, bet. Howard and Folsom.
$12. $14. $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary St. - .
$13— SUNNY flat; range; hot and cold water.
101 Prospect place, corner- Sacramento St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 705 (The Singleton)— House-
kpg rms. , fur. and unfur. ; suites, single, $4 up.
EDDY, 305—2 large sunny rooms; rent reason-
able. .- . . . ■ . -..■■'- .: .
EDDY, 743— Furnished room; with running
water; $7. . ■ - : ■
ELEVENTH, 106 — Large sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single; grate and laundry.
ELLIS. 639, cor. — Sunny bay-window;
mantel; kitchen; gas stove or wood or coal.
FIFTH. 350— 2 or 3 newly furnished rooms;
housekeeping; cheap. .
FIFTH, 353— Double parlors, kitchen, .bath;
furnished; hkpg., $20; also 2, $12; single, $5.
FOLSOM. ' Sunny : furnished- room for
housekeeping; single and suite.- "'
FOLSOM. 1551— 2 partly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, with bath; rent $10.
FOLSOM, 2S4S— or 4 unfurnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; cheap; without children.' . i
FULTON, 228. bet. Van Ness and Franklin-
Front sunny suite and other rooms, nicely
furnished;, gas and bath.
GEARY, lSl2Vs— 3 large sunny furnished rooms
: for housekeeping; -no children: $18. ■ ' •
GOLDEN GATE aye., 311— $lfl only; large sun-
ny room for light housekeeping;' gas and
. m bath; references; private family. .-j; ', ;,.
GOLDEN GAT* aye., 1050—2 large sunny well-
furnished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove, -bath free; telephone. • • --
GOLDEN GATE aye., 640— A corner suite, with
separate kitchen; sunny; also single rooms. .
HOWARD, 728— 3 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; also other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1032— Sunny front parlor and house-
keeping rooms; well furnished;" reasonable.
HOWARD, : Sunny furnished rooms; sin- :
gle and for huus-ekeeplng. , .= -■;-; .... ■■;
HOWARD. 2006 A, near 16th— 2 newly furnished
suites for housekeeping, ■$9 and $12;- bath. ■.
KEARNY, near Sutter— Three .unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
KEARNY, Front suite of 2 unfurnished
rooms. $10; 3 rooms, - $15. "' '
MCALLISTER. 697— Furnished rooms for house- .
•- keeping: terms reasonable; or will take
:. boarders. ...... ' . -
MINNA, 270. near Fourth— nice housekeeping
. rooms; rent $6. 'i ■ : ,' ■ ■
MISSION. 868—3 large newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; also 2 sunny connecting
rooms; modern. - /. ■ ■
MISSION/ 1217—2 large sunny furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping, $12. (
MOSS, 13. oft Howard, near Seventh— 2 or I
rooms furnished for housekeeping. _.__
. NINTH 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove. ;
O'FARRELL, Four sunny . unfurnished
rooms; rent cheap;, call at grocery store.
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny; .cheap.-
SEVENTH. 191— Large front ' rooms for house-
■ keeping from $7 up.
SEVENTH. 262— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
- large yard. ' •' ■ ' ■
SIXTH 216V4— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
- housekeeping and single; quiet house; reas.
SIXTH 420— Complete rooms for housekeeping;
also front parlor suite and single rooms. .
SIXTH. r.32A— 3 sunny pleasant rooms; , fur-
nlshod for housekeeping; large yard..
SIXTH, 561, rear— 3; good large unfurnished ]
rooms; cheap. ->. ..■■-. ■■-.'-.;.■.■■.' - '•■■'■.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny front rooms,- nicely
. ; furnished for housekeeping. .;-. , .■. ?■-.■
THIRD. 18—2 rooms suitable for housekeeping
• or workshop. ■ ».-'■" ■ ■
VAN • NKSS aye.. 43— Sunny housekeeping
rooms; * sc parate kitchen. . -
ROOMS VO LET.
ARLINGTON House, - 127 Kearny Pleasant
.' tunny rooms; en suite or tingle; first-class
'in every respect; terms "reasonable, . . :
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 60 to
, $3; single. SI to $1 60; day, 25c to 50c. ..
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, -suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr;tel.
BELGRAVIA, 1715 Polk st.— Just opened; ele-
gant rooms; en suite or single; furnished or
.unfurnished. .....* \ '*.."
BRUNSWICK— Sixth St., corner • Howard-
rooms en suite or single. ,25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CALIFORNIA. 832— Sunny furnished rooms;
■ with or without board. .-'■■.- ■
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and^ef flees. '
DELAWARE. 1433 . Furnished or un-
furnished single and double run.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished sunny double
rooms; gas and, bath: $8 and $10; quiet house.
EDDY,' •" 118— Sunny : pleasant ' furnished rooms
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY. 330, between Jones and ; Leavenworth —
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms;
carpets and furniture v entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.' ' ■ , ■'■ " '•'. -' ' -" ■-"' . '■."" : " ..' -■■-•'.' "'
EDDY, 614— Very desirable single sunny front
: room; closets, bath ;\ private family; $S.
ELLIS. 41S (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites
& sing.. $1 SO. wk.; 50c, $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
FOLSOM. Bay-window; sun all day; fur-
nished suitable for, two gentlemen. ■ " ... .7
FOURTH, 224— Furnished rooms for light hkpg;
"'• newly furn. rms/ at 244 6th ; reasonable. ,..
GEARY, • 402— Central location; * Just ' opened,
' 'caipets and furniture 'new;'. 1 sunny - front
ptiites and single rooms; transient; reasona-
rle: also offices. '.' v '•;.-. "-'-'■ '■'■[.-. • ■ *-; t: ;' ::
GEARY, 622- -.ju nny front ; bay-window room;
newly furnished; gas; : running water. :.,r «•.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— . night, ' 25c to
•' $1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars
GRAND SOUTHERN, ,^E. -, cor. • Seventh % and
1 .Mission— sunny rooms; en suite and
• single; ' elevator; - moderate - rates; families. f ■■; ,
v; , ROOMS TO LET— Continued. ;
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select' family
..rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. . /_ .
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat/ light, .sunny.. rooms; transient. .
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor—
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J.King.
HOWARD; — Nicely furnished sunny -bay-
- window and , other rooms; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, nr. Van Ness— furnished
■ front room; gas, bath; $7. Inquire 444 Van K.
MARKET,. 1525H/ bet. Eleventh ; and Twelfth—
Newly furnished front rooms suitable for two
gents or man and wife; reasonable.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 436 Fifth— Everything
. llew; rms., single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
. dent; bar in connection.' F. W. Gardener,- bro/
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly . furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient. i
MISSION, 933 (Mint House)— Nice' sunny fur-
nished rooms; .transient; new house; central.
MISSION, 1220— Sunny alcove room and 1 for
. light housekeeping; running water. ~
OAK, 23^— Sunny front room, .furnished.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished" rooms; ele-
. vator; electric . lights; day, week or month.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; 'first class.
POST. Newly. furnished sunny .rooms, sin-
gle and en suite, from $7 up. - -
POST, Neatly furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable. '-.•.. ' ;.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
1 furnished rooms; second floor; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Furnished and unfurnished. ,
SUTTER, 1111— Clean and comfortable furnish-
ed rooms.single and en suite; very reasonable.
TAYLOR, Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single; bath, gas. . ....
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite. -
GEARY. Sunny front suite, unfurnished or
furnished, to suit: sing, rms. ; excellent board.
HOTEL Sutherland. 791 • Sutter . St., corner
■ Jones — Best location' in the city; elegantly
furnished ; first class ;in every respect ; table
unsurpassed; elevator; suites, with board. -$5O
upward. Please apply- between 10 a. m. and
8 p. m.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 -Market— new
furniture; first class in every respect: table
-unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator:
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
IRVING. 1070 Valencia— j sunny front al-
cove room. ■ 'f. : 'v ■"
O'FARRELL. Sunny . single room, with
board, $22 50; home comforts: also front room.
PINE, 743— Parlor suite, excellent board, mod-
erate: single, sunny, grate, closet, ' $25. ' ".*/-
SUTTER, Elegant room and board; loca-
. tion unsurpassed; reasonable. ■ • • .
..VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY will take 1 or 2 children to board; good
home and mother's care; terms reasonable.
697 McAllister -st. ' ■ - - ' ■ ■ ■ ■
GERMAN widow will board children for, $2
per week. . . M. C. D., 1035 Sanchez St., near
Twenty-fourth. — ,' • .;; . '.. -
INFANT or small child, $10 month. Apply
210 Lexington aye. . . .
STORES TO LET.
GROCERY and bar to let, with 3 rooms.
Northwest corner Eighth and Natoma sts.
$9 AND $10: 2 stores, with living room. 839 Noe
st.. near Market; stable if desired. '. "
OFFICES :TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.;
light, beat, janitor and » telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. AEHTON _ GARriMRR. room WO. ;■
: ~ rT .■ STABLES TO LET. ~^
| STABLE to let; 16 stalls. Inquire at. 410 Bay,
' street. ■
MEDICAL. '.. '
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
.' aged should call on the doctor and state their
"case before going elsewhere; they will .find
her a .true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. T>R. GWYER,- 510 Eddy St., between
• Hyde and Larkin. ~ •■ ■ ■ ■_ ■ ■ • ; -
ALL cases- of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); . safe and
. cure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; -home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
~ who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
: liable specialist' free and confidential: strong
: pills, $1; guaranteed- cure, $5. MRS. DR.
 WYETH. 208 Turk st., near Jones. , . ;;■
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
' true friends of all invalids, men and women;
£0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; - delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted ; travelers treated; no
- delay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market
• st; pills, .$1; very strong, $2. '. ;
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are - guaranteed
absolute cure -for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and. sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also, acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall. on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. - WALLER BROS.. 21
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every. woman her own physician; restores alt
. ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation .free;
naves disgrace; pills and '. capsules, $1; ' cure. ,
' $5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. ..■->■-
A TREATMENT - that restores instantly all
cases, of monthly. Irregularities from • what-
. ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. . MRS., DR. KOHL,
1122 Market St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
WOMEN'S ailments— Ladles in trouble, see Drs.
Goodwin free: reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed: any complaints: no in-
struments; maternity home: best medical at-
-: tendance; pills. $1; cure, $5; hours,' 10 to 8. Re-
moved front 401 D Van Ness to 13S2A ' Market.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist:- all monthly irregularities; restored;
whatever cause: all cases relieved Immedlate-
. lv; call or. write ; confidential. 1023 U. Market.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C0., 406 C1ay St.;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp - for ■ circulars to BEGU-
• RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
PR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance;, term*
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cat
BELLF.VUE SANITARIUM— LadIes cared for
during, confinement. 727 " Bellevue aye., Los
Angeles, Cal. . ' . ■:■■ ''
MRS. ACHARD, midwife, pleasant, sunny
home In confinement. ' 156 Becondst. Tele-
phone : Green 52. ■■■■'■■■ -
~ EDUCATIONAL. '
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-.
;■ keeping, business ; practice, . shorthand, ; typ- •
lng.telegraphy. languages/ English branches;
electrical/ civil : and mining engineering; suh-
- vcylng, assaying, etc. : "2o teachers;. 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.- .'.
AYRES' Business College, 723. Market St.; indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, , telegraphy, penmanship/ English
branches, etc. ; life ; scholarship," V>o; low rates
.per week and month. :
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, : mln-
: -Ing, mech. survey, assay. 1 archlt. ; day „ eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory: F. C. Cal'dwell:l6 yrs'
I '.; experience. Emma Spreckels bldg, 927 Market.'
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet.'. mando-
.-.-■ lln. etc. - THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
PRIVATE ■ academy of •- dancing: waltzing a
specialty.' MISS JEAN HUDDY. ; 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 . Mar-
: ket : st.; 400 positions secured' in last 2 years.
j BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practical^
taught: short time. Tarr. 672 Parrott bldg.
"■ ■".■"•/■ '". . carpet;- cleaning.-; ;_;;, ';'■:].
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, ■ Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 260. '
WHEN you become -disgusted' with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St. ; tel, S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at Be.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
. -St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission. 74. -.;
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
:■ Gate aye.; tel. ; East- 126. i ■ ..-:,.- ■'•■.. '.-, , --.~y;
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 1 402 Sutter, st.;
j -, tel. Main 894. GBO. WOLCOM. 'Proprietor. ■- :
PERSONALS.
APPLY LEDERER'B Quinonia Hair Tonic and
your hair will stop falling out. There is
nothing like it. 35c bo.ttle. 123 Stockton st.
IF you try LEDERER'S Foamo you will have
a fine shampoo; only 5c package. Hair dress-
ing, 25c; switches, $1 up; open Sundays and
holidays, 9 to 12. 123 Stockton st.
DR. E. RALPH, genuine 1 thermal baths, mas-
sage. 1032 Market St., parlors 2 and 3.
ELECTRIC lights in eyery room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market : 200 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STRICTURE, enlarged prostate, pain in blad-
der, urinating too often: cured by dissolving
bougies. J.'.MES FORD, 114 Fourth St.. S. F.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. SIS Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory. 1550-1554 Market st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
BLACK SMALLPOX the consequence of re-
peated vaccination. Beware'!
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French 1 Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses. $3
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rnip. 14-15.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTIONr^
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to inform her patients, both old and new. that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are interested in; business, speculation,
Jove, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin dlpeases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
Vshe has made art the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A, HOWE,
110* Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs.,
10 to 6; minerals psychometrized. 1027H Mrkt.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8: 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 234% Sth.
CONSULT the lucky medium; fee 25c. 349'^
Minna st., near Fifth.
YOUR future told by cards; satisfaction guar-
anteed; ladies, 10c; gents, 25c. 77 Ninth st.
MME. LENEMAR tells by planets; predioted
rescue passengers str. Gold, '74. 23V& Sixth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
pact, present and future; 25c. liB Sixth, rm. 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 2nc; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B» BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrel! St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
|3 50 per month rent: new pianos.
Heine upright %2'Jn 00
Stelnwny upright IS7 50
Chlckering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 113 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PTANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling pond upright pianos for $S
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
EBme as If purchased for all cash: bargains
In pood second-hand uprißhts upon same easy
payments and some pnod pianos fnr $3, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway- dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Bmadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houae
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
is being remodeled we will nfTer the greatest
bargains In pianos and musical merchandise;
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
A STEINWAY, J175; Steck, $150: Estey, $225;
Fischer, $250; Weber, $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $1 50 up: rent allrwed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House, ?04 Post st.
WM. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
HARDMAN Agency — A beautiful Instrument,
fine tone; not the latest style, therefore cheap
for cash. Room 12, Flood building.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms. 181R Market st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Chick-
erlng, Steck, Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
A FINE Steinway and new Checkering uprlgh.
sacrificed. KEFFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
$150— FINE Steinway; great bargain. RCHMLTZ,
16 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 30R Po?t st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
redtfeed prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNING. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HETNE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new pcnle; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULT.FTt. maker, rnpnlrer, 2 L.ithnm place.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia st.. bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, N7 Sixth; auction pales every Wednes-
day SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 inches. 10c; 10x12, 15c; 12x16.
20c; 14x17, 25c; 16x20. 30c; ISx22, 35c; 20x24, 45c:
22x25, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, Vie; room molding, all
colors, 1c per foot; colored pictures, studies,
etc. 3 for 10c. JONES. 647 Mission St., be-
tween First and Second; open evenings.
A PAIR Lamaire pearl opera glasses and
holders- a pretty present for the holidays, for
$8; cost originally $24. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave^
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-IOM Mission St..
above Sixth. t
SET diamonds and carbuncles— pendant, brooch,
earrings; cost $400, for $170. Arlington, 1015
Market st.
2 HORSE power gasoline engine, $65. MELVIN
TAYLOR, 690 Brush St., Oakland.
LARGE National cash register at 14 Mason
street.
six horsepower Zenith gas engine; nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
LARGE 86-foot launch; 8-foot beam; 10 horse-
power. Box 1652, Call office^
BECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hoM,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento Bt.
__i — •
3 R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second hand; all
dies; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. Bold, eachanged. rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 20S Fourth st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NOTICE to property owners— Sealed proposals
are desired by the Board of Fire Commission-
ers at their office. New City Hall, from own-
ers of real property, suitable for engine-
house proposed, on the block bounded by
Second and Third, Mission and Howard sta..
stating dimensions of lot. location and low-
est purchase price. By order of the Koard of
Fire Cammts'sloners, GEORGE MAXWELL,
Clerk. San Francisco, Nov. 28, IS9B.
A— s4ooo; reduced from $4500: an elegant busi-
ness or residence corner lot on Dolores st. ;
size 33xP0; lot contains a new 2-story resi-«
dence of 7 elegantly decorated rooms and
bath on end of lot: front is vacant and large
enough for a store and flats; terms $1200 cash;
fcalance in monthly installments. See' OWN-
ER, 232 Liberty Ft., near Dolores.
ONLY $1400 cash: corner: 22d and Flor-
. Ida sts., with 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms bath,
and space' on corner for 4 more 'flats; lot Mx
100. v • ... ... ■ - ' ,
>' $3250 — Cottage, 5 rooms; Halght, near Bu-
chanan; 25x95. ; . , -
OUT a little way, but cheap; $8: i rooms; or
• will sell, $50 cash, balance $10 per month.
THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market St.
$650 WILL build . 4-room bay-window -cottage;
good material. GEO. M, SALSBURY, Build-
tr, '21 X Ft.. Sunset district. '
i . COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. \
$1050—40 ACRES level land; Lake Co.; » acres
bearing orchard, 4 acres bearing vineyard ; 6-
• room residence, barn and outbuildings; good
; well water. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market., r. 4.
150-ACRE ■ peach, pear, prune and almond
. orchard, . near Oakland: to rent. At SPECK
& CO.'S. 602 Market at. . .....
: OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
' OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
_______^___^_^___^_____^^_^
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ARE you paying rent owing to lack of suffi-
. cient funds to purchase a home? If so, don't
wait any longer or property will en^nce and
you. can't touch it. You can. buy now on
■monthly payments with privilege of paying
up at. any time. . For particulars address
"North Oakland Real Estate Headquarters,"
470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
FOR .sale. in Oakland— house, 7 rooms and
. bath; 2-story; best construction .and 'finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
■' railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly Installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
tl. MHL'RST KKAL ESTATE.
DELIGHTFUL home ; about 1 acre and 5-room
house with all modern Improvements; good
outbuildings for horse, cow and chickens;
fruit In abundance; must be sold. See PIT-
TOCK. real estate, near P. P.. Elmhurst.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. Unfurn i housekpg rooms, :
carpets: reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND . FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good »nd cheat). H. SCHKIjI^
HAAS' old «tor». .40* TCW*r»t»» nt fl»« hi-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA . REAL ESTATE.
• FOR sale — cents on the. dollar; one 5, one 6
and' one 7 room cottage; also for investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent: best
location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR., Web-
ster-st. station, narrow gauge.
$1200— HOUSE of 7 rooms; lot 45x150.
$1500— House- of 8 rooms; lot 50x145; well,
windmill and pump. .
Central aye.; house of 10 rooms; lot 50
Xl4O. •■.
Houses to let. • ''-•%■■ . ■ M
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park St., Alameda.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park st. .. -
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park St., j
Alameda. Cal. ■-.■-.-.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
COMPLETE home ; 1 block south of the U. C. :
elegant gas fixtures;. porcelain bath, . finished :
in natural wood; sunny frontage; flowers and
fruit trees: a perfect home; send for photo.
•Address M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway, Oakland. • .
FOR SALE— A fine '7-room house; all the
latest Improvements; large lot; street work
all done; 4 blocks from university grounds.
JOS J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley sta-
tlon. " • - '
FOR RENT— A small house and 3 acre» of lan«;
Just the place for a chicken ranch; rent $12.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley.
. GOLDEN GATfc REAL fcSTATE.
WORKMEN, ATTENTION!— good, substan-
tial house with corner lot 50x100, at Golden
Gate, near- race track; taken for an $1100
-debt; small amount down; balance same as
rent. M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and Broad-
way. Oakland. . ■-■■•.■«. - ■ ■ .
DENTISTS. __'__.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
■ ber; full set of " teeth, $5; crwrns, $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
■ when -plates are ordered; 'Consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, i corner Market and
. Mason sts. . Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown. and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chickgo Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone JeVsle 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder*
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first prizes;
no students; guarantee 12 years.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold, $1 up: silver, 25c.
up; bridge work; plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission st., corner Sixth. • ;
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth,. ss up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-:
K""= and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work. and fillings a
.specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. - <
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold, 50c; silver, 2oc; crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, .43 — Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. 15 yrs.
SET ' of teeth without a plate. DR. .H. G.
: YOUNG. IS U ; Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted.- DR. J.
. W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ->....
'. ■ ■•■ ; ., ■■ LOST. ■■ ■ ~~1
LOST— November 29, ' young fox terrier . dog-
it, brown ears, brown and white face; no col-
lar. 645 Broderlck st. ; reward.
RED cocker spaniel dog in Western Addition;
liberal reward. SCHMIEDELL, 307 . San-;
some st. - '." ' ■ ". ' ". ' ' '-'
Double-barreled gun near Mount Eden,
Alameda County. Return Ito lIENNINGSEN,
Alvarado Hotel, and receive reward.
$25 REWARD— Strayed from my home at Fair
' Oaks Sunday night one Great Dane dog; l'£
years old; tiger marked. -A. ■ ROY .- HARRI-
SON. '. ..
LOST— Chestnut horse; young; white stripe on
' face; sore on right shoulder. Finder return
to R.W. SCHULTZE, Fifth aye. south, and
receive reward.' .
LOHT— December 3, between Capp. Mission.
Thirteenth and Hermann st?., lady's g'.Ul
closed-faeo watch: picture of boy inside. Re-
turn to 115 Oougli st. ; suitable reward.
PURSE containing 2 pairs of earrings and rns-
nry lunds and money. Return* grocery.
Twenty-sixth and Folsom; reward.
LOST— A physician's pocket-book. Finder will
please return to owner, DR. C. A. CLIN-
TON. Twenty-first and Howard sts., and re-
ceive reward.
URINDLE bull pup. Return to 1151 Harrison
st.: liberal reward.
BRIXDLE (rrcylinun.l bitch. Return to J.
O'BHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts., and
receive reward.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, 320 oansome at.,
San Franclpco. Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday. December 10, 1898. and opened im-
me.dtately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months commencing
January 1, 1599, and ending June #j, 189s).
Schedules with information and instuctions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders wli:
carefully follow the conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less It is in accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some *ell known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a scod and valic* con-
- tract upon notice of acceptance as Teciuired
by law. The board reset yes the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room "3, 320 Sansome
St.. San Francisco, Cal. By -rder oi the
Board of Directors.
J. J. BCOVTLLE. Secretary.
MONEY TO LOAJT.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
Innd or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mies lon Bt., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
LOANS to salaVied people holdirx permanent
positions: no security except their name;
easy payments. New Era Lrfan Co., rm. 25,
1003H Broadway, Oakland; hours 10 to 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal \advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 40S, Parrott building.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval-; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY hmount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
I and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
. bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
DIAMONDS, diamonds: highest amount loaned,
lowest Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
■FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
misslon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market at.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— To borrow $1600 on fine property in
Berkeley. For Sale Cheap; 27 acres . im-
proved, 10 miles from Berkeley. P. O. box
20. Peralta, Cal. ■ ' -
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 328 • Montgomery.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. _
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HYMAN— In this city, December 4, IS9S, to the
wife of H. Hyman, a daughter.
ROMER— In this city, December 3, 185S, to the
...wife of Robert K. Romer, a daughter. - >■■'■
>>-■"■ •■ . .-DIED.
Borden. Judge R. Marcus, Ida
i Barrett, Ellen • Morton, Thomas ■ ■
Black. William L. Newsom. Tlllie O.
..Dow, Capt. Freeman O'Farrell, Jane •
Glnocchlo, Mary G. Pahl. R. H.
Heffernan. Nellie H. Roach. Alexander
Laun, Philip . Rodgers, Joseph A. -
McAullft, .Mrs. H. Smith. Fannie
McNamara, John F. ' Truett, Inez S. '
■■' : . ; Williams, Mrs. Clara
BORDEN— In this city, December 2, IS9B.
Judge Rhodes Borden, beloved son , of the
late Dr. Joseph and Juliet Rhodes Borden, a
native of Alabama, aged 48 years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 424 Scott street, between Fell and Oak.
, Interment Mountain , .View Cemetery, Oak-
land. . .. : . .
BARRETT— In this city, December 4, IS9B, El-
len, dearly beloved wife of Louis Barrett,
and mother of Mrs. C. Diercks. Mr. T. Bar-
rett, Mrs. J. Haskell and Mrs. E. Oster. a na-
tive of Australia, aged 54 years 2 months and
3 days.
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tn-mnrmv
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from 2505 Slxteeml 1
street, near Folsom. Interment Cypres*
Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral car fror
Fourteenth and Folsom streets.
BLACK— In this city, December 4. 189S, Wll
Ham Lyne, eldest son of Alfred P. and Far
nic J. Black, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 years and 24 days.
[D'Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at
1:30 o'clock, from the family residence, 1";*
Green street, between Polk and Larkin. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
DOW— At sea, November 2, 1898, Captain Free-
man A., beloved husband of Xellie B. Dow.
and father of Harold and Myrtle Dow, a na-
tive of Qulncy, Mass., aged 45 years :> months
end 2 days. (Quincy and Boston, Mass., and
Providence, R. 1., papers please copy.)
(E?"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
to arrive from Honolulu on bark C. D.Bryant.
GINOCCHIO— In this city. December 3, 1898.
Mary G., dearly beloved wife of G. G. Ginoc-
chio, mother of Clorinda, Lillian. Isabelle,
Arthur and Ethel Ginocchio. daughter of
Mrs. M. and the late Joseph Guinasso. and
sister of Mrs. J. Devoto, Mrs. A. Cordano,
Mrs. M. L. Spinettl and Joseph, John and
Teresa Guinasso, a native of New York, aged
34 years.
|C?Friends and acquain'ances are respect-
fully notified that funeral takes place to-
morrow (Tuesday), at l!T:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1732 Stockton street, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Church, where at 11
o'clock a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, and
thence to cemetery.
HKFFERNAX— In this city. December 3. 1888,
Nellie Hayes Heffernan. beloved daughter of
Mrs. Mary Mullaney, and sister of the late
Mrs. Mary A. Barker and D»renrla C. and
James Mullaney, a native of New York City,
aged 42 years 3 months and 11 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. C. iiunker & Co., 1666 Mission street Mis-
sion Masonic Temple, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated* for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, via creek route
boat", leaving foot of Market street at 11
o'clock.
LAUX-In this city, December 4. IS9R. Philip,
dearly beloved husband of Rebecca Laun,
nnd beloved father of Mrs. K. Jordan, Mrs.
Lizzie de Gear and Georgp. Edward and
Fred Laun, a native of Hes*sen, Darmstadt,
Germany, aged 73 years 8 months and it
days.
McAULIFF— In Sawyers Bar, November 25,
ISPS, Mrs. Hannah McAuliff, wife of the late
John McAuliff, and sister of William Burns,
a native of Fermoy, County Cork. Ireland.
McNAMARA— In this city. December 4. 1898,
John F., dearly beloved husband of Lavinla
McNamara, and brother of Mrs. R. J. Har-
rison and J. A. McNamara, a native of Al-
bany, N. Y.
MARCUS— In Los Angeles, December 4. IR9B,
Ida, beloved daughter of the late Isaiah and
Sarah Marcus, and sister of Llllie. Frances,
Moses and Eugene Marcus a nil Mrs. J. B.
Solomon of Los Angeles.
(£7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, fmm the funeral par-
lors of Henry Evers, Ffio Washington street,
between Seventh and Eighth, Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
MORTON— In this city, December 3. 1898.
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Morton, and father of Mrs. Mary Walker, a
native of Stirlingshire, Scotland, aged 68
years.
IC?"Ftiende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 oVlock. from B. B. Hall,
121 Eddy street. Funeral under the auspices
of Pacific Lodge No. 13fi, F.and A. M. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
NEWPOM— In Oakland, December 4. 1898. Tll-
lle Gertrude, beloved wife of Samuel \>w-
pnm. a native of Canada, aged 40 years 1
month and in day*.
O'FARRELL— In this city, December 3, 1898,
Jane O'Farrell. dearly beloved mother of Ed-
ward, Fred, William and Albert Robinson.
Mrs. Agnes Pope, Mrs. Louis A. Whitney and
Mrs. Lizzie Martell, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, aged fi7 years.
(CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 130 Second street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PAHL— In Sacramento, December 3. 1898. R.
H Pahl, beloved father of J. R. and Rich-
ard Pahl. Mrs. Edward Koegel. the late Mrs.
H. Gaetjen and the late Mrs. V. SchnalhoU,
a native of H<ilstein. Germany, aged 68 years
11 months and 23 days. ,
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
413 Sutter street.
RoACH— In this city. December 3, 1808, at hla
residence, 530 Howard street. Alexander, be-
loved husband of Mary Roach, and father of
John. Thomas, James F.. Alexander P. and
Mamie Roach, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 73 years. (Fitchburg, Mass.. and
Long Island and Glen Cove, N. V., papers
please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RODGERS— In this city, December 3, IFOS, Jo-
pi'iih A., beloved son of Joseph and Charlotte
Rudgers, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months and 3 days.
SMITH— In this city, December 3. IS9S. Fan-
nie, beloved wife of Charles L. J. Smith,
daughter of the late Joseph M. Deutseh and
the late Bridget Deutseh. and sifter of Sarah
Jenkins and Mary Gilfether, a native of Pan
Francisco, aged 19 years 4 months and 9 days.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TRUETT— In this city. December 4, 1898. Inez
6 dearly beloved wife of the late Mortimer
K. Truett, and sister of Miss W. W. Wenk of
Oakland and J. C. Morgan of Santa Monica,
a native of New Orleans, aged 53 years.
WILLIAMS— In Alameda, December 1. 1898,
Mrs. Clara Williams, beloved mother of Ed-
win Grant, Hal and Maud WJlliams. a na-
tive of Illinois, aged 57 years and 3 months.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALrTERA
W Fifth St., opposite Lincoln bchooL
Telephone South 80.
H. B. McA VOX, Manager.
McAVOY <fc CO.,
FUNEIiAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER» I
' 1236 Market et.. between Bth and 9th. I
Telephone, South 247. |
910
MAJOR MOORE
CHARGED WITH
BASE CONDUCT
Made Dishonorable Proposals to
Several Lady Typewriters
in His Office.
Ex-Collector Wise Is in Washington to As
sist in Taking the Scalp of the Special
Agent of the Treasury.
The Custom-house volcano has belch
ed forth a scandal, the biggest one that
has been known for years. It is not
in the Chinese Bureau this time, but
it was bred within the most sacred and
innermost rocesses of the office of Ma
jor Horace A. M ore, Special Agent of
the treasury.
The news comes from Washington
and is of sufficiently grave import to
justify the belief that the major will
lose his official head, not from any po
litical cause but because of a serious
moral delinquency. He is charged with
conduct unbecoming an officer of the
United States Government in this that
he made Improper proposals to a lady
typewriter, whom he locked in his office
and cursed and abused her in a brutal
manner because she refused to accede
to his demands.
Ex-Customs Collector John H. Wise
is now in Washington and Is in pos
on of all the facts bearing upon
the case. What makes the matter yet
blacker is the fact that this is not Ma-
Jor Moore's first offense. He appears
singularly susceptible to lady
typewriters, and the door-locking epl
sode just mentioned is checked up
against him as the latest of three at
least.
The story told by the typewriter sev
eral weeks ago to her nearest friends
bears the mr ress of truth. The lady
is a church member in good standing
and bears an unassailable reputation.
She is alone and without a dollar in the
world. Through the influence of
friends she secured a position in Major
Moore's office in the Appraisers' build
ing, and, being an accomplished sten
ographer, no fault was found with her
work until after she had spurned the
dishonorable proposition made to her
by Major Moore.
She relates that one day when Gen
eral Vernon and Messrs. Gassaway and
Charming were out of the office the
major turned the key in the lock and
attempted to carry out his base de
signs. The lady resisted and so for
cibly that the major was obliged to un
lock the door and release her from the
perilous predicament in which he had
placed her.
She was too good a woman to keep
the dreadful affair a secret, and, smart
ing with indignation, humiliation and
shame, she related the distressing in
cident to her friends, among whom was
Rolla V. Watt of the Young Men's
Christian Association. Her poverty
prevented her from leaving her situa
tion and by the advice nf her friends
she continued at her desk, but she and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Blotches, Yellow, Oily, Mothy
Complexions, Red, Rough Hands,
Shapeless Nails, Itching Palms,
Dry, Thin and Falling Hair and
Simple Baby Humors prevented
by
the most effective skin puri-
fying and beautifying soap in
the world, as well as purest
and sweetest for toilet, bath
aad nursery.
Save Your Hair Warm «nampoo« with
CUTICrRA SOAP, fol-
lowed by light dressings with Cutlcura, pur-
e«t of emollient skin cures, will clear the scalp
and hair of crusts, scale* and dandruff, soothe
Irritated and Itching surfaces, stimulate the
hair follicles, supply tile roots with enerry and
nourishment, and thus produce luxuriant hair,
v.-'.th clean, wholeaoma scalp, when all else
Tails.
i?ave Your skin For _ *°\ f r «h- heat
rash. Inflammations, ir-
ritations, chafing*, undue or offensive perspira-
tion, and other sanative uses, nothing so cool-
ing, soothing, purifying and refrpshlng as a
hath with CUTICURA SOAP, the most effective
ekln purifying and beautifying noap In the
world, as well »? purest and sweetest for
toilet, bath nnd nursery.
Bold throughout the world. Price, CUTICURA
p<"iAP, J6e CUTICURA (ointment) JOc. POT-
TER DRUG & CHEM. CORP.. Sola Prop#. f
Boston. British Depot, 1 King Edward St.,
London. Depot Francals, lit Faubourg St.
Ilonore. Paris. Send for "Face, Hands aad
tUlr" book m»U»4 tr—.
' the major did not speak except on
j business.
Not long after the affair of the locked
door the special agent informed Col
lector Jackson that the typewriter was
incompetent and that he had no use for
her. The Collector, suspecting nothing
wrong, and not having heard of the
amorous exploit of the major, ordered
her discharged. Her friends at this
Juncture saw that it was their duty to
reveal the truth and they told the Col
lector the story of the persecution ot
the woman. They told him further
that alter she had rejected the major's
advances the major cursed and swore
at her whenever they were alone, prob
ably with the object of driving her
from the office. They assured the Col
lector that if he deprived the lady of
her position he would become morally
a party to a crime.
Colonel Jackson, without a moment's
hesitation, countermanded the order
and advised the young woman to re
main where she was. In order to place
her where the major could not abuse
her without being heard and seen her
typewriter was moved from the ma
jor's private office to the outer room,
in which are the desks of Messrs. Gas
saway, Vernon and Charming.
The strangest part of the story is
yet to be told. Major Moore was vis
ited by a prominent friend of his em
ploye, a lady, and was chided for his
ungentlemanly actions. In response to !
her remonstrances he declared that he !
was infatuated with his typewriter and i
that he could not help making love to
her.
Former amorous episodes of the ma
jor have been common talk in the Cus
tom-house for many months. About
two years ago the major had an au
burn-haired typewriter in his office and
she complained to Collector Wise, who
assigned her to another department.
The matter was the subject of an in
vestigation, but it is said the report
was throttled before it could get start
ed on the road to Washington. Only a
few months ago the major fell in love
again. This time the object of his so
called affection was the tppewriter of
a prominent Federal official upstairs.
She complained to her employer and
refused to go to the major's office any
more to assist him in his work.
There is also a typewriter in Los An
geles—but that is another story.
Ex-Collector Wise does not love the
major, and there are others. Where
fore the story of his multiple love is
related in the corridors of the White
House and in the hotels of Washington,
and the wise men in po-litics say the
affair will end in the departure of the
major from the too-stimulating climate
of California.
CHIEF LEES IN CHINATOWN.
The Head of the Department Inves
tigates the Work Done by
His Men.
Chief of Police Lees visited Chinatown
yesterday to see for himself what might
be done to put down the reign of terror
in that quarter. The Chief Is determined
to stop the murder and robbery which
have been going on for months, and if the
methods now being used are not sufficient
others will be adopted.
The Chief was piloted by Lieutenant
Price and expressed himself entirely
satisfied with the work so far done by
that officer and Lieutenant Esola, A
number of the highbinder dens which
have been broken up were visited, and
fu ter Ipoklnfir at the wrecked furniture
the Chief remarked that it looked as if
the hatchetmen had moved. The Chief
also went into a numuer of the so-called
merchant clubs with a view to seeing
what might be done to stop the gambling
The special Chinatown squad made the
rounds of the dismantled meeting-places
of the highbinders three times yesterday
lion fr?^ ho**h o **? 001 iV he " me cond ' :
tlon in which they had been left, and no
Chinamen were in evidence. Rumors of
meetings of hatchetmen In different
places come to the officers every day but
fal'-Te Stlgati ° n always PWfVe them to be
. Tn . e . mprclla , nt who arc de sirous of end-
Ing the war between the Suey Vines and
]he Suey .Sings ; have been unable to raise
the $600 demanded by the Suey Yings. and
the war is liable to break forth anew at
3? ?h?™ e^S Th « pence in Chinatown
of the much-feared Lieutenants Price and
Esola has a tendency to keep the high
lXf th U COVer ' but lt * the -eneral
belief that as soon as they are taken
away shooting will begin. la^en
FOB SWEET CHARITY.
Grand Formal Opening of the Big Ba
zaar and Musical Contest
To-Night.
The grand formal opening of the Char
ity Bazaar and California Musical Con
test will take place at Mechanics' Pa,
v lion this evening:, and a throng of peo
ple will be there. The exercises are to
begin at 8 o'clock, and a delightful D ro-
? m tV f v USic < and "Pecialtiw wilFbe
presented. . Prominent personages will be
present to assist at the opening
The three concerts and the ' firemen's
benefit of last week were preliminary to
this evenings entertainment, which is
contributed by the best musical talent of
this city and elsewhere.
Nearly every available foot of space in
the big booths piled now occupied
artistic booths piled high with holiday
goods. The pavilion is a bower of potted
plants,. and the national colors hang m
profusion from the dome and balconies
It is estimated that fully $250,000 worth of
goods are on exhibition.
Santa Clfius will be very much in evi
dence, and the charities taking part are
sparing no efforts to give the children a
rare treat. The Young Women's Orches
tra of 40 pieces, conducted by Miss Nina
Ch. de St. Hubert; the yon Meyerinck
chorus of 50 voices, and Brandt's full or
chestra, assisted by Miss Lillian Sprague
Copping, have arranged some delightful
numbers. Specialties and amusement of
all kinds are also in store.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
NOW FOR THE BATTLE.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, Alleg-ed Mur
deress, Goes to Trial To-Day.
The opening of the trial of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin, charged with the murder of Mrs
Dunning and Mrs. Deane, is set for this
morning at 10 a. m. in Judge Carroll
Cook's court. All the local witnesses have
been notified to be present when the case
is called. Tne fourteen Delaware wit
nesses, who were expected to arrive last
night, will not get here until to-night as
their train was delayed.
As several days will be required to se
cure a jury the case can proceed to
day. Mrs. Botkin's attorneys say they
will not seek any delay, and as the prose
cution has announced its readiness to pro
ceed in all probability tne drawing of
the Jurors will commence this morning.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1898.
BURGLARS IN A GUNSTORE
Entrance Effected to Ladd's Store by a Rope From the Third Story
of the Hobson House and by Forcing Open the Rear Window.
A DARING burglary was commit
ted in E. H. Ladd's gun store,
421 Kearny street, between 8
o'clock Saturday night, when the
store was closed, and 6 o'clock yester
day morning, when evidence of the
visit of the burglars was discovered.
The police were notified and Detec
tive Cody and Policeman Colen were
detailed on the case. They were not
long in recovering the property sto-
len. but have not yet been able to dis
cover who the men were that commit
ted the burglary.
The. strangest part of the case Is the
mode of ingress adopted by the bur
glars. They got Into the Hobson
OFFER TRIBUTE
TO MEMORY OF
DEPARTED ELKS
Appropriate Services
Held Yesterday.
IMPRESSIVE AND SOLEMN
INVOCATION BY FATHEB WY
MAN OF THE FAULISTS.
Large Audience Assembles to Wit
ness the Ceremonies That Are
an Annual Feature of the
Organization.
Beautifully rendered and solemnly Im
pressive were the memorial exercises held
under the auspices of San Francisco
I>odge No. 3, Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks, in the California Theater
yesterday afternoon. The first Sunday in
December of each year is set apart by
the Elks for the purpose of paying tribute
to the memory of members who have
passed away during the preceding twelve
months, and the ceremonies of yesterday
were but the carrying out of the annual
prjKramme. Seldom, if ever, has the oc
casion born marked by such deep interest
and thorough preparation. For the first
time in the history of San Francisco, if
not of the country, a Catholic priest was
numbered among those who took part in
the services conducted under the auspices
of a secret order, the Rev. H. H. Wyman,
the Paulist father, pastor of St. Mary's
Church, delivering the invocation.
The stage was simply but tastefully
decorated with huge bunches of white
chrysanthemums, potted palms and smi
lax, the latter also being gathered in fes
toons around the boxes and the proscen
ium arch. Raised on a platform in the
rear of the stage, so that it appeared to
be standing among the rocks of its native
wilds, it-ss a magnificent specimen of the
elk family, while at the front of the stage.
Its spreading antlers forming a sort of
frame for the altar, was an elk head of
unusual size and beauty, with twelve elec
tric lamps placed on the separate tips. A
white shaft fifteen 'feet high, made of
chrysanthemums and bearing the inscrip
tion "Lodgn No. 3, P. B. O. E.," occupied
a prominent position on the right of the
stage.
Tne theater was filled to overflowing
with members of the lodge and their
friends and visiting Elks from abroad. On
House, part of which is over the gun
store, and made their way to the third
story to an unoccupied room in the
rear to the north ■ : I of the building.
They had provided themselves with a
rope sixty feet in length and tied one
end of it to a waterpipe outside the
window. They made their way down
this rope to the rear of the gun store
and opened one of the windows with
the use of a "jimmy." There was an
Iron bar across the window, but they
succeeded in removing it. Inside they
attempted to break open the safe, but
the clumsy way they went about it
leads the police to beHevo that they
were amateurs at safecracking. They
the stage sat the officers of the lodge—Ex
alted Ruler H. S. Manning, Esteemed
Leading Knight John H. Wood, Esteemed
Loyal Knight T. F. Bonnet. Esteemed
Lecturing Knight James N. Odell, Secre
tary Harrison Houseworth, Treasurer H.
S. Hagan, Chaplain William Jones, Es
quire Thomas E. Dunne. Tiler L. G.
Weatherly, Inner Guard Herman Kohn,
Orator W. H. L. Barnes. Brother F. A.
Cutler and Rev. H. H. Wyman.
Beethoven's "Funeral March," rendered
by the orchestra, marked the opening of
the preliminary exercises, followed by a
sol© and chorus by the choir of the Tem
ple Emanu-El. Exalted Ruler Manning
then opened the ceremonies according to
the ritual of the order, all the members
present participating. The programme in
full was as follows:
Orchestra, "Funeral March" (Beethoven);
solo and chorus, "Day of God," set to music
In strict conformity to the ancient Kol Nidre
melody, by B. J. Stark, directed by Wallace
A. Sabln: soloist. Miss I>aisy Cofao and Templa
Emanu-El Choir; opening ceremonies, the
lodge; soprano solo, "Aye Maria" (Francis),
Miss Ida Valeria; responses, officers of the
lodge: opening ode; invocation. Rev. H. H.
Wyman: orchestra.. "The Ixist Chord" (Sulli
vaji): quartet, "Jesus, I^over of My Soul," th»
Temple Quartet. Mr. C. T. Wendel, first tenor;
Dr. R. W. Smith, si-cnnd tenor: Mr. A. A.
Ratkln, first bass: Mr. E. O. Mcßain, second
bass; oration, Brother W. H. L. Barnes; solo,
"Prayer From Rienzt" (Wagner), Brother
Rhys Thomas; requiem, for three 'cellos and
piano (Popper), Messrs. Arthur Weiss, Theo
dore Mansfeldt. Frank Bracamonte; accom
panist, Mr. Ryu la Ormay: "In Memoriam"
(Tennyson), Hon. F. J. Murapky; polo, "Re
pentance" (Gounod), Miss Mary Lick; eulogy.
Brother F. A. Cutler; quartet, "Thus Ends
the Scene" (Gerrlsh), the Temple Quartet;
barytone solo, "The Holy City" (Adams), Mr.
W. B Hopkins; solo and chorus. 0 Ix>rd, What
Ir Man?" (Psalm xc) (E. J. Stark), directed
by Wallace A. Sahin; barytone solo, E. J.
Stark and Temple Emanu-El Choir; benedic
tion. Rev. J. A. Emery: orchestra, "Amer
ica." Slg. P. Martinez and Mr. Gyula Ormay
accompanists and Brother Eugene E. Schmitz
director of the orchestra.
The choir of Temple Emanu-El consists
of:
Miss Daisy Cnhn, soprano; Mmc. Bernard!,
soprano; Mrs. Oh Kelly, contralto; Miss Mur
phy, contralto; Mr. Hhys Thomas, tenor: Mr. S.
Homer Henley, basso, soloists; Mr. Wallace A.
Habin, organist: Miss Denny, Miss Atkins, Miss
Oovp. Miss Sellander, Mrs. Robert Lloyd and
Messrs. A. Messmer, E. Reransion, P. J. Sajidy,
Robert Lloyd and E. J. Stark, director.
As the parting refrains of the orchestra
Sccoe at the California Theater
Duriog tbe ElKs* Memorial
Services.
welled forth the audience passed quietly
and quickly out, and the annual tribute
to the memory of the departed Elks was
finished. Similar exercises were held in
every city in the United States where
there is a lodge of the order.
IN MEMORY OF THE DEAD.
Oakland Elks Bob the Grave of Its
Victory.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 4.
Oakland Lodge No. 171, Benevolent and
only managed to break off the handle
and to destroy the combination.
Failing in their attempt to break
open the safe they turned their atten
tion to the stock and selected six Par
ker breech-loading guns, a dozen pock
et-knives, thirteen otter skins and a
field glass. They also stole $25 that
was in the cash drawer. In their
hurry to get away they left the rope
dangling from the third-story window
and it was the sight of it yesterday
morning at 6 o'clock that led. to the
discovery of the burglary.
Detective Cody and Policeman Colen,
after making an investigation of the
store along with the proprietor, made
a search of the Hobson House and dis
covered the stolen articles on a land
ing on the second story that faces a
well. The only thing missing was the
$25. The officers are on tlte hunt for
the burglars. There is a suspicion tnat
they were inmates of the Hobson
House and waited for the chance when
one of the rear rooms was unoccupied.
About ten years a^o, when the store
was occupied by Shreve & Co., it was
entered by burglars and considerable
stock stolen. At that time entrance
was effected by means of a rope from
the second story of the Mobson House.
The burglars' occupied a room on that
story, having engaged it to work their
ends.
Protective Order of Elks, held memorial
services at the Macdonough Theater this
afternoon out of respect to their depart
ed brethren. The auditorium was crowd
ed, ;ind the decorations were of the usual
appropriate order.
I George W. Reed, the exalted ruler of the
lodge, presided, and the order of exer
cises opened with a sacred overture, "The
Omnipotence," by F. Schubert, given by
the orchestra under the direction of
Louis Homeir.
The eulogy, "In Memoriam," was de
livered by George E. De Golia. who dwelt
briefly upon the good fortune of the
| lodge in losing but one brother during the
past year, Frank P. Thwaites, \%ho pass
ed away last June. The others wnose
memories were respected are: Julius
O. Frye. William A. Moore, John W.
Wood, Thomas A. Downey, Frederick H.
Meyers, James Vance, Hugo D. Schroeder,
Edwin H. Campbell and George W. Wat
son.
"One of the keystones of our order is to
write the faults of our departed brethren
on the sands." said Mr. De Golia, "where
the continual washing of the tide effaces
every traof-; but their virtues we inscribe
in indellible lines upon the tablets of love
and memory."
After responses by officers of the lodge,
Edward Benjamin delivered a stirring ad
dress on "The Order; Its Objects, Its Ori
gin and Its Traits of Charity."
During the services appropriate songs
were sung by the Male Quartet, and Miss
Mary Alveta Morse sang a soprano solo,
O, Divine Redeemer."
MEMORIAL SERVICES
HELD BY THE ELKS
At Los Angeles Senator White Dcliv-
ers an Oration on the Sub
ject "Fraternity."
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 4.— The Los An
geles Lodge of Elks held memorial serv
ices to-day at Burbank Theater. Exalted
Ruler John Brink presided and acted as
master of ceremonies. Secretary Charles
H. O'Neill read the roll of dead members,
which included the following: J. T. Rams
dell, C. E. Gault, W. A. Ryan H. C.
Dougherty, Harry Gutch, C. Richardson,
J. F. Timothy and I. T. Bush.
Remarks were made by Hon. Frank G.
Finlayson and Dr. J. J. Choate, surgeon
of the Seventh Regiment. United States
Senator Stephen M. White delivered an
oration, taking for his subject "Frater
nity." Rev. Hurt Estes Howard of the
Onurch of the Covenant delivered the ser
mon.
iuiss Mary Carrington, prlma donna of
the Grau Opera Company, sang "The Lord
Is My Light." The members of the com
pany also participated in the musical pro
gramme. The services were attended by
an audience that tested the capacity of
the theater. They were very impressive.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 4.— The annual
memorial services of Sacramento Lodge
No. 328. B. P. O. E., were held in the Con
gregational Church this afternoon. The
services were impressive, and the singing
of the Elks' Double Quartet and the Lyric
Quartet, the latter composed of ladies,
was of a high order. The memorial address
was delivered by Joseph D. Sproul of
Chico and the eulogy was pronounced by
Judge C. N. Post of this city.
HISTORY OF THE CHURCH.
Dr. Spaulding Lectures on the Early
History of Christianity.
Dr. Spaulding of the First Congregation
al Church delivered an interesting lec
ture last night on the "History of the
Church." He followed out the progress
of Christianity from the organization of
the church by Christ until the close of
the third century, A. D.
"There are four phases In which the
early history of the church may be most
advantageously considered," he said.
"First, that it was one; second, that It
was holy; third, that it was Catholic, and
fourth, that it was apostolic."
Dr. Spaulding then dealt at length with
the advancement of religion In regard to
each categorical division.
"Secret Service" in Oakland.
The noted play, "Secret Service," will
be given at the Macdonough Theater,
Oakland, next Thursday and Friday
nights by Gottlob, Marx & Co. Notwith
standing it has been given here, many
from this side of the bay have signified
their Intention to attend on those even
ings. Tickets for the parformances will
be on sale at the Columbia Theater box
office.
Lectured on Magic.
The Theosophical Society held its
weekly meeting last evening in the
Academy of Sciences buiiuing. The large
auditorium was well filled with an in
terested gathering, which listened with
the closest attention to Dr. J. A. Ander
son, the speaker of the evening. The
subject of his remarks was "Magic in Its
Relation to Theosophy." Dr. Allen Griffith
was the chairman of the meeting.
Robbed by a Masked Burglar.
The residence of Mr. Sanderson, at 2233
Broadway, whs broken into and robbed
last Tuesday night by an unknown mask
ed burglar. It is presumed that an en
trance into the building was effected
through the basement window, there be
ing marks of a Jimmy having been used.
Bur wallpaper & window tbades at Clark*
CSS Market. , Country orders solicited. -■*;'•...;
ADVEBTKEMENTS^^
NEW GOODS
'"?; FOR
THE HOLIDAYS!
Our stock of NEW GOODS for the HOLIDAY TRADE
is now complete, and we are showing* a splendid assort-
ment of seasonable goods in all departments.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
LADIES' LINEN CAMBRIC INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
90c, $1.50 and $2.25 Box. :
, : : Half Dozen In a Box.
LADIES' EMBROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN HAND-
KERCHIEFS,
20c, 25c, 35c, up to $2.50 Each.
LADIES' PLAIN LINEN CAMBRIC AND SHEER LAWN HEM-
STITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, *
$1.20, $1.50, $2, up to $9 Dozen.
GENTS' LINEN CAMBRIC INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
B $1.50, $2.40 and $3 Box. -,
Half Dozen In a Box.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS,
$1.75, $2.40, $3, up to $9 Dozen.
GENTS' SILK INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
35c, 50c, 75c and $1 Each.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED SILK REEFERS,
$1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2 and $2.50 Each.
SPECIAL.
150 dozen LADIES' SHEER LINEN EMBROIDERED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, in a splendid variety of patterns,
50c Each.
SPECIAL.
300 dozen EMBROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN LAWN
HANDKERCHIEFS, assorted patterns,
15c Each.
A large variety of CHILDREN'S FANCY HANDKERCHIEFS, in
NOVELTY BOXES, .
20c, 25c, 30c and 50c Box.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.^
gOLDBERQ
BOW EN
5c CD.
NEW GOODS v-
Finnan haddies with the big bone out
California white figs in baskets
Good door mats
Hungarian papriika '
Pomeranian stuffed geese and ducks .
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
All our £oc teas lb 40c
■Ten varieties (5-lb canister $2)
Jordan shelled almonds 40c
regularly 50c lb
French vermouth""*' l^ ££c
Italian vermouth- ree ' Iy £ S"oc
Lazeran sardines— 20c
regularly 25c tin
Pop corn 6 lbs 25c
Castile SOap— 30c bar 2£C
Asparagus [tips- ff eyS y I2H * ioc
Scotch and Irish whiskies
Highland Club, reg'ly $1 bottle 85c
Kifiy crqy, reg'ly $1 bottle 85c
• Caledonian, reg'ly $1.35 bottle $1 10
German boullion capsules 30C
reg'ly 35c tin of ten (beef tea)
Placer county oranges 40c
regularly 50c dozen
Butter— California and Elgin lb 2£C
packed in tubs '.. ' :■ : . ■ "
Ripe Olives— reg'ly 25c quart 2OC
Johann Maria Farina cologne COC
regularly 60c bottle
Cigars for the holidays >
Special sizes in pretty wrappers for gifts
December catalogue free— ask for it
432 Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
otj:r, "
Anniversary
AND
GIFT DAY
WILL TAKE PLACE
TUESDAY - December 6, '98
All those making purchases will
be presented with a HANDSOME
souvenir:
G.LEIPNITZ&CO.,
COR. GRANT AYE. AND SUTTER.
Munyon'sHeadache and indvgestionCurß.
Is the only remedy cv tL«s market that
will cure every form of Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the , sys-
tem. ■•-■•." It should be In ', every home > and
•very traveler's gripsack. At ail Drug*
.flats. 26 cures, 250. • ",
Beware of Imitations
TRorcesfeFshiret/}
' JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Aunts, NEW YORK.
A MOST INTERESTING
COLLECTION of HOLl-
day gifts on sale.
Opticians ko^ a k
642 Market St..
. Chronicle building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
ooo oo ooooooooooooa
w PALACE «*2
ZGRAND HOTELS i
6 ; bam rrtAMCiaco. 2
if ' Connected by a covered passagr*w»y. JJ
P 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. J
D AU Under One Maaagrenient. Q
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
m. Europoan PUn.BI.OO per day and upward _
D American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward
ft Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOBS 0. KIBSFA7HICS, Hutgii. >fl
QJD OOOOOOOOOOOQOOLfILO
DR;MULTY;
rj^HIS WKLL-KNOWJS AND RELTABTiKOLD
J. .Vpeoialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only.- Boole on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
PatientscuredntHome. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
tOl£d»lly;7toB:Joer'Kß. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull, or address
P. ROBCOE Mc> UIiTY, M. D.
£6^ Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
. : : • __
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonlo
for the sexual ■ and urinary organs of ' both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of. th»
kidneys and, bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and . Nervine. - Sells on its own
Merits; no winded testimonials necessary
-;, NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market , street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
A W^ HSR ■ H &nd Morphine Habits cured
II at ronre. Write for lull
§J| 111 l P"lieui.«
J8 |f | INDIAN OPIUM CURE,
VI I Will B. 0. KIMMIS,
: J '■■ 201 Turk' St., San' Francsico.