VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 126.
DANGER NOT
SERIOUS, BUT
ADMIT GREAT
Foreign Fleet Assem
bling at Tientsin.
UNEASINESS AS TO CHINA
WARSHIPS TO GET AS NEAR PE
KING AS POSSIBLE.
In tlie Event of an Outbreak Life
-«nd Property of American
Citizens Will Be
Protected.
LONDON. Oct. 4.— The Peking
correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle, telegraphing Satur
day via Shanghai, says: A mob
i? menacing foreigners. The wife
of the Italian; Minister whs at
tacked yesterday while on her
way to church, and several
Americans coming from the rail
way were wounded by stones.
The foreign Ministers have sent
a collective note to the Govern
ment asking for the suppression
of these outrages and the pun
ishment of the culprits.
Social Disnatrh to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.-The
Department has re
ceived the following cable
gram from Minister Conger,
at Peking::
"There is ao Berious danger yet, but
considerable anxiety for the future. The
t OT elgi - assembling at Tientsin.
Ie Ministers are ordering ma-
PeWng for legation guard."
retaxy Long, upon advices re
ceived at the State Department showing
the existence of threatening conditions
in China, has ordered Admiral Dewey
to send two warships Immediately from
Manila to a point as near the Chinese
caplUJ as it is possible for a warship
to approach. The vessels selected for
this undertaking are the Baltimore and
Petrel. It is expected that the Balti
more will not : able to get beyond the
Taku forts at the entrance ■ f Peiho
hioh Is situated.
■ -i :.■ tug "i" smaller propor
tions, may be able to r«>ach Tientsin,
eighteen miles above the mouth and
about the same distance below Peking.
The officials regret that there is not
now on the Asiatic squadron a light
draught gunbi at of the Helena class,
which could ascend the river as far as
the t'hinese capital.
Secretary Long said that the sole
purpose of ordering the Baltimore and
: to Tientsia was to safeguard
American interests and protect life and
property of American citizens in the
lUtbreak in the interior,
Tientsin being the nearest point to
Pekis ; accessible to warship?.
NE STORK. Oct. 3.— A Washington
ppecial to c Herald says: It was In
I llance with the official request of
r ;hat instructions have
Lear Admiral Dewey di
recting that the cruiser Baltimore and
gunb >rdered to Tientsin.
The authorii ■■• anxious
about the si uati.-n in China than they
are willing mife The Baltimore
will probably take Btatlon at Taku,
where the Itish and Russian fleets
are lying, and the Petrel, which will be
able to cross the Taku har, will con
tinue to Tientsin, where she will go
into th-- mud ock for the winter. It
would not be surprising when the aux
iliary cruiser i:uffal'» starts for Manila
if she were accompanied by several
light gunboata such as the Helena and
Wilmington, which are especially built
for Chinese service. The Bennington,
wh:< ■;; te at Honolulu, may also be sent
to Manila to replace the Petrel.
Rear Admiral Dewey has informed
the State Department of the necessity
of having several light-draft vessels
for service among the Philippines, and
In sending boats to China the depart
ment would not only meet his desires
but would have sufficient force to pro
tect American missionaries and official
representatives in China.
The dispatch of the Baltimore to Ta
ku is regarded as significant of the in
tention of this Government to show
that the United States is deeply inter
ested In th- fate of China and proposes
to take action for the protection of its
interest.-.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai pays that telegrams
from Peking have been detained two
days. The last telegram received, ac
cording to this dispatch, announces
that the foreign Ministers had held an
emergency meeting. The German war
ship at Kiaochau, it alao stated, had
" started hurriedly for Taku the day be
fore. Marquis Ito, who, it is under
stood, is visiting China for the purpose
of arranging an offensive and defensive
alliance between China and Japan, has
left Tientsin for Shanghai, owing to
the impossibility of prosecuting nego
tiate ms during the crisis. The foreign
Ministers, it is stated, forbid any for
eign residents going to Peking, it is
expected that Sir Claude Macdonald,
the British Minister, will surrender
Kang Yuwei.
Yamantsu. leader of the rebellion in
the Szechuen province, has issued a
proclamation ordering the extermina
tion of all foreigner?.
The Peking correspondent of the
Daily Mail telegraphing on September
29 says that the Emperor vainly tried
to escape from the palace, but was ar
rested by the Dowager's people.
The British Foreign Office has n©
news of the death of the Emperor of
China and discredits the report.
The San Francisco Call
A Birdseye View of the Peiho River, From Taku, at the Mouth, to Peking, the Capital, Showing Also the Vice Royal City of Tientsin, Where the Petrel and
Other Light-Draft Foreign War Vessels Will Probably Be Stationed for a Time.
SENATOR QUAY ARRESTED ON
A CHARGE OF CONSPIRACY
Accused of Securing Pub
lic Moneys for His
Own Use.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. S.—War
rants were issued to-day for the
arrest of United States Senator
M. S. Quay, his son, Richard S.
Quay, ex-State Treasurer Benja
min Haywood and Charles H. McKee
of Pittsburg, law partner of Lieutenant
Governor Lyon. They are accused of
conspiracy with John S. Hopkins, for
merly < ishier of the People's Bank, to
use puoiic moneys for their own use.
Hopkins killed himself last March
shortly before the bank's failure.
Senator Quay and his son came up
from Atlantic City as Boon as they
heard of their Intended arrest. They
promptly surrendered themselves, and
Magistrate Jermon held them in $5000
bail each for a hearing at noon next
Thursday. David H. Lane, the Repub
lican leader, became their bondsman,
and this afternoon they returned to the
seashore. By advice of their attorney
they declined to discuss the case. They
will come back to the city on Wednes
day so as to be In full time for the
hearing. Mr. Haywood 1b in Nebraska
and Mr. McKee in New York.
United States Senator Penrose. who
was with his colleague this afternoon,
spoke freely after the latter's depart
ure for Atlantic City.
"I presume Senator Quay will not
make any statement at this juncture,"
said he, "regarding th\p last dastardly
attack of his enemies, though he will
doubtless at the proper time. There is,
however, no reason why I, as his col
league and personal friend, should be
silent.
"Attempted assassination of charac
ter has been almost the sole weapon of
attack employed by Senator Quay's op
ponents for several years and the
methods pursued have been augmented
in vickusness and vindlctiveness as
their futility has been demonstrated.
As the last despairing effort of un
scrupulous conspirators comes this
brutal move of the opposition, which
they have had upon their programme
for weeks, with a desperate hope that it
might, in ie way, aid in the election
of a Democratic Legislature. The peo
ple of Pennsylvania are, above all
thing* else, fair and Just and they can
SA^T FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
THE SEAT OF TROUBLE IN CHINA.
be trusted to see through the sinister
motives animating the small coterie of
disgruntled, defeated politicians who
are responsible for the sensational re
sort to the courts.
"In due time there will be a complete
exposition of the true inwardness of
this latest act in the drama of char
acter assassination, now so conspicuous
a feature in Pennsylvania politics."
The warrants were made out on Sat
urday by Magistrate Jermon at the in
stance of District Attorney Graham and
on the affidavit of Charles F. Myers of
the District Attorney's office. Mr.
Myers is a detective and acted on in-
CHANGES AGAINST QUOY ET OL.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 3.— The affidavit on which the warrants for the arrest of the Quays,
Haywood and McKee were issued is as follows:
"State of Pennsylvania, Oity and County of Philadelphia, ss.: Charles I\ Myers, being sworn
according to law, doth depose and say that Matthew Stanley Quay, Benjamin J. Haywood, Richard R.
Quay and Charles H. McKee, and other persons, to this deponent unknown, did unlawfully combine,
confederate, conspire and agree to and with each other and tne said persons unknown to use the pub
lic moneys of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania for their own use, and also did combine, confeder
ate, conspire and agree \o and with each other and divers persons to this deponent unknown, and to
and with John S. Hopkins, deceased, formerly cashier of the People's Bank of Philadelphia, a corpora
tion duly created and existing under the laws of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, to unlawfully buy
and sell stocks — that is, shares of stock in divers corporations, and did unlawfully use and employ the
moneys of the People's Bank, within the county of Philadelphia and within two years last past.
"All of which deponent upon information and belief says is true. And further deponent say
et h no t CHARLES F. MYERS.
"Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 30th day of September, A. D. 1898.
"J. M. RUSH JERMON, Magistrate."
formation furnished by Thomas W.
Barlow, receiver of the People's Bank.
District Attorney Graham said that
upon the evidence in the shape of let
ters and papers furnished to him he
believed it his duty to begin proceed
ings. He added:
"I propose to have a hearing as
quickly as possible and to produce at
that hearing all the facts necessary to
a binding over. Some of the facts will
be reserved until the time of the triaJ.
If the state of affairs as represented to
me is true it ought to be exposed. This
SENATOR MATTHEW S. QUAY.
rottenness oufht to be shown up, no
matter upon whom it reflects. It is not
my practice to speak in advance of the
trial of cases and I will say nothing
further as to its merits."
Graham expressed ft firm determina
tion to proceed vigorously.
James H. McManes, formerly presi
dent of the defunct People's Bank, said
that he had known the warrants were
to be issued, although he had nothing
to do with the action. He asserted ig-.
norance of any transactions justifying
it. Mr. McManes added:
Friends Say It Is a Scheme
of Democrats to Assas
sinate Character.
"Senator Quay and his son, Richard,
both had their personal notes discount
ed at the bank, the last of which ma
tured after the bank had closed its
doors. These notes were all promptly
paid when due and neither Mr. Quay
nor his son is indebted to the bank one
dollar that I know of."
The news struck political circles of
all shades of faith like a thunderbolt,
and a -ariety of explanations were
given and discussed throughout the
day. Secretary of the Commonwealth
David Martin said he knew nothing be
yond the newspaper statements. The
affair acquires additional significance
from the fact that it comes in the
midst of one of the most .bitter cam
paigns ever foug-ht between Quay and
his opponents, involving the question of
his re-election to the Senate.
The People's Bank suspended busi
ness on March 24 last, and it presently
developed that Cashier Hopkins had
committed suicide. At this time the
State had deposited In the bank $505,
000 and the city $52,000, but the Institu
tion was insolvent.
President McManes agreed to make
good the amount of liabilities and most
of it has been since paid.
EX-TREASURERHAYWCOD
IS UNDER ARREST
OMAHA, Oct. 3.— Benjamin F. Hay
wood of Harrisburg, Pa., cashier for
the State Treasurer of Pennsylvania,
is under arrest at the Paxton Hotel in
this city. He is in the custody of a de
tective and will be sent back to Phila
delphia in care of an officer. The ar
rest was made at the hotel by Chief of
Police Martin White, at the instance of
State's Attorney Graham of Philadel
phia. Mr. Haywood had seen the even
ing papers and expressed no surprise.
He expressed his entire willingness to
go back to Pennsylvania, either alone
or with an officer. Mr. Haywood is ac
companied by his wife and had been at
the Paxton Hotel for several days.
Hay wood says he and Quay were warm
friends, but had nothing in common
with the bank. They had never used
the funds for speculative or other pur
poses and he knew nothing of the al
leged Doodling.
"I had $506,000 of State funds in the
bank when It closed. Since then every
dollar of it has been paid in, the last
hundred thousand having been paid
since I left home on a monthly^yaca
tion September 3. Quay owed the bank
$15,000 when it closed, but he paid it a
little later. The indebtedness was in
the form of a note and he told me it
was for an ordinary business transac
tion. This is all I know of the matter.
I was not an official of the bank, and
cannot understand why I should be ar
rested. I am much surprised and am
ready to go on demand. Still, if the
police do not send for me I will not
start home before Friday, as that was
my plan before I heard this news. I
was at Omaha until last week and
came here to visit my brother-in-law,
and not to escape the law, as I then
had no idea of being arrested."
Helena Editor Dead.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— A. W. Lyman,
one of the best known newspaper writers
In the country and for seven years edi
tor and proprietor of the Helena (Mont.)
Independent, died this morning at bis
home In Brooklyn.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NOT YET READY
TO GIVE UP THE
PHILIPPINES
Spain Will Combat
All Such Demands.
PEACE COMMISSIONERS' WORK
IT IS REPORTED THAT MUCH
PROGRESS IS MADE.
Already Uncle Sam's Representativi
Have Made Propositions That
Have Staggered the Men
from Madrid.
8p«c1al Dispatch to The C*U.
MADRID, Oct. 3.— The reported
intention of the United States
Government to retain the whole
of the Philippine Islands has
created almost a state of stupe
faction here, and it is semi-omciully an
nounced that the Spanish Government
has resolved to vigorously combat any
action which, it is claimed, the terms
of the peace protocol preclude.
PARIS, Oct. 3.— The American Com
missioners held a meeting this room
ing at their own offices, preparatory to
the second meeting with the Spanish
Commissioners, which began at the
Commissioners' rooms in the F\>» ;ign
Office at 2 this afternoon. The plan
of work directed to be prepared by the
secretaries has not been perfected, aa
the secretary of the Spanish commis
sion did not arrive here until to-day.
To-day's session lasted until 4 o'clock,
at which hour the Commissioners ad
journed to meet at 2 o'clock next Fri
day afternoon, such interval, it is
claimed, being desirable and necessary
to allow separate consideration by each
commission of matters requiring suci
course before the joint commission
meets. The interval will be thus filled
with work by each commission, the ul
timate results being so facilitated.
The interval will also be employed by
the secretaries jointly in maturing
plans for the work and procedure.
While the Commissioners were at
luncheon to-day General Merritt, who
arrived here to-day, called at their ho
tel, but did not wait to see them. He
| will call again to-morrow morning to
meet the members of the commission.
The Spanish and American Cummts-
I sinners will be received to-morrow by
President Faure. The hour fixed for
the reception of the Americans is 4:15
in the afternoon. General Merritt will
accompany the Americans to this func
tion, which will be held at the Palais
d'Elysee.
The opinion is now held that the work
of the commission may be finished
within a month from the present time.
While it is the general impression
that to-day's meeting was again de
voted to preliminaries and that the ad
journment to Friday was taken only to
enable the secretaries to draw up a
schedule of work, the representative of
the Associated Press learns that the
session was highly important and that
the Americans have made a demand of
such character that the Spaniards find
it necessary to ask for an adjournment
in order to enable them to consult with
the Government at Madrid.
It is believed that the question con
cerns the Philippines, and it is known
that the Americans are highly pleased
at having so soon reached what they
consider a very important phase of the
negotiations and consider the two ses
sions thus far held as very satisfactory
to America. *She fact that a member
of the commission expressed the belief
that work would be completed within
a month indicates a happy frame of
mind.
In the Spanish camp great hopes are
built on what they believe General Mer
ritt will advise, namely, that the Fili
pinos are incapable of self-government
and that the whole situation does not
warrant America in taking the respon
sibility for the entire Philippines. The
Spaniards are quite ready to give what
ever America asks in the way of coal
ing stations, but will resist more to th*>
verge of a renewal of hostilities.
SPAIN CONTINUES TO
SPAR FOR TIME
But American Commissioners Insist
on Immediate Evacuation
of Cuba.
HAVANA. Oct. 3.— General Clous this
afternoon delivered to Senor Giranta the
American replies to the Spanish proposi
tion received yesterday. The Spanish re
ply advocated their original date, April 1,
as the end of evacuation, stating that
many physical difficulties stood in the way
of an earlier date. The American reply
says that the immediate evacuation of
Cuba is a part of the sacred contract be-i
tween the two Governments. The ob
stacles now cited were known then and
are not new. The agreement must be
kept.
The second communication taken by
Gen. Clous asked for the immediate modifi
cation or abrogation of the reconcentra
tion orders to permit Cubans to return to
work.
It is probable that both matters will be
discussed at the joint session which will
be held on Tuesday morninp. Matters are
likely to reach a crisis in the joint session
resulting either in a long step forward
or a Spanish appeal to Madrid.
TAMER'S HEAD BITTEN
OFF BY THE LION
Then the Vicious Beast's Mate Tore
. the Victim's Body to
Pieces.
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 3.— When Sparks'
circus exhibited at Gratlin, near here, the
lion tamer added to the programme by
putting his head into the lion's mouth.
The lion shut down, biting the trainer's
head off. The lion's mate sprang on the
body of the prostrate man and tore it to
pieces.2
TWO BUTTLES IN
THE PHILIPPINES
Governor Rios Reports
Victories.
INSURGENT ATTACK REPULSED
THIRTY-ONE NATIVES SLAIN AT
BASAN.
Uliips of Rear Admiral Dewey's
Fleet Being Scraped and
Put in Repair at
Hongkong.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, Oct. 3.— General Rios, Gov
ernor of the Vlzcayas Islands, reports
to the Government another defeat of tli ■
-gents. The Spanish Volunteers,
he says, also repulse-.l an insurgent at
tack on the town of Basan and killed
thirty-one of the attacking? force.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— The follow
ing dispatches have been received at
the War I '>']>artment:
MANILA. Oct. 3.— Adjutant General,
i: Steamer Scandia arrived to
day without accident. Private Jacobs of
the Hospital Corps died at sea of typhoid
fever, the remains wire brought here.
OTIS, Commanding.
MANILA, Oct. 3.— Adjutant General,
: The deaths among the,
troops In the Philippines during July, Au- *
■ s< pti mber \v< re i officers a
enlisted men. In August 2 officers and 50
im i officer and 16 en
listed m*n were killed in action, while 7
of wounds. Deaths for September.
25 enlisted men. Total deaths, IT men
In action; 7 dead from wounds: 14
from typhoid fever. Cause of remaining
deaths." accident and miscellaneous dis
eases. OTIS.
The Charleston arrived at Hongkong
yesterday from Manila. Like the Bos
ton and Raleigh, she will take her pla.ce
In the dock and will be put in the .best
of order, as trill all of the remaining
ships of Dewey's squadron.
MANILA. Oct. 3.— The American au
thorities here have invited all the school
teachers to resume the instructions of
th.-ir classes. The schools have
I sin. -c the surrender of Manila tv
the Americans.
CHAPLAIN M'INTYRE
PLEADS IRRESPONSIBILITY
Does Not Deny His Lecture, but
Claims He Was Under Men
tal Collapse.
I ENVBR, Oct. ::. -At D-day"? session.
of the court martial of Rev. Joseph P.
Mclntyn of the battleship Oregon for
Uonal charges against brother oftl
•' the navy made In a lecture de
. in Dem er on August 8, the chap
lain wont vii the stand in his own de-
Mis testimony is intended to es
tablish a plea of Irresponsibility for his
utterances on the occasion. In a stralght
forward, simple yet graphic mann<-r, he
::e story of the Oregon's wonderful
trip from rian Francisco around Cape
Horn; of the terribls extremes of heat
and cold passed through; of the nervous i
strain which the constant dread of meet- '
I;.K the enemy cansed; of the excitement 1
blockade and the groat battle of
July 3, followed by a □ tvous collapse on
the part of the narrator. He told how '
after he reached Denver in his weakened
condition i- to lecture,
only consenting finally because his ef
fort m : benefit in v financial way
10 ting Men's Christian Association,
himself declining to receive ;i cent of the
ds. He told how with whirling
brain he stood before the audience and
if his horror n<'xt morning when he i
read the published report of what he had
said. He made no denial of the reports,
saying that he could not remember his I
He only knew what he intended
to say.
H is expected the defense will rest its
case to-morrow. Physicians will be in
troduced to show the effect upon Chap
lain Mclntyre of medicines taken just!
prior to the lecture.
CAMPAIGN OPENED
AT ANGELS CAMP
Frank D. Hyan, John F. Davis and
Judson Brusie the Speakers
of the Evening.
ANGELS CAMP, Oct. ?,.— The Republi
can campaign was opened most auspi
ciously here to-night with bonfire?, band
music and oratory. After a brief address
Betting forth the principles of the Repub
lican platform, Alexander Brown of Mil
ton Introduced Frank D. n.yan of Sacra
mento. Republican nominee for Congress
in this district. Mr. Ryan spoke for
thirty minutes, denouncing the Demo
cratic platform aiv. Maguire and his pou
• cord.
He was followed by John F. .Oavis of
Jackson, who at nine launched out on a
scorching speech against corporations,
trusts, the Demo< rath part; and is nom
r Governor. During his speech he
paid a fitting tribute to the McKinley ad
ministration and the manner in which the
late war was prosecuted.
Judson Brusie of Sacramento spoke for
forty-five minutes, delivering an eloquent
Address. He paid a beautiful and toueh
trlbute to the volunteers and their
bravenesa during the battles of Santiago
and Manila. He then proceeded with a
most practical talk on the issues of the
campaign and held the audience with
interesting 1 facts as to why this should
be a Republican year. The Democratic
platform met with a scathing rebuke at
his hands, and Maguire was handled
■without gloves.
After three rousing cheers for McKln
ley. Gage and Neff and the Republican
cause the large assemblage adjourned.
TIDAL WAVE SWEPT
OVER BRUNSWICK
The Georgia Town Flooded During
the Tropical Hurricane on
Sunday.
BAVANNAH, Ga., Oct. 3.— A Brunswick,
Gu.. special to the Morning News says
that during the tropical hurricane of Sun
day a. tidal wave was driven in from the
sea and Inundated, for an average depth
of flve feet, practically every business !
house and warehouse In the city. Con- j
servative estimates place the property
loss at half a million dollars. In the real- :
deuce section of the city the water was ,
from two to eight feet deep. There was ;
a full Bweep of wind and water from the i
ocean Into and across the city.
Two fatalities in Brunswick and one a :
few miles out of the city have been re- I
ported.
Five vessels were ashore in Brunswick i
harbor, two being- th<- Norwegian barks i
• i and Louise, one an American j
schooner and two valuable pilot boats.
Several fronts of brick buildings were
blown partly out and the rain poured
through in torrents.
Highwayman Sentenced.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. ".—Judge Hart of
th<> Superior Court to-day sentenced fcarl
Rolf to twenty-five years' imprisonment
in the penitentiary at Folsom. Rolf and
three companions a m< nth ago robbed two
Japanese on the highway m-ar Brighton.
After his arrest he made a confession.
Two of fci^ companions escaped from the
County Jail last week.
Thrown From His Wagon.
OT'ERNEVILT.K. Oct. 3.— Crockett D.
Yarbough, a resident of Sonoma County
for the past thirty-eight years, was
thrown from his wagon and Instantly
killed yesterday.
TURKEY WILL BE
BROUGHT TO TIME
Decision Reached by the
President.
CLAIMS MUST BE SETTLED
FURTHER DELAY WILL NOT BE
PERMITTED.
Instructions to Be Sent to United
States Minister Straus Will
Be Very Peremptoi^
in Tone.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Turkey is to be called upon to
indemnify American missionaries for
damages sustained by their persons
and property as a result of riots during
the past three years. This is the de
cision ot the President after a careful
consideration of the matter with Secre
tary Hay.
The Turkish Government would pay
none of the claims filed against it by
foreign governments for injuries sus
tained by their citizens during the riots
which occurred in Armenia, and when
pressed for a specific answer by Dr.
Angell, disavowed its liability on the
ground that every effort had been made
by Turkish officials to protect life and
property. The reply was of such char
acter as to strongly indicate that the
Porte had no intention of satisfying the
claims, because it did not consider them
just.
Secretary Hay while on the way to
the I'nited States from England, dis
cussed the justice of the claims with
Dr. Angell', who had just returned from
the duties of Minister at Constantino
ple. Secretary Hay also had a confer
ence with Minister Straus, who suc
ceeded Dr. Angell. immediately upon
his arrival in Washington. He dis
cussed the claims with the President
and it was concluded that Turkey was
liable for damages.
"The issue 'has come," said an ad
ministration official with whom I
talked. "Turkey has disavowed liabil
ity Cor damages sustained by American
citizens. The United States holds that
the Porte is directly responsible on the
grounds that its officials connived at or
permitted outrages which are said to
have injured Americans and American
property. It will now depend upon the
President and Cabinet to determine
what shall be done to enforce the de
mand."
I learned this afternoon that an in
struction is being prepared at the State
Department at the instance of the Sec
retary which will be sent to Minister
Straus at once, and which will require
Turkey to make some settlement or at
least submit a proposition having ulti
mate settlement in view. It is not
known whether the President would go
as far as the last administration did in
preparing plans for making a naval
demonstration in Turkish waters.
The President, however, feels that the
matter is one which cannot be post
poned much longer and the instructions
which will be sent to Minister Straits
will be very peremptory in tone.
PATTERNED AFTER THE
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
Proposed Form of Government for
Hawaii That Meets ./ith
Much Favor.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— A Daily News Wash
ington special says; Hawaii is to have a
government patterned after that of the
District of Columbia, if reports are true.
The system here was devised by Senator
W. P. White of Maryland and is satisfac
tory to a majority of the residents of
Washington, In spite of the agitation for
"home rule" on the part of a minority
here. The general Government assumes
one-half of the taxes.
The District of Columbia is the ward of
the Government, just as the Hawaiian
Islands now are, so the proposition to
govern the recently annexed dependency
in a similar manner nn"ts with much
favor, and the prospect is it will receive
the sanction of Congress. The establish
ment of this system for the Hawaiian Isl
ands will avoid all the embarrassments
and complications which it Is feared
would result from a territorial form of
fovernment including even a modified suf
ragre.
M'BRIDE NO MATCH
FOR TOMMY WHITE
NEW YORK, Oct. 3,— Tommy White of
Chicago and Danny Mcßrlde of New York
met to-night at the Greater New York
Athletic Club for a twenty-five round bout I
to decide the 126-pound championship, but j
the light lasted a little less than one- |
fourth of the intended distance, White j
being the winner by long odds.
White's reach was a big advantage to j
him, and from the first round It was ap- I
parent that he would get all the money. \
Mcßride was game to the core, but he j
was outclassed. In the sixth round Me- I
Bride was sent to the floor three times in |
quick succession with heavy right swings !
on the jaw, and the referee mercifully ;
stopped the bout then and there. In order j
to prevent Danny's being knocked out and j
probably seriously injured.
CESSION OF ALASKAN
LAND NOT PROPOSED
No Foundation for the Report That
Territory Was to Be" Trans-
A ' erred to Canada.
NEW YORK, Oct. The following was
received from the Herald's Quebec cor
respondent early this morning: relative to
the reported intention of American Com- !
missioners to cede a strip of Alaskan soil !
to Canada:
"I can positively deny that any agree- I
ment has been arrived at or even nomin
ally proposed. Canada has not the power j
to give anything In Newfoundland and
controls nothing there, and the American !
Commissioners have not been asked for
any concession of territory in Alaska,
though the boundary is under discussion." |
■ ♦ ■
MIDROAD NOMINEES.
Anti-Fusion Populists of Colorado
Name a Ticket.
DENVER, Oct. The State convention j
of the middle-of-the-road Populists to-day ;
nominated the following ticket:
For Governor— Simon Guggenheim of Denver.
For Lieutenant Governor— Carney of !
Ouray.
For Treasurer— George H. Harvey of Denver.
For Secretary of — Elmer Beckwith of j
Boulder.
For — George Ash of Olathe.
For Attorney General— E. H. Campbell.
For Superintendent of Public instruction— ]
Mrs. Emma Ghent Curtis ■■( Canyon City.
For Uegents of the State University— B. M. !
Richards, Bishop Wolff and Mrs. A. R. Lyon.
Rev. Myron W. Reed was nominated for
Congress from the First District.
On the State ticket Guggenheim, the i
anti-Teller Silver Republican candidate
and Carney, Beckwith, Campbell and
Richards, Populists on the fusion ticket, i
are indorsed.
_-' ~z _' • "" — — :
To Cure a Ccud in One Day
Tali* Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
drufyElPts refund the money If It falls to cure.
25c. The genuine has I*. D. Q. on each tablet.
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
CORBETT WILL
NOT FIGHT ON
THE FIFTEENTH
Says He Is ComiQg to Sao F ran "
Cisco, Where b\e Is Assured
of pair Play.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— James J. Corbett was seen to-day and said
in unmistakable terms that he would not meet "Kid" McCoy on Oc
tober 15. The tenor of his conversation was that he was highly dis
gruntled over the treatment he received at the hands of those from
whom he should have been able to expect better things. He ex
pressed it as his intention to quit and make a trip to San Francisco,
where he would be able to get fair play.
In addition to Corbett's statement that he would not meet Mc-
Coy, he volunteered to advise the public that it had better not pa
tronize the advertised contest, for It would be disappointed. He said
that those who attended the affair would not see a fight.
'Why should this 'Kid' dictate to me?" said the ex-champion. "I
have been on top for years and now McCoy steps forth and attempts
to force me into doing as he proposes. It is ridiculous."
NAUGHT TO SAY
OF SINGLE TAX
Judge Maguire Speaks
at Madera.
ASSAILS GENERAL BARNES
MAKES NO REPLY TO MR. GAGE'S
ARGUMENTS.
Attempts to Explain His Action in
Opposing the Providing of
Revenues to Defray
War Expenses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADERA, Oct. 3.— James G. Maguire
arrived here on the 4:30 train from
San Francisco this evening and deliv
| ered a campaign speech to an enthusi
! asiic audience at Athletic Hall. His
arrival at the depot was greeted by the
firing of an artillery salute and
cheers for the "Little Giant." A com
mittee of Democrats, Populists and
! Silver Republicans was on hand to wel
come him and escort him to his quar
j ters at the Yosemite Hotel, where many
! of the war horses of the three parties
had gathered to grasp the hand of the
single taxer. After dinner the reception
was renewed in the hotel parlors.
The notes from the Madera brass
band were the signal later in the even
ing for the gathering of a crowd at the
hall where the speaking took place.
The audience was composed of all
classes and parties. Judge W. M. Con
ley acted as chairman of the meeting,
and introduced Judge Maguire.
Mr. Maguire was listened to atten
tively while he spoke at length on the
leading issues of the campaign. He
refrained from referring to his esteem
ed opponent, but arraigned General
Barnes as the ablest attorney of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and accused him of having written and
delivered the address containing the
keynote of the Republican party in
this campaign. He denied that the late
war was a Republican war — neither
was it Democratic, Populist nor Silver
Republican war, but an American war.
Aftt-r speaking briefly on the general
principles for which the fusion ticket
stands, he spoke at great length on the
Pacific Railroad question, much of
which was too deep for the audience.
He explained the reason for Demo
cratic opposition in Congress to the
war revenue measures, saying that
they were resisted only when they
were colored with partisan or special
rights, and that the war tax was an
unjust tax because three-fourths of the
burden fell to the lot of the poor man
and not to the rich, where It belonged.
The candidate spoke two -and a half
hours, at the close of which a general
handshaking was participated In by
those of the audience who desired to
meet the Judgp.
Valuable Horses Cremated.
SAN JOSK. Oct. ?..— The large barn with
stalls and sheds at the Agnew Stock
Farm on the Monterey road, a few miles
south of this city, was destroyed by fire
this forenoon. Seven valuable horses were
burned, together with 60 tons of hay. Loss
$8000, insurance $4(M. The i.re is supposed
to have been caused by tramps dropping
lighted matches or cigarettes.
Smith Scores a Knockout.
SCRANTON, Pa., Oct. 3.— "Mysterious"
Billy Smith, the world's champion welter
weight, administered to 'Jimmy" Judge,
the Scranton claimant, his first defeat to
night. Smith had the better of it from
the start, and delivered a knock-out chop
on the jaw Jußt fourteen seconds before
the gong would have sounded on the
twentieth and last round.
A LOGGING CAMP.
The summer logging camp ordinarily
Is not a picturesque place. It Is built
beside the railroad, in order that sup
plies need not be carried far by hand
or by "dray," and whatever beauty it
has is gained from its environment of
heavy forest. The various buildings,
<>r "shanties." as they are always
called, are clustered in a compact little
village. Nearest the railway — it may
be — is the "cook's shanty"; next it, per
haps, is the "men's shanty," or sleeping
quarters of the crew; near them, again,
is the office, where the camp accounts
are kept and where the foreman and
sealer sleep. The barn, or "hovel," is
at the end of the camp, with the gran
ary beside it. The blacksmith's shop
and the workbench of the "handy man"
are near by. The "root cellar," which Is
both pantry and cold storage room, is
built whore the cook and his assistants
have ready access to it.
The cook's shanty is the dining-room
aB well as kitchen, while the office is
also a storehouse, from which the tim
ber-jacks can obtain tobacco and such
principal articles of clothing as they
may need. All the chief buildings are
long and low, made of rough boards or
lops, and roofed with sheeting and tar
paper. The sleeping bunks in the men's
shanty are built along the sides of the
cabtn In a tier two deep; this shanty is
the loggers' rendezvous c-n cold even
ings, and in it the smell of strong to
bacco smoke constantly lingers. Such
is a summer logaring camp, and, rough
and crude as it may seem, it is no bad
homo for men toughened by hard out
door labor. — Lippincott's Magazine.
Eight churches have stood on the site
of St. Paul's Cathedral in London. Tho
first one was built in the year 223.
REDSKINS ARE
MOST DEFIANT
Trouble in Minnesota
Over an Arrest.
PRISONER SAVED BY BRAVES
TROOPS AND FEDERAL MAR
SHAL WILL TAKE « HAND.
Pillagers Continue to Hold War
Dances and a Hammer and
Tongs Fight Is
Predicted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON.Oct. 2.— The follow
ing telegram from Indian Agent Suth
erland at the scene of the threatened
trouble with the Indians in Minnesota
was received to-day at the Interior De
partment:
WALKER, Minn., Oct. I.— Upon further
investigation. I find the trouble with the
Indians was caused by a Deputy United
States Marshal arresting an Indian on a
warrant. He was overpowered by the In
dians and the prisoner was taken away
from him and the Indian police. Rescu
ers declare they will not be arrested. In
spector Tinker and myself doing all in
our power to induce them to surrender.
United States Marshal and troops are
here. SUTHERLAND.
This dispatch though dated Saturday
is the latest information about the af
fair in the possession of the Washing
ton authorities.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 3.— The Jour
nal's Walkerf Minn., special says: Ac
cording 1 to information from Indian
sources there will not be a representa
tive gathering of the Pillager Indians
at the council called to-day. The run
ners sent out to invite the malcontents
to the council have returned and report
that there would be some Pillagers in
the council, but that the men who have
agreed to come are by no means rep
resentative of the tribe. If th^ council
does not prove fairly representative,
the Federal officials will refuse to hold
it and will take measures for the im
mediate invasion of Bear Island.
The situation at the island is not im
proved. All last night the Indians were
dancing and holding high jinks. The
patience of the officers is exhausted,
and preparations are being made for a
hammer-and-tongs fight.
LUXURY IN SIBERTA.
The new Siberian train which was re
cently sent to St. Petersburg for the ap- j
proval of M Khllkow, Minister of Ways
and Communications, returned yesterday j
to Moscow, after being personally in
spected by the Czar. This is the second j
train specially built for the quick service j
on the Great Siberian Railway. It is.
says the Moscow correspondent of the I
Standard, an improvement on the first :
specially built train, which was a marvel
to Russians. The new train consists of !
five coaches, two for second class and \
one for first class passengers; the others i
are a dining and a baggage car. The
construction is of the newest design, and !
the train runs with great smoothness.
Besides the comforts of a bathroom, with
gymnastic apparatus, a library of books j
in several languages, a piano and selec- i
tlon of music, maps, guide books, albums
of views, an ice cellar, and an arrange
ment for boiling water in three minutes ;
by means of steam, which were found on |
the first train, the new one is fitted with ;
plates which indicate the next stopping !
station, and, if the stoppage be over five i
! minutes, also how long the train stops.
All the windows are protected from the
dust and wind by external plate-glass
guards; the last coach is arranged to \
serve as an "observation car," showing |
three views of the country traversed. A ;
stationary bicycle, with arrangements
for measuring "in minutes and kilometers j
the amount of work done; a barber, who I
is qualified to give medical assistance.
and a superintendent who speaks Rus- j
slan. French. German and English, are i
among the other conveniences to comfort j
of traveling now provided. The train will j
be lighted inside and out by electricity, I
and electric cigar lighters find a place In I
the dining car. A laboratory has been j
fitted in the second class car, so as to be |
vailable for the enthusiastic photo- i
grapher to change plates and develop in '
during the journey. Electric bells and J
portable electric reading lamps are in ■
each compartment. The kitchen is in- '
; tended to furnish a hot dinner for a max- ;
, imiim of sixty people. Papor and envel- j
I opes are to be supplied gratis at the buf
! fet. where hot find cold drinks of all
! kinds are to be had; there is no charge
for the barber, but two rubles is the
price for a bath, for which three hours'
I notice beforehand must be given.
NEWFOUNDLAND'S NEW STAMPS.
The Princess of Wales has had a sin
gular distinction paid her by England's
: oldest colony. On the first day of this
! month Newfoundland issued a new three
i cent stamp, which bears the effigy of her
i Royal Highness. Messrs. Whitfield, King
j & Co.. the well-known importers of
stamps, Ipswich, obligingly sent us a
specimen of it. The likeness is unmis
takable, and as it is the first time the
Princess of Wales has been portrayed on
a postage stamp, every collector in the
I British Empire must secure this addi
tion for his album. It is tho third of a
series of royal portraits to appear on the
stamps of Newfoundland. The first two,
the one cent stamp with her Majesty's
portrait, and the two cent stamp with
that of the Prince of Wales, were issued
in November last. The next wili be a
half-cent stamp with Prince Edward of
York, and about the end of this year or
the beginning of next a five cent stamp
will appear with the Duke of York's'
portraft. —London Chronicle.
Archdeacon Brady, chaplain of the
First Pennsylvania Regiment, now at
Camp Thomas, has in two cases mar
ried by letter soldiers in camp to their
sweethearts left at home. All the ques
tions were asked and answered by mail,
and the whole thing was legally done.
GENERAL GARCIA
GETS A NEW JOB
Employed by the Ameri
can Administration.
TO DISARM THE INSURGENTS
THE REBELS CAUSE DISORDERS
NEAR MANZANILLO.
Colonel Ray Sent Out With In
structions to Severely Punish
the Plunderers of
Plantations.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S,# by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Oct. 3.— 1
learn on good authority that General
Calixto Garcia has accepted a position
with the American administration, as
I predicted in my dispatches last Fri
day.
General Garcia is to receive $500 a
month and all expenses. He will act as
commissioner to go through the coun
try and conduct negotiations with the
Cuban army with a view to its dis
banding. He will start in a few days,
and will be gone on his trip three or
four weeks. He will be accompanied by
his son, Colonel Carlos Garcia, and by a
few of his officers. On his return he will
go to the United States with General
Wood to confer with the authorities in
Washington.
In consequence of serious disorders,
due to insurgents In the vicinity at
Manzanillo, General Lawton is dis
patching thither the steamer Reina de
Los Angeles, with one battalion of four
companies from the Third Immunes
under Colonel Ray. General Wood had
planned to sail with General Castillo
to-morrow on a mission of organization
to the coast towns, but now he will
probably go with Colonel Ray and the
First Battalion of Immunes, postponing
his trip along the coast. He, will make
an inquiry into the charges against Cu
bans and endeavor to relieve the deli
cate situation at Manzanillo.
Cubans, as I have already cabled,
have plundered sugar estates and have
committed such depredations that it be
came necessary for the planters to ap
peal to General Lawton for protection.
Colonel Ray's instructions are to deal
with the offenders with the utmost se
verity, putting down lawlessness with
a firm hand. He has full power to act
in a summary manner and to order that
the death penalty be meted out for
theft or attempted violence.
A PARADISE FOR WAITERS.
This question has just been decided ir
the affirmative by the higher court at Vi
enna, which not only confirmed the judg
ment of the lower court in a curious ac
tion referred to it, but also asserted the
right of a hotel servant to retain passen
gers' luggage in case a sufficient gratuity
is not forthcoming.
The suit, which proved again the 'law's
delay." arose out of a dispute, in August
Of 1896, between a gentleman who had
passed a considerable time at a summer
resort and a hotel porter. A Mr. D., who,
with his family, had stayed for thirty
eight days at the hotel, presented the ser
vant who brought the luggage to the sta
tion with a pourboire of b florins, about 10
shillings. This the man emphatically de
rlini-d to accept, demanding instead 10
florins. On the departing guest declining
to give that amount, the servant refused
to part with the visitor's luggage, which,
after a scuffle, he carried back to the ho
tel and deposited with the manager. Mr.
D. then brought, through the Public Pros
ecutor, a charge of extortion against the
servant, accompanied with threats and
injury to property.
The lower court acquitted the servant
on all the counts when the case was
brought before it in March, 1897. Then the
suit was carried to the higher court,
which confirmed the previous decision.
The charges of threats and injury to
property the court considered unproved,
and declared that the servant, who re
ceived no wages, was thrown for his sub
sistence upon the generosity of the visit
ors; that of this Mr. D. was aware; and
that personal service for thirty-eight
days, according to the local usage, at 10
kreuzers a day, amounted to at least 12
florins, to which the man had a legal
claim* and that he was quite within his
rights in retaining the luggage to secure
himself from pecuniary loss.
The custom of feeing everywhere and
everybody is so general in Austria that
the only "surprising part of the affair is
that any one had the courage to resist the
"local usage." Cabmen, conductors, ser
vants, porters, guards, waiters, all expect
gratuities as a right, and this tax is a
considerable drain on a small income in
Austria. The astonished foreigner soon
yields to the inevitable, and regularly
provides himself with a sufficient number
of small coins to ciury him serenely and
comfortably through the day, at the same
time inwardly regretting that Austrian
traditions do not allow all charges in
curred to be entered in the bill.— London
Telegraph.
DEPOPULATION IN FRANCE.
The returns of the census for Frarce
which was taken on March 29, 1897, have
now been published and compared with
the statistics of the previous census,
which was taken six years before — on the
12th of April, 1891. A year ago the number
of people in France was 35.228.969, and at
the 1831 census it was 38,065,150, so that in
the six years the population of France
had only increased by 133.819 persons. And
even this trifling increase is more appar
ent than real, for It has taken place en
tirely in the large towns, and is due to the
Influx of foreigners, such as Belgians and
Italians, who are to be found in increas
ing numbers among the urban populations
of France. In only twenty-four depart
ments is there any increase; in sixty-three
departments there is a positive falling off,
and this is more specially marked In the
rural communee. Even more than in Eng
land does the population flock from the
country to the town, and yet we arc-al
ways hearing of the perfect nature of the
French agrarian laws and of the advan
tages of small holdings. The fact is that
small holdings tend to keep down the
rural population, for the subdivision of
fields has now got to such a pitch that
any family at all often means starvation
to a man and wife. For years past the
French population has? only been kept
from showing an absolute decrease by the
influx of foreign workmen into the great
towns, and yet the French allow the folly
of the Colonial party to drag them into
ridiculous enterprises abroad for the
benefit of a few greedy officials and func
tionaries. A nation with a decreasing
population can never hold colonies, and
the French may rest assured that sooner
or later fheir colonies will go the way of
those possessed by the sister nation,
Spain. — London Globe.
PRIME MINISTERS OF THE CEN
TURY.
There have been nineteen Prime Min
isters of Britain in the present century.
Of these only two are now living — Lord
Salisbury, who is 68, and Lord Rose
bery, who is 51. Six Prime Ministers,
including Mr. Gladstone, have attained
80 years. Lord Sidmouth died at 87,
the' Duke of Wellington at 83, Earl Grey
and Lord Palrr.erston at 81, and Earl
Russell at 86. Four died in the 70s, the
Duke of Portland at 71, Lord Ripon at
77, Lord Aberdeen and Lord Beacons
field at 7C. Three in the 60s, Lord Gren
ville at 66, Sir Robert Peel at 62 and
Lord Derby at 69. Three in the 50b, Mr.
Percival at 58, Lord Liverpool at 58
and Mr. Canning at ">7; and one in the
40s, Mr. Pitt at 47.— London Tid Bits.
ELECTRICITY IN BUENOS AYRES.
There are in tne province of Buenos
Ayres 15 electric lleht stations, which are
equipped with 25 engines with a capacity
of 3120 horsepower, the capital represent
ed being $3,116,420.
SOCIAL SAN JOSE
GIVEN A SHOCK
Dr. Bennett and V/ife
Separate.
WEDDED BUT FOUR MONTHS
THEIR MARRIAGE CONSIDERED
AN ELOPEMENT.
Soon Find That They Cannot Agree,
and the Young Bride Returns
to the Home of Her
Mother.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 3.— Several months
ago San Jose society was shocked by
an announcement in the papers of the
marriage of Doris Cambers to Dr. A.
G. Bennett, both prominent young peo
ple. These same circles were asain
surprised this morning by an advertise
ment in a morning paper statins that
the doctor would not be responsible for
any debts incurred by his wife, as she
had left his bed and board. Dr. Ben
nett and his wife have been married
ony four months, and the separation,
coming so soon, is causing a great
amount of talk.
Dr. Bennett Is a very popular youns
man. He is a prominent worker in the
First M. E. Church and no small fac
tor in politics. His marriage to Miss
Cambers was rather sensational and in
the nature of an elopement. The young
dentist had been engaged to a Miss
Northup for several years, and their
approaching marriage was known to
every member of their church. When
he returned from a short trip to San
Francisco with Miss Cambers as his
bride the church members were
shocked. Bennett was ostracized, and
for a time his business was boycotted.
This situation was just being smoothed
over when the last surprise came.
Bennett's mother objected to his
marrying, and it is said, never received
her daughter-in-law as a loving mother
should. Besides, both young people
had minds of their own and disagreed
almost from the time of their marriage.
Estrangement soon sprang up which
culminated a few- days ago in the young
wife returning to her mother's home.
It is said the divorce court will now be
resorted to.
HARD TO GET MARRIED IN
FRANCE.
The Temps, which is not always seri
ous, has got two beautiful stories to
illustrate the difficulties of getting
married in France. A gentleman ar
rived with his bride-elect to undergo
the civil ceremony. "Where," asked
the official, "is the certificate of your
father's demise?" "My dear sir," re
plied the bridegroom, "there is my
father, alive and well." "But," re
torted the other, "your mother Is dead,
and she is returned in the lists as a
widow." The bridegroom explained
delicately that his mother had run
away from his father, and preferred to
give herself out for a widow. "But,"
he said, desperately, "my father is cer
tainly alive." "He has no right to b€.
Officially he is dead. I cannot marry
you without a certificate of his de
mise." Hard enough, one thinks. But
the other case is still harder. It hap
pened in Cayenne, where two convicts,
employed as servants by the Governor,
got leave to marry. They went to the
mairie, and the lady was asked if she
was a spinster or a widow. "Widow,"
she said. "Well," said the official, "but
I have not the certificate of your first
husband's death." "Really," said the
bride. "I thought it was not needed."
"Why, it is an indispensable docu
ment." The lady smiled, and referred
him to the record of her conviction.
"You will perceive, sir. that I was sen
tenced for life for having poisoned my
husband!" That would seem to be
sufficient, in all conscience. Yet, as
a matter of fact, their married happi
ness had to be postponed till the acte
de deces could arrive from Paris.— Pall
Mall Gazette.
NEW YORK'S DEAD.
The dead of London require an annual
waste of twenty-three acres of valuable
ground. If 400 corpses are crowded Into
the space of one acre, the limit in the
case of the most populated graveyards,
and if we accept the present rate of mor
tality 20 per 1000 inhabitants, as the
standard. New York, with a population
of 3, 800. 000, would have to provide room
for 70,000 corpses, and would require an
nually seventeen and a half acres to
bury them in. Unless the custom Is
changed the available room in the vi
cinity of all large cities will gradually be
absorbed by the remains of the dead.
In considering the welfare of individ
uals, the expenditure of one may benefit
another, but citizens should be treated
on equal terms. With the one exception
of Greenwood, all cemeteries used tn the
neighborhood of New York are either
poorly managed by churches or admin
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Absolute purity is the
chief ornament of this
fame-crowned beer.
VAL.BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
Sac Francisco.
'
Wiiif s Inflian Veptable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to curs
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINKSS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimple*
and purify the blood.
erne's Susie IS
With this remedy persona can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change In application v business. Th»
medicine contains nothing of the le;:st Injury
to the constitution. Ask your drujrsist tor it.
Trice, n a bottle.
istered for the benefit of a few fortunate
shareholders. The rural cemetery law,
as amended in IS7<>. allows them to divide
among themselves the net profits from
the stle of lots. Realizing about $20,000
for an acre which hardly cost $200, their
investments bring- large revenues and
art- esteemed valuable. By assuming the
of benevolent societies, owners
succeeded in evading payment of the
taxes which their less fortunate neigh
bors are obliged to pay. The trustees
Ire never called upon to make reports
to the State, and they sly. ut *»nty
information to their stockholders.— The
North American Review.
THE CUI3AN MACHETE.
Much has been said of the terrible ma
chete, a deadly weapon indeed in toe
hands of desperate men and when iised
against a defenseless person. The machete
was never intended for a weapon of war
fare; it is an instrument of husbandry
carried by the Cuban peasant in time of
peace and is his one familiar daily com
panion It cuts his firewood, aids him
in "building his hut, hews his path
through the maiugua, and performs
many other offices. The machete is a
straight heavy blade about two feet
long with a wooden or bone hand c.
having no guard; consequently it la 1 ut
terly unsuited as a weapon to.be used
in a conflict with an armed man. ih&
Cuban, of course, by reason of his lons
familiarity with the instrument, is _aii
adept in its use. and its effect upon a
group of unarmed workmen is truly ter
rible. It is in the foray against the de
fenseless and unarme.l that the most se
rious work of the machete has been done
in the island of .-The Century.
Thr-re is some tax*, of starting a daily
paper in Jerusalem.
UTAH DID If
Yes, HUDYAN is the true nerve-builder,
Many men and women are ready to testify
to that. HUDYAN did it. HUDYAN does
do. HUDYAN cures. Just as certain as
you are a foot high, so certain will HUDYAN
cure you.
HUDYAN cures Nervous Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Hysteria, Numbness, Tremb-
ling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in the
Shoulder, Pains Up and Down the Backbone.
HUDYAN cures Nervousness, Melancholia,
Nervous Debility, Exhausted Nerve Vitality. ;
HUDYAN cures Sleeplessness, Palpitation of
the Heart, Sick Headache, Indigestion, Loss •
of Appetite. HUDYAN cures. Call or
write for free circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
United States Branch,
STATEMENT
OF THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LONDON
ASSURANCE CORPORATION
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE 81ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions ■of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and . mortgages $28,000 90
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,964.755 00 "
Cash in company's office 2,546 93
Cash in banks 131,299 55
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans ' 5,889 59
Premiums In due course of collection 208,965 63
Bills receivable, not matured, taken i
for fire and marine risks 15,227 68
Due from other companies for rein-  .■
surance on losses already paid 224 01
Cash in hands of special agents 83 80
Total. assets 12,357,103 18 .
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 118,678 44
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 144.455 I 8I 8 •
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10.690 53
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less. $605.253 76;
reinsurance 50 per cent..... 304,141 if
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $878,-
705 47: reinsurance pro rata 456.44% 43 -
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual flre insurance policies 174 89
Gross premiums on marine tim»
risks: reinsurance 60 per cent 85,033 73
All other demands against the com-
pany 48,611 63
Total liabilities 11,011,109 IT
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fir*
premiums Y'l^"i 8891,880 69
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums V**i 862,443 81
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages .............. 1.260 09
Received for interest and" dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 76,194 13
Total Income $1,331,733 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $373,463 83*
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 268,236 55
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 190,669 51
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for of fleers; clerks, etc.... 101,538 14
Paid for State, national and local
taxes -. 81,735 17
All other payments and expenditures 91,029 74
Total expenditures .' $1,056,872 39
Fire. ,
Losses Incurred during the year $405,373 24.
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- • . „ .
ten during the year.... $128,779,063 $1,091,890 90
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 135,726,123 1.139,69173
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597 167,763,205 1,487.173 23'
Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount Of risks writ-
ten during the year $105,060,639 $436,169 48
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 103,703,658 423,409 70
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 3.243.437 33.033 75
CHARLES L. CASE, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January. ISfiS.
EMIL FRENKEL, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME ST., >
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager.GDDD PROSPECTS
AROUND ATLIN
Much Interest in the New
Placer Mines.
PAYING CLAIMS ARE FOUND
BRIGHT x'UTURE FOR MINERS IS
NOW PREDICTED.
Police Continue to Scour the Dalton
Trail for the Robbers Who
Held Up Irazer and
Tollner.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of Th« Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Sept. 25.— Interest
concerning the new placer diggings on
Lake Atlin still keeps at a lively heat
both in Skaguay and Juneau. William
p. is a placer miner of much ex
perience and a man in good standing
in Juneau. He has just returned from
Pine and other creeks. I have been
told that what Mr. Nelson says can
be relied on. He said to-day:
"The diggings are not a bonanza so I
far as I was able to see, but they are
good. The gold Is spread over a wide '
range, and there is a large area around i
the head of the lake that has not been
prospected. Reports of new strikes In
that region came down before I left, |
which was about a week ago. A good j
deal of prospecting will be done in that
section next summer, I guess. This
deposit seems to extend a little east
of north, in the direction of Dawson,
and it looks to me as though it might J
be a continuation of the Klondike de
posits. It ranges in the same gen- I
eral direction. I shall be away off in j
my expectations if a whole lot of good
prospects are not discovered next sum
mer. 1 have a claim or . two which
I am satisfied with, and will begin j
working them next spring. There are ;
the dry beds of quite a number of old .
streams, I do not know how many, !
which can be worked with hydraulics
at considerable profit I think. Seve
ral men packed dirt down from the
beds of the dry streams on their backs :
to the creek, sluiced it and made from
a half to an ounce per day. That is
what they told me. One of these, a
man named Atkinson from Skaguay, 1
got much better acquainted with. He
told me then that he made from one j
to two ounces per day. About the way
I size up the district at this time is
that ii is at least a poor man's dig
gings — that is, wages, half an ounce oi- i
better; but it would not surprise me i
to see it go much better than that. No
man can see into the ground. It won't
average less than wages; it may pan ;
out more. It is all summer diggings. |
I saw lots of coarse gold that had been I
taken out, and several good sized nug
gets of mixed gold and quartz. I saw
no quartz in the vicinity where 1 was
that looked very good."
Nelson says there will be a winter
camp at Atlin City and certainly a i
good sized camp or two there next
summer. He has sent men in to win
ter and whipsaw lumber with which to
make sluice boxes next spring.
Winter is beginning to set in. Some
snow has already fallen on the passes.
Fogs are descending, enveloping the
mountains, the water and the face of
the earth nowhere else so completely
as on the Alaskan coast. Soon after
ships will come in on their last trip
from the "westward," and there will
be no further word from Cooks Inlet
Orca, Valdex and Copper River till next
spring.
Miners on the Alsec River number
about one hundred. They Intend to
winter there.
Professor Jeorgeson, sent out by the
Agricultural Department at Washing
ton to prospect the agricultural re
sources of Alaska, is still over at Sitka
on the "westward." He is nicknamed
the "Government hayseed" up here.
Two tracts of land for experimental
purposes have been selected; one of 160
acres at Kodiak and the other eighty
acres at Kenai. I
Police continue to scour the Dalton !
trail for the robbers who held up A !
Frazer and A. L. T.,llner on the night j
of September 15, with revolvers and '
took from them $2400 which they had j
dug up in the Klondike and were tak- !
ing home to Seattle. No clew has been
found beyond tracks in the moss and
mud. Indian scouts have now been
sent out on the trail of the highway
men.
The report of the death of Ike "Mar
tin, a brother of Dave Martin, of Ju
neau, and an old partner of Jack Dal
ton. has not yet been confirmed. He
has been missed vlth about $4000 on
his person for several weeks, and as
he was an experienced man, even his
oldest friends fear they have seen the
last of Ike. Th- only conclusion ar
rived at Is that he may have been shot
for the money. Like Jack Dalton, he
was not a man to be robbed without
a struggle. Frazer and Tollner will
go home as soon as they can. Every
cent they had was taken from them.
The former had spent seven months
working and prospecting: around Daw
son, and Tollner thirteen months The
money was mostly hard-earned wagea
from the mines. ■
"COIN" IS CHOSEN
GENERAL MANAGER
Action Taken by the Committee on
Ways and Means of the
Bimetallists.
CHICAGO. Oct. 3.-The Hon. James K.
Jones of Arkansas, chairman of the Na
tional Democratic Committee, has ap
pointed ex-Governor W. J. Stone of Mis
souri, ex-Governor John P. Altgeld of
Illinois, Senator William V. Allen of >,>- i
braska and Senator Henry M. Teller of
Colorado to act in conjunt. .on with him
self as a committee on ways and means
This committee addressed the following
letter to William 11. Harvey ("Coin") of
Chicago:
Mr. W. H. Harvey, Chicago, lll.— Dear Sir:
The undersigned committee an ways and means
to further the cause of bimetallism and the
overthrow of corrupt Republican domination in
'his country tenders you the position of general
manager of its work. You will observe that the
committee represents not only the Democratic
Party, but the allied forces that are working
with it for the protection . of the republic and
free Institutions, and it is In a spirit of har
mony and true patriotism that we desire your
assistance
a , Jan VY» k. Jones. William J. Stone, John P.
Altßf-I.]. William V. Allen, Henry M. Teller.
Mr. Harvey has notified the committee
or niß acceptance of the position ana has
"P. en^. an "fflce in the Unity building in
t V»K«c.\, " has Riven up the editorship
nt . *£&, T> trlots> Bulletin, the official organ
of i,o*i at r lots of America, which or
ganjzatir,,, ,„. founded after the cam
£, hSrinti '• I 1I 1 ls understood that the
?™n£i?ri,i\ s "I V ne bulletin are to be
transferred to the New Time
' GOVERNOR SMITH BETTER.
The Man Who Shot Him Ib TXott a
Mental and Physical Wreck.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3.-The condition
of Governor Smit . of the Soldiers' Home
is very much improved to-day. H« will
recover unless eomethlng unforeseen oc
ours. He Is very comfortable, and has
been changed from one bed to another
without any apparent bad results.
A. J. Bradley, the Inmate of the Sol
diers' Home who shot Governor Smith
last Friday, la now very sfclc in the Coun
ty Jail here. He has suffered from a com
plication of chronic diseases, and is now,
since the shoottng, a physical and nearly
a mental wreck. He may not live to ue
tried for his crime.
WORK OF THE WAR
INVESTIGATING BOARD
As the Commission Now Stands Wit
nesses Cannot Be Compelled to
Take the Oath.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— To-day's ses
sion of the war Investigating committee
was devoted largely to the consideration
of the method of examining witnesses,
and in this connection the question of
administering oaths was discussed at
considerable length. The members gen
erally took the position that under a
strict construction the commission has no
authority to compel a witness to be
sworn by a member of the commission,
but there was a general opinion that the
witnesses would not raise technical ques
tions, and that they in all probability
would submit to be sworn without opposi
tion. It was decided, however, to inform
witnesses frankly of the status of the
board and to afford them an opportunity
to decline in case they so do ired. It was
suggested that the whole difficulty might
be avoided by getting the President to
appoint one of the officers of the board to
the office of notary public.
To Governor Beach was assigned the
task of leading in the examination of wit
nesses but there is an understanding that
the other members of the board shall ask
such duestiona aa they Mjrdgli*
The commission also received several
communications. . , ___
At the afternoon session of the com
mission several complaints were read in
™|ard to the method of transporting ,
mln from Santiago, the names of the ves
?e\s on which it was alleged that abuses
nad occurred being the Concha, the
Seneca the Breakwater, the Olivette and
the CUV of Washington. It was decided
to make a thorough Investigation of this
br^he h c"mn!]sV^ V i < iso decided to p^mit
the presence during the hearings of three
stenographer? as representatives of the
press in addition to the representatives of
the press associations.
COMBINATION 1)F
THE SHIPBUILDERS
Gigantic Project to Unite All the
Capital Interested in the
Industry.
CLJEVELAND, Oct. 3.— A prominent pa
per says: "One of the most gigantic pro
tor the combination of capital in
the history of the country is being nego
i tiated in this city. It is nothing less than
i an attempt to organize the warship-build
ing interests and the armor-plate and
gunmakinp Interests of the world into one
great syndicate whose factories shall be
located "near Cleveland. Men of interna
tional reputation in the financial and man
ufacturing world are in the deal.
"Among the Clevelanders who are in the
deal is said to be Colonel Myron T. Her
rlck president of the Society of Savings,
and Robert Wallace, president of the
and Shipbuilding Company. An
drew Carnegie is one of the chief men in
the negotiations. Robert Wallace is now
in the West with several of the foreigners
who visited Cleveland. Before he returns
he will stop at 3an Francisco and the
proprietors .of the Union Iron Works,
which built the battleship Oregon, will
be approached as to whether they will
come into the deal.
"Some time ago Murray A \ erner of
Pittsburg, a promoter who has engineered
many deals for Carnegie, was in Cleve
land" and took up the great project with
local men."
PITTSBURG, Oct. 3.— The gigantic com
bination of warship-building Interests, as
alleged to have been practically consum-
I at Cleveland, is pooh-poohed by
every one here supposed to be connected i
with" the scheme.
MISS CLEMMONS SUES
THE WORLD'S PUBLISHERS
Declares She Is in a Position to
Strike Back at Those Who
Hav-3 Persecuted Her.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Persistently
hounded year after year by enemies who
hav<- left no means neglected to humiliate,
misrepresent and annoy is the treatment
to which Miss Katherlne flemmons says
Bhe has been subjected, until at last she
has found herself in a position to strike
back. Miss Clemmons, through her at
torneys, Howe & Hummel, to-day caused
papers to be served against the Press
Publishing Company, publishers of the
World, placing her damages at $100,000,
for the publication of an article which she
considered to be of so libel oua and scan
dalous a character that it waa impossible
to permit it to pass unnoticed.
The article complained of stated that
Miss Clemmons was a ward of Colonel
William F. Cody, and had deserted him
in his illness and old age in order to go
on a yachting trip with a well-known
New Yorker, and later coupled her naxne
with that of Howard Gould. I,ater the
World alleged that she was indebted for
her theatrical education to Colonel Cody,
who had fallen desperately in love with
her and desired to marry her, and that
she had basely requited his generosity by
casting him aside while he was lying at
the point of death and going away on a
yachting trip with Mr. Gould.
FIFTY THOUSAND
IN YUKON GOLD
Steamship Discovery Arrives From
the North With a Few Lucky
Klondikers.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3. — The steam schooner
Discovery arrived at midnight from Alas
ka with 100 passengers and about $50,000
Xn gold dust. The treasure was ewned oy
a few men. A. Helweith is credited with
JIo.OOO, George McCord. $10,000. nd Dan
McDonald, a brother of Alexander Mc-
Donald, the mining king, is said to have
brought out $10,000.
FORD TALKS AT CHICO.
Butte County Republicans Turn Out
in -orce to Greet Him.
CHICO, Oct. 3.— The Republicans of
Chico turned out in full force this even
ing to receive Hon. T. L. Ford and D. E.
McKinlay. Headed by the Eighth Regi
ment band the procession marched
through the principal streets, and finally
ended at the Armory Hall, which was en
tirely filled. C. H. Hubbard acted as
president, with H. Miller, G. E. Vadney,
E. Meybem, J- Longfellew, J. E. Rodley,
E E Canfleld and B. F. Allen as vice
presidents of the evening. Mr. Hubbard
in a few appropriate remarks introduced
Mr. Ford, who was greeted with rousing
cheers. Mr. Ford made an eloquent and
forcible argument in behalf of Republican
doctrines.
DR. HILIi SUCCEEDS MOORE.
The Rochester Physician Is First
Assistant Secretary of State.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— The President
has appointed Dr. David J. Hill of Roch
ester as First Assistant Secretary of
State to succeed John Bassett Moore,
resigned. Dr. Hill is president of the
Rochester University, is a scholarly gen
tleman, and is particularly well known
through his knowledge of international
law. He has taken a promient part In
New York politics, and has delivered
many public addresses during recent
campaigns. He is now in Holland, but
is expected to return at once, having ac
cepted the position tendered.
Left a Small Estate.
REDDING. Oct. 3.— James B. Bailey
was found dead in Watson Gulch about
thirty-five miles from this city, to-day.
It was learned he possessed a bank ac
count of $2000 and promissory notes to the
amount of $1030, all of which he left by
will to a relative in France. Death was
from natural causes.
REDDING, Oct. 3.— The Coroner's jury
In the case of W. Boughen, the tramp
who was fatally shot by Albert Thomas,
returned a verdict of unjustifiable homi
cide. Thomas was arrested and is at
liberty under $1000 bonds to await examin
ation.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALIi, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
INSANE JEALOUSY
LEADS TO CRIME
Awful Deed of a De
mented Laborer.
MORTALLY WOUNDS HIS WIFE
SETS FI3E TO HIS CHILDREN'S
BED CLOTHING.
Then He Gashes His Throat With a
Razor and Falls Unconscious
While Once More Search
ing for His Victims.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 3.— One of the
most awful crimes that has shocked
this community since the Weber mur
der took place this morning near Brigh
ton Junction. An insane machinist
employed in the Union Iron Works, a
local foundry, shot his wife, drew his
razor across his throat and set fire to
his children's bed. The deed was the
result of insane jealousy of a wife who
was absolutely above suspicion, who
was a kind neighbor and Christian wo
man.
This morning, when Thomas Harri
son arose from his bed, he went down
stairs and nailed up every window and
door in the house, with the exception
of the front door, which he locked. He
neglected to take the key out of the
lock and it is to this that Mrs. Harri
son owes her escape from immediate
death.
After Harrison had in this manner,
as he thought, precluded all possibility
of escape, he went upstairs and spoke
to his wife. He accused her of infi
delity and she denied it. He dragged
her from the bed and threw her upon
the floor, where she began to struggle
with him.
As she was seemingly getting the
! better of him, Harrison drew a revol
ver and struck: her on the head with
it several times. She continued to
; struggle and he shot her. As she kept
on screaming and struggling he beat
; her and shot her again. Immediately
; after the last shot was fired the ter
.' rorized woman staggered to her feet
i and made her escape from the house.
Harrison, believing that his wife
! could not get out of the house, went
: into his children's bedroom with the ln
: tentlon of killing them, but they had
' been alarmed by their mother's cries
! and had escaped in their nightgowns
and fled to the protection of a neigh
■ bor.
Harrison, upon finding that his child
ren had escaped, set fire to their bed
and went down stairs to find them and
his wife. Finding the front door open
he returned up stairs, lay down qn his
bed and drew a razor across his throat.
No sooner had he done this than a de
sire seized him to find and finish kill
ing his wife. He arose to his feet with
the blood gushing from the ghastly
wound in his neck and went to the sit
ting-room. There weakness seems to
have overtaken him, for he lay for a
moment on the lounge.
Aft^r getting up from the lounge the
i would-be murderer and suicide stag
! gered out of the front door and found
I his way to the barn. He entered this
i and managed to get to a ladder lead
ing into the hay mow. Evidently be
lieving that his wife waa hiding in the
mow he climbed the ladder, leaving
marks of blood to the topmost round,
while in the hay at the mow hole Is a
great clot of blood, where his neck must
' have rested. Not finding his wife in the
: mow Harrison climbed down the ladder
i and managed get to a building back
of the house. It was here that he was
foun- by neighbors, breathing but un
conscious.
Harrison and his wife are resting
easily at the County Hospital to-night,
and It is thought both will recover.
THBEE MURDERERS TO
DIE DURING OCTOBEH
Miller, Clark and Searcy Transferee*
to the San Quentin Death
Cell.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Oct. 3.-Threo
condemned men, all sentenced to be
hanged this month, were placed in the
deuth chamber to-day. They are John
Miller, George \V. Clark and Louis J.
Searcy.
When the trio were notified that
they were to be removed Miller and Clark
visibly weakened, but Searcy tried the in
sanity dodge and laughed in simulated
glee. Handcuffed and escorted by sev
eral guards, the men were taken to the
death chamber, where they will be closely
watched to prevent any attempts at sui
cide.
Miller is the hunchback and cabinet
maker who murdered James Childs in
San Francisco in November. 1896. Clark
killed his brother at St. Helena on July
20 last, and Searcy murdered a man on
the Mojave desert. Searcy will be hanged
next Friday, October 7; Miller on the fol
lowing Friday, October 14, and. Clark a
week later, October 21.
CHATTERTON MAY WED AGAIN,
His Rumored Engagement to a Rich
Western Widow.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— There Is a ru
mor along the rialto that Signor Peru
gini, the singer, will be married to a rich
widow from the "West as soon as his suit
for divorce from Lillian Russell is set
tled.
COAST
DEFENSE
MONITORS
One to Be Constructed
by the Union Iron
Works at a Cost
of $875,000.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3. _
Henry Scott of the Union Iron
Works, San Francisco, cailed
upon Secretary Long to-day to
learn the decision of the depart
ment concerning the awards of
contracts for the four coast
defense monitors. The Secretary
has decided to award these con
tracts in accordance with the
lowest bids, namely, one monitor
to Lewis Nixon at $825,000, one to
the Newport News company at
$860,000, one to the Bath Iron
Works at $862,000, and one to the
Union Iron Works at $876,000.
RAIN AND SNOW
QUENCH FIRES
So the Worst Is Over in
Colorado.
INSECTS FLEE FROM FLAMES
MYRIADS HAVE FLOWN OVER
TO KANSAS.
Forest Rangers Are Now Battling to
Save Timber South of the
Yellowstone National
Park.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WICHITA, Kans., Oct. 3.—Sev
eral hours before sunset there
began to arrive here, flying low
over the city, an army of count
less nflllions of insects, compris
ing grasshoppers, wasps, bald
hornets, special varieties of but
terflies and numerous wild. bees.
They are drifting slowly with a
light breeze toward the south
east, the lowest flying wasps and
hornets clustering in great num
bers about the spires of the high
est buildings. The air v.as thick
with a smoky haze and the the
ory h< is that the haze and
accompanying insect visitation
are due to the forest fires now
raging in olorado, the insects,
it is supposed, being driven from
their haunts in advance of the
flames. The advance guard be
gan to arrive yesterday, but ow
ing to their comparatively small
numbers no attention was paid
to them until they were noticed
in myriads late this afternoon.
DENVER, Oct. 3.— Reports received
to-day from various points In the re
gions where forest fires have been
! spreading for a week or two past are to
the effect that the fires have been
checked in many places by snow and
rain. In the vicinity of Glenwood
j Springs they are almost extinguished.
Idaho Springs reports that the fires
j on the west slope of the divide are
i pretty nearly under control, and there
I is now not much danger of their reach
| ing the east slope. Hundreds of miles
! of fine timber have been laid waste in
the range of mountains to the west of
Middle Park, and some ranches have
been destroyed.
E. A. Julian, superintendent of the
I United States Fish Hatchery at Lead
■ ville, says that criminal carelessness
\ and inexcusable negligence on the part j
of campers are responsible for nine- j
tenths of the present forest fires. The
town of Kokorao is no longer endan
gered.
CHZ _ dNNE. Oct. 3.— Special Agent
Abbott of the Interior Department re
turned from Carbon County, where he
was engaged fur three weeks in fighting !
forest tires along the west side of Bald j
Mountain, the east and west sides of |
the Platte Valley, near Bennett, on the
head of Spring Creek, the forks of the
Encampment River and around Battle
Lake. From where he was working
Mr. Abbott statci the immense fires
around Hans Peak, Colo., could be
plainly seen. The Colorado fires are !
driving large numbers of deer and an
i telope north into Wyoming.
Word has been received that the big
forests of northern Uinta County, south
of the Yellowstone National Park, are
burning. These fires will be put out by
the forest rangers stationed in the
Government timber reserves of that
section.
BURNED IN THE
WOODS OF WISCONSIN
CUMBERLAND, Wis., Oct. 3.— The
bodies of a man and a boy were found
to-day in the woods between Almena
and Poskin Lake, burned beyond recog
nition. Several persons arc still miss
ing. Peter Ecklui 2, who was seriously
burned in the forest fires, was brought
to this city to-day in a critical condi
tion, and it is thou:.ht he cannot live.
A four-year-old daughter of Rudolph
I iller and the seven-year-old son of
Nels Swanson were found in the woods,
one and a half miles northeast of Al
mena, bo badly burned that they can
not recover.
lira. Frank Ht lnrichmeier at Poskin
Lake died this morning as a result of
frieht and exhaustion in fighting fires.
Relief rooms were opened here to
d:.;- and relief is being extended to
starving families.
The fire Is still roaring on one side
of this city, but tie greatest danger is
believed to be over.
Noar the town of Jihnstown. Polk
County, eight miles distant, heavy loss
of farm property is reported to-day,
and fires are still raging.
GIGANTIC FRAUDS IN
PAVING CONTRACTS
Mayor Van Wyck of New York Be
gins the Prosecution of Men
in the Ring.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Mayor Van
■Wyck made a statement to-day to the
effect that the Commissioners of Ac
counts had discovered gigantic frauds
!n the asphalt paving contracts. The
Mayor turned ver the papers in the
case to District Attorney Gardiner, who
will prosecute the men charged with
participating: in the frauds.
Thj Mayor's statement, based on a
report of the Commissioners of Ac
counts, ays in part:
"/-phalt contracts, the report says,
have been let a favored few by the
imposition of restrictions in the speci
fications which ;hose outside the as
phalt combine could not overcome. New
York has for three years paid about $1
more a square yard for asphaltum than
that paid by adjacent cities. The comb
ine, it is declared, has been controlled
by one company. That is the Trinidad
Asphalt Company, of which Amzi L
Barber is president, and from which
the other companies have to buy. This
asphalt was made the standard by the
Department of Public Works. Intend
ing bidders were, by the specifications
first compelled to build a plant that
would cost $30,000, but the clause was
enforced only at the will of the com
mlssiorors."
Presidential Appointments.
WASHINGTON. Oct. B.— The President
to-day made the following: appointments:
James E. Lee of Florida, Collector of
Internal He\ f enue for the northern di«
trict of Texas.
Lieutenant-Commander John A, Villa.
bury to be commander; Lieutenant-Com
mander William H. Reeder to be com
mander; Passed Assistant Engineer
Frank W. Bartlett to be chief engineer;
Acting: Gunner Aylea Joyce to be gun
ner.
PENITENTIARY NO PLACE
FOR YOUNG OFFENDERS
So the State Prison Directors Decide
in the Case of a Lad at
San Quentin.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Oct. B.—
Never was the awful mistake on the part
of the courts in sending youthful crim
inals to a State penitentiary better illus
trated than at the monthly meeting of
the Board of Prison Directors to-day,
when Chaplain Drahms personally ap
peared and begged that 17-year-old
Charles Kelly be transferred to the lone
Reform School. The boy is a cripple,
and is serving a sentence of seven years
for burglary committed in San Francisco.
"This lad is entirely too young to be
in San Quentin," declared the chaplain.
"I am convinced that he is good at heart,
and, if removed from the contaminating
Influences by which he is now surrounded
and placed where he can learn a trade,
will in time develop into a useful citi
zen. It is a shame that he was ever sent
here."
Warden Hale warmly seconded this
opinion, and the four members of the
board present. Director Devlin being the
absentee, were visibly affected by the ap-
I peal. It was decided that the Warden
j have Attorney General Fitzgerald pre-
I pare the necessary papers of transfer at
I once.
Alton H. Gould, the convict "trusty"
• who recently escaped and was captured,
i pleaded guilty and was deprived of sixty
; seven months' credits. Gould is suffering
from consumption, and his emaciated
; condition makes it doubtful if he will
serve more than a year of his time.
J. G. I^ystrom. the LO3 Angeles cm
i bezzler, and U. S. Osgood, the would-be
j murderer from Trinity County, were pa
roled. W. Magee's petition for a parole
will be granted in December if his con
duct continues good. "Billy" Miner, the
famous stage robber, asked to have re
stored the twenty years' credits taken
I away for having escaped and attempted
I to escape, and will receive an answer at
! the December meeting.
Warden Hale reported 3,039,000 bags on
hand available for sale, and enough jute
jto last until next May. The price has
been reduced to -J^ cents a bag. The bids
for jute were laid over indefinitely, as
several bidders appeared before the
I board ami said the scarcity of vessels
at Calcutta delayed shipments. They said
the price of jute had risen, but that it
was of a better quality than usual.
HENRY GEORGE WILL
NOT BE A CANDIDATE
Befuses to Run for Governor of New
York on the Ticket of Chicago
Platform Men.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Henry George has
declined the nomination for Governor
on the ticket placed In the field by the
Chicago platform Democrats, and the
commission having authority to fill the
| vacancies nominated Henry M. McDon
[ aid of the county of New York for the
place.
Mr. George In his letter says that by
pursuing uninterruptedly the duty of
writing his father's biography he can do
more for the principles of freedom than
by engaging actively in politics. Mr.
George continues:
"I should say in justice to myself and
those who honestly advance the silver
question to the rank of first importance,
that I am not any more than my father
was an advocate of free coinage. He
condemned its economic soundness, being
in fact a believer neither in gold nor
silvt r. but in credit of paper money. He
supported the Chicago platform not on
account of but in spite of its advocacy
of free silver, because he believed that
in other respects it stood for the princi
ples of freedom; because it took the side
of the weak as against that of monopo
lies; because it sided with the house of
Want against the house of Have. I am
in entire accord with those views, and I
think it proper to state them frankly,
that there may be no room for misunder-
Ing on the part of any one."
Henry M. McDonald, nominated in Mr.
George's stead. Is a lawyer of this city,
and was formerly a banker of Pierre,
S. D. He is president of the New York
Bimetallic Association.
LITTLE DAMAGE BY RAI3T.
Showers of the Past Few Days Have
Not Done Much Harm. *
WOODLAND, Oct. 3.— Heavy showers
on Sunday and Monday mornings have
increased the rainfall for the season to
.99 of an Inch. The only injury resulting
will he to shipping grapes.
NEWCASTLE, Oct. 3.— The rain of the
past few days will have the of
damaging some of the few table grapes
now upon the vines. The bulk of the crop
has already been shipped and the loss will
be light. Small lots of fruits which were
out drying will be injured, but, as in the
case of the grape crop, there is but little
loss. The season hus been a good one.
Crops have been excellent as to bulk and
quality, and the returns average the best
for several years. The pAiducers have
done well and have been able to pay oft
old obligations and cancel many mort
gages.
Seceding Cyclers Fined.
BALTIMORE. Oct. 3.— Albert Mott.
chairman of the racing board, L. A. W.,
has issued the following bulletin:
The fnllnwlnpr penalties are imposed for "ac
tions detrimental tq the racing interests of the
League of American Wheelmen" for the par
ticipation in unsanetloned races at Washing
ton, D. Cm and for failure to ride after entry
at sanctioned meets:
The P:i-k Bicycle Cluh track, near Washing
ton. D. C, is fined $1000 and suspended from
the F.-xnetinn privilege until It Is paid. Bald,
Cooper, McFarland, O. Stevens, Arthur Gardi
ner and Jay Eaton are fined $200 each and sus
pended until it iB paid. Major Taylor, Kimble,
Freeman and Fred Sims are fined $150 each and
suspended until It is paid. Earl Klser. A I
Brown, W. E. Beaker, Henry Terrlll, Otto
Maya and J. V. Walsh are fined $100 each and
suspended until It Is paid. Steenson, Moran
Throop and C. E. Gause are fined |25 each and
suspended until it is paid.
Attempts to End His Life.
STOCKTON, Oct. 3.— Edward Hefferan,
about 21 years of agre, well connect
ed in this city, attempted suicide this af
ternoon. He walked into Creamer &
Wright's gunstore and asked for a pistol.
Several were shown, and. after deciding
one one, he placed three cartridges in it
He then turned it toward his heart and
pulled the trigger. Hefferan's aim was
high, however, and the bullet lodged in
his shoulder. The surgeon says he will
live. When asked the cause he said he
had had too much trouble. He recently
held a position In Nolan's shoestore In
San Francisco.
Sought to Commit Murder.
WOODLAND, Oct. 3.— A quarrel be
tween William Keith and Ben Longress,
both colored, came near having a serious
termination on Sunday. Keith, armed
with a shotgun, called Longress out of
church. Friends of the two men kept
them apart and Keith was lodged In Jail.
He was under the influence of liquor.
Found Gold in Trinit-p-.
WOODLAND, Oct. 3.— Robert Moore and
wife and Al Gould have returned from
Trinity County, where each located a
mine. They sent some of the rock to San
Francisco and it assayed $175 to the ton
They think they have made extraordinary
strikes.
Two Race Horses Attached.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 3.— The racehorses
Scarborough and Harry Thoburn were at
tached to-day by James Touhey for $2300
claimed to be due him and John Mackey
for moneys advanced and a share of tne
earnings of the horses in various races
■*- —
CALirOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— E. A. Walcott of
San Francisco la at the Empire. A. Eloe
ser of San Francisco is at the Plaza
Livingstone Gilson, R. Bounlng, J. pp e t
tlt and Percy Jackson of San Francisco
have gone to Paris.
The fao-almlle y^ y/(V , T~ '*■ on ever 7 wrapper
signature of (&//&4&&k of C ASTORIA.
VOTE WILL BE
UNUSUALLY LARGE
Heavy Registration in
Los Angeles.
REPUBLICANS THE GAINERS
INCBEASE CONFINED TO THE
GAGE DISTRICTS.
Fusion Nominee for Governor Stead
ily Losing Ground in the
Counties South of
Tehachapi.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3.— The increase
in registration In this county is 6200.
The registration as taken in 1896 will
stand, and voters who were not on
that register have been given an op
portunity to enroll, and those who have
changed their residences have been en
rolled in the precincts into which they
have moved.
It is figured that a full vote will be
cast this year and that the vote of Los
Angeles County will be 31,000. This will
be phenomenal for any but a Presiden
tial year. Of these 31,000 votes, it is
figured, Gage will receive about 17,500
and Maguire about 13,500. This is the
minimum, calculation made on Gage's
vote.
The new registration will give the
Republicans a distinct advantage, as
it is largely confined to Republican dis
tricts in the city. Both Democrats and
Republicans are closely watching the
register and if frauds are or have been
perpetrated the parties to them will be
severely punished. The Republicans
have selected Charles Fleming, a bright
and able young man, to care for their
interests as far as registration frauds
are concerned. The estimate is that
the increased registration, after fraud
ulent registrations have been purged,
will increase the Republican vote of the
county 2500 and the Democratic vote
1000.
It Is believed the Social Labor party
will poll 600 votes in the county and
the Shanahan Populists about 600 more.
The Socialist Labor party candidate
for Governor comes from this county
and he is devoting a lar^e portion of
his time to speechmaking in this sec
tion, confining himself to semi-socialis
tic-anarchistic principles.
Gage is daily gaining strength and
It is difficult for the Populistic combine
to figure where Alaguire is making any
gains. ___________
CAMPAIGN WAGED
BY REFORM FORCES
Santa Clara County's Good Govern
ment Ireague Making a Strong
Fight.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 3.— The Republican
Good Government League has opened its
campaign, and just now its members are
carrying on the most systematic and
thorough ante-election fight ever intro
duced in Santa Clara County. A well at
tended meeting- was held in East San Jose
to-night, addresses being delivered by
Judge J. R. Lewis, E. A. Hayes and oth
ers. To-morrow night there will be a
meeting at Morgan Hill, and on Wednes
day evening one at Mayfield. All the
dates between now and the election have
been assigned to speakers. Every pre
cinct in the county will be thoroughly
canvassed and a meeting held in almost
every town.
This aggressive fight of the Good Gov
ernment League means the enrollment of
several thousand Republican and Demo
cratic voters in the interest of reform in
city and county government.
The Good Government League is mak
ing a strong fight for Gage and the rest
of the State ticket, but it refused to rec
ognize the county ticket nominated by
the convention that was elected by ballot
box stuffing under direction of Rea's lieu
tenants. In their canvass of the county
the league speakers make an appeal for
the State and legislative tickets, and are
doing good missionary work in the agri
cultural districts. Rea and his followers
are not making any fight for Gage and
other Republican nominees on the State
ticket because Rea's man Austin failed
to get the nomination for Secretary of
State. They have not yet held a single
ratification meeting In this city, and this
dilatory action on the part of the Rea
Republican central committee is causing
much adverse comment.
On Friday evening General Barnes will
deliver an address at the Auditorium.
WATERS AND HARRIS
TALK AT MONTERE '
Advance a. Logical Solution for the
Southern i?acinc Railway
Problem.
MONTEREY, Oct. 3.— The Republicans
of this city held a grand rally in Bagby's
Opera House to-night to welcome R. J.
Waters, candidate for Congress, and Will
A. Harris of Los Angeles, who had come
to speak to the citizens of this section on
the issues of the present campaigrn. The
stage of the opera house was elegantly
decorated with American flags and hand
some plants and over 'the center, where
hung a picture of Gage and Neff . was dis
played the word, "Welcome." The house
was packed with an enthusiastic audience,
many ladies being present as interested
listeners. Dr. A. Westfall, president of
the Thomas Flint Republican Club of
Monterey, acted as chairman, and mem
bers of the club, under whose auspices
the meeting was conducted, were seated
on the platform.
R. J. Waters was first introduced. He
spoke on the issues of the campaign as
viewed from the standpoint of Congres
sional work, closing his talk quickly to
give place to his colleague, W. A. Har-
ris.
Harris spoke for over an hour, touching
upon the Southern Pacific Railroad ques
tion, a partial solution of which already
has been found in the building: of the
San Joaquin Valley Railroad, and a com
plete solution of which rests with the
building of the Nicaragua canal. Much
patriotic fire and several idling anec
dotes aroused great entnuslasm. He said
Maguire had folded three political parties
to his bosom and was a Blngle taxer be
sides, and declared that "Maguire is no
more a Democrat, according to Jefferson
lan Democracy, than he is the angel Gab
riel."
The meeting closed with three rousing
cheers for Gape and the Republican party
and for the speakers of the evening.
DECLARED UNCONSTITUTIONAL
San Benito Judge's Buling on the
Registration Statute.
HOLLISTER, Oct. 3.— ln the case of
Matthews vs. County Clerk Fc-'o, Su
perior Judge Dooling granted a mandate
deciding- the provision of the statute clos
ing registration eighty-five days before
election unconstitutional.
Judge W. A. Ryan Dying.
LOS AKiiKLKS, Oct. 3.— w. A. Ryan, a
member of the State Building and Loan
Commission, is lying at the point of death
at the Sisters' Hospital in this city
Judge Ryan has for many years been a
sufferer from acute Btomach trouble. His
relatives in Illinois have been notified.
■ -ADVERTISEMENTS. '
111 health is a luxury that only —^
the rich can afford, and that no one can en-
joy. Every woman is not so situated that
she can be an interesting invalid, or rather,
an uninteresting invalid, for there never
was an interesting one.
The woman who suffers from weakness
and disease of the distinctly feminine or-
gans is certain to become an invalid. No
woman can suffer in -this way and be a
healthy, happy, amiable wife and a compe-
tent mother. Troubles of this nature sap
the strength, rack the nerves, paint lines
of suffering upon the face, destroy the temp-
er, make the once bright eyes dull and
the once active brain sluggish, and trans-
form a vivacious woman into a we ik, sickly
invalid.
The one sure, speedy, permanent cure
for all disorders of the distinctly feminine
nature is Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription.
It acts directly on the delicate and import-
ant organs concerned, and makes them
strong, healthy, vigorous and elastic. It
cures the internal ulceration and inflamma-
tion that give rise to a debilitating drain on
the system. It is the best medicine for
overworked, "run-down" women.
" About six years ago my wife became afflicted
with female weakness." writes the Rev. I. J.
Coppedge. of Elmo. Kaufman Co.. Texas. "She
could pot stand on her feet or get in any position
in which she did not suffer great pain. She
despaired of ever again being well. She took six
bottles of Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription and
has been well and happy for twelve months."
It is a druggist's business to give you, not
to tell you, what you want.
Twenty-one one-cent stamps cover the
mailing of a paper-covered copy of Doctor
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser.
Cloth-bound, 31 stamps. Send to Dr. R.V.
I Pierce. Buffalo, N. Y.
Don't make Schilling 's
Best taste like ordinary tea
by boiling- it like cabbage. 42 ,
Use f**%k
I Facial Soap f Facial Cream.
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap, Facial Cream. Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder make the grandest
1 toilet combination known for the skin. Send
20 cents for sample of each, sufficient for threw
weeks' use. JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 W 42d
St., N. V.. 163 State st., Chicago.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
. nrtp *■» Full Set of Teeth -
««&:Ol I ~j&t>> extracting free $sooup
*^ •3s*&££'€r- Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
4f~*jpV^3»- * Fillin g s -- - 25cts. up
* r _* = s S=BiK>^_ < & Open Evenings & Sunday*
E"^^PSsCig VAN VHOOM
/VMm\ Electro Dental Parlors
<£» IPN 'Sixth and Market
w Dr. G W. Klelser, Prop.
/7?TX SADIES DOYoom)i
£ J&*\ DR. FELIX LE BRUN'S '
W r *i Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
j 3 is the original and only FRENCH.
M l safe and reliable care on the mar-
jr "-vket. Price, $1.00; sent by mail.
£ ' -\ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Agents,
214 Kearny st.. San Francisco. . .
t^m^fr RUPTURE. *
V\&5X/^>-£*i& use no more iron
JSHgCgßgLrfSagp' Hocps or Steel Springs.
ff-~*£SKBKy~*'^ Rupture retained with easa
■^->TteVX. and comfort, and thousands radl-
H /JBL? cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
%^/\*y Magnetic Elastic Truss. (E7"Call at
T^g/SJr office orwrlte for New Pamphlet No. L,
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., ; j
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
.United States Branch.
STATEMENT
_ — OF THE—
I CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
_ — THE
. Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX LA CHAPELLE, ON THE SIST
\J day of December, A. D. 1537, and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
I Cash market value of all stocks and -
bonds owned by company $627,000 00
Cash in company's office 604 9$
! Cash In banks 145,429 87
I Interest due and accrued on all
i stocks and loans 1,375 00
! Premiums in due course of collection 34.454 27
1 Agents' balances 20.715 33
Total assets 1829.609 19
LIABILITIES.
I Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,608 93
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 19,924 37
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 4.686 74
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $350,523 47:
reinsurance 50 per cent 175,26173
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $97,285 71:
reinsurance pro rata ' 61.42113
All other demands against the com-
I pany 6.179 85
Total liabilities $273.080 60
. INCOME. • ,
Net cash actually received for flra
I premiums • $425,487 21
I Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 20,103 81
Total income $445,590 87
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
I eluding $15,768 57, losses of pre-
vious years) ....'. $110, 751 7*
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 86,213 51
' Paid ' for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks; etc.... 68.750 1]
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 3.519 61
AH other payments and expenditures 38,650 15
Jharges for officers, clerks, etc 68,750 U
Id for State, national and local
ixes 3.519 81
other payments and expenditures 38.650 15
Total expenditures $207 % 35 U
. . Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $125,24! 34
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of risks writ- . •
! ten during the year.... $11,914,462 $529.717 45
I Net amount of risks ex- .
j plred during the year.. 20.651,891 246,566 50
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597 55.295.399 , 447.809 It
SAM'L R. WEED.
Of Weed & Kennedy,
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
! day of January. 1898.
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public.
j PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
CESAR BERTHEAU,
MA.isr.A.a'Ejß,,
423 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
34
GAGE AND PATTON ADDRESS MANY VOTERS
BIG MASS MEETINGS AT
SARATOGA AND TEUTONIA
HALLS LAST EVENING
The Next Governor and the Kent Mayor Join With
Congresstnan-to-Be Julius Kahn and E. F.
Preston in Cheering Speeches.
The blare of brass and the flare of bon
fires last evening were ths outward evi
dences of one of the flrst of the district
mass meeting held by the Republicans
during the campaign. The rally was held
In Saratoga Hall, Geary street, near
Hyde, under the auspices of Continental
League and Thirty-ninth District Club,
and proved a marked success.
In addition to the gubernatorial candi
date, Henry T. Gage., and Charles L. Pat
ton, candidate for Mayor, many Republi
cans of prominence were present and dis
cussed the lasuea which now confront tho
people. Among the speakers were Julius
Kahn, candidate for Congress In the
Fourth District: Charles F. Curry, W. A.
Deane, Thomas Graham, A. B. Treadwell.
Oscar Lewis. Charles 8. Laumetster,
Leon E. Jones and E. F. Preston. The
latter was prevailed upon to speak with
out preparation, and fairly took the vast
assemblage of people off their feet with
his burning words of patriotism.
The Waterman sisters an-t Jabez Swan
rendered campaign songs set to the music
of popular airs and were recalled repeat
edly. Mr. Gage came late from another
meeting, under the escort ot the Phoenix
Republican Club, the members of which
were in full uniform and carried banners
and torches. At the conclusion of his
speech Mr. Gage went among the people
shaking hands and giving the affair the
appearance of a family gathering.
Charles F. Curry proved the humorist
of the occasion, his witty sallies being ap
preciated.
Frank D. "Worth, chairman of the meet
ing, in calling it to order, said:
"Ladies and Gentlemen and Fellow Citi
zens: In assuming the duties of presiding
officer I feel proud of the honor and of
the work accomplished by the Continental
League and the Thirty-ninth District
Club. Two years ago these organizations
acted well their parts In electing one of
the greatest Presidents this country has
* ever had— William McKlnley. It is not
necessary at this time to review the work
he has accomplished since assuming the
duties of his office. All citizens feel proud
oi" his leadership, and will undoubtedly
show their Indorsement of his work by
electing the Republican ticket by the
handsomest majority It has ever had. Mr.
Gage is addressing another meeting to
night and will make this his last stopping
place. He will then hold a family re
union or reception and will be glad to
meet you all and shake you by the hand.
I will now present the Waterman sisters,
who will render a number of songs which,
I am sure, you will appreciate."
In presenting Julius Kahn to the as- !
eemblage Mr. Worth said: "Six years ■
ago Republicans In the Tnlrty-nlnth Dis- i
trier, looking for an Assemblyman, elect- i
oil a. man of energy and ability, one whom j
we all loved, Julius Kahn. (Applause.)
Although he had strong opponents he was j
elected by a big majority. He had to
overcome a Democratic majority of
live hundred votes. Republicans have
now selected him as their candi
date for CongTesa In th» Fourth Dis
trict and hope to repeat the victory of the
campaign of six years ago. Ladies and
gentlemen, Sir. Kahn."
Mr. Kahn was accorded an ovation, j
being cheered repeatedly. He said: "Mr.
Chairman, ladies and gentlemen and
friends (for I feel I am among friends this
evening)— This is a happy moment for me.
It was from the platform of this hall that
I made my maiden speech six years ago
and launched my bark on the sea of poli
tics. I hope my friends have never re
gretted the part they played at that time.
If they continue to do battle for me we
•will carry the district for the Republican
party by a large majority. If evt-r there
■was a time in the history of this State
■when California should be found in the
Republican column this is the time.
The election of a Republican Congress
man means the indorsement of President
McKinley and his grand administration.
"Why should we not indorse his adminis
tration when the men of all parties admit
him to be a man of the hour? He has
made no mistake In the critical times
through which this country has Just
passed, and the people owe it to him that
we stand by him now. There is no part
of the United States so vitally affected
by the struggle we have gone through as
California. We have annexed Hawaii, and
the forthcoming months may witness the
acquisition of the Philippines. We want
the commerce of these islands to come to
Califprnia — to come to San Francisco. If
•we elect a Congressman in touch with the
present administration we can accomplish
great results. Reports of last year show
tho imports from the Philippine Islands
amounted to $4,000,000. What do we sell
them? Goods only to the value of $162,000.
England sells them $3,000,000; Germany,
$800,000; France, $700,000. and the United
States, as I said before, a paltry $162,000.
Now we propose to alter that condition.
We want to exchange goods to the value
of $4,000,000 for what we get from them.
Wf> can do so if you will but lend your
efforts to elect a Republican Congress
man from this district. We want a cable
across the broad Pacific to the Hawaiian
Islands. We want It soon and we want
It to start from San Francisco. To se
cure these essentials you must elect men
In touch with the administration; men
who arc Republicans and who stand with
the administration on every measure for
the advancement of the people's interest.
"I am a Callfornian, anil I seek Call
nia's prosperity and greatness. She can
only be great and prosperous when her
men are all employed. The Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association Is doing
a good work in trying to get the goods
isscd on this coast pun liased here. Some
times contracts are so drawn as to ex
clude California products. Whether this
Is due to accident or design it Is wrong to
this £>tate, as every dollar spent here
helps to build up the Pacific Coast. This
is really the great Republican doctrine
of protection; It is the men who spend
money her© who develop the State and
Its resources. ,
"The acquisition of the Philippines will
mean development of our ship-building
. Interests. We want ihese islands to re
ceive the goods which are sent from Amer
ica in American ships. We have facilities
for all this. We have built on this coast
the most remarkable battle-ship that ever
Bailed the ocean. I allude to the Oregon.
(Great applause). Our mechanics will
have many more chances to reproduce
this modern fighting machine. Mr. Scott
has just returned from the East, bring
ing with him a number of Government
contracts. The fulfilling of these will
give employment to thousands of men for
■ come time to come.
"If elected to the office to which I as
pire, my voice and vote will always go
toward aiding my native State in secur
ing more contracts. The time has come
when this country must have a navy sec
ond to none, and I will also vote to main
tain a standing army of 100,000 men. I be
lieve In the principles set down by the
immortal Lincoln, that 'In time of peace
prepare for war.'
"I wish to say a word In favor of our
candidate for Governor. Henry T. Gage.
(Applause). The election of Mr. Maguire
would be a grave mistake. We need cap
ital to develop the State. If Maguire is
elected, capital will not be invested,
especially as he is a man who believes in
single tax."
In closing Mr. Kahn said: "Another
distinguished gentleman is to follow me
and I will not take more of your time."
The audience laughed at his "another dis
tinguished gentleman " and he said,
"After so many good things have been
said about mo I have come to believe
them myself, which has led me Into this
slight mistake. (Applause).
E. F. Preston said In part: "I came
here to-night, without being invited, to
hear the Republican spell binders tell us
of the good old principles of the Republi
can party. I have no notes and made no
preparation. It was my intention to re
main in the background, but I was in
vited to occupy a place on the stage. I
really don't know whether my hair Is
combed. As I said I made no preparation
to speak, but it needs no preparation in
these times to make a Republican speech.
I am an American. I am next a Califor
nian, although I am not a native son. I
came before many native sons and before
many of them were expected. People are
apt to look upon the campaign for Gov
ernor as aji off year in politics. This Is
not a correct view to take. There are
national Issues of great moment to be
considered. The election of a Republi
can Congressman is one ot them. The
country would not have been In debt
when President McKinley assume^ office
had Cleveland not been aided by a Dem
ocratic House. The Democratic party is
a party of Isms. When you want history
go to the Republican party; when you
want objections go to the Democrats.
"The war has made American peoole
one people. The men who crossed to Cuba
and fought desperately at El Caney and
Santiago knew no North, no South. They
were Americans under the American flag.
To-night the world knows it is best to
be aware of America when she is aroused.
"I thought Mr. Bryan's free silver party
was det-ply buried, but Maguire digs it up
by indorsing the platform of the free sil
ver Republicans. Maguire poses as the
only anti-monopolist on the coast. I
thought many Republicans', voted against
the funding bill. The solution of the rail
road Question is not to be brought about
by speeches. I thought the great anti
monopolists were the men who spent
their money on rails and cars, to build a
competing railroad down through the Ban
Joaquin Valley. These men are with Gage
to the finish. They are behind him because
they know he is honest, and there are no
strings or. him and no promises to keep
to the railroad people. It was my privilege
to urge before the convention in Sacra
mento his claims as an honest, fearless
Californian man. The American people
want fair play and a fair field, and that is
all we ask for Mr. Gage."
Chairman Worth in introducing Charles
L. Putton remarked that some time since
the Democrats were saying the Repub
licans had no man who could run against
their representative. Now they say the
Democrats have put up a man who will
be hard to beat. He then presented Mr.
Patton as the next Mayor. The latter
said:
"Ladies and gentlemen, I will not go so
far as the chairman a/id say that I will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
b© the next Mayor. I will say, however,
that If It lies in my power and In the
power of my friends, I will take my plaoe
In that office on the flrst day of next Jan
uary. I am no millionaire, but come be
fore you as a man of the people and ask
for your votes. At the last convention I
Insisted that the Republican party should
support the new charter adopted by this
city. Nobody dare say we cannot have it,
and every Senator and Assemblyman must
favor it. I wil do all in my, power to
have It adopted.
"I believe In the dollar limit and If the
Republican Board of Supervisors Is
elected you will not have to pay more.
The platform stands for public ownership
of utilities. I pay $2 30 a month here for
water that -would cost but $9 a year in
Philadelphia. We pay interest to Spring
Valley on stock and land it does not use.
I will pledge myself to endeavor to stop
it. I come before you having made no
pledge to man or corporation/ except to
the people of this city. If I have any
patronage to dispense you need only
come to me and not go to any political
boss. When the Legislature of this great
State approves the new charter of this
City, see to it that Henry T. Gage signs
the bill." Mr. Gage spoke briefly saying:
"Ladies and gentlemen: At this late
hour and after all the Republican senti
ments you have heard. I feel sure that
you do not expect to hear me speak upon
the issues of the campaign. I feel deeply
the kind reception you have accorded me
and cannot refrain from thanking you for
the demonstration. I feel, however, that
It Is not personal to me, but that it Is
given solely for the party which I repre
sent and for its principles. 1 feel at this
moment somewhat as a countrywoman of
mine did on© time. She had engaged In
SPEAKERS AT LAST NIGHT'S
REPUBLICAN RALLY.
numerous contests with her worst half, !
meeting with varying success, sometimes
being the victor and sometimes the loser. |
On the occasion which I have in mind
she was particularly anxious to prove sue- j
cessful as many neighbors were witnesses : ,
of the conflict. So she prayed: 'O! Lord,
you know I am not one of those always
dinging at you for favors; if you come
to my assistance this time I'll never pray j
to you for a favor again.'
"This is the position in which I appear >
before you as a candidate. I have never |
received a salary in all my life from an j
elective office. I hope to soon through i
your assistance. If I do I will achieve the
sole ambitipn of my life, that of being
Governor of this glorious State of Cali
fornia. I have often in the years that have
passed expressed- the sentiment that I
would rather be the Governor of this
State than President of the United States.
If elected I promise that I will so dis
charge the duties of my office that you
will feel I have never been dominated by
any man or any corporation. I will ad
minister the office honestly, bravely,
economically and in a businesslike man
ner. I will always strive to serve my
fellow-beings on lines of equal rights and
Justice to all."
Following is the list of gentlemen who
acted aB vice-presidents of the evening:
Asa R. Wells, I. J. Truman. William
Conklln, T. H. McCarthy, William Mc-
Kenzie, William T. Kibbler, D. L. Reyn
olds, Dawsun Mayer, A. A. Loudarback,
W. 11. Towers, A. M. Cox, George F. Rob
erts, John E. Quinn. Frank Hanlon, J. P,
Frenna, A. Simon. J. Afeld, M. H. Shep
ard, L. E. Price, John D. Kiebe, X. liibo,
M. H. Smith, Charles S. Laurneister. Wil
liam Fitzgerald, Lowell Howe, Thomas F.
McGee, Hugh Fraser, Wlllliim J. Herrin,
Amos Curlier, Charles S. TUton, Henry P.
Sonntag. Julius Morris, Charles F. lirelden
stein, James R. Martin, Santord Plummer,
William Presley, Charles J. King, Meyer
Jacobs, George \V. Lewis, Oliver Olsen, W.
W. Alien, H. 6. Mtllzner, H. H. Adams,
William A. Deane, EnUie Bauer, M. M.
Barnet, Henry S. Martin. A. P. Bergerot,
E. Cohrn, D. J. Murphy, Judge Carroll
Cook. H. G. W. Dinkelsplel. John T. Dare,
E. I. Sheehan, George w. Dixon, E. Dan
forth, D. L. Farnsworth, J. A. Foster, Al
Berthler. D. M. Burns. B. P. Flint. H. C.
Firebaugh, J. A. ] irinkli .use, H. N. Gray,
8. J. Hendy, W. J. Hawkins, R. F. Gray,
L. L. Dobbs, Edward Holland, L. L. Dotr,
G. T. Shaw, D. L. Svanson, S. C. Switzer.
G. F. Schwarts, M. B. Woodworth, H. B.
Gray, H. W. Mathews, C. J. Wilder. G. J.
Strong, E. M. Ayers. George S. Graham.
B. L. McKinley, E. D. £. Souther, Joseph
Proctor, K. Bowerman, M. Buehm, Philip
Hessler, G. S. Patton. D. M. Skillen, Gus
Hartman, Judge George H. Hahrs, J. C.
Campbell, George H. Stone, John C. Lynch,
William Gllchrist, Thomas H. Burnß, John
Berg, William Holland, Edward Peabody,
Charles W. Conlisk, Ixmis Piank, J. W.
Perry. Daniel A. Ryan, E. B. Cutler,
Charles H. Hubbs, Julius Calmann, D. C. B.
McCarthy, Max Newberry, William Cald
well, Thomas Bates. A. J. Morgenstern,
Fred Fry, John J. Sullivan, Oscar Tolle,
A. Walrath, M. A. Dorn. A. L. Hart, J. C.
Daly. P. L. Archibald. F. F. Weed, D. W.
Weit, T. B. Cockrill, George Bushnell. J.
F. Lindetrom, E. G. Knapp, Herman Ho
fen, H. L. Curtis, A. L. Stone, D. English,
J. w. Benchley, Louie Levin, Harvey Bur-
dell. Samuel Hartman, O. B. Tourtellot; J.
O. Tyrrell. Claus Tiedemann, Thomas Mll
lard, Frank Elliott, W. H. Donovan, A.
Sichel. T. W. Brennan, S. I. Jacobs,
Charles Russlnger. F. H. Hill, Thomas
Fleming, Gus Mingst, L. C. Louderhack,
Charles Jost, William R. Jost. J. Shaen,
J. H. Speck, H. V. P. ; Demlng, Dorsen
Nicholas. Charles Helnecke, August Stoltz,
J. B. Solomon, T. B. Upton, A. P. _\ an
Dußer, A. A. Watson, J. C. B. Hebbard. J.
A. Hosmer, H. H. Hart. I. W. Hell
man P. Hammond, Ed .L. Head,
Judge J. Hunt. Charles P. Le Breton.
Oscar Lewis, George B. Morse. Harry
Falk, H. J. Rlgglna, D. Bosenthal, S. M.
Rosenthal, William D. Keystone, Vt. C.
Johnson, A. Davidson. B. Muller, Wl Mam
E. I*etson. R. L. Hasselttae, Ed Holland,
John Lackmann, Howard Black, Da™
Louderback. James M. Troott, A. B. Tread
well. Charles A. Low. J. E. Barry. C. C.
Groezinger, Slg. M. Bettman, Leon Den
nery, J. C. Boobar, W. H. Rlckards, H.
C. Dibble, William duff, A. D. Cutler. J.
L«vl, M. R. Dundaa, A. W. Starblrd,
Samuel Foster. E. J. Cote, H. L. Tlchnor.
Thomas H. Browne, Simon Neuman, W. T.
Galloway. J. H. Gllmore, C. L. P. Marvals,
Z. U. Dodge. P. D. Coda, .William Wallace,
Mark Lane, B. N. Rowley, S. M. Smith, H.
G. Prince, J. F. ■ Plnkham, M. F. Taylor,
Thomas Letson.
A HEARTY GREETING.
It Is Given to Gage at Teutonia
Hall.
There was a large and enthusiastic
gathering of citizens last evening at Teu
tonia Hall on Howard street, near Ninth,
to welcome Henry T. Gage and other
standard bearers of the Republican party.
In preparation for the event the hall had
been artistically decorated. Hyman's band
furnished the music, assisted by the Sam
Booth Glee Club.
The audience was a representative on«
of the Thirty-first Assembly District be
ing comprised largely of artisans and la
boring men. with a fair sprinkling of
women. The best of order prevailed
throughout the meeting, except upon one
or two occasions when an old man of
Democratic proclivities, with an empty
bottle in his pocket, Insisted on Interrupt
ing the speakers and would not be quiet
ed. The audience finally drowned him out
in good natured applause and allowed him
to remain on the theory that there was a
spark of good in the man, inasmuch as
he^ was willing to come under the regene
rating influences of a Republican meet-
| ing.
Mr. J. F. McGlynn, chairman of the
I Thirty-first Assembly District Republican
I Club, Introduced A. Branch as chairman
! of the meeting in a few appropriate re
marks. The Bam Booth Glee Club then
entertained the audience with a song,
! while the Phoenix Republican Club, at
j tired In Its natty blue and white uniforms,
I was marching into the hall.
A few moments later the next Governor
of California walked swiftly down
through the side aisle to the stage and
was gTeeted with a deafening outburst
cf applause. After order had been re
stored, Chairman Branch introduced Mi\
Gage, who spoke as follows:
"It is not my purpose to address you on
political questions. I have the more de
lightful purpose In view of making the
acquaintance of the persons comprising
this audience. I wish to know you per
sonally. It has been told me that my dis
tinguished opponent claims the right to
triumph over me In this particular dis
trict because he was once a blacksmith.
I honor any man who labors honestly In
any walk in life, whether it be as Presi
dent of the United States or as a Supreme
Justice, or as a sweeper of the streets.
The latter Is just as good as the Presi
dent, if he does his duty faithfully. From
this expression you can know that I
sympathize with labor. My opponent may
have been a blacksmith, but I pause to
remurk that he doesn't pound Iron Just
now. While he was a blacksmith I was
a driver of a wagon team on the Western
plain and heard the crack of the Indian
rifle. But because T. have gone through
terrible trials, or the other man has lab
ored faithfully, that constitutes no rea
son why either of us should be elected
Governor.
I represent an idea. The Democratic
fusion candidate stands for a confusion
of Ideas. If you believe that the fuslon
lst following, with divergent views and
horrible platforms, ought to be trium
phant in the coming election then I ad
vise you to cast your votes with that fol
lowing. But if you believe in the Repub
lican party, then I think that I am en
titled to your consideration.
"If I am elected Governor of this State
I will not be dominated by any corpora
tion, any individual or any', aing except
a solemn purpose to do my duty. The Re
publicans have chosen good State and
municipal tickets, and I have no doubt
that success will be the result."
Chairman Branch then Introduced
Charles F. Curry, candidate for Secre
tary of State, who called the attention
of his auditors to the fact that h© lived
In the district when he first came Into
political office in thlß city as County
Clerk. He referred to his past record in
putting 2000 men to work, and in other
ways assisting the laboring classes. Then,
turning his attention to the candidates
for Congress in the district, he said:
"We have in the present contest a man
named Kahn as our candidate. Do you
think that any railroad interest would
want Kahn? Hardly. As for his oppo
nent, all that can be said of him is that
he is a human centiped with one thou
sand legs and a sting in the end of each
leg. You never know where to look for
him.
"Before I close I wish to make a few
remarks about Mayor Phelan. He spent
the best part of four years trying to
prove that I was unfaithful in the office
of County Clerk. It might be noticed
that his efforts came to grief. Possibly
some one would be Interested in knowing
how this same Mayor, this apostle of re
form, happened to go into the County
Clerk's office and declare that his father's
estate was worth a certain figure and
then straightway go to the Assessor's
office and swear that it wa,s only worth
one-third of that sum. The worst Re
publican on the ticket nominated is bet
ter than the best Democrat ever put up
for office, and I confidently believe that
the people will so decide in November."
William Deane, candidate for County
Clerk, followed In a brief address stating
that he was confident of support south
of Market street, inasmuch as this por
tion of the city had bean his residence for
years, and he was well acquainted with
all of the people.
Julius Kahn, candidate for Congress,
paid a glowing tribute to President Mc-
Klnley, and said that the proper policy
for the people of San Francisco to follow
was to elect Republican Congressmen so
that the administration could be success
fully approached and favors secured for
the Pacific Slope. If work on the new
Postofflce building cnuld be commenced
through the active efforts of Republican
Congressmen the sum of $5,000,000 would
be paid out by the Government in San
Francisco, greatly to the benefit of the
laboring classes. Many Idle men would
be given employment and the whole com
munity, therefore, benefited.
Short speeches followed by George Cald
well, Thomas E. Brophy, candidate for
Assemblyman; Thomas F. Graham, can
didate for Police Judge; Supervisor-to-be
Collins and Tax Collector-to-be Sheehan.
The candidate for Mayor on the Repub
lican ticket, Charles L. Patton, was also
a speaker. Among other things, he said:
"This city can be run on a $1 tax levy,
if its affairs are conducted on a business
like basis, and I pledge myself to have
It done, in cas*>. I am elected Mayor, if
any effort of mine can be sufficient. The
water works and the gas works should
be owned by the city, and I shall favor
the acquisition of plants. There is no
bosß and no corporation that has any
string on me, and I shall be free from
all entanglements."
INDEPENDENT CLUB.
A New Organization Formed Irre-
spective of Party Affiliation.
A number of citizens irrespective of
party affllations met last night in the
Parrott building and formed themselves
into the "Independent Club of California."
The object of the organization is to give
the voters of the city an opportunity to
see and hear the numerous candidates
for State and municipal offices. Metro
politan Temple has been engaged by the
club and comencing next week the mem
bers intend to arrange a series of meet-
Ings at which the various candidates will
be asked to appear and discuss the Issues
of the day.
The. following officers were elected:
President. Charles A. Reynolds: secretary,
Robert Rusch. Committee on permanent or
ganization and order of business— Francis Bell.
J J. Groom, J. A. Robinson, Colonel Paul
Edwards. Robert Rusch.
Committee on hall and music— .T. Towzer, B.
T. Brady, H. B. Jennings, H. F. Sheena.i,
James J. Wren.
Finance committee— lsaac Grant. Prank W.
Mar:<tun, "r. W. B. Sevan, O. S. Graham and
Henry Arnold. • _ _
Committee of arrangements— Porter U Bliss
R M Collins, W. A. Lewis. A. L. Holder and
F. J. Klatzel.
Committee on printing— W. H. Eastman. T.
F. McGee and Joseph Sweetman.
The club adopted the following::
Whereas. Experience has shown us that in
municipal affairs individuals and not politi
cal affiliations are to he considered, and.
whereas, It Is desired by all good citizens that
the city and county of San Francisco shall he
governed by honest, efficient and upright men,
and whereas, both Republican ana Demo
crat';'- parties have recognized this fact in the
united support of Hon. John Lackmann. now,
therefore, we the undersigned, for purposes
hereinbefore mentioned form ourselves into an
organization to be known as the Independent
Club of California.
This declaration is signed by over 100
men of different political faiths. Another
meeting will be held to-morrow night in
one of the police courts. Arrangements
will then be completed for the first pub
lic meeting, which will be known as "Con
gress *"* S^-"^^^___^_
ATTITUDE OF LIBERALS.
Dr. J. L. York Advises All Populists
to Vote the Republican Ticket.
Dr. J. L. York, the noted liberal orator,
addressed a large and enthusiastic audi
ence at Scottish Hall Sunday evening,
upon "Liberalism and Politics." Dr. York
has been a prominent advocate of Popu
list principles for a number of years, but
prior to the adoption of those views he
was a staunch Republican and was sent
to the Legislature by that party. Speak
ing of the present political situation, the
doctor said:
"Populism is nearly dead. The Demo
crats have swallowed It. There Is but one
course for honest liberals and middle-of
the-road Populists. They must either not
vote at all or cast their ballots for the
Darty whose patriotism and statesman
ship have saved the country in the past,
and carried it safely through the perils
of war to an honorable and well-earned
peace Ido not believe in boosting into
power the Democrats of, this country. It
will take a long time to make a staunch
old Republican fuse with a Democrat. J
hope the old flag will wave right on over
every foot of acquired bpanish soil. No
man should be elected Mayor of this city,
with the appointing power the new char
ter confers upon that office, who will
draw every Democratic vote. No man
should be elected Governor of this State
who will draw every Democratic vote.
The spirit of Republicanism is not dead,
and I have faith that it will save our
country in the future as It has in the
past, with bullets in time of war, and
ballots In time of peace."
Dr. York will continue these meetings
every Sunday evening during the month,
under the auspices ot "The Sunday Plat
form Association." during which time the
political issues will be freely discussed.
The cheers and applause which greeted
the speaker spoke sentiments of the lib
eral element of this city, whose votes
will be cast for Republican candidates In
November.
SDelllns: Still in the Fight.
The hearing of the mandamus proceed
ings begun in the Supreme Court by T.
Carl Spelling to compel Secretary of State
Brown to place his name on the State
ticket as the regular Democratic nom
inee for Congress in the Fourth District
was postponed yesterday, owing to the
fact that Spelling had not been served
with a copy of the answer. The answer
was served on Spelling later in the day
and he expects to be able to proceed with
the hearing either to-day or Wednesday.
Spelling claims that he has the Demo
cratic nomination and that he is entitled
to the place on the ticket instead of James
H. Barry, the Populist-Democratic nom
inee.
Laguna Club Meeting,
The Laguna Democratic Club held a
well attended meeting at Schmidt's Hall,
corner of Fell and Franklin streets, last
evening. The speakers of the evening
were John P. Dunn, William Craig. Wil
liam Hinton, William F. White, Frank
Murasky, Charles Holcomb and Robert
L. Mann. The officers of the club are:
John Hayes, president; George Botcher,
vice president; Timothy Riordan, secre
tary; Stephen Clark, sergeant at arms.
WHAT AMBER CONTAINS.
More than 200 kinds of extinct life, in
cluding insects, reptiles, plants, shell,
fruit, etc., have been found in amber. In
an English collection, which is valued at
$500,000, is a perfect llp&rd, eight inches
long.
PETITIONS BY
THE DOZENS ARE
BEING PEDDLED
Independents Will Be
Very Numerous.
CORONER'S FEES AN ISSUE
REPORTS SHOW THE OFFICE TO
BE VEBY DESIRABLE.
J. J. Tobin Declines to Run for
State Senator on the Ticket
Put Up by the
Fusionists.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Oct. 3.
Petitions of Independent candidates are
now the order of the day and no one can
pass along Broadway without being Im
portuned to give an aspiring politician an
opportunity to get on the ticket. Last
Friday's convention brought at least
twenty independent candidates Into the
field, all of whom had to procure the nec
essary three per cent of signatures to en
able them to get on the ballot. Each hour
party lines are getting wider apart and
the campaign is now a free-for-all.
Already dissatisfaction among the fu
sionists is being manifested. J. J. Tobln
of Alameda, who was nominated for State
Senator from the Twenty-eighth District,
has sent in his resignation to the county
committee, "for business reasons," find
ing it impossible to make the campaign.
Other resignations are expected.
Much Interest has been shown in the
statement of James Taylor, an Independ
ent candidate for Coroner, that he 'Will
give all the fees of the oince to the Asso
ciated Charities, should he be elected.
While it is not altogether clear how
this "understanding" may conflict with
the purity of election law, there Is much
speculation as to just what Mr. Taylor s I
offer means. The annual report of the j
Coroner for the past year shows that the j
fees for inquests, which it is presumed
Mr. Taylor intends, if elected, to give to ,
the Associated Charities, amount to
$1723.
Other Items connected with the Coro
ner's office show that apart from the fees
there is a very large amount paid that of
ficial for the business accompanying the
work of the office. These fees for the last
year are:
Mileage, $214 15; removal of bodies, j
$537 50; directing funerals, $342; Inspecting ;
bodies, $180; burial of lndigents, $507; total, I
$18*) 65. I
There are yet other items connected
with the Coroner's office which must be
considered. Under the heading of •'burial i
of lndigents," other than the $507, $I^BB \
has been spent during the year, and in I
another department of the annual report, j
$450 Is shown to have been spent for the
burial of Union soldiers. All this busi
ness would naturally go to the under
taker who might be Coroner. Conse- i
quently, Mr. Taylor Is probably right in
stating that the business of the office is
worth more than the fees.
Tomorrow evening the Republican Alii- ;
ance will give a house-warming at Its
new quarters in Elite Hall.
A Maguire club will be organized In the
Fourth Ward to-morrow evening and on
the same night the Second Ward Re
publican Club will meet at Milton Hall,
and the Fourth Ward Republican Club
in People's Hall.
PROVING HIS CASE.
"I never have been able to get It
through my head," she said as the lights
burned low. "which Is the more formal
In beginning a letter— 'dear' or 'my dear.'
Of course I mean preceding a name."
"It depends upon circumstances to a
large extent," he replied.
"But 'dear' is unquestionably a term of
endearment," she protested.
"And yet," he asserted, "it's absence
may make an endearing phrase— a love
message, If you will — doubly significant."
"I fall to see how," she returned, blush
ing prettily, merely because of the course
the conversation was taking. "I should
say rather that it became the more sig
nificant as one approached the superla
tive degree."
"In a measure, It depends, he admit
ted; "but much depends upon the circum
stances and the persons involved. If an
old gentleman writing to you addresses
you as 'Dear Miss Brown' that is dis
tinctly formal, while if he says 'My Dear
Miss Brown' it seems a trifle patronizing
and fatherly, and to that extent is more
friendly. But If a young man uses 'Dear 1
and 'My Dear* the conditions seem to be
reversed."
"I don't how."
"Then let me illustrate," he said. "Sup
pose I should address you as 'My Dear
Girl.' That would seem rather patroniz
ing would it not, as if I were about to
point out some little error or bit of fool
ishness? But if I should say 'Dear Girl,'
how about that? Does it not mean more
than the other in my case?"
"While you are about it," she suggest
ed again blushing, "why might you not
say 'Dearest Girl?' "
"The superlatives are used so much by
some Americans," he said, "that they
lose much of their force and often do not
seem to to have the strength found In
lesser degrees. As love terms "Dear
Heart' and 'Sweet Heart' have stood the
test of years, and any attempt to put
them in the superlative, as 'Dearest
Heart' and 'Sweetest Heart' instead of
being more effective would be simply
farcical and would detract from, rather
than add to, their significance."
"But how about withdrawing the word
'dear' entirely?" she asKed, for being
woman it was only natural that shw
should wish to make a study of all the
intricacies of these terms. "You spoke
of that, you know."
"Certainly," he answered; and I can
prove the truth of what I said. Again
let me Illustrate with you. I say to you,
"My Dear Mamie.' It may mean much,
it may mean little. It depends upon cir
cumstances. It may seem patronizing, or
it may not. That also depends upon cir
cumstances, and not the tone. But wo
take away the word 'dear ' and then I
say to you 'My Mamie.' What do you
say to that?" ■
"Why, I— l guess I am. she replied,
blushing a deeper red than before, "but
you might have found out whether I was
or not without adopting such a round
about method."
Nevertheless, having proved his case
and accomplished his purpose, he proced
ed to take possession.— Chicago Evening
Post.
ROLLING OTTT THE GUNPOWDER.
At a recent fire in Boston, which filled
the neighboring building, a gun store,
with smoke and threatened its destruc
tion, a man quietly sat upon the powder
chest near the dor until it was removed
to a safe place in an adjacent block. The
cool deed recalls an anecdote told in "A
God Child of Washington," about a fire
in New York, in 1783. while the British
were getting ready to evacuate the city.
Colonel Morgan Lewis had returned to
his houee in the city, and with him, as
guests were Mr. and Mrs. Alexander
Hamilton. Fire broke out In the arsenal,
and all classes were frightened. Those
Americans who had returned to their
homes feared that the arsenal had been
set on fire by the British. The British
soldiers kept aloof, lest they should be
suspected and become the object of popu
lar violence. The flames continued un
checked.
Colonel Lewis and Mr. Hamilton were
forming the citizens in line to pass
leather buckets from hand to hand, when
a soldier announced that all was lost, as
the arsenal contained several barrels of
gunpowder, t tiich the fire had just
reached. , .
"Come, my lnds, won t you help us?"
said Colonel Lewis to the British soldiers
standing Idly by.
"Yes. sir. willingly, they replied.
Hamilton and Lewis led the way into
the burning arsenal and the soldiers fol
lowed. They rolled out through the fire
the barrels of gunpowder, calling them
"barrels of pork," and thus saved the
city.— Youth's Companion.
Greasy baths may be made perfectly
clean by lightly scouring with a wet flan
nel dipped In common salt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REPUBLICAN '7
MEETINGS! :
HON. HENRY T. GAGE,
HON. E. F. LOUD,
HON. CHAS. L. PATTON
AND OTHER SPEAKERS
Will Address the People
THIS TUESDAY EVENING
ROLANDER HALL,
Twenty-eighth and Church Streets. ,
Under the auspices of the Republican Club* .
of the Thirty-sixth District.
ALSO AT
MOWRY HALL.
Corner Grove and Laguna, ..' ; ,
Hayes Valley.
Under the auspices of the West End Repub- -
lican Club. Central Republican Club an the
Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth District j
Cluba. ' _■ -■ ■ ■•- ___ —:
Be Prepared
For winter, for It may begin to rain ■
any day. Don't wait until you actual- • •■' .
ly require heavy footwear, but come
in now and fit a solid pair "of service-
able shoeS that will last you through . .
the winter. Have them broken in and •
ready to wear. Many a man cripples •
himself by changing suddenly from >
light summer to heavy winter shoes. '. "t
Our stock is complete, Alaska Seal .
Box Calf and Winter Russlas in every
style, with heavy soles and extension • •
edges, calf or drill lined. No stock In • •
this city is so complete, with prices to
suit the times, ranging from $2 60 up- " • '-.'
ward. . - •
Alaska Seal Shoes, Lace or Con- ..."
cress "• ** 00 • •'
Alaska Seal Shoes, with Cork Soles- ' • ;•
Black Box Calf Shoes for 8 00. ••'.-'
Country orders solicited. -■; •■"•;
Send fgr Illustrated Catalogue. • .
B. KATCHINSKI, V
Philadelphia Shoe Co. •
10 Third St., San Francisco. . .
W at auction;
MAPLE ROOM, PALACE HOTEL,
COLLECTION OF
DEAKIN BROS.'
JAPANESE AND EUROPEAN
WORKS OF ART.
ALSO THE WORKS OF
EDWIN DEAKIN,
Consisting of his well-known - _ ■
Fruit and Landscape Paintings
And Studies in Oil \
I ALSO THE WORKS OF
EDWIN DEAKIN,
Consisting of his well-known
lit and Landscape Paintings
And Studies in OiL
Oil and Water Color Paintings, Efchings, Etc. • "■
By Noted European Artists.
On Exhibition TUESDAY. October 4, ■ •
Afternoon and Even inc.
Sale Will Be Held on Following
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY •
At 2 and 7:30 p. m.
EASTON, ELD RIDGE & CO..
, Auctioneer!.
CORE! COKE! GORE!;
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET, ...
Telephone South 24. i,>.' .
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
Yards at HOWARD AND BE ALE STS.
DR.MCMJLTY;
H^HIS well-known AND RELIABLE old
X. Specialist Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. - Boole on Private Diseases and. "' ' .
Weaknesses of Mon.free. Over 20 y'rV experience.
Patients en red at Home. Terms reasonable. HoursS .
to3dal!y;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrejt
'■' . Dr. P. ROBCOE MeKDLTY,
2«M Kearny St., »an Francisco, Cal.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S <>"•*
ridfa Museum of Anatomy ;
ii^ili ICSI 221 - t9 - * 7th, B.!'.otL ■
m ■• « The L»riMt«flttkl»4lntteW«l*.
tLMJA DR. JORDAN— private Diseases. .
' Iw^a S^ Coo»alta:ton fre«. Writ, tor B«k
In |^ Phllorophy^ff Marriage. •
.*■ m fi mailed puck.
Baja California
D AMI AN A BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and . specific tonic
for the ■ sexual and urinary organs of both
. sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative. '
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABEK, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
■jhL WONG WOO, "r l
T^W i CHINESE TEA AND HEHB
f~^P CHINESE TEA AND HERB
Uh* 7 SANITARIUM,
hrftiSi 7e *-B6CLAYST., San rr»aelioo,Oti
dfi&i S%l -A- 11 diseases c i. exclusive'
V^Jt^ilrMkv ly by Chinese . srbs, over 8000
*irJt¥fr,!Af>Xfl* varieties being used. ADVICB
FREE. ; Hour*. 8;S0 to 11 a. m.. Ito 3 and 1 tQ
>p. m. ' - » .THE NON-PARTISANS
ARE NOT HARMONIOUS
They Had Several Very Lively Wrangles Over
Nominations Last Night and Considerable
- . Feeling Was Shown.
Delegate Denicke Believed That They Should Withdraw Unless
They Lived Dp to Their Principles-Nominations
for Several Important Offices
Decided Upon.
The Citizens' Non-Partisan convention
met in Pioneer Hall last night, and con
siderable time was wasted in useless
wrangling. A hard fight was made by
the friends of M. C. Haley to secure for
him the nomination of County Clerk, but
the workers for John A. Brown, the Dem
ocratic nominee, were in the majority, and
they carried off the political plum. The
nomination of Barclay Henley for Dis
trict Attorney was strenuously opposed by
several of the members, but they only ar
gued in vain, for Henley was the "slate"
candidate and he went through.
"Whispering" Gavin McXab. Frank
Gould. Bama McKinne and several others
of Buss Phelan's coterie of politicians
were among the spectators taking notes
that may be of benefit to them in future
political conventions.
When Chairman Fitch called the meet
ing to order forty-two of the members of
the convention responded to the roll.
On motion of E. J. Le Breton, the rules
•were amended, so that after three ballots
were taken for any candidate a majority
Instead of a two-third's vote would nom
inate.
Ludwig Altschul, chairman of the Com
mittee on Supervisors, then presented the |
following .report: !
To the President and Members of the Non-
Partisan Convention— : Your com
mittee on Supervisors beg to report that we
have held seven meetings with a large repre
sentation present on each occasion. That we
have not reported earlier is due to the fact
that while we have diligently canvassed the
merits of possible candidates, we have awaited
linal action of the Republican and Democratic
parties, pnd now present the following candi
dates for your consideration:
First Ward. Edward L,. Holland: Second
Ward, Stewart Menzies; Third Ward. Louis F.
Burtlett; Fourth Ward, your committee present
two names for your choice, Osgood Putnam and
Pr. F.. L. Perrault; Fifth Ward, Isidore Gutte;
Sixth Ward, John Ixickmann; Seventh Ward,
1,. F. Byingi Eighth Ward. Julius Plat
check: Ninth Ward. Albert Heyer; Tenth
Ward, Jeremiah Deasy; Eleventh Ward, Dr.
Charles A. Clinton; Twelfth Ward, P. F. But
ler.
The committee on Board of Education
filed a lengthy report, going over the
work performed in selecting the names
presented for nomination. It Bet forth
that there are generally four classes of
men seeking nomination for the School
Board.
"The first are villains who seek office j
for dishonest purposes; those who wish
to iell more drugs, £vii more teeth, bury
more dead or get an opportunity to ex
periment on more sick; those who want
to attract attention to themselves and
lastly those who look upon office as ■ a
public duty." The report concluded with
a recommendation of the following: j
C. P. Eells. Benjamin Armer, T. J. Lyons,
Alfred Eichler, H. M. Brandenstein, Wil
liam M. Cannon, Vanderlynn Stow. H. M.
Holbrook, W. G. Stafford, E. L. Head, P.
A. Bergerot and J. M. Thomas. All of
these candidates, with the exception of
Armer. have been nominated either by
the Republican or Democratic party. The
committee suggested the name of Armer
feeling that he had been a faithful ser
vant while in the School Board and that
he was entitled to renomination.
The municipal committee reported in
favor of Michael Ma her for Recorder, Dr.
William J. Hawkins for Coroner and J.
A. Drinkhouse for Public Administrator.
E. J. Le Breton introduced a resolution
providing that the present county com
mitte hold 'office until the next conven
tion and be authorized to fill any vacancy
that might occur after the adjournment
of the convention. "
The work of balloting for County Clerk
was taken up. Three ballots were taken
last Friday night without a choice.
George Gumming said that it had been
reported that .'I. C. Haley had been
placed in nomination against John A.
Brown, the Democratic nominee, in order
to ere; a discord and elect William A.
LVane, the Republican nominee.
Cumming angrily denied that such was
the case. He said that a failure to nomi
rate Haley would be tantamount to going
back on the principles of the party.
Haley, when in office, made a faithful
public servant and it was his belief that
If he was nominated he would stand a
very good chance of election. Brown, he
said, while a very good man, was com
paratively unknown, and he believed that
it would be a display of good judgment
on the part of Brown to withdraw In
favor of Haley and to allow him to make
the run against Deane. "Brown," said he,
"comes from a dry-goods house; we had
one candidate two years ago from a dry
goods house, Supervisor Delany. and we
don't want any more of Delany."
C. B. Perkins spoke In defense of
Brown, and said that he believed that
Haley could not win with a Non-Partisan
endorsement alone. I. T. Milliken re
. ferred to the fact that Haley, with Demo
cratic and Non-Partisan nominations four
years ago, had been beaten by County
Clerk Curry, and asked if Haley, had
gained any strength since that time.
"L. R. Ellert and Judge J. C. B. Heb
bard won on our nomination," replied D.
J. Mahoney, "and I Oettvethat Haley will
be able to do the same thing."
Ajj Bbarboro also favored giving the
nomination to Haley. "It is said," re
marked Sbarboro, "that the cardinal
principle of our paTty is reward of merit.
Let us nominate Haley, and prove that
we are true to our principle." E. J. Le
Breton proposed Haley. He said that Ha
ley's defeat was due to a combination
of bosses, and that two years afterward
the very same bosses were making a fight
for his renomination. He said he be
lieved that there was some underlying
feeling and underlying Influence at work.
"1 am afraid," said he, "the bosses have
crept into our organization and are at
tempting to use it to accomplish a pur
pose we should all deplore." The roll was
then called. The first ballot stood Brown
27, Haley 16. The second ballot Brown
32, Haley 11. Brown was declared the
choice of the convention and his nomina
tion was afterward made unanimous.
The names of I. J. Truman and M.
Greenblatt were presented for Treasurer.
There was no choice on fine first ballot,
Truman receiving 27 votes and Green
blatt 15. The second ballot resulted: Tru
man 30, Greenblatt 12. Truman was de
clared the nominee. He was next nomi
nated by acclamation to fill the unexpired
term for Treasurer.
The municipal convention recommended
James N. Block for Tax Collector, Ed
ward I. Sheehan, the Republican nominee,
was also placed in nomination. Block
was nominated on the first ballot by a
vote of 34 to 4. .
Charles S. Tllton and Bernard Bienfleld
were placed In nomination for Surveyor.
Frank J. Sullivan opposed Tilton on the
ground that while serving as an Election
Commissioner he had shown himself to be
unfavorable to the new charter. George
ueose
•
I L. Center also opposed JlUon. claiming:
l that he had neglected his duty In the mat
ter of overseeing the construction of the
Brannan street sewer. A ballot was then
taken and resulted In the nomination or
Bienfleld by a vote of 31 to 12.
Michael Meagher and A. C. Berthler
were placed in nomination for Recorder.
On the recommendation of Magher by the
! committee he received the entire vote of
! the convention. - _
Dr. William J. Hawkins and Dr. E. E.
j Hill were placed in nomination for Coro
1 ncr The vote stood Hawkins, 35, Hill, 3.
Hawkins was declared the choice of the
convention.
There was another stir in the conven
tion when the office of Public Adminls
j trator was taken up. The committee
recommended the nomination of J. A.
Prink house, but also presented the names
of Edward L. Fitzgerald ajid A. C. Freese.
George Cummlng again claimed the floor
and asked what had become of the prin
ciples of the party when a man like Cap
tain Freese was not recommended. Cap
tain Freese, who was standing in the
rear of the hall, then stepped forward in
the center aisle and asked leave to with
draw his name.
"I am sorry," said E. A. Denicke. "to
sec the way this convention is drifting.
I am sorry to say that we appear to be
lacking in a little backbone. If we ad
hered a little to our original policy it
would be better for the party, we should
\ have the courage of our convictions and
make some independent nomination. If
we don't waiit to do this we shoujd with
draw from the field and give some other
organization an opportunity to carry out
the work for which we organize!. Cap
tain Freese has faithfully served th<? city j
for eight years and if he had allowed his
name to remain I should have beon |
pleased to vote for him."
Delegate Cumming then formally placed
Freese in nomination. He said that Freese
h:ul never used his office for personal
gain. Warren Gregory said while he was |
personally friendly to Freese and the em- i
ployes of his office he did not think that
he could conscientiously vote for him. in- :
asmueh as Probate Judge Coffey some
time ago wrote a letter criticizing the ad- I
ministration of his office. The roll was
then ordered called, and the first ballot
resulted: Drlnkhouse 15, Fitzgerald 24,
Freese 4. There was no choice.
Before the second roll was called Freese j
advanced to the front of the hall and de- ,
manded that in Justice to himself the let- i
t,er referred to by Gregory should be i
i made public by Gregory if he had it in his !
: posession. Gregory replied that he never j
j read the letter, but had been informed of
Its existence by Frank H. Gould. George
i X. Cumming insisted that the letter be
I produced, as It was only fair to Freese
I that its contents be made public before
! the convention. Chairman Fitch ordered
i the roll called, and the vote stood, Drink
house IS, Fitzgerald 23. There being no
choice a third ballot was taken resulting, !
Drtnkhouse 19, Fitzgerald 22. Freese 2.
Under the amendment to the rules
made early in the evening on motion of
Le Breton, Chairman Fitch held that the \
candidate receiving the largest number of :
i votes on the next ballot would be thenom- ]
Inee of the convention. The roll was |
called and Drinkhouse was nominated, re- |
: ceiving 20 votes to Fitzgerald's 16, Freese j
4. Gregory then rose to a Question of i
privilege and said that Gould had Just j
then presented him with the letters he re- j
ferred to. He then proceeded to read i
them. They wen- written during the last
session of the Legislate re by Judge Cof- I
fey to Senator Braunhart. They referred ,
i in a general way to the .necessity of j
| amending the probate laws so that at
! torneys could not charge such exorbitant '.
fees for the settlement of estates. In one !
letter there was a slight reference to the j
administration of the Public Administra
tor's office.
Frank J. Sullivan, a brother in law of
| Boss Phelan. then reported that 'the ju- j
dlciary committee had unanimously de
cided to recommend Barclay Henley for |
the nomination for District Attorney. 11»
referred at length to the record made by
Henley as foreman in the Wallace Grand
Jury, and said that if Henley was elected
he would fearlessly prosecute all offend
■ ers. whether rich or poor.
George Cumming then claimed the floor.
He said it was a most wonderful tiling
that there was only one man in town j
who would make a good District Attor- ;
ney, and the most mysterious part of it,
he added, is that this one man Is a Dem
ocrat. "Here we are again drifting away
from our principles," he continued. "For |
when we organized, we made it one of
our rules that no member of this con
vention should receive the nomination. I
understand that P. F. Butler, one of
Mayor Phelan's tenants, and Stewart
Menzles, who are also delegates to this !
convention, are to be nominated for Su- !
pervisors. Are we keeping faith with the !
people in acting this way?"
"But they are not delegates," interrupt
ed Brother-in-law Sullivan. They have
resigned."
"That may be all right," replied Cum
ming, "but I don't think the people will
look at it in that way. It is said every
where that we are only the tail of the
Democratic kite. There are other lawyers
just as good as Barclay Henley. Appear
ances are against us if there has not been
some dicker or deal."
J. S. Webster s oke in defense of Hen
ley, and said that the nomination had
been tendered him by the Democrats
without his solicitation. He also claimed
that Henley had not solicited the vote of
any member of the convention.
"This is a very dangerous thing to do,"
said Frank K. Bymmes. "Here we have
a rule that no member is eligible. I have
nothing against Mr. Henley. I am fight
ing for a principle."
H. L. Davis read a letter from A. S.
Hallidie indorsing Henley and advocating
his nomination. Cumming said l\e knew
It was useless to argue against the nomi
nation of Henley, and that they might
Just as well proceed to ballot. Henley re
ceived 36 votes and 3 were cast for D. J.
Murphy, the Republican nominee. The
convention then adjourned to meet to
night in Pioneer Hall.
MILLIONAIRE IN A MOMENT.
It falls to the lot of but few men to
make the discovery that they are stand
ing on a mine of fabulous value. This
good fortune has recently befallen Mr.
T. C. Bassett, a mining expert, whose
keen eye and a stroke of luck converted
him in a moment from a poor man to be
master of millions. Mr. Baßsett, who is
attached as expert to a mining corpo
ration in South America, was on a .short
visit to relatives in California, when it
occurred to him that he might utilize
some of his time prospecting for gold.
His wanderings took him in the direc
tion of the famous Death Valley, where
one day he mounted a small, cone-shaped
hill in order to get a better view of the
surrounding country. He was about to
descend the hill, to continue his tramp,
when a patch of blue at his feet arrest
ed his attention. Bassett's trained eye
recognized in the blue patch the "blue
float" which is sure indication of the
f>resence of turquoise In the soil. He
ost no time in locating a claim, and
was soon hard at work with pick and
shovel. His most sanguine expectations
were more than realized, for at the depth
of six feet he found the "boxite vein,"
which was thickly studded with beauti
ful stones. The deeper he dug the more
magnificent were the gems, and within
a fortnight he was able to return to San
Francisco with no lees than seventy
pounds of the most brilliant and flawless
turquoises that have ever been discov
ered.—London Tit-Bits.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
CONFIDENTIAL
CAMPAIGN
CIRCULAR
Silly Document From
the Fusion Bureau.
TACTICS OFTHESINGLE-TAXER
MAJOR McLAUGHLIN EXPOSES A
FUSION FALSEHOOD.
Henry T. Gage, Republican Nominee
for Governor, Gaining Friends
and Supporters in San
Francisco.
The fusionists who are conducting
Maguire's campaign begin to see that
they cannot win in a straight out, man
ly contest, hence they are resorting to
political tricks and low-down election
eering tactics. A silly circular, pur
porting to emanate from the Repub
lican State Central Committee, is now
published in the Maguire press. The
Woodland Democrat of October 1 gives
space to the document and goes into
double-leaded hysterics over the sins
of the Republican State Central Com
mittee. It is asserted that the docu
ment was sent to Will Dunn of the Rio
Vista News under the impression that
he is a Republican. In ail probabil
ity the circular was composed by a co
terie of fusionists and single taxers
around the Maguire headquarters, and
by prearrangement sent to some editor
who could be trusted to place it within
reach of the Woodland Democrat as an
exclusive story. Any one reading the
document will sfee at a glance that it
emanated from the mind of a single
taxer. Following is a copy of the won
derful circular:
Office of
Committee on Campaign Literature, <
San Francisco, Sept. 6, IS9B.
To the Editor— Dear Sir: The commit
tee on campaign press literature Is anx-
I lous that there should be no mistake
made in this campaign. We have a hard
' tight, and must use caution as well as
daring.
We suggest that editorially you chiefly
i discuss Maguire' s single tax views. It is
true they are not a part of the Demo
cratic platform, but it mwt bo impressed
!on the voters that, having nominated
Maguire, the Democracy becomes respon
j sible for all his views. You will point out
! that this means that the farmers are to
! pay all the taxes. We suggest that you
i enter into no discussion of the single tax
\ itself, as the doctrine is not well under
stood, and its advocates, having long
studied It, are apt to have you at a dfs
! advantage. Besides, the fallacious theory
is very captivating to certain classes.
! Simply state all the time that the single
I taxers mean to put all the taxes on farm
ers ami stay with that proposition.
We suggest that you appeal to the busi
j ness interests to support Mr. Gage, be
j cause he is distinctly a business Inter
! ests candidate as opposed to sandlotism,
anarchy, socialism, etc.
l>-t the railroad question alone. The rail
road must be kept in the background, sim
ply because the Maguire organs mean to ]
drag it to the front. Do not discuss It. Treat j
it as a dead lswue. But you might point :
| out that the single tax would take the :
i taxes off the railroads and put them on I
farmers.
Do not discuss the war revenue or war j
i bonds. They are not State questions, and ;
! we see no reason to drag them into this
i campaign.
The money question is not a State issue.
j We suggest that it be avoided as much
!as possible. When necessary to discuss
it use the phrase "'sound money" instead
:of "gold," "the gold standard," etc. It
I Is well to point out occasionally that the
I Republican platform also advises bimet
i alisrn win never an international agree
| ment can be had. Do not be radical in uis
cussing this question. It is far better to
' let it sleep. .
The committee urges that in your cdi
! torial columns you make frequent men-
I lion of the war and its successful opera
! tion by President McKlnley. The Demo
! cratie effort to make capita! of the sick
ness and deaths in the camps should be
offset by treating these stories as mere
j exaggerations of a partisan press.
Advocate the annexation of the Philip
pines and Nicaragua canal.
In conclusion, the committee's Judgment
is that the Republican press in this cam
paign should avoid as much as it consist
j ently can any discussion of the money
question, the railroad question or the pre
< filing State Democratic administration,
or the war taxes and the war bonds.
Deal principally with the danger to the
farmers if Maguire is elected and the
; single tax should come Into vogue. Show
! them that railroads and corporations
would escape taxation. This is especially
good to offset the demagogic attack on
> the principal railroad company of the
State made by the Maguire Demo-Pops.
Trusting that with the aid of you valu
able editorial efforts the election will
prove a great triumph for the party of
sound money, and thus strengthen the
party for the struggle with the silver
! fanatics two years hence, we are cor-
COWfMITTEB OF CAMPAIGN LITERA
TURE.
7he publication of the foregoing doc
ument caused the editor of the Wood
land Mail to ask Major Frank Mo-
Laughlin if any such document was
ever issued by the Republican State
Central Committee. Major McLaugh
lin at once wired the following denial:
REPUBLICAN
STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
San Francisco, Oct. 3, 1898.
J. H. Dungan, Woodland, Cal.: The
statement in the Woodland Daily
Democrat of October 1 that the Re
| publican State Central Committee is
! sued a confidential letter giving in
! structions to the Republican press of
I the State as to the line upon which
j the campaign is to be conducted is as
shameful, cowardly a lie as has
yet been uttered by the Popo-Demo
cratic party in this campaign. The
circular printed in the Daily Demo
crat headed "Office of Committee en
i Campaign Press Literature, San
| Francisco, September 26, 1898," was
evidently manufactured in the Demo
cratic headquarters to injure our
party, but we will make it a boomer
! ang. FRANK McLATJGHLIN,
Chairman Republican State Central
Committee.
The Woodland Democrat does not as
sert directly that the Republican State
Central Committee authorized the cir
cular, but uses this language:
The State Central Committee appointed
r press committee. The latter has issued
a confidential letter giving instructions to
the Repuhlican press of the State as to
the lines, upon which the campaign is to
1... conducted. One of these circular let
tera wns sent to Will Dunn of the Rio
Vista News under the impresssion that he
is a Republican.
Perhaps the Woodland Democrat
knew that the State Central Commit
tee which appointed a press committee
was the Maguire committee, although
the article denouncing the circular is
so worded as to leave the impression
in the public mind that the circular em
anated from the Republican State Cen
tral Committee.
Henry T. Gage, the Republican nom
inee, is daily gaining friends and sup
porters in San Francisco. The masses
of the people are weary of men who
are constantly seeking public office and
turn with satisfaction to the candidacy
of Mr. Gage. It is set down to his
credit that he never held a public of
fice and never drew a dollar from the
public treasury- The people meet a
man of this kind with pleasure.
Mr. Gage addressed two meetings in
San Francisco last night. He will ad
dress two meetings to-night — one at
Rolander Hotel, corner of Twenty
eighth and Church streets, and another
at Mowry Hall, corner of Grove and
Laguna streets. Charles L. Patton,
Republican nominee for Mayor, and
Eugene F. Loud, Republican nominee
for CongreßS in the Fifth District, will
also address the people this evening at
the places named.
ARRESTED ON SUSPICION.
Timothy Flynn, Father of the ex-
County Clerk, Arre-ted on a
Serious Charge.
Timothy Flynn, father of ex-County
Cleric James Flynn, was arrested last
night and placed on the small book pend
ing an investigation. The police claim
that he was in a saloon on the corner of
Church and Clpper streets, past Saturday
night when a man named Frank Foy, who
lives at 3927 Church street Joined him and
they drank together. Foy displayed a
twenty-dollar gold piece and shortly after
ward left the saloon, and, on his way
home, was waylaid and robbed. Foy's
skull was fractured In two places and he
is now lying at his home in a dangerous
condition.
The police apprehended Flynn on th«
statement of a female witness, who
claims she saw Flynn knock Foy down
and relieve him of the coin.
Flynn was himself robbed several
months ago of $186. while en route home.
A DENTIST TAKES HIS LIFE.
Dr. Charles A. Huber Swallows Car-
bolic Acid While Despondent
and Dies en Route to
the Hospital.
Dr. Charles A. Huber, a dentist, with
offices at 42% Turk street, committed sui
cde ths mornng by swallowng the
contents of a bottle containing carbolic
acid. His groans attracted the attention
of a woman in the house and she noti
fied the police. The door was forced open
and they found Huber in an unconscious
condition. The ambulance was hurriedly
rung for, but he died before he reached
the Receiving Hospital.
A notebook found in his room disclosed
his name and his address 338 Turk street.
Vnder it was written "Mrs. J. C. Bram,
L. A., 1968 % E. First street, L. A.'
Huber was found partially disrobed. He
Is a young man about 25 years old. A
friend informed the police that i c tried
twice before to end his lFfe, but without
success. Disappointment In love is given
as a cause of his ending his existence.
AFFLICTED WITH APHASIA.
John McMonahan Is a farmer in a small
i way living some little distance from
Plaquemine, on the river. About three
weeks ago he fell from the roof of a
house near his place upon which he wns
assisting in some repairs, and struck his
for head heavuy against a piece of scant
ling. When picked up he was apparently
dazed and half unconscious, and as his
condition grew steadily worse he was
brought to New Orleans for medical
treatment. _ ,
The physicians found him suffering
from a well-developed case of aphasia.
Aphasia .roughly described, is a condition
in which the victim loses the faculty of
language, but it is not necessarily accom
panied by any mental derangement. He
is simply' unable to translate his thoughts
into appropriate words, and this affection
is usually the result of some injury to the
frontal portions of the brain.
McMonahan was very much emaciated
and presented a stupid, dull appearance,
as if under the influence of some narcotic.
When trip doctors questioned him sharply
he would brighten up for a moment and
make what seemed to be an earnest effort
to reply, but his words were always irrele
vant and unrelated to one another.
"What is your name?" said one of the
examiners, close to his ear.
A violent spasm convulsed Mc.Monahan's
features and he made a motion with his
hand, as If brushing aside something. The
gesture was Immensely expressive; It was
as If he knew the wrong word was coming
to his ilps and was endeavoring to thrust
it aside.
"Fourteen." he said at length.
When the question was repeated, h©
said, "Never wait," and the phrase seem
ed to stick to his tongue, for he recurred
to it several times in the course of the ex
amination.
After a dozen or more futile efforts the
patient lapsed into moody silence and
could not be induced to speak again. In
some cases of apha-sia the sufferer retains
his ability to write coherently, although
he cannot reproduce the same words in
speech. McMonahan Is unlettered and
cannot read or write, hence the test could
not be applied. There were apparently
some slight symptoms of paralysis on the
right side, but they were not particularly
markerl. and the physicians were inclined
to believe that the man would In time re
cover his faculties. He was plainly suffer
ing for lack of nourishment and was put
on proper diet. — New Orleans Times-Dem
ocrat.
WHAT CUBA COST SPAIN.
The mass of the Spanish people now
think that it is not worth while spend
ing their lives and money over the reten
tion of territories so disaffected to the
mother country. In fact, the Spanish na
tion is tired of a war which has brought
nothing but disaster. From March, 1895,
to June, IS9S, Spain has sent to Cuba
180.431 soldiers, 6222 officers, 615 high offi
cials, and 10 generals; or, with 12,000 men
already in Cuba before the rebellion
broke out, a total of 200,000 m*n. The
fighting losses have been, proportion
ately, very small, viz.: 2 generals, 141
officers and 2008 soldiers killed; 435 offi
cers and 5164 soldiers wounded, making
losses equal to 5 per cent of the whole
Spanish army. The victims from yellow
fever have been 313 officers and 13.000
men, and from other diseases the num
ber of deaths has been given at 127 offi
cers and 40,000 men.
Therefore, the total losses of the Span
ish army in Cuba from the beginning of
the rebellion up to June 30 of this year
amount to over 104.000 men. These fig
ures do not include the losses in the
Philippine Islands, nor those of Santiago
and Puerto Rico.
The total expenses of the campaign on
the Spanish side amount to over 1.874,000,
000 pesetas, or about $350,000,000, not in
clusive of losses in property, ships, mer
chandise, indemnities, etc., all of which
it is as yet Impossible to assess.
It is quite natural that the Spaniards
should be tired of the war, and think
that they have done enough for the na
tional honor. It remains to be seen
what the people will do with its Gov
ernment and with its future affairs.—
Paris messenger.
The Bittern.
A common name for the bittern was
"bull of the bog," and I this L It very like
ly that it was from this name of the bit
tern, and the scaring noise that the bird
makes, that the old terrifying bugbear
that nurses used to frighten children with
got the name of bull-beggar that has so
puzzled etymologists, the change from
"bull-bogger" to "bull-begger ' being
easily accounted for.
"Then she (In anger) in her armes
would snatch me.
And bid the bergar or bull-beggar catch
me,
With, 'take him, begger, take him,' would
she say."
—John Taylor Workes.
"And being an 111-look'd fellow, he has a
pension from the church wardens for be
ing bull-begger to all the forward children
in the — Mountford, Greenwich
Park , „
The bittern was strictly preserved in the
days when falconry was practiced. 1 ? One
year's Imprisonment and a fine of 8d for
each egg (equal to 6s 8d of our money)
was the punishment Inflicted by an act
of Edward VI for robbing the "blttour's"
nest. It always ".darts at the eyes of a
hawk or any other enemy attacking it,
and with its thick, pike-like bill inflicts
the most uangerous wounds. The long
claw of Its hind toe was highly valued
by. spruce young people as a toothpick, not
only on account of its shape, but because
the use of it was said to make the teeth
white and — Good Words.
Colonel Ernest Grattan. who has Just
been retired from the English army on
account of age, enlisted in an infantry
battalion thirty-eight years ago as a
private under the name of John Smith,
and it was not until he had won his
commission that he resumed his own
name.
From everywhere crowds come daily tasting
lovely So wines. Mohna & Kaltenbach. 29 Mitt.
FRAWLEYS
IN A DALY
ADAPTATION
"The Last Word" Is a
Success.
BUSH STREET PATRIOTISM
NANCE O'NEIL AND RANXIN IN
TEARFUL DRAMA.
Tivoli's "Bohemian Girl"— Domestic
Strife at Morosco's— "The Glad
iator" at the Alhambra.
The Others.
When it was first announced that the
Frawleys were going to move around
the corner to Market street I shared
the doubt of the many and trembled
lest the Baldwin — our only hope — should
go down to the Frawleya rather than
that the Frawleys should come up to
it. Last week's performance of a cos
tume play was, even with Miss Bates
well to the front and one or two others
doing finely, not a complete assurance.
But last night's performance of the
Daly adaptation, "The Last Word,"
was really a comfort and a surprise.
In the past Mr. Frawley always seemed
opposed to sane stage management and
human ensemble. He sanctioned a sys
tem of stage-manners that would have,
and I dare say often did, shock a police
man. It was only the individual spell
of Frank Worthing, Miss Bates and
other good members of the company
that lent any sort of conviction to the
social pictures that were presented.
Every fellow did and dressed as he
pleased, and the general result was a
picnic of astonishing clothes and wild
deportment.
I don't know that the actors are any
better now; I don't know who manages
the stage, but certainly this Daly
comedy was given last night with meas
ures of harmony, polish and easiness
that were undreamt of in the old Fraw
ley days. It was not a flawless perform
ance, but it had the atmosphere, some
thing of the fanciful eleeance that Mr.
Daly usually gives to his productions.
And Blanche Bates in the Rehan part
of the Baroness Vera added still an
other to her little bunch of first rate
personations. In that scene in the third
act where she pleads with the stormy
papa and tells him the good old Sunday
school story about her little brother
who died, she impressed me as being
much more vivid and much less comical
than Miss Rt-nan. In chronicling Miss
Rehan's performance during the last
Daly season at the Buldwin I protested
politely but strenuously against the
"business" in this scene. Just as Miss
Rehan reached the heart of the little
brother story, vvhich she was telling in
order to melt papa, she turned away
from his cold gray head, rushed down
to the lights and addressed the rest full
front to the rirst violin and the audi
ence. And all the illusion went to
smash. Now Miss Bates is not beyond
copying any Rehan business and man
nerism that will help along the show,
but in this scene at least she works on
her own lines, and to the immense ad
vantage of the play. Her whole per
formance is one of distinction and
imagination. These Daly heroines are
essentially capricious and fanciful, and
Miss Bates' Vera is the essence of
caprice and fancy. In real emotional
work Miss Bates can be unflinchingly
strong and earnest, but In this, which
merely dances over the surface feelings,
she never, forgets that the character
and the play are thoroughly make-be
lieve, and she is always delightful. I
am not much of an authority on Rus
sian dialect, but hers, with its revolv
ing "r's" and winding "w's," is at any
rate melodious if not authentic; and it
may interest the women folk to know
that Miss Bates' gowns are, with the
one exception of the St. Petersburg
kimono in th« second act, quite beauti
ful and becoming.
Mr. Roberts plays the proud papa
and plays him just as Mr. Clarke did
with Daly, too proudly and too solemn
ly for the texture of the part. But the
musician brother is an unobtrusively
clever piece of character as Mr. Keefe
presents him; and Mr. Edwards does a
brilliant fifteen minutes with Moses
Mossap. The young dude is the best
work I have seen at the hnnds of Mr.
Hickman. It is comic to the impossi
ble, with its gilt hair and infantile vi
vacity and decorations of floral cock
tails, but it gives you the fun, and you
almost forgive Miss Wells, the opposite,
for playing up to it in her most goo-goo
key. Mr. Payne makes a fair adven
ture into Russian dialect and pas3ion as
the suspected brother of Vera, and Mr.
Frawley is solemnly himself as papa's
son. I was cheerfully struck with Miss
Adora Andrews, who played the wait
ing maid with all the affability and ele
gance of a real leading lady. There are
some lights that can't be busheled.
But as n whole, you will find "The
Last Word" to be an exceptional Fraw
ley performance. Almost a crowd was
in attendance last night and success
seemed written all over the house.
• ASHTON STEVENS.
Columbia.
In the role of Philip Garth, McKpe
Rankin grave a clean-cut, masterly ex
hibition of acting. In Bill Sykes last
week he was rugged, rough and almost
ranty; in Philip Garth last night he was
gentle, tender, self-contained and showed
without visible effort the one touch of
nature that makes all men kin. The role
was not even melodramatic. The old man
coming out of prison yearning for sym
pHthy had but to weep and his audience
wept with him. When he told his pitiful
story he evoked as much sympathy from
his hearers as he did from the philanthrop
ist on the stage, or from his daughter when
she discovered the relationship existing
between them. Philip Garth would be a
success <>n any stage, in any country and
in any language, for his lines are written
in the universal language of the heart,
thoroughly understandable alike by the
savage and the sage.
The. acting of Miss O'Neil as Mrs. Anna
Dunning was in strong contrast to that of
her tutor. Where he was restrained and
quiet and most effective she was loud and
declamatory. This was unpleasantly no
ticeable in the closing scene of the third
act, when she announces to Baldwin, her
benefactor, that she is going to comfort
her father in his distress and share with
him the ignominy of his name. Other
wise it was only occasionlly that the mus
cular predominated.
The play is melodramatic enough for
the most exacting Bowery audience, but
it would be most risky for a Bowery com
pany on account of the superabundance
of talk and the paucity of action. A
novelty is introduced in the matter of
court procedure, when in the last act the
committing magistrate holds a prelimi
nary examination in his private chambors
without the attendance of the prosreut
ing officers or the attorneys for the de
fendant.
There was only one misfit in the piece.
That was Mrs. Higgins. Her brogue was
of all nations by turns and moved the
weepers to laugh away their tears.
Speaking of tears, the play abounds in
them. The actors wade ankle deep in
them, and the spray thereof spares not
even the orchestra and the man who
plays the muffled dirge on the violin.
"True to Life" is a great hit.
The Orpheum.
The Orpheum's new bill opened strong
with four new acts last evening. Caw
thorne and Forrester come with a very
funny skit entitled, "A Damage Suit," in
which there are any number of funny
complications over a name, of itself noth
ing new, but this couple uses the old ld^a
in an original and taking manner. Mistj
Forrester demonstrated that she has good
grounds upon which to base her claim RS
the May Irwin of the vaudeville stage, for
she has' mastered the genuine "coon swag
ger" and the true Southern dialect, while
Mr. Cawthorne is a comedian far above
the usual line. The Carpos Brothers do
some very neat acrobatic feats, and, as
strong men, surpass any seen here since
the days of Sandow. Mulvay and In
raan were good in their character
changes, and as dancers they excel. As
to the rest of the bill Lew Hawkins is in
front with more new witty monologues.
The Dustins and company in "The Man
Up Stairs " are favorites. The Anglo-
American quartet, the Paolis and the foot
ball dog and the biograph complete an
enjoyable bill.
The Alharnbra.
The vaudeville entertainment at the |
Alhambra Theater last evening deserved
a much larger audience than the artists j
faced when the curtain was raised. 'For i
every part the scenery was appropriate
and the settings in good taste. As might
be expected the tragedian, Robert Dowl
ing, and his company proved a strong'
card, and the presentation of the arena
scene in "The Gladiator" gave the artists
a chance to show what they could do. |
The applause that greeted their efforts !
marked the appreciation of all. Mr. !
Dowling was called before the footlights
and in the garb of a gladiator he made !
a few remarks and then introduced the i
new manager, Harry Jackson. The lat- !
tar was of as a stranger in this !
city, but 'he stated that he Is an old mem- !
ber of San Francisco society, having :
first made his appearance on the stage !
of the old Maguire Theater. He prom
ised the public that go long as he fills
his present position he will always have
the best and latest talent that the coun- I
try affords. His great aim is to make :
the Alhambra a family place of amuse- ;
ment, and nothing of an offensive nature j
shall ever be permitted on the stage.
The Austin sisters, Aimee and Marie,
in their wonderful aerial performances,
won the hearts of the spectators, espe
cially the former, who closed the en
tertainment with "the human fly" feat
of walking on the ceiling. Will I. Rising, ;
Elmer Ellsworth and Miss Lillian Kern- |
bel, vocalists, were well received in their i
rendition of a choice bit from Offen- |
bach's operetta "The Rose of Avergne."
George C. Boniface and Miss Nonna
Ferner afforded pome little amusement
in their one act comedy, "A Game of i
Lobby." The four Olifans, the grotesque I
acrobatic quartet, also shared in the ap- |
plause. Miss Lillian F. Smith's trick rifle j
shooting was very clever.
Grand Opera-House,
The comedy-drama, "The Runaway
Wife," was presented at the Grand
Opera-house last night to an appreciative
audience. The plot is simple, but there
are several striking situations. Lorena
Atwood as the runaway wife scored a suc
cess. The denouement in her son's studio
was well worked up to an Intensely excit
ing climax. Maud Miller was pleasing as
Lillian Haye and Julia Blanc gave a fine
bit of character acting as Hester East
man. James M. Brophy was the husband
and In the last two acts he was particu
larly effective. Fred J. Butler was ex
cellent as Dr. Prescott, the friend in
need. The piece is well staged.
Tivoli.
The ever-popular "Bohemian Girl" was
the attraction at the Tivoli last night,
and the well-known solos and duets were
heartily apjjlauded by the large audi
ence. Mary Linck as the Queen
was the • best the patrons of tne
Tivoli have seen for a long time. Kd
Stevens and Phil Branson made their
reappearance after about three months'
vacation. Next week the comic opera sea
son commences with an elaborate produc
tion of "The Circus Queen."
Alcazar.
The Alcazar's creditable production of
"In Mlzzoura" entered its second week
last night with every prospect of dupli
cating the business of last week. David
Belasco's famous old heart wringer,
"The Wife," Is in preparation to follow.
At the Chutes Theater.
The new programme at the Chutes Free
Theater sparkled with good things and
every furn was well received. The San
key Brothers are the best acrobats ever
seen at the Haight-street grounds, and
they duplicated their Orpheum hit of last
week. Silver and Wyatt make a neat
song and dance team, and Agnes Castor,
a new soprano, is pleasing. Pietro Ma
rino is now an established favorite, and
he had to play five violin numbers. The
"Young Sando'w" and the Japanese acro
bats are wonders in their way. and the
moving pictures are as interesting as ever.
A matinee is given every day.
The Olympia.
The Olympia Music Hall was packed
last night to hear (petite Irene Franklin
in her songs and character impersona
tions. She had the house from the start and
was recalled again and again, until her
list of songs in rehearsal was exhausted.
Other favorites wereNadine Allen, Kelly
and Vlolette. Madiline and several others.
Miss Franklin remains this week only.
Charged With Larceny.
William Nesnitt and Julian Nicholas
were arrested last night and charged with
grand larceny. They are accused of steal
ing goods valued at $S0 from a delivery
wagon.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .-_TT~~-'J
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®® ® ®® ®® ® ® ® ®®
® O» »1 » « (•)
% ®
©— @ .
® — «^ Young man, you can realize, that
® y^^V a waste of strength which occurs W
r, Lrt&*-iv frequently must be straining the vi- @
® _. . *&< ' Vr-wv tal power from your body. It Is
® 'id >-»•» V^^S». slowly but surely ruining your fu- ®
® Vg^.. .. •"■- —^ '.-.» Hj/f/ i which comes for a few weeks at a W
® n. ri..~.^A' - A /'// timo and then seems to stop for @
(i\ N/i* %L-J// a while, is getting worse with each
® • 1 v'Jti^J &\ ' appearance; its weakening effects ®
© • L iM/,J are more serious and your nervous @
© • /^"'.* ■/ system is slowly giving way under
./ jit" ' ...-*^ It Surely you must see that If It is CD
® /^to^^---^ not checked your whole nervous 0
© K\ W/ 1 end physical constitution must be
W X\\ l3r ruined by it. Cure it at once, if you ©
® / J** \P\ want to preserve your future health. ®
I fiM«;\ Dr. Santa's . 1
: -JO 1 )\ Electric Belt. I
/^ tikv *C -d-- " ' =^'~ . "V. This wonderful invention cures all ft*
15>  , .v ; xuji'j' J-JiJ waste of power by a simple vltallx- ©
© *V-i«?s£fil UffiMMV^lffiumn lng O f the weakened nerves. As they
® are saturated with its strengthening force they become vigorously contract- W
~ ed; the loosened cords are restored to their normal condition and all waste ®
® is quickly checked. True vigor then becomes evident. The body is made _,
© strong and the mind clear. Ambition springs up in the brain and the hap-
(s, plnees which can come only from healthy vital force is -yours. The effect ©
w of this electrical treatment Is wonderful as Dr. Sanden applies it. He has a >■ _,
© special style of applying his Belt for weak men, the result of thirty years of
S study. All other electrical appliances have failed and Dr. Sanden _ has ©
cured simply because of this scientific application of his Belt, which Is „
known only to Dr. Sanden. _ ■• . _
® Young man. in Justice to yourself, knowing that this continual wast* (a
«v of vital strength will in time ruin your constitution, and seeing the wonder- <g
ful cures being accomplished by the Dr. Sanden Electric Belt, you must help
® yourself. Thousands of yoiing men who were on the road to destruction by CS
rs\ ? this drain have been restored to perfect physical health by this means, and ®
W so can you. Attend to it to-day; do not put it off. Send for Dr. Sanden s
® book. "Three Classes of Men." It is free. Call and test this wonderful Belt. ®
® Call or address ©
® DR. A. T. SANDEN, not in drug stores. ®
® 708 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San FrandMJ. — — - _ ;• ®
©■ Offlce^our .8a. t m to I p.m.: Sunday, ,lo tJ^TSSSi '^SS?*^ ®
® g-Jh 88/B B /o a a n d^ : '^oASS-^^^ilSS Or y orn a e; elln ' aKeDt " ; ° " 2
© ton street; Denver. Colo.. 9JI Sixteenth street; at our ornce. ______*. @
@ Dallas. Tex.. 286 Main street. * ' ~~ ~ ! ~~ « g
®® fi) ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® © ® ® © ®® ®®©®©®@®®®®®®®®®<2
KNIGHT DRAWS
OUT OF THE
COONEY CASE
Says the Proceedings
Are Farcical.
JUDGE WALLACE SURPRISED
NEVERTHELESS THE CASE IS
NOT CONTINUED.
General Belief That the Fair Heirs
Are Not Disposed to Prose
cute the Notary
Public.
When the case of ex-Notary James J.
Cooney, charged with perjury in connec
tion with the Fair-Craven deeds, was
called in Judge Wallace's court yesterday
morning George A. Knight, attorney for
Charles A. Fair, created somefHing of a
sensation by announcing that he would
have nothing more to do with the case,
as he believed that it was a farce.
It has been the general belief for some
time that there was butjittle if any dis
position on the part of the Fair heirs
to prosecute the notary, and it has even
been given out that they would be glad
to have the case dismissed. When the
case was called last Assistant District
Attorney Hinkle asked a continuance
in order that he might confer with
District Attorney Barnes. Hinkle an
nounced yesterday morning that Barnes
would not consent to a dismissal, and
the case was begun.
Before the jury was drawn Attorney
Knight announced his withdrawal. His
statement to the effect that he believed
the trial nothing but a farce was not
tasteful to Judge Wallace, ana when the
latter took exception to it the attorney
repeated his charge. "I am convinced."
tie paid, "that the District Attorney's of
nce will not be able to secure a conviction
and I do not propose to be connected with
a, farcical prosecution."
Cooney's case is a peculiar one in many
ways. He was arrested for perjury dur
ing the trial of the Angus-Craven case. .
The pencil deeds which figured in the
celebrated case purported to have been
acknowledged before Cooney by Senator
Pair. These deeds were adjudged to be
forged. The reluctance of the Fair peo
ple to proseciite the notary is said to be
due to the fact that they believe he was
merely a tool, and as they have been un
able to locate the principals they are un
willing to punish him. Nettie Craven, it
is said, will be a witness for Cooney in
this trial.
When an adjournment was taken at
noon the following jurors had been ac
cepted: Charles H. Hahn, 2128 Howard
street; M. J. Kelly, 1513^5 Mission street;
J. E. Gallagher, U3l Treat avenue; John
G. Costlen, 414 Clayton street; William
H. Tilson, 613 Folsom street; N. Nason,
3528 Twenty-second street; P. A. Smith,
616 Fourth street; M. Burns, 1929 Oak
street, and Matthew Culllgan, 717 O'Far
rell street.
MEDICAL TEST OF HYPNOTISM.
A remarkably successful test of the
value of hypnotism as a medical agent
was made in Bellevue Hospital of New
York recently.
Willie McCabe, four years old, of 532
East Seventy-sixth street, since New-
Year's day has been saving his pennies
to buy a bicycle. He went with his
mother Monday morning and grot it.
He had several severe falls that day,
and went to bed feverish.
At the breakfast table Willie talked
in a rambling way, fell on the floor, and
had several terrible convulsions. A po
liceman sent an ambulance from Belle
vue Hospital. Dr. Barbour gave the
boy morphine. The drug had no effect.
Dr. Carey, chief of the medical staff,
decided to try hypnotism.
"Willie! Willie!" shouted Dr. Carey.
"Now watch my fingers," said Dr.
Carey, holding the index finger of each
hand close to the boy's face and quietly
urging him all the time to keep his eyes
fastened upon them. Willie did as he
was told for five minutes. Then Dr.
Carey lowered his fingers.
"Now, Willie," said the doctor, "all
your pain is gone, and you will be able
in a moment to ride your bicycle."
The effect of the suggestion was mar
velous. The tense muscles relaxed. The
boy straightened his body to a normal
position, and a smile took the place of.
his expression of torture.
"Now, Willie," said Dr. Carey, firmly,
"it is time to go to sleep."
The eyes drowsily closed, and in less
than ten minutes from the beginning
of the experiment every symptom of
pain had vanished, and the boy fell into
a deep slumber.
"The boy should be able to leave the
hospital to-day," said Dr. Barbour.
"This is a remarkably quick cure for
this malady. It lasts ordinarily for
weeks."— Chicago Tribune.
56
TUESDAY ../■ October 4, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKEJManager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Strzet
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) 13
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE y'v-- • 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl££« Hou«o
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquettc Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- |
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market |
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 |
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh, ,
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMDStMENTS,
?n!d*rln— "The Last Word."
Baldwin Theater— Poddle Robs, Thursday afternoon.
Columbia— -True to Life"
Alcazar— "ln Mlrzoura "
Morocco's- "The Runaway Wife '
Tlvoll-' 1 The Bohemian Girl."
Orphecra— Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater—" The Slpnal of Liberty."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville,
lhe Chutes— Pletro Marino. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Uympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets— Speclaltle.
Central Park— Circus. Saturday, October 15.
Rosenthal— Comlnir In February.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Frtterfield-This day, October i, Saloon and
Furniture, at 27 Pacific street, at 11 o'elocfc.
By Easton, Eidruige & (o —Wednesday, October 6, Works of
Art, at Maple Room, Palace Hotel, ai '.'.ami 7:50 p-m.
FAILED AS A LEADER.
WHEN Mayor Phelan went into office there
was a general feeling that a high-toned gen
tleman had reached the executive chair. Even
those who had opposed him were willing to wait be
fore giving a verdict as to his worth.
Mayor Phelan has been a disappointment. In no
particular has he fulfilled the promise held out in the
beginning to gratify friends and reconcile foes. His
official career, in the light of present knowledge, is a
long series of mistakes. It has been found that he
virtually appointed every man in municipal office.
He named the Supervisors and the members of the
Board of Education. This fact is enough to con
demn him.
From the first the record of the Supervisors has
been one of shame. The way in which they dallied
with the water company stamped them as an aggrega
tion where rogues were in the majority. When the
Mayor, disgusted with his own, attempted to oust
them, he adopted illegal means, which defeated the
object in view. The Supervisors have permitted the
construction of the new municipal building to drag.
The} f have granted extensions of time to contractors
who should long ago have forfeited the contract, and
were the same Supervisors to continue in power there
is every reason to suppose these contractors could
have ten years, or a thousand, if they asked for it.
But the record of the School Board has been worse.
They had hardly assumed power before they had sad
dled the people of this city with a lot of useless text
books, some of these verging upon idiocy in their
degree of nselesstvess. Some of the members have
been accused of accepting bribes, and there is every
reason except that of actual conviction to believe the
charges well founded. There has been stealing in the
department such as should send the guilty to the
penitentiary, and there have been hired teachers for
whose services there is no demand. In fact, the de
partment has from the first reeked with scandal, and
it still reeks.
When the fact is remembered that both of these
august bodies were made up of the selections of
Mayor Phelan, a doubt naturally arises as to his fit
ness. Yet the Mayor presumes this year to pick out
a committee of 100, and ostensibly to place in its
hands all the power of the party. We say "osten
sibly" because the whole power rests with the Mayor.
The committee is an idle farce; it is Phelan. When
the Mayor has made such an abject failure of his for
mer selections why should he be intrusted with
authority to name the ticket from top to bottom?
We do not know, and are asking for information.
That we have no confidence in the ticket hardly needs
saying.
It is no wonder that members of this committee
protest and declare they will vote for Patton. It is
no wonder that the Non-Partisans are feeling that
in being cajoled into indorsement of Phelan they
were swindled. They know that the purpose of their
organization did not require them to espouse the
cause of any candidate until his opponent should
have been named, and they resent the imposition.
Phelan will hear from the Non-Partisans on election
day, and the tidings will not please him. while if he
thinks his committee of 100 so hoodwinked as to vote
for him he will be fooled by several.
Two Oakland boys who confessed to petty lar
ceny have been exempted from punishment on the
understanding that they would enlist in the navy.
Judge Ogden was the jurist to arrive at this remark
able conclusion. We agree with the Report that he
should be ashamed of himself. The American nation
takes pride in its navy and does not desire it to be
made a refuge for rogues and rascals. The young
scamps from Oakland are not of the material to up
hold the high standard the navy has set. They should
be promptly rejected. To accept them would be an
Insult to the brave men who fought at Manila or
chased the fleet of Cervera at Santiago.
There is a rumor that the Spanish will refuse to re
linquish the Philippines. This ought to cause the gal
lant Seventh to be less in a hurry to get back to pri
vate life. The members have been pining for a scrap.
There seems to be no hurry on the part of the
Spanish to get out of Cuba. Perhaps the adminis
tration is equal to the task of devising some method
of causing them to get a move.
Talking about hustling the Spanish troops out of
Cuba, and then saying they will all be out by the
first of January gives a new and thoroughly Spanish
idea of the term "hustle."
Happily the crisis in China does not concern the
United States as intimately as it does some other
countries, and we have a Dewey near the spot.
A Cincinnati paper gravely states that the Oregon
and Olympia were built In Portland. For its infor
mation we will state that they were not.
TREASON OF THE BULLETIN.
THERE is nothing surprising in the fact that the
Bulletin is a traitor. Professing to be a Repub
lican paper, its support is for sale to any deluded
candidate who will buy. So notorious is its venality
that indorsement from it is worse than v.orthless, and
the purchaser finds himself in possession of a gold
brick but thinly gilded.
Just what the terms may be on which the Bulletin
supports Phelan is not a matter of particular interest.
But it is a remarkable circumstance that a man
deemed of sufficient intelligence to be Mayor of San
Francisco should have yielded to so palpable a bunko
game. The Bulletin does not throw its supposed in
fluence to any candidate until it has gone through the
formality of a business proceeding.
Immediately after the nomination of Patton he was
called on by a representative of the Bulletin, who
wanted to "do business." The matter got nc farther.
Mr. Patton is not buying the untrammeled opinion of
great journalists, and as a shrewd business man he
knows that even were such a course legitimate the
Bulletin has no influence.
It will be remembered that two years ago the Bul
letin demanded $5000 for supporting the Republi
can ticket. Neither has it been forgotten that within
a year it swindled the business community by the
most shameless confidence scheme a daily paper ever
undertook. Because of these things it is not held in
high esteem, and its support cannot be considered de
sirable. It is a sheet without character and without
influence save of a negative sort. Therefore its edi
torial approval may be regarded as a calamity. And
now, in addition to his other woes, the misguided
Mayor has secured it. We do not approve of Mayor
Phelan. We do not regard him as a reformer nor his
expressions of love for political purity sincere, and
yet we realize he has good points, and would willing
ly have seen him escape the woe of a Bulletin in
dorsement.
While the prospect of defeating the Phelan am
bition is pleasing, The Call and other respectable
journals who view it with satisfaction do not wish the
aid of the Bulletin now made certain. This is a re
spectable contest. The decent papers and the decent
people who hope to see Phelan defeated demur at the
idea that such a bogus editorial output as the Bulle
tin's should be sold to .an unsophisticated dictator
and guileless custodian of jobs.
AFRAID TO SPEAK FOR SILVER.
IX what speech since his campaign opened has
Maguire made an argument for the free coinage of
silver at 16 to i?
He is the candidate of three parties which fused on
silver and nothing but silver. It is'the sole and single
issue upon which they are agreed and upon which
they found common action possible. It is the sole
and only issue upon which the free silver Republicans
cut their connection with their original party. They
are protectionists. They are supporters of the general
policies of McKinley's administration. They indorsed
the President in their platform. They nominated
Maguire on free silver only, and he appeared in their
convention and accepted their nomination and their
platform issue of free silver. But he has been on the
stump for weeks and has said nothing consequential
in favor of silver.
The Populists and free silver Republicans seem to
have been bunkoed. If ever free silver needed a de
fense this is the time. But it is abandoned by the
New York Democracy, and is only slightly flirted
with by that party in several States, with the evident
intention of dropping it when its power to catch
votes is lost.
In 1896 Judge Maguire joined its other advocates
in declaring that the only means of rescue of the
people was by free silver at 16 to 1. The inexorable
logic of events has proved them to have been wrong.
The policies of the Republican party, by restoring
confidence, have restored a degree of prosperity which
seemed impossible in the hard years of 1894, 1895 and
1896.
To show the extent of this restoration we take the
following market reports and prices from the Omaha
World-Herald, of which Mr. Bryan was the editor in
1896, and on whose free transportation he was riding
on the Southern Pacific road on his visit to Califor
nia last year, and -whose proprietor, Mr. Hitchcock,
is the Populist fusion candidate for Congress in the
Omaha district.
The World-Herald market report makes the. fol
lowing showing for 1806 and 1808:
July 10, *'" July 10, '98.
Bar silver, N. V $ .6871 $-.58%
Beef steers 4.15 4.82%
Cows 3.00 . 4.15
Heifers 3.00 4.50
Calves 5.00 6.25
Bulls 2.90 3.60
Stags 2.90 4.00
Btockers and feeders 3.55 4.65
Hogs 3.15 3.85
Stock sheep 3.25 4.37%
Veal 06% .09
Cheese 09% .10%
Green hides, No. 1 04 .07%
Green hides, No. 2 03 .05
Dry hides 09 .14
Sheep pelts, green 40 .75
Tallow 02% .02%
Wool, unwashed, heavy 07 .15
Wool, unwashed, light 09 .18
Wool, tub washed 7* .18 .30
Wheat, Nebr. and Dak 53 .70
Wheat, No. 3 50 .68
Rye 30 .40
Flax seed 74 1.35
Flour, best 1.85 2.60
Flour, second 1.70 2.30
Corn, oar lots ; 18 .28
Oats, car lots 15 .27
Bran, ton 8.00. 9.00
. Chop 9.00 10.00
Middlings, ton : 9.00 12.00
Linseed meal 17.00 24.00
Chicago markets:
No. 2 red wheat I .56% $ .75
No. 2 cash corn.-. 26% .32%
No. 2 white oats 18 .23>4
Now, we ask all men whose minds are open to rea
son, is there any reason in these reports of prices,
taken from Mr. Bryan's own paper, for a return to
the conditions of 1806? If politics and parties have
! an economic influence on the welfare of the people,
what present inducement is there for a change? Is
it not plain common sense to let well enough alone?
The above list from the World-Herald covers the
great staples which the farmer produces. Let us look
at some of the staples which he has to buy, and
others.
These quotations are taken from the New York
market reports:
July 1. '96. July 1, '98.
Nails, wire, keg ..$ 2.80 $ 1.65
Tlnplate 3.65 . 2.80
Coal, hard 4.25 3.75
Coke 2.00 1.50
Phosphates, ton 5.25 5.00
Lumber, yellow pine 17.00 13.00
Steel rails . 28.00 - 20.00
Quinine, ounce 30 .20
Print cloths 02% .02
Sheeting cotton 04% .04
In 1896 our exports of gold exceeded our imports
of gold by $78,884,882. In 1897 the balance turned in
our favor and we imported $44,653,200 more gold than
we exported. In 1898, up to September i, our gold
imports exceeded our gold exports by $104,085,283.
We make no argument that in this Government
party control may not be safely and wholesomely
changed. But when Judge Maguirc makes the sole
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
claim that his election is necessary to the material
prosperity of the people, we demand that he answer
specifically and state plainly how and when and where
his success as a fusion candidate is going to further
improve the conditions which have so rapidly im
proved since the same fusion was beaten in 1896.
THE rank and file of the local Democracy can
scarcely "point with pride" hereafter to the rec
ord made by their first appointed municipal con
vention. The Committee of One Hundred comprised
substantially all the dissenting Democrats of the city.
For years these gentlemen have been clamoring for
good government and demanding the overthrow of
the bosses. Many people have been led to believe
that they were not pursuing the offices, but really
were in favor of a pure and undefilcd administration
of the law. Doubtless the Democratic State Commit
tee in appointing them took this view of their mo
tives.
But these "reformers" are now all on record. As
members of the Committee of One Hundred they
have worked from the hour of their selection to get
the offices. First, in defiance of the authority con
ferred upon them they resolved themselves into a mu
nicipal nominating convention; second, in pursuance
of a plan to nominate themselves to office they vio
lated a resolution forbidding the formation of job
chasing combinations; third, they bartered away
everything in the shape of patronage to their relatives
or friends in a vain endeavor to form a political ring
which will carry the election. Mayor Phelan as their
boss has even nominated a man for Tax Collector
who will give them control of the Election Commis
sion.
Among the members of the Committee of One
Hundred who have nominated themselves for office
are the following: Auditor, John H. Grady; City
Attorney, Franklin K. Lane; Treasurer, M. Green
blatt; Superintendent of Schools, James Denman;
Superintendent of Streets, R. P. Doolan; Super
visors, L. de F. Bartlett, Lewis B. Byington, T. B.
W. Leland. Charles A. Clinton; School Director, T.
J. Lyons; State Senate, John F. Twigg and P. J.
McCormick. Besides these A. A. Cavagnaro, brother
of one of the committeemen, has been nominated for
School Director. Numerous attorneys in the body
are said to have secured the patronage of the various
offices for themselves, and other committeemen have
enforced pledges which will bring to them personally
the fat berths within the gift of the Supervisors and
other officials.
Moreover, as is the custom with political bosses^
Mayor Phelan vented some of his personal spites by
means of the power usurped by his job-chasers. He
turned down William Broderick, the best Auditor the
city has ever had, because he has not been able to
control his official action. Although loud advocates
of civil service reform, the committee refused Public
Administrator Freese a renomination. His place was
awarded to a personal friend and adherent of Mayor
Phelan, thus showing that the latter is a civil service
reformer only when his own machinists are bene
ficiaries of the principle.
It is barely possible that these facts are going to
escape the attention of the people of this city and that
they will in ignorance vote these Democratic con
spirators into office, but until events prove this we
may be pardoned for expressing our doubts. But
whatever happens one thing is now thoroughly set
tled: The Democratic "reformers" of the Phelan-
McNab-Barry type are unmasked. In fact, they have
unmasked themselves. Instead of being out for "good
government" they are out for the offices. Their ob
jections to municipal management in the past have
been founded upon nothing except a desire to do the
managing themselves. They are not reformers but
job-chasers.
AS THE BRITISH SEE IT.
AMERICAN elections are more or less interest
ing to the British, and they, are particularly so
when questions of trade and finance are in
volved as in the present one. Consequently what is
now going on in the campaign is attracting a good
deal of attention there. As they view the situation
the most salient feature of the contest between the
parties is that of a possible revival of the free silver
agitation with a resulting disturbance of business.
The National Review, the leading organ of the bi
metallists in Great Britain, concedes that the outlook
for free silver in this country is by no means bright.
Maurice Low, who furnishes for it the monthly re
view of American affairs, says in a recent contribu
tion to its pages:
"So long as the Republican party remains in power
silver is an impossibility, and a revival of the silver
agitation in iooo as violent as that which we saw
in 1896 cannot, in my opinion, occur. Silver is
weaker — much weaker — to-day than it was two years
ago, and as silver has declined the sentiment in favor
of adhering to the existing gold standard has cor
respondingly increased. Mr. Bryan's star reached its
ascendant at the time of his nomination, since then
it has been steadily falling."
The London Statist, on the other hand, while rec
ognizing that the silver movement is for the time
being weak and ineffective, points out that unless
the supporters of sound money are vigilant and
prompt to profit by the advantage of the present sit
uation, the movement may revive. It says:
"It is to be recollected that in two years more the
Presidential election will have to be fought. Nobody
can tell what changes may take place before then,
and it is at least possible that Mr. Bryan may come
forward again, with better chances than now seem
probable. That is no reason why the sound-money
party should not bestir itself without delay to take ad
vantage of the good times and the enthusiasm aroused
by the war to put the currency in an absolutely safe
condition."
The view taken by the Statist is undoubtedly cor
rect. The time hns come to settle the money ques
tion once and for all. The present House of Repre
sentatives is strongly in favor of sound money. The
hold of the silverites on the Senate is weakening. If
the supporters of the gold standard and a wise bank
ing system exercise due vigor in the elections, the
coming Congress can be counted on to put our cur
rency on an absolutely safe basis and assure the
financial prosperity of the people.
According to the stones told by volunteers re
turned from Cuba the Spanish there were guilty of such
treachery as naturally tends to destroy faith in the
diplomacy of that country-
It would be a pity were that grand old man of Ver
mont, Morrill, to retire from the Senate. His bur
den should be made light and his honors continue to
the end.
Frenchmen keep on having duels over the Dreyfus
case. These affairs lend to a tragic episode a divert
ing element of comedy.
Spain seems to forget that she has been warring,
and to think any concession she may make will be
in the nature of a favor.
PHELfIN'S JOB - CHASERS.
MAGUIRE'S WORK ON
THE FUNDING BILL
Some Interesting correspondence has
passed recently between George W. Mon
teith and James G. Maguire, the fused
candidate for Governor. Mr. Monteith
has openly announced his intention not
to vote for Mr. Maguire. while support
ing the Populist-Democratic ticket gen
erally. In an interview yesterday Mr.
Monteith said:
"It is true that I am not supporting
James G. Maguire for Governor, and I
have no hesitation in giving my reasons.
When I went to Sacramento last July
I had given the political situation but lit
tle study, having been engrossed for
some time with the Railroad Commission
case. I represented Marin County, and
being alone cast her four votes. On my
arrival there I found a strong faction
that wanted to nominate Magutre and
make a fusion arrangement, and one, per
haps stronger, that was opposed to all
fusion and that wanted a straight ticket.
Most of the latter faction favored Mr.
Shanahan for Governor. Between these
two there were some delegations who
were undetermined, but who leaned to
ward a straight ticket. Some of these
wanted me to be the nominee, and It is
possible they could have forced it. I did
not want it, and refused to go Into the
race.
"What I did want above all else was to
make a clean anti-railroad fight, and while
opposed to fusion on any other ground
favored it simply as a means to accom
plish the end of the railroad's domina
tion of the government of this State.
"As to Maguire, while I had always be
lieved In and warmly supported him, I
had strong personal reasons for opposing
him. These, however, I was entirely will
ing to put aside in case he was the man
to lead the battle against the monopoly.
I did not for a moment doubt his sin
cerity as an anti-railroad leader, and upon
thinking it over linally concluded tuat
he was the one man to take the lead.
"At that time I was ignorant of what
I have since learned was his action on
the refunding measure which passed Con
gress as a rider upon the deficiency bill.
"That proposition was embodied in an
amendment to tl»e general deficiency bill,
offered by Senator Morgan in the Senate
on June 29 -last, with unanimous con-
Bent, both White and Perkins being pres
ent, and passed with an amendment of
fered by White the same day.
"The amendment was further amended
by Judge Barham in the House, and pass
ed thai body July 5 or 6.
"The Populist convention met July 12,
so the Congressional Keeord did not reach
California until after Mugulre was nom
inated. 1 had only scan the meager ac
count in the newspapers, and like many
others supposed that Huntington had
finally won the tight by a nick. Maguire
hud opposed it, and I, in common with
every one else here, thought it was a bad
. measure, and that he had done all he
could to defeat it.
On Maguire's return, shortly before the
Democratic convention, he denounced It
unqualifiedly, and at the same time bit
terly attacked Senator Morgan, then in
Honolulu, who, he intimated, had sur
rendered to Huntlngton. He also severe
ly criticised Congressman Barham, who
replied to him in an open letter, pub
lished August 14, and to which Maguire
made a rejoinder on August 15. Barham's
statement and Maguire's reply 1 did not
read until the Sunday after I returned
from the Democratic convention in Sac
ramento, when my attention was called
to both by my wife. I then looked up
Maguire's Bpeech, and concluded that
something was wrong.
As soon as I could get away I went
over to Oakland, where 1 got a copy of the
Congressional Record from a club over
there located on Washington street. The
following Sunday 1 made a careful exam
ination of the Record and much to my
surprise found that, if Muguire's asser
: tion was true that the Morgan amend
i nient was such an infamous surrender
to Huntington as he claimed it was, he
appeared to be morally particeps crim
inls to the infamy by not stopping it, as
1 it was apparent he could have done so.
There were some matters involved in
'■ more or less doubt that might have been
In his favor, and so I concluded to write
! and ask him about them, thinking he
' would have no hesitation In answering
them. I wrote him this letter on August
31st:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 31. 1898.
James G. Magulre— Dear Sir: 1 have been
examining the .Cong regional Record lately with
reference to the funding proposition whloh
I passed Congress as a rider upon the deficiency |
l bill. I have also read your speech delivered j
! on your return, Mr. liarham's statement and
your reply to it, and, to be frank with you.
It looks to me as though you had not fulfilled
! your duty in the premises. However, as I do
', not want to do you any injustice, 1 would like
to a.-^k you a lew questions concerning some
i matters that I would like to hear your side of.
I The amendment came before the Senate June
r.\ and Senator Morgan stated that it had the
unanimouß approval of the Pacllic Railroad
Committee. From the Record it would seem
that you knew of the proposition before June |
; 29. and it also appears that you attended some
; conference at which this matter was discussed.
Upon this part ot the niatter I would like to
ask you the following questions:
First— Did you know of the Morgan amend
ment or of his intention to offer some kind of
an amendment or bill upon the subject prior
to June 29?
nd— Did you discuss th« matter with Sen
ator White on or prior to June 2a?
Third— When did you obtain the first intima
tion or information that the refunding proposi
tion would come up in any form In June or
July last?
Fourth— Did you attend any conference at
which the refunding proposition was discussed,
either as Senator Morgan offered it or as It was
proposed to offer it for the consideration of
either house of Congress in the session just
closed?
Fifth— When you received the first intimation
you had that the refunding niatter waa to
come up either in the form !t did or In any
other form, did you notify the committee of
fifty or any other of the interested parties here,
or did you give the item to the newspapers,
and, If so, when and how soon after you first
learned of It? '
Sixth — Did you make any effort to get any |
Senator to prevent the matter being tacked on
to the deficiency bill by making the solitary
objection that was necessary?
Seventh— What did you do to prevent action
In the Senate, If anything?
As I understand your position It Is this: That
the only opportunity you had to have a vote
upon the bill thut would determine the senti
ment of the House was the final vote upon the
motion «f Mr. Cannon to concur. Under the
circumstances It was clearly your duty and
| the duty of every other California Congressman
to exhaust every possible remedy known to
parliamentary tactics to have prevented the
pamn of that infamous measure. That being
true, if you failed to do anything which might
have been done you were derelict. You claim,
1 believe, that under the rules of the House
there was nothing which you could have done
to have prevented that refunding proposition
becoming a law except to have beaten it upon
llnal vote. I think you are wrong in this par
ticular, but as you are more familiar with the
rules than I am I will ask you one c two
questions upon that point.
i 'n page 7463 of the Record appears a colloquy
between yourself and Cannon, after whi.-h the
conference report was adopted without any ob
jection from you. Could you not at this point
that is, before the motion was made to adopt
the report, or as a substitute for the report,
have made a motion that the conference report
be rejected and a further conference be re
quested under Instructions, whereby the House
j would inform the Senate that it would recede
I frum all Us points of difference contained In the
report, saving that relating to amendment num
ber 30, and that the House would not concur In
that amendment?
Would not such a motion or something similar
to It have been In order and could it not have
been utilized both to debate the question and to
determine the sentiment of the House at that
time? In other words, upon the presentation
of the conference report, on July 6, could you
not have taken such action as would have
enabled you to have discussed and beaten the
proposition before you got into the tangle into
which Mr. Cannon so craftily led you?
It seems to me that the moment you let this
opportunity slip you placed yourself at his
mercy and lost the battle the people of Califor
nia have been fighting for six years.
. I am giving thin matter a very careful exam
ination and intend shortly to publish the result
of my investigation and 1 will be frank and
tell you that sn far as I have examined It It
has been a complete revelation to me. Indeed,
1 am stunned when I realize what it all means!
In the Congressional Record of August I ap
pears your speech upon that debate, and my
undemanding is that only a portion of It was
actually delivered and that the letters and tele
grams on page 7776 and the resolution of the
Legislature were not actually read In the de
bate. Am I right or wrong about this? I should
esteem it a favor If you will answer these ques
tions, and do not want to resolve the mat
ters they contain against you unless compelled
to do so by your refusal to answer the ques
tions.
You. of couraft, understand that since I with
drew from the fusion arrangement I am
not supporting your candidacy for Governor a
matter which you will doubtless regard as of
no especial moment, but which I mention
merely to show you that I am not writing you
from the standpoint of one of your supporters
When we gave you the Populist nomination iii
Sacramento we were sadly deceived as to some
very important matters— a matter I do not care
; to discuss at this time, but will take it ud in
detail later on.
Trusting that you will find it agreeable to
give me the Information I seek, I remain,
respectfully yours,
P. S.— Have you any objection to sending me
a marked copy of your speech of July 5, with
those portions marked which were added after
the debate, as it Is very important for those
of us who arp Interested in this matter to know
exactly what you said when you were engaged
in making this fight.
He sent me this reply the same day:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 31, 1898.
George W. Montt-lth Esq.— Dear Sir: Your
letter of this date Is at hand.
I must decline to enter Into any personal con
troversy with you concerning the matters there
in discussed. Your suggestion that an objection
made by me, or by any member of Congress,
would have rendered it Impossible for the
House to reach a vote on the general defi
ciency bill, embodying appropriations for over
if war deficiencies, as well as the
Pacific Railroad refunding provision, is so ab
surd as to be irrational. The party In con
trol of the House can, at any time, through
its committee on rule?, bring any proposition
up for <fcmslderatlon and action. Respectfully,
JAMES G. MAGUIBB.
His letter was both insulting and evas
ive. I sought no controversy; simply
wanted facts. Then he proceeds to an
swer a question 1 did not cLsk and a prop
osition not involved in my letter. I
neither said nor intimated that his ob
jection "would have rendered it impossi
ble for the House to reach a vote on the
general deficiency bill." He first puts up
that man of straw, and then knocks him
down. What I do claim is that if Ma
guire had sincerely wanted to he could
nave prevented the Morgan amendment
becoming a law, and if he denies that
proposition I will take the affirmative of
it and debate it with him before any au
dience in the State and stand or fall upon
my ability to prove it.
However, although I thought his reply
discourteous and uncivil, nevertheless I
concluded to overlook his want of good
manners and make another effort to get
the facts, so 1 wrote this letter:
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 5, IS3B.
James O. Maguire Esq.— Dear Sir: Your let
ter of August 31 was received during my ab
sence from the city, and I will once more ad
dress you upon the subject. If you would read
over my letter of August 31 you will see that
there Is no purpose to enter Into what you are
pleased to term a personal controversy. I sim
ply asked you a few questions which I had a
perfect right to ask of any gentleman under
similar circumstances, and which I had a per
tei i right to expect would be answered in the
same spirit in which they were asked, which
was simply the desire to know the facts. You
are a public man, seeking" a high office, you
have been a public servant for a number of
years, and the questions which I asked cer
tainly affect your standing before the public.
When I wrote the letter I was impressed with
the idea that if the impression I had formed
from reading the Congressional Record was
erroneous, your natural sense of justice
would lead you to warmly welcome an oppor
tunity to put yourself right by promptly and
unequivocally denying the propositions Involved
in those questions. I told you frankly that it
was my purpose to exploit this whole funding
bill question. There is a feeling abroad among
the people that you did not fill the fullest
measure of your duty upon that occasion, and
I secured the Congressional Record and made
a careful examination of all it contains. In
addition to that, I considered in evidence the
Utter of Judge Barham of August 14, your re
ply upon August lo and your speech at Metro
politan Hall delivered on your return from the
East, From the Congressional debate I gather
the impression that you knew of the Morgan
proposition before It was offered in the Senate,
and if that la true you certainly had notice of
the matter in time to have sounded the alarm
In California. Then I have been unable to
ascertain that you ever sent any information
here to those of us who were interested in the
fight, or did anything to enable us to have
stirred up a determined opposition to this
matter.
From the Congressional Record it appears
that you and Senator White were in full ac
cord upon this question, and if so you were
equally responsible with him for the action
in tne Senate, where a single Senator's objec
tion would have killed Morgan's amendment.
In your public statements you have acknowl
edged that the Barham amendment so sugar
coated the bill that a number of Republicans
swallowed it who would have otherwise been
against it enough, you admit, to have beaten
it, and your objection would have killed Bar
ham's amendment, leaving the bill In an un
paiatable condition, that would have insured
enough opposition to have beaten it, as it pased
by but ten votes. You excuse your failure to
object of this critical moment upon the plea
that you did not then know the temper of the
House, and had no way to ascertain It. As
against that position, we find in the Record
the fact that you permitted the conference re
port to be adopted without objection, when
you could at that time, and before Barham's
amendment was offered, have precipitated a
debate, which If your own estimate of the sit
uation is true, would have resulted In its de
feat, at least It would have enabled you to
have determined the standing of the House
upon the question wlthou* the matter being
complicated by Barham's amendment. One of
the questions I asked you related to the parll
mentary situation at that stage, and of course
you are open to one avenue of escape, which Is,
that they outgeneraled you, and you didn't
sufficiently understand the procedure of the
House to have enabled you to take advantage
of the situation. Unnn that point would rise
the question of your bona fides In the case
and we might be influenced In Its determina
tion by what you said on the floor of the
House. The speech printed In the Congressional
Record, which you obtained leave to print,
Is. I understand, a different speech from the
one actually delivered. That Is of course a
right which Congressmen assume, but one
that Is hardly expedient to exercise at a criti
cal moment, when every argument of any
weight should be advanced before rather than
after the vote Is taken, provided, of course,
that the pur, o?e of the argument is to influ
ence the vote on the bill, rather than to secure
the applause of a confiding constituency. This
will explain why I asked you the questions con
tained in my former letter, and I think If you
will calmly consider the matter that you will
find that It would be much better to answer
the questions In detail. It will not take long
to do so, and if you will answer them fairly
and frankly, and If your course has been a
proper one. they will settle the whole matter
in your favor.
I know that you feel unfriendly toward me,
but this is not a question of friendship, but
one of good faith, and one In which any per
sonal feelings we may have should be wholly
eliminated. The facts are all I ask, and you
surely do not wish to place yourself In the un
fortunate position of refusing to state them,
when their statement can do no harm, but may
ili i ymi much good.
Will you not then kindly look over my former
letter and give me a frank answer to each of
the questions, and I will assure you that I
will deal justly and fairly with you, which Is
my only purpose In this matter. We have,
many of us, despite our personal feelings,
given you our fullest and highest measure of
confidence, and it would be an awful thing
to find out now that that confidence has been
misplaced. I cannot believe that we could
have made so great a blunder, and it is pos
sible that the ill-feeling that may exist be
tween you and myself may be the reason that
you refuse to answer my questions, and giv
ing you the benefit of the doubt I now appeal
to "«u to put aside any personal feeling you
may have, and put me right If I am wrong.
Very truly yours.
This letter Magnire never answered,
and, as I understand, refuses to answer.
I talked it over with John P. Dunn, and
lj.e urged me not to publish the corre-
Bpeadence as Mr. Hutchison want.'J to
talk it over with me. Hutchison, who is
a good friend of mine, afterward talked
with me about it. and I showed it to him
and told him if Maguire would truthfully
and satisfactorily answer those questions
I would heartily support him. Hutchison
thought he could get him to do so, but
up to this time has not succeeded.
I saw Senator Morgan the other day
and had a long talk with him about It.
He was very much surprised to learn that
MaguLre had questioned his motives in
the matter. He said that he was fully
satisfied with the measure Under the cir
cumstances, and would stand on his rec
ord, and very sarcastically remarked that
if Maguire could Ret elected Governor by
running him (Morgan) down he guessed
he could stand it; he even thought that
as a good Democrat he, perhaps, ought to
be willing to suffer that much to get a
Democratic Governor elected in Califor
nia.
Senator Morgan then carefully explained
to me the whole situation. He said he
and Maguire never had agreed upon the
proper way to treat the Pacific railroads.
Magulre always favored foreclosure In the
courts, while ho (Morgan) favored legis
lative action whereby The Government
would seize and operate the roads on the
ground they were forfeited to the Gov
ernment when the owners became delin
quent. Foreclosure, the Senator said,
meant either the full payment, as was
done in the case of the Union Pacific, of
the debt to the Government, principal and
interest, or a long season of difficult and
perhaps doubtful litigation and under cir
cumstances where the railroad owners
would have a manifest advantage.
Senator Morgan said the reason he and
Maguire never agreed was simply because
he favored seizure and Maguire firmly ad
hered to foreclosure. When Maguire's
plan was followed in the case or the
I'nion Pacific a precedent in favor of a
cash settlement was established which
seemed to meet with general approval.
AVith that precedent in view he expected
that the owners of the Central Pacific
would do likewise, and that the Govern
ment would get its sixty millions In cash.
When he was finally assured of that fact
Senator Morgan consented to the settle
ment upon the condition that all the
money recovered from the Pacific rail
roads should be placed in trust to be
used for the construction of the Nicara
gua canal, and upon that basis the Sen
ate Pacific Railroads Committee came to
a unanimous agreement which is em
bodied in the amendment he offered to
the deficiency bill known as amendment
Senator Morgan said, furthermore, that
if Judge Maguire had asked him to with
hold the amendment so that the peoyle
of California could have a hearing in op
position to it he would undoubtedly have
done ko, and even if he had not, there
were plenty of Senators who would nayo
made the single objection needed. He
said it could have been easily stopped in
the Senate if Judge Maguire had mad©
the effort. , -
I asked the Senator if Maguire knew or
the matter before June 29, when it came
up in the Senate. He replied that he per
sonally had no conversation with Ma
i quire, but did talk it over with Senator
i White many times before then, and that
Maguire must have known about it. for it
waa under consideration at least twenty
days before it was offered. The amend
i ment, he said, was only in part his. It
: was, as Maguire certainly knew, before
I the Pacific Railroads Committee for
' months, but was not agreed to until Mor-
I gan's consent was obtained, and he gave
that only when convinced that the gov
ernment would get* every dollar of its
! money, and when the n-st of the commlt
j tee agreed to his proposition to use the
I money to construct the Nicaragua Canal.
I Morgan simply added that portion to it,
! and when it was all agreed on consented.
; to offer the proposition as amended by
himself as an amendment to the deficiency.
! bill. Senator Morgan's explanation puts
i an entirely different phase on the whole
matter and shows why Maguire is op
posed to getting into any "personal con
troversies."or any controversies at all, for
that matter.
Morgan is undoubtedly right in his po
sition that the Government has the pow
er to seize the road. He has been right
and Maguire wrong. Morgan realized that
the only way to kill the monopoly and
give the people of California relief was
by effective competition either through
Government ownership and operation or
the Pacific railroads or through the con
struction of the Nicaragua canal.
He wanted the Government to get
the railroad, Maguire wanted it to get the
cash. On the Morgan plan we would get
! just what every Populist in the land is
fighting for, viz.: Government owner
ship and operation at cost; and on the
Maguire plan the Government would get
sixty millions of dollars, which the rail
, road owners, as in the case of the Union
! Pacific, would water and add to their
| capitalization, and thus impose an ad
. dltional burden upon the people, who in
: freight and passenger rates would pay the
piper. By using the money to construct
the Nicaragua canal Senator Morgan haa
! found a way to mitigate tHe evil of tak
ing those railroads away from the peoDle,
I who could have had them if Senator Mor
1 gan, the best friend California ever had,
j could have had his way.
For these reasons I shall oppose tha
, election to the highest office in this State
I of the man who seeks to advance his can
! didacy by traducing the gray-haired o.d
:': ' hero, whose every act and every impulse
has been to rescue monopoly ridden Cali
: fornia from the domination of Collis ir".
j Huntlngton.
"Do you intend to oppose the whole fu
; sion ticket? " was asked of Mr. jion
! teith.
"Not by any means. I shall vote fo*
j Mr. Hutchison for Lieutenant Governor,
Maples for Controller and Runkel for
School Superintendent, who are Populists;
Judge Van Dyke and Judge Conley for
Supreme Judges, R. A. Thompson for Sec
: retary of State, Hinton for Railroad Com
! missioner and John P. Dunn for Board of
; Equalization. For Governor I shall write
! Shanahan's name on the ballot. I think
many Populists will cio the same, al
, though some will vote for Harriman, tne
I Socialist. The only thing Populists can
! consistently do is to support the antl
! railroad men everywhere, especially the
! fusion candidates Van Dyke and Coniey
1 for Supreme Judges and Hinton and Dry
| den for Railroad Commissioners, for theae
i are the vital points."
ANSWERS. TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE NEXT CENSUS— A. S., City. The
next census of the United States will be
taken in 1900. It is taken every ten years.
THE CHICAGO FIRE— J. E. R., City.
The great lire in the city of Chicago, 111.,
broke out on the night of the Sth of Octo
ber, 187 L
ART INSTITUTE— J. B. D., City. The
HopkfnS Institute of Art is open from 9
o'clock in the morning to' 5 o'clock in the
afternoon, and is free to the public on the
first Friday of each month. It is open
evenings only on the nights that exhibi
tions are held there.
COLONIAL, SCRIP— C. S. C, Santa
Rosa, Cal. "Colonial pcrip of the year
1779 for sixty Spanish milled dollars" has
no commercial value, and as a relic ia
worth only what one might be willing to
give for it, as such are not uncommon.
TRAINED NURSE— A Reader, City. If
you will call at the City and County Hos
pital or at the Children's Hospital you
will be given all the information requisite
to one who desires to become a trained
nurse, as at each place there is a training
school for nurses.
MRS. HEARST'S DONATIONS—En
quirer, Oakland, Cal. The donations by
Mrs. Phebe Hearst to the University of
California amount to a very large sum,
but the exact amount Is not given in the
list of donations. She at this time is con
tributing yearly to the maintaining of
twelve scholarships for girls.
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a*
Special Information supplied flatly to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 810 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Declared His Intentions. — Fond Mother-
Has Sig-nor Arturo, with whom you have
been dancing all the evening, at last <!••
clared his intentions?
"Yes, mamma."
"Thank goodness! What did he say?"
"He declared • - would never get "mar
ried."— Roxbury Gazette.
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BT USIN3
Acker's Dyspepsia Tablets. One little tablet
will give immediate relief or money refunde-1.
Sold In handsome tin boxes at No Percentag*
Pharmacy.
Angostura Bitters, the great regulator of the
digestive organs. Get the genuine. Dr. Sle
gert's, imported from South America.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
D. APPIETON AND COMPANY'S
NEW BOOKS.
David Harum.
A Story of American Life. By ED-
WARD NOYES WEST . OTT. 12mo,
Cloth, $1 50.
"The main character ought to become fa-
miliar to thousands of readers, and will proba-
bly take his place In time beside Joel Chandler
Harris" and Thomas Nelson Page's and Misa
Wilkins' creations."— Chicago Times-Herald
"We give Edward N'oyes Westcott his trus
place in American letters— placing him as a
humorist next to Mark Twain, as a master of
dialect above Lowell, as a descriptive writer
equal to Bret Harte, and. on the whole, ac a
novelist on a par with the best of those who
live and have their being in the heart of hearts
of American readers. If the author is dead-
lamentable fact— his book will live."— Philadel-
phia Item.
Spanish Literature.
By JAMES FITZ MAURICE-KELLY,
Member of the Spanish Academy.
A new volume in the Literatures of
the World series, edited by Ed-
mund Qosse. Uniform with "An-
cient Greek Literature," "French
Literature," "Modern English Lit-
erature," and "Italian Literature."
12mo. Cloth, $1 50.
"The introductory chapter has been written
to remind readers that the great figures of the
silver age — Seneca. Lucan, Martial, Quintlllan
— were Spaniards as well as Romans. It fur-
ther alms at tracing the stroan; of literature
from Its Roman fount to the channels of the
Gothic period; at defining the limits of Arabic
and Hebrew Influence on Spanish letters- at
refuting the theory which assumes the exlst-
: ence of Immemorial romances, and at explain-
ing the interaction between Spanish on the one
side and Provencal and French on the other
Spain's literature extends over some hundred
and fifty years, from the accession of Carlos
Quinto to the death of Felipe IV. This period
has been treated, as it deserves at greater
length than any other."— From the ' Preface.
These books are for sale by all booksellers-
or they will b* sent by mail, postpaid, on re-
ceipt of price by the publishers, '
D. APPLETON & COMPANY,
Si Fifth aye-, New Yort,GRAND JURORS
ARE NOW ON A
VERY HOT SCENT
Trailing School Solons
in Crooked Paths.
SMELL OF BOODLE NOTICED
*
INQUIRY PROMISED CONCERN
ING TEACHERS' PAYROLL.
The Jury Thinks That the Board
of Education Is in Need
of a Thorough In
vestigation.
The Grand Jury hold a special session
] a < t - 1001 Board
affairs. Testimony was heard on lum-
Ail of the members of the
tinance committee of the board had been
summoned to be present at the meeting
it they might give to the jury
n statement as to how they handled
5 matters relating to contracts. As
ned in The Call, the plain
tion is made that more lumber has
been charged for than was delivered.
A> a result of the Grand Jury's investi
gations, it la predicted by those on the
■ Beveral Indictments may be
retun nnection with the lumber
that the Board of Educa
e a round scoring fur the
oi iis business methods.
;-;, • ■ the board was
itively unobserved body, so far
as the general public*was concerned. The
devoting their attention to
sors and trying
s of iniquity es
: the contracts of tl
i ppy Impression pre\
: dl was very pr
nt and praisev
give 1
■ dge and that n<
the tn I had heai
I • ;;>ter.
mforting supposition
ng in
ty of scl
:• and the ever tin
■■ bills had scarcely found expres
twist
■ •:' the wrist, j-u . ■ ichers
ii it lengthened out In an astonlsh
■ manner.
r to at
attention to the matter, and the
members of the iard soon found
: criticism.
the Grand Jury, which was in Bes
.. ■ _ • that the School
gation on general
and promptly seized the first
□lent handle, which hnppened to be
imber contract. It is also proposed
,uire into any possible profit which
>:a\(-- accrued to members of the
from the recent wholesale additions
to the payroll of teachers.
n some talk of a deroga
tory nature concerning a school lot which
• r<t proposes to purchase on Bush
: ■'. but which is only worth
This rumor lacks substantiation
considered by the Grand
Jury. Thf-re are plenty of charges based
on tangible grounds.
MRS. A. J. FENNELL'S
CLAW IS DEFEATED
DECISION IN FAVO3 OF COLONEL
MABCEAU.
Hs Did Not Misappropriate Funds
Belonging to J. Allen Fiske,
the Plaintiff's Ward.
Mrs. Amanda J. Fennell has met defeat
in her suit against Colonel Theodore C.
Marceau, her former husband, to recover
$3000 belonging to the estate of J. Allen
Fiske, her ward, which she alleges was
misappropriated by Marceau in August of
1893. Mrs. Fennell alleged that she grave
the money to her then husband to trans
fer from one bank to another, but he
appropriated it to his own use. This Mar
ceau denied and stated that on March 18,
1896, he and Mrs. Fennell had an account
ing and settlement of financial affairs, and
at that time all claims held by Mrs. Fen
nell against him, and all claims he held
against her, were adjusted.
In the decision the court says:
I do not feel that plaintiff has succeeded In
establishing this alleged fact. The guardian
cays that such was the case; defendant says
that it was not. The guardian is In no way
corroborated by the evidence, while the cir
cumstances surrounding the transaction do
corroborate defendant's version.
To accept the version of. the guardian the
court must find that she, a woman of mature
years and with some experience in life, with
out any reason therefor and with no other mo
tive than a mere desire to change the place of
deposit of funds from a savings bank, where
Interest was being paid, to a commercial bank,
where no interest would be earned. This is bo
improbable that It discredits the guardlan'3
version of the transaction and produces the
conviction that defendant's account is the more
likely. Judgment for defendant.
WILLIAM GRIDLEY PAitDONED.
He Was Released Yesterday by Judge
Rhodes Borden.
William Gridley, the aged mechanic,
who suffered conviction on a charge of
grand lar< eny in Judge Borden' 8 court a
few weeks ag-o. and who was sentenced
to one year in the penitentiary, has
; nor Budd and is now
erty. Gridley was brought
rt yesterday af
• the urder of the court and
the pa read to him. He was then
.ft. The pardon reads:
Whereas, It appears from the petition sub
mitted heroin that the prisoner took the prop
erty which h* was accused of stealing for the
purpose >,t bflng arrested that he might re
cover from the Influence of excessive drinking,
in which he had been indulging; that he has
heretofore always led a correct and proper life,
having been engaged actively in employment
requiring integrity and ability, and as court
and jury and prosecuting attorney pray for
commutation; and
ereaa. It satisfactorily appear* that what
ever offense he has been guilty of has been
sufficiently punished, and that II he Is liberated
that he will not again lapse from the straight
and honorable career which he has heretofore
pursued;
Now, therefore, by virtue of the authority In
me vested by the constitution and laws of this
Ptate, I, James H. Budd, Governor of the State
of California, do hereby commute the sentence
of the said William Grldley so that the name
■hall terminate and expire on the 3d day of
October, ISSS.
THE BOTKIN EXTRADIITON.
Revised Papers Handed to Governor
Budd and Argument Continued
Until Thursday.
The revised papers for the extradition
<if Mrs. Cordelia Botkin to Delaware to
answer the charges of murdering Mrs.
J. P. Dunning 1 and Mrs. J. D. Deane, were
handed to Governor Budd by Chief Lee*
In the Attorn* j • ster
<lay. Attorney George EB. Knigot was
. . iJoikin.
rhe Governor said he would require
Miiino the papers and by enn-
Beni the matter was continued till Thurs
day a ■ for argument.
Polico Pension Board.
• ' rh ° '■'■ Commissioners held their
regular quarterly meeting an pension com
mi. u si"ii'-rp yesterday. The only business
transacted was the passing of the ac
counts.
Omene Again in Trouble.
Omene, the hypnotist, Juggler and danc
er, was the complainant in a search war-
rant case heard by Judge Conlan yester
day. She wanted her wardrobe which J.
H.'Babcock, her late manager, had taken
to the Langham Hotel. Babcock exhib
ited a contract signed by Omene for a
season and the Judge said it was a mat
ter for the civil courts.
LOOKING TOR A SITE.
Military Hospital May Be Erected
at Black Fjint.
The question of the location of the
general military hospital, that has been
ordered to be erected here by tlw War
Department, is causing the medical de
partment no little worry. Colonel Mid
dleton, the surgeon in chief of the depart
ment "i" California, has for the pas; few
days been considering the matter of a
site for the hospital, and he has encount
er. •(} many obstacles. The main object
that he has had in view has been to find
a pr >per site that would have a sufficient
and convenient water supply. The exam
lon <>f Angel Island, which was at
first decided upon, disclosed the fact that
' there was not a sufficient water supply,
and In addition, there was only one point
1 upon the island that was level enouijn
for the erection of the building and there
was no water near it. At least 20,000 gal
lons of water would be required each <la\
for the hospital, and on account of thir.
fact the queetlon of water becomes one
of great importance. Colonel Middleton
Stated yesterday that he hoped to find a
site in "a few days. He has Black Point
under consideration, and it is more than
probable that it is there that the hospital
will be erected. The hospital la to be a
temporary affair and will be built of
wood so that once the site has been found
it will not take long to complete the struc
tU General Miller will to-day forward to
General Merriam the applications of the
men of the Seventh California Kegiment
asking that they be discharged from the
s.-rvice. Gen- ral Miller was very busy
yesterday considering the applications to
each of which he gave his personal at
; tentlon. From the number of the appl -
cations sent In to the general it is evl- I
dent that nearly ninety per cent of the ■
men if not more, desire to get out of the
service Genera] Miller will send along
with the applications a letter to General
Merriam, giving Ins opinion of the situa-
t i , _ what he thinks best to be
done in the premises.
War Department has accepted the
ation of First Lieutenant E. S.
Fowler • I the Tennessee Regiment, who
volunteer service to enter the
1 practice of law in this city.
Adjutant General M. 11. Byers of lowa
visited the Presidio yesterday and called
upon Colonel Loper. The general's visit
w.!^ not official. He came here to visit a
: riend who is now in the hospital
and also to look after the regiment and
low It was getting along.
Captain A. H. Otis, First Washington
Regiment, who has been absent in Seat
•;• upon a furlough, has returned to the
Presidio.
Charged With Forgery.
Steve Vuloclvich was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of
forgery. The complaining witness is L.
C. Ewell, an advertising agent, who al
that the defendant brought him a
contract purporting to be signed by Boss
; San Jose and indorsed by Colonel
Dan Burns for $200 advertising. The de
!'• ndant was paid $10 commission and
Ewell alleges that the signatures of both
Rea, and Burns were forged.
A Memorial Window.
The Indies' Club of Golden Gate Cnm
mandery at a meeting yesterday donated
the Masonic Widows" and Orphans'
Home, to be expended in placing an orna
mental memorial window in the new edi
fice.
THE YEAR'S WINES.
Taken as a whole the reports we pub
lish this month from the wine-produc
in~ centers of Europe are fairly satis
factory. From Bordeaux we learn that
the vines are going on well, and that,
down to the time of gathering, the
quality will probably be superior to
last year's, although the quantity
must be unequal, considerable damage
having been done in some districts by
c ulure. In the champagne country the
vines present a tine appearance, and
hi"-h hopes are entertained In respect of
both quantity and quality. Our Cognac
correspondent states that the vineyards
in Charente are for the most part in a
promising condition, and an equally
favorable report comes from Beaune.
According to an official estimate, the
French vintage will be very good in six
departments and good in twenty oth
ers, but for the most part it will be only
"fairly good." From Oporto we learn
that great inconvenience is being
caused by the prolonged drought, and
our correspondent states that, if there
should be no rain within the next few
weeks, the vintage will he ruined. In
any event the will be short, but
the gathering will probably he unusu
ally early. In the sherry country the
new ..merican plantations are promis
ing well, but our correspondent at
Jerez-de-la-Frontera sends an alarming
account of the great progress made by
the phylloxera In the Important dis
tricts of Macharnudo and Carrascal,
while the vineyards of Ducha are said
to be completely destroyed. In Germany
the quantity will be small, owing to
coulure and to disease of the vine, but
it is hoped that the quality will make
amends' for the reduced yield. — London
Wine Trade Review.
THE DEATH OF COACHING.
The coaching system died a lingering
—a lamentable death. I can remember
something of a few coaches in remote
districts which longest escaped strangu
lation, and memory of those distant
days has been sweeter without them.
T..ey resemble what Nimrod describes
as the obsolete, old-fashioned coach of
his boyhood, drawn by dispirited, 111
fed jadefl over long stages. One of his
paragraphs well describes what used to
m ike my blood boil with Impotent fury,
embittering the joy of returning home
for the holidays, and deeping the de
pression of the schoolward journey:
"The four-horse whip and the Not
tingham whipcord were of no avail
over the latter part of the ground, and
bo nething like a cat-o'-nine-talls was
! dv :ed out of the boot, which was
jocularly called 'the apprentice'; and
a shrewd apprentice it was to the art*
of torturing, which waß inflicted on the
wheelers without stint or measure, but
without which the coach might have
bf-en often left on the road."
No; the last of the road coaches — cor
ruptlo optimi— disappeared and left
none to mourn them.— Blackwood'B
Magazine.
INVENTION FOR SEA SIGNALING
An important invention for signaling
at sea during the night hus but re
cently been patented by the German
telegraph official, L. M. N. Voelckers.
The new apparatus consists of a strong
metal box, which is fastened at a high
point near the stern of the vessel.
within the box a plate-glass mirror is
placed lengthwise, the surface of the
n:irror being dotted with light yellow
color. In front of this mirror si^ns
of galvanized tin are are placed, in
which the letters to be signaled are
cut <>ut. Th» insido of the box is then
intensely lighted, and the signal is then
visible for several miles. Heretofore
Bteamere could signal at night time
only by the burning of rockets, estab
lishing the name of the line to which
they belonged, but now it will be possi
ble to convey the steamer's name or
other information according to the sig
nal code during clear nights as well,
an improvement which may be of the
greatest importance for avoiding acci
dents or danger.— Seaboard.
AVERAGE USE OF MATCHES.
An Austrian chemist has been Inves
tigating the statistics of the lucifer
match. He finds that in the United
join every inhabitant uses an av
erage of eight matches a day, but the
Belgians only seven, the Yankees six,
thf Frenchmen five and the Australians
four. — New York World.
No one win use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOREB 4, 1898.
DERELICT RAFT
HEARD FROM
ONCE AGAIN
Steamer South Coast
Ran Into It.
THE FARRAGUT IS FAST
EXCEEDS HER CONTRACT SPEED
BY NEARLY A KNOT.
i
Sailing of the Steamer Alameda De
layed on Account of the Non-
Arrival of the English.
Mail.
The Bteamer South Coast had an ex
perience with the raft of piles that Cap
tnin Zaddurt will not forget in a hurry.
Like the Santa Rosa the South Coast was
right on top of the "menace to naviga
tion" before It was seen. Then the cap
tain reversed the engines but was too
late to avert a collision. The South Coast
struck the raft a glancing blow that made
every one of her timbers groan and
brought everybody on board up standing.
No great damage was done and the
steamer came on to San Francisco with
her cargo of beans and corn.
Captain Zaddart, in his report, says:
"At 2 a. m. on the 3d inst. we passed a
large raft of piles about 250 feet long
four miles west of Pigeon Point. The raft
seems to be in good condition, but is very
dangerous to navigation." This makes
two narrow escapes for steamers. The
next one to strike the raft may b© at
full speed and may go down with all
hands.
The Chamber of Commerce has taken
the matter up and yesterday communi
cated with the Secretary of the Treasury
on the matter. After stating the facts
the letter concludes: "We earnestly re
quest that you will take such steps as,
in your good judgment, may seem best
to have this dangerous practice of tow
ing 1 log or timber rafts at sea stopped,
and thereby remove an unnecessary risk
to navigation."
The torpedo boat destroyer Farragut
exceeded her contract speed yesterday.
Unfortunately her starboard engine broke
down and it will be three weeks before
the frail but fast vessel can have another
trial. She made throe attempts yester
day. On the first she made twenty-four
knots, on the second twenty-eight knots
and on the third thirty and seven-tenths
knots, and then the rock shaft broke.
The only quest! with the builders now
is "By how mucii will the Farragut ex
ceed thirty knots?"
The Mail Bteamer City of Peking did
not get away yesterday, although she
had steam up and took a turn around
the bay. The new piston follower was
put aboard yesterday at 2 p. m.. and an
hour later the vessel was under way.
She steamed over to Alcatraz and there
came to an anchor. She will probably
get away on her voyage to the Orient to
day.
The Peking takes away a very valua
ble cargo. Her Chinese consignments
;,r^ valued at J115.1M2, and her Japanese
at $5y,01T. Among the stuff for China is
66 baits of seaweed and 20 tons of lard,
while Japan takes among hers 84,034 feet
of lumber and Ouo pounds of oleomarga
rine. She also takes away goods ror
Sourabaya, Batavia, Bankok, Samantng,
Colombo, Manila, Penang. Calcutta, Sin
gapore, Vladivostok and Korea in tran
sit. In her cargo for Vladivostok are 45
anchors, and among that for Korea are
three phonographs.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
i'teamer Gipsy will sail to-day on her
fifteen hundredth trip, a record
that has never been equaled on this
roast. During that time she has earned
more money for Goodall, Perkins & Co.
than any other two vessels of their fleet.
The Gipsy was originally built for the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company to car*
ry combustibles in the San Diego trade.
She was sold to the Pacific Coast people
soon after she was completed, however,
and has been running on the various
routes operated by them ever since.
Nearly all the captains in the com
pany's service graduated from the Gip
sy. Captain C. Miner Goodall felt three
inches taller in the days of long ago when
he was promoted to be master of the
stout little vessel. When under command
of the late Captain Plummer she was
christened "old perpetual motion," and
the name has clung to her ever since.
Captain Charles Hall, late of the Cleve
land, commanded her for a time, as did
also Captain Jepsen, now of the Queen,
und Captain Green of the Columbia. She
was also a great favorite with the late
Captain Wallace, and he would not
It-avu her ■ for a larger vessel. Captain
Qlelow is now in command of the Gipsy.
Owing to a delay in the arrival of the
English mail the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany's steamer Alameda will not get
away for Australia until Thursday next
at 2 p. m. She will take away over sev
enty passengers for Honolulu and thirty
eight cabin passengers for New Zealand
and Australia. Among the latter will be
Mrs. Chenery, -who has been the guest of
Mrs. C. H. Graham during her stay in
this city.
Dr. If all, who was very ill when the
Alameda arrived in port, has resigned his
position and Dr. Nelson, a well-known
and popular young physician of this city,
will go out in his place.
The Alaska Commercial Company will
have three large steamers on the St.
Michael run next sprlmg. The Bertha is
to be cut in two and lengthened forty feet.
New machinery will be put in and when
the alterations are completed the Bertha
will be a nrat-elass vessel in every respect,
tit to run in connection with the Portland
and St. Paul, the company's other fine
ocean steamers.
The Excelsior Coal and Screening Com
pany and the Harbor Commissioners are
at (juts. The company has thirteen coal
hoppers on the various wharves owned
by the State and refuses to pay any rent
for the privilege.. Captain Roberts, man
ager of the concern, has been warned
again and again during the past five
months, but has paid no attention. Tues
day last the board notified him that if
the rent was not paid or the hoppers re
moved by this morning the State would
move them and charge him with the
cost, a/id yesterday Assistant Chief
Wharfinger Scott went around to all the
en;; I ships using the hoppers and notified
them that they would be removed to-day
and told them to govern themselves ac
cordingly. Roberts threatens to sue out
an Injunction ami says he will resist the
removal of his hoppers, so there Is liable
to be trouble, when the moving begins.
The British ship Eulomene was char
tered last week to load wheat at Port
hind for Europe. Saturday morning she
was towed to sea and cast off outside the
lightship. At sundown yesterday she was
still in sight of the lookout at Point
Lobos, twenty miles to westward,
A MONSTER SHOW.
Wallace's Circus Will Be Here on the
15th Inst.
On Saturday, October 15, the greatAVal
laee shows will open in this city, and, if
the .advance reports prove true, it will be
the biggest thing in the way of a circus
ever seen here. The big tents will be
pitched in Central Park.
All .sorts of new attractions are prom
ised by the big posters, and the manage
ment of the show boasts that it never ad
vertisea an act that is not given in the
regular performances. The show is a big
three-ring affair with a fine menagerie at
tached. It is claimed that" the horses are
the linest to be found in any cirrus, and
the usual number of trick riders has been
mure than doubled. The names of the
principal ridi.-rs are: Louise de Mott,
Adelia Nelaon, Gracie Thomas. Winnie
Sweeney. Lillian Schnfer, Robert Stick
ney Jr.. Oscar Lowande. William O'Hrlen,
\\ llliam Mt-lrose and Henry Lctourier.
The circus will continue for nine days.
An Artilleryman's Mishap.
Frank Cusack, a member of the Califor
nia Battery of Artillery, while under the
influence of liquor Sunday night lay down
to sleep on the atalra in front of a house
at Bush and Powell streets. When he
awoke yesterday morning he thought he
was on the ground and stepped off into
space, sustaining a fracture of the left
thigh. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, and later to the Military Hospi
tal at the Presidio.
FLUME COMPANY WINS.
Water Rates Fixed hy Supervisors
Do Not Supersede Pri
vate Contracts.
Tn the case of the San Diego Flume
Company, appellant, vs. C. H. Souther and
YV. S. Crosby, the United States Court of
Appeals yesterday set aside the decree of
the lower court, dismissing the cross bill
and the bill, and remanded the case to
the Circuit Court for further proceed
ings.
Souther & Crosby had brought suit
against the flume company to cancel a
written contract. It was alleged that the
flume company made two contracts with
the plaintiffs to furnish them water for ir
rigation in the year IS9O, and that on
June 7, 1594, the company diverted irom
them more than half the water so con
tracted for, and continued diverting it
until December 8 of the same year. On
October 2, 1594, the plaintiffs rescinded the
second contract.
The defendant denied that the contract
was rescinded, and asked for the recov
ery of $2160 alleged to be interest due on
the contract of March, IS9O, and $6000 dam
ages The defendant claimed that it had
a right to divert the water complained of
because there had been a drought, and
that it had furnished the plaintiffs with
what water was left after the cities and
towns had been supplied
In rendering its decision the Circuit
Court of Appeals say that corporations
engaged in the business of furnishing
water for irrigation under the laws of
California, whether they acquire the
water by appropriation of the waters of
the State or otherwise, are private cor
porations. They are nowhere declared
to be public corporations or quasi-public.
They conduct their business for private
gain It appears from the pleadings and
from the evidence that neifher of the par
ties to the suit had made the rate so fixed
by ordinance applicable to them, but con
tinued to recognize the contract of March
1890, as controlling their dealings one with
the other. In the cross bill no attempt s
made to assert rights under the ordi
nance The prayer of the bill is confined
"o the petitions for relief under the con
tract. ''
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium, SH Pine. nr. Kearny. S.F. Cal.
THE LUCK OF A SPECULATOR.
During the rage for new joint stock
companies which followed the passing
of the limited liability acts, the great
discounting business of Overend, Gur
ney & Co. was transferred to a new
company— Overend, Gurney & Co.,
Limited. This took place In 1865. and in
the year before, as we learn from Mr.
Turner's "Chronicles of the Bank of
England," from September to March
263 companies were formed, with a
nominal capital of over £75,000,000. Of
these new companies, twenty-seven
were banking and fifteen discounting
companies. It may be added that
"cheap money" and the enormous
profits of company promoting have
caused an even greater outburst of
joint Btocking activity during the last
three years, the effect of which will
probably cause some interesting results
before the end of the century. But to
return to our story. There were very
extensive dealings on the Stock Ex
change in the shares of all these new
companies and the public bought hand
over fist.
A jobber who had a very large con
nection found that owing to the strong
demand for these shares he had in the
ordinary course of business sold to the
brokers who came to deal with him
many more shares than he could pos
sibly buy back except at an enormous
loss which would inevitably bring him
down. The state of his book was such
that one Friday morning, finding that
no one was a seller and that every bar
pain that he made added to his liability
to provide securities which he could not
buy, he left the market and strolled
westward to luncheon at a well-known
restaurant to take counsel with him-
Belf over a bottle of the best as to
whether he should declare himself a
defaulter at once or make a further
effort to carry out his bargains and
tide over the evil day with temporary
assistance.
Returning to the city, still dubious
and despairing, he met a crowd of peo
ple rushing wildly, as if the bottom of
the universe had fallen out. He seized
a small boy by -the nape of the neck
and asked him what was amiss. "Over
end's busted," said the urchin and
rushed on again. The news, which
brought ruin to thousands on that
Black Friday meant fortune to our job
ber. The shares which he had sold at
high prices and had been unable to
buy back promptly fell to rubbish
values, at which he was able to help
himself; indeed, many of them had so
heavy a liability attached that he was
actually paid hard money to take over
shares which he had been the day be
fore unable to purchase on any terms.—
Cornhill Magazine.
OUR RESPONSIBILITIES ANl>
OUR HOMES.
In tlu-ir consuming desire to find reason
for things, the sunn and daughters of
men often go far afield and place at in
nocent doors responsibilities that proper
ly belong elsewhere.
Whatever men and women go about
seeking there is nothing for which they
search with more untiring assiduity than
pretexts for bad temper, bad habits and
bad moral?. Instead of coming out frank
ly, fairly and squarely, and acknowledg
ing that they did all of these things
pimply because their natures prompted
them so to do, they claim that they real
ly didn't mean to, but were influenced
either by somebody or something entirely
beyond "their control, or else they fall
back nn that convenient excuse, heredity,
and blame their fathers, grandfathers
and a long line of ancestors generally for
something that they ure too bad or too
Indolent to correct. If the foundations it
the family altar are builded on pure and
undented truth and sincerity, the super
structure must of necessity partake to an
extent at least of the same characteris
tics in order to be at all symmetrical.
The slightest departure from truth
should be gentiy but firmly relinked, and
all influences that tend toward vitiating
the moral atmosphere of the dwelling
should be punished.— New York Ledger.
WONDERFUL KNIVES.
KinK Humbert of Italy possesses a hunt
ing knife, the handle of which la solid
Ivory, beautifully carved, and surmounted
with the royal crown. Its sheath is of
pigskin, mounted In massive silver chased
to match the knife, with the royal arms
of Italy in bold relief. The price of the
knife was $100, and the case coat another
$7.">.
At Windsor castle, among the royal
plate is a knife which was presented by
the cutlers of SlufnVM to C-orge IV. It
is remarkable as having more than a hun
dred blades.
PerhapH the mist exquisite and valuable
specimens of knives are in the possession
of the cutlers of Sheffield. < mo. which is
very r«'jnarkable, is not longer than a
thumb-nail, and yet contains twenty
blades. Another, which is but an Inch
ionp when closed, has seventy blades,
beautifully made, and Illustrating nearly
•all the forms ever given to knife blades.
\nother specimen has 220 blades, all
etched with portraits, landscapes or other
artistic deaiffUß. Another of these won
derful knives has 1840 blades, all having
hinges and springs, and closing Into the
same handle. The handles of some of
thi sc knives are of Ivory and tortoise
shell, and they are valued at from $100 to
$500.
SAYS "MAMA."
London's Zoo in Regent's Park, con
tains an intelligent female Arabian ba
boon that can say "Mama." She was
brought from Tunis by Sir H. H. John
ston, the African traveler, who is super
intending her education.— London Times.
THE HUB'S VIEW OF IT.
Second thoughts are best, even if it be
bad grammar. — Boston Herald.
The fao-simile yrf s/tfTZ^Sr* on ever y wrapper
signature of (J^/zM^&d of CASTOEIA.
BITUMEN OH
MARKET TO VAN
NESS AVENUE
Supervisors Order It
to Be Laid.
STREET SURVEYS PLANNED
QUIET AND UNEVENTFUL SES
SION OF THE BOARD.
A Large Number of Local Improve
ments, Including Considerable
Street Work, Receives
Attention.
The most important business transacted
yesterday by the Board of Supervisors
was the passage of a resolution to repave
Market street with bitumen from Sixth
street to Van Ness avenue. The Super
visors were not in a mood to discuss mat
ters of public importance, and contented
themselves with attending to a grist of
minor matters.
A communication from the Pacific Tele
phone Company objecting to the use of
a patent telephone service by the police
was referred to the City and County At
torney for an opinion as to what action,
if any, should be taken by the board.
A sixty-day leave of absence from the
State was granted Police Commissioner
Robert J. Tobln.
Permission was granted to the National
Athletic Club to hold a fight in November
and the Hartford Athletic in October.
The Union Paving Company was author
ized to construct basalt block gutterways
on each side of Sutter street, between
Kearny and Grant avenue, and to lay
bitumen on the street on a concrete foun
dation at least six inches thick.
A plan for a sewer system for the dis
trict bounded by Cortland, Andover and
Crescent avenues and Folsom street was
adopted.
The City Engineer was directed to make
surveys for establishing grades in the dis
irlct "bounded by Vernon and Randolph
streets and Worcester, Palmetto and
Orizaba avenues; also in Sunnyside
tract; and to estimate the expense of sur
veying block No. 33 in the Fairmount
tract.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board. ii
The following is a record of the street
improvements passed by the Board of
Supervisors at yesterday's session:
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET "WORK.
I. First avenue to Seventh avenue— Grading,
curbing, sidewalks, paving, etc.
L. Ninth to Tenth avenues— Same.
L, Tenth to Eleventh avenues— Same.
Montgomery, Green to Union— Grading.
Page and Baker— Sidewalks and paving.
' Cole, Hayes to Fell— Curbing and paving.
Clayton, Hayes to Fell— Same.
Octavla. Sacramento to California — Pipe
eewer, etc.
Laussat avenue, Flllmore to Stelner— Same.
Jefferson, Devlsadero to Broderlck— Grading.
Utah. Twenty-fifth to southerly termination
of former— Sidewalks, curbs, grading and pav
ing.
Dore, Bryant to Brannan— Curbing and pav
ing. FlUmore to Steiner— Curbing and pay-
Page, FlLlmore to Steiner— Curbing and pav
ing.
Twenty-fourth, Guerrero to Fair Oaks— Same.
Nineteenth avenue, northerly line of I, to a
point 500 feet south of the southerly line of W
—Curbing, sldewalking, grading and paving.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Waller, between Central and Buena Vista
avenue— Bitumen.
Jones, between Broadway and Yallejo street
— Bitumen. •
Jones, between Valle.io and Green— Same.
Jones, crossing of Broadway— Same.
Roach, between Filbert and Greenwich—
Basalt. ' ,; V ' , . _
Twenty-fourth, between Valencia and San
Jose avenue— Bitumen. .-._.__.
Nineteenth, between Castro and Hanford—
"' Fifth and Tehama— Artificial stone sidewalk
on westerly corner.
Chestnut, between Leavenworth and Hyde—
Basalt blocks.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
The following street work was recommended
to pass to a resolution ordering It done:
Ecker from Jessie to Mission— Bitumen.
Belcher, from Thirteenth to Fourteenth—
tumen. iv'"fi.
Broadway, from Jones to Leavenworth— Stone
sidewalks. _, .
Sickles avenue from Mission to Wyoming—
Crossing of Pine and Lyon— Bitumen.
Crossing of Pine and Lyon— Bitumen.
Cole from Frederick to Carl— Bitumen.
Bowie avenue, from Eleventh to its northerly
termination— Bitumen.
Central avenue, from Waller to Buena vista
-Cobbles. «__.«„
Lyon, from Jackson to Pacific— Basalt,
Central avenue, from California to Sacra
mento—Stone sidewalks. .
Lily avenue, from Laguna to Buchanan— Ba-
Lily avenue, from Octavia to Laguna— Basalt
Crossing:' of Broderick and Pacific— Bitumen.
Crossing of Lyon and Jackson— Bitumen. .
Crossing of Lyon and Pacific-Bitumen.
Pacific, from Devlßadero to Broderick— Bltu-
T'rosslng of Baker and Pacific— Bitumen.
Pacific from itroderick to Baker— Bitumen.
Elm avenue, from Pierce to Scott— Bitumen.
Sixteenth, from Bryant to Vermont and in
tersections — Bitumen.
Goueh from Golden Gate to Turk— Sewer.
Sixth avenue south, from Railroad avenue to
r street south — Grading.
Goueh from Golden Gate to Turk— Bitumen.
McAllister, from Broderick to Baker—Bitu
men.
ACTION ON PETITIONS AND PROTESTS.
Favorable action was taken on the following
petitions and protests: ....
Union Paving Company— To pave with bitu
men and construct a sewer under private con
tract, Twenty-fifth, between Folsom and fahot-
Well & Treacy— To pave with bitumen un-
Fllnn & Treacy— To pave with bitumen un
der private contract, Locust avenue, from
Franklin street 127:8 feet westerly.
Same— To pave with basalt under private
contract. Waller, between Laguna and Bu-
Cl p?o a p n erty owners— Asraliwt the opening and
grading of Pope street, between Mission and
Shopping proceedings for -one year in the mat
ter of paving Folsom from Twenty-sixth to
Precita avenue, the crossing of Folsom and
Army streets, and constructing stone sidewalks
on Twenty-second, between Guerrero and Do
'"lYopp^tTowners-Agalnst the paving of Lib-,
ertv street, between Dolores and Church.
Adverse action was taken on the following
Pl itsSerty owners-Agalnst the paving of
Twenty-fifth, between Folsom and Shot well.
Property owner*- Against the paving of Ber
ry street between Seventh and Eighth.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Twenty-third, Sanchez to Castro streets—
P Fulton. d? k Larkin and Franklin streets
—Artificial stone sidewalk.
Market between Taylor and Van Ness ave
nue—Basalt putter ways and bitumen.
Greenwich, between Pierce and Scott streets
—Basalt.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Masonic avenue, Fell to Hayes street—
B York, n from Twenty-second to Twenty-third
street— Same. .
Washington, from Locust to Spruce— Same.
Seventh, from Irwln to Hubbell— Basalt.
I Filbert from Polk to Van Ness— Basalt.
Filbert, from Larkln to Polk— Cobbles.
The Intersection of Mission and Randall
Btreets— Bitumen. -■_—_.
The intersection of Mission and Brooks
streets— Same.
The crossing of Seventh and Irwin—
The crossing of Filbert and Pierce— Bitumen.
Hyde street, from Union to Bitumen.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Golden Gate avenue, Lyon to Central avenue
—Bitumen. £ ■ ' ,
Golden Gate avenue, crossing of Central ave
nue—Same. ~ ,
Alvarado, Guerrero to San Jose avenue—
The crossing of Kansas and Alameda streets
—Basalt.
The Intersection of San Jose avenue and Val
ley street— Bitumen.
Pape street, between Baker and Lyon streets
— Bitumen.
Page street, between Broderick and Baker
streets — Same.
Hyde street, between Filbert and Greenwich
streets — Same.
Haight street, between Shrader and Stanyan
streets — Same.
Page street, between Steiner and Pierce
streets — Same.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Twenty-fifth, between Folsom and Shotwell
streets — Property owners, sewering and paving.
Locust avenue, from Franklin etreet westerly
137:6 feet.
Waller, between Laguna and Buchanan —
Property owners, paving.
Crossings, Treat avenue and Twenty-third
street and Folsom, between Folsom and Har
rison — Property owners, bitumen.
Filbert, between Broderick and Baker—Prop
erty owners, paving and contract sewers.
Twelfth, from A to B streets— Mary E. Buck
nail, to grading and curbing.
Twelfth avenue, between A and B streets —
To granting, curbing and macadamizing.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Eighth avenue, from C to Fulton streets— To
McHugh & Sheehan. 60 days on grading.
Bixth, from Hooper to Irwln streets; cross
ing of Sixth and Irwin and Church, between
Thirteenth and Hermann streets— Union Pav
ing Company, 60 days.
Putter, between Kearny and Grant avenue —
To Union Paving Company. 40 days to pavf.
Grove, between Clayton and Cole streets. Ma
sonic avenue and Aehbury streets pnd Ashhury
and Clayton streets, between Fulton and Grove
streets; Grove and Hayes streets and the cross
ing of Grove street and Masonic avenue; Grove
and Clayton streets and Grove and Ashbury
streets — CO days to grade.
GRADES FINALLY ESTABLISHED.
Francona avenue; Brewster street; Isabel
street; Tomaso etreet; Montcalm street: Rut
ledge street; Massasoit street; Samoset street:
Cabot street; Star street; Costa street; Faith
street; Joy street; Holltday avenue; Esmeralda
street; Mayflower street; Powhattan street:
Winslow street; Peralta avenue: Bradford
street: Carver street; Nebraska, Rosekrans, Ne
vada, Prentisß, Banks, etc.
CUT OFF HIJ ARM.
George Brazilo Jumped on the Cars
of the Belt Line and Fell
Under the Wheels.
George Brazilo, an eight-year-old boy |
residing at 216 Union street, fell under the j
cars of the Belt line at the foot of Union
street yesterday evening and had his leu
arm so severely mangled that an amputa
tion was necessary.
The boy with 'wo companions was play-
Ing near the track when a train loaded
with fruit came by. He climbed on to a
car to secure some of the fruit anu fell
under the wheels. R. B. Knowlton had
warned the boys about playing around the
cars but a short time before the accident,
but they did not heed him. After speak
ing to the boys Knowlton went into a
neighboring store to make purchases, and
when he returned to the street he found
Brazilo sitting on a chair on the sidewalk
with his arm nearly severed from Ins
body. The Harbor Hospital ambulance
was called, and Drs. Hill and Zabalu. am
putated the arm above the elbow.
Letters for Manila and Hawaii.
For the information or tne puDiic, t-osi
master Montague announces that no
change has yet been made in the mail
rates between the I'nited States and
Cuba, Puerto Rico, Hawaii and the Philip
pines, the letter rate being 5 cents for
each ounce or fraction thereof. Several
bundles of interior newspapers sent to the
postoffice to be dispatched to Manila at
pound rates are detained for prepayment
at the foreign postal rates. Letters to or
from soldiers or sailors require only a 2
cent stamp. ,
Abused His Wife.
William Vandorkaag of 19^ Harlan
place appeared in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday to answer a charge of
beating his wife. He went home Sunday
night and because his wife was in bed
he abused her and threw a lighted lamp
at her. The lamp exploded and set fire
to the bureau. Vanderkaag pleaded to
get off and said he would go back to Ger
many, but Prosecuting Attorney Graham
insisted upon a conviction and Vander
kaag was ordered to appear for sentence
this morning.
Matt Whalen's Bad Dream.
Matt Whalen, a well-known hackman
on the water front, fell asleep in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday morning. He
snored so loudly that the Judge ordered
Halllff Farrell to wake him up. Farrell
did so and Whalen, forgetting where he
was, used language that was very shock
lnp. He was ordered into custody and
charges of contempt of court and using
vulgar language were booked against
him.
Deserted by Her Husband.
Addie A. Langton filed suit yesterday
for a divorce from William M. Langton,
The plaintiff alleges desertion as a cause
of action.
ADVERTISEMEIITS.
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦#
+ Always a Leader! +
♦ Is the Price of 1899 +
-f
+ C/Jicycies
X NOIA/IN STOCK
J THOS.H. B. VARNEY J
"*" Rambler and Ideal Bicycles,
+ MARKET AND TENTH, SAN FRANCISCO "♦"
© -f -4- ♦ -f -f -f -f ♦♦♦♦->•♦♦♦©
Elf's Cream Balmaß^S^
MVS UUJdlll Bdlifl
Cleanses the Nasal H^%s>W°ml j
Passages, <=?l!ays Pain Wuf^-^o^Lst^Utia
aoo Inflammatloo. g WfEVEn ITOg A
Restores trje Senses of SI */<!}<&/%
Taste and Snjell. S3 > <i .s<jele
HEfiLS THE SORES. B»T^
Apply Bairn into each nos- OHB _^-rossv%£Ss
trll. ELY BROS., 56 Warren HK^l^!^
Bf^PSDR. BALL'S REIN VIGOR
yjn|H Five hundred reward for any case
■I BH| we cannot cure. This secret remedy
« B stops all losses in 24 hours, cures |
fEjA E99 Emissions. Impotency, Varicocele. i
fy*f\ Pmn Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
fMhi UliiJ Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
■■ Wtß tects of self-abuse or eictsses. Sent
Bmjl'. <Mffi sealed. |2 bottle; 3 bottles, 15; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDIC AL IN-
STITUTE, 555 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. AUo
tar sale at 1073% Market st.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
fi AMUSEMENTS.
"aThambraT"
Corner of Eddy and Jones streets. Tel. S. 435.
Received With Uproarious Applause!
ROBERT DOWNING AND COMPANY
In the "GLADIATOR."
GEO. BONIFACE and *ONNA FERNER
In a Comedy "A GAME OF LOBBY.'
WILL 8 RISING AND COMPANY *
In Offenbach's Sparkling Operatta "THE ROSE
OF AUVERGNE."
FOUR OLlFANS— Continental Eccentrics.
I LILLIAN SMITH, Champion Rifle Shot of the
World. ■ ■ - '
FORD & LEWIS. "The New York Sports."
McBKIDE & DALLON, Irish Duo. -- • '
THE • SENSATIONAL AUSTINS. ' -I' *\
THE HUMAN FLY, AIMEE. .
POPULAR PRICES.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
25 cents. Children 10 cents, any ; seat. .
OLYMPIA £!d 88 y n Btreet * cornep of
The Great Eastern Star
IRENE FRANKLIN! IRENE FRANKLIN!
And 10 all-star acts. . l ..
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
i ADVERTISEMENTS^ h
iipARTiR'S'
SSGK HIADAGHi
« Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
• Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
. feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
' ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
; Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. i .
; Small Pill. Small Dose*
; Small Price.
Ca^^^^ Jand TUMOR
No Pa Y Unt?l Cured
• H^ iA*f CfSdß| M Any lump In a woman's
ftmj^.&.j<gg^^)gy?fl^E breast is cancer. The poi-
faSa*ft3«~r»'sj»j; son quick!; goes to arm-
SJflffiJß^^ pi. lilarge It is '.ate.
Jh i 'S%'f^'wSr^^ Men's face and lip a com-
fJ&&t< Vm>] mor. place.
M § I icr.ir.H Book bo-it frea
■ G.B fa M 9 Itrithhunclredsofaddresse*
I ** tBH(BP of honest cares. No Fraud.
B.RCHAMLEY, M. 0., 17 & 1 7 Third St.. n-r Market St.
SENDTOSOME ONE WITH CANCER
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
SECOND WEEK OF THE
FRAU/LEY CO.
AND BLANCHE BATES.
Augustin Daly's Charming Comedy,
THE LAST WORD.
BLANCHE BATES AS VERA.
A Delightfully Efficient Cast.
Regular Frawley prices, 25c. 50c. 75c and $1.
Next play. "THE DANCING GIRL."
BALDWIN THEATER— SPECIAL.
; THURSDAY AFTERNOON. OCTOBER 6,
At 3:30 o'clock.
Grand Concert Given by
PODDIE ROSS,
i
Th? Eminent Soprano, Assisted by
HUGO MANSFELDT,
1 Pianist, and a Symphony Orchestra of 35 Pieces,
! under the Direction of
L. YON DER MEHDEN JR.
i
Sale of Seats Begins Monday Morning at 9
! o'clock.
Seats $2, n 50, $1 and We.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIRD "WEEK of the brilliant
i NANCE O'INEIL
; and the McKEE RANKIN CO.
' To-night, Wednesday and Thursday, first time
[ here, the drama
I "TRUE TO LIFE,"
Balance of week, "CAMILLE."
Next Week— "ELIZABETH." ;
Note the Vaudeville Monarchs !
CAWTHORN and FORRESTER. In a great
comedy skit, "A DAMAGE SUIT."
HUGH J. EMMET, Premier Ventriloquist.
MULVET and INMAN, Character Changes.
CARPO BROS., Wonder Gymnasts.
MR. and MRS. R. J. DUSTIN and COM-
PANY, ANGLO-AMERICAN QUARTET.
LEW HAWKINS. Monologuist.
THE PAOLIS and DOG. .-•-'.-:
THE BIOGRAPH, new views.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday,
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
V alter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Maaaget
Second week of
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Elaborate production of McKee Rankin's great
success,
"THE RUNAWAY WIFE"
A beautiful domestic comedy-drama. 'i-,.J\
NEW SCENERY. STRONG CAST.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and sOc.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . iOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY •
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE,
I Mrs. Ernestine Kri'ling. Proprietor and Manager.
THIS EVENING
Balfe's Favorite Ballad Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL.
AN ALL STAR CAST.
New Scenery. Correct Costumes. Superb Cho-
rus and Magnificent Orchestra.
■ GRAND MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
•NEXT WEEK— Opening i of TUB COMIC
! OPERA SEASON. The new operatic fantasie.
- "THE CIRCUS QUEEN."
Mirth. Melody. Dance.
Popular prices, 2.'c and 50c. N. B. — A reserved
seat for the matinee 25c. telephone Bush 9.
ATTA7AD seats BY PHONE
AJL,L/AZ<AK Main 254.
LAST WEEK
of N. C. Goodwin's character play,
I "IN MIZZOURAI"
re s e at v ed Isc, 25c, 35c, 58c.
Next week Belasco and De Mille's exquisite
play, "THE WIFE." ''...,
. COMEDY THEATER.
TO-NIGHT THE GREAT MILITARY EVENT,
THE JOBSEY-MARVIN COMPANY
In the American war drama of to-day,
THE SIGNAL OF LIBERTY.
Every Evening. Matinee To-Morrow, Souven-
irs for All Saturday and Sunday Mat's.
Prices always— Evenings 15c, Be. 33c and 50c.
Matinees 25c to all parts, gallery is c .
Seats, Comedy , Theater and 71" Market st.
Coming— Charming CLARA THROPP.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. .
S/\N*CE"V BROS.,
High Pedestal Gymnasts.
SILVER AND WYATT: AGNES CASTOR. So-
prano; MAKING. Ysaye's Pride; "YOUNG
SANDOW"; JAPANESE ACROBATS
and a Great Bill in the FREE
THEATER.
•■ muzino's JAPANESE ACROBATS.
10c including Zoo and Theater. Children sc.
SUTRO BATHS, :
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 6 p. m., daring th»
■winter season 1593.
ADMISSION 100 - - - - CHILDREN ~xj
Bathing with admission, 85c; Children, 20c.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THJS MARKETS.
Silver •weaker.
Wheat lower.
Barley futures firmer.
Oats in active demand.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay very firm.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Millers cutting prices.
Lumber slowly Improving.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
Vegetables generally firmer.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry In.
Wine Grapes weak here and firm in the
country.
Dried Fruits dull. Raisins unsettled.
Honey continues firm.
Provisions unchanged.
No further decline In Hogs.
THE LUMBER TRADE.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron for October
says of the lumber trade: "Prosperity Is slow
ly but surely dawning upon the lumber circles
of this coast, and the conditions have a strong
tendency toward a normal readjustment. Mne I
and redwood are on the same plane and. while |
prices are as low as they can be and give even :
a small profit to the manufacturer, still they ;
are firm and show a slight possibility of a ]
near rise. The equality of redwood and pine
gives a stimulus .to former, and sales are i
larger and more freij\ent. The cause of this ;
condition Is found in the decrease of deliveries ;
of pine, for those of September have been
Ibout the same as In August. The reason for
the laxity of pine shipments is because of the
great Increase in the foreign demand and the !
scarcity of bottoms for local deliveries. Red
wood on the other hand has been forced into
the local market in sufficient quantities to meet
the demand.
"Local building Is picking up and money
seems easy and with a tendency toward liberal
construction of buildings."
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN* FRANCISCO, Oct. 3, 1898. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 60; Fresno, 66; Los Angeles, 6S; Red
Bluff, 62; San Luis Oblepo, 6S; San Diego, 6S; j
Sacramento, 64; Independence, — : Yuma, 81 •
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco Maximum temperature, |
60; minimum. 52; mean. IS.
The pressure has risen over the Pacific Slope i
during the day causing fair and clearing |
•weather in California and Nevada.
There have been very slight changes In tem
perature, and it is below the normal in all dis
tricts.
The weather ie generally clear in California,
except partly cloudy in the Sacramento Valley.
It is cloudy over Nevada; Utah, Idaho. Oregon
and Washington. Light rain fell in the upper
Sacramento Valley, along the extreme northern
coast of California and along the coast of Ore
gon and Washington. Snow Is falling In Wyo
ming.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 4. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy, probably with snow
flurries in the mountains Tuesday.
Cloudy, probably with rain or Enow in
the north portion Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
brisk northwest wind.
Specinl from Mount TamalDals— Clear; north
west. 20 miles; temperature. 4T: maximum tem
perature, C 2. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— Today's stock market
furnished a striking exhibition of the prole?- !
sional character of the trading. Developments i
over Sunday did not invite a change of tactics j
liy the leaders and on the resumption of busi- ,
ness trade against the industrials was renew- j
cd. Tobacco, Consolidated Gas. New York
Airbrake and various other properties of this '
class gave way rapidly and although the reac- •
lion halted after the first half hour, declines in
the meantime had been effected ranging up to 9 !
•points in New York Airbrake.
Consolidated Gas figured for 0 point? and To
bacco 5 points, the latter touching- 113. The :
bulls then started in to retrieve some of the j
ground lost last week and aft?r jumping from ,
or^e stock to another, Snail}' singled out To- |
bacco as a leader. The strength developed J
here soon permeated the entire list and prices i
forged steadily upward on animated dealings, ,
Interests which had be^n responsible for the ;
late demoralization in specialties also changed ]
front and operated for the long account. The
action was taken in order to shake oft an un- ]
desirable following, the market showing signs j
of having been oversold. This circumstance j
made speculative tactics profitable and efforts i
were made to squeeze the shorts. The traders j
were quick to take advantage of the changed
programme and any effort to cover a large line I
was followed by vigorous bidding with sharp
changes between transactions. Contributors
favorable influences developed as the day pro
gressed to strengthen the market. Arbitrage
houses executed heavy purchasing orders and a ;
decline In money rates induced more general !
buying for the long account. The market in |
detail presented many striking features and j
while realizations were extensive as the rise I
assumed headway the undercurrent of strength j
was not affected and final prices were well
above Saturday's level. Some hesitancy was j
noted at the inception of the rise and the !
market became semi -stagnant, the traders ap- i
parently holding aloof until the disposition of j
the leaders became more clearly denned. Ex- I
treme recoveries from the low point were: Ten ]
points In Tobacco, to 12Z; S in New York Air- '
brake and 5 in Consolidated Gas. Sugar, fig- !
ured for 3 points i\nd the balance of the list be- !
tween l and 2. The bond market opened with ■
an easier tendency but an active demand for i
Atchison adjustments, Wisconsin Central firsts
and Union Pacific, Denver an.i Gulf firsts soon,
changed the current of prices and marked gains i
followed. The reorganisation plans of the lat- \
ter company were Issued to-day and the drastic !
treatment accorded the common stock caused J
a decline to 4. Sales. $2,000,000.
Government bonds showed heaviness, the new
4s yielding % per cent.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 445,
870, Including: Atchison preferred, 442.", ; Bur- !
lington. 12.520; Manhattan, 30,884; Northern Pa- j
cific preferred, T2.JO; Hock Island, 7S2S; Union
Pacific, 7850; St. Paul, 13,450; Union Pacific
preferred, 8420; U. P., D. & G., 4195; Tobacco,
136,000; People's Gas, 10,220; Consolidated Gas,
3815; Sugar. 57.100; Leather preferred, C2SO;
Rubber, 5500; Rubber preferred, 3530.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12% St P M & M. .'.... 165
Do prefd 32% So Pacific 23%
Baltimore & Ohio 44% So Railway -■„
Canada Pacific .. M* Do prefd 33%
Canada Southern. 62 Texas & Pacific 13%
Central* Pacific .. 25 Union Pacific 33%,
Ches & Ohio 21"4 Do prefd 65}*
Chi' & Alton 152 UPD & G 4 I
Chi B & Q 114% Wabash 7"4
Chi & E 111 53% Do pretd 20%
Do prefd 106 Wheel & L E 3% i
CCC&StL..,, 3?'/i Do prefd 19>4 |
Do prefd 85 Express Companies — :
Del & Hudson... 10614 Adams Ex 112 i
Del L & \V 149 American Ex .... 130 I
Den & H G 13% United States 40
Do prefd 64% Wells Fargo 120
Erie (new) l.v, Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd.... 34"i|A Cot Oil 36%
Fort Wayne 171 Do prefd 85%
Gt Nor pr fd. ... 13* Arnn Spirits 12% i
Hocking Valley... 5 Do prefd 33% :
Illinois Central .. 11l Am YoDacco 122%
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Do prefd 120 |
Do nrefd 69 People's Gas 102%
Lake Shore 19214 Cons Gas ISO
Louis & .lash.... 64% Com Cable C 0.... 170.
Manhattan L .... 92% Col F A Iron 20
Met St Ry 156 Gen Electric SO |
Mich Centra] .... 106 Illinois Steel 69% I
Minn & St L.... 25% Laclede Gas 47T's !
Do Ist prefd.... 88% Lead 32% I
Mo Pacific .• 32% Do prefd 109%
Mobile " 0hi0.... 27 Nat I. in Oil 2%
Mo X & T 10% Haw Com Co 32%
Do prefd 32 Pacific Mail 32%
Chi Ind & L 8% Pullman Palace... 190%
Do prefd 29 Silver Certificates 61
N T Central 115% IB tan R & T 7%
N J Central 91 Sugar 118%
N V Chi & St L.. 12 Do prefd 106%
Do Ist prefd 63 T C ft Iron 27%
Do 2d prefd.... 3! U 8 Leather 6%
Nor "West 13% Do prefd 64%
No Amer Co 6% U S Rubber 39%
No Pacific 41% Do prefd 100 •
Do prefd 76% West Union ....... 90%
Ontario & W 16* C & X W >. 129%
Or R & Nay 54 Do prefd 175
Or Short Line 2*. St L& S W 4%
Plttsburg Hi Do prefd 11
Reading 17% R O W 27
Do Ist prefd 424 Do prefd 65
Rock Island 100% Chicago G W 14% |
St Louis & 3 F.. 7% Minn Iron 95%
Do Ist prefd.... 63% Intl Paper C 0.... 52%
Do 2d prefd 30% Do prefd 56%
St Paul 108% Pac C Ist prefd... 83 .
Do preffl 153% Do 2d prefd.... 61
St P & Om 78% I Brooklyn R T.... 64%
Do prefd 157% l
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 3s 105% N 3 C El 113%
V S new 4s reg.. 127 -, N Carolina 6s 122
Do coup 127% Do 4s 103
U S 4s 110% No Pae lsts 116%
Do coup 111% Do 3s 87%
Do Ma 9SV- Do 4k 100%
rS 5s reg 113 NvC& St L 4s. 104%
Do 5s c0up...... 113 Nor &W 6s 123
District 3.05s 117--- Northwstrn cons. 142%
Ala class A ins Do deb 5s 120
Do B 108 O Xav lsts 113
Do C 100 O Nay 4s 99%
Do Currency ... 104 OS Line 6s tr 126%
Atchison 4s 83% O H June us tr.... 106%
Do adj 4s 70% Pacific 6s of 95... 102%
Con So Ms 109 Reading 4s 82%
Chi Term 4s 89% R O W lnts S3
C & Ohio 5b 115 St L & I'M C ss. 96%
C H & D 4%5..... 104% St L & S F O Is. li:-%
D & n G lsts.... 110% St P Con 152%
D & R G 4s "7 St PC & P lsts.. 119
East Term lsts... 1C6% Do 5s 117
Erie Gen 4s 71% So Railway 97%
F W & D lsts tr. 74% Stand R & T 65... 75
' Gen Bloc 85....... 108 Term new set 35.. 92%
GH& S A 65.... 105 Tex Pac L G lsts. 106
Do 2ds 106 Do Rg Ms 44&
H & T C 5s 110*4 1 Union Pacific 4s. 98<£
Do con 6s 112' 'V P D & G lsts. 78
lowa C lots 103*4 Wab Ist os 111 V»
La new cons 45.. 105 I Do 2ds fj>Vs
L & N Unl 45.... 87% W Shore 4s 109
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries «]
M K& T 2ds C 2 | Do deferred .... 6
Do 4b 88% Wla Central lsts. sfa
N V Central lsts. 116! a
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar * 15|Ontario 3 50
Crown Point 12 Opnir »0 .
Con Cal & Va 65 Plymouth 12 ,
Dead wood 35 Quicksilver 120
Gould & Curry.... IS Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcross. 75 Sierra Nevada 70
Homestake 45 00 Standard 1 6o
Iron Sliver 60 Union Con m
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket la
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— i Do prefd 106
Call loans 2 @3% Westinghouse El. S3V4
Time loans ....Vh@W% Do prefd 57
Stocks- Ed El Tel ........ 185
A T & 3 F 12% Atchison prefd ... 32
Amur Sugar ... 118V4 1 Bonds—
Do nn'fd 107 Alchlson 4b 93
Bay Slate Gas... la Mining Shares— j
Bell Telephone 280 Allouez Mm C 0... Bft
Bgmoii <* Albany. 248 Atlantic M* j
Boston a: Maine. 163 Bsoton & Mont .. 223
Chi Bur & Q 116% Butte & Boston.. 23 •
■ Fitchburg 104% Calumet & Hecla. 580 i
Gen Elec new SO Centennial 104 !
: Illinois Steel 70 Franklin 129* j
: Mexican Central.. 4",. Old Dominion .... ..S ,
NY & New ling. PS Osceola »< j
! Old Colony 192 Qulncy li«
-Or Short Line.... 30 Tamarack 171
1 Rubber 38 Vi! Wolverine 2"%
! Union Pacific .... Parrott 23J4
j West End 85%iHumboldt *»
LONDON MARKET. .
i NEW YORK. Oct. Th« Evening - Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
I markets here to-day were dull and stagnant
| and irregular. Brazils were strong on the rise
|in exchange to S>*d. This rapid. »rise in ex
change is partly due to the closing of bear
operations in exchange. Americans opened dull,
became quieter later and closed irregular and
dull. There was good buying of Portuguese. I
| Spanish 4s were strong on Paris buying. Kaf
firs were good, as also Grand Trunk, the lat
i ter on the semi-annual report, which is sat
i isfactory but featureless. Argentines were j
i lower on realizations.
■ The Paris bourse was steady and the Berlin
| market was quiet on tight money.
1 learn from a good source that the next re
turn of the Hank of Germany will show an
enormous reaction in the cash reserve, as a \
! result of the end of the quarter requirements,
| but whether the bank rate will be raised with- j
; in the next ten days depends on how soon this ■
: money will return from circulation.
MADRID, Oct. 3.— Spanish fours to-day
dosed at 64.16. _ ,_
LONDON, Oct. 3.-4 p. m.— Canadian Pacific, ■,
87%; Grand Trunk, TV Bar Silver, quiet,
2S 3-16 d per ounce. Money, 2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts, 31,- |
14S barrels; exports. IS.SSS. Quiet and s@loc 1
lower.
j WHEAT— Receipts, 70,000 bushels; exports, j
377,::75. Spot steady; No. 2 red. 73V»c f. o. b. j
afloat. Options opened weak and declined un- j
der heavy spring wheat receipts, lower cables :
i and large world's shipments. In a later at- ,
I tempt to cover prompted by the English visible
supply decrease and French buying prices re- >.
covered, eloping He net higher. Sales Included
No. 2 red May. 6<?s@CSttc, closed V-
IPS- Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
M ETA LS V Exchange closed.
PIGIRON— Steady, J7. ._„ „,
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and steady, $12 25.
TIN— and firmer. $1626.
LEAP— Dull, $390; brokers. $3 BSH
COFFEE Options closed quiet, prices (WHO
points advance. Sales, 9.500 bags .including De
cember $:> fes; March, ?6 10. Spot Coffee— Rio,
■: A R-DHU-" urinal. Refining fair, 3 V ;
1 centrifugal, 96 test, 4tte; molasses sugar, 3*»c;
"ISUTTER— Receipts, 7660 packages; steady;
Western creamery. i5%@20%c; Elglns, 20^c;
fa EGGS-Recli P V; 9208 packages. Steady:
. Western, 17% c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— California Dried Fruits
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common 6©Sc;
prime wire tray. S%c; choice. 9c; fancy, 9%c.
IpHicOT'i-R^yal. ll*?13e: Moorpark 12«16c.
PEACHKS-Unpeeled. 7ff9c; peeled. 12® lac.
CHICAGO GRAIX MARKET.
I CHICAGO, Oct. *.— A decline Of Uc marked
-Tiinr' trades In Wheat, December start- |
j ng . I with Saturday's
close of 62®62%c. Thi? slight br-ak was fol
. by a further break of 61%®61%c, then for i
an hour or more the market kept within V
range The news usually affecting the market
. xtraordinarily bearish, and that prices
did not decline further was probably due to
almost utter lack of interest displayed by trad
ers the pit at times being duller even th.vi
Saturday when half of the broker? were ab
sent The world's shipments 01' Wheat and
; Flour were very heavy. The visible supply
I an increase of 1.955 ">■> bushels where
not more than 760,000 bushels Increase was
looked for. Bulls derived a *raln of comfort
•he heavy rains in the Northwest, which,
it was figured, would lessen the receipts in that
quarter. After the first hour's trading the mar- .
ket gradually grew weaker. Selling in •
In volume, tli >ugh at no time did it :■
large proportions. News was altogetlu
bearish to allow of much buying ar.d the light
demand resulted in a slow decline. After noon,
however, the ir.arket firmed up considerably.
Influenced by a recovery at St. Louis and the
t of some fair-sized buying
New Y.ik. Sellers tried to cover, but had a
leal of difficulty in doing mo, and Decem- ;
is finally bid up to 62>4@62\ic, where it
- . a gain of He
Corn was exceedingly dull and trading was ;
narrow throughout. The close was unchanged <
fr. m Saturday.
; The market for Oats was almopt without in-
Cident of note. The market was =t-ady all day
within U c range on a narrow trsule mostly of a
local nature.
Provisions were as dull as grain. The market
early was steady because of larger decreases '
In stocks than expected. Yellow fever talk
and liberal receipts resulted in a gradual
W( ikenir.g, the market closing easy.
Th • leading future.- ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
October 63*4 634 62« i 63*4
December 61"(, C2'/4 61% 63 *
May 63 i C 4 63% 63%
Corn, No. 2—
October 25% 2ST4 28% 28%
i December 2!<V«, ' 2SVi 29 29%
j May 21% 31& 31% 81%
Oats, No. 2—
December 21 21 20% 30% i
May 22»4 21",4 20' A 2214
Mess Pork, per bbl—
Octobt-r 7 82'^
December 8 CO 8 00 7 93 7 96
January 9 02>£ 905 BSS 8 97»i
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 4 6".
December 475 4 7"',-4 4 72^ 4 72 "4
January 455 487 Vi 4 S2VS 4 S2& '
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 5 27% 530 525 5 27% I
January 4 67% 4 67% 4 62% 465 j
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, sS@6l%c; i
I No. 2 red, 62c; No. 2 corn. 2S%@29ftc; No. 2
i oats, 21c f. o. b. : No. 2 white. 21%ifj22c f. o. b.;
j No. 3 white, 22%@2Jc; No. 2 rye, 45c; No. 2 bar
ley, 31%#4i%c f. o. b. ; No. 1 flax seed, 88c;
prime timothy seed, $2 30; mess pork, per bar
| rel, $7 9308: lard, per 100 pounds, %i 7694 77%;
j short ribs sides (loose), $5 15<S$5 35; dry salted I
shoulders (boxed), 4%@4%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $5 4085 50; whisky, distillers' finished
i goods, per gallon, SI 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
1 Flour, barrels 10,000 8,000 I
Wheat, bushels 232.000 41,000
Corn, bushels 664,000 812,000
Oats, bushels 532,000 666,000
Rye, bushel* 31,000 72,000 i
Barley, bushels 152,000 18,000 |
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter |
' market was steady; creameries, 13@19%c; dair- 1
j ies, 12<617c. Cheese, steady; 7%@9c. Eggs, j
i firm; fresh, 14c.
j
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments. '
Cities — Bushels. Bushels. \
, Minneapolis 681,840 110,260
! Duluth 560,660 729.660
Milwaukee 65,650 32.&00
Chicago 232,000 40.5C7 :
Toledo .' 52,805 3.000 ,
St. Louis 21.700 46,000 i
Detroit 15,613 1,011
Kansas City 346,500 71,500 1
Totals 1,959,768 ' ' 1,034,998 ;
I Tidewater —
Boston 38.300 i
New York 370.000 377,326
Philadelphia 15,585 20,428 i
Baltimore 66,232 32.000
New Orleans
Galveston 54,404 139,037
Totals 544,:21 562,731 j
LIVERPOOL rUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. 1
Opening 5 5% 5 4% \
Closing 5 5% • 64% I
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jail. -Apr.
Opening 47 25 45 75 '■
Closing 47 30 45 75 :
Wheat-
Opening .........21 2140
Closing 21 30 21 40 I
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 3.— CATTLE— SaIes were 1
made on a basis of S4<?M 75 for common to fair j
grades of native \ beef steers, up to $5 5005 85 ■
I for choice to extra shipping lots, the bulk of
j the sales being at $4 9b<u'i 60; stockers and feed- i
j ers prices were unchanged; a car of prime 1450- j
pound Montana steers brought $4 75.
HOGS— Sales were at an extreme range of J
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
$3 (60S 95, the bulk going for $3 70@3 90. Pigs
were in good demand and sold largely at $3 40<B>
3 70. A few fancy selected hogs were sold to
butchers at $4. .„ „„
SHEEP— Native sheep were wanted at *2 : wg>
3 50 for the commonest lots up to $4 40@4 .0 for
choice to prime flocks, and Western range
sheep were in demand at $3 50(§>4 35. Mutton
sheep sold largely at $3 90<§>4 25 and feeders
sold freely at $3 Eo@4. Lambs were active at
13 75@4 50 for the common grades to $5 70@6 for
choice natives.
Receipts— Cattle, 21,000; Hogs. 35,000; Sheep,
20.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 3.— CATTLE—
12,000. Native steers, $4@5 45: cows and heifers,
Jl ' ■'•■ t 50; stockers and feeders, $3@4 90; bulls,
$2 %m to.
HOGS— Receipts, 5000. Market weak to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales, $3 60(33 70; heavies, $3 60
3 75; packers, $3 66®3 70; mixed. $3 50ii?3 70;
lights, $3 60@3 70; yorkers, $3 60@3 70; pigs, |3 20
@3 6. >.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 25@5; muttons, $3 20©4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Oct. 3.— CATTLE— 6200.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 50®>5 40;
Western steers, $3 75(g'4 40; Texas steers, $3 50®
4; cows and heifers, $3@3 90; stockers and feed
ers, $3 6004 50; calves, $4 50@7; bulls, stags,
! etc.. $2 40@3 SO.
HOGS— Receipts, 3SOO. Market Be lower.
! Heavy, $3 62H@3 C7H: mixed, $3 65@3 67%;
i light, $3 65@3 70: bulk of sales, $3 65<93 67^4.
I SHEEP— Receipts, 4300. Market strong. Na
! tive muttons, $3 80®4 40: Westerns, $3 60@4 25;
| stockers, $3 60@4 10; lambs, $4@5 50.
DENVER.
I DENVER. Oct. 3.— Receipts, 1000.
Market steady. Beef steers, $3 75®4 25; cows.
$3>33 50; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 75@
4 20; stockers, freight paid, $3 75@4 60; bulls,
stags, etc., $253.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market 10c higher.
Light packers. $3 70@3 80; mixed, $3 65@3 75;
heavy. $3 60* 3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 18.000. Market quiet Gk>od
fat muttons, $3 25@4 25; lambs, $4 25@5 25.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT BALES.
CHICAGO. October The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California Fruit at auction to-day
realizing the following prices:
Malagas, $1 25(gl 40, average $1 37; Sal way
Peaches, 40@95c, average 63c; George's Late,
■ 40Qti0c; Lev! Clin- 65@80c, average 73c.
Weather favorable. Six cars sold.
Porter Bros. Company's sales of California
; fruit were as follows:
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Bartlett, $1 40®
i 2 55 box; Sheldon, $1 85: Winter Nells, 90c half
; box; Glout Meroeau, $1. Grapes— Tokay, WiP
1 7. . single crate; assorted, $1 20: Malvoise, $1;
Muscat, 70@90c; Malaga, BSe. Peaches— Salway.
40iJf95c; George's Late, 60@S0c; Strawberry
Cling, 45@75e; Yellow Cling, 35c box. Seven
teen cars sold.
CHICAGO. Oct. 3.— Pears-Bartlett. $2 Eo@2 70
! per box and II 20 half box. Grapes— Tokay, $2 45
double crate and 65ci{f$l 45 single crate; Muscat,
jsl 10. Peaches— Salway, 65(§95c box; George's
. Late, 65c. Five cars sold.
: FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Oct. 3.— Consols, 110 1-16; Silver
j 28 3-16 d; French rentes, 102f 42% c; Wheat car-
I goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes
( on passage, easy for white, quiet for red; Eng-
I lish country markets, easy; Wheat and Flour
| on passage to U. X., 1.540,000; Wheat and Flour
' on passage to Continent, 1,120,000; Indian ship
. ments Wheat to U. X., 15,000; Indian shipments
Wheat to Continent, 4000.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 3.— 'Wheat, dull; Wheat
in Paris, quiet; Flour In Paris, quiet; French
• country markets, easy.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 1-I6d.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; December,
5s 5%d; March, 5s 4?« d.
The Imports of Wheat into Liverpool for the
week: From Atlantic ports, 121.000 quarters;
from Pacific ports, none; from other ports, 13,
000 quarters.
The imports of Corn from Atlantic ports for
the week were 83,300 quarters.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. Exchanges, $437,
i 220; balances, $89,191.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 3.— The local wheat
markets were quiet again to-day. Receipts
were heavy, over 200 cars coming in. Walla
, Walla was quoted at E7@3Bc, the latter being
!an extreme figure. Valley and blue stem, 60
! ©-file.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. Wheat, club, 6Sc; blue
: stem. 61c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
j EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
; Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
! Sterling Exchange, • sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 85%
j New York Exchange Bight — 17% i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20 i
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars 47% i 7%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week opened on a still lower
market. The demand was slack as usual, and
} the situation was unsatisfactory all around.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 16%@1 18%; milling. i
I $1 20-&1 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Infer. ,ial Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
I 16.000 ells. $1 16; 26,000, $1 15%; 42.000 $1 15«
• 61*0, $1 lb' : 60011. *1 16%.
Sec 1. I .-ess-lon— December — 2000 ctls, |1 16% •
45.C00. $1 16%
Regular morning session — December — 000
I ctls. $1 17%; 8000, $1 17%; 12.000, $1 17%; 2000
$1 17: 6000, $1 16%; 26,000, $1 16%.
I Afternoon session — December — ctls, SI 16 T 4:
16,000, 51 17; 2000, <■ 17%.
BARLEY— There was an advance In futures,
: but the spot market showed no Improvement.
Feed, $1 2001 22%; Brewing, $1 25 for No. 1
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 1
2COO ctls; $1 22%; 10,000, $1 22%.
Second session — December — ctls, $1 24
| COCO, $1 23%.
I Regular morning December— 2000 ctls
Jl 24; 2000, SI 23%.
Afternoon session No sales.
OATS— Business; continues good at unchanged •
1 prices.
Fancy Feed, $1 27% per ctl; good to choice
$1 20@l 22%; common, $1 IS@l 17%; Surprise
U 30®l 32%; Gray, SI 17%@1 20; milling, 11 20© '
1 25 per ctl; Red, SI 35@1 45; Black, $1 4o(u> i
1 65.
; CORN— feeling Is weak again, though
there is no decline. '
Small round yellow, $1 25; Eastern large yel
low. SI 07%@l 10; white, SI 12%@1 15; mixed.
: $1 05@l 07% per ctl; California White, SI 1542
1 20.
RYE-SI 20® 1 22% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The quotations for mlllstuffs are nominal, as
! the millers are said to be cutting right and
left.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $4@4 15 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
1 lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
, Flour, S3 2:. per 100 lbs; Flour, $2 75 per 100:
I Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, S2 50; extra cream
I Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat Groats.
I $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
04 25; Cracked Wheat, S3 75; Farina, $4 50;
; Whole Wheat Flour, S3 60; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), S5 «©« 25; In sacks, $3 65@S 05; Pearl Bar
j ley, S5; Split Peas. $1 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The situation In Hay remains unchanged.
j The market Is very firm, and the rain has no
effect whatever upon it. Choice grades are
very scarce.
Bran and Middlings are the same.
BRAN— 9I3 50<&15 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SlS(g2o per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. 126 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, |31f?31 50; Job
bing. 1320*2 60; Cocoanut Cake, $24<&25; Cotton-
I seed Meal, ?2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 60®
! 24 50; Cracked Corn, $24<jT25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16@18 for good
;to choice and $13@15 for lower grades: no
I fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat. $15@18;
I Oat, 514&16 60: Island Barley, $12 50@14; Al
i falfa, 511012 50; Stock, $11@12 50; Clover, nom
inal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
j Wheat, $12.50@14; Oat. $12@13 50; Cheat. 11l 500
j 12 60; Timothy. $11@13 50; Alfalfa, $10 6001150
per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
j No further change In quotations reported.
BEANS— $1 Ss@l 95; Small Whites, $2
I @2 15; Large Whites, $1 50@l 75; Pinks, $2 35®
2 40; Reds, $3; Blackeye, $3 25@3 50; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $3 25©3 35; Pea. SI 90@2 05;
I Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75 per otl;
Yellow Mustard, $4@4 25; Flax, $2 00<3>2 10;
; Canary Seed, '2%@2%c per IT): Alfalfa, 5%@6c;
: Rape, 2%@3%c: Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 5@
' 5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, SI 35@1 50; Green, SI 50
] @1 75 per ctl. •;-.->:•?
j POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
I Potatoes and Onions range about the same.
Vegetables are steady and some descriptions
! are still higher, as the season is drawing to a
' close.
POTATOES— for Early Rose and 40®
: 56c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 80c
@1 15; Oregon, 70c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, l@l'/ic
4>er Ib for nearby and lli^mc for Merced. -
• ONIONS— 6O@6Oc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
j Onions. So^rSSc per ctl.
j VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 8c; String
I Beans l(s'2c: Lima Beans, 75cfi$l per sack; Bay
j Squash, 35@50c; .Green Peppers, 40@50c for
! Chili and 60@60c for Bell; Cabbage. . 50c; Car
rots, 30@50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 35i§;50c:
' Pickles, $1 75©2 per ctl : for No. - 1 and Sl^l 25
; for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 35@50c; Bay Toma
: toes, 35060 c; : Green Corn, 75cigfl 25 per crate:
I Garlic. 3c per !b; Green Okra. 50<g:65c; Dried :
i Okra, We per lb; Egg Plant, 40@60c per box;
Marrowfat Squash, $B@lo per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per IT> in lots of 25 tt>s; sliced
desiccated, 16@18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c: Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There will be considerable Eastern on the
market this week. Three cars came In yester
day and l more will fall due on Wednesday.
The Eastern is selling at 15@17c for Turkeys,
$4 50 for Ducks, $6 for Hens, $5 for old Roos
ters and Fryers. $4 for broilers and $6 50@7 50
lor young Roosters.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@18c for Gob
blers and l.irdlßc for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 2."Tn 50; Goslings, $1 2o(gl 50; Ducks, $4*5 50
for old and $4@6 for young Hens. $4<fi>s 50;
Roosters, young, $5@6; Roosters, old, $4 25@4 50;
Fryers, $*«g'4 6u; Broilers, $3 50(^4 for large,
$3<S<3 50 for small; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen
for old and $1 50®2 for squabs.
GAME — Prices Were lower yesterday as was
expected, but arrivals sold off well and there
was none left over.
Quail. $1 75; Mallard. $506; Sprig, $4
@4 50; Teal, $2 50@3 60; Widgeon, $2 50^3; Small
Duck. $1 50@l 75; English Snipe, $3@3 50; Jack
Snipe, $1 60; Gray Geese, $3^3 50, Hare, $1;
Rabbits, $1 25(8:1 60 for Cottontails and $I®l 25
for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The failure of the steamer Chllkat to arrive
with expected supplies of Butter left the mar- j
ket bare yesterday, but the deficiency will j
probably be supplied to-day. Prices were un
changed. Eggs and Cheese were undisturbed.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 2&@29c; sec
onds, 26'^@27^4c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 23<g250; common
grades, 2(Xg22c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 18ia>2Oc; plokled roll.
20521 C; creamery tub, 21<j?2240.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16®18ftc per
Tb; Elgin. 22®22Hc. _
CHEESE -Choice mild new, 10@llc; old, tVt®
»%c; Creani Cheddar, lo<g>Uc: Young America,
lOH'J'll'ic; Eastern. 124T13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 32%(gi35c per doaen; store
Eggs. 18@25c: Eastern, 15@18c for ordinary
and 22@23c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Wine Grapes are firmer In the country than
In this market. In Napa County, according to
letters received yesterday. $12 60 is bid for Zin
fandels. In Sonoma $10 is the bidding price,
while $11 is reported from the Healdsburg dis
trict. Here the market is weaker at $15 as the
j extreme, as there are more coming In under
! contract than the market can stand.
Other fruits are dull and not materially
changed. • „„ .
The last steamer brought up about 600 boxes
Mexican Limes.
DECIDLOTS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 50@4 per chest for large «n<l
$7.t/9 for small.
Figs, JPQISc per box. double layers.
Cantaloupes. $I^lso per crate; Nutmegs,
35675 c per box; Watermelons. $11.®20 per hun
dred for large and $10@12 for small to me
dium.
Huckleberries, 7c per It).
Quinces. &04J75C.
Pomegranates, 7Dc@sl 50 per box, according
to size.
Cranberries. $8 00@9 no per barrel.
Ordinary Grapes, 20^50c per box; Seedless,
66976 c; crates sell about 10c higher than boxes;
Isabellas, 40fi"75c per crate; Wine Grapes, $13®
l."> per ton for Zlnfandel and $10@13 for common
kinds.
Blackberries, $2 $o®s per chest.
Plume. 35<&60c per crate and box.
Peaches 501066 c per box for good to choice
and 354] 40c for common stock; In bulk. $15^30
per ton for freestones.
Raspberries. »6©7 per chest.
Apples. 86980 c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choice.
Bartlett Pears. 75cg:$l 25 per bo«; Winter
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges $1 50@2 for Va
lencias, $1 2601 50 for St. Michaels. $1 25 for
Mediterranean Sweets and 7nc®sl for Seedlings;
Lemons i\ 50®J 50 f"r common and $31*5 for
good to' choice; Mexican Limes, $siii6; Califor
nia Llmee, ; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3^4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There Is some confusion regarding the condi- !
tion of the Dried Fruit market. Advices from
the East report the market for California fruits
firm and slowly tending upward, while local
dealers quote the market dull and weak. There
Is no change In prices.
Raisins are unsettled, owing to the expected
advance In quotations on the Bth.
Honey continues stiff and active at the ad-
DRIED FRUIT— 7<??7»4c for 40-50'
E^ffo^ic for 50-60' 4%c for 60-70' s, 3%@4c for
TORSO'S 3»*@3iic for 80-90' 2%@3c for 90-lWi
and 24j2V*c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. s@7>*c;
Peaches G@SM.c for good to choice, 9@loe for
fancy and 10<&12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10®
l»c for Royals and 12@12^c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7Vi'<i7^c; sun dried. 4@
41A0: Black Figs, sacks, 2«J2V4c; Plums, 4%@
Cc for pitted and l@U4c for unpltted; Nec
tarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6®7c
for quarters and B®9o for halves.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown. 4c for three
crown 4%c for four-crown. 44'SCc for Seedless
Sultanas, 3V«c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers: dried Grr s. 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 6c for hardsell, 7c for soft
shell- Almonds, s@6c for hardshell, 13c for
softshell, 13<ffHc for paper-shell: Peanuts, 4@
5%c for Eastern and 4>4c for California; Pe
cans, GHSSc; Filberts, 9%«?10c; Brazil Nuts,
S@9c per tb: Cocoanuts, $4 50@6 per hundred.
HONEY— Comb. lO^llc for bright and BVi@
9Hc for lower grades; water white extracted.
7@7Vlc; light amber extracted, 6@6^,c; dark,
5@6V c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24<7?26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B@B%c per It> for
heavy^S^^c for light medium. lOHc for light,
11 for extra light and'l2V4®l3c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10«4c; California
Hams, 9Hc; Mess Beef. |10®10 50 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $11® 11 60; Family Beef, $12@12 50;
extra prime Pork. $10: extra clear, $;B®lß 50;
mess. $15 B0©16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per ID.
LARD— tierces, quoted at 6c per IT)
for compound and TVic for pure; palls. 8c; Cali
fornia tierces. 5c per It) for compound and 6%c
for pure; half barrels, 7c; 10-It» tins, 7%c; 6-n>
COTTOLENE — Tierces. s%(g~6i;c; packages
lees than 300 lt>s— l-lb palls, 60 In a case, 9ftc;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c: 5-rb palls, 12 In a
.case, BUc; 10-Ib palls, 6 in a case. B%c; 60- It)
tins 1 or 2 In a case. 7'/4c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. SV; fancy tubs, 80 rbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND — Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, B%c; Cow
hides BV4«if9 1 ;4c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9o; Calf,
9c: dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands,
12<7j13c": dry Kip and Veal. 1. .c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@23c each; short
wool. 30#40c each; medium. 60@80cr long wool.
90c(?r$l 10 each; Horsehldes. salt, $2 for
large and fltil 50 for small: Colts. f>oc: Horse
hiflps. dry. $1 BO for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 3ii@3Hc per lt>;
No. 2. 2V4<S2^c: refined. 4U(!T4«4c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, »rffl2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months', S©loc: Foothill and
Northern, free. 12@14c: Foothill and Northern,
defective. 10@12c; Middle County. 13(p16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 14©16 c: Nevada. 10<ai4e;
Eastern Oregon, 10<fM2c: Valley Oregon, 15t3>17c.
HOPS— IBBB crop, 11®13%c; 1897 crop, nominal.
t GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal at 4%<gsc: Wool Bags, 28@28c; San
Quentln Bags. $4 83; Fruit Bags. sc, BHc and
6%c for the three grades of white and 7@Bo
for brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. *S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Beattle.
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend, $7 50;
Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $11 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10
per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate, $7 60;
Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6Hc; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A. 6c; California A. s*c; Magnolia A,
5%c; Extra C, s^e; Golden C. 5%c: halt barrels.
Vie more than barrels, and boxes %c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The expected decline In Hogs has not yet ap
peared, but packers quote the market weak at
the prices below.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6@6%c; second quality,
BM;c; third quality. 4@sc.
VEAL— Large, 5@6; small. B%@Bc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 6@7c; Ewes, 6@6V40
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 7HC"> per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@3%c for large. lT4@4c
for medium and 3»4<a3%c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3c; dressed Hogs." 5%@6%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday. October 3.
Flour, qr Bks ... 6,510 Hops, bales 155
Wheat, ctls G3,". Wool. bales 184
Barley, ctls ..... 6,20) Quicksilver, flsk. 131
Corn, ctls 35 Lumber, ft 10,000
Butter, ctls ..... 17; Pelts, bdls :. 30
Cheese, ctls 183 Eggs, . doz 780
Beans, sks ...... COS Wine, gals 70,950
Bran, sks 1,806 Brandy, gals 3.500
Potatoes, ska ... 4,840 Sugar, bags 2,353
Onions, sks 1.025 Leather, rolls ... 49
Middlings, sks .. 515 Hides, no ........ 231
Hay, tons 863 Lime, bbls JSi!
Straw, tons ..... 20 Raisins, bxs ..... 1.915
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6,B74|Wheat. ctls 3,830
Barley, ctls 3.530 Middlings, 1 elts .. 285
Oats, ctls 2.193 Shorts, sks 475
Bran, ska 4,063 Hay. tons ........ 10
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls ..... 14,250 1 Bran, sks ........ 4.104
Oats, ctls 1.200 Middlings, sks .. 121
Barley, ctls ..... 8,350 1 Shorts, sks ; 11
, . EASTERN. .
Com, ctls .....'... 1,600 1 Rye. ctl« ........ 440
" NEVADA. -
Hay, tons 20 ..»•' *. j
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were considerably firmer, as
will be seen, though there was little Improve
ment in business.
Bullion has levied an assessment of 6 cents.
The Utah assessment sale takes place to-day.
In local securities Hawaiian Commercial con
tinued the attractive stock, rising to *34 under
liberal transactions.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company has
declared its regular monthly dividend of 60
cents per share, payable October 10.
The San Jose Water Company will pay the
usual monthly dividend of 50 cents per share
on October 10.
The annual meeting of the Exchequer Min
ing Company has been called for October 13.
The Marina Mariscana Gold Mining Com
pany of Shasta County has levied an assess
ment of 2 cents per share, delinquent Octo
ber 31.
The Job Bowers Mining Company of Utah
has levied an assessment of 1 cent per share,
amounting to 14000.
The Starlight Mining Company of El Dorado
County has levied an assessment of 40 cents per
share, delinquent October 20.
The official report of the work done in the
Sierra Nevada mine during the past v.-eek la
as follows: Rlley tunnel— West crosscut No. 3
from the south drift, from a point 147 feet
south from the tunnel, has been advanced for
the week 6 feet and stopped; total. 106 feet;
face in porphyry with stringers of quart*.
Have taken out 6 mining carloads of ore from
the third floor. The assays from samples
taken from the cars were: Gold $2150, and 7
ounces of silver per ton. The station at the
140-foot level of the shaft has been completed
and a northwest drift started and advanced 28
feet, making a total distance from the shaft of
■49 feet. The face Is in porphyry, with clay
seams and a seepage of water. 900-foot level—
The raise started from the west crosscut No. 3
from the north lateral drift has been advanced
for the week 8 feet; total, 38 feet; roof In
porphyry.
Brunswick lode— Best A Belcher, Gould &
Curry and Savage — The Joint west crosscut,
started at a point 194 feet north of the tunnel
line in the north drift, was advanced 18 feet;
face in porphyry; total length. 169 feet.
Chollar and Potosi— Boo-foot level— The Joint
Chollar and Potost south drift has been ad
vanced 13 feet for the week; total length. 137
feet south of the Chollar north line. The face I
Is In porphyry. Have started east crosscut, 130 \
feet south of the east crosscut No. 1. or at a
point one set of timbers from the end of the !
drift.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter for
the past week says: From the stopes on the 550
and 450 levels we have extracted and milled 140
tons of ore of the average value of |8 20 per
ton, as per battery samples.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Oct. 3—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
TJ S Bonds— S F G & 8.... 87Vi 87%
4s quar coup.. 110%lll%! San Fran 3 —
4s quar reg-.-l^lW^Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4a quar new. . .126%127Vi Insurance —
3s new 1049-4104* Firem's Fund. 2os —
Miscellaneous — Water Stocks —
Cal-st Cab ss. 115Vill6<£ Contra Costa.. 65 «0
Cal El 6s 125 — .Marin Co 50 —
C C Wat 55.. .100 101 Spring Valley. lol 101%
Dup-st ex c... — 98^%! Bank Stocks—
X L & P 65... 132 132VAnglo-Cal 63 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — llßViißank of Ca1. ..249 —
Geary-st H os. — 100 Cal S D & T.. 96% 97%
H C & 8 4^8.100 — First Nat 205 —
L A L Co 65.. — 100 ,Lon P & L....129 —
Do gutd 65.. i»9 100% Mer Exchange 15 16
Market-st 6s..l2SV£— Nev Nat 8....160 185
Do Ist M 55.114Mi114% Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97>i Ger S & L..1600 1650
N C isGRy "5.10414 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65..11354 — Mutual Say. — 42H
N Uy Cal C 5..103 — S F Say V.. 490 800
N P C R R 65. 103 10$ S & L, 50.... — 98
NPC It R ss. 100 102 '.Security S B 300 350
N Cal R R 6s. — — (Union T Co. 1000 —
Oak Gas ss.\ ..108»4109>4j Street Rllroads—
Om Ry 6s 126 — California 108 —
P&CI Ry 65.. — 107 (i^iry 45 —
P & O 6s 112 — Market-st 54% 64%
PoweU-at 65. ..119 — Presidio BV4 10
Reno W !>&L..100 — Powder—
] Sac El Ry -is. 100 — California 125 145
HF & N P ss. — 106 E Dynamite... &5 86
; SierraßCal 6s. — 106 Giant Con Co. 48H 48%
B Pof Ar 65.. 108 — Vlgorlt 2% 3
I S P Cal 6s 110V4 — Miscellaneous—
! SPC la eg 55.. — 104 |A 1 Pac Assn. .lol% —
S p iir 6s 116 — |Ger 1A Wks.J.l4 —
8 V AVater 6s. 117 — iHana P C 0.... 18 18%
S V Water 45.103%103%!H C& S C 0... 34 34%
Stockton Gas.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 58% 59
(las A Electric— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent Gaslight. lOs — N a t Vln 65... — 6
Cent L & P... 7T4 Si Oceanic S Co. 55^ 56
Mutual El Co. 94 12 Pacific AF A. 14 2%
Oakland Can.. 53'u 63% Pac C Bor Co. 97 —
Pac Ga3 Imp.. — 89 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac L, Co 43 —
Xlornlng Session.
5 Giant Powder Con 48 00
75 Hana Plantation Co 18 12V4
425 do do 18 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 58 76
20 Oakland Gas 53 50
6(5 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 00
2r.0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 32 00
200 do do 32 30
600 flo do 32 73
150 do do * 33 00
20) do do 33 25
50 do do 33 50
50 do do 33 62V4
5 Pacific Lighting 48 73
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 75
75 Spring Valley Water 101 00
$6000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 103 37V4
Street—
300 liana Plantation Co IS 00
Afternoon Session.
25 Alaska Packers' Astociatlon 101 75
215 Giant Powder Con 4S 30
SSO Hana Plantation Co 18 00
50 do do s 3 18 00
475 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 33 50
23 do do 33 75
145 do do 34 00
230 Hutchinson S P Co 5S 75
10 Market-street Railway 54 CO
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 103 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 50
10 Spring Valley Water 101 12Vi
10 do do 10125
$20fiS F & N P Ry Bonds 109 50
60 Vlgorit Powder 2 75
Street—
25 Merchants' Ex Bank 16 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 31 75
BO do do 32 00
76 do do 32 x2^4
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 00
20 Spring Valley Water 10100
40 Hutchinson S P Co 53 75
Afternoon Session.
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar S3 25
85 do do 33 50
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s 103 62V4
50 Market-street Railway 54 50
$3000 8 F & S J V Ry Co 5> 105 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following vrere the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
350 Best & Belcher. 23 COO Mexican 19
100 C hollar 16 300 Opnir 48
600 Con Cal & Va... 63 100 Potost 17
200 68 i 700 Scorpion 07
300 Gould & Curry.. 20] 100 Sierra Nevada... 76
600 19ilOOUtah 07
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 10.200 Mexican 21
860 Best & Belcher. 26|300 » 22
350 27 300 Ophlr 52
I 100 Caledonia 2/ 800 5$
100 Chollar 18 100 Potosl 18
400 Con Cal & Va... 78 600 Savage 09
I 800 80 100 Sierra Nevada... 80
200 79 100 SZ
100 Crown Point ... 16 100 81
300 15 300 Union Con 24
600 Gould & Curry.. 21 100 Yellow Jacket... 20
300 22
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
I 300 Belcher 14 250 Mexican IS
! 400 Best & Belcher.. 2»:20O 19
i 500 Bullion 021700 Ophlr 48
1.-.O I'uledonla 27 SOO 49
300 Chollar 17 400 Potosl 17
1000 Con Cal & Va.. 70 1000 Savage 08
800 69 300 07
300 71 150 Sierra Nevada... 75
300 Crown Point.... 14 400 76
800 Gould & CUrry-- 20 400 Union Con 21
150 Hale & Norcrs.. 78 500 Yellow Jacket.. 19
700 Justice 09 200... 18
Afternoon Session.
300 Chollar 18 800 Ophir 60
1000 Con Cal & Va... 70 300 61
600 • 72 400 52
2600 Con Imperial... 01 1500 Savage ' 09
1200 Crown Point .. 15 300 Sierra Nevada... 80
150 Mexican 19 200 Union Con 24
300 21 1000 Utah 07
600 20 300 Yellow Jacket... 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Oct. 3—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia 01 02
Alta — 09 Justice 10 11
Andes 09 10 Kentuck 02 04
Belcher 15 16 Lady Wash ... — 05
Benton Con 06 12 Mexican 21 22
Best & Belcher 26 27 Occidental — 90
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 63 55
Caledonia 27 30 Overman 05 06
Chollar 17 19 Potosi 17 19
Challenge Con. 17 19 Savage 08 09
Confidence 48 50 Scorpion 04 05
Con Cal & Va. 76 77 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 79 81
Crown Point... 16 17 Silver Hill — io
Con New York. 02 03 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con 30 40 Standard 1601 70
Excheauer 02 03 Union Con 24 25
Gould & Curry. 21 22 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norcrs. 75 80 Yellow Jacket. 20 22
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William H. Rodda to Jessica R. Jackson, lot
on S line of Post street. 167:3 W of Webster
W 24 by S 137:6; gift.
Israel and Bertha Cohnrlch and Solomon and
Clara Schocken (Haendel) to Emma G. Butler
(wife of Charles C), lot on 8W corner of Bush
and Fillmore streets, W 100 by S 47; $10.
Angele Roger to Agnes R., Minnie E.. Emma
C. and Minnie G. Fowler, lot on S line of
Halght street, BO W of Devlsadero. W 26 by
S 110; $2225. . , . „
W. J. Wells to Vincent A. Dodd. lot on £
line of Cherry street, 32:2^4 S of Jackson, E
117:3 hy N 32:2%: $10.
Franklin, Clifford and Maud Ellis and Grace
ElMs Lawley to Mary Ellis, lot m N line of
Twentieth street, 255 W of Guerrero. N 114 by
W 25; gift. . ,
Edward H and Eva T. Clark to Phebe A.
Hearst, lot on E line of Hyde street, 115:9 N
of Golden Gate avenue, N 21:9 by E 52:6; $6000.
Babette Schmld to Frank Multner. lot on E
line of Eleventh avenue, 325 N of Point Lobos,
N 25 by E 120; $10. .
F. W. Multner to Babette Schmid. same: $10.
Richard T. Conn to Helen A. Conn (wife of
Edward F). lot on W line of Twenty-third ave
nue, 175 N of A street, N 25 by W 120; grant.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to John J and Elea
nor MeMahon, lot on W line of Twenty-seventh
avenue. IN S of J street, S 50 by W 120; $700.
Marie Nevraoumont to Louts Lftmotte, lot on
E line of Eleventh avenue. 125 N of L street.
N 25 by E 120; sift.
William Starrs to Henry J. and Mary An
gelo, lots 4M» and 491, Gift Map 3; gift.
R. J. McMullen to Ella M. Goe, lot on N line
of De Montfort street, 100 W or Saxton, W 25
t>y N 100, lot 5. block 24. Lakeview; $10.
Glesla Kower to Peter Clogg, lot 125, Spring
Valley Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
Florence D. and Julius A. Trost to John R.
Altken lot 3, block E, on map of subdivision
of lot 1. block E, Peralta Heights, East Oak
land: $4000.
Charles and Mary A. A. Moklar to Thomas
W. and Helen M. Lottrldge, lot on N line of
Auburn avenue or Forty-seventh street, 676.23
E of San Pablo avenue, E 50, N 198.09, W 50,
S 199.43, to beginning, being lot 53, Map of
Coggeshall Tract E of San Pablo, Oakland
Township; $10.
E A and Martha J. Halnea to L. P. Ken
welier lot 10, block 35, Beaudry and Peladeau
property, Oakland Township: $5.
George D. and Mary A. Russell to Henry
Ford re-record 878 d 160, lot on 8W line of
Briggs avenue 280 SE of High street, BE 50
by 8W 203, being lot 40, Briggs Tract, Alameda;
Oakland Bank of Savings to Munro Furni
ture and Storage Company, lot on N line of
Clement avenue, 340 W of Everett street W 50
by N 150, being lot 7. block G, Alameda Station.
Homestead Tract, Alameda; $10.
W. B. and Maria R. Winn to Blake Com
pany (a corporation), lot on S line of Char
ming Way. 260 W of Mllvla street. 50 by 3
135. being lot 11, block 5, Barker Tract. Berke
ley * $10
Joseph Courtney to Lawrence F. Courtney,
lots 27 and 28, block D, Revised Map Prospect
Hill Tract, warranty deed, Brooklyn Township;
$150.
A E Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Alice B. Fossae, lot 51. Map of Blmhurst
Park, Brooklyn Township; $175.
E D and Mamie C. Macdonald to Adelnert
Bartlett. lot 17. block X, Map of Andrew
Jones' subdivision Brooklyn Township, Brook
lyn Township; $250.
J. H., Celina D. and Charlotte B. Spring to
Martin Juhl, block 107, townsite of Decoto,
Washington Township; $500.
H. G. Brisss to Alexander and Mary E. Mc-
Donald, lot on SE corner of Myrtle and Fifth
streets, E 50 by S 109, block 452, Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
F. Belllzer (owner) with Henry Behrens (con
tractor), architect H. S. Munson— All work ex
cept removal of present structure, excavating,
construction of rear bulkhead walls, cementing
of ground yard, plumbing, gasfitting and fix
tures, mantels and shades, for a 3-story frame
structure (store and flats) on the E line of
Dupont street, 97:6 S of Filbert. E 60, S 20. W
60, N to beginning. Rough frame up, $620;
i brown mortar on. $62<>: completed and accepted,
I $620; 33 days after. $625; total. J2453. Bonds.
$625; H. TV. Thyarks and S. F. Hubley, sureties.
Limit. 60 working days after removal'of present
structures, excavating and rear bulkhead walls;
forfeit, $2 50 per day; plans and specifications
filed.
B. A. Fenton (owner) with John Foster (con
! tractor), architect none— All work for a 2-story
1 frame building on N line of Sacramento street,
; 137:6 E of Spruce, N 127:5>4 by E 31:3. Second
] story joists in place, $200; Inclosed, $500; brown
mortar on. $600; completed, $600: usual 35 days,
$1800: total. $3500. Bonds. $875; F. H. Ellis and
W. J. Little, sureties. Limit. 60 working days;
forfeit, none; plans and specifications filed.
Of the 143 holders of the Victoria Cross
no fewer than fourteen are army sur
geons.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrogrraphlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are eordiallr Invited to visit the
office where complete *ets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball en the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following doy.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4.
Sun rises 8:08
Sun sets 5:48
Moon rises 8:29 p. m.
3:04'
4:16
6:40
6:89
7:50
, W
0:23
1:14
3.!
3.<
7:22
8:04
9:06
10:34
12:03
H W
8:19
2:01
3.
?.'.
1::
2:
2:
4:
5::
L 1
1:
8:!
4.
B:4S 0.3
9:44 0.5
10:41 0.7
! 11:37 O.»
iii'w "
6:45 4.0
7:54 4.0
"
1.1
I.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
Beoond time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
|a»t tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the sounding 3on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Weeott iTlllamook Bay |Oct.
Navarro Yaquina Bay Oct.
Senator Manila jOct.
Corona San Diego [Oct.
Queen Victoria & Puget SoundiOct.
I Pomona JHumboldt Oct.
I North Fork iHumboldt Oct.
Cleveland 'St. Michael Oct.
Chilkat..- Humboldt Oct.
South Portland.; Portland Oct.
i Empire Toos Bay Oct.
i National City... Oregon Ports Oct,
'Alliance Portland Oct.
Arcata |Coos Bay iOct.
Oeo. W. Elder.. l Portland Oct.
Grace Dollar !Taqulna Bay Oct.
Del Norte ICrescent City Oct.
Homer [Newport Oct.
Mlneola (Tacoma Oct.
Columbia 'Portland Oct.
Aztec (China and Japan Oct.
Newport 'Manila Oct.
Panta Rosa |San Diego Oct.
City of PanamajPanama Oct.
Orizaba IMexlco Oct.
Walla Walla.... lVlctoria & Puget Sound Oct.
Coos Bay [Newport Oct.
State California Portland Oct.
Australia.. Honolulu Oct.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 4, 9 am j Pier 11
State of Call Portland lOct. 4. in amlPier 24
Navarro ...|Yaqulna Bay.|Oct. 4,12 m 1m 1 Pier 13
Weeott |Tlllamook [Oct. 4. 5 pmiPler 13
Chilkat iHumboldt ....'Oct. 4. 2 pm Pier 13
Curacao ... Puget Sound..] Oct. 4, 1 pmiPler 9
Alameda ... Sydney Oct. 5. 2 pmPier 7
Corona San Dle*o Oct. 6. 11 am|Pler 11
Pomona IHumboldt Oct. 6, 2 pm-Pler 9
Alliance ...lOregon Ports. Oct. 6, 9 amlPler 20
Arcata (Coos Bay Oct. 6, 10 am Pier 13
O. W. Elder' Portland Oct. 7, 10 amPier 24
C. Nelson.. iPutcet Sound.. Oct. 7, 9 am|Pler 2
Homer (Newport Oct. 8, 9 amlPler ll
Queen I Vie & Pgt Sd. Oct. \ 8. 10 ami Pier 9
San Bias (Panama lOct. 8, 12 miPMSS
Columbia ..IPortland 'Oct. 10. 10 amlpier 21
Santa Rosa. San Dlpko Oct. 10, 11 ami Pier 11
Gaelic jChinn & Japan Oct. 11. 1 pm ! PMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
Salts.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroeraphlc Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal Oc
tober 3, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, October S.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 96 hours from Seat
tle.
Stmr Curacao, Shea., 80 hours from Seat
tle.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Nelson, 84 hour* from
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart 87 hours from
% r entura. . . -.
Nor stmr Titan la, Egenes. 4 days from Na
nt Schr' Compeer. Larsen, 8 days from Port
Schr Amethylst, Johannsen, 60 hours from
Byxbees Landing.
CLEARED.
Monday, October 3;
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; OoodalU.
fftmrVmatiila, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Tnwnsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Au? stmr Slam, Raicich, Nanaimo; John ±to
senfeld'p Sons. _ — ir ..«
Stmr Czarina. Seaman Seattle; E T Kruse.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Sorenson, Guayaquil,
via Fort Bragg; W R Grace & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, October 8.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Ruth, Strand.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, Potnt Arena.
Stmr Point Arena. Haneen, Mendodna.
Ship Eclipse, Peterson.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen.
. Stmr Coquille River. Ji-hnnon, Fort Bragg.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 3—lo p. m.— Weather,
clear; wind, W; velocity. 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Celtic Race loads salmon at Fxaxer River
for the United Kingdom. .
The Lord Kinnard loads wheat at Portland
for Europe. 31s 3d; Wlscombe Park, same
voyage, 30s 9d.
SPOKEN.
Aug 20— Lat 14 N, long 26 W. Br ship An
drada, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Sept 9— Lat 9 N, long 28 W, Br ship Lord
Ripon. from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Btmr South Coaflt— Oct 3 at 2 a. m. passed
a large raft of piles about 250 feet long 4 mllee
W of Pigeon Point. It seems to be In good
condition, but very dangerous to navigation.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 3— Stmrs Alliance and
National City, from Coos Bay.
Pailpd Oct 3— Stmrs Chllkat. Alliance and
Pomona, for San Francisco: schre Ida McKay,
John A and Eclipse, for San Francisco.
EVERETT— SaiIed Oct I— Schr Hera, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct I— Ship Occidental, for
Melbourne.
TATOOSH— Passed Oet 3— Stmr Mlneola, fra
Tacoma, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Columbia, ho
Oct 1.
Sailed Oct 3— Br ship Clan Mackenzie, for
Quwnstown.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct B— G«r bark Wlnds
braut, for Queenstown; stmr George W Elder,
j for San Francisco: Br bark Garnet Hill, for
Taku; Br ship John Cooke. for Queenstown;
Br stmr Bracmar, for Yokohama a"'' Hong
kong; stmr South Portland, for San Francisco;
schr Webfoot. for San Francisco; Br ship Dun
trur.p. for Queenstown.
VENTURA— SaiIed Oct 3— Stmr Geo Loomis,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— SatteJ Oct J— Stmr Jewel, for
Sun Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct B— Schr Bangor.
for Kallua.
F<~>RT BRAGG— Arrived Oct i— Stmr Noyo,
hence Oct 1.
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct B— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct B— Stmr Oeorga
Loomis. hence Oct 2.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Oct 3— Schr La Chilena,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 3— Stmr Mlneola. frm
! Tacorrn. for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW — Sailed Oct B— Chil bark
j Sulitelma. for Callao.
BALLARD— Arrived Oct I— Schr Challenger,
I hence Sfft 19.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 29— Br bark Invers-
I naid, henre Sept 19.
PORT TOWXSFA'D- Sailed Oct 2— Schr W H
Talbot. for Adelaide.
FORT ROPS— Arrived Oct 8— Schr La Chil
ena. hence Sfpt 29.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oet S— Schr Comet,
for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 2— Bark Tidal Ware, for
I San Pedro. _
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct B— Schr H
i D Bf-n.lixon. from Hakodate.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 2— Schr Ruby
A Cousins, for San Francisco: schr John F
' MilW. for Redondo; schr Laura May. for San
Pedro: schr Emma Titter, for San Francisco;
schr Jennie Stella, for Redondo; schr Falcon.
j for Dutch Harbot; schr Defiance, for Woolla
i lira.
EASTERN PORTB.
NEW TORK— Arrived Oct I— Stmr Advmnc*.
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTB.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Oct I— Stmr Mariposm,
for Pnn Francisco, via Honolulu.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct B— Stmr Scandla. tano
Auk 27. via Honolulu.
GUAYMAS— SaiIed Sept 3ft— Btmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Oct I— Stmr Ctty of
Puebla. for San Francisco.
TAKI'- Arrived Sept SO— Schr Erfo. from
Chemainus.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Oct B— Bark Sea King, for
Honolulu.
MOLLENDO— Arrived prior to Au* tT— Br
ship Champion, from Port Blakeley.
HONGKONG — Arrived Oct J-»-"»r itmr Bel
gi.-\ hence Sept 3.
FHANOHAT— SaiIed Sept t— Schr Robert
Searles. for /fort Townsend.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr La Normandta.
from New York.
NEW" YORK— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Scythta,
from Liverpool: stmr Patrla, from Hamburg.
j OCEAN TBAVEL.
fB9BBBSBiI The S S - alameda
IK^9HIE saIIB via Honolulu and
WgtfßaßßlW Auckland for Sydney
W""^>-^^ Thursday. October 6. at
a,/ I'A 2 a. m.
SlfyfllMlinc) S. S. AUSTRALIA
C^MlillJlll^^ Bails for Honolulu only
• /ninß7ir?lJ»' ' e<inesi3a y. October 19,
lyilipUlWPat 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery St.
Freight office — Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
S^ Steamers leave . Broadway
VvSsate»^ wharf, San Francisco:
jSBwISSjL. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I^^S^S^k Oct - 3 s - 13 - 1S - 23 - 28 > NoY - a >
E&MHflff! transfer at Seattle.
KSSsMW For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
oujlk2^H| c. Port Townser.d, Seattle,
f^^^^^a HH Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.), 19
./-a. m.. Oct. 3, 13. 18. 23. 28. Nov.
2 and every fifth day thereafter, transfer at
i' n e % X' C °™r^*™*™ 3 P- rRy-"r Ry-"a a
VV F OU E V urek O a°(Hum^ldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Oct
1. 6 11. 16. 21. 26. 31, Nov. 5. and every fifth .
d a /or he Santk er -Cru 2 . Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. Oct. 4. 8. 12. 16, 20. 24. Nov.
1 and every fourth day thereafter. ■_
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Fic nn t 1c1 cs 6 and Hedondo^^ Angeles), ll^a.
*i% £^»naßay San Jose de,
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Par. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., ISth of every
m For h further information obtain folder. - •
The -company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an *ICKKT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
8t GOODALU epERKINSe pERKlNS & CO.. Gen. Agt...
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO. .
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:f> o :r, t la ism
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berths.
rHIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Sept, 23
Gen. W. Elder Sept. 2J
Columbia Sept. 22. Oct. 1
Through Tickets sold to all points In Oregon,
Washington, Idaho, Montana and the East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Cotnpagnle Generate Transatlantic
French Line to Havre.
Company's f pier (new) 42 North
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers ■<*£*£!>
by this line avoid both transit by -*iw «■
English railway and the discomfort of orossln*
the channel 'In a email boat. New York to
Alexandria. Etrypt. via Paris, first class, $140;
second class. *116. , "
LA TOURAINE.... ct -.,. 10 *• m -
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct 15. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE Ct - 22. 10 a. m,
LA NfnMANPIE Oct 29. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE .....Nov. 5, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE . TRANSATLAN-
• TIQUE. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. _^__
BAY AUT3 BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR u7s. NAVY-YARD AMdYaLLEJO."
Steamer "Monticelio." '
Moo.. Tue*.. Wed., Thure. and Sat —
9:45 ft. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thar*.)
Fridays. .....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. aad 8 p. a.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier I.
- Telephone Red 2241.
TAKE TSE BOAT TO SAN JOSE~
EVERT DAT AND SUNDAY, TOO. at 10 a m.
Steamer ALVISO. Clay street Wharf. Fare 75c
Delightful Bay Trip, 44 miles ao4 retur»l
Ca Bundays. Excunloa. (LALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DR. BRIGGS
ACQUITTED OF
IMMORALITY
But He Did Register
a False Name.
NO WOMAN'S NAME APPEARS
SENSATIONAL SCENE AS THE
CONFEBENCE CLOSES.
The Accused Minister Denounces
The Men Who Bob Him of
the Bight to »
Preach.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 3.
Dr. Brings, of the M. E. Church South,
has been acquitted of immorality by the
ilastical jury which spent four days
in trying his case. But he has been "lo
cated" by the conference, which action
will prevent him from accepting a pas
torate in any other conference.
This mornmg when the ministers met \
Bishop Hendrix, after some formal mat- ;
ters, stated that he would announce the ;
verdict in the case of Rev. Dr. Briggs.
He prefaced the verdict with a few re
marks on the manner in which such trials
are conducted. He stated that more se
crecy had been observed in governing this '
trial than in any other of which he know.
The verdict was short. It was to the .
effect that Dr. Briggs was not guilty of
immorality, but he was guilty of falsify
ing, in that he had registered at toe Kuss
House on March 2S, and on another
Bion under an assumed name. The Bishop
explained that the vote was not published
because it had been kept secret, so that
the record does not show who voted fur
or against Dr. Briggs. Tiie verdict had
the approval of eignt jurors.
"I desire to say in explanation," said '
the Bishop, "that 1 presided over this
trial of Dr. Briggs in the interests of pub
lic decency. 1 wanted the trial to be
strictly private, and It was private. In ;
the verdict there I the name of no j
woman. In pi g the verdict I have !
sd a rather unusual form. The bal- ;
lot of the jury is kept inviolate. A record
of the number or votes for or against any
Issue and the certification of all the jury
that these figures are correct being the
only fact that will be given to the pub
lic. In the summary two votes would i
have entirely changed the final verdict.
"No expert testimony was introduced i
during the trial, which consumed four j
days. On Friday we worked until mid
night and all day Saturday. The time I
consumed was less lengthy than was de- ■
Birable, for the matter was very serious
and important an<i of an unusually grave
nature.
"During the trial the charges of con- ;
eptracy against members of the confer
ence were not sustained, and I wish to
commend counsel on both sides for their •
ability shown during this trial."
Rev. Dr. Lainar arose and was recog-
nized by the Bishop, although there were
many wishing to speak. He said the
prosecution had much difficulty in the !
-cause witnesses could not be eon-J
trolled ami rr^uch of the testimony could i
not be completed while the postoltlee otti
cialß declined to attend the trial.
Question then arose as to whether
Dr. Briggs should be located. Some mm- ,
ister stated that the acquitted pastor's
character could not be passed upon, while
others differed in their views. Rev. Mr.
Carpenter, counsel for Dr. Briggs, said
that they should stand by the decision of
the jury and not go further.
Then followed the most interesting mo
ment of the conference. Bishop Hendrix
stated that as Dr. Briggs was present he
should come forward and be heard. The
acquitted minister left his wife and ad
vanced toward the pulpit. With his eyes
fixed upon the Bishop lie said, with, hand j
upraised: "Brethren, you cannot locate ;
me. Your jury has found me innocent of
immorality, and you cannot locate me i
without degrading yourselves and your I
ministers. If I am not acceptable either
expel or receive me. You cannot say I j
am not acceptable, for no charges of un
acceptability have been entered against
me. 1 am being antagonized from per
t.^nal feeling. It was a fair jury and an
Impartial trial, and now you try to locate :
me secularly. It is infamous, scurrilous,
an outrage. It will contaminate the pure
atmosphere of thousands of homes
throughout this land. Come right out and
admit that it is on personal grounds. If
you do not state the true factu you are
hypocrites ai.d false pretenders. If you
locate me you must locate Lamar. What
do you think of a minister of the church ,
who has allied himself with the Examiner •
—a scurrilous, degraded sheet.'
Bishop Hendrix said that such discus
sion was out of order, and a vote was ;
called regarding the locating of Dr.
Briggs. He was humiliated by lust one
vote, the conference standing thirty to
thirty-two against him.
The conference will be held next year at
San Jose.
A discussion was had upon the subject
of editorship of the Pacific Methodist Ad
vocate. Some of the members did not
agree with the policy of the editor, R. P.
Wllßon.
The following are the new appoint
ments:
San Francisco District-C. B. Reddlck, pre- j
aiding elder. San Francisco, H. M. McKnlght;
Baa Jose, J. E. Squires; Oakland W. P. An- i
Urewa; Alameda, John Hannon; H "Ulster, I.
F. Betta; Santa Rosa, J. A. Batchelor; Stock
ton, H. C. Meredith; Walnut Grove, A. L. j
Paul; Gait P. N. Blankenshlp; Milton, H. I
W. Curran; Linden, A. Odom; Gilroy, J. B.
Needham; Sallnaa. J. Healey; San Lucas and
Bradley, D. Draught! ; San iienlto, J. C. Pen- :
der*raHt; Mountain View. W. A. Boohn; Pfcta
•him», R. F. Allen; Healdi«burg. P. F. Page; :
Cloverdale, C. C. Hlark; Ukiah, W. F. Coffin;
BoonvlUe, W. A. Lindsay; Potter Valley. C. i
E. Clark; LeJceport. W. M. Acton; Upper Lake,
C. T. Clark.; editor Pacific Methodist Advo
cate. It. P. "W'ilsun; conference aecretary of ,
missions, W. P. Andrews.
San Jr.aquin District— J. J. Keeney, presiding
elder. Fresno, J. H. Sawyer; Fresno circuit, ;
B- H. Greene; Big 1 Dry '.Topk. F. M. Staton;
Belraa, P. T. Ramsay; Banger, J. F. Roberts; (
Dinuba and.Orosa. J. Hedgpeth; Visa! la, J. W.
Ray: Woodville and Exeter, W. H. Cooper; !
KingsburK, E. J. Page: liakernneld, C. P. At- :
kinson: Lcmoore and Uanfurd, — ; Tipton, i
J. M. Brown; Madera. W. A. Flnley; Merced, !
C. E. W. Smith; Le Orand, R. A. Sawrle; Mo- i
J. C. Simmons; Mariposa. H. N'eate; |
Hornltos and Catbey, J. D. I\ Houck; Sonora, !
A F. W. Walters; L<.s Banoa, W. B. Phillips; !
Dos Palf.s. R, F. Bensk-y; Ramona, Snelllng
and Waterford, O-. H. Frazer.
Colusa District— J. Emery, presiding elder.
Colusa, Claude M. Davenport: Chico, L,. A.
Green"; Willows, W. D. Taylor; Red Bluff, L.
C. R«nfro; Princeton, J. M. Pratt; Yuba City,
— — ; Whoatland, Z J. Naedham; Lincoln, J. I
Buie; Sacramento, W. K. V.-uiirhan; Winters i
and Davi^. J. C. Hylen; Elmira. and Dixon,
B H Mr-Whorter; Woodland. C. O. Steele: i
Knights Landing, William Armstrong; Max- i
Wfll O. L. Rusjs«»H: GrMley, -; Putter and '
Grace (}. W. Archer; Arhuckle, L. ('. Smith; i
Pulphur Creek, S. K. Wlleon; Orlanfl. S. T. ;
Reeve; MUlville and Ono, ; Hi* Valley, i
; Anderson, J. M. Parker; Rockville, T.
G. Patterson.
A. P. Few and C. R, Montgomery transferred ■
GBAPE-NTJTS.
FIVE FRIENDS.
Made by One Friend.
Good teeth.
Strong brain.
Steady nerves.
Good digestion and a well fed feel-
ing go with Grape-Nuts, the famous
food.
Good for breakfast, lunch, dinner or
■upper.
Grocers Bell Grape- Nuta.
to Little Rock conference; J. Wood to Holston
conference; C. R. Lamar and J. 2. Carpenter
to Texas conference: J. F. G. Flnley, J. W.
Bain, Chris C. Black to Lob Angeles confer
ence; J. O. Coppage to Missouri conference.
THE STATE GRANGE
TO HOLD SESSIONS
i It Will Meet To-Day to Transact
Business — Several Matters of
Interest to Come Up.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 3.
The California State Grange will meet
to-morrow for its twenty-ninth annual j
session. The session will last three days, ,
and already many delegates have ar
rived.
To-morrow morning the grange will be
opened and routine work transacted. In |
.tin- afternoon reports will be read by the |
officers of the grange and the worthy
master will deliver the annual address.
In the evening Mayor Thomas will pre
i side at the public reception at Elite Hall.
We-tr.esday's business will open with an
excursion on the electric roads to Berke
ley, visiting the university botanical gar
dens, conservatories, orchards ana asn
cultural station. In the afternoon there
will be a session devoted mostly to the
consideration of proposed amendments to
! the constitutions of the national and State
granges. Memorial services with appro -
I priate speeches and eulogies will close the
morning will be devoted to
business, and In the afternoon the place
of the next annual session will be chosen,
and there will also be an address onthe
subject u£ a free market for San Fran
ciaco and the Nicaragua canal. Thursday
evening the d< grees of Pomona and Flora
will be conf( rred.
Friday morning will be given up to the
: discussion of the proposed amendments to
! the California State constitution, ajid sev- :
: er;u papers on economic subjects will be ;
1 read. J:> the afternoon the delegates will ■
f 0 to Saa Francisco to meet at the Cham- !
er of Commerce with many commercial
! organizatii'i.s. mul in the evening will re
'< turn to Oakland where ah entertainment
1 will conclude their labors.
A CARPENTER DISA^ x'EARS.
Fears Entertained That Cal Bees-
worth Haa Killed Himself.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— Cal Beesworth, a
young carpenter, who has b«en stopping
at the home of Mrs. M. T. Tanner, 30
Hannah street. North Oakland, has been
missing since last Saturday, and fears are
entertained that he has done away with
himself.
About a year ago Beesworth arrived in
California from Portland, Me., where his
parents, who are reputed well-to-do, re
side. He was usually well dressed and
carried a gold watch and chain. He had
been drinking heavily of late. When he
left last Saturday he acted very queerly,
according to Mrs. Tanner, who says she
believes his mind is affected.
"He told the two Josephs boy» on Sat
urday morning that he was going to San
Francisco," said Mrs. Tanner to-night,
"but I know- he had no money for that
a.nd to-day I visited all places where he
would most likely stop in the city, but
no one had seen him. I am afraid that
he has committed suicide by Jumping off
Long wharf."
The police wera notified by Mrs. Tan
ner to-night and are investigating.
HE WAITED FOR THE TIDE.
Yuk Keo Wy, Out of Money, Was
Tired of Life.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— Tek Kee Wy, a
Chinese cook, hailing from Yolo County,
has apparently caugtit on to some Ameri
can ways of doing- things. Last January
he came down from Tolo with "heap
muchee mon." as he related to-day, and
"alle same young- fal, go theater, blow
heself. get bus', no can fine work; leady
to die."
He was found sitting in the creek at ;
the foot of Linden street last Saturday,
the brine being up to his neck; but when
the steamer Garden City piowed up the
creek the billows swept over his head and
he tried to get out.
When Officer McKinley took charge of
him and hustled him off to the Receiv
ing Hospital he stated that he had con
cluded to die and ;'<•!• that purpose sat
in the estuary wa ting for the tide to
carry him into eternity.
Drs. Webster and Pratt examined Yuk
Kee Wy and recommended him for com
mitment to an insane asylum, and to-day
Judge Hall took the same view and sent
him to Stockton.
POWER-HOUSE WRECK.
An Engineer's Narrow Escape From
Flying Machinery.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— Much damage was
done to the electric plant of the Pied
mont power-house this morning by a belt
slipping from a pulley wheel.
When the belt released the resistance
from the wheel it whipped around at the
rate of 275 revolutions a minute and
smashed everything within its reach. The
wheel flew into pieces, one of which was
found 200 feet away. F, W. Nelson, the
chief engineer, cannot understand why
he .was not killed, for he stood In the cor
ner of the dynamo room while broken
machinery and blocks of cement were be
ing hurled in all directions. He. however,
met with no more injury than being cov
ered with dust.
The pit in the concrete floor in which
the pulley revolved, was filled with
broken concrete and wood, and the roof
overhead was torn for its whole length.
None of the generators suffered and the
damage to the machinery is estimated at
about $2000. Traffic was suspended until
noon, but by utilizing the power from
other power-houses, traffic was resumed.
AN IMPORTANT DECISION.
Judge Hall Says Petitions in Insol-
vency Filed After July 1
Are Void.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— No petition in in
solvency filed after July 1 is valid unless
it be filed in the Federal courts; if filed
in State courts such petitions are illegal.
The foregoing Is an important decision
rendered by Superior Judge Hall this
! morning in his interpretation of the new
i bankruptcy law, when the petition filed
by W. W. Woodcock of the Zenith Plan
i ing Mill came up on a demurrer. . Attor
1 neys for B. S. McFarland, one of the
creditors, moved the petition be thrown
i out of court, since It was in conflict with
I Federal statutes regulating bankruptcy,
proceedings. A ,'-
In sustaining the demurrer Judge
i Hall reconsidered a former ruling made
'■ by himself and now coincides with Judge
; Greene.
There are nine similar cases, the peti-
t ions in all of which were tiled after
! July 1, and no doubt these also will be
dismissed. . -• .
Last of the House of Blazes.
OAKLAND, Oct. The famous Old
"House of Blazes" will now be removed
for sure. The City of Oakland to-day
1 obtained judgment in the United States
' Circuit Court of Appeals declaring Fal
inn street, between Eleventh and
1 Twelfth opened to the public, and the
••Hou-e "of Blazes." which Is in lino of
; the ooening, will now have to go. Suit
•was oriSna hy brought by the s London !
Elfl^iS? 1 a I S£«S. P 'BSMB !
-llouse of Blazes" Is one of the old
landmarks of Oakland. ; .
Sequel of a Printers' Strike.
n AWT AND Oct. B.— C. F. Guenther, a
printer h^ .brought suit against W. E.
ES .-as fe«ss|
Xw'sthat the contract provided for his
emuTuvme iit in defendant* shop at $25
p« week for a period of ten months, pay
able weekly and on March 21, 1598; with
outany p cause, he was discharged. The
UUnUff's discharge was the outcome of
the printers' strike last year. ....
Beverly Crampton Acquitted.
OAKLAND. Oct. 3.-Beverly3 .-Beverly Crampton
a horse trainer accused of embezzling a
race horse owned by Wallace .D. Evans
at Emeryville about a year' ago. was to
day acquitted by a jury in Judge Ogdcn's
court Defendant, , who was represented
by T 'B. Pheby, went on the stand and
told a Btraightforward story, showing that
he had no Intention of committing a
crime when he : took the horse to Mon
jana and placed it on th© racing circuit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
WRITES OF HER
TROUBLES WITH
HER HUSBAND
Mrs. Rojas' Story of a
Hated Rival.
ROJAS LOVED THEM BOTH
SOON DESEBTED HIS WIFE FOB
SOME ONE WITH MONEY.
She Believes With Judge Ogden. That
a Whipping Post Would not
Be Without Good
Effect.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 8.
Mrs. A. Rojaa of Alvarado Is of the
same opinion as Judge Ogden. She be
lieves that a whipping-post would be a
very desirable addition to the present
means of punishing recreant and cruel
husbands.
Mrs. Rojas has recently been granted a
divorce, and, as her husband has been
busily trying to bolster up his acts at the
expense of his wife's reputation, the
woman has taken the unusual course of
telling- in detail to the public her varied
experience. Her story is more romantic
than any novelist dare make it. more
sympathetic than the ordinary story that
■ is ventilated in a divorce court, and reeks
with cruelty compared with which the
story that called forth Judge Ogden's re
j marks savors of the acts of a good sama
! ritan.
The unhappy woman of Alvarado thus
relates her experience:
"I, Refugia A. Rojas, hereby declare
! that the following is a true story of my
married life since I was married to Guad
alupe Rojas. When he first asked* me to
become his wife I declined, and told him
that, as I knew he loved another woman,
I could not consider his proposals. After
many months of promises of sincerity I
consented, and we were married, but only
after he had threatened to kill himself if
I refused him."
The narrator then proceeds to tell in
: detail how she set her husband up in busi
i ness on several occasions with her own
' money, only to find that he was spending
i tile proceeds on his old love. This money
was left Mrs. Rojas by her first husband
for the care of her little ones. Open in
sults were followed by cruel beatings and
; desertion, but each time that Rojas went
I away and bestowed his favors on his
i wife's rival, he came back and possessed
i the ability to again Ingratiate himself
| with Mrs. Rojas.
The two loves of Rojas continually met
and quarreled, but the husband did not
appear to have the least sense of shame
or even decency.
Wherever the rival went Rojas was
Bure to follow, and under various pre
i texts he always seemed able to obtain
money from his wife, which was always
! given in the hope that h© would start
; working and keep her and her family.
i The confession proceeds: " After a few
! weeks, during which my husband had de
! serted me, I was informed by the Portu
! tmese Consul that I had a $300 l«gacy
I coming to me. I got it and somehow or
I nther my husband heard of it, and he was
not long coming back. He had not a
nickel in his pocket, but told me he had
! finally said good by to his love in Alva
| rado and that we had better move to
I that town and put up a house. I gave
I him money and he did build a little house
I on a lot just about a block from where
i the other woman was living. As soon as
i we started to live in our little house our
! first visitor was the woman who had
; made my life so unhappy. She coolly
told me "that she had not seen or heard
of my husband for so long that she
thought he must be sick, and co she
called to make inquiry."
A little later Mrs. Rojas received a re
quest from her rival for Mr. Rojas to go
jto their house and fix some furniture.
Wishing to do a little detective work,
Mrs Rojas sent her husband, and a little
I later, the narrative proceeds, "at dinner
I time I approached the kitchen window
I and I saw my husband with his arms
! around Mrs. Miller's neck, and kissing
I her. When I spoke, they jumped up very
i frightened, ana the lady said 'Come in.
i Mrs. Rojas, and have some dinner with
! us,' but I thanked her and went home,
i Oh, how I suffered. He would laugh at
i me every day as he went to call on his
friend, and as her house was only a block
i away I could see him plainly from my
j kitchen window. When I remonstrated
with him he said. 'Now don't be foolish,
■ say nothing and let me alone. I am sure
!my friend will be very kind to you.' To
i add to my humiliation he threatened to
kill me If I said a word, and the same
', evening he brought over from the,
woman's house four or five wheelbarrows
! full of provisions, which he said had been
given to him. I took a bottle of strych
nine in my hand and was about to end
i my misery when I thought of my children
and was "deterred. He told me that he
I loved this woman before he married me,
and that he found ail his former affec
tion returning. I noticed that it com
menced to return as soon as he had spent
what little money I had, and I asked him
to kill me rather than bring about my
death by inches. This angered him so
that he "grabbed a lamp and threw it at
me, broke all the dishes and chairs, grab
bed me by the throat and told me he was
boss and would do as he liked."
The narrative then tellß of many acts
! of brutality and starvation, and of all
I kinds of indignities heaped upon her by
| her husband and her rivaf. In speaking
| of the death of their little child, which
] finally convinced Mrs. Rojas that she had
• better live alone, she says: "I had just
$5 left, which was in a trunk, and I told
my husband, for I was sick in bed, to
I get a little coffin for my child and bury
!it decently. He got very angry, left the
i house and went off for several days, leav
ing me without anything to eat or any
attention and enjoying the company of
I the. woman he loved before he met me."
Mrs. Rojas' story appears to bear the
imprint of truth— it Is so blunt and earn
. Ft. Tt Is a strange story of the amount
of misery a woman will endure out of
misplaced affection for an unworthy man.
Had not the greater part of it been re
peated under oath it would hardly appear
to be credible. According to her narra
tive her honor nor her children's honor
had any claim on the respect of Rojas,
and a large portion of her experience is
| simply Indescribable.
The last scene in this unhappy drama
was the selling, a few days ago, of the
little property at Alvarado.
Fixed the Tax Levy.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— The City Council
met to-night and fixed the tnx at $1.21.
This Is the ordinance that has created
such opposition and that provides for
JM.noo for dredging Lake Merritt and
$38,500 for building sewers on either side
of the lake. Mr. Girard made an argu
ment against Its passage, saying it would
result in closing the schools and the free
library and in other hardships, bu,t his
speech had no effect and the vote stood,
for the ordinance. Earl, Heitman, Henne
berry, Woodward, Bmsnahan and Wat
kinson; against, Girard, Pringle, Upton,
Cuvellier. Rowe.
Bun Down by a Train.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— Charles D. Coffin,
an employe of the railroad company,
was killed at the mole to-night. He was
wheeling from the shops to the pier to
take the train for home, when he was run
ever by a gravel train which was backing
down the pier. He did not appear to see
that it was backing and was knocked
down and instantly killed. Coffin resides
at !>S7 Capp street, and has been an active
non-commissioned officer of the Salvation
Army for some years.
The feo-simile y^T sfij* 7?** ** on tver J* TO^PPW
signature of rwt&zyft(£ni<£ CASTOEIA.
FONG SUEY WAN
STILL MISSING
Search Made for Heron
the City of Peking.
TWO OF HER VICTIMS HELD
MAJOB MOOBE'S PBECAUTIONS
TO PBEVENT A FIASCO.
Disagreement Bet-ween Deputy Mar
shal Gallagher and Special
Agent Putnam in the
Becent Baid.
There was no abatement yesterday Jn
the pungency cf the latest Chinese bureau
scandal, Fong Suey Wan still beintj in
visible and Chief Meredith being awake
but innocuous.
In order to prevent the possibility of the
notorious woman making her eßcape on
the City of Peking, Special Agent Moore,
of his own motion, requested Surveyor
Spear to furnish the revenue cutter Gold
en Gate and six men to proceed to the
steamer and search for the woman. Mr.
Spear cheerfully and promptly complied
with the suggestion, and in turn suggested
to Chief Meredith that he detail Dr. Gard
ner to accompany the posse and assist in
identifying the criminal in case she be
found. Mr. Meredith refused at first to
allow the doctor to go, but thought bet
ter of it later on and gave his consent.
The search, while fruitless, strengthened
the conviction in the mind of Special
Agent Moore that the ' woman had not
left this city, but is in hiding in some
of the underground habitations in China
town. He ia, however, taking no chances
with the women now confined in the
Presbyterian Mission, several of whom
had escaped from the Omaha Exposition
und whose capture he was requested to
make by the Secretary of the Treasury.
He has detailed General Vernon to sit
each day in Judge Heaeock's court room
and see that the Fong Buey Wan incident
Is not repeated in their case.
Ah Young and Jin Ho, the women Im
ported by Fong Suey Wan. were taken
out of the mission yesterday and brought
before United States District Judge de
Haven, who made an order holding them
as witnesses in lieu of $250 bonds each.
Special Agent Putnam of Los Angeles,
who is here to assist Major Moore in
having the Omaha women deported, is
disgusted with the manner in which
Deputy United States Marshal Gallagher
acted while on the recent raid in China
town. Mr. Putnam said he found it neces
sary to force a door open In order to cap
ture one of the Omaha women, .and that
Gallagher not only refused to assist him,
but refused also to walk around the cor
ner of the hallway so that he might not be
a witness in case Mr. Putnam should ac
cidentally fall against the door and break
a panel. He said also that Gallagher re
marked on that occasion that he dia not
propose to break open any doors, and that
he did not propose to allow any doors to
be broken.
AROUND THE '
CORRIDORS.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. Is at the
Palace.
M. J. Wright, Surveyor General, is at
the Grand.
S. B. Magnes, a merchant of Portland.
Is at the Lick.
W. Blackstock, a lawyer of Ventura, is
at the Grand.
W. H. Hall, a mining man of Gridley,
is at the Grand.
J. McCallum, a confeotloner of "Watson
vllle, Is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. V. S. McClatohy of Sacra
mento are at the California.
The Baron and Baroness yon Schroeder
registered at the Palace yesterday.
P. de Vries Van Deesburgh, a vineyard
ist of St. Helena, is at the Lick.
C. Jesse Titus and wife, proprietor of
the Golden Eagle, is at the Palace.
J. F. Trowbridge of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, is at the Grand.
N. J. Doyle and James V. Doyle, min
ing men of Jamestown, are at the Lick.
W. K. Brown, a prominent business man
of Kings City, is a guest at the Occiden
tal.
George E. Rouse, Ed E. Oerend and
Thomas Lloyd of Tacoma are guests at
the Occidental.
Mrs. H. 8. Miller and son have re
turned from Healdsburg, where they have
been for some days.
Colonel Hardln, wife and daughter, are
down from Santa Rosa for a few days and
are registered at the California.
E. S. Benson and wife, B. F. Stevens
and wife and J. Britter of Portland regis
tered at the California yesterday.
J. Jerome Smith and M. B. Harrlman,
prominent mine-owners of Tuolunine
County, are registered at the Lick.
Hon. John T. Dare, United States Ap
praiser, has been granted twenty days'
leave of absence for his annual vacation.
A portion of that time will be devoted to
working for the Republican party.
John P. Burke, vice-president and man
ager of the San Jose and Santa Clara
Street Railroad Company, accompanied
by Mrs. Burke and daughter, leaves San
Jose this morning for an extensive East
ern trip. They will be gone about five
weeks. The Omaha Exposition, Chicago,
Washington and other cities will be
visited.
OADWALADEB, COMES OUT.
BERKELEY, Oct. 3.— Cadwalader, the
crack football man from New Haven, is
to be a permanent acquisition for the
University of California. The doubts
which were entertained when the big fel
low first came to Berkeley, as to whether
he would "come out" or not, are now at
rest. This afternoon he "came out," and
having exchanged his Yale sweater for
the University of California colors, took
part in the regular daily practice upon
the football field. Coach Cochran put him
in the team as right guard, and he will
probably play in that position for some
time. The new man will keep up his
training until the blue and gold faces
Stanford next Thanksgiving day.
The freshman eleven lined up this after
noon for the nrst time. Their first match
will be played against St. Matthew's
School next Wednesday afternoon. The
game is to come off upon the university
campus at 4 o'clock.^
Precipitated Twenty Feet.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— Clarence Barr, a
painter at work on the Seventh-day Ad
ventiPt Church on Brush street, late this
nftorno<*i fell from a hanging scaffolding
a distance of twenty feet to the ground,
striking on his head. He is being treated
at the Receiving Hospital for concussion
of the brain. The ladder fell on account
of one of the hooks becoming detached.
Shannon-Welch.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 3.— Mrs. Jennie Shan
non, a wealthy Park-street widow and a
lady very popular in lodge circles, depart
ed last Monday evening-, not telling her
friends where she was going, and it was
not until her return Saturday evening,
bringing her husband with her, that peo
ple found sho was married. She was mar
ried at Reno, Nevada, to Martin Welch
of Oakland, a man of considerable means.
They visited Carson City, Lake Tahoe
and Virginia City on their bridal tour.
Will Fix the Tax Levy.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 3.— The tax levy will
have to be fixed by the city trustees this
evening. The levy would have kopt with
in a dollar had it not been that consider
able of the city's bonded indebtedness Is
payable this year, amounting to $29,H."8.
This sum will be the largest paid for the
liquidation of bonds Blnce the incorpora
tion of the city. The amount asked for
by the different departments of the city,
if allowed, would make a tax levy of $1 17
necessary. It is closely figured that the
actual running expenses will require a
levy of $1 10, and anything less than that
will cause a deficiency. It is stated on
good authority that the rate will be fixed
at $1 05, as a compromise with two mem
bers of the board who are pledged to a
dollar limit.
The Maxina Was Ablaze.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3. — The Maxina, a
lumber schoo-ner which has just dis
charged a cargo at Adams wharf, had a
narrow escape rom burning Saturday
evening. A fire started in the wheel
house in some unaccountable way and
before its discovery that part of the ves
sel was burned away and will have to be
replaced.
Proposed Alliance With England.
If the United States and Enpland should form
an alliance, the combined strength would be so
g-reat that there would be little chance for ene
mies to overcome us. In a like manner, when
men and women keep up their bodily strength
with Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, there is lit
tle chance of attacks from disease. The old
time remedy enriches the blood, builds up the
muscles, steadies the nerves and increases the
appetite. Try it.
/^~*%^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L.-rse?-$ 625 MUABSY ST. Sstabllahed
in I Bs * f ° r the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KKABST ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
ISK!sS3iti"s<Ts disease wearing on bodyandmindand
SwlfiSWrtJ^S .Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
S^?'r' l 2&®3" ' rBfa!l> Try him. Charges low
p^t a ir < »w¥ ( [irikgrnai anii'cd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. 11.I 1 . ««f BBOJT. Box 1957. San Francisco.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. ■■■•
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
* SACRAMENTO, July 30th; 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1897.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the.
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend Bald section to
read as follows: .'-»■'-.
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such • year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work dene for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for" making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness Incurred in the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
eball be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State.- by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated a« section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7H. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State.
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the - Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such ' proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors Of such
county, at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
ail amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A coDy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
eovernment act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion bittern, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
•Kate the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of . Deeds in the county,
amone the archives of the county.
Til courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
•mended at Intervals of not less than two
ve^rsby proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in ft newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
nnv alternative article or proposition may be
Presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
It shall be competent. In all county govern-
ment' acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county officers
otter than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
he elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which the
tirnM in which, and. «ie terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
Sleeted or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation compensation and government of
such boards, an* of their clerks and attaches;
a"so to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may In addition • determine : the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has, in the manner
and method herein pointed out, adopted any
«r.iVntv government act, and the same shall
?„"." been approved by the Legislature «s
o?nr P said the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers and the regu-
lation of their compensation shall not apply,
oVm county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
♦h? Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner: herelnabove set forth.
• AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A 'resolution proposing to the people of the
ctnto of Calllornia an amendment. to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section
to be known and designated as section-five and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
organization , of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: . , :
Section 5H- The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall ! have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine ail I claims of every kind
and character : against the > State, ; under * such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of .■ the Court :of Claims , shall be ' held .as ■ fol-
lows • -'•' ' -'* "■*" -'■■■"■.'■- " ,■ * : ■"..">-';..*'■ i
- In the : City of Los Angeles, commencing ■on
the.second Monday; of March: '• ■_•
; In • the City ; and : County ■of ' San Francisco,
commencing .on s the second ■ Monday in , July,
and ■■':' ''■ ■■' -: - -■' " •■ ■ ■ ' : ' .'■■ '•■ '■'"<"" .:■"■"■
w la ' the City of : Sacramento, commencing on
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time :
Leave San Francisco. s:oo p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
I Arrive Denver.. 6:05 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
i Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
! Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago .6:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
j YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Pe.
m FRASCISCQ TICRETImCE— 844 MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1520.
Oakland Offioe—lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 Vest Santa Clara St
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Bept. U. 1898:
Week Days— a, m., 1:45 p. m.. .- ,
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:14 9, m.
Round trip from Mill v'uJley. »L
THOS. COOK & SON. A«enu. 621 Marlcst
street. San Francisco.
ThfTdi« n M- 7 of NoveiT of each yea*.
ri^uJ * a holding such term of court shall
Ihlv Ln-?,, 6X .V rtl . com P«?satlon therefor, but
on? nf t>T IVe tfl(!lr actual expenses, to be paid
The °i V? 6 . * en ' r *[ fund of the State treasury.
or«ni tUr V haU enact aII laws necessary
cedSl? th Ze s " ch court, to provide the pro-.
of th?s S ectton. an t0 CalTy - ° Ut the "°™™
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
«?fatJ" eS ? J^'w? tO . P °P° se to the people of the
stituti™ C ?'^ Orn J a an amendmentto the Con-
hv oV?i Of the State - amending article eleven,
««,» m ff a new Bectlon thereto, to be known
" s o ec on t number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
/ C i on §**• The Provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
btate of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend Bald sections to
read as follows:
Section . 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
Inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability snail
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
Office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election. .
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California' an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows: ■ •
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor ■ shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced In either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof. HfrfMH
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, j entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed, amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. ISSS,
the above-described- proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, "by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner, and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may . express bis
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
■ (exempting certain claims against the
C;ty and County of San Francisco, and ;
tl ■•■ existing indebtedness of the City Tea
o Vallejo for the construction of its .
• v:iter works from the provisions of ' No
-the Constitution requiring such claims
■ to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
Incurred).
For the Amendment? I 1I 1
Amendment Number Two, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county- —
government acts by inhabitants of ■ " No
• counties for their government).
For the Amendment? l ; •
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- .:
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of- • .
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? U.
Amendment Number Four, being As.
Eembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Yes
and counties, organized or to be or- — —
ganized, or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment? {'
Amendment Number Five, being As- '
■ sembly Constitutional Amendment
N0. '36 (relating to office of Governor, Yea
providing for succession thereto in ■
certain cases and removing disability No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? . . ' \~
Amendment i Number Six, being Aesem- f .. J
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Yes
(relating to and defining Grammar • — — —
Schools). « : • No
For the Amendment? V
Amendment Number Seven, being As- f
sembly » Constitutional Amendment
( No. ' 34- (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not " less than thirty- *•
nor more than sixty days during each No
session)."-.: v."" - '•:•-.  :- :
For the Amendment? s ; ::;■ v--. a. I' \
* - : Witness ; my hand and the Great Seal of - the
State of - California, the day and - year herein
first above written. - ■ •
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of State.
[BEAL.2 ..■-■■-: ■-■ :-,.- .-. \
AUCTION SALES.
SALOON AND FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY). '• AT 11 A. M.
27 PACIFIC ST.. NEAR DRUMM.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELP. 602 Market.
I ' '•
RATLBOAD TBAVEI*
I ~~~~~ ~ - - - ~~—
. | SOVTUEB.M I'At'li'iC CO3XPASY.
(PAOIFIO SYSTBir.)
. ! Cvala* leave kikl m-e due to Arrive at
MAN FKAKi:iM'«.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
mats — Fbom Sept. 29. 1898. — armth
"- •0iO«a Niles, San Jose and Way Station*... «8:45 a.
I • 7:«Oa Benida. Bui»un and B»uramerno.. . . 10:45 a
"i»Oa MarisviUo, Grovilleand Redding tis,
Woodland Bi4«P
7jooa Elmira, Vftc*vnie and Runsser 8:13*
i i 7tS« a Martinez, Ramon, Naps,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa O:X3p .
8:A0a Atlantic Kxprets, Ogtivti and Bant.. StlSp
I i S:3oa San Jose, RtOektUl, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, MnrjHville,
Chioo. Tehaaia and Red D 108.... 4tl3p
«:3O* Stockton, Oak dale aud Jamestown;. Ttl.ir
•H:3oa Milton »7ilsr
«:»Oa Martlnes, Tracy, Lathrop, Mereed • -
and Fresno 18:15*
OiOOa ITresno, BakurstieM, H»nta Barbara.
Los Angeles, Demiog, £1 Paao,
New Orleans and F.aßl 6:43*
.Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and ilar-
tlnei 0:-*5»
10:00* Vail? jo, Martinez acd Way Stations ?:43p
M:OOp Sacramento Hirer 3te»m«rs •» i«op
' l:OOrNfle3, San Jose and Way Stations... 11:43 a
San Jot o, Kites and Way Stations... J9:l3a
8:00p Kilea, Tracy, Mendota, Hanftird and
VUalia.... 4i1.8r
> lilTeimore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JI««18a
4iO»» Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo
: Napa, Calistoga, lii Verano aud
Sunta 0:1
4:0«r B«nis!a. Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Maryirllie, Oro-
Tille aud Sucramento 10:4Sa
4:30t Haywarda, Nfles arid San Jose 7:45 a
8:O»p Martinez. Tracy. Mendota, Fresno,
i ...--• Mojave, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles.... 8:43 a
St94>r Santa Fa Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojare an.l Kant 8:43r
SiSOpKUeB, Tracy, i.athrop, Merced and
Fresno ,,,....
5:30* Stockton I8:15p
O.ooi- Kuroiiean Mail, Ogdeu and EasS.... »:4r> A
•6:0«p Vallejo 12:13p
:~:O«p Vallejo, Port ConU and Way Sta- •
tions t9:4»p
SitOp Oregon Kzprrra, Sacramento, Marys-
rUle, Redding, Portland, I'iigct ' j <-' -^ :
■ Sound ami Kiuit 8:1 A
S AN LKAMmo AN!> HiVWAi:i>S I.OIAIi.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Mcl rote, .Semiunrr Park, ?
«:OOa rilcllbnrir, Klml.nm, o\l^li
>»iOoa San Leanitro. South Sub ,S # 1,
lO.OOa leant] ro, Kitta<illl«, ia!ls»
tii : »A A , L»re«io, Cherrj ■ *,vIZ
7-2»p Hftyn«ra«. tS*«Sp
i.OWP < Runs through to Nlles. 7:43p
J t From mica. \
COAST DIVISION (Harrow flange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7i4sa Santa Ouz Kicumiou. Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J»iOsp
8:15 a OenterriUe, San Jose.Peltpn,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations - 5x»0»
«3:13p Kewark. CenterriUe, San Jose, New
Almaden, Foitou, Boulder Creek,
Santa Craz and Principal Way
Stations ; »lOjsOa
4:15r San. Jose, Glenwood & War Stations 9:30 a
a4il3p Boulder Creek and 8a0U0rui ...... j»:2t>A
CREEK FERRY.
from SIR mSCISCO— foot of Hirket Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:00*.M. Jl:03 •2:50 {3:09
•1:03 t5:03 •6:C3r.M.
Fr»m OiILAHB— ofßr«»dwiy.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00
tW<O *1:CO 12:03 »8:C0 $1:00 «B:S3p.k.
. - COAST DIVISION (Broad «an ? e).
(Third and Tcrvrnaend 8t8.) ;_
•7:0« a San .Jose and Way .Statiuua (New"
Alisadon Wednesdays only) ■ ltSOr
J7:3dA Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Crux, P3ct2o Grove »vi
Principal Way Stations :8:35p
•■••l Sajs Jose. l"re» Pities, Santa Cruz.
Paoitio Orovß. Pasa Robles. Sau
Luis Ohispo. Quadalnpa, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4>l»t>
lOi4Oa Ban Jose and Way Stations *BiUOa
11>3Oa San Jose and Way Stations *»:;J3a
*Bi4sf Ban Mat-o, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, .Han .line,
Qilroy, Holllster. Santa Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Oro»e MOsSBv
■8:8Ap San Jo«e n»A Way 5tat10u5. ...,.,,.. *!>:f> i» a
*4:lSr San Jose a^rl Principal Way Fitatlons «:-ti» \
•3:e«r San Jose a»d Principal Way .Stations 0:33 a
S>3«r San Jose a«d Principal V.'ay Statlous 3i3oi>
O:8«»r San Jobs a^l Way Stations 7:30p
•I 1 1; 43p Bau Joae a^d Way BUtiop» ..., 7?:«» ■>
A for Morning. " P for Afternoon.
• Snndayg excepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
/ Sundays aud Monday s. a S&tnrdays anil Sunday;
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH " PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. w'Jy
Tifctirofl Ferry. Poot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
! WEEK DAYS— 7:'3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:. 0, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays—^Extra trips at l;o*
and 11:30 p. m.
EUNDAYS— 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10, I:SOw
• 6:00, 6:20 p. m. .
_ SAN RAFAEIi TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: IS:4S_
8:40, E.-10 p. m. Saturdays— trips aft
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
eUNDAYS— 8:30, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:44, »:49 -
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Far*
| tame schedule as above. " ■.'-.;'.
Leave • Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. June 29, . . . . . -
Week Sun- 1893. Sun- Week
Days. days. 'Destination. days. Daya.
7:3oam S:ooam Novato, 10:40 am 8:48 &ia
S:Sopm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 arm
:10 pm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pra <:23pn>
- Fulton, ■ ■'■'
7:80 am Windsor, . 10:23 am
Healdsburs,
• Lytton,
Geyserville,
I:3o pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 am Hcpland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35pm 6:22 pra
7:30 am ' 10:25 am
8:00 am Ouernevlll*. 7:35 pm '
I 8:30 pm 6:22 pn»
7:30 am 8:00 am - Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
• s:lopm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm .6:22pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 ana
i 8:80 pm 5:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
: " Stages ccanect at Samta Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs; at Qey-
eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale ; or
1 the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
'■ Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake. Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
? side Llerley's Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hulivllle. Boonevllle. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
' doclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
On Sundays" round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. , . ;
. ■ ■ ■ , - - "*-■-■
: Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle Wd»«
j H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN, f
j General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
! NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.,
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. M:3O. 11:00 a. m. : "1:45.
8:45, 5:15. •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. '10:00, *ll:30 a. m. *1:15»
8:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. .. . - •
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «6:35. 7:43, *9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20. '3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on , Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. «10:00. ni:ss a. m.;
I •1:15, *3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
- Trains marked • start from ' San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m,;
12:35. 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. r m.
EXTRA TRIPS ■on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ' -
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 1:20, 3:20,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week — Cazadero and way starts.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and . way
stations. *
8 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta s.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JCAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 1888,; ' rains will run as follows:
Bouth-bound. • ...■..;... -North-bound..:
Paesen- Mixed. I Mixed. Passen-
• ger. -. Sunday Sunday ' ger.
Dally. Exe'ptd . Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
T :20 am 9:00 am - Stockton 3:45 pm s:4Opra
; 9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pra
1 16:40 am 3-50 pm Fresno B:3oam 2:20
' 11:35 am 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pra
! 2:45pm 11:59 pm Bakersfield 2:30 arri;lo:ls am
j 12:05pm 7:sopm . Visalia 6: 10 urn pra
' Stopping at intermediate points as. required.
• Connections— Stockton with steamboats ot .
'< ■ California Navigation and Improvement . Com- ,
1 pany. leaving San Francisco and Stockton (it 1
■ p. m. dally, excepting Sunday from San Fran- -
i Cisco: at Merced with stages to and . from
: Bnellings, Coultervllla, Yosemlte. etc. ; alia ,
i with ; stage from Hornitoi, Marlposa, etc. ; i*(
1 Lankerahixn with st»g« to and from Maderm.
910
MARY BUCK,
LUCID AND OSTRA
Fool the Form Figurers
at Harlem.
TWO CALIFORNIANS FIRST
PITFALL AND SCHREIBER THE
WINNING CHOICES.
Barbee, Caius, Semper Eadem, Yuba
Dam, Lafayette and The Planet
Capture the Glo-y and
Coin at Latonia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— The Hawthorne
track was deep In mud this afternoon,
and the lovers of that kind of going
were very much in It— up to their fetlocks.
The upsets were Mary Black, of Califor
nia, which won at odds of 8 to 1, Lucid
(15 to 1) and Ostra (8 to 1). Schrieber, a
Joe Hooker gelding, won the short course
eteeplechase for Ed Corrigan. Pitfall (fav
orite) easily captured the first, and Ra
mona (.second choice) the last event on
the card. Greyhurst led for six furlongs
in that race.
First race, selling, one mile.
Xame and Wt. Jockeys., &. hi- \. Str. Fin.
•Pitfall, 109 Blossj 11 11 13 12 13
C. H. Whelan, HH. Jordan: 2 3 3 C 2 1
Overland, 10i» C. Rowel 0 0 0 3 3
Majesta, 104 ..Beauchamp| 3 2 2 2 0
Time, 1:53. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Goiden Rod 107, Tre»by 104, Lalns 104, Cochiae
10* and Lizzie Mile? 104 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 2 to 1. b to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 1, 20 to 1 and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, six furlongs.
Naane and Weight. Jockeys.j ft. V Str. Fin.
Mary Black, 188 L. Reiffj 1 1 1 2 Ins
•Traverser. 105 Bloss] 2 2 24 24
Satsuma. U0 Gray! 0 0 0 3
Lttdy Kllersiie. 106 Rutterl 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:19^. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Hoheniollern 110 and Teeta May 107 also ran.
Sausallto odds — 5 to 1. 7 to 10 and 6 to 1.
Track odds— B to 1, 4 to 6 and S to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, purse, mile and a quarter.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. \. %. %. lm. Fin.
Lucid, 98 Holden! 2 2 2 2 14
•Sen. Bland, 107.. .Rutter; 14 m 11 12 24
Treachery, 104 ....J. Reiff, 3 3 3 3 3 i
Time. I:21H. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odde— l2 to 1, 3to 6 and 3to 2.
Track odds— ls to 1, 3to 5 and 9to 5.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockeys., %. \±. V Str. Fin.
Ostra. 106 Everettf 1 121 1 1H 14
Chancery. 101 ..Hothersall 2 24 2 h 2 h 2
Mr. Johnson, 104.. Martin 0 0 3 3 3
Our Nellie. 101 Dupeef 8 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:37^2. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
•Sun-Ivor 106, El Mldo 108, Stamina 104. Old
Fox 99, Merops 99, Shinfane 104 and Exceisis y9
also ran.
Sausalito odde — 8 to 1, 8 to 1 and 4 to L
Track odds— « to 1, 15 to 1 and 5 to L
•Favorite.
Fifth race, short course, steeplechase.
•Schreiber, 135 (Ellison) 1
Troll, 133 iMcAulifte) 2
Unc'.e Jim, 14S (De Soto) 3 :
Time, 3:28.
Michael G 142 also ran. Gypcelver 128 ran out '
and Nobills 139 left at the ;.:et.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 4 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— s to 2, 5 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V *t. f 4 . Str. Fin.
Ramona. 104 Bloss I 2 2 2 14 1
•C. Fonso, 104...Beauchp| 0 0 0 3 i
Bishop Keed, 112.. Everett' 3 3 3 2 3
Greyhurst. ins Rutterl 1110 0
Time. 1:51. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Queen Safle 109 and Del Paso II 112 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 2 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds — 3 to 1, 3 to 1 and 5 to L
•Favorite.
BABBEE, LAFAYETTE, PLANET
Upset the Calculations of the Latonia
Talent.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 3.— Barbee (10 to 1). La
fayette and The Planet (6 to 1 each), were the
Latonia surprises this afternoon. Cains, who
has been played heavily several times during
the past month, won the second race by five
lengths, and Semper Eadem and Tuba Dam
<hot favorites) captured the third and fourth
race 3. Southard was the only boy to ride two
■winners, uther successful pilots were Crow
hurst, Nutt. Gleason and Aker. The track waa
in good condition.
First race, selling, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.;
I hi. H- %■ Str. Ffa.
•, 102 Crow hurst
t, 105 Aker
Beau , 102 .. Gorman j
Jack, 106..Narvaez
ker, 102 ...Gilmorei
3 0
2 S
0 0
0 1
1 h 2
0
2
0
1
S
1
3
0
2
0
1
I
3
0
0
Time. I:4S. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
•Provolo 110, Flop 99. Lord Neville 102, Suenell
102. Chiqulta II 102 and Possum 102 also ran.
Sausallto odds — 12 to 1, 6 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— lo to 1, sto 1 and sto 1.
•Favorites.
Second race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
Name and AVt. Jockeys, j
'ains. 101 Nuttj
(aggie 8. S7 Frost:
lay B. 97 Kuhn
oyaity, 87 Crowhurst:
Royal Dance, 101.. Taylor:
i 3 0 0 14 16
2 1V» 1 1 2*2 2 h
1h23 2 1 3 3
0 3 0 0 0
10 0 3 0 0
it- 14- %. Str. Fin. I
Time. l:4»tt- Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Graham Montrose 97. Leaseman 97, Ondagne
87. Tom Hughes 97, Ed Overlook 97 and Repeal
97 aiso ran.
Sausaliio odds — 3 to 1. B to 1 and ! to I
Track odds — 3 to 1, 5 to 1 and 6 to L
•Favorite.
Third race, two-year-olds, five furlongs.
Eadem. 107..Gleason]
iry. 100 Ma thews:
Ird. 107 Van Dusen!
13 3 3 1
3 2 2 2
! 14 14 14 3
Time. I:O2Vi. Won cleverly. Second and third '
driving.
M!nni« lpine 100 Hermion 100. Charllne 100, i
Mary Curry 100, Beana 103 and Dolly Regent ■
107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— Even, 3 to 1 and 8 to L
Track odda— 9 to 10. 8 to i and 6 to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race, all ages, seven furlongs.
i Dam, 99.. 50u t
y Seit*. 87 (
Carnival. 90.. Y<
Caxter. 102.Matl
112 2 3 h
3 1 h 1 h 14
4 3 4 3
2 4 3 4
I*
Time, 1:29. Won driving. Second and third j
driving.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 5, 8 to 1 and S to 1.
Track odds— l to 2, 6 to 1 and « to L
•Favorite.
Fifth race, two-year-olds, five furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.
*4- V Str. Fin.
• 001
1 5 « 9
ette. 115 ............
100 Shacke
!, 115 Min-
us. 103 J. J
Fox. 103.. 1
0
Time. 1:03. Won cleverly. Second and third i
driving. . . . ■ »
Seattle 100. "False Load 103. . Tortuju 110, '■
Ericsson 115 and Press Kimball 116 also ran. '
SAUsalito odds— to 1, SO to 1 and 2V» to 1. ' |
Track odds— « to 1. 30 to 1 and 11 to 5.
•Favorite. "- ;
Sixth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
Name and Wt. r Jockeys.
\. h. \- str.rm.
Planet. U2..Sout
niro II 100.... J.
le. 109 Mat
Jholce, 111. Van I
i
ithar
. h::
thew
DOBtl
■i 0
11 I
r* I
m I
0
I '■■
I
1
2 12 1
11 I
a s i
0 0 0
Time. 1:49 s *. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Rifle 112, Amber Glints 109 and Tonto 109 also
ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 1, 6 to 6 and 3 to L
Track odds— 6 to 1, even and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
♦
TWO WINNERS TO
TOD SLOAN'S CREDIT
LONDON, Oct. 3.— At the Nottingham
meeting to-day Captain Whittaker's
chestnut gelding by Peter Flower, out of
Variety, ridden by Tod Sloan, finished
second to W. Johnstone"s Saxon Prince in
the race for the Lenton Firs plate of 106
sovereigns. The betting was 5 to 2 against
th |.^r4 e e^s g L angtn^) four-year
old chestnut filly Dancing W ave, ridden
by Tod Sloan, won the Nottingham handi
cap of 600 sovereigns. The betting was 5
to 4 against Dancing Wave Despair, won
A. Stedall's La Luna, by Despair, won
the Bostwood Nursery plate of 200 sov
ereigns. Sloan rode Mr. Cockfleld s ba>
filly Santa Regal, which was unplaced.
The betting against this filly was 3 to 1.
The Maiden plate of 106 sovereigns was
won by the Lorillard-Beresford stables
two-year-old bay gelding. Manatee, rid
den by Sloan. The betting on Manatee
was 100 to 9.
ORIOLES LOSE TO
THE CHAMPIONS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
I Boston 96 45 .6SI ! Philadelphia 69 6S .504
! Baltimore ...91 4S .655:Pittsburg ...68 72 .486 :
! Cincinnati ..90 58 .60S! Louisville ...64 77 .404
I Cleveland ...77 61 .558 Brooklyn ....S3 84 .387
; Chicago 80 64 .5551 Washington 49-93 .345 I
i New Y0rk. ..74 67 .525 St. L0ui5.. ...36 112 .242 j
BOSTON, Oct. Boston played a wretched j
fielding game for the first three innings, but !
'■■ In the fourth struck a batting streak, forcing j
! Maul out of the box and piling up six runs.- ;
; After the fifth inning Boston played an error- {
less game. Costly errors by the . Bostons . gave [
the Baltimores a strong lead in the first three
innings, but the home team then steadied down i
and gave a fine exhibition of ball playing. But \
seven innings were played owing to darkness. j
Attendance, 6000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E. i
Boston ••U 16 8 I
Baltimore 10 8 4
Batteries— Willis and Bergen; Maul, Kltson
| and Robinson. Umpires — Gaffney and An
drews.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— With the score 6 to 1
against them to-day, the Senators pounded out i
seven runs and came off winners. McKenna I
retired during the proceedings, and Dunn,
■who succeeded him, was also ineffective. Killen
pitched consistent ball except in the third. At
tendance, 400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 6 9 2
| Washington 9 11 3
Batteries — Dunn, Miller and A. i
j Smith: Killen and ilaguire. Umpires— Brown •
! and Hunt.
: CINCINNATI, Oct. 3.— Th» Browns were un- I
j able to hit ■ Dammann in the first game, and
Hawley left their hits scattered in the second. ;
The Reds played fine ball in both games. At
tendance, 600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati S 11 0
St. Louis 0 5 2
— Dammann and Wood; Sudhoff and
Sugden. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
j Second game —
: Clubs— R. H. E.
j Cincinnati 7 12 2
j St. Louis 5 13 1
Batteries — Hawley and Peitz; Taylor, Carsey
and Clements. Umpires — and Emslie.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 3.— Seymour shut out ''
the Phillies to-day in a pitchers' battle. Both
teams played great ball. Attendance, 2000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 3 6 2
Philadelphia 0 4 1
Batteries Seymour and Warner; Donohue
and McFarland. Umpires— Connolly and Smith.
CHICAGO, Oct. The Orphans won twice
from the Colonels to-day. The first game was
one of the most exciting seen here this season ;
and was won in the eleventh by three succes- j
sive hits after two outs. Attendance, 230). i
Score first game:
Clubs— R. H. E. !
Chicago 2 10 2 !
Louisville . .... '...!'...'.'.*.*.'. 16 2 :
Batteries— Griffith and Donohue; Magee and
Kittridge. Umpire— Day.
Second game — Score:
! Clubs- R. H. E. !
! Chicago 3 8 2
j Louisville 0 8 8
Batteries— Callahan and Nichols; Cunning- j
ham and Kittridge. Umpire— Day.
Baseball Teams Matched.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 3.— Arrangements
have been perfected for five baseball
games between the Watsonville and Santa
Cruz team for $500 a side. Two games will
be played here, two in Watsonville and
one in Salinas. The games will be played
on Thursdays so as not to interfere with
the league schedule.
PRINTERS STRIVING
FOR NjNE-HOUR DAY
Employes of the Michigan State Of
fice at Lansing Leave
Their Cases.
LANSING. Mich., Oct. 3.— A1l of the
employes of the Robert Smith Printing
Company, State printers, walked out
again to-day.
On July 1 they struck because of the re
fusal of the firm to grant a nine-hour
work day, which they claimed was con
sidered In the new bids for the two-year
State contract, and also an increase of
wages in the hindery. An agreement was
reached whereby the differences were left
to a board of arbitration.
Last Saturday the strikers notified the
firm that they would insist on an in
creased wage scale in the bindery. This
the firm claimed was not included in the
arbitration.
The strikers say the bindery scale was
included in the former agreement, and,
with three or four exceptions, the entire
force of 150 refused to work this morn
ing.
COLT'MBI'S. Ohio, Oct. 3.— November
1 is the date set by the Focal typographi
cal union for the concerted "movement
looking to a nine-hour day in book and
job offices. It is hardly thought that a
general strike will result, but an assess
ment of 1 per cent is being levied on
printers" earnings as a defense fund.
FREE LUMBER FOR
COAST FISHERMEN
Derelict Log Raft Being Taken
Ashore Piecemeal Near
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 3.— Many logs were
washed on the beach from the derelict log
raft to-day. For many miles up the coast
the beach is strewn with timber. The
stc-amphipWhitesboro cut loose from the
raft and returned to San Francisco. Fish
ermen now have possession of the raft
and the lumber is being taken ashore. It
is estimated that the raft contains 1.000,
000 feet of lumber worth about $100,000. A
light is kept burning on the raft so that
passenger vessels w*ll be warned.
The Great Industry of France.
RHEIMS, France. Oct. 3.— The reports
from the champagne district shows that
the present grape crop is a very fine one
as regards quality. The fniit is now be
ing gathered, and as usual the great
bulk of the choicest grapes are being for
warded to the establishment of Veuve
Pommery Fils & Co., at this place,
which, because of its enormous business,
has had this year, as in the past, the
option on the crop of all the vineyards
which are known for the fine flavor of
their grapes. There is no house engaged
In making champagne which pays such
careful attention to the selection of the
fruit used. This accounts in a large
measure for the fact that among con
noisseurs the world over Pommery, either
"Sec" or "Brut," is the choicest of all
wines.
Survey for a Bailway.
PORT ANGELES. Oct. 3.— The survey
for the Port Angeles and Eastern Rail
road was started to-day. Mr. Martell
states that construction will begin on the
20th, and that $25,000 will be expended by
January, 1899. The ceremony of driving
the first stake was a feature, about twen
ty-five prominent citizens being invited to
participate.
Death of Attorney High.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.^ohn L. High, the
well known attorney, died to-day. He
was the author of "High on injunc
tion!."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
SIXTH DISTRICT
SPEED CONTESTS
Los Angeles Meeting to
Begin To-Day.
FAST TROTTERS AND PACERS
LIGHT HARNESS STABS WILL
TRY CONCLUSIONS.
Opening Day's Programme Includes
an Event for Side-Wheelers
and Four Races for
Thoroughbreds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 3.— To-morrow
afternoon the seventy-ninth annual meet
ing of District Agricultural Association
No. 6 will open, and everything promises
a most successful meeting. In the con
tingent which arrived at the track from
the north to-day were: Much Better
(2:oT^i), the fastest green pacer cut loose
in the United States this year; Rex Alto
(2:07%), the phenomenal Los Angeles
gelding: Prince Gift i 2:12), undefeated
champion of the year and a six-time
winner at the State Fair; Zombro (2:11),
the great son of McKinney, and Our Jack
(2:13), the fastest trotter sired by Stein
way.
From Sacramento came Marplot, Shasta
j Water. Moringa. Bonibei, Napian, Grady,
Amasa, Trappean, Rubicon, Roadwarmer,
I Pat Murphy, Toribio, William 08,
Corona. Queen Nubia and Polish.
The Santa Anita string also is stabled
at the track. George Baldwin has eight
promising horses this year, Including ;
ban V enado and La Goleta.
i All the best horses participating at the
Nevada State Fair will be in to-morrow.
"Jack" Donire, who has been all over
! the circuit, predicts that Much Better
will go a mile in 2:06 over the i^os Angeles '.
1 track. The securing of such harness stars
:as Searchlight, Anaconda. Klatawah, i
Dione and Klamath will make the Los I
i Angeles meeting a notable one in many i
! respects. The programme for the opening I
day is as follows:
Pacing, 2:16 class, purse $Soo— Dietatreas,
Betty Gentry. You Bet, Bernard, Billy Baker,
Dor., Nutmeg.
Five furlongs, running:
Petrel 114'Castelar US
Etlwanda lCßiPauoy Eyes 102
Elsie Smith 107 1 Waif 107
Graclas 114 <^ueen Nubia 107
Igo 106 Smile 102
Tw-ypar-olds, six furlongs:
Reina de Cuba 109 Sir T'rian 103
San Augustine 106 Gold Fin 110
Five furlongs:
Foraim lUlLosette 104 j
An&ara 1"? Celoso 10S !
Roadwarmer 1071
One mile:
: Grady 119 ! MarpIot 110
Petrel 116!
SHORTRIDGES SUED ON
PROMISSORY NOTES
Capitalist Nevills Seeks to Collect
the Balance Due on Two
Loans.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 3.— Samuel M. Short
ridge and C. M. Shortridgt? were made de
fendants in a suit brought to-day by W.
A. Nevills, the capitalist, of Fresno, to re
cover $23,327 21 due on two promissory
notes aggregating $60,000. The notes are
for $40,000 and $20,000, and were made at
Pan Francisco on November 30, 1596. The
i former was for one year ana the other for
; ninety days, bearing S per cent interest.
: Both notes were secured by 117 shares of
stock in the San Jose Mercury Printing
i and Publishing Company: a house and lot
; on the corner of Washington and Bu
. chanan streets in San Francisco, 625 acres
; of land in Pima County, Arizona, and a
lot at Sixth and Martha streets in this
city.
On April 30, 1898, C. M. Shortridge
deeded the house and lot in San Francisco
and the land in Arizona to Nevllls, and
was given credit upon the 540.0U0 note for
! $31,672 79. A few months later he turned
; over his furniture in the San Francisco
house to the plaintiff and was given
■ further credit for $5000, leaving a balance
iof $3?.27 21 due or. the note. Nothing has
: been paid on the principal of the $20,000
note. Considerable interest is due. The
; security on the sum remaining unpaid
I consists of a lot in this city and 117 shares
!of the Mercury stock. The- plaintiff asks
r that a commissioner be appointed to sell
i the incumbered property.
This is the second suit filed against C.
M. Shortridge within a week. Last Fri
day he was sued for $25,000 by Joseph
Britton of San Francisco.
SCHOOL DISTRICT
FIGHT IN NEVADA
— , —
Rival Teachers Seek Possession of the
Clear Creek House of
Learning.
CARSON CITY. Oct. 3.— At Clear Creek
: a feud is imminent on account of the ac
! tion of rival school boards. The district
! of Clear Creek is so situated that a por
; tion of the pupils attending: come from
I Douglas County and the remainder from
; Ormsby County. Years ago the commis
i sioners of both counties held a meeting
1 and, ascertaining that most of the chil
; dren attending school resided in Ormsby
! County, allowed two of the trustees to be
appointed therefrom. Last May. there
being no election, Ormsby's superin
tendent appointed two members of the
old board, and Miss Maggie Schulze was
; engaged to teach school. Shortly after
ward Superintendent Naglo of Douglas
'. appointed two members, also claiming
■ that now the number of children from
■ his county was in excess of those from
! Ormsby. and this board appointed Miss
Virgin as teacher.
Meanwhile Miss Schulze is in possession
i of the school, while Miss "Virgin's sym
', pathizers will not attend. In order to end
i the difficulty the case was brought before
: the Supreme Court to-day by the Douglas
board. The defense claims, if as alleged
the change In attendance gives Douglas
! the better of it. that the board that cre
i ated the present arrangement is the only
j power to dissolve it. and therefore Mr.
! Xagle had no right to act on his own au
! thorlty.
DISBANDMENT OF THE
FIFTH ARMY CORPS
Heroes of the Santiago Campaign
Who Will Now Be Mustered
Out.
CAMP WIKOFF. N. V.. Oct. 3.— The
following general order has been issued:
"In compliance with instructions of this
date from the Secretary of War, the dls
bandment of the Fifth Army Corps is
hereby announced. The short and suc
cessful campaign of this corps before San
tiago de Cuba will fill a brilliant page
in the history of our country.
"By command of Major General Shat
ter. E. J. McCLERXAND,
"Assistant Adjutant General."
TRIES TO KILIT HIS
WIFE AND HIMSELF
Crime Attempted by William Egan,
Formerly a Professional Base
ball Player.
CAMDEN, N. J.. Oct. 3.— William Egan.
a notable baseball player, who hag at dif
ferent periods in the last several years
been a member of the St. Louis, Syra
cuse. Pittsburgh, and other professional
clubs, to-day tried to kill his wife, and
had also planned to kill himself.
This morning while In an intoxicated
condition In a barber shop he displayed
a revolver and said he was going home
to kill his wife and then blow his brains
out. He left the shop, and word was sent
from the barber shop to police head
quarters. Two policemen hurried to
Egan's home and arrived In time to meet
the wife running from the house, pur
sued by her rum-crazed husband firing
his revolver. He had fired three shots,
none of which had taken effect. The po
licemen knocked the revolver from the
man's hand end overpowered him, taking
him to Jail.
Egan was discharged by the Plttsburg
club a few months ago for drinking.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Among California Volun
teers and Orders Relating to
the Muster Out.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— Harold Chts
man, Janius F. Farnsworth and Wllbert
F. Smith have been promoted from third
to second-class letter carriers at Stock
ton, Cal., to take effect October 1.
Pensions were granted as follows:
California: Original-Alvln Button, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $6; Arthur La
Guerre, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10.
Additional— Charles H. Randall, Santa
Cruz, $6 to $12. Increase— William H.
Brown, San Jose, $6 to $8; Lenas L. Case,
Los Angeles, $6 to $12. Original widows-
Minor of William C. Ford, Santa Rosa,
$10.
Washington: Increase— John L. Wallace,
La Conner, $8 to $12.
By direction of Assistant Secretary of
War, Private Jack Blauton, hospital
corps, now at Washington Barracks, Dis
trict of Columbia, is transferred to San
Francisco, and will report upon his ar
rival there to the commanding general of
the Department of California for duty.
By direction of the Secretary of War
Second Lieutenant A. E. Mackenzie, Bat
tery D, First California Volunteer Artil
ley, having tendered his resignation, Is
honorably discharged the service of the
United States, to take effect this date.
Telegraphic orders under date of Sep
tember 4, IS9B, directing Captain S. Pratt,
Third Artillery, and Captain H. C. Danes,
Third Artillery, to proceed from Fort
Point, Cal., to San Francisco, Cal., on
duty in connection with the mustering out
of the volunteer forces, of the State of
California, are hereby confirmed.
SALE OF MONTEREY LAND.
One of the Largest Deals Ever Con
summated in the County.
SALINAS, Oct. 3.— A deed was filed In
the office of the County Recorder this af
ternoon by which Israel Godchaux and
wife of San Francisco convey to Meyer
Brandenstein of that city an undivided
two-thirds of rancho San Bernardino,
Monterey County, containing S3S9 acres
and covering two square leagues; also all
Interest in townships 21. 22 and 23, contain
ing 6069 acres, with all buildings, improve
ments, etc., as well as all stock, harness,
growing crops, ditches, right of way and
water privileges. The consideration paid
for these 465S acres was $62,500. This is
one of the largest and most important
land deals ever consummated in Monterey
County. The war revenue tax stamps on
the deed amounted to $52 50.
WILL IGNORE THE ELECTION.
Only One-Fourth of Dominion Voters
Cast Ballots.
TORONTO, Oct. 3.— A special from Ot
tawa says: Judging from present re
turns on the prohibition vote barely one
fourth of those entitled to vote gave ex
pression to their opinions on Thursday.
As a consequence it is learned that the
Government will ignore the whole pro
ceedings.
MINERS' STRIKE SETTLED.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct. 3.— The miners'
strike at Dlllonvale and Long Run has
been settled, part of the men returning
to work to-day, while others will do so
to-morrow. Over a thousand men were
out. "Th(- settlement is a victory for the
miners, as all their points but one were
gained.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E O Hall, Milwaukee Sirs Chessey, Alaska
H Welnstock, Sacto LMra J F Trowbrlde,
A D Fook, G Valley j Seattle
C J Strouse Yokohama F H Mulford, Cal
D E Garrison Jr. M k \V A Boord. London
W C Johnson, lowa !H E Doolittle. S Diego
Dr A Croleto, Italy B J Spencer, Mo
J Treves. Bologne <R B Canfield, Cal
W \V Gllluly. N V ,J D Works, L Ang
G B Lengely, Phlla |W B Peck. N V
S Sowder. Phlla jMrs W B Peck. N T
R B RadclifCe. Phlla jL Rusfpll. N I
W H Thomas, Phila !J W Sutherland, Eng
C W Llpe. San Jose [P E Wilson, Va
M F Tarpey. AlamedaD E Rasor, N T
J M Maring. Ind A M Johnson. S Rafael
Mrs J M Maring. Ind Baron <& Baroness yon
L T Wright. Keswick! Shroeder. rian Rafael
F S Heath, Ohio T Flint Jr. S Juan
Mrs F S Heath. Ohio Mies D Robson. Cal
Mlfr McCullough, O W C Johnson, Oske-
T S Novell. Boston loosa
H P Novell. N York C J Titus & w. Sacto
F D Novell. Alaska F H Buck, Vacartlle
Mrs F D Nrwell. I
GRAND HOTEL.
D H Oshorne & w, CaliVN* F Cronerulller. Sac
J Mathena. Sacto J M Chase, Seattle
J M Boynton, Vlsalia 8 B Gordon. MI). Sains
G X Johnston. N V IS Coxe, Watsonvllle
A E Alexander. Cal (J M Wllllams&w.LAng:
F Smith. Cal ID C McDonald. Eureka,
F S R uff Dawson C Joy. Salinas
H R Robertson, Or H C Wolf. Sacto
S P Swtjt, Fre«no F O'Pnnnell. Xcv
N Blaokstock. Ventura X C Waters. Cal
A J Morse. Mojave T J Dunne. S Rosa
J F Trowbridge & w, J Flnlays, "Healdsburg
Seattle F Low & w, Tacoma
M J Wright. Sacto P X Frankenheimer.
J A M'Callum. Wtsnvli Riverside
W H Hall. Gridley |D R Prince. Fresno
J W Guthrle. Sacto i
BALDWIN HOTEL.
L E Holzman, Ohio Mrs L Green, Chicago
A Johnson, Sacto jB Ireland. Ca!
J P Berry. Presidio 'W A Morey. Chicago
M B Brown &W. Cal J W Heard &w, Napa
Miss M Brown. Cal IMrs J S Noble. Cal
C P Fenner. Presidio ,Mrs E Hodgrhead, Cal
S Herzosr. S Rafael !E L Krlpp. Sacto
C McChrlsty, CSV (H Dickerman. N T
H Tuggy. Alameda 1G Meyer, Antioch
H G Huber. Chicago |G W Southpate. Eng
J W Gardner, w & d.i Mrs A Kerns, Boston
L Ang 'I O Mitchell. N V
E B Nelson. Minn H Yogel & w, Mo
G Stevens, lowa L Bier, Ft Point
O L Tucell, S Cruz C yon Reischach, Cal
D Lid<3y, Cal I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs Bennefield, Sacto H C Phelps, Seattle
W E Murphy. Salinas Mrs Phelps, Seattle
H Chatham, Tacoma S Mcßrlde. Seattle
P Praggi. Seattle H Laronette. Seattle
J Bearing, Portland O Werner. Ukiah
A E Foster, S Jose I Mrs Powers. Fresno
H Redmond, F Mason W Bartlett. Mass
J H Perigo. NY W M Post. Bel ma
J S Brant. Portland ! J F Haas. Selma
T Singleton. Kans Cy! R Johnson, Maj-wood
A W* Flanders. Seattle;
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, October S.
Schr La Chtlena, Matsen, 10 hours from Fort
Ross. -...■•
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9 30 o'clock.
815 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
19*1 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
i2SI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until • o'clock.
JE2« Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NTV. corner of Twenty-second an<" Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., >»^i
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) • EVEN- J\^
ING. October A. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated TK3T
meeting and M M. degree. By order /^F \
of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and A. , • „■
Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) -J\-
EVENING. October 4. at 7:30 o'clock. J±J\
D. 2. ■,- GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary- /^r>
PACIFIC Lodge No. U6, F. and A. M.— " : » ■-•;■
Stated i meeting ■ THIS EVENING, 7:30 _J\_
o'clock. X>J\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. i^T >
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. }ZJ\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.' r^w^
A. < O. H. Division i No. 3— The ; regular %^Wt> I
. monthly meeting of this dlvlson * 'will , \ I *
. be held at Hibern'.a Hall. 120 Ninth hi.. ; %«J
on THIS DAY (TUESDAY). October CC%jJ£
'." 4. at 7:80 p. m. : This meeting is very*» .>
important, as there will b« an election of of-
ficers to fill ■ vacancies: •: Fines • for absentees
will be strictly enforced. '.<■'■*-'■ \ : ; .
HARTLEY LEE, President.
T. I* CLANCY, Eeoretary,
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
NATIONAL Union Califor-
nia Council No. 530, meets
TO-NIGHT at Elks' Hall. " *"i^
223 Sutter at.
NOTICE— The annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be MJ
at the banking house In this city on TUH.S-
DAY, October 11. IS9B. at 11 o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
San Francisco. September 29. IS9S.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
DR?~M^CL_NNAN~cures where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halgnt 6t.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 aa st.
BAX> tenants ejected for $4; collection* maae;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room »; tel. S»0.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:36
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. _________
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALB.
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation:
4 years last place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st .
REFINED young girl desires situation as
nursery governess, nurse or second work;
educated in German and English. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT Irish girl with good references, under-
stands German and Jewish cooking; city or
country. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH second girl, first-class waitress and
seamstress; best references; also a first-class
Sweedish cook, wish situations; together or
separate. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
LADIES— We have a first-class second girl
with 7 years' references. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
working housekeeper or cook; country* pre-
ferred. Address Housekeeper, 115H Second St.
GERMAN girl wishes a position as nurse for
children or assist in general housework;
wages $15. Address R. S., 523H Grove et.,
near Laguna.
RESPECTABLE person wishes housework in
email private family; would do small wash-
ing. 14 Yerba Buena St.. off Sacramento.
GOOD girl wishes a situation to do general
housework or cooking; wages $20 to $25. Ap-
ply 1129'j Broadway, near Leavenworth st.
A THOROUGHLY domesticated English lady,
nice cook, seeks position, small family or
flat, where there Is one child preferred. Box
1179. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day or week;
sleep home; city reference. 420 Shot well St.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework; wages $12. Call 819 Diamond st.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing and
ironing; first-class laundress. Address 349^_
Minna st., runni 1.
FIRST-CLASS cook or laundress wishes situa-
tion: city or country: best references. Call
213 Minna St.. near Third; call for three days.
LADY wants to do plain sev.ing and mend-
Ing by the day. 82 East Park st.
COMPETENT seamstresp wishes position In
private 'amily; fully competent in making
children's apparel: permanent position more
deeliable than large salary. Address box
848. Call office.
F.KLIABLE girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework, second work or take care
of children: references. 1120 A Golden Gate.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework. Please call at 44 1 * Hoft aye.,
near Sixteenth and Mission sts.
GERMAN girl wants position, general house-
work; was^s $20 per month. Inquire 2 Tay
St.. off Clay, l.etween Powell and Mason.
YOUNG German girl wants position to assist
in housework or with children. 422 Greenwich.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable woman to
do cooking and housework; city or country:
kind to children: good references. Call 2 days
at 123 Olive aye., bet. Van Ness and Polk.
GERMAN woman warts few more places to
wash or do any kind of work by the day.
Call or address 78H Clementina St., in base-
ment, near Second.
POSITION wanted by an educated lady to take
charge of children: French, German and
music; city or country; excellent references.
Address box S5O, Call office.
2 YOUNG Danish girls wish situations to assist
In housework. Inquire at 514 Second st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation taking care of a
child. Apply 3935 Twenty-sixth st
WANTED- Housework, or by the day; city or
country; references given. Address C, box
2. Call office. Oakland.
WELL remn mended German woman wishes
a few steady places washing; $1 per day and
car fare. 1124 Harrison st.
WANTED— By young girl, situation for general
housework and plain cooking; no postals. Ap-
ply 607 Buchanan st.
WOMAN (middle-aged) wants position as nurse
in confinement; can give mother's care to
children; city or country. 2302 Fulton st.
WoMAN wants work by the day at washing
and house-cleaning for Mondays; $1 50 per
day. AddRM 4 Redwood court.
SINGLE lady, first-class cook, wants a place
as housekeeper or to cook. 9 Seventh =t.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments at $1 2r. per day or take work home.
1337 Market st.. near Seventh.
VERY neat colored girl desires a situation as
lady's maid or second work. Address 503 Hyde.
AN American competent Protestant old lady-
speaking French wishes a position as com-
panion or to assist in sewing, cooking or gen-
eral management: a good home more of an
object than wages; country preferred. Ad-
dress bo? Sol, Call office.
WANTED — Situation as first-class cook; light
washing: good references if required. 625
Chestnut St., Oakland.
FRENCH woman wants situation In private
family as laundress. S2l Jackson st.
RXSP_SCTA—_J_ woman with child 3 years
wants housework or cooking; wages moder-
ate; no triflers. Address box 736, Call office.
KZ7 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until UK
o'clock: branch office nf The Call. Subscrip-
tions and wi\nt ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS German coachman and gardener
desires situation; best references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary;, tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1897. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^4 OTarrell St.; tel. East 426.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation as cook:
understands baking and pastry: boarding
house or private family; no objection .to go-
ing out of town. G. D. R., worth House,
1037% Market st.
WANTED — By 2 first-class painters and paper
hangers, with tools, work for private parties;
day or contract. Box 830, Call office.
ELDERLY, strong, sober German wants situ-
ation as watchman or other employment;
handy at anything; city or country. Box
529, Call office. ; r
WANTED— By a young German-American, a
position as grocery clerk and barkeeper; city
or country, can give good references. Ad-
dress box 847, Call office.
WOULD like a position running an elevator or
some light work: have 16 months' experience i
in dry goods and groceries; good behavior; i
best city references. 1045 Market St., room 12. j
COACHMAN— Situation wanted as coachman or
work about private place: experienced driver;
best references; $20. Address box 849, Call.
BUTLER with first-class city references; will-
ing and obliging. 808 Van Neaa aye.
FIRST-CLASS German saloon porter : wants I
place as porter or lunchman. - Please send ad- I
dress 313 Fourth St., room 63. *
GERMAN, middle aged, good references, wants
situation a? watchman in private or business
place. C. H.. 127 Turk st.
GERMAN chef wants steady place in restau-
rant or oyster * house. • Call or address
GEORGE WENSE, 115 Eighth st. . .
COACHMAN or trainer, first-class man, \ and
experienced : first-class references from Eu-
rope and East; single; age 23. Address 931
' Howard : st. ' ■ ' ■ ..; \
COACHMAN or general man . wants position;
understands the care of fine horses, carriages, ■
- etc.; fancy gardening; single; not afraid of
work; best references. Address Coachman,
stable 1217 California street.
WANTED— Position as foreman on ranch by
responsible man 34 years old; has been fore-
man on large grain and stock ranch for past
7 years; can furnish Al references as to abil-
ity, character, etc. Box 819, Call office. .«-. '
EXPERIENCED family cook (Chinese) wishes
: position. SAM, 744 Sacramento st. .
SITUATION to work In a private family: can
. do all kinds %of ', work ; » gardening, < care iof
horses and handy with tools; best references*
Scotch. .R. M. LORIN, Alameda Co.. Cal. -
ENGINEER— * German, competent " and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or In boiler room; wages moderate. 7. Box 762.
Call office. ■■■■-■•-■ 7 J . ■•^-■/.-. -.-;- -:,-; ,~^
SITUATION r wanted by . first-class « German
gardener; can take care of horses and milk;
good vegetable - gardener; : handy with tools
Address box 941. Call office := ; -
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: II 60 to M
\ week : convenient : and - respectable; Ire* but
and baggage to end from ferry. -, r,: v
'. . --■ " -" ' " * ■'■-: "- :■ ' : ;- .
HELP WANTED-FBMAIiB.
COOIC $35; second girl, $26. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter pi.
1 WORKING housekeepers, IK and 116. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter s^
HOUSEWORK girl~- In family, |15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st-
HEAD waitress, $26. MISS CXTLLJ-N. 325 Sut-
ter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, light work, country,
$10. MISS CULLEN, 526 Sutter st.
COOK. $30; second girl, $26; same house. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter at. ■•
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $5 per week. MISS CULLEN, 835
Sutter st.
PROTESTANT seamstress and second girl, $25,
across the bay; second girl, Napa County, $25;
2 young second girls. $15, in city; French sec-
ond girl, $25. J. F. CROSETT &. CO., 316
Sutter st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, Santa Cruz
County, $20, see party here at 10 to-day; wait-
ress a short distance, $20; 5 restaurant wait-
resses, $3 50, $5 and $6 week; cook, country
hotel $30, see party here at 1 to-day; pantry
girl, $4 week. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
NURSE, infant, etc., $28; 6 cooks In American
and German families. $26 and $30; cook and
second girl, same house, country, $25 and $20;
German girl in bakery. $15; boarding house
cook $°5- and a large number of girls for
cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter jet.
NEAT eirl for housework, American family of
3 a short distance, $25. J. F. CROSETT it
CO., 316 Sutter st.
THREE waitresses, country, $20; 2 waitresses,
city $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; cham-
bermaid.' rooming house; 15 chambermaids.
$4 week- 2 lunch and dinner waitresses. $20;
girl for institution laundry, $15 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL. small family, country. $25;
housegirl. Alameda, $20. see party here; girl
Martinez, small family, $12 to $1», and a
great many other girls for city Places, $15 to
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MOTHER and daughter. German preferred, to
work In bakery; mother to cook for help and
daughter to assist in store, $36 and found, c.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
COOK, $30, Berkeley; two cooks, c "y_* 4^.*" d
$35; second girl, San Joae, $2.>. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Suttei* st.
NURSE, $25; second girl, $20; 6 housegirls $25
each; 10 houseglrls, $20 each; 6 young girls
to assist, $10 to $12; nurseglrl, $10 to $12;
boarding house cook. $20; middle-aged woman,
$20; old woman, light work, $12; Irish house-
girl, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED- Experienced nurse girl, care of 4
children, 125; French second girl, assist,
grown children, $20; pantry girl, $20; girls tor
the country. $25 and $20; French maid $2o;
Swedish cock. $35; German cooks, $36 and $30;
French second and seamstress. $20- girls for
housework and assist. LEON ANDRE, 318
Stockton st - ,
WOMAN with child over 6 years of age to cook
on ranch. $15. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
GIRL about 16 for light housework. 286 Natoma
Ft., near Fourth.
AMATEURS for vaudeville company; state
what you do. Address box 544, Call office.
WANTED— A steady woman to help cooking.
Call 136 Second st. _____
YOUNG «irl to assist in light housework." In-
quire 1013 Golden Gate aye.
IMPROVERS and apprentice dressmaking. 1217
Sutter st^ —
NEAT young girl to work in candy store; Ger-
man preferred. Call bet. 10 and 12, »30 Sixth.
j GIRL for general housework and children. 3582
Twenty-second st.
YOUNG girl wanted to take care of children;
small wages. Apply at 2584 Post st.
GIRL 15 to assist in light houeework; two In
family. 1525 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of baby.
1812H Stockton st.
GIRL for housekeeping; wages $18. 409 Clay-
ton st.
TWO tailors wanted. 2520 Green st.
WANTED— A neat young girl to assist in
housework; 3 aJults in the family Call be-
fore noon. 131S Masonic aye.; tako Haight
st. cars.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor for female remedy. 952
Mission St.. room 3.
2 WAITRESSES wanted at 1212 1 . Polk st.
* Model Restaurant.
WANTED— Woman to help in kitchen. 27
Ninth st.
W\ NT ED— Girl for housework; two In family.
Apply 24 Baker St., near Haight.
FIRST-CLASS finishers, also operators and ap-
rrt-ntices on custom coats. 28 Morris aye.
FIRS! Lilnress wanted. SCHIMMEL
_: HOVER. 408 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker wanted. SCHIM-
MEL & HOVER. 40S Sutter st.
NEAT girl, wash napkins, etc.; wages $11 per
month; room and board. 2S First st.
GERM A.N girl to do general housework. 15
Vleksbun? st.. between Twenty-second and
Tw-enty-third. Church and Sanchez.
W^NTEIV-German or Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework and cooking. 1073 V. Market.
WANTED^iecond girl and waitress. 1073 ft
Market St. .
WANTED— 2 girls to work in museum. Call at
810* Kearny st., bet. 9 and 11.
APPRENTICE on custom coats; paid well. 373
Natoma st.
YOUNG German girl to help in kitchen. Apply
324 Larkin st^
GIRL (German speaking) for housework and
children. 691 McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED hand on ladles' waist* to
work in factory; also apprentice. 403 A Turk.
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats; steady
work. 239 Folsom s^
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts: a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36*4 Fremont st.
FINISHERS on custom --its; also apprentice
girls. 52S Howard st. ■
WANTED— Steady first-class flnishtrs on pants.
660 Fourth st. ■ • * - ■
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good position* ;
'patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: position*
free: natt-m*. X.r im. M"tViw.l"« I'll P-.r
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY.... MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
;....... WANT TO-DAY ................
500 men for Arixona ".....
65 woodchoppers ....$1 50 and $1 cord
84 tlemakers — So 40 12c each
Carpenter for a ranch. Santa Clara County;
39 farm hands...... $26, $25 and $20 and found
GOVERNMENT WORK.
6 laborers, half fare paid $2 day
5 stonemasons ..' $4 20 day
.; ...IN SAN FRANCISCO
20 laborers, pick and shovel.... ...$175 day
12 two-horse teamsters.. $175 day
5 shovelers $1 75 day
Boy to drive butcher wagon $4 50 week
TO THE GOLD MINES ...
$2 60 day, 65 laborers.... .....$2 50 day
No experience required, steady Job; 10 la-
borers, placer gold mine. t $2 day
TO THE RAILROADS ............
25 two-horse teamsters, free fare $1 70 day
25 four-horse team5ter5.............. 51 85 day
36 laborers, free fare $175 day
25 drillers, free fare $2 50 day
. 35 drillers' helpers, free fare ...$2 25 day
25 muckers ......'........................5175 day
R. R..... .Remember All Free Fare R. R.
3 choremen for ranches ..........$2O and found
2 choreboys for ranches.. ...... $1" and found
............ MECHANICAL HELP
Blacksmith, city, shop $2 50 day
Machinist, country shop ......$2 50 day
5 laborers, factory work $26 and found
3 stablemen, city and country "....V.T.; ...
..................$3O and $20 and found
■ Young man for boring machine, city...........'
...............MURRAY & READY.
.-..................'................634-636 Clay St.
Telephone Main 534.$ ......■■. .:.-......*
FOREMAN teamster and charge of stable;
city Job. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. -■■■.- _^_ •■■•■■ ■• - ' ■••-■- ■-■
TYPEWRITER and assist on books for a coun-
try firm. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 836
■ Clay st.;. - ■»'.,'■■'. ' ' -' ' ' •;-'■-" -^-:-
MARRIED .....farmer and wife
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
FREE -fare
• 35 laborers and . teamsters
right in the heart of the gold mines; $1 75 a
day. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
8 COOKS for different places. $65. $45 and $30
3 second c00k5..... $2» and $20 and found
6 dishwashers ...... — ..........$25. $20 and $15
9 waiters .'.. $30. $25 and $20 and found
Bedmaker .........:....-. *7 week
Pastry : baker, country ; hotel -- $40 ■ and found.
MURRAY & READY. 63 . 4and 636 Clay st.
■2 PLOW hands. $20; ranch cook,' $30; waiter,
country hotel," $25; cooks. v s3s and $30; second
cook. $45: ' waiter, - boarding: house, $25; 15
laborers, city. $30 : and board; timber feller*.
. ■ $40 and . $30; , woodchoppers, everything fur-
nished; brick yard laborers, $30 and $25 and
board. R. T. WARD & CO., 603 and 510 Clay.
WANTED— Good shirt lroner, $35: second cook,
v $*?; night cook, $30: waiter, coffee house, $1 a
day; dishwasher, restaurant. $20:' dishwasher,
family hotel. $15 and found: butler. $40. AN-
, DRE'S. 31« Stockton st - ••
_!___• WANTED— Co-tinned.
AT~c7 R. HANSE^^Co7sTTo7*G^r7 St.- .
Wanted— rockmen and laborers for Skag-
uay and White -Pass Railroad; wages, 3Uc
an hour; work all winter.
Mr. John Stanley, Mayor of Skaguay, Is
here and can be seen : at our office. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
WANTED— Gang of teamsters and laborers for
the Coast Road; free fare; regular wages. C. ■
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. -
WANTED— Gang" of teamsters and laborers for
the Mountain Road, in the heart of the gold-
mining district; special rates. C. K. WA.N-
S.EN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.___
WANTED— Gang of teamsters and rockmen for
the Valley Road. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 •
Geary st. ,
WANTED-Gang of quarrymen for a new mar-
ble quarry; steady work; two- thirds fare
paid $2 per day and up. C. R. HANSEN _.
CO.,' 104 Geary st. ;
FOR the woods— Timber fellers, barkers buck-
ers roadman, $26 to $40 and found; 10 shov-
elers $1 per day and found, fare 10c, fee 50c;
I laborers? ditch work. nl6 per day and
board; teamsters and laborers '°£ th^ clt^
|1 75 per day. C. R. HANb_n. « tu., iv*
Geary Bt. ,
a CARPENTERS, country, long job, $2 25 day
4 _^d b\)lrdT 2^aVpenters. city. $2 60 a day. C.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 ___________
rrriTjc!— «sT*OEß for a camp, $1 25 a day and
whfelwrlght $125 * day and board.
long job. two-thirds fare paid. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
i« » »ijrvß— r«? for a large mine and" smelter, /
"_i^S£*s«_MS>-egrss .
Geary st. ' _,
an^orjm^ and
C^JB^gN^-thT^^a- -ntelj- -
Geary st. ; .
*hsnl enT& ffi-Jgr r r CUy - C " R '
6 AI E g. S H%s a E^k n C^m^Sary'st^; .
WANTED-Drlft gravel miner $40 and board: ■•
handy man about mine, $2 day.^ «0 laborers
and teamsters for city and country. $1 .o and
ai 0 Vo a S? s^ts__S_ rr c S:. a «i is
mento st. : . .
WANTED— Restaurant cook, no Sunday work.
$10; cook and wife, small country hotel, $45.
Bee boss now; head waiter. $30 and second
waiter* same house. $25; n ranch cook^ t $15.
boarding house waiters. $20 and $20, restaur-
ant waiters, $30 and $32 50, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. .
" — r.xr— - F.r> -
10 more laborers for city. $30 per n»nthan4
board; swamper for good Job, $30 and board.
iitsiss
v, D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED-Capable man of good address to in-
a labor-saving device among book-
keepers- state reference and age. Address
box 842, Call office. '
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms; or .
tr-de guaranteed $15. 1542 Market i t____
WANTED— 2O laborers and 15 teamsters. 1301
Turk st. i
WAVTED— A good retail salesman, familiar _ '
with grocery, tea or crockery trade; a good
man can secure permanent position; give ret.
erence as to competency and character; state
salary expected; none without experience in - ■
any of the above lines need answer. Box .08,
Call office. — —
WANTED-Bunch breaker with knowledge of
rolling cigars: also stripper. P. C. BUCK.
2766 Twenty-second st,, near Bryant.
JEWELERS— 32B Bush St., office No. 4, third •
floor. ; . ' ,
FIRST-CLASS plasterers at new Wells-Fargo
building. Second and Mission sts. Apply C.
C. MOREHOUSE; wages not the issue wita
Plasterers' Union.
GENERAL tailor wanted. 35 O'Farrell st. .
WANTED— Good tailor on custom coats; steady
work. £68 Minna st. >_
DISHWASHER wanted at 1727 Market St.
WANTED— A night cook. 145 Larkin at. -
BOY to run errands and keep store clean, $3
week and lunch. 619 Larkin st.
WANTED— Boy. Apply after S a. m., 9 Geary _
st. ; room 2.^ ' ' •>
CARPENTERS wanted to contract for labor
on rough buildings. 718 Third st.
YOUNG man for butcher shop: one with ex-
perience. Address box 718, Call office.
COATMAKER for country- Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st. -
AMATEUR musicians for social purpose. 328 .
Bush st., office No. 4, third floor.
WANTED— First-class coat makers. 625 A Na-
toma st. . ■
MAN to sweep in lodging house for his board, .
room and washing; no wages. Alpha House, -
5 Market st.
2 PAINTERS wanted at 380 Linden aye..
7 a. m. . . - ■■
WANTED — First-class ladles' tailor. A. I_
BOWHAY. 504 Sutter st. '
WANTED— Good dishwasher. 20 Stockton st.
WAITER at 210 First st. • .
TAILOR wanted. 620 Kearny St.. room 1, first
floor. .•'.■■■■ -. ■ ' ■ -
WAITER wanted. 207 Second st. '
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling at 625- Com-
■ merclal st. •■ " • - " •
WANTED— Man to clean up saloon morning*.
Call at once 5 Taylor st. . , - -
WANTED— salesmen; new. plan; sell
gooas. secure salesmen ;»«&iary, e&pcusca, wiu*
missions. W. F. MAIN CO., lowa City, la. •
TWO clothing salesmen wanted in San Fran- ..
. Cisco and one In each county in every State.
to take orders for our $5 to $10 made-to-meas-
ure euits and overcoats. Live men without
experience can make $150 per month. If you
car. furnish satisfactory reference, we will
, furnish a complete sample line and outfit,
and start you at work at once. For particu-
lars address AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS
CO.. Enterprise building, Chicago.
MEN'S second-hand shoes, some nearly new;
25c to SI. 562 Mission St. ■
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma- •*'
rlne corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who . have legally declared
their intention to become such; must bo ot
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further ' ■
information apply at the recruiting office. 24
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — man cook, butler and sec-
ond man in small private family of 2 persons
(man and wife); state if speak English and
how long been In this country, wages, aga *
and expense coming here through P. O. box
852. New York City.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted, single of good
habits; good references required; $30 per
month, including board and room. Address
C. WALLSTAB. Wads worth. Key.
WANTED— Experienced ad. . solicitor . for good
proposition. Box 143. Call office.
MEN'S fine -calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
; soleing. 35c; only one price.", 923 Howard St.
WANTED— Plasterers to stay away from San
Francisco as there are plenty of men and
; are on strike. '
HALF-TONE photographer and general photo-
engraver at 220 Market st. ;_'■
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter.st. ,
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass* n Free Employment Office. 'S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.; teL Grant 136.
MEN and .women to learn barber trade at San
.: Francisco Barber College, 138% Eighth at. .
SAILORS and ordinary . seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis St.. near Jackson.
• SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY, Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS,- ordinary, seamen, carpenter*.- coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN" 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
. week. ';. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms. . 25c night; . reading-room;
fr»» 'r-us and baggage tn and from the ferry.
._, AGEXTS A.VTEJa"
" A lO PER day made~by~selllng""History^f
* Our War With Spain," and other articles
TT<»wn m Ca L MM w COMMERCUL ADVER-
■ TISINQ CO.. 632 Market st. : room S.
■*2 T ant C 0C 00 * c * n vaasers : we will girt yon
tne best show yet. Room 14, 606 Montgomery.
W^f^' T S D /^ an . " in every Pacific Coast
i City. KATIONAXNO VELTYCO., U3J Mission.D-SINESS CHANCES.
SALOON men attention; fine saloon on
city front, opposite ftrries; full value In
<:ght: doing good business: must be sold
this week, account departure; cheap at $K00;
don't nisi this bargain. National Agency,
" 7 Grant aye.
i^,i<— OLD-ESTABLISHED bakery; receipts $50
a day; fine horse and wagon; 3 living rooms;
cheap rent; retiring from business^ a bar-
galn. National Agency, 7 Grant aye. ■
WE have buyers for any legitimate business;
. parties jhing to ccli give us a- call; coun-
try correspondence solicited. National Agenoy,
7 Grant aye.
jir.o— FIXE corner saloon; clears $75 month;
bargain. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
. $4io— FRUIT store: horse, wagon; receipts $13
day; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$3C«>— GROCERY and bar; 3 rooms: rent $23: full
value. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
.' RANCH bakery; 2 rooms; good business;
iheap. National Agency, : Grant aye.
RANCH bakery, stationery and variety
store: near school; receipts $250 month; ■
rooms; bargain. National Agency. 7 Grant ay.
A— s«oo— SALOON In lively country town, do-
ing a good business; horse and cart: best
location, close to. railroad depot; rent $20
Particulars WILKE .% UNFUG, 906 Market.
. A— WO; BRANCH bakery and stationery store
-.in Market St.. with a living rooms; low rent
established years a.; d clearing about $60 pei
month; a splendid offer. Call WILKE 4
UNFUG. .906 Market St.
A— S4OO— CORN _.R saloon with club room: rent
$30; best location; surrounded by planing
mills and factories; a splendid offer. Par-
_ tlculars, WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market St.
A— S3OO— CORNER grocery and bar. I blocks
scuth cf Market st. : living rooms; rent 127 50
a snap. Call WILKE ,v UNFUG. 806 Market
A— LIST your store "to\ erty
Or business place with
V." XX & UNFUG. SOS Market st.
The old estab. and reliable Business A~ents
J2."O— SALOON; 3 Mocks Call building; long ea
tablished; slckneys sole c.iu.^e sale; a bar-
. __-in. JUNKS & SEARLL. 563 Market at.
!2M) — 8ALOON; - blocks Call building; Urni
<vtab!ished; g-ooJ business; sickness soU
cause *ale: a bargain. JONES & BEARLL,
____In__t___
JllO-r-FRUIT -n«l vegetable store; stock: fix-
f.irer; new patent popcorn and peanut out-
l":t; cheap rent; receipts JS a day. JONES <&
SEARLL, J65 Market _t^
$220— COALY A RP: 1 block from Market St.;
horse. 2 wagons, stock; doing good business.
JONES & SEARLL, S6o Market St.
$2000— PARTNER; light mfg. business; $100 per
mo. salary: exchange for good lodging house
of equal value. KUEDO & CO., 214 Geary.
A— J33O hotel and bar, water front. 37 fur-
nished rooms; clears $100. KREDO & CO.,
221, Geary st.
A— SIIOO— DRUG store: fine corner; $20 daily;
stock will invoice $1500. KREDO & CO.
A— sl7oo: HOAD house; elegantiv fitted up; fine
bar; rfcelpts $1300 monthly. KREDO 4 CO.
$150 — CIGAR stand- bargin this day. Me-
. LAUGH LIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$2500— FIRST-CLASS, bakery, confectionery and
coffee parlor In prosperous country town. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon: a bargain if sold this week.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
ATTENTION— Do you want to sell your busi-
ness promptly for cash? Bargains this week;
$O<W, sal>on vicinity Market anJ Stockton sts..
cheap at S.'CO: corner grocery and bar. make
ofT.r: hotel across the bay. M* rooms, bar, din-
ins room arid kitchen, clearing $100 pi- month,
\rice JS.-.O; we have 3''o business places for
sale. Apply RAND & CO.. 917 Market -•
FINE paying grocery store for sale or ex-
change house nnd lot: city or across the bay.
EITEL. 1016 Market s^
Al CHICKEN ranch; good orchard; running
. water. Box :>;, Diamond P. O.
SEVERAL inventions for sale: U. S. Interest,
$500. DAVID CHAMBERS, St. Nicholas Ho-
tel, from 3 to 6.
FOR SALE — Cheap: the Silver Dollar saloon.
3:2 Sansome st. . must be sold.
FINE paying restaurant; must be sold; owner
Ing to Europe In haste; no agents. Apply
at Call office.
WANTED— SmaII tea and coffee route or store.
M. M. S., box 953, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
CASH grocery— business corner, cor. Del-
mas, aye. and San Salvador St., San Jose; lot
137:2x45; r.ew house. Including store. S rooms.
• horse and wagon; electric light on corner;
eewer finished: street ear -on Delnias aye.;
worth $3000; will sell for $2500. Ap^fly at store.
TO Let— A well established bakery In San Ra-
fael on the principal street; also a corner
store suitable for grocery. For further par-
ticulars apply R. MAGNES, San Rafael. Cal.
WANTED— Responsible party to purchase dairy
store; one who will contract for my milk.
epps and butter; income over $400 per month.
Apply at 1103 Folsom st.
COUNTRY hotel barber shop for sale, near
city: account sickness. For particulars write
or Inquire of DECKKLMAN BROS.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea.
ppices, etc.; supplied as wanted; cheapest
prices. 107-109 -ale st.
FOR sale: bargain; dressmaking establishment
and furnishings. Rm. 135. Murphy building.
HOTEL 26 rooms, hard finished; furnished;
must be sold. Call 256 Third st. make offer.
WELL stocked grocery and bar. Apply WICH-
MAN & LUTGEN. 31? Clay St.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
26-ROOM~houßePclears $200; only $400
65 rooms; for exchange 2500
2S-room corner; price In office
18-room nouse on Sixth st 500
25 rooms; sunny corner 1100
15-room house: clears $100 600
21-room house; central; clears $150 500
32-room house; best in the city 10T»Q
12-roorn house; worth 1800 300
50-room house; worth $8000 3000
15-room bouse; on Sutter st 450
24-room house; dears $150 1400
20-room house; worth $1000 400
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. All prices
: Money to loan on any houce
ABSTRACTS FURNISHED SHOWING
CLEAR TITLE WITH EVERY HOUSE I
SELL.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO 22^ Geary St.
Money advanced on all houses.
7 rooms; Turk Ft.; all rented $275
11 rooms; new and elegant; O'Farrell st.. 600
12 rooms; Ellis st. ; clears $40 SOO
15 rooms; Third st. : rent only $30 275
22 rooms: dining-room; corner 1700
25 ,ms; best on, Post st.; clears $100.... 1550
4S rooms; Geary st.; cheap at 1300.... . 2000
A^.«eoo- 23 rooms; monthly receipts $115: rent
$45: good furniture. KREDO & C 0. .224 Geary.
A _slCoo- ~63 rooms: bay-window corner: cen-
trally located; clears $150 month; $1000 cash,
balance time. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary Bt.
A— 32-ROOM house; best transient house
In city; 2 entrances; a bargain
4S rooms; north of Market St.; fine $1200
14 rooms; near Call building; new 625
22 rooma; select; transient; corner 1150
18 rooms; rent $C 0 450
22 rooms; north of Market: clears $125.... 1150
1] room*.: all new furniture 675
..IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS to location,
.. PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS ■ —
14 rooms; near Orpheum; rent 550 $ 450
20 roornr; corner: new furniture 1050
j:i rooms; r»*nt $50: good Investment 750
41 rooms; rent $110: new 2SOO
EO room*: rent $'.'0; offer wanted 800
61 rooms; brand new; m oney-naaker 2600
68 rooms; rent $12.' : investigate this 1600
We handle only first-class paying houses.
TO buy or sell loil^ing-houses call on Na-
tional Exchange. 7 Grant aye.
OAKLAND— First-claps family rooming-house,
partly furnished: clears '2' l a month. Ad-
Ores* Postofflce box 71. Oakland. Cal.
14-ROOM corner house; all Runny and houee
full: $350. Call 116 Leldesdorg st.
$3CO— lO-ROOM Iging-house; north of Market
Ft.: fine location; 2 car lines. Box 731, Call.
1900— FIR SX-CLASS transient house; none bet-
"tT 4 14 rooms ,-in.l laundry; all let: clears $50
to $75 per month. Box EBS. Call nfflre.
FURNITURE FOR. SALE. ...
FOR Sale— The furniture of a 6-room flat, in
rood condition; a bargain: no •dealers. Ad-
dress 237 Franklin ft.
FURNISHED «-room flat In good condition; a
ba rga in: no dealers: $150. 25 Hyde st.
FOB Mil UK • WANTED.
CASH™ for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise' sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN, auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
II BAUM buys furniture and general nier-
ch:>ndls*. IW7 Market at. : tel. Jessie 32.
> HOI BBS WASTED.
WA~NTKD— Well furnished 4 rooms and bath.
between Market and Post. Powell and Jones
j>ts. ; no housekeeping. . Box 1177. Call office.'
FAMILY wishes to; purchase a house of 6 or
7 rooms, north of Market si., above Powell.
Address box SI". Ctll office.
Partners Wan ted:
PARTNER wanted or business for sale;
Investment' nil secured. by stock' on hnnO : a
■nap for the right man; owner cannot attend;
no agents. Address box £25, Call office. ',
PERSONALS.
' I WILL not bo responsible for any debts con-
i tracted by my wife, Dora Danzlger, from this
I day on. LOUIS DANZIGER. Oct. 3; 1898.
WANTKI) —To know the whereabouts of
FRANKIE KEATING trom Portland. Or.
• Address box 1184. Call..
; LEDEREU'S styles always correct; halrdress-
j :??•„ 250; hair restored to its natural color.
$1 60 up; good switches, $1; finest, $3 50; extra,
' *"' open Bundajr 1 to 12. 11l Stockton st.
. , HOW competent under-graduate doctors, dent-
, , ists can have degree conferred. Lock box 196,
Chicago, 111. ;
; B. M. RAIFORD. spiritual medium," 152 Tenth
st. ; forceful facts. • . . .
i j LEDERER'S^Qulnonia given health and vitality
• I to the hair; 35c bottle. G. LEDERKR. 111
| j Stockton st.
j THE latest novelties in fine furs can be seen
: j at BERWIN & GASSNER'S new fur store,
'I 10 Kearny st. ;-i- ..-- -. ',-t
; I ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
. House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
1 ; 2."c In $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
; i free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
; ! THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics: per-
fect weaver; -."c. Greater West Advertising
and Novelty Co., 1155»_ Washington, Oakland.
" SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
; SI week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
r HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
: ' MRS. DR. FUNKS. 141G Bth St.. Alameda.
- I SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
t LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
. j CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
. ! Call. Pent to any address in the united
- I States or Canada one "ear for $1 50. postage
■> | paid. _
: DRESSMAKERS.
" I PAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
. j College, 918 Market; men and women teachers.
■ I MME. <;■ ij : EIN— EI ant stylish dresses $5
. ' up; dresses made -v«r. 3 Kddv st.. rm. 14-IS.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
' MRsTdr~F CLARK, the distinguished trance
! 1 clairvoyant and medium: while entranced shfl
• i will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance: perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. V. CLARK, rooms 15
and 26, 1205 Market st. opp. Sixth.
■ MIS? DWYER. the distinguished clairvoyant
» medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their
■ : future consult her Immediately; poor people
hnlf fee; by mail, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
, j 42C Post st. .
. MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
; present and future; 2,">c. 14S Sixth st., room 10.
MME. SYBILUB, cradle to grave; future hus-
i band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
i MME. RAVBNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
[ MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
: teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell «t.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader.medlcal clairvoyant. diseases cured
with revealed remedies; cancer cured without
pain; Fittings $1: diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
CIRCLE to-night. 8 o'clock; Thursday. 2 p. m.;
readings, $1. C. MAYO-STEERS. 112% Oak.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leaver. worth st. ,
MME. YOUNG'S convincing ' test circle to-
night. 10c. 605 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. US Haight st. ~ -■;• ■
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. read- j
Ings. $1; clr. Tues>.. -Frl.. 2 p. m. : ".ton.. 8: 25e. I
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
. keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates 1
per week and month. ]
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. B., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
1 nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
I ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing, mecb. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
! eet. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MARH] vocal studio. 811 Lea worth St.,
near Sutter: $1 an hour: also piano.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
Instructions: correct, natural method. »30Bush.
SINGING lessons given In exchange for dress- !
\ making. Box 716, Call office.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell:
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg., 122 Ellis.
INSTRUCTION — Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 24th St.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
I ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call, i
Subscriptions and ads taken.
LOST.
LADY'S old English gold watch and chain,
with cross and pencil, Friday, on Market or
Ellis Hts. Liberal reward room 23, 230 Mont-
| gomery st.
LAST Tuesday, bunch of keys. Return to M. !
E. GOLDEN, 3502 24th St.- Literal reward.
I LOST— Pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
' and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
j name of BRIDGET O'MARRA. No. 112.440. i
j The finder will please return to bank.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad,
Issued to A. G. RUBS, has been lost and a !
reward of $10 is hereby offered for delivering |
the game to A. G. RUSS. 201 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE—^MISCELLANEOUS.
. ASK to see the $19 diamond ring: ask to see the
i " $23 diamond ring. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant
1 aye.
LARGE Al parlor mirror. 405 Powell St.; call
10 to 3; a bargain.
2 FRESH family cows. Inquire 1038 Capitol
aye., Ingleside.
I FRESH milch cow for sale. 619 San Jose are.
FOR SALE— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, i 02 Seventh St.. Oakland.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
| gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st. j
MANUFACTURER'S stock, 850 beautiful col- i
. ored pictures, 10x14 Inches, mounted on glass
with brass chain around for hanging; 89 sub-
j jects for 15c each; sold everywhere for 3uc.
JONES, 647 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St., above
Sixth.
100.000 FEET second-hand lumber; all kinds.
Fifteenth and Valencia fits.
SAFES— and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe >. .-.'■., 553 Sacramento. j
PHONOGRAPHS, $20: lecordx. IS per dozen; I
projectosoope, $100. Bnctgalupl, 938-952 Market. I
J. R. POOL, houM mover, dealer peoond-hand i
building material. J124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BOOMS WANTED.
WANTED— furnished parlor, bedroom and
bath, no housekeeping, between Powell and
Leavenworth, Post and Market ets. Box 543.
Call office. . . > I
ONE or 2 unfurnished rooms by German lady
with one child; reasonable. Box 705, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— MaIe collie over six months; state
marks and price. McLEOD, box 719, Call.
W \NTEIIW-Horse and harness cheap. Address
1319 York st., near Twenty-sixth.
WRITING desk In good condition, with book-
cape attached. Box CGI, Call office. -
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodical*
bought. Send for KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern app»-
ratug second-hand, 109 Montgomery «t.
BBWfKG MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45. i
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing- at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
~ TYPEWRITERS.
ALL? typewriters sold - and rented: few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples - and
prices ALEXANDER & C 0. ,110 Montgomery.
a Hammond, $25; CajiKTaph, $15; Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery et.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
A—s3o;A — $30; handsome, sunny, papered, modern; 7
rooms: large garde . 1720\Flllmore st.
LARGE twelve room house; to let low to a
good tenant; sunny side Broadway, near Polk.
Apply to C." B. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents, 630 Market st.
I MARY. 20, near Fifth and Mission— rooms; I
1 double parlors; $22 60. • - ■ ■ '
THIRTEENTH, "1". between Market and Guer-
rero — Four- sunny rooms, $18.
' TO LET House of 13 rooms and bath in good
'. order; north side. %2 O'Fnrrell st.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2754, bet. Bryant and Hamp-
shire — 6 rooms; all modern Improvements; use
I of a large lot adjoining; rent $16.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
I fiscpole. BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
3 LODGE roomn furnished. < 927 Mission: 10-
room house. 2417 Butter: 5- room cottage. 2105
Suiter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay st.
i $6—3 ROOMS and stable; 4009 Twenty-fourth st.,
, cor. Nee. NICOL, 410 Kearny st. -
j HOUSE) of 6 rooms; grand view of bay. 3 j
1 Lawrence place, oft Fremont St., near Har-
rison; : -
FURNISHED HOUSES.
I _» „ __ ,
COMPLETELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms, j
hall. bath. gas, hot and cold water; coal and
gas stoves: large basement floored: front and
back yard; reasonable; Inspect 10 to 5. Call
or address F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market.
j CAP! 1 , 418— Furnished and unfurnished flats.
; 4 and D rooms, bath. $20.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~
A— % month free: 6 rooms, bath, nice yard; $12.
At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S; 602 Market st.
CHEAP cottage of 4 rooms with large lot, on
Pierce, bet. Haight and Page; rent $12. Apply
1 to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate Agents,
j 630 Market st.
j NJCE sunny cottage. 447 Fifth st.; 4 good
rooms; large yard; $13.
$15— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms, bath; $15,
flat. 5 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth st.
I FURX I r _L L AT S'
! FLAT of 5 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent $15. 12 Elizabeth st.. near
Guerrero, between Twenty-third and Twenty-
fourth.
I NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. 11l
Fell ft.
FLATS TO LET.
A NICE; 4-room, bath; near Mason st; $16.
SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
A— 7 ROOMS; porcelain bath; reduced to $28. i
930 Sutter St., near Hyde, or SPECK & CO.
A— PLEASANT, sunny, 6 rooms, bath; reduced i
to $20. l?0«4. Turk st. I .
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
rooms, $7; also flat, 2 rooms, $5.
CLAY. 1417 A— of the most beautiful flats
in town; convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON. 572. south of Frederick—
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY, 633— eight-room flat; newly reno- j
vated; central location; very convenient and
commodious; rent cheap.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay- window and bath; $12. i
716 Natoma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FELL. 511— Flat 4 rooms, bath: basement; gas; j
hot and cold water; yard; $15; key at 513 Fell.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 904 Minna St.,
near Tenth. •
FOLSOM, 951, near Sixth— of 7 rooms and
bath; suitable for private or rooming house.
FRANKLIN. 710, nr. Golden Gate Lower :
flat 5 rooms and bath; $22. j
FRANKLIN, 717. near Golden Gate aye.— Sunny j
corner flat of 8 rooms and bath. '-;v ; .^ j
GEARY. 1135, bet. Van Ness aye. and Frank- j
lin—Elegant modern flat 7 rooms; bath: base- I
ment^
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1158, near Webster—
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms. j
LOWER flat. 3 rooms; upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath; rear house, 4 rooms. 1310 Larkin st.
MODERN corner flat. 6 rooms, bath, etc; rent
$15. Corner Twenty-fifth and Kansas sts. ; !
take Howard st. cars; stable If desired^
NEW sunny flat with all latest Improvements; i
rent reasonable. 880 Castro st. j
NEW modern flat, 5 choice sunny rooms, $18. 1
1720 Hyde Bt.
NE. cor. Nineteenth ant Noe sts., 1 block from
Eighteenth or Castro st. cars— Lovely sunny
corner flats: 5 rooms, $18. water free: 4 rooms,
$15. water free. '
NORFOLK, 33—5 rooms and bath. $12. . T
POND, 47, off Sixteenth, y* block from Market
—Sunny upper 5- room flat; $15; water free.
SUNNY flat: cheap; 6 rooms and bath. 531
Thirteenth St.. corner Market.
TWELFTH, 337— Nice sunny flat 4 rooms; rent ;
reasonable. ;
UPPER flat: 213 Steiner St.: 7 sunny rooms and |
bath; glazed porch; must be seen to be ap- I
preciated.
UPPER flat, 4 rooms, $11. 1362 Stevenson St.,
near Thirteenth.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELU 10 Mont-
gomery st.
3-ROOM flat; nice location; reasonable. In-
quire at 3r,2 McAllister st.
$10, $12. $13— SUNNY flats; range; hot and cold j
water. 101-103 Prospect nlace. cor.Sacramento. |
2 SUNNY modern flats, 4 and 6 rooms, bath. |
61SH Grove st. and 925 Golden Gate aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A^SIITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 fold beds, 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; 3 per week, $11 per month;
suitable for 4 or 6 persons. Apply at shoe
store, 562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
AT 415 Van Ness aye. double parlor, un-
furnished; also 2 rms. In basement; gas range.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny furnished
front bedroom and kitchen, $8: also $6.
CHESTNUT, 293, corner Dupont— Fine fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; no small chil-
dren; fine view and sun; quiet neighborhood; |
cheap.
ELLIS. 635. bet. Larkin and Hyde— 2 or 3 sunny
front rooms furnished for housekeeping.
FRANKLIN, 327— Large front room; grate,
bath: no objection to light housekeeping; 1
rent $8. I
HOWARD, 1068— A newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg, $12; others. $8; single, $4 mo.
JESSIE. 476—2 rooms, ■ neatly furnished, for
housekeeping.
LEXINGTON aye.. 210, bet. 19th and 20th— 3 fur-
nished rooms, housekeeping, complete, $10; j
alcove, -.57. '■■-, I
MINNA, 270, near Fourth— Two housekeeping I
rooms: $6.
MINNA, 646— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. .
MONTGOMERY, 716—2 large sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas and wash room;
■ cheap. . '
MISSION, 866— T0 let, fine front parlor; two
housekeeping rooms furnished.
MISSION, 1129— Newly furnished rooms: house- j
keeping; also others cheap. i
MISSION, 1241—2 furnished sunny rooms; stove; j
housekeeping; running water and garden; :
reasonable . i
MISSION. 2133—2 rooms for housekeeping, $3; j
or 3 large sunny rooms for $15.
NATOMA, 81, cor. Second— Furnished . rooms
from $10 up; also housekeeping rooms, $2 per !
week; respectable and quiet.
NINTH, 20, near Market — Front bay-window
suite; water; stove; gas; $12; single.
NINTH. 72— Large furnished room; water; light
housekeeping privilege; private family.
POINT LOBOS aye., 1819—3 nicely furnished i
bay-window rooms for housekeeping; $10.
SEVENTH, 214—1 or 2 unfurnished rooms for 1
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
SILVER, 165, near Fourth— Front parlor and
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping.
TAYLOR, 1920, corner Filbert— 3 or 4 sunny I
rooms, light housekeeping; rent $10. !
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st.— 2 or 3 rooms, j
I furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms. ]
THIRD, 340— Sunny room complete for house-
keeping; rent $8. '
THIRD, 309— Large sunny furnished room for
light housekeeping; $1 50 a week. :
VAN NESS, Newly and elegantly fur-
nished sunny corner flat, 3 rooms and bath;
8 closets; gas range; complete.
VAN NESS, 400 — Unfurnished sunny parlor
floor, .4 rooms; newly papered; modern.
VAN NESS 'aye., 518— Sunny rooms, complete !
for housekeeping; baths; $12 and $15.
VAN NESS aye., 940— Nicely furnished parlor j
floor for physician' or housekpg; private fain.
ROOMS O LET.
A— STOCKTON, 242— First-class sunny front • •
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo. 1 <
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant j I
sunny rooms, en ■ suite and single; first-class ]
In every respect; terms ■ reasonable. 1
AT 52 SECOND— single, double and light 1 ,
housekpg rm vrk, $1 to 12 50; ;day.2sc to Me. ;
ROOMS TO LlST— lonlinncd.
AT 41F O1O 1 Farrell— Sunny rooms; Buites; single;
by day, week or mo. ; baths, running water.
BALBOA, The. 1409 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms iKic. suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA. 2% Post St.. 3 block Palace Hotel—
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board If desired.
BROADWAY. 700, corner Stockton— Fine sunny
furnished rooms, single or suites; also suites
for a doctor; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD^ 204 Ellis. or. Mason— Sunny
suites and Eingle rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. FlO mo.
EDDY, 620— Nicely furnished front rooms;
sunny; gas and bath.
ELLIS, sS7— Parlor floor, 4 rooms, suitable for
office's or family; also single rooms.
ELLIS, C 33. corner Larkin— Sunny furnished
room: mantel, folding-bed, gas, bath.
FIFTH. ITO— Nice sunny room; cheap; gentle-
men only or man and wife.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. JH. 2ITEII2 ITEI 1-
GEARY, s!'D— Handsomely furnished sunny -cor-
ner suite, with piano; also single room; ref's.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny suites: privilege
light housekpg; double and single rooms; reas.
GEARY, 610—2 large sunny rooms, newly fur-
nished: also housekeeping rooms.
GEARY, 736- Nice sunny front rornn for 1, $6:
also room for 1. $5; bath; private.
GLOBS House, S2l Howard- Pr-r night, 25c to
II; week. $1 to $4; rradinK room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 435— Nicely furnished
sunny room, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1221— Four sunny rooms
and bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Tleaaant sunny rooms; en suite and
| slngl": elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family I
; rooming house; $1 50 to *6 per week. j
H ASK ELL. The. 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gent 3 preferd.
HOWARD. 874— Sunny room, furnished or un-
furnished. —
HYDE 609— Choice sunny; reasonable; appre-
ciated If seen; please investigate.
HYDE, 1000^, corner Pine— 2 front sunny fur-
nished single, rooms, $6 and $6; gents pre-
ferred.
HYDE, 1111— Large sunny furnished and unfur-
nished rooms.
KEARNY, 326— Back parlor, with use of front
parlor: for gentleman or gentleman and wife;
rent very low; private family.
MCALLISTER, MS— l furnished front room;
private family; reasonable^
MINNA, fi«7. r r. Eighth Newly furnished bay- •
window room, $1 per week; transient. I
MINNA, 725, between Eighth and Ninth — 3 nice
rooms; first floor; big yard: rent $8. ■
O'FARRELL 20— Runny furnished rooms; ele- ;
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 224— Bay-window front suite, $6
week; single, double bed, $2 50 week; all
sunny; running water; closets; transient, 50c j
and $1. !
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75
cents a week and upward. 421 Bush st.
POLK. 607 — Sunny rooms, running water, newly
furnished, reasonable rent; also housekeeping
rooms. j
POWELL. 621— Sunny front bay-window room; '
ba<~k parlor: also single; new house: bath. ;
ROOMS in good location by the day to respect- :
able parties visiting city. Address "Select," ,
box ML Call. I
SEVENTH. 192. near Howard (Girard House)— i
Sunny rooms; reasonable: also housekeeping.
SEVENTH. 325V4— 3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
rent cheap.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 2W4 — Sunny furnished rooms; rent
• r hi me; $5 up. I
STOCKTi (N, •■ 3 Sunny single and suite; also
keeping rooms.
SINNV ale re room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; pri- j
vate family: references. B>>x sr,3. call office.
BUTTER, 2224 -Comfortably furnished room In,
a private family. j
TAYLOR, -114 N«wly furnished sunny alcove;!
other rooms; central; reasonable. ,
THF.MONT House. 1773 Market St., opp. Gough j
—House newly furnished; single rooms or!
suites; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12.
TI'RK, 132— Large nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2; sunny single front room, $8.
TWELFTH. 1?. near Market— Furnished or un-
furnished rooms to let.
VALENCIA, 1184— Sunny front alcove room,
With klu-hen: every convenience; moderate.
VAN NKSP aye.. K?l- Fine lartre furnished
room for 2: hot nnrl cold water: bath: $1".
ROOMS AND HO \-U>
AP.BOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk sts.; aulet, homelike;
terms moderate: board opt'nal; all ears direct.
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye.— j
Rooms '.Oc up; board and room. $1 per day and
upwnrd; free hue to and from hotel.
PISH 821 changed hands; large sunny rooms;
board: running water; bath.
FOLSOM, .'.ll— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $." per week; nice location.
GEARY, 227— First-cla«s board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, 250.
GEARY. 460 — Nice room for 2 gents; first-class ]
b ;ir.i: $4. r . ; private family; also day boarders. !
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant home for gent; I
board; h"t and cold watsr: $20; other rooms. !
THE ORIEL — New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2. $40 per |
month; single rooms accordingly.
Tl'J'.K. 127 First-class boar'] with German
family: $20: special rates to students.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
VAN NESS, 1008— Excellent table board; sunny
furnisher! rooms.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED- One or two children to hoard. Call
at 70r. Greenwich st.. near Powell.
WIDOW wishes two children to board; furnish-
erl room for parent. 51 Clam st.
OFFICES TO LiiiT.
EMMA BPRECKBLS building, 927 Market St.;
light, heat, Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
TWO fine furnished corner rooms, suitable for
doctor or dentist. 405 Kearny st.
S.ORES TO LET.
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.—
Handsome corner store, $30 per month.
SPLENDID corner Ptore with 3 rooms and
high basement In new building; 521 Ellis St.;
fine location for wine house or French liquor
Etore; rent reasonable. DAVIDSON &
LEIGH. 30 Montgomery^
STORE fit for fruit stand or butcher shop. 3270 ■
Twent.v-fi.urth at. ;
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the sums price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin ft* paper and no
light It floats. Full set of teeth, $3; crowns,
$3 50 up; gold fillings, $1 up; silver. 50c up; .
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee (
for 10 years given on ail work; we employ
none but experUnced dentists to do your
work: no charge for extraction when plates j
ere ordered: examination and consultation I
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. S Ma-
son St., corner Market; phone South 7SI.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexlblo
plates; llffht and thin: guaranteed 10 years. .
teeth Without plates, crown nnd bridge work ■ 3
our specialty: fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; all j
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- i
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentlstT
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. BRIDGE WORK— -
New York methods at New York prices by ]
New York dentists. %9 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Pol* *t.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J. .
W. KET. 1320 Market et. j
4 MARKET ST.- Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. J. B. j
EVANS, 14 McAllister st.
■ iv PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law. ]
40 Montgomery St.. room 10.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckols bldg.. 927 Mar- ;
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
A.DVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. I
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$1450— SMALL amount cash, balance In easy
monthly payments; brand new cottage of 4
rooms and bat. 'on Vermont st., near Nine-
teenth; lot 25x100.
— Two-story house of 9 rooms and two
baths; California aye., near Virginia aye.
$3500— Central aye., near Turk St.; two flats
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; lot 27:8x110.
$7250— handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero St.;
rent $G2 50; lot 25x100.
$3000— Business property; Twenty-fifth st.,
near Church; lot 23x114 feet; 2-story building,
containing store and 4 rooms; also 7 rooms and
bath Upstairs; baker's oven in rear of lot.
Thirty-fifth aye., near Clement St.; lot
25x120; cottage of 5 rooms.
$6000— Mason St., near Sutter; house of 6
rooms and bath.
Filbert st., near Laguna: cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable in rear of lot; lot 25x
137:6.
$10,000— Fulton St.. near Franklin; large bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and bath; ex-
pensively built; lot 40x120.
$3750— Great bargain; corner Dolores and
Twenty-third sts. ; large lot and 2-story bulla-
ing containing store and flat above of 7 rooms;
rent $32 50.
Sacramento st., two new flats, 6 and 7
rooms, etc.; lot 27x127; rent $52 50; both rented. .
Eleventh aye., near J St.; 25x120.
$1200— aye., north of Lake St.: 25x120.
$3100 — Good business corner; San Jose aye.
and Twenty-ninth st. ; 26x114.
Corner of Butte and Hampshire sts.;
lot 50x75 feet.
$730 Richland aye., near Mission St.;
25x100 each. ] ■■•':'■-
— Tenth aye., near L St.; 25x120.
Eleventh aye., near M St.; 50x120.
$1500— Brady St., near Market; 25x50:6.
$1500— Twenty-fourth St., near Sanchez; 25x
114; street accepted.
■ $4.'.C Twenty-sixth aye., near Lake St.;
26x120 each; splendid marine view.
$550 each— Twenty-fifth aye., near Lake St.;
26x120 each; splendid view of Bakers beach.
$6000— Lake St., between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth ayes.; 240x108; 9 lots; magnificent
view.
$450 Twentieth aye., near California
St.; 25x120 feet.
$T5O each— st., between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second avee.; 25x100 each; easy terms;
fine view.
$600 Twenty-first aye., north of Lake
St.; 25x120 feet.
$3250— Twenty-first aye., near Lake st. ; 60x210
feet. -.- .;.
$650— California St., near Fourth aye.; 28x100;
easy terms; great bargain.
Corner of Fifth aye. and C st. : 95x100
feet. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St.
A NEW BLOCK
OE CHEAP
LOTS,
NEAR THE PARK.
$25 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Price $275 upward. We have Just subdivided
a block of 50 lots near Golden Gate Park and i
the Affiliated Colleges. Lots on grade with i
streets. Street work done. No drifting sand. |
Magnificent views of the Park and the Golden i
Gate. Best climate In the city. Sheltered
from the wind. First buyers will secure the
choice lots. Go to-day and see them. Take !
the new electric cars that run to the Cliff |
House (taking the place of the old steam
dummy) and get off at Ninth aye. and H St.,
south side of Golden Gate Park. We have a
branch office there (open Sundays). Our agent
will give you maps. etc.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
A BRAND NEW COTTAGE—
$1450— Vermont St., near Nineteenth; brand
new cottage of 4 rooms and bath; large lot;
small amount cash, down and balance . $15 j
monthly. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 M) a year.
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $5
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi- ;
gate and approve this method; prices are th»
tame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy i
payments and some good pianos for $3, $1 and i
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. |
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter !
st?.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
AN elegant Curtaz piano, slightly used; cabi-
net .grand, walnut case, three pedals, a bar-
gain; also one Vose & Son's, 1 Steck. 1 Chick-
ering and one Kingsbury piano; if you intend
buying do bo now; freights advance October
] an.l we have five carloads of pianos com-
ing: we need room. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, !
■) lettering Agents, 18 to 20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
' west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. i
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and j
all other musical instruments of all grades j
and prices; terms easy; prlce3 lowest; every-
thing passible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .
HARDMAN agency; carload Just received; 2
more cars to arrive; must have room; 2 ele-
gant Instruments, one a Hardman. slightly
damaged: great bargains; organ. $13. $50. THE
J. DEWING CO., second floor. Flood bide. |
FOR the next 30 days pinnos will be sold for
cast) at almost cost price b*' the ZENO
MATVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.; they
are making room for fresh rtock.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Rriggs nnd other pianon; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
AN elegant Stelnway. upright for $230 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 .'an Ness aye. '
A SMALL grand piano In line condition: will
be sold reasonable. 411 Ellis st.
IT costs you ",c to see pianos we rent for $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 660 Hayes.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
GREAT bargain; nice upright. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rent* J2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrelt St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MEDICAL. ~~
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or lrreguitrity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure Bent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
st. ; pills, $1; very strong. $2.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
arid sure nt any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fail; travelers helped without delay; home In
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential: strong pills,
$1; guaranteed cure, ?5. MRS. DR. WYETH,
208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL- of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive ; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution ßefore pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure: no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
caves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladies' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
A. TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal PUIs
. (Diamond Brand), best: . safe, reliable; . take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.'
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
d ru ggtsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
live.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to Indies with
female troubles; no danger, safe cure; $2 50:
expressed CO. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
ATTENTION! Rheumatism: guaranteed cure in
10 days; no pay till cured. 239 llyd-> st.
HRS. ACHAKD, midwife: sunny, : pleasant
home in confinement. 136 Second st. .
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
; StihsoHntlons and arts taken.
_~ PHYSICIANS.
3R. 'C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; dlcases of, -vonien -z specialty. :;
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A— 3so ACRES Napa^Valley land in subdivisions
of 25 acres; the beat of orchard and grain
land; yielded 17 cwt. per acre this season;
from $65 to JSS per acre. Box 715, Call. - ■•
FOR Sale— Stock ranch; 1200 acres land; 500
acres fine grain land, remainder 'grazing hill
land: abundant feed: well sheltered and
watered; .situated in Coluna County, IS miles
from railroad: price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON, Marysville. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
' OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOME on Linda Vista Terrace, on Piedmont
line; 8 minutes to City Hall; 40 minutes to
San Francisco, with l. > minute ferry trips;
new house, 7 rooms, Including 4 bedrooms:
light, airy basement; best of construction and
finish: open nickel plumbing; 3 lavatories; gas
fixtures, etc., complete: large deep lot; only
$3700; easy installments. HERON & HOL-
COMB, 1050 Broadway.
FOR Sale in Oakland— New house. 7 rooms and
bath; '2-story; best construction and finish:
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; SO minutes from. San Fran-
cisco: monthly installments. HERON & HOL-
COMB. 10."0 Broadway. .
$13;.O FOR a new house, 4 rooms and bath; on
Telegraph nve. ; $17, Including interest per
month; no cash down; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station. Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. XOENIG & KROLL. 1006
Broadway. _^_^__
HOTEL TO RENT UNFURNISHED.
NEAR City Hall, on prominent corner, hotel of
58 rooms; ' short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc.; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— without board: ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets; reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURB— Good and cheap. H. BCHEI£-
HAAS' old more. 408 Eleventh st. Sea him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
. JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
! tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
| date; almost new, and are located near schools
; and stations.
I We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market it..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
1 $4000 FOR a lovely home in Berkeley; house of
9 rooms, bath, etc.; In excellent condition:
corner lot, 135x120; plenty of fruit trees and i
view unsurpassed; only 10 minutes walk from
University buildings.
O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
FOR Lovely home, 8 rooms, bath; modern
1 Improvements: large grounds, lawn and flow-
ers. 1901 Louisa st. ;
$3500— NEW house of 7 rooms and bath; all
modern improvements; large lot; street work
all done and near the university. JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate. n-i- ? <r.W station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A LIST of city property, Alameda, Oakland,
Berkeley; houes to exchange; ranches; fruit
and stock ranches; houses, flats and lots
sold on installment or part cash; city or '
across the bay; loans negotiated. EITEL, j
1018 Market t. I
$3000— HOUSE 11 rooms, etc.; lot 23x100; ex- I
change for city or country property. J. F. j
PLUM-BE. 1402 Valencia st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
net borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
i and you will be better. satisfied; no delay,
no publicity. EASi'ERN LOAN CO., rooms
9 and 10, 906 Market st. '■
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission st., above j
Sixth: telephone South 14. j
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at th» lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry*
Store, 948 Market Et. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 63, 1170 Market. I
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re- j
moval: low raie?; no commission; $25 up; j
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Post St.
ANY amount at ClC 1 ' per cent on real estate, 2d j
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- j
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3. i
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission : private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and umllvtdsd interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st. j
$:.'■> TO $.*■'■.' : lowest rates; Ist and M mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st. j
CHEAPEST an best In America— The Weekly j
Cull. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capita! to Invest. SYT>
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium '■
Salesyards, 220 Valencia st., between Thir- '•
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
mnki* an offer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental Sale Yards,72l Howard.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st. ' ':■ -■'■■. '■■
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie- }
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall. !
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, De- I
partment No. 7— No. 65.6C3.— F. E. HESTHAL. ;
Plaintiff, vs. EMILY GROGAN, Defendant.
Action brought in the Superior Court of the
City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, and the Complaint filed in the j
office of the Clerk of said City and County i
of San Francisco. E. F. PRESTON, Attor- >
ney for Plaintiff. The People of the State of
California send greeting to EMILY GROGAN,
Defendant.
You are hereby directed to appear and
answer the Complaint in an action entitled as
above brought against you in the Superior j
Court of the City and County of San Fran- I
cisco, State of California, within ten days j
after the service on you of this Summons— if '
served within this County; or within thirty !
days if served elsewhere.
And you are hereby notified that unless you j
appear and answer as above required the i
said Plaintiff will take judgment for any I
money or damages demanded In the Com-
plaint, as arising upon contract, or he will
apply to the Court for any other relief de-
manded in the Complaint. .
Given under my hand and the seal of the
Superior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, this 24th day
of September, A. D. ISPS.
[Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
"~~~~ PROPOSALS. ~~
PLANS and Specifications for a School Build-
ing—Office Board of Education, San Fran- !
cisco, October 1, ISPS— In accordance with a
resolution adopted by the Board of Education
of the City and County of San Francisco, 1
September 2S. IS9B, public notice Is hereby
given to architects that competitive plans and
rpeciflcatlcns for the erection of a twelve-
class school building on the northeast corner I
of Twenty-third and Douglass streets. in said !
city and county, will be received according to '
the" general instruct) to architects (copies
Of which can be obtained at the office of ; he
Board), in open session of th* Hoard of Edu- I
cation on Wednesday, October 12, 1858, at 4 j
p. m.. as follows: -
On a lot 18S feet on Douglass street facing
• west, and ' a depth of ' 134 feet 3 Inches on
Twenty-third street facing south.
The architect whose plans and speelflea-. i
tlons are adopted by -the Board will be ap-
pointed architect and superintendent of "the
building at a compensation of five (5) per cent
• of the cost of the structure. ■-.-' . ;
CHARLES W. WELCH, Secretary.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 161
CARPET CLEANING.
WTY^tMm^Carpe^cTßaiOnT^^rks— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth st.: telephone bouth 2^0.:
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S ,' Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, £53-57 T hama St.: tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. C -^et-cleanlng Co., 453
Stevenson St.; tel. . ,uth 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. : tel Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning. Co., 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3c yard: tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126. . . '
ADVANCE Carpet cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND^ bicycles, from $9 up; new
' 1897 high grade $100 bicycles for $29: new
tlrrs, $2; new pedals, $1 25 a pair; repairing.
JOSEPH HOLLE. 20th and Folsom sU.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
I Marriage licenses have been issued an follows:
D. H. Towhsend and Edith L. Schellenßer.23-lf
Clarence R. .Walter and Rosalie Neustater.2B-2C
Arthur Poyser and Elizabeth McCurdy 37-41
Clarence L. Foln and Mamie A. Barnes. . .L'v-21
Lucius C. Meyers and Elizabeth Klrchner..3o-3J
Charles A. Erickson and Brydgye Scully. 24-21
L. M. Boiikoffsky and Grace C. Fortune.... 27-2'
Fred P. Bose and Maude E. Lord ..2S-2I
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES—DEATHd
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- .
son? authorized to have the same published.
;i;g'V: BORN, i
ANDERSON— Cambria. Cal., September 20,
IS9S, to the wife of E. C. Anderson, a daugh-
ter. : ?. s '-,;
BRAUNWARTH— In this city, to the wife of.
Samuel William Braunwarth, a son. -
DONLON— In this city, September 23. 1898, tc
the wife of D. G. Donlon, a daughter.
KAYSER— In this city, September 84. 1898. to
the wife of Richard Kayser, a daughter.
DARLING— In thin city. September 22. IS9B, to
the wife of J. H. Darling, a son.
MARRIED.
BENDER— HAUB— this city, October 1, 1898,
at St. Paul's Lutheran Church, by the Rev.
Paul Branke, H. C. Bender and K. Haub.
DEAN— STEWART— In this city, September 29,
IS9S. by the Rev. Philip Coombe, George Dear
of San Francisco and Nellie Stewart of San
Diego. :',-. : • t : a : -ii . -'
JOHNSEN— In this city, Octobei ,
1, IS9B, by the Rev. C. Hoel, Edward E. John-
sen and Mary Johnson, both of San Fran-
cisco. ■
LORENTZEN— In this city. Septem-
ber 20, 1898, by the Rev. C. Hoel, HJalmar
O. Lorentzen and Agnes O. Brown, both of
San Francisco.
STEEN— October 1, 1898, by th«
Rev. J. A. Schilling, Jacob Wiedemann and
Christlane M. Steen. . -i .::.•.■•.-.
— — ! — —^— ■— —- — — —
DIED.
Andrews. Lewellyn Levy. Simon '
Blau, Julius Lehmhus, Richard
Darling (Infant) Leonard, Margaret ,
Dennery. Fanny ' McClopkey, John H.
Dewey, George. Ord. James L.
Donahue, Agnes Rodifer, 'William R. ■
Ewlng, Maurice D. Schuur, Annie
Ferguson, Alexander Thompson, Joseph
Harrigan. Arthur J. Wyhte. James W. -■
Herrman, Jacob Zeitfuchs, Edward
Jantzen, Caroline
! ANDREWS— In this city, October 2, IS9S,
Lewellyn W.. beloved husband of Katie An-
drews, and father of Irene and Frank L.
Andrews, a native of Ohio, aged 46 years.
fC?"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -tr attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 225 Duncan street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
BLAU— In this city, October 3, - 1898. - Julius
Blau, a native of Germany, aged 39 years.
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remaini
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1203 Mis-
sion street, near Eighth.
DARLING— In this city, September 22, 1898. in-
fant son of J. H. Darling.
DENNERY— In this city, October 3, IMS. Fan-
ny, beloved wife of the late L. L. Dennery,
and mother of Leon Dennery. a native 01.
Beaunne, France, aged 58 years 6 months
and 14 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
! dence of Albert Cerf, 716 Post street. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
DEWEY— In this city, October 2, 1S9;" George,
husband of Kate Dewey, and father ot
James and Willie Dewey. a native of Mon-
treal.. Canada, aged Si year 3. ;; V. '.'.-.;"
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited tc attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his Ime resi-
', dence, 354 San Jose avenue. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DONAHUE— At rea, September 21. 1898, Agnes,
beloved daughter of Annie and the late C. . .1.
Donahue, , and- sister of Maggie Donahue, a
native of' San Francisco, aged 7. years and 1
months." - v*i
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviwti to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery
EWING— In Soquel, September 24. 1898, Mau-
rice D., beloved husband of Carrie Ewlng, a
native of San Joaquln County, Cal., aged 4C
years ana 7 months.
FERGUSON— In the City and County Hospital,'
October 3, ISM. Alexander Ferguson, a native
of Maine, aged 61 years.
HARRIGAN— In this city, October 3, ISPS, at
the family residence. 1122 Broadway, of diph-
theria, Arthur Joseph, beloved son of M. J.
and Mary A. Harrigan. and grandson of Mr.
C. J. Harrlran of Sun Francisco and Mr.
•and Mrs. Gullluame Piladeau of Golden Gate,-
Alameda County, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 years 6 months and 12 days. :
Funeral private.
HERRMAN— In Ocean View, October 3. 1898,
Jacob Herrman, a native of Baden, Germany,
aged 57 \e;ir>= and I months.
(C3*Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains-
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mis-
! sion street, near Eighth.
JANTZEN— In this city, at her residence, i "i
Devisadero street, October 3, IS9S, Caroline
Jantzen, beloved mother of Fred. ' Herman.
Caroline, William, Dora, Bertha. Richard and
George Jantzen and Mrs. Bates, and sister
of Mrs. Mullen, a native of Uremen, Ger-
many, aged' 62 years and 7 months. (Los
Angeles and Philadelphia papers please copy.)
tT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
LEVY— In this city. October 2. I«<>K, Simon, be-
loved husband of the late Rosalie Levy, and
father of Mrs. Nathan. Lauter. Mrs. Leon
Lteber, Mrs. George Walter and Marcus. Ed-
ward. Leopold, Flora and Melalne Levy, a
native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 67 years
1 month and 7 days.
' (^Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2104 Post street.. Interment Home
of Peac» Cemetery. by 11:80 o'clock train from
' Third and Townsend streets. .
LEHMHUS— In this city. October 1. IS9B. Rich-
ard, beloved husband of Amalla Lehmhus. a
native of Meklenburg. Germany, aged 58
year* 11 months and 8 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Druid.-*' Hall,
413 Sutter street,- where the funeral service*
• will be held under the auspices of San Fran- "
Cisco Lodge No. l, Od. H. S. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery- .
LEONARD— In Berkeley. October 2, 199?, . Mar-
garet Leonard, beloved mother of James and
Letitia Leonard. Mrs. R. T. Kennedy and
■ Mrs. M. J. Dunn, a native of Quebec. Canada,
aged 74 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner Blake and Dana streets, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mas* will be celebrated lor the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Pt. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
McCLOSKEY— In Oakland, October 3. 1898.
John Henry, beloved husband of Elizabeth
McCloskey, and father of Mrs. A. H. Barn-
hisel; Mrs. Lela Morley, • Mandevllle, De-
tain and Florence McCloskey. a native of
Dublin,. Ireland, aged 62 years 5 months an*
IS days. '
ORD— In Hagerstown, Md.. October 3. }S9B, Dr.
James L. Ord, aged To years. • ■ -
RODIFER— In this city. October 3, 1898, Wil-
■ liam Robert Lewis, beloved son of Robert E. J
and Elena E. Rodlfer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced'9 months . and 16 days.
SCHUUR— In this city, October 2. 1898. Annie,
beloved wife of William J. Schuur. mother of
Mary. William L. and John H. Schuur. and
! slstar of Kate Wlseley, a native of County
Leitrlm. Ireland, ar>d 44 years and 24 days. ■.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ,
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the puv
lors of Carew ■& English. 41 Van Ness ave-
nue thonce to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose *•. of her * soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery;
THOMPSON— In this city. October 3. IS9S, Jo-
seph P. Thompson, aged 75 years.
WHYTE— In Fruit October 3,' 1898, James
TV Whyte. a native of Dumfarllng, Scotland.'.
, aged 61 years 6 months and 3 .leys.
ZEITFUCHS— this city, October 2, 189$, Ed-
ward. beloved brother of Emil and Ulbrich \
7.eit:uchs. .1 native of Germany, aged 60 _
years 3 months and 8 days. ", . ■;'
ir?" Friends and acquaintances and members
of Pae'.rtc Stiimra No. 78, W. O. K. M., are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
the residence of Mrs. Philip «tec.;er, 317 Min-
na street, and thence to Teutonla Hall.- 1322
Howard street, where .the funeral services
will be held under, the auspices of Gesell-'
Khaft Teutonln at*2 o'clock. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. - . . .
. . . -
iJMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. \\\
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & KMHAL,iIER3 I .
>; ,- £0 WITH ST., opp. Llaeola Badwi. .
". ■■■ • ■ Telephone. South 80. ■ I '■
■ ;." "" "" ■■■ ■■ :,.:■' -.-. ' . ".'
1112
BELIEVE HE
WAS FOULLY
DEALT WITH
Suspicion That Gustave Berlin
Did Not Take His Own
Life.
His Friends Thinking He Was Murdered
Have Asked the Police to Make a
Thorough Investigation.
The friends of Gustave Berlin, whose
lifeless body was found hanging in a
room at 118 Eleventh street at an early
hour yesterday morning-, do not believe
that he committed suicide. So convinced
are they that he was the victim of foul
play that they yesterday afternoon vis
ited police headquarters and asked Cap
tain Bohen to make an investigation.
Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday morr
ing the landlady of the house where the
unfortunate man lived heard a peculiar
noise and started to investigate.
On entering Berlin's room she was hor
rified to find him in a half-kneeling pos
ture with a rope around his neck. He
■was beyond all human aid, haring been
strangled to death. The fatal rope was
attached to a hook in a closet in the room
and the other end fastened around his
neck. The astonished landlady lost no
time in notifying the police and word was
at once sent to the Coroner. Thinking it
was a case of suicide the Coroner's depu
ties, after a cursory examination, remov
ed the body to the Morgue.
Berlin arrived here from Alaska on Sep
tember 11. He had over $500 in his posses
sion, which represented the amount he
had earned in the gold fields. Shortly af
ter his return to this city he visited Han
ria Nes, a Swedish woman, who lives at
1604 Mission street. Her brother had ac
companied him to Alaska find as he was
leaving him Nes begged him to see his
sister and explain to her that he was do
ing as well as could be expected. Berlin,
anxious to show his appreciation for his
companion's sister, bought her several
presents.
The last time she saw him alive was
about a week ago. He seemed happy
CONFESSION OF A. C.
WIDBER ADMITTED
JUBY HEARS THE ST^RY OF DE-
FALCATION.
Mayor Phelan Makes Further State
ments and the Defense En
deavors to Prove That He
Is Interested.
The jury sitting for the purpose of de
termining whether or not Augustus C.
Widber shall wear the felon's stripes in
punishment for his crime of stealing
$117,000 from the vaults of the city treas
ury listened to the confession of the pris
oner, as read from the notes of Stenogra
pher D. C. Murphy yesterday. During
the reading of the confession it devel
oped that Mayor Phelan also made p. con
fession which Is contained in his ques
tions to the accused, which elicited his
statements of guilt. Mayor Phelan stated
that he, as well as the Auditor and Judge
Uahrs, felt responsible in a degree for
the city's loss, and wanted \S idber to
make a statement regarding the pecula
. On March 25 the trio counted the
money and thought it was correct. Most
of the money was "hefted," not counted,
and Widber informed them that when
they believed the money to be correct on
March 25 they were laboring under a de
lusion. Assistant Treasurer de la Mon
tanya was similarly afflicted when he re
ported that on December 27 he found
the cash account correct.
Following his statement that on the
two dates mentioned the funds of the
treasury were short, "Widber stated that
he alone was guilty, and begged that no
one else be accused of the crime. On be
ing asked by Chief Lees what disposition
had been made of the money the default
,er answered that he had invested it In
various speculations, and had purchased
a string of race horses and blocks of min
ing stock.
Murphy left the stand and Mayor Phe
lan was again called. He stated that
Wldber had admitted to him on the day
following his arrest that he had appro
priated the missing funds. He explained
to the Mayor that he had withdrawn gold
from sacks received from the Mint and
'refilled them with silver. The attorneys
for the defense then endeavored to prove
that the Mayor was personally interested
In the prosecution of Widber in order
that his own responsibility in the matter
might not be made an issue in the
case. With this end in view letters
were introduced written by the man
ager of the Maryland Surety Company
demanding that suit be instituted against
the Mayor and all whose neglect was re
sponsible for the big shortage. It also de
:veloped that Mayor Phelan had become
aware of the fact that criminal action
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EGZEMMAR
Itching So Severe Could Not Keep
From Scratching. Physician's
Remedies No Benefit. Cured
By Half Box Cuticura.
At the time that I sent for your book, I was
suffering from Eczema on the right ear. I
could hardly keep my hands off the afflicted
surface, the itching was so severe. Every time
I would touch my ear small bubbles would
open emitting a watery-like substance, ap-
parently poisonous, as when it was commun-
icated to other parts of the body it would
produce the same Irritation. One of the lead-
ing doctors here treated mo for a while and
applied the usual physician's remedies with-
out benefit. My brother was using Cuticura
at the time and recommended thaf I try it. »
bough t a box of Cuticuba (ointment) and haJ
the satisfaction of seeing immediate progress.
The first application teas toothing, and be-
fore the box was gone the disease had dis-
appeared, and I am pleased to say that there
has never been any recurrence of the trouble.
H. C. BARNET, 614 Race St., Cinn., O.
Feb. 2, 1898.
WORKS WONDERS **
I wish to adviso you of ray appreciation of
Cuticuba Soap, and the marvellous benefits
I have derived by its uso. Before using Ctrn-
cniu. Soap, my face and hands were just as
rough as they could be, and my face was all
covered with pimples, I was unfit to look at,
but after using Cuticura Soap three weeks .
my face was equal to velvet.
Feb. 6, 1898. PAUL DUPKE, Chalcr, La.
ErzEDT Ccr.« T en atm* wt row Ensr Kixsor Blood
AKD Snx HciiOßJ— Warm tratlu with Cxmcvnx Boat,
gentle anointing* with Cuticcb*. pur<tt of emollient
kin cure*, and mild dOMI of COTICCRA RIkOLTIBT, -
greatest of blood pnrln'en and humor caret.
Bold thronirhont the world. FOTTIB DSCO Chim.
Sole Prop*., of ton. "flow to Core £cinu,"6ii.
and contented, and spoke of returning to
Alaska.
"I do not believe he committed suicide,
declared the woman last night. "Ho was
always jovial, and in my opinion he was
the last man In the world who would kill
himself. Before he went to Alaska he
wanted to make me his wife, but I re
fused. On his return he did not attempt
to renew his offer, knowing that I would
not marry him. It is true he bought me
a few presents, but he understood that
they were to promote friendship more
than love. Through the death of a rela
tive he was left $SOOO, which is on deposit
in a bank in Sweden. Pie could have had
the money at any time, but as he had suf
ficient on which to live he did not want
to touch the amount which had been left
him.
"It seem strange, to say the least, that
when his lifeless body was discovered
only a very few dollars were found in his
pockets.
"He was not a drinking man and not
given to spending his money recklessly.
The detectives are at work on the case,
and I fully believe that they will gather
sufficient evidence to show that ne did not
die by his own hand."
The landlady of the house where Ber
lin's body was found says that shortly be
fore he went to his room she saw a
woman with him. They were standing a
short distance from the house and seemed
engaged in earnest conversation. Sudden
ly the woman screamed and ran up the
street followed by Berlin. He overtook
her, and after calling her several vile
names struck her, knocking her down.
Evidently fearing arrest he quickly en
tered the house and went to his room.
About four hours later she heard a pecu
liar noise, and suspecting something
wrong, went to his room to find his life
less body dangling from a rope. The de
tectives have been looking for the woman
with whom he had trouble, but up to a
late hour last night they had not suc
ceeded in finding her.
might be commenced against him. A con
versation between the Mayor and one of
the company's attorneys, which occurred
in the I'alace Hotel after Widber*a ar
rest, concluded with an intimation on the
part of the attorney that criminal pro
ceedings might be instituted.
Louis Jacobs and De la Montanya were
recalled t<> give further testimony re
garding the missing funds. It is thought
that the prosecution will close its case
to-day.
WOBTHLESS BONDS.
Judge Mogan Issues a Bench War
rant for the Arrrsst of
Henry Beacom.
Henry Beacom, who is accused of aid-
Ing and abetting Mrs. Margaret Shields
to set fire to her house on Virginia aye
CANADA PLANS ANOTHER GRAB.
Mayor Stanley of Skaguay Tells an Interesting Story
Conditions in the North.
John Stanley, the famous Mayor of Skaguay, who was put into office
a few months ago when the nortorlous "Soapy" Smith gang was ousted
and driven from the city, arrived In this city yesterday and brings much
Interesting news regarding the gold regions.
Mr. Stanley is inclined to laugh at Major Walsh's statement that the
American Government will cede the cities of Skaguay and Dyea to the Can
adian Government. He says that Skaguay Is the coming city of the far
north. Work is progressing rapidly on the new railroad which already
runs to White Pass City, a distance of about sixteen miles. While the
Canadian Government owns the land in which the richest claims are lo
cated, it does not own any city of size and its revenues suffer accordingly.
Major Walsh has occupied the position of gold commissioner for some
time and has made a careful study of the situation. He saw that the rail
road would be tho making of Skaguay, as it would be the natural port of
embarkation and debarkation, and he wants his Government to own it and
reap the rich results of the tide of troffie if it can be procured by hook or
crook. Ho left Skaguay for Ottawa last month, and in conversation with
Mayor Stanley told him that he would lay the whole matter before his Gov
ernment.
"I do not think the United States Government will be foolish enough to
make any such cession," said Mr. Lynch, "for if It does it will be simply
giving away sources of golden revenue. The Canadian Government has
absolutely nothing on which to base such demands, but it wants the cit
ies and will grasp at any excuse to press claims as a drowning man
cluthches a straw."
In speaking of the mining- prospects he said: "I think the best terri
tory is in and around Atlin. This district is about S5 miles from Skaguay
and you can make it in two days by the winter trail. It is a beautiful
rolling country and all the creeks are rich in gold. Added to this the
climate is agreeable. The nights are cool, but there has not been a sign
of frost yet and I think a clatm could be worked the year round. Many
of the claims are paying from $200 to $250 per day and I have a two-pound
nugget which was taken out of one of them. The gold is much finer than
that found around Dawson. Skaguay is the coming city of the north.
It now has about 3500 inhabitants, all a good class of people. My mission
here is to procure fire hydrants, hose and hosecarts, and I will also bring
up a number of men to work on the railroad. We have about 800 men
working now and intend to work all winter."
Mayor Stanley was asked about the charges alleged to have been
made against Collector of Customs J. W. Ivey of Alaska, but he does
not know much about the matter, although he says a warrant has been
sworn out for Ivey's arrest. There haß been a great deal of smuggling
going on and the Federal officers have found it almost impossible to
break it up. Collector Ivey accused many prominent men In Alaska of
being connected with it and they deny his charges and will sue him for
criminal libel. The parties charged are Judge C. S. Johnson, District At
torney B. E. Bennett and ex-Collc-tor of Customs James A. O'Connell.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1898.
TROPHY FROJW GHVITE.
Spanish Coat of Jlrms That Adorned the
Jlpsenal.
THE Bohemian Club is In possession of the finest trophy of the war that has
come to San Francisco. Yesterday Major James A. Thompson found upon
opening the letters addressed to him as president of the Institution one
which reads as follows:
TJ. S. 8. OLTMPIA. August 30. 1898.
Sir: I have no ancestral hall in which to hang trophies of the flght. Do you think the
club would like to have the one enclosed? I knocked it off the arsenal at Cavite a few
days after May 1, IS9B. If the club does not care for it kindly let me know, and I will
dispose of it in some other fashion.
RICHARD LEAL. Seaman, U. S. S. Olympla.
The President. Bohemian Club, San Francisco.
The box accompanying the letter was opened at once and the souvenir
brought to light. The trophy consists of the Spanish coat of arms on a shield
of carved wood and stucco. The colors are slightly dimmed by exposure to the
weather, as the piece had been used as an exterior ornament. The dimen
sions of the trophy are 26x18 inches. The arms of Aragon and Castile, the
standards, the lions, Neptune's trident.bayonet, cannon and anchor, are placed
artistically on the shield as the illustration shows.
Formal acknowledgment of the valuable souvenir will be made in due time
by the owl.
nue, was released on $3000 bonds accepted
by Judge Trout Saturday.
Yesterday morning Inspector Newman
reported to Judge Mogan, to whose court
the cases were assigned, that in his opin
ion the bonds were worthless. The sure
ties were Miss Mary Meugge of 290 Mis
sion road and Attorney Walter Gallagher.
Newman reported that in both instances
the properties on which the sureties quali
fied were mortgaged up to the limit.
Judge Mogan at once sent for Fire Mar
shal Towe. and at the request of the Fire
Marshal issued a bench warrant for Bea
com's arrest, and increased his bonds to
$6000. The warrant was handed to Detec
tive Fitzgerald of the Mission district,
and he was instructed to use every effort
to arrest Beacom.
Mrs. Shields is still confined in the in
sane ward in the Receiving Hospital, but
her friends expect to get her released on
bonds this morning.
Professor Le Conte's Lecture.
A lar^re number attended the lecture de
livered by Professor Joseph Le Conte of
the University of California at the
Academy of Sciences last evening. Its
title was "Origin of Transverse Mountain
Valleys and Some of the Glacial Phe
nomena Found in the Valleys of the Sierra
Nevada Mountains." The professor ex
plained a great many of his deductions re
garding the formation of the neighboring
Sierras, and stated that the various
changes which now form the permanent
condition and structure of the mountains
have occurred in a comparatively recent
era. The talk from beginning to end was
very interesting and instructive.
ACCIDENTALLY
KILLED WHILE
HUNTING DUCKS
William Imsick Shot
Through the Heart.
FOUND AT SAN MATEO SLOUGH
ATTEMPTED TO CLIMB A FENCE
WITH A LOADED GUN.
The Dead Man Leaves a "Widow and
Two Children'— Will Be Buried
by Independent Order
of Red Men.
The body of William Imsick of 1321
Broadway was found yesterday morning
lying near a fence on the Masterson
ranch, near San Mateo. Imsick left this
city yesterday morning on one of his fre
quent duck hunting expeditions, and he
was evidently killed by the accidental dis
charge of his shotgun as he was crossing
the fence near which his body was found.
There was nothing on the body by which
It could be Identified except an emblem
of the lodge to which he belonged. Vor
waerts Stamm No. 255, I. O. R. M., and the
secretary of that body in this city was
immediately communicated with and
Identification was established. The body
was removed to San Mateo and taken in
charge by the Coroner there.
Imsick stood high among the Red Men.
He has been their treasurer for thirteen
terms and was also very popular with the
German colony in San Francisco. He has
been employed for eight years past by
Jacob Clauss of the Grand Western Mar
ket, and was on his annual vacation at
the time of his death.
He was a native of Westphalia, aged 33
years, and leaves a wife and two chil
dren. The body will be brought to this
city to-day and will be buried under the
auspices of the Red Men.
MOSES AND ISAIAH
ARE RECONCILED
TOUCHED ELBOWS IN PUBLIC AT
THE BALDWIN CAFE.
Gunst Believes That Our Policemen
Are the Best, and Our detec
tives the Worst, in
the World.
Our only Moses Gunst of the Police
Commission Is happy in a degree, but
not supremely happy. His observations
abroad convinced him that our police
force is the finest In the world. Yet fur
ther observation along the line of police
administration convinced him that our
detectives are the worst in existence. In
a burst of confidence he imparted to a
friend his mental conclusions on these
two points. In San Francisco many peo
ple may not agree with Moses on his first
proposition, but few will dissent from the
correctness of his views on the second
count.
Moses has been home a week and two
days. During all this time Chief Lees
has bc-en in San Francisco. The town
is large enough for both. The day after
the arrival of Moses the Commissioner
and the Chief met under one roof— the
roof of the old Baldwin Hotel. The next
day one room was large enough to hold
both of them. The march of peace and
tranquillity was so rapid that one even
ing later Muses and Jaaiah touched el
bows in the cafe. The scene was so
touching that the bystanders at the Bald
win began talking of the prospects of
complete reconciliation, and were still
talking on the same topic yesterday.
This dawn of harmony will be wel
comed by Commissioners Tobin and Al
vord, who were once apprehensive that
their brother Commissioner might get
excited beyond the limits of human en
durance in his efforts to restrain the
usurpations of the Chief. What this
"make-up" portends can only be conjec
tured. If the detective force is to have
a real "shake-up" the people will re
joice.
Estates in Probate.
The will of Eugene Kochendorfer was
filed for probate yesterday. The entire
estate of the deceased is bequeathed to
Sophie Kochenderfer, mother of the tes
tator.
The will of Bridget McDevitt, who died
on the 11th ult., beaueaths an estate
valued at $1000 to Thomas Meehan. a
brother, and Annie Conroy, a sister of the
testatrix.
Elizabeth Vorrath has applied for let
ters of administration upon the $20,000
estate of Henry Vorrath , who died on the
26th ult.
Emllle Strouse, widow of Mark Strouse,
who died on the 30th ult., has been grant
ed special letters of administration upon
the estate of the deceased. The bond of
the administratrix was fixed at $5000.
For Alameda Bankrupts.
The First National Bank of Oakland has
been designated as the depository for the
assets of bankrupt estates pending settle
ment la the United States District Court.
NEAD TELLS
THE STORY
OP HIS LIFE
Still Stoutly Maintains
His Innocence.
PLAUSIBLY EXPLAINS ALL
NOTORIOUS "BILLY" NEAD, HE
SAYS, IS ITIS BROTHER.
Police Reiterate That the Couple Are
Impostors and Are Guilty of -^-.
the Crimes Charged'
to Them.
Sinned against or sinning? Are J. M.
Nead and his pallid-faced little wife what
thry pretend to be, or are they the vile
creatures the police and a few denizens
of the tenderloin would stamp them?
If their statements are true— and cer
tainly they bear every impress of truth
no greater injustice was ever heaped
upon two guiltless persona. If they are
guilty of the offenses against society
they are charged with, no more consum
mate actors ever appeared In the role of
injured innocence.
There are some things that seem to
bear out their assertions. In the first
place the woman, although convicted, is
at liberty on her own recognizance, sen
tence having been suspended for thirty
days, whije the man is out on $250 cash
ball. Were they guilty their natural im
pulse would be to escape, for to such
people the bail would be of secondary
consideration. Instead, they have re
turned to their rooms at 125 Turk street,
never denying themselves to visitors and
giving no thought to flight. Fear of im
prisonment does not concern them; on
the contrary, all their energies are bent
toward clearing their name of the ter
rible stain upon it.
Seated in the front room of the base
ment at 125 Turk street, which is at once
their parlor and sleeping room, a Call
reporter yesterday afternoon listened to
the life-story of the Neads, and the hus
band told It, and read iPtujrn rrom min
isters of the gospel at the East and on
Puget Sound addressed to Nead and
couched in terms such as only men of
the cloth would use in addressing one of
their number. Lying in the bed, her
features white and drawn with suffering,
but withal clear-cut and refined and illu
minated with big, fearless blue eyes, lay
Mrs. Nead, attended by one of the ladies
who occupy the upper part of the house,
for she was very ill, and the doctor's
coming was anxiously awaited.
It was a simple story, simply told, al
though once or twice the man, not robust
physically and by no means a giant intel
lectually.gave way to his emotions and the
tears coursed down his cheeks despite
his apparent efforts to hide them, while
the little frame on the bed shook with
sobs. Particularly was this the case
when Nead spoke of his brother, whom
he asserted was the "Billy" Nead a
dispatch in yesterday's Call from Sioux
City referred to.
"I am a licensed exhorter of the
gospel," said Nead, "and have devoted
much of my time to mission work in
Sioux City and throughout that section of
,the country. My wife's father was a mail
carrier there before his death and one of
her uncles is a preacher. My wife was a
telephone operator prior to our marriage,
and there are hundreds in Sioux City who
know her and her family intimately.
While I was in Sioux City 1 was engaged
in business, having two stores and send
ing vfagons out through the country. I
did an extensive credit business and final
ly became deeply involved. One of my
Eastern creditors sent In a printed slip
containing a number of questions as to
my liabilities. At the bottom was the
question, 'Have you any confidential
debts?' There were some old notes out
standing which my first wife agreed,
when wa were divorced, to take up out of
the property I turned over to her. I was
afterward assured this had been done,
consequently I wrote 'No' after that ques
tion. My former wife, however, had not
met the notes, and when I was forced to
nssign the Eastern house caused it»v ar
rest for attempting to defraud ny ed
itors. I was honorably acquitted - the
charge, and early in the present year I
went to Seattle. My health was very bad
there, and I wrote to Rev. G. W. L.
Brown, pastor of the First M. E. Church
of Sioux Falls, what he thought about my
returning there and devoting my time to
mission work. Rev. Mr. Brown and I are
old friends and have been much together
in church work. Here is his reply?'
Nead produced a letter written on a
letterhead of the First M. E. Church of
Bioux City, and signed by Rev Mr. Brown.
It was most friendly in tone and spoke of
their long friendship. It frankly advised
him against his proposed step because of
the prejudice that might exist were he to
enter upon churcn work there.
Other letters were also shown, among
them being one from Rev. A. Warren of
Blame, Wash.; Rev. S. Fletcher McGuire,
Wessington, S .Dak., and Pierce Ratliff,
president of the Sioux City Rescue Home.
All of these wrote on the friendliest terms
and spoke of Nead's labors In the Chris
tian field.
"Mr. Warren wanted me to go to Blame
and found a mission," continued Nead,
"but we decided to come to San Fran
cisco. Since w,e have been here we have
not attended any regular church, pre
ferring to go to different places of wor
ship for the time. We have not formed
the acquaintance of ' ministers here -be
cause I did not care to until I was ready
to found my mission.- I thought it better
not to make myself known as long as I
was in the cigar and confectionery busi
ness."
Asked about the Sioux City dispatch in
yesterday's Call Nead burst into tears,
and, when he had collected himself, said
the "Billy" Nead referred to was his
brother, whose career he had been funy
aware of for fifteen years.
This and much more did Nead state. He
told about renting one of the rooms on
the floor occupied by him to a woman,
and said he had been obliged to ask her to
vacate it because on two occasions there
had been such a disturbance there late at
night. It may have been fhat she was a
dissolute character, and the police, seeing
her enter the place, had formed a similar
opinion of his wife. Nead was charitable
to the officers, and It is certain that not
once during the interview did he by word
or action convey the impression that he
was other than he seemed to be.
During the forenoon Nead appeared In
Judge Conlan's court ana pleaded not
guilty to the charge of vagrancy. His at
torneys demanded a jury trial, and the
case went over until next Monday, the
defendant being released on $250 cash
bail. In Judge Low's court Attorney Bell
asked that the case of Mrs. Nead be re
opened, and the Judge promised U> com
ply with the request upon fhe filing of the
customary affidavit setting forth that new
evidence had been discovered.
Last night The Call received a dispatch
from Sioux City stating that Rev. G. W
L. Brown had been transferred to another
part of the State, consequently no state
ment could be obtained from him.
Wants His Presents Back.
John L. Duprey, who fell a victim to
the Bain Matrimonial Agency, filed suit
against Gracd Allison, "the dashing
widow," and W. Bain yesterday, to re
cover a few articles he presented Grace
as tokens of his esteem. The tokens in
cluded an upright piano, stool and cover
one solitaire diamond ring and a canary
colored diamond, a pin shaped like a frog
set with diamonds and having ollvine
eyes, all valued / at $1100.
The Stamp Tax.
Collector Lynch was advised yesterday
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
that special taxpayers must post con
spicuously in their places of business the
stamps indicating payment of the special
tax. Also that Coronado and other sea
salts put up in packages for the bath must
be stamped as proprietary articles.
Lurlino Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Bwimmlnr, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt water direct from ooeaa.
. , ADVERTISEMENTS. _  . .
®©®®®®®®O®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
| LATEST NOVELTIES •
1 In Capes, Jackets and Dress Skirts I
®r 7 ®
® THE HANDSOMEST AND MOST TASTEFUL PRO-
® DUCTIONS DISPLAYED THUS FAR THIS SEASON of @
@ Capes, Jackets and Suits, made of the choicest mate- <g
0 rials, In the very latest styles, and at the lowest pos- @
® sible price. Witness the below quotations : ®
® — J±t $2.50. M |
«J LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, handsomely braided and beaded storm collars,
® edged with black Thibet fur, regular price $4, will be placed on Bale O)
0 . at $2 50 each. • ®
© -A-t &<4:.CD<O>. • ®
r LADIES' PLUSH CAPES. lined with fancy Italian cloth, handsomely
W braided collar, fronts and around bottom edged with black Thibet fur; re^- *»
0 ular price $6 50; will be placed on sale at $4 each. ®
® At &&.CDC2. ®
® LADIES' TAN. COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with cloth, ®
0 regular price $6 80, will be placed on sale at $5 each. "@
® J±t $7.50. ®
® LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with fancy ©
0 silk, regular price 510, will be placed on sale at $7 50 each.
® LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS. I
® -A.t 95 ; Cents. . %
® LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined with perca- w
-". line and bound velvet, regular price $1 25, will be placed on sale at 95c ®
® each.  rtl
® . • -A.t $1.50. X
® LADIEb' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined and bound, v
® regular price $2, will be placed on sale at $1 50 each. ®
® -A.t $4.50. :. ®
® LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, double lined ! and ®
0 bound with velvet, regular price $6 50, will be placed on sale at $4 50 each. ®
® LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS. |
® ■ ®
© -A-t SO , Oen.ts. ®
/^ LADIES' BLACK SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce, . with ruffle, &
w regular price $1, will be placed on sale at 50c each. . , ~
0 '■ • ; ®
® LADIES' WRAPPERS. ®
® At r 7^ Cents. ®
® LADIES' FLANNELETTE "WRAPPERS, made with shoulder capes, ®
0 trimmed with braid, regular price $1 50, will be placed on sale at 75c each. ®
% SPECIAL! %
% COLORED DRESS DEPARTMENT. |
® , At 4O Cents. .. ®
® JUST RECEIVED— pieces 26-inch ALL WOOL ENGLISH -MOREENS, in *r
0"; scarlet, navy, garnet, blue, green, cerise and cream, will be offered, at ®
pr 40c a yard. : ; ®
® LADIES' WAISTS AND FLANNEL ®
| NIGHTGOWNS. ®
® -A-t 25 Cents. . ®
® LADIES' PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, blouse front, . yoke ®
® back, in stripes and checks, regular price 75c, will be placed on sale at ©
25c
® " ' At 25 Cents. . ®
® LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL GOWNS, yoke back and front, full length. w
® - regular price 75c, will be placed on sale at 25c. ■:__;'■' ®
® - ®
to ®
llf I M Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / %
®\& *** San Francisco^ § ®
® ®
® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ® ®
j^^^^^v >^^^^^^V OPOO'OOOOOOOOOffOOOQ
BMaMaaPl^ l w^^f ll 'J i f »ii ¥o3 ° *'" * JAiL/Ak*S2 '" o
5^^MT « SA/H PftAHCISCO. 3
.*.-•■.. '■ ■* Connected by a covered passage J
1A QnH 1R O 140 ° Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. °
1" CA.I IVI l\J j O All Under One Management. O
! O NOTE THE PRICES: O
Kearnv Street ift European Plan. ft .oo per day »n« upn»«ra A
KfiSmV otrfiGt O American Plan.ii.oo per 4«y and «w«O
AXV/C4.1 UJ VJ^l \S\SK.} q Correspondence Solicited. A
ry . Ann xt ft JOHN 0. KIBKPATRICK. KkßMer. X
Formerly 427 Kearny. j ggooo ooooo o Qooco o Q o o o oqqS
NO PAINI NO PAIN!
J^fe »— r to«K * ■■*" MAKE PERFECT MEN
&&a * GUARANTEED. DO SOT DEBPAIB I DonotSuf-
5998 <i TEETH WITHOUT j&?fB&£^» f«r Longer! The joy» and ambitions of
WU -^ m PLATES A SPECIALTT " MJ^L life can be re? torea to you. The very
mS jSSkOSI A SPECIALTY. £*j 1 worst cases of Xervoui liability ari
•SB' *»Sr* ¥SM Full Set of Teeth, ex- WH ~9fW9 abTolutelT cured by PJEKFECTO
Ta ( VI tractlng free. .94.50 up | (6i( 6i TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
Vi JOHStta" Gold rmwn, ?9V **iUv "^BM»«iunia. failing memory and the wasta
"/J*L vgWMJHL 11 crowns, ZZK....J... t^VKaSfe^ and drain or Tltal powers, incurred by
//y^MSaBBK^. ' »«*•»« up | *[la©*S2^ indiscretions or excesses of early years.
rXAU V^WWi** 1 'v^.. Fillings Wo up \**"w"~ impart vigor and potency to ereryfunc-
SESn^S. --^^^^k. vs£ ' : tion. Brace op the system. Give .^Bik. bloom to ths
"■■mm, \lilLl ELECTRO-DENTAL ! cheeks and lustre to < th eyes of £TBH ounif or ° rd -
tfffi«Vs. vSKkj ! sgj^ At txttti One 50c box renews vital energT.fJlfjft boxes at
IKiA N<arMlH LLIiNIL, i ?i.6oacompletecruar«.nteedcurevjTJ<yor money re-
VM^K: VW} wf (Pi* „,  _ _, . _ ., ' funded. Can be carried in vest ~*mv pocket. Sola
We?*S--V^^*|». ?. £r- fault* 7. Flood Building, , everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
809 MARKET ST. j price by THE FERFECTO CO., Caxtaa Bldf., Chleaco, 111.
Office Hra.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun., 9 to 2 p.m. ! Sold by Owl Drug Co.. San Fran, and Oakland.
I am acquainted with the case of the wife of a House jwfnter It
Brooklyn, who had the grip, and was confined to the house for thre«
months. She was in a listless state and suffered terribly with nausea* ... ;
It so happened that a friend had given some Ripans Tabules to this
lady's sister who had suffered from indigestion, and as they did her so .
much good she thought she would ■ fry them on Mrs. Hill, feeling sure
{hat if they did her no good they would at least do no harm. The
patient was then in the hands of her physician, but soon she was so
• much better that her neighbors noticed the change and asked about
"it. -She then said that she had changed her doctor, and laughingly
added, my new doctor is colored— chocolate color. It seems that as
soon as she began to take the Tabules, she began to mend. The >
nausea disappeared and she began to feel that the futon still had
days of suDsbiae ia tfore for htc