VOLUME LXXXin.-XO. 110.
SPAIN'S BOASTED NAVY
MADE UP OF SHIPS THAT
ARE WORTHLESS IN WAR
She Could Send No Fleet That Could Stand for a
Moment Against the Strong Fighting
Machines of the United States.
BOSTON, Mass., March 19.— A
naval officer of high, rank to-day re
ceived the following important dis
closures of the fatal and heretofore
unknown weaknesses of nearly all of
Spain's warships, written by the un
compromising Spanish writer, Don |
R. Guerrero. The battleship Pelayo j
is one of the best of its class. Its i
artillery can pierce the strongest ar
mors, but it has one great defeat. Its
capacity for coal does not allow it to
teaks cm enough for" k trfp rof over
3000 miles. Going to Cuba, the Pe
layo must either stop at some foreign ]
port to renew its coal supply or car
ry along with her another ship with
a cargo of coal.
. . The cruisers Almirante Oquendo,
1 1 Infanta Maria Teresa and Vizcaya
are not entirely protected. The j
cruiser Alfonso XIII is absolutely j
unprotected. Its hull can be perfor- j
ated by guns of small caliber and i
it is therefore useless .against, battle- j
ships in a naval contest. The cruisers !
Alfonso XII and Reina Cristina are I
also unprotected. They can make
thirteen miles an hour but not over i
4000 miles without renewing their
coal supplies.
The cruisers Conde de Venadito, i
Marques de la Ensanada, Isla de Lv- i
zon, Infanta Isabel, Don Juan de
Austria and Don Antonio de TJlloa,
are absolutely unprotected and make
only from 13 to 14 miles an hour.
None of them would be of service in
case of a naval battle. They would
be serviceable only in minor capaci
ties, because they must keep away
from the enemy's strong armored and
modern warships; and on account of
their slowness they cannot be em- '<
ployed as cruisers between better }
ships of a navy or from a navy to a
Spanish port.
The torpedo boats Galicia, Marquis
de Molins, Martin Alonzo Pinzon,
Vincente Yanez Pinzon and Neuva
Espana are of eighteen knots' speed
and have other good qualities, but j
are available only when it is possi
ble to surprise a battleship or
cruiser. .. [
The other warships now in Cuban
waters are mostly small gunboats i
and are useless la naval warfare. It !
is difficult to say whether the battle- j
ship Carlos V is worth anything, |
but she was built by the ship build- i
ing firm of Vega Murguia of Cadiz, I
which constructed the gunboat Fili- j
pinas, now officially declared to be j
worthless.
The torpedo gunboats Marques d* \
la Victoria, Dona Maria de Molina i
and Don Alvaro de Bazan were built
by the house of Gilotero 'of Ferrol,
which constructed the gunboats Per
la, Bubi and Diamante, now declared
to be deficient, and also the torpedo ,
gunboats Galicia, Neuva Espana, the
Molins and the Pinzon which, ac- !
cording to contract, ought to have a !
speed of twenty knots, though they j
show only eighteen. We say noth- 1
ing about other warships in Spain's '
naval list, because it is a well known : t
fact that they are of no use what- '
ever. 1
MONITOR PURITAN
READY FOR SERVICE.
With Other Craft of Her Class She
Will Be Probably Sent to Join
Admiral Sicard's Fleet.
WASHINGTON, March 19.—Commo
dore Farquhar, formerly chief of the
Bureau of uards and Docks of the
Navy Department, and now in com
mand of the Norfolk navy-yard, was
in conference with the naval officials
to-day. He reported that the finish
ing touches have been put on the mon
itor Puritan and that she is in fine ;
GENERAL VIEW OF JUAN BAUTISTA, PORTO RICO.
MR. ROOSEVELT DEALS A BLOW
TO THE NEW YORK YELLOW JOURNAL
NEW YORK, March 19.— Assistant Secretary Roosevelt dealt a hard
blow to yellow journalism to-day, says the Herald's Washington cor
respondent. One of the papers of this type has been publishing: with
some frequency since the commencement of the emergency prepara
tions by the Navy Department alleged authorized interviews with this
and the other officials, the majority of which they have not cared to
dignify by denial. Mr. Roosevelt was credited with making a number
of astounding statements this morning,, including pr^ ho for the paper
quoting him, and he at once denied that he had made remarks of the
character attributed to him.
The correspondent of the Journal here, learning of the action of
the Assistant Secretary, -wrote him, asking that he make no denial of
the story. This is Mr. Roosevelt's reply:
"I do not contemplate denying the story. I have already
denied It in the most unequivocal terms. The statement in
to-day's Journal was an absolute falsehood. I told your
reporter not once, but a£ain and again, as he was persist
ent, that I would not give him an interview of any kind. His
conduct was infamous, and you yourselves should have
known that no such interview as that could possibly have
come from me if for no other reason than that I have never
given a certificate of character to the Journal. In your
final paragraph you say that you trust you will not have to
change your opinion of me. I can imagine nothing which
would be of less consequence to me."
condition for service. It is expected
i that Ihe Puritan will leave soon for
i Port Royal, S. C, at which place it has
i been reported the Navy Department
will locate a fleet of torpedo-boats
: which may be called on for assistance
■ either by the .fleet at Hampton Roads
; or that at Key West, should necessity
, arise. The monitors which it has
been said will compose the fleet include
l the Amphitrite, Terror, Miaontonomah
! and Puritan.
•» •.
I DIVERS MAKE AN
IMPORTANT DISCOVERY.
Compartment of the Maine in Which
Wet Gun Cotton Was Stored
Found Unexploded.
Copyrighted, IBSB. by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., March 19.— 1t is
reported to-day that divers yesterday
made an important discovery in the
wreck of the Maine, locating the com
partment in' which wet gun cotton waa
stowed forward and finding the con
tents unexploded. This, if true, refutes
the Spanish claim that the initial ex
plosion came from this compartment,
and may be of sufficient importance to
warrant the return of the court to Ha
vana.
The sudden departure of the battle
ships Texas and Massachusetts is com
mented upon. It is believed here that
the latter will be placed in the dry dock
immediately upon arrival, as the ves
sel's keel is very foul. Plans by which
the turrets of the Texas can be made
far more efficient have been sent to the
Navy Department, and these improve
ments, which may net require longer
than a week's time to execute, will
doubtless be commenced immediately
upon her arrival. The fault in the
present arrangement of the turrets is
that there is only one position in which
a gun can be loaded. If a gun is fired
in any position except directly abeam,
the turret must be revolved to that
position before it can be reloaded. The
plan is to alter the gear so that the
gun can be loaded in any position in
which it is trained. The officers say
this will vastly increase the fighting
efficiency of the ship.
PLENTY OF POWDER
FOR THE NAVY.
Contract For 4,500,000 Pounda
Awarded to the California and
Dupont Companies.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— Both the
Navy and "War departments continue
their active preparations and emerg
ency contracts in all branches of arma
ment are being made daily by the vari
ous bureaus. The Naval Bureau of
Ordnance has contracted for 4,500,000
pounds of brown powder, which is prob
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
ably the largest single order ever
given. This was divided between the
California Powder Company and the
Dupont Powder Company. These con
cerns together are furnishing the bu
reau about 20,000 pounds daily, and I
within a week or so it is expected the I
capacity of these two works will be I
brought up to 40,000 pounds daily. The I
order is sufficient in the aggregate to
give 200 rounds for every gun afloat
in the American navy, and with this
large supply on hand, the navy, for
the first time in years, will be moro
than amply supplied with powdtv
ARMAMENT OF
THE MAYFLOWER.
The Yacht Purchased by the Navy
Department to Be Put in Fight
ing Trim.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— The arm
ament of the Mayflower, purchased by
the Navy Department during the pres
ent week, is still under consideration
by the naval officers. Captain O'Noil.
the chief of the Ordnance Bureau, is
expecting daily a recommendation on
the subject by the commandant of the
New York navy-yard. The yacht
now carries several rapid-flre guns and
the probability is they will be sup
plemented by a few others of 4, 5 and
6 inch caliber of the same character.
Several torpedo tubes may be .Itted in
the vessel, although it is said she ;s
rather slow for torpedo service. The
two Brazilian vessels recently pur
chased by the Government, it is said,
will be taken to New York.
"AMERICAN FLEET
SURROUNDING CUBA."
Posters Placed on< the Dead Walls of
Havana' are Quickly Torn Down
by the Police. :
Copyrighted, on the Dead Walls of
ivana are Quickly Torn Down
by the Police,
ghted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 19. — Some miscre
ant late last night 1 posted upon ■ the
dead walls ;of the j city a poster, [ show
ing the American ; . fleet surrounding
Cuba. To this had been added, in big
black letters' "Mueran los , Yankees,"
"Abajo los : Puercos."
This sheet attracted much comment
until destroyed by the police, who, upon
orders from the palace, left not a Bin
gle copy. . .- ■ ' .- .; ...-.
, Diario del EJercitb, the organ of the
army, devotes its first page to describ
ing the unprotected ; condition of . the
coast and gulf States. It says the
principal fortifications are at New
j York, Hampton Roads, Key West and
j New Orleans. Dry Tortugas is simply
a naval station, "while Philadelphia and
Wilmington are defenseless. ; '; .
• "The United States," : says this r pa
per, "made a mistake of \ using only
home-made ? guns • and will ' require ■ 1818
gune for proper coast defense^,nd have
only 100."
The Ejercito shows that Spain has
not been idle in the matter of ga/.^.-r
ing information, as it Is able to de
scribe at length all the defenses near
New York from Bandy Hook and T-o:;g
Island Sound to Fort Hamilton, g'ving
the number, size and strength <>f the
guns. It is declared that any modfin
fleet could easily take New York, hence
the fleet could be drawn from Cuba
by simply making a demonstration
against New York. The monitors are
described as antiquated and useless
against good ships of the preseat day.
Hampton Roads is not considered of
gr-at strength.
SPAIN'S EFFORTS TO
GET AID IN EUROPE.
The Queen Regent Pleads in Vain
for an Entente Against
Aggressive America.
BERLIN, : *-eh 19.— spite of de
nials, the Queen Regent of Spain has
repeatedly and strongly^ appealed to
Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria 'to
exert his influence with the monarchs
of Europe, particularly. Emperor Wil
liam, to secure their efforts to restore
amicable relations between the United
States and Spain. Queen laid spe
cial stress on .the necessity of main
taining the .'peace of Europe and secur
ing an : entente of • European mon
arch s against r*?j :biics..i, <
America and on the Affinity of her dy
nasty with the Uapsburgs. It is under
stood that Emperor Joseph, I while re
plying to the Queen cautiously and con
servatively, has: actually written to
Emperor William endeavoring: to . elicit
a reply pledging the latter to promise
to tender his good services in trying to
maintain peace. More recently Sj»ain
approached Germany and Aus
tria with the view of obtaining as
surances that they, in the event of
war, would assist Spain in some way
or other. ■ ■ ■:< ■ '%■■&> :*??«.,
The Spanish Emhassador here,
Senor Mendoz de Vingo, father-in-law
of Senor Polo y Bernabf, the Spanish
Minister at Washington, had a con-
ferenee on Wednesday last with the
Minister for Foreign Affairs, Baron
yon Bulow. when the latter assured
him that while Germany earnestly de
sired the maintenance nf peace, she
certainly would not pledge herself to
anything but the strictest neutrality.
Spain is believed to have received the
same answer from Vienna and Paris.
Pf-nor Sandoval. the Spanish agent,
has thus far failed in his efforts as a
purchaser of torpedo-boats and other
warships.
Argentina Buys the Varez.
opyrlghted. IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, March 19.—Argen
tina's purchase of the armored cruiser
Varez, constructed in the Orlar.io
yards in Italy, has been definitely con
cluded.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Increasing cloudiness on Sun
day; fresh westPriy winds, brisk to
high northwest on Sunday night.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco M degrees
Portland 54 degrees
Los Angele» 60 degrees
San Diego 66 degrees
fAst page.
Naval Court's Report En Route,
Spain's Navy Is Inefficient.
SECOND PAGE.
Two New Warships In View..
Spain's Newspapers Boastful.
England Wants American Alliance.
Names for the New Warships.
THIRD PAGE.
Pando Tries to Make Peace.
Davltt on English Hypocrisy.
Austria Would Help Spain.
Russian Control in China.
FOURTH PAGE. ■
No Defense for Fratricide Clark.
San Jopp Gang's Queer Way.
Willet Held Without Ball.
Frost Damage In Spots.
Wanted by New York Police.
FIFTH PAGE.
AJI Irish Hearts Are Loyal.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Annexation Resolution.
News From the Yukon.
Where Women Gamble.
Local Government In Ireland.
The Woman and the Cats.
Contempt of the Faker.
"With Entire Frankness," by Henry
James.
SEVENTH PAGE.
A New Klondike Steamer.
To Foster Trade With Asia.
Progress of Harbor Defense,
EIGHTH PAGE.
How French Hate Germans.
The Kaiser a Diplomat.
Mrs. Burnett Seeks a Dlvorc*.
Fear of Famine In Alaska.
Callfornians in Congress Fight.
Britons Win Chess Match.
NINTH PAGE.
San Rafael Flower Festival.
Fight With Tonquin Pirates.
News Along the Water Front.
Will Preach a Mission.
TENTH PAGE.
Asking for Hill's Life.
Dr. Potter Wants His Pay.
Closing Poolrooms for Women.
COURT OF INQUIRY
SENDS ITS REPORT
TO THE PRESIDENT
The Long Suspense to Which the Nation
Has Been Subjected Almost
at an End.
Three Maine Survivors Call at the White House,
Where It Is Already Known American In
tervention in Cuba Will Mean Wan
KEY WEST, March 19.— The report of the Court of Inquiry is now on
the way to Washington in charge of Captain A. S. Barker, who sailed on
the Olivette at 10 o'clock to-night.
KEY WEST, Fla., March 20. — The report of the Maine Board of Inquiry was sent to President McKlnley
last night. In the conclusions of the report, it is alleged, the statement is made that the explosion was due to a
torpedo, but the Board makes no direct accusation. While Spain is not directly accused of instigating the great
crime this conclusion makes that nation responsible.
NEW YORK, March 10 —
"The Herald's Washington cor
respondent sends the following:
For the first time since the
Maine disaster President Mc-
Kinley to-day heard the story of
the blowing up of the ship from
the lips of survivors. The three
officers who called upon him
gave him much light on the
calamity itself and little on the
cause.
What they were able to tell him. how
ever, does not materially change the
situation. It convinced him that the
explosion was external and that there
might be great difficulty in fixinsr the
guilt or responsibility. So the Presi
dent, not any wiser than before so far
as the vital question goes,, is waiting,
while preparations in the army and navy
are rushing ahead just as though it was
the worst that was expected instead of
the best.
He will probably have to 'wait until
Tuesday. He does not now expect the
report of the court of inquiry until that
time. The country will have to wait a
day or two longer. How weary wait
ing has become is shown by the faces
of the Cabinet members, who are sick of
guessing and want to face an actual con
dition.
The President's desire to have the
help of Congress in all steps to be
taken on the Cuban question in a meas
ure brings a new element into the prob
lem. For instance, may Congress be
counted upon to act with the President
on the Maine matter as well as on the
Cuban question?
Here may be complications, as may
be seen from a statement made to me
to-day by a high administration author
ity. This official pointed out that it
might be impossible to connect the
Spanish nation with the explosion un
less it was shown that the man who
NEWS OF THE DAY.
TENTH PAGE.
BOBtonlans' New Prlma Donna.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Cboynski Has a Sore Arm.
Coursing at Two Parks.
A Temperance Commissioner.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Death*.
Racing at Emeryville.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
The Day at the Churches.
Racing at Ingleside May Cease.
News From Across the Bay.
SIXTEENTH PAGE.
Heroine of an Overdue Vessel.
Why Joe Schwartz Didn't Come.
Developments of the Ferry Scandal.
SEVENTEENTH PAGE.
Remarkable Discovery of an Escaped
Murderer.
EIGHTEENTH PAGE.
"Grafflito" of the Crucifixion.
Experiments With Our Nerves.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
Cost of Modern Warfare.
TWENTIETH PAGE.
St. Gaudens, the Sculptor.
Dr. Mary Walker Talks.
TWENTY-FIRST PAGE.
Smallest Feet In America.
TWENTY-SECOND PAGE.
Training Dogs for Alaska.
A Lord of the West.
TWENTY-THIRD PAGE.
A Long Courtship.
The Turkish Giant Coming.
TWENTY-FOURTH PAGE.
Zola's Latest Novel, "Parts," Re
viewed.
Different Ideas of Heaven.
TWENTY-FIFTH PAGE.
Making High Explosives.
United States Territorial Acquisi
tions.
TWENTY-SIXTH PAGE.
Society Events.
TWENTY-SEVENTH PAGE.
The Fashions.
TWENTY-EIGHTH PAGE.
Teachers and Schools.
Fraternal News.
Whist.
TWENTY-NINTH PAGE.
The Dramatic Critlo.
THIRTIETH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
THIRTY-FIRST PAGE.
Boys' and Girls' Page.
THIRTY-SECOND PAGE.
Clunle Gets a Roast.
Lecture on the High School.
News of the Mines.
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANDO NOT A CAPTIVE,
BUT SPAIN HAS TROUBLE
BREWING IN PORTO RICO.
NEW YORK, March 19. — Some little excitement was caused here
to-day for a few moments by the circulation of an idle story to the
effect that General Pando, fhe second in command of the Spanish
forces in Cuba, had been captured by the Cubans, under Calixta
Garcia. Later in the day it developed that the tale was certainly
without foundation, and it is believed now it had its origin in this
city.
A more serious matter are the stories of threatened uprising that
come from Porto Rico.
In sv'-te of official and other dental*, it is believed serious troubles
for Spain in that island are imminent, and it is asserted, though the
report cannyt be verified at present, that the Spanish cruiser Viz
caya, when she leaves Havana, will go to Porto Rico, in order to
strengthen the hands of the Government officials there.
fired the supposed mine or exploded the
supposed torpedo was acting under gov
ernmental sanction. This, then, would
be an act of war. but in order to claim
indemnity the United States might have
to show specific neglect on the part of
the Spanish Government. In that con
nection he quoted an interview with
E. J. Phelps, printed on Friday, which
shows how carefully the Cabinet is
watching the newspapers.
This is an administration view. What
Congress might think is another matter.
The idea that was running through the
mind of the official who was talking was
that Spain might have good ground to
deny our demand and seek to arbitrate.
But here Congress steps in again. The
view entertained by the leaders in Con
gress on arbitrating a question like this
is emphatic. They brush it aside as not
to be entertained ior an instant.
The view of the administration official
which I have touched on is not con
clusive. No one knows, not even
President McKinley, what the adminis
tration will do or try to do until the
court of inquiry reports. The President
continues unswerving in his belief that
our course on the Cuban question will
be shaped largely by the destruction of
the Maine. That will hasten matters.
It may bring them to a quick climax.
The administration is mightily inter
ested in the Spanish Minister's state
ment published in the Herald the other
day that Spain would not necessarily re
gard the recognition of the indepen
dence of the Cuban insurgents by the
United States as an act of war.
But in this matter of recognizing the
independence of the Cubans Congress
enters into the game again. There con
tinues in the House of Representatives
the same opposition to that step. Some
of the men who lead there insist there
is no republic to recognize. Where is
their capital? Where is their Govern
ment sitting? What is tangible there
yet but a scattered fighting force?
These are questions they ask.
a. The views given to the Herald ♦
+. to-day show that many men in +
+ Congress hold that if we are to ♦
+ meddle with Cuba at all we must +
f actually intervene. Intervention *
•f means war. There is high Span- *
•♦■ ish authority for that.
The arrival of the survivors of the
Maine and their extended conferences
with President McKinley and Secretary
Long furnished one of the most inter
esting features in to-day's developments
on the Soanish situation. Three officers
of. the Maine. Lieutenant George W.
Holman, Lieutenant George B. Blow
and Lieutenant Callatin of the Marine
Corps, accompanied by Botswain Lar
kins, came on unexpectedly from Key-
West. It was said their visit was purely
voluntary on their part, as they are
on waiting orders 'and are free to go
where they please. Their iona confer
ence at the Navy Department and later
at the White House led to much con
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BOTH GOVERNMENTS
BUYING SUPPLIES
NEW YORK, March 19.— The
National Provisioner, the organ
of the provision and meat indus
tries, to-day says editorially:
The United States Navy Depart
ment has been a liberal buyer
of family beef in New York this
week, taking over 1000 barrels
and it is in the market for other
quantities. There is no question
that some large buying orders
have been placed upon the New
York market for provisions this
week from the Spanish Govern
ment. Common rumor here
places the purchasing thus far
at fully 600,000 pounds of dry
salted bacon.
jecture, it being asserted that Lieutenant
Blow brought with him the report of
the court of inquiry, or at least the gen
eral conclusions reached by that court.
It can be stated positively, however,
from an authoritative source, that the
officers did not bring with them the re
port, either as a whole or its general
conclusion. It can be said with equal
positiveness and authoritatively that
they do not know what the action of the
court of inquiry is, and therefore aro
not in a position to convey any informa
tion to the President or the Secre
tary of the Navy on that point Their
talks are confined entirely to graphic
narratives of their experiences on tha
night of the explosion.
Another interesting arrival of the day
was Constructor Hoover, the technical
expert sent to Havana to identify the
twisted plates in the Maine wreckage
with a view to learning whether the
explosion was of internal or external
origin. Mr. Hoover also maintained
silence concerning the wreck. He made
no report to the Secretary of the Navy,
as he was sent to Havana to learn facts
and then embody them in testimony be
fore the Naval Court of Inquiry.
When the report of the court of in
quiry has been received and made pub
lic the self-control and conservatism
which both the executive and legisla
tive branches of the Government have
displayed in dealing with the Maine dis
aster will be subjected to the supreme
test. v
Representative Maguire of California
stated the case very forcibly to-day
when he said: . "If the report of the
court of inquiry is what we all antici
pate, if it shows that the ship was de
troyed by an external aarency but does
not connect the Spanish Government
with that agency in any way, it will pre
sent a situation which will inflame the
warlike spirit of the country to the
highest degree, and yet it will be one
which would not justify the United2
MAY SECURE
TWO MORE SHIPS
FROM ABROAD
Bright Prospect for the Purchase
by Uncle Sam of the Cruiser
San Martino ar)d Battle
ship O'Higgi ns -
WASHINGTON March l».— To-day the proapecta became much
brighter for the acquisition by the United States of two Bjje war
Bh lp ß namelj the armored cruiser Baa Martina, belonging to the ar
gentine Republic and the battleship General O'Hlgglns, belonging to
Chile. The hope o« jetting these ships had been almost given up, but
cablegrams received to-day from Commander Browiiaon, now In Eu
rope made the outlook more encouraging.
Up i" the close ot office hours an actual purchase had not been con
cluded but a high ofßclal summed up the situation by saying the nego
tiations were getting "very hot." The Ban Martlno was originally built
for the Italian Government, and was then known as the Varea, but
iince her purchase by Argentina she has been renamed. Her dimen
sions are: Length, 828; beam, 59; draught 24; displacement, 6840 tons;
horsepower, 18.000; speed, 19.93 knots. Her armament is two B-inch
; flre guns, mounted '" barbettes and protected by hoods; ten B-
Inoh quick-firing guns. In ■ central redoubt; six L 8 Inches qutck-Hring
guns on tit.- upper deck, and twenty-two smaUer QUiok-flrlng gun* on
the upper ftcck. All the guns on the upper decks are protected by steel
shielda,
The General O'Higglna is s battleship of $500 tons, built at Els
wt.'U. Her dimensions *re: Length, 400 feet; beam, 81; draught 22 feet
Her contract speed is twenty one and one-Quarter knots. Her arma
ment ts four s inch, ten 6 mch, four 4.7 Armstrong guns, eight 12
pounders, ten » ; pounders and four submerged torpedo tubea Her pro
toctive deck is of Harveyised stcd. seven Inches thick. Her prim bouses
for the B-inch guns and the casements of the B-inch guns are protect;
ed by six inches of nickel slcel.
States in making war under any rule of
International law. We will be confront
ed by one of the most difficult-questions
that has ever been presented to a civil
ized Government, and one which will
require the highest wisdom and patriot
ism in its solution."
I have talked with men of all shades
of opinion in both houses of Congress
to-day, and while there are those who
Will try to hurry Congress into hasty
action, there is reason to, believe the
conservative leaders in both houses will
be numerous enough and sufficiently in
fluential to SO Shape events that, it war
follows, it will be war founded on right
and justice, and one which not on-\ the
American people, but ail the nations of
the civilized world as well, will approve.
Should war grow out of the Maine
disaster the Cuban question, of course,
would be settled by Spain being driven
from the island. Should it not be set
tled in this way it will have to be taken j
Up on its merits. 1 find decided oppo
sition among members of the Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations^ and
the House Committee on Foreign Af
fairs to the recognition of Mndcpen
dence, for the additional reason that
this investigation does not convince
them that the insurgents have standing
which would justify the United States
in recognizing them and admitting them
to the family of nations.
Other members of these committees
take the opposite view and favor the
recognition oi independence, but the
trend of opinion among leaders of most
influence is rather that the United States
may be forced to intervene in some way
to stop the war, and that there will be no
real government of Cuba unless, as a
result of such intervention, it shall be
established by the arms of the United
States.
Any action that Congress may take
on this subject will depend largely upon
the character of the information which
is furnished by the President, who is ex
pected, at no distant date, to lay before
both houses all the consular reports
which he has received from Consul-
General Lee and other American Con
suls in Cuba.
On this matter, as well as in regard to
the settlement of the Maine affair, con
servatives in Congress, while, willing to
share all responsibility with the Presi
dent and to follow his lead,
prefer that he shall take the initia
tive. There is no denying, however,
that there is a strong element in Con
gress which, it carried away by popular
clamor, might break over . all restraint
and insist on an immediate settlement
by driving Spain out of Cuba.
Bis Guns for Key West.
NEW YORK. March 19.— The steamer
William EL Chapman towed to the city
to-day a derrick baring on board four
10-inch puns weighing thirty-three tons
each and two S-iuch gun?, weighing
sixteen tons each, taken from the
Lieutenant-Commander Holman.
Bandy Hook proving grounds; The
guns art- to be loaded on the schooner
Daisy Parly, which Is to take them to
Key \\<st.
VIEWS OF EX-MINISTER
ROMERO ROBLEDO.
Fears the Worst for Spain, nnd That
the Queen find the Dynasty Will
Be Swept Away.
BS3RUN, March It.— The LoJtal .\n
pubUshes a dispatch from Madrid
giving the substance of an Interview
with Benor Romero Robledo, farmer
Minister of Justice, In which he rlnsnrir
t^i» t-»»i 11 autonomy and the recalling i f
Generul Weyleras being the great I
Hi. stakes, ami adds:
"General Blanco is unable to subdue
the rebellion, which la worse than ever,
and the situation with America is most
critical. I do not know how 'far the
Americans mean to go. but in any case
Spain prefers war to humiliation. "No
body likes to die, but sooner death than
shame. No Spanish Government COUld
propose the cession of Cuba for money.
"'lt was a crime to dissolve the
Cortes at this .critical time. I hope
everything goes well, but I much fear
the contrary. Then the poor Queen
and the dynasty, which must assume
the whole responsibility for the conflict,
must be swept away." -« •
MARE ISLAND WILL
HAVE A BIG DRYDOCK.
The Naval Conmiittee Also Makes
Other Prorialona Thai May Be
Found Very Useful.
WASHINGTON. Ifarch 19. — The
Naval Committee to-day decided to ap
propriate i for a new drydock at
Mare Island. O.il. It will be TOO feet
long, and Will accommodate the l.in • Si
of the Pacific ocean merchant v
Including those of the ivenr.ic. Pacific
Mall and Other companies, some of
Whose vessels mipht in emerpeney be
pressed Into the auxiliary naval serv
ice.
The committee has also authorised
the construction Of three new battle
ships, six torpedo-boats, six torpedo
destroyer* and a smokeless powder
factory to be located on the Potomac
River between Washington and Indian
Head. Maryland.
CONTRACTS FOR A
BIG LOT OF PROJECTILES.
Over a Million Dollars' Worth of War
Material Will bo Manufactured
at the Sterling- Works.
PITTSBURG, March 19. C. 11.
Wheeler, president of the "Wheeler
BterUng Projectile Works of McKees
port, Pa., arrived to-day from Wash
ington with signed contracts from the
United States Government for over a
million dollars* worth of projeCStes of
all kinds from four inches up to sixteen
Inches, the latter being .the largest
made for use In the United States army
and navy. It will require at least a
year, working continuously day and
night, Sundays included, to complete
the contract. Mr. Wheeler said he be
lieved wax with Spain is inevitable.
SURVIVORS OF THE MAINE.
Lieutenant Blow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
BLATHER OF
SPAIN'S PRESS
Styles the United States
as an Immense Float
ing Maine.
El Globo Attributes the Disaster
to Bad Storage and Lack
.Discipline.
And the Heraldo Smiles at "Seeing
tlu Yankees Begin <t War
like Display."
Special Dlapatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 19.— Madrid advices
of Wednesday say the Government or
i:.in, El (Hobo, assumes a much bolder
and loftier tone than lately. It com
pares the United States to "an immense
Maine; floating between the Atlantic
and the Pacific, some of whose crew
having lost their heads are seeking to
force Open the magazine in order to
blow it up." President McKinley, as
the commander, is represented as "do
ing his beet to restore to reason his un
ruly crew."
El Globo attributes the loss of the
Maine to "bad storage of her enormous
quantity of explosives, arising either
from too hasty preparations for war or
from want of . proper discipline on
board." El Globo remarks in paren
theses, that the "agents were entirely
internal," adding: "But there may be
external agencies that will bring about
the national downfall to which the
Union is directly heading."
Quoting some paragraphs from the
Correspondence slaying that war
would affect other nations besides
Spain, El Globo remarks: "To this
we may add that the "declarations at
t dinned to, the Kaiser— Emperor Wil
liam of declarations which
were sought to be denied, are now
confirmed afresh in such an authentic
manner that all doubt has vanished on
the subject. We mention this declara
tion Of the Kaiser's, not that we placi
the hope of our safety in his, or any
foreign aid, but in order to complete
the picture we ought at the present
time to have of the dispositions of the
European Chancellors respecting this
event. Spain has shown that. she can
prepare herself in silence and with
greater efficiency than her adversary,
but apart from that attitude of Spain
there undoubtedly exists external
agents who may exert most dismal in
fluence, once it is set in motion. We
estimate as worse than a defeat a
European coalition against the United
States."
The paper referred to then enumer
ates the possible evils It foresees for
the United States, and closes with the
following reflections:
"Into this evil plight the cupidity of
I few has placed the nation, which lieu
peacefully anchored between the At
lantic and the Pacific, and which tc
day finds Itself In the dilemma of hav
ing to retire to find herself in much
worse a position than Spain, which in
truth is greater in spirit than in
iiy."
Th* Heraldo (Independent) is in an
equally happy mood. While admitting
it is Pinong the first to point out Span
ish defects, it confesses "it can only
unite at seeing the Yankees devoting
themselves to the difficult task of try
ing to frighten us by a war-like di?
p- >y"
continuing, the Heraldo compares the
attitude of the United States :o that
of a "boulevarde swaggerer who Haunts
his dollars to attract the attention of
a tine lady passing by," adding that
in. "lute a woman of good breed- m
ing, confident In herself, will continue
In her course, brave and alon-?, and
will pay no attention to foreign ros
ing." * '''"-'•*'
NAVAL APPROPRIATION '
BILL IS COMPLFTED.
Elimination of the Features of the
Measure for the Reorganization
of the Navy's Personnel.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— The nav
al appropriation bill was practically
completed to-day by the sub-committee
and will be reported to the full com
mittee pn Monday. The most import
ant action taken to-day was the total
elimination of the features of the bill
for the reorganisation of the personnel
Of the navy', which it was proposed to
Incorporate In the appropriation bill.
it is understood that the personnel bill
will be considered and passed in some
Immediately after the naval bill
is out of the way.
The committee, however, placed in
the bill authorisation for ten addition
distant engineers and fifteen pay
Officers who were asked by the de
partment. The bill will appropriate
tO to be expended during the next
year on each of the rive dry
docks authorised by the bill. Half a
million is appropriated for each of the
battle-ships.
Three Favorites Win.
NEW ORLEANS, March 19.—Glen
xncyne. Partner and Isabey wore the
Lieutenant Catiin.
winning favorites to-d£.y. Weather fine,
track fast. , .
Six furlongs, selling. Pert won, Adowa
second. Quaver third. Time. 1:15.
Ono mile, handicap. What N^xt won,
Fervor second, Kikln third. Time. 1:41.
Six furlongs, soiling. Glenmmne won,
' aye S second, Minnie Welden third.
Time. 1:141;,. .. ,
l'almeuo hurdle handicap, one and
an eighth miles. Partner won. Proverb
second, Shanty Kelly third. Time 2:0:>%,.
Seven furlongs, [sabey won Percy F
second, Tole Simmons third. Time,
1:28%.
One and an eighth miles, Elyria won,
Dawn second, Mollie third. Time, l:oo.
APPLEYARD MAY BE
GRANTED A PARDON.
Took the Life of the Man Who
Wrecked the Life of the
Woman He Loved.
TONIA, Mi<h., March 19.— 1n tho crimin
al asylum here a cell has for three years
been occupied by James Appleyard of
Minneapolis, Minn. Appleyard was be
trothed to a beautiful Minneapolis girl.
Tho young woman visited friends at Che
boygan ;uid there mot a dentist named
Qahan. Ho spent money freely for car
riage rides, boating and excursions, and
Boon Appleyard's sweetheart forgot her
vows. Her visit was prolonged until one
dny she found she would become a moth
er. She returned home, begged Appleyard
to release her, and told him the truth.
The young man said : .
"I love y«»u madly; you must be my
wife."
They were married at once and the
bride became a mother in a Chicago hos
pital. Appleyard visited Gaban at Che
boygan, representing himself as tho
wronged girfa brother, aad cleverly drew
out the admission o.r.n Qahan loved the
girl and wanted to marry her. Then, with
out a Word of winning, Appleyard shot
Qahan. When pronounced g^iliy, Apple
yard hecamo a maniac and wiis sent to
the asylum for criminal insanity.
For nearly a year lie has been consid-,
ere, i sane. Judge Adams, his trial Judge,
h:is personally visile.', the Governor in his
behalf, and a pardon will undoubtedly be
granted, one of the most ardent workers
in his behalf is the wife whose fickleness
was the cause of his woes.
FOUND A PAINTING
BY A FAMOUS ARTIST.
American Discovers a Valuable Can
vas in an Amsterdam
Barber Shop.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., March 19.— D.
Donbleyker. a Kalamazoo man, In a re
cent visit to Amsterdam, went into a lit
tle barber shop in a narrow street and in
a pile of rubbish On the floor he found a
picture, covered with dirt. The barber
sold it to Denbleykor for 40 florins (sl6).
He took it to Ryk's Museum in Amster
dam, one of the finest art galleries in the
world. The museum wanted to buy the
picture, but Denbleyker did not want to #
sell then. Arriving in New York he took
the picture to the Metropolitan Museum
of Art. This museum also wanted to buy
the picture and several art dealers
wanted it. He finally sold the picture for
It was then discovered that the canvas
was from the brush of Gabriel Metzu. one
of the greatest genre painters of the
world, who flourished early In the seven
teenth century, ranking with artists of
such fame as Gerard Douw. The present
owner of the picture is a wealthy col
lector of New York, who values his prize
at $10,000, though it is not for sale at any
price.
It is considered remarkable that the
curator of Kyk's Museum, Amsterdam,
to whom the picture wag first shown, did
not recognize it and secure it. DeuMey-,
ker thinks he did. but. in his desire to get
it as cheaply as possible and not count
ing on I>enbleyker"s leaving- immediately
for America, he did not choose to mani
iest too ardent a longing for possession
of the gem. ,':V,""
QUAY-WANAMAKER
FIGHT WAXES WARM
Senator Appears to Have a Shade the
Better of It in th.c Spring
Elections.
PHIL.ADFLFK V. March 19.—Presum
ably not In the history of the State has
so much Interest been manifested in pri
mary elections v that taken In the elec
tions being held th.s spring. This is ac
counted for by the bitter fight that Is
being wa* -' Senator Quay by the
ess Men's League, headed by John
aker.
Prom Lancaster County the returns
thus far Indie tie that Senator Quay has
i to the State Con
vention by n< :'>>• 1000 majority. Reports
from Franklin County are favorable to
Quay, in Cameron. Venango, Warren
and McKeen c untie? the delegates were
instructed for Congressman C. W. Stone,
anti-Quay, for Governor. Returns from
Clarion Count are meager, but indicate
the election ( I Quay delegates.
NEW STEAMER IS
NEARING COMPLETION.
Vessel Being Built at Stockton Will
Be Christened the H. J.
Corcoran.
STOCKTON, March 19.— There Is great
activity here in the shipyards on both
sides of the channel. The fust steamer
which is Hearing completion in the ship
yards of the California Navigation .and
Improvement Company will be known as
the H. J. Corcoran. The date of the
launching has not been set. This is the
steamer which is expected to make the
run from Stockton- to San ' Francisco .in
four and a half hours. The boat will
have splendid appointments and Is de
signed especially. for passenger traffic.
• — v
WAR TALK AROUSED
COLONEL WRIGHT.
Commander of the Sixth Regiment
of Militia Will Not
Resign.
STOCKTON, March IS.— Members o?
the Stockton militia companies are say-
Ing hard things of the Fresno companies.
Both belong to the Sixth Regiment. Two
months ago Colonel Wright of . Fresno
announced his Intention to resign.
Stockton was much elated, as lieuten
ant - Colonel . Johnson would succeed
: Wright. The colonel has withdrawn ; his
resignation " from the office of the ad
jutant-peneral at : Sacramer.to. .He an
nounced in January last that he intend
ed to resign, as . he was going to the
Klondike. With ; the I prospect . of war. la
view, Colonel Wrights 'spirit has been
aroused, and la case of trouble -with the
Pans the colonel proposes ,tv fight at the
head, of -his regiment. And Stockton' be-
. waits -the : loss.- of the regimental head-
Quarters.
Death of a Russian Admiral.
ST. rETEKSKIRG. March 11— Admiral
PopoS, aide vie cansp of the C»ar. 1»
ANXIOUS FOR
IN ALLIANCE
Sincerity of the British
for an Kntente With
Uncle Sam.
It Is Argued That a Compact of
Anglo-Saxons Would Pre
serve Peace of the World.
England Willing to Regard This
Country in the Light of a Friend
and Brother.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDON, March 19.— The remarkable
unanimity of the approval of both
classes and masses of the mere sugges
tion of an Anglo-American alliance
compels belief in the sincerity of the
desire of the British public for an en
tente with the United States. The fact
that most of the cable dispatches from
America have proclaimed that the sug
gestion has been seriously discussed is
heartily welcomed here, and is regard
ed as extremely important and gratify
ing, as evidencing a friendiy spirit.
"There are," as a diplomatist put It,
"inyjiiring hopes that the dift'erertce of
the past will be buried, and that the
Anglo-Saxons, in the near future, will
j be found issuing identical notes to all
i opposed to their common interests."
The diplomat continued: "It is not
any stretch of the imagination to say
that such a union has been longed for
; by the best men in Great Britain many
i years, not only because of the genuine
wish for closer bonds of friendship, but
because it is a known fact that all the
statesmen of Europe realize that a
close alliance between America and
Oreat Britain would constitute, not
, only the surest guarantee of the peace
of the world, but would afford proof
that the reign of law and individual
liberty is to bo extended for the benefit
of mankind, in spite of the efforts to
extinguish it made by reactionary rul
ers and governments."
The weekly newspapers pay con
siderable attention to the subject. The
Speaker says: "it is Impossible for
the statesmen of either country to
rind a nobler object to which to devote
their energies and their lives. What
ever the actual relations in which the
Governments of London and Washing
ton regard the matter, the American
people may be assured that if they
wish for an agreement the people cf
Great Britain also wish for one. We
do not wish to ask the Americans to
tight our battles, just as -we feel con
vinced that they are too proud to de-
Firo that we should fight theirs^ But
what we do wish and what wj> men
on both sides must earnestly desire Is
t that each nation shall feel that it has
in the other h friend and a brother on
whose sympathy it can rely in time
of need."
The Spectator, noting the good feel
i ing expressed in the United States,
says: "It does not follow from any de
sire to court the old country because it
may be useful, but is due to the report
ed coalition on the continent against
England." Continuing, the Spectator
• remarks: 'The danger, or supposed
1 danger, of the British awoke race feel-
Ing with a rush, and the difficulty with
Spain only served to increase the latent
sentiment essential to the unityexisting
among Anglo-Saxons. The possibility
that the Spanish quarrel might bring
them face to face with a continental
coalition made the Americans realize
that our race is not beloved on the con
tinent and that we may some day have
to make a common cause. Americans
■ are quite right in assuming that they
will have the supoprt of the Britishers
should a continental alliance attempt to
oppress them. If our people once real
ize the condition of Cuba half of Eng
land would be calling the Americans
hard names because they have not In
tervened earlier to stop the horrors per
petrated at their very doors."
The curious mixture of pacific assur
: ances and announcements of active
preparations for war which are coming
from the United States keeps the pro
phets but, the opinion is
gaining frrr.ur.il that the outlook is Im
proving and that war will finally be
averted by a Spanish retreat under
some more or leßß specious excuse and
I c MUtant to recognize the claims of
the United States, for. in spite of stor- ■
lea to tho contrary, Spain is well aware
that it is useless to build hopes of sym
pathy from the European powers.
• Commenting on the attitude of Presi
dent Mc-Kinley. the Saturday Review
s.:>^ it is a suggestive commentary on
government by the people that the
means of preventing what the
President calls an unholy war has been
for the Government to "face popular
clamor in an attitude of indifference
BU< b as might be expected of Russia."
Reading between the lines of the re
assuiing cable messages, the pessimis-
Spectator thinks nothing has hap
: to Improve the situation, and
says: 'While the President is sincere
ly "anxious- to avoid war. doubtless his
destre will be strengthened by the ad
vioes of the navy and army depart
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My Wife Says
She could not keep house ; without
Hood's Sarsaparilla. We use it . as a
family .medicine, and It is that which
keeps her in such good health. My own
experience is also strongly in favor of
this excellent medicine. My stomach
was in such condition I could' not re-
tain even the delicate liquid, food. , I
felt that I was continually failing in
spite of the medicines I took, and bo I
gave up business and went into the
country. Finally I resorted to Hood's !
Sarsaparilla, and with excellent re-
sults. It has made me a strong, vig-
orous man. — G. & CLARK, Union Vil r
lage, Vt.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Hi six i ;
for $3. Prepared only by C I. Hood .£ Co., I
Lowell, Mass.?
Hrwr»rl*c I>illc do not *» ur **- 111 *er
nOUJ & * »»' s gripe. Druggista. Jsc
" . "- ■■ ... ■ ; ..- 
CHOOSING NAMES
FOR ADDITIONS
TO THE NAVY
Secretary Long Will F^echristen the
fJroazonas, Styling the Cruiser
New Orleans, in Honor of
Louisiana's Chief City.
NEW YORK, March 19.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Secretary Long has determined to rechristen the new American cruiser
Amazonas the New Orleans, in honor of the principal city of Louisi
ana. This determination was reached by the Secretary only after ne
had given a most careful consideration to the claims of various cities
throughout the Union, which had, through their representatives In
Congress, requested that their names be placed on the bows of one ol
the new cruisers purchased in England.
Senator Platt and Representative Southwick of New York had urged
the Secretary to name the Amazonas Albany; Representative Ma
honey that she be called Buffalo; Representative Bull of Rhode Island
that she be christened Providence, an Arkansas Representative Pres
cott; and other members of Congress that she be named as they re
quested. .In view of the fact that the State of New York contains
two cities— New York and Rrooklyn— which are represented in the navy
by ships bearing their names, the Secretary thought it only proper that
6ome State which had no representative ship in the service should
be recognized, and he, therefore, has selected New Orleans.
Express authority to change the name of the Amazonas is given
Secretary Long by section 1538 of the Revised Statutes, which specifies
that the Secretary of the Navy may change the names of any vessels
purchased for the navy by authority of law. The choice of names
for the Amazonas and her sister ship, Abrueall, is restricted by law
to principal cities. No determination has been reached by the Sec
retary as to the name to be given the Abrueall or Mayflower. The
Abreuall will not be completed before December 1, according to advices
received at the department from Lieutenant Colwell, the naval attache,
who purchased the vessels for the United States, and there is conse
quently no hurry as to the selection of her name. It is believed, how
ever, that Prescott stands an excellent chance of being honored by the
Secretary calling the new cruiser after it. So far as the Mayflower is
concerned. It is proposed by the Secretary to confer with the Presi
dent during the coming week and a name will be selected. It Is pos
sible that the name of some naval man of prominence in the history
of the country may be selected.
■ ments that the preparations are lncom
! plete, and that every week of time
gained now may mean the shortening
Of the war, if it comes, by many
l months."
CHILEAN MINISTER
TO PERU DISMISSED.
Cause Said to Be the Failure of the
Tacna-Arica Negotiations
in Santiago.
PopyrlfrhtP'l. Wli lOF James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO. March 19.— 1t is asserted
that Benov Vicente Santa Cruz, the Chi
lean Minister to Peru, has been dismissed
by that Government because of the al
leged failure of the Tacna-Arica negotia
tion? in Santiago.
It Is also reported that Senor Joaquln
Goador, the newly appointed Minister to
Bolivia from Chile, will nut start for his
post until something definite results from
the negotiations between Chile and Peru,
as Bolivia is anxious to procure a strip of
land in order to have a port on the Pa
cific. -
Death of a Russian Admiral.
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— The gaso
line launch Pastime, which landed the
fifteen contraband Chinese at Anaheim
landing on the 17th lnst., has been seized
and placed in charge of a government of
§ ADVEKTISKMENTS. I__^-
SPECIAL OFFERING
uFEvIAI/ Ul I jLlVlllu
• • • OF^ • • •
NEW WASH GOODS'
iiLif ifnu I uuuuui
Commencing to-morrow we will
place on sale ten cases of New .
Wash Goods, in new desirable
colorings, at the following prices
MA C\ify—2 cases of 36-inch Percales.
XjlL JL2j2(j in very choice styles in
m yard stripes, checks and plaids.
MA Qi ~— 2 cases of fine Corded Dimi-
jLLfiAj ties, in dainty colorings, very
a yard sheer material.
MA Cr>"~ 3 cases of fine American Or-
jfxL IOL gandies. all new designs- and
a yard colorings.
A X OOr>~ 2 cases of Fine Quality
jrLb Madras Cloth, in stripes.
a yard checks and plaids, in neat
colorings.
Mqr^-1 case of French Printed
jIjLL IJ&Kj Organdies, exclusive styles,
a yard a large assortment to select
from.
fleer, and her former owner, who is
charged with illegally bringing the China
men to Uncle Sam's domain, has been ar
rested and Lodged in the County Jail. Ho
gives his name as Herbert Young and
claims to have influential friends in San
Diego. __^__________
SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
The last held open meeting of Pickwick
Lodge was attended, as usual, by a large
number of the membership and many
friends, who enjoyed the social evening
to the fullest. There were given selections
on the piano by T. Nowlan. recitations
by J. A. Bridges and F. Musgrave, vocal
ization by W. C. Parsons. W. Noringtop,
H. Williamson. A. R. Prior. J. H. Coates,
P. Woodhouse, W. T. Sobey, T. Hope. L.
Munday, J. Meyerscough, Messrs.
Cheeney. Seelev, Emmet. Jones Bad
Brown late of her Majesty's Life Guards,
and a duet by H. Williamson and Mr.
Jones. The members of this lodge know
how to entertain and make their meet
ings interesting. During the evening
there was served a collation and refresh
ments, besides pipes and tobacco.
SONS OF TEMPERANCE.
At an open meeting of the Sons of Tem
perance to be held at &97 Market street
next Thursday several of the grand of
ficers will deliver addresses. This oraer
now has a benenciai feature in connec
tion with it.
■ * ■
It is only the Innocent who are afraid
In the dark. , |' — - ■■-■:- , -■ ;..■-<■ f-^f.-i • &£.lVril^n^-3^^^ T^C II li WM / ll\//i A Tuit^in otTer stores. ' A Men's Hat Event. The new
\ \iLSXC * ((lllFMmla /II \ /'I \ I IK l\ Tfeesc wiM &c placed &*/ore Spring Alpine in pretty shades
\ f 4 ii^ / 1 \V\uV^I Itr/ y / \ / \ you again a up-to-date blocks. In our Bat
l&*9^~ S7m m <->^ *-^ / 1 \A\\\ 111/ 5 / \ / & ® r r »T» I !• Ilia yk
wiIST y******* 3^ in vi siU py^"/ v Is cv< €pi>oo> 69c.
/ /*^ "T f z/*^ , a SM / fiS or &0^ 5'5 ' a pcr ~ (T tf^i\ of'rnv, the new
(L 111 II (I * * * *"*** I A VV7 feet dreamland *$\ ■ Spring blook,
ilil^-^ - COMING EVENTS. I A S?WmK of new Spring jk_/ fashionable
... The events for the coming week are large in point of number, \ l\ ''■'■'' /AtB&rt\ colorings, made y\^Tjk goods. These at
. The events for the.commg week are large in point of number, \ \ V^l £§f PsJ* *«™ n^™**'* WfV ie^
Did yOU ever notice how different our Clothes are and we mere i ym ,ake a rambling note of a few of our depart- irU W «?kjjl j f{ h'7h i "p* *
from those handled by other stores? Our* have that ™^ J|l; || /TlS^^" Wk leather Belts .
refined look; all the essentials to good looks are in wear There > snewness a t your every turn. W W l//\l/7 hie the money - 0/ For Ladies.
° Ur £_f of' the noteworthy matures of the coming Black Silk and Satin Neckwear Event. J^ R J|[ '1^
week as a lot of pretty Spring Suits, a lot of 'em that .^©§i*l§i^fc^ / / «* \ tlenien ' s m «ht _ . 4-TC# I/lack at
are $15 value*. They're lull of features, full of clever ;|^P^^fe ,- v£P cut^and^ener- === — ■ " /JEp I 9c * .
tailoring, salts that are $15 suits ; but we're starring 9W -f^. U|K °" to./* °' les ' r^T^ vr tufZTe^l^/eZJfp! ZZ ' /%. a lot of *«.
'em. We want more people to talk about OUr Spnng -^L •' ' *^^, "*'> L* a & wade from good \ hw.Y\ °f the day the goods were advertised sizes were JsLIL long sailor
Suits, and these are a lovely lot ; nothing in town at (^^^^^m^^ patent ' cLtiLi' M'JulM were disappointed, but for our Man- &W)\ lorTo^s.inblul,
$15 is any better. Our window will show that, and ,^\ N: H^B^^^Pa-\ N O us facings and \\\\\\^ day's event we have guarded against this. c , .m I ls-fej a pretty lot, in-
sls 3S any better. Our wan CIOW Will snow mat, anu / \ — a . I oliS facihgs and |: H J There's some 300 dozzn of^' cm T those fancy mA W& eluding a lan-
thev' re Offered to YOU at " \-» \ - Jp Q gussets, yoke -[y./.J'-: Madras Bosom Shirts which are quite swell and WE — TTr yard and whis-
* J . Nothing more genteel or rich than Black neck bands. j SMj/ which you wear with white collar and cuffs ; / T tie, for boys up
$^^V Neckwear, It shows a refined tajte. The** at' ■T[' ■ double the money on' touch like Shirts else- II Ito 10 years of
U^W WW 4!so<B^sSij££!i THe ityiP "--here. These at a« ■■■ ml! age. Ti^ at
fflO'OO* iift^&JZn?:£2£& 39c. L^±i^ 48c. • jjvj__ g'- 58 -
l 4c ' — - — — ■ ; ~ ; 1 •■. rnn ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
■ 1 ~ ■ ~ 7 ~~- " > ... onJinrt nT A Z— -^ __ t-» /n A Suspender event, embracing 500 » ConfirmatJon *
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦: J94 * The swellest things for ladies thvs season are ______B|pi» «___ _ __^^ y^f . \\K\ dozen of our regular *0c Suspenders l Con ™ aTlon :
♦ /^^^ iheFrinte Ti-s to go twice around, tied tn a, <^&?^ Sl& — 3^"^ "^~__rv \ /I \ »OZOW- °7 °^ r regular 60C buspeiiaerb, Suits.
i Wash Fabric „ MZli four-inland or a, large, generous bow. These 2(fc^^i MUjrt^M^W /%. \\\\ all M*h-ela*S ivebbings, some made with .£*£>££%•
% oJ^'^% \J are , he no^atslZ}: alTotlet fZaZs: a/wll#^ i€£l^/&> L\V/W atent c f off fastenings, all high-class --—'— *
jrssrsrE: & a Jr"fcXir^"oi^lr-e^™? [■■■iiiiiirii miiiß ■mini QWU good,, «*** worth so* jms:
ÜBi : ff* a^S^ *%?£& 91113 - 15 HE ARNY ST. J* M 8 6a , ™^ •
; £***„«*„„*. + V§£ %* THE FBI SCO BOY S. W{\]vk 2lc ♦ ♦'
Won'tyaucemeand # S , AO/> . „__ jrX"TTT?F RTTT T DIJVGSr-8 FLOORS iS WM " - ..! * *«> <s» «> <3> <» <fr ♦♦ ♦
*»* AAAAAAAAA \SpS» c/Ow»
PANDO SEEKS TO
MAKE PEACE
Will Try to Have a Con
ference With Cuban
Leaders.
It Is Not Believed by the Junta
That He Will Suc
ceed.
This Is the Last Card of the Autono
mists in th© Game of
"War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FAVANA (via Key West), March 19.
MilitEtX} operations have been sus
pended by General Pando in the east
of Cuba, and he is seeking a confer
ence with General Gomez, General
Garcia and the Cuban President and
other prominent Cubans.
Several thousand insurgents have
gathered on the east and west sides of
the Juscaro-Moron trocha, in the prov
ince of Puerto Principe, which is much
weakened by the withdrawal of troops
by General Pando.
It is believed this conference is the
i last card of the Autonomist Govern
ment, backed by Madrid, to secure
COLL READERS
TAKE NOTICE.
Our great discount offer of SCRIB-
NER'S HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES
rr>ust close April 1. After tbat date prices
will be advanced 33 1-3 per cent. Reroerr)-
ber we will send you th>e set complete in
five roassive volumes, with over 1600 illus-
trations, on the small payment of only $1
on delivery, balance at less tban seven
cents a day. Call and examine tbis grand
bistory of our country or send a postal
card to us and we will send a set to you
for examination, free of expense. Re-
n)en)ber tbe closing date of ttys offer.
Address,
THE SAN FRANCISCO COLL.
peao* A formal tender is sought to
be made on the officers of the Radical
wing of the Autonomists, the same
being: the practical Independence of
?he !sland P Havana officials believe
that the offer will be accepted and that
war will be ended.
The insurgent authorities ana tne
best posted merchants and bankers
believe, on the contrary, that the fail
ure of the conference means the death
blow of autonomy, while it is prob
able lhat a large force of insurgents
will break through the trochas and will
raid the country up to Havana.
NEW YORK, March 19.— At the of
fices of the Cuban Junta in this city
there was great rejoicing when the
foregoing dispatch was translated.
T. Estrada Palma read the bulletin
very carefully and said: "Of course,
we don't doubt that the Spaniards
have suspended operations in Cuba and
that General Pando is seeking a con
ference with the Cuban leaders. Pando
has been trying to do the same ever
since he arrived in Cuba. So far he
has not succeeded, and we are con
fident he will not."
"The gathering of large Cuban forces
near the Jucaro-Moron trocha is proba
bly for their passage through it in order
to invade the western provinces, as
was announced in the Associated Press
cablegrams a few days ago. There
will be no conference between the Cu
ban leaders and Pando or any other
Spanish representative.
"The belief of the Havana officials
that the Spanish propositions will be
accepted is preposterous. The latter
portion of the dispatch speaks for it
self. The Cubans will not admit of any
solution of the war unless it be based
on the absolute independence of Cuba."
EVIL DEEDS LIVE AFTER HIM.
New York Tribune.
The evil that Weyler did lives after him
in Cuba. To his malefic energies may be
Justly attributed nine-tenths of all
Spain's embarrassments in that island,
and an equal proportion of all the tensity
of relations between Spain and the United
States.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
CHINA'S OFFER
TO THE CZAR
Willing to Lease Talien-
Wan, but Not Port
Arthur.
Negotiations Have Now Been
Transferred to St.
Petersburg.
The Rebellion Against the Manchu
Dynasty Spraading Along the
Yang-tae-Kiang.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
PEKING, March 19.— The recent In
activity of the Russians at Peking is
explained by the fact that the negotia
tions have again been transferred to St.
Petersburg, owing to the difficulties en
countered here. The coincidence of the
French demands presented on the eve
o-f the negotiation of the Chinese loan
in London is commented upon, and it is
asserted that France and Russia are
trying their best to wreck the loan.
Upon the occasion of the last visit of
the French Embaesador to the Chinese
Foreign Office, the Chinese refused to
accede to the French proposals, and the
Embassador said that when he next
visited the Foreign Office he would pre-
sent stronger arguments and would
even threaten active operations from
Tongking and the forcible seizure of a
coaling station.
The general opinion here is that it
is impossible to disregard the persist
ent rumors circulating in well informed
circles that Russia has abandoned her
attempts to lease Port Arthur, but has
not ceased her negotiations regarding
Talien-Wan.
China, it is said, has offered to lease
to Russia Talien-Wan and to allow the
proposed railway from Petura to
Kwang Chun Tv, Munkden and Port
Arthur to be constructed provided
Port Arthur remains in China's hands.
It was rumored yesterday that the
Chinese Government is increasing the
Port Arthur garrison by 300 men and is
also sending troops to Tallu and Shan-
Kwan.
The interview which was to have
been had yesterday by M. Doboie, the
French Charge d'Affalres, with the
authorities was postponed, owing to
the sacrifices in the Temple of the Sun.
China, it Is asserted, proposes to yield
only to the demands relative to the
province of Kwang Si.
LONDON, March 19.— A special dis
patch from Shanghai, received here to
day, says a conspiracy with the object
of bringing about a rebellion, has been
started by Chinese officials of various
ranke in the Chang Sha province of
Hunan.
It is said to have spread to all the
provinces bordering on the Yang-tse-
Kiang. and fears are expressed that it
may prove to be the most formidable
since the Taiping rebellion. It is pro
fessedly a patriotic movement to over
throw the Manchu dynasty and save
the central provinces from European
control. But it is suspected that the
plot emanated from the Mandarines,
who are alarmed at the prospect of a
diversion of part of their pickings to
pay the interest on tUe new loan.
The Pekin authorities are cognizant
of the movement, but, distrusting the
loyalty of the provincial troops, they
are helpless.
The conspirators are said to have ap
proached British subjects with induce
ments to join in the rebellion and they
have also offered large sums of money
for arms. _______________
REVOLT IN GUATEMALA
WILL BE REVIVED.
Party of Revolutionary Leaders Start
From Mexico to Invade
the Republic.
NEW YORK, March 1<». -A City of
Mexico special to the Herald says:
Colonel Prospero Morales and suite,
accompanied by a rich Spaniard named
Llerendi and a medical corps of
six physicians, headed by Dr. Tre
vino of this city, sailed to-day on a
chartered steamship from Vera Cruz
to Coatzacoalcos, and will go thence
via the Tehuantepee Railway toSallna
Cr-aiz, and by steamship to San Benito.
l"nere, with a body of men, they will
cross the Guatemala frontier to revive
the revolution. A large force of men
is waiting on the Salvadoran frontier
to penetrate into Guatemala as soon as
they hear of the rising in the north.
A large Spanish house here is the
financial backer of the rebels on the
promise that the head of the firm shall
be given the treasury portfolio in the
Cabinet.
INDIANA'S CHIEF
JUSTICE HONORED
Receives the Laetare Medal
Given by Notre Dame
University.
Recognition of tho Services und
Personal Worth or Timothy
E. Howard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOTRE DAME, Ind., March 19.—
Since 1883 the University of Notre
Dame has yearly given a medal known
as Laetare medal, because bestowed on
Laetare Sunday, to a layman chosen as
standing foremost among the workers
in the fields of education, religion and
morality. The custom found origin in
the desire of the faculty of the univer
sity to establish some tangible stimu
lus for laymen to enter with greater
zeal into the work of advancing edu
cation and religion.
The Laetare medal Is a round piece
of solid gold decorated with wreaths
and words of praise, together with the
names of the donor and the recipient.
It holds much the same place in
America that the Golden Rose, given
yearly by the Pope, does in Europe.
Thus far it has been awarded to the
following:
John Gilmary Shea, historian; Pat
rick Keeley, architect; Eliza Allen Star,
artist and author; General John New
ton, soldVr and scientist; T. V. Hickey,
editor; Mrs. Anna H. Dorsey, author;
Dr. William Jonahan, jurist; Daniel
Dougherty, lawyer; Major Henry F.
Brownson, soldier and editor; Patrick
Donahue, editor; Mrs. Sallier, author;
Augustin Daly, dramatist; General
William Stark Rosecrans, soldier; Dr.
Addis Emmet, physician.
This year the Laetare medal was be
stowed on Timothy E. Howard, Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of In
diana, in recognition of his faithful
services in behalf of religion, morality,
education and law, and in recognition
of his personal worth as a man, a
citizen and a public official.
AS TO SPAIN
AND AUSTRIA
Proof of Understanding
Between the Two
Nations.
Captain of the Schoolship Dona
Presented With a Seat for the
Patriotic Performance.
Havana Newspapers Continue to Slur
Americana, and Insurgents Again
Grow Bold-
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 19.— Further proof
of the understanding existing between
Spain and Austria is furnished by the
fact that the patriotic committee has
presented a seat for the performance
at the Tacon Theater to the commander
of the Austrian schoo-lship Dona. Sev
enty-five ceritens was paid for the seat,
the fund being raised for the purchase
of a warship being swelled that much.
With the seat goes an address reciting
the close relations existing between the
Austrian -and Spanish thrones, being
connected by blood ties.
The efforts of American philanthro
pists particularly those connected with
the Red Cross, to relieve suffering in
Cuba are viewed with some suspicion,
their disinterestedness being doubted in
many quarters. La Lucha, \n an edi
"oriaJ this afternoon, says: While in
Cuba our politicians are nightly amus
ine themselves with endeavors to serve
their country, and in the mother coun
try politicians kill time with their own
ambUions, our neighbors in America
demote their time to philanthropy ef
forts to ameliorate suffering in Cuba,
lelvtng their own sufferers to their own
device! by means of large public and
have taken
place in each of the six provinces. The
Sost important conflict tdok place
March 16 in Santa Clara. The insur
gents under Bermudez, lost ten k cd.
and the Spanish lost two privates killed,
one officer and five privates wounded.
The next day the rebels were engaged
at Polo Morte and Puchano for two
hour? losing fifteen men. The rebels
retreated. The Spanish lost Captain
\llende and three privates and five oth
ers were severely wounded. General
HerndeY de Velasco is concentrating
trSps in Pinar del Rio. where he will
immediately begin active operations.
OKLAHOMA BANDITS
ROB A CONGREGATION.
GUTHRIE, Okla.. March 19.— Four
masked men rode into the little town
of Paney, Woods County, last evening,
and finding practically the entire pop
ulation attending revival services at
the Methodist church, proceeded to hold
up the congregation. The minister
was praying when the robbers ap
peared at the door, and they waited for
him to conclude before they stated
their mission. Then came the order.
"Hands up," which was promptly
obeyed by every person In the house.
While two of the bandits covered tne
victims with revolvers the other two
"took up a collection," not sparing
even the preacher, from whom they
got $3 or $4. The few nickels and
dimes that had been taken no by the
deacons at the previous collection were
also taken.
After gathering in all the money and
watches in the church two of the rob
bers visited the stores of the town and
took all the money in sight, while the
other two herded the townspeople in
the church. All four then rode south
into the hills. A posse is in pursuit,
but with small hopes of overtaking
them.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL,.
Mrs E Pelgram. N V B Guggenheim, Japan
Miss Pelgram, NY J G Follansbee. Mcx
L C Krueger, Chicago R Anderson, Mexico
E j Knapp, Syracuse J "VV Feigherty &w, O
J A Reeves, Salt Lake F M Johnson. St Louis
D D Mayo, Denver " C H Brownell & w.lnd
G H Crosby, Omaha Mrs Sheldut & m.Mass
R M Shearer, Clnn A D Parker, N V
F P Spier, San Jose D Levy, New York
L A Crane. Sta Cruz E L Jenks & w. R I
L Horberger, NY W H Staley. Pittsburg
J F Donahue, Albany Mayor & Mrs. Ewing,
D Jarvis & W. Detroit Pittsburg
Mrs S J Creswell, Pa J G Orr, Pittsburg
Mrs B Sherwood, N V W H Elliott, w. 2 c &
Miss J Grosvenor, NT 2 mds, New York
Mrs M Thomson, N V A B Beckwith, Mont
H H Hungerford, NY M E Graves, w & m,
S H Emanuel, NY New-York
L Nussbaum, NY 1 Mrs M D Abbott, N V
H-Lillenfeld, Chicago C A Coone, Boston
L F Graham & w, Cal L B Jones, Chicago
H E Craig, Rocherter G Cromwell, w & m.
Miss Criag, Rochester New York
A M Malthy, w, md & HA Page & w, Boston
c, Chicago - C C Yoe &w, Chicago
H Dlsque Colfax H M Beall, Portland
T T Gusson. Phila FA Kenny, Portland |
C C Murphy & w. N V W H Miller & w, Mich
S O Blair. Chicago C R Day & w, R I
C H Hlldreth, Chicago T Derby, New Almadn
J H Curran, N V S M Isley, Milwaukee
F S Henry. Cleveland J Ludes, Chicago
P R Lance, Cleveland I J H Carrington. NY
E J Ensign, -Los A»S I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H Bates.' Oakland W D Davis, : Goat Isl
Mrs H Bates, Oaklnd Mr Stuart. 1492 Co
\V P Smith, Colo Spg D W Mahine.'.S Jose
Mrs Smith. Colo Spg J G Lewis, Salinas •
Mrs J Cobb Colo S Mrs J. Stubbs. Hollstr
Miss Oobb. <:010 ScglMrs H Wright, Hllstr
J Kahn, Plymouth i Mrs W Holllngberry.
M E Harris, Oaklnd > Hollister. •
T Newman, Alameda Mrs J A RInKOT.Bstn
C Brod«r.; Los Ant; I T W Cole, Chicago
Miss Broiler, Los "Ang W T Mack. Denver
Miss C A Miller. N V Mrs "VV r Mack.Dnvr
J G Miller. NY T F Malley, Chicago
G P Bowles, NY F. Norton, Chii^ago
C F Maedir, AnglF Bacon, BTjton
•EH Qulmby- ■ Mo |W Emmett, HolUtar
• . .' - GRAND HOTEL.
H F Cousen &w, S J W V Hill, Cal . \,'
C Adams & w. Oaklnd L H Omme. Phoenix
E E Bush, Fresno " Miss M AMoecup, Pa.
E E Armstrong & t, F-.Wetherbee & w, Bos
Seattle . s N D Smith, Va
H E Barber. Stockton J R Payne & w, Bostn
N Clark & w. Spokane C M Ilsley, Wilwaukee
H Williams, Cal F A Dixson. w & c,
, R Hunt, . Kenwood -:' I- S Jose
G W Peters, Cal '- •-- t M Simpson, ; Pasadena
Miss A C Campbell, F R Chaddock, Pa
Alaska " . ; - F J Beandon, S Jose
R D Gray, Salt Lake J R Hahn. St Louis
. W Shaw, ■ Sacto v :" F B Granger, Alvarado
• NEW WESTERN HOTEL. ;
Mrs Gatley, Cal ' C Johnson, Carson
W Watson & w, Cal H M Smith, -Fresno
•F. W Delhi.. Cal :. .. A G Rogers & Olym
T C Nicholson, S Cruz A J Crawford & d, O
G Hatch. Oakdale * " P A McAndrew, Minn •
L D Baxter. S Rosa ! E Knox. Stockton '.
M Collingwood, Dtxon, H A Brown, . lowa .
■ J Anderson. P Costa J "Valmore, ; Kan
1 P Hartley. • Visalia f JW. Saunders &w. Pa
Mrs B L Freeman, Cal I F. A Beach, N V ; •
y: v r - ADVERTISEMENTS. ■ - _■,_._ __
~m*mm METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS. ji imjj
■M ":^TjPP NO PAIN! NO PAIN! "H^
OB i -' Mppaail We will cive ?■'"'■■ If Ei £.
Jam I S) MM ■iLL I SJ we cannot extract your *fIW/ -^f &■«
; \^a *B^ fi Nli I M teeth without pain. r ~A S|
IJm'L.BrafcJrtMC Filled. Crowned, Ez- »»J?!^^^^B
■ : ".■■:-;.- . - ;-.-j :ptin:V -'*>-'-'' .-■■■-«<a>.' ' ;■."*-■"■■.". -r,s ■ ■-■"^
Gold Fining5.V........... ........'..From 75c || Silver Fillings ••• : .v--v- v i"V--"-V" F F^f 1 ,. 2 5?
Plates Warranted to Fit.. ...V.. .::;:..:. V'"\"Vi^?i.
KLONDIKERS-If your Teeth need attention It will be to your advantage to give us
a call. WE WILL SAVE YOU MONEY. _ » tf ■ '
TEETH WITHOUT PLATES, per tooth • •••••• rom |3.50
GOLD CROWNS, 22-k •• • ............From $3.50
■ ALL U/ORK' tA/ARRANTEO.
issb' ET* ant 7^lo 3 10r^unS a ys till 4. k ,;; : ■ Telephon^Mlnt 16M.
METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS.
OPPOSITE PHELAN MONUMENT. 7— MARKET ST.-92 7 :
T. S. HIGGINS. D.D.S.
" * ■ • ' '' . ' ' ' " . . . .
DECLARES IT
HYPOCRITICAL
Michael Davitt on the Pre
tended Friendship of
the English.
Quotes Organs of the Aristoc
racy During the Venezu
elan Dispute.
Asserts That th« Anglo - Saxon In
America Is a Myrth, and Allud«s
to Home Rulo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 19.— A lively con
troversy has been taking place between
Michael Davitt and the Daily Chroni
cle by Mr. Davitt's attack on the sug
gested alliance between the United
States and Great Britain. The Chroni
cle which, up to the present, has been
the most friendly paper toward the
Irish, rebuked Mr. Davitt in its Issue
of yesterday for his cable message to
a New York newspaper saying it will
"ill serve the Irish cause." and declar
ing that It is absolutely untrue that the
English ruling classes are in sympathy
with Spain and hostile to America.
Mr. Davitt retorts with a letter which
will be published on Monday, buttress
ing his statement that the ruling class
are hostile to America. He quotes the
•'organs- of the aristocracy" during the
Venezuelan dispute and inquires how
they can be reconciled with "the pres
ent hypocritical professions of friend
ship toward the republic?"
Continuing, Mr. Davitt asserts the right
of Irishmen to voice independent views
of Great Britain's foreign policy "In
spite of the wishes of the English
friends of home rule." and asserts that
t&e Anglo-Saxon in America is a
myth, and makes the statement that
Irishmen, Germans, Frenchmen, Dutch
men and Norwegians constitute three
fourths of the Americans of to-day, and
that the children of these races "will
not permit their Government to form
an alliance with that power which is
distrusted by every civilized people, an
alliance which would seriously impair
the unique moral influence she exer
cises among all nations owing to her
pacific and non-aggressive Internation
al policy."
34
PRACTICALLY
NO DEFENSE
FOR CLARK
Only Three Witnesses
Called by His
Attorneys.
__v
Testiiled That the Fratri
cide's Reputation
Was Good.
Closing Arguments or Counsel
l'i'i|un and Almost
Concluded.
QUILT CLEARLY PROVED.
Only tho BloqVlTlOO Of IHn Lawyers
Staitvlu Uotwoou th<-« Mmi and
tlxo Nuuan.
Special t •>!«!'»« eh to Tho Call.
NAI'A. March IS. The evtd««nce for
and aglnsi Qsorsjs dark is ail In and
the defendant's Ufo. now rests only on
!::.■ it tomey*S words.
The defense was s surprise, not be
oanae of Its character, but because at
its practical aboonoo. There was node
fense When tho prosecution dosed the
defense waived an opening statement,
and when defendant's witnesses were
(.illi-il .ill they Oame to say was that
George Clark held s fair reputation In
the town of St. Helena, but the wit
nesses did not know <•>? the defendant's
tlons With his sister in law.
That -was all, and all of this Mr. Bell
admitted. He was not trying Clark's
character, he said, and he would ad
mit that witnesses could bo found to
say it was good. Three witnesses were
all the defense could put on, and the
testimony of two more was admitted
by iho District Attorney; With that the
defense rested.
For tWO hours Mr. Hell spoke of his
rase, * it was .1 clear and carefully
worded argument, drawing home point
after point until the shadow of the gal*
lows lay on the court room and the de
fendant clutched the chair in front of
him and tried not to hoar what was be
ing said. Mr. Bell made no denunciation
of the prisoner. He stuck to hi* cose
and the testimony he had introduced.
There was no need for denunciation;
the case as Bell present© j it was de
nunciation enough, for it followed the
man from the time the murderous im
pulse came to his mind until ho lay in
jail for the murder of his brother. Step
by stop the District Attorney went on
through the fabric of lies the murderer
had built around bis crime, and false
hood by falsehood he tore the structure
apart and drove home the proof, of
guilt. '^r ; :
Mr. Hogan answered him. and con-
Fumed the remainder of the time un
til adjournment. He spoke principally
i>f the presumption of innocence and
the requirement that Clark must be
proved guilty beyond a reasonable
doubt before there could be a convic
tion.
amenta will be resumed on Mon
day, and the ease will bo to the Jury
Monday afternoon.
Mrs. Daisy Daks was called first in
the morning to tell how she had heard
some one rattHns some tins in the
kitchen, and, peeping through the key
hole, she thought she saw George
Clark.
Mr. Osbourn waa called out of order
bj the .lefense to teetlfj llark'a
character, which, he said, \\;»s good.
The defense called .1. H. Steves, a
hardware merchant of St. Helena. He
had known the defendant about six
years, and believed his reputation was
good; but he had never heard the pris
oner's reputation discussed, nor did he
know, prior to the murder, George
Clark's relation* with his brother's I
wife.
Rev. James Mitchell, who has resided
In St. Helena since lv; r:'. testified that
the prisoner's reputation was, on the
whole, good. M. C IfacDonald, a
wheelwright, who has lived in St. He
lena for sixteen years, aid he had nev
er board anything against the reputa
tion of the defendant
This closed the case for the defense.
It had not lasted a half hour.
STRYCHNINE SENT TO
WIFE BEATER LAMB.
Yuba County Officials Believe He
Intended to Murder His
Family.
MARYSVTLT.T3, Karoo 19.— A week a*.-*
Joseph Ijiunb, ft Portuguese farmer re
fJd!ng r.oar Oregon Rouse, was commit
ted to the Yuba County Jail tO serve
fifty days for battery committed upon
his xvlfo. Thar* arrived at the Sheriff's
office to-day a park i sent to 1-,-vmb
from Bealeta, the contents of which load
the officers to believe thai their prisoner
Intended to poison his family, and that
only his unexpected incarceration frus
trated his plans.
The Depot) who opened the package
found that It contain**! strychnine s\jfTs
ci«v.;t to kill all the people In Yuba Coun
ty. Lamb's eldest son, who resides In
Per.iel*, no doubt purc.hasea tho poison
ar.d sent It to his father,' not leorn^is
Dl hia arrest, l^omb's wif*> refuse*! to
r*oviv«> the pack:Mrt\ and it was re
turned to the jail. The poison was pur
chased of K. Kboerlin, a Bcntcia. drug*.'
tfst.
The jwndtnjr away for poison mC% ■ of
no {mod Intention en LaaaVa part.
Sheriff Donahua has Instructed tho
Sheriff of Solano County to lntcr\*iew
Lamb Jr. and the dnisjetst and ajft the
nsAtt^r In the bottom. The o:Hc«rs are
In hop#* of obtaltttac a letter that passed
betTrwn father and son, which may hint
.at the purposes for which the poison
was Intended. Lamb bears an unen-
TiSJ>lo roputatiiwi. * •v.
:; *
FRESNO CONSIDERING
A RAILWAY PROJECT.
Chamber of Commerce Ready to
Work for the Proposed Line
to Monterey.
FRESNO, March IS.-<A xaeeUa* of the
executive commtttos.ef th« . Chamber of
Ootnsaexeo was hesd this afternoon for the
purpo?* of proouriiu? rights of way for
<:■.<> propose Monterey and Fresno Rail- 1
road. The projoctors of the' road ha\*w
b<vn in this cli^* for several days pn?i«j
lag plaiwi, for the proposal line, wlUch
they •übnittttfJ to th«» Chaxab*r of Cora«
m*rv-* to-d*J<\ Th# road will b« dJrert to
Mont*r*y, «r.vi will b« butU sxrnijrht to
Fir<*«tt«b, in this county* wh«rw tt -trill
cros* th« ffan Jo«<jutn rlx^r and then p»&s
thr\ns(th Madcra. County.
The Ohamlw «f Coiaiaorc* Took no ac
tion y##t*t\l*,v runher than -to notify the
pro«vu«ri> »t tho rond to ajprvwu- before i
th« chai«b«r attvt en>l*ln their prwjxasl- \
• iv'.r. ctvir.e a*»\trar.c^ that it m a boo* ?
nAe project. - When that is <s©na th«
Vhmnr cf Osruafrc* promised it \rouM j
•recur* th« necessary rights. of way. j
HOW THE
GANG DOES
POLITICS
An Imaginary Mass-
Meeting Held at
San Jose.
Those in Attendance Ap
poar to Have Num- ,'-'
bered Four.
Even Thoso Men Differ as to
When tho Mooting
Convened.
NAMED A CITY TICKET.
Orymi of tho Hiny Roporta tho Con
i:l«v» Ms m Conferenoo of Many
Culldidlltos.
Bpcctal IMnpatch to Th« Call.
SAN JOSE. March 19. — How machine
politics arc manipulated in star-cham
ber proceedings by the "gang" is being
Strikingly illustrated at this juncture.
It has been persistently asserted by
every one familiar with tho methods
of the ringSters that every independent
candidate who tiled his petition and
intends to run In opposition to the
nominees of the New Charter Club was
cither a creature of the bosses or would
be used by the latter as a catspnw.
Events of the past few days «re fully
justifying that sweeping charge.
In the Mercury, the organ of the
"gang," there appeared an editorial
this morning in which occurred the fol
lowing:
"A meeting was held yesterday at
which were present nearly all the per
sona who have been named as Inde
pendent candidates to bo voted for at
the coming city election. The meeting
was at the instance of the business
men and taxpayers, who are anxious
that the affairs of the municipality at
this Important crisis shall be placed in
the hands of competent and honest
men, who will administer them Impar
tially and without regard to party pol
itics or ring connections."
Continuing, this editorial. Assaulting
English grammar and further mutilat
ing the truth, said:
"The result of the meeting, no far as
results were obtained, were eminently
satisfactory. The ticket no far as
agreed upon Is as follows: For City
Clerk, J. w. Cook; for City Treasure^
J. x. Swing; for members of the Ap
pointing Board— Rush MoComas, Henry
Booksin ST., A. G. Bennett, Paul P.
Austin, Milton Campbell, Al Col, Frank
Stock, Elmer Chase, F. K. Spencer. J.
K. Secord, John Lellier, F. D. Hartman,
C. D. Wright and 11. J. Pikes,"
Here were sixteen men named as
having been selected at ft meeting
called "at the Instance of the business
men and taxpayers," at which there
"were present nearly an the persons who
have been named as Independent candi
dates."
A stran.ce thing: In connection with
this meeting, vaguely described in tho
editorial columns of the "ruhr" oriran,
was that there .was no report of it in
the local columns of the paper. Ani
mated by the deaire to give the. people
of San Jose the details of so Important
an affair as this meeting appeared to
have been, the correspondent of Tho
Call made a personal canvass of the
candidates named In the Mercury edi
torial, nearly all of whom wore. Bald
to have been present at the- inept
The facts and circumstances Bought for
were those usually given in buna rule
reports of bona tide meetings. An effort
was made to learn who had called the
meeting, who had been invited to at
tend it, how the call had boon Issued,
who wore present, where it WM held,
who presided and what was done.
Only three men could be found in the
city who had attended the alleged
meeting, and each of these differed
from the two others as to the day on
which the meeting "called by the busi
ness men and taxpayers" had been
hold. It was further ascertained thai
ten at least of the sixteen named in
the Mercury editorial were not present
at the "meeting," that four had abso
lutely no knowledge of the "mooting"
having been called, and no one could
tell who had called the "meeting,"
Nobody could be found who could or
would give a straightforward account
Of the "meeting." Some interesting
short stories were obtained, however,
In the course- of the interviews had with
some- of the men who had been In
dorsed at the "meeting:"
Frank Stock was not at the "meet-
Ing;" He had been asked to be pres
ent, but would not give the name of the
gentleman Who extended him the In
vitation.
j. N. Ewlng was not there, and he
had not had notice of any meeting.
J. w. Cook told th.- same story.
Rash McComas was at the "meet
ing;." Ho said that Paul P. Austin
presided a.nd that it was held in the
offlce of C. D. Wright, either on
Wednesday or Thursday. This was all
that ho could be induced to tell. lie
referred the interviewer to Paul P.
Austin for further particulars.
Wright said that he was present at
the "mooting" only part of the time,
and was not there when the slate was
made up as announced in the Mercury.
He declared that the "meeting** was
held yesterday (Friday) 'afternoon.' Re
said that he did not know who had
called it. His clerk had told him that
his ofiftei* was wanted, and he had sim
ply consented to the use of his office.
To his recollection neither Lefller. Se
cord r.or Fikes were present.
F. V Spencer was too sick to be pres
ent.- . ■ -4 : .:l'''-:*v£>
-Milton Campbell was not there, and
had no notice of any meetlnjr.
Al Col's story was a repetition of
Campbell's.
A. G. Bennett \ms there, but declined
to say anything about the "meet
except that it was held Thursday. So
far as he could remember Hartmaa was
not present.
Accepting In irood faith the ctate
ments of McComas. 1 Wright and Ben
nett, In spite. of some Rlarinj? dSscrep
andes therein, there were four men
present at this "meeting;,*' called "at
the Instance of the business mea and
the taxpayers" and nt which w<?re
present, aecordiair- to the Mercury,
"nearly all the persons who haw beec
nar.«ni as independent candidates to
be voted for at . the cob - cltj^ »iov
tlon." There are some who are wU'ingr
to wajrer that Ren and ; Maekens>«» can
tell • more about this pntherjtsjr Than '
any of the men who claim to have been
present.
It Is this ticket, belnjr nam^J inflnia
peculiar ir».nr.er. - that the Mercurs*
says "*WOI receive the hcartv support
of every, voter who deslr*s to eliminate
persoaal politics froni the "administra
tion of municipal affairs and to.ss« the
provisions of th«» new charter put into
practical effect."
THE SAN 1 HAXCIBCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
WILETT HELD
WITHOUT BAIL
Must Answer for the Mur
der of Andrews at
Baden.
Appears In Court Without
Counsel at His Preliminary
Examination.
Sheriff Mwnsfteld Telia of Admlaaions
Mhilo to Him by the
Suapeot.
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
REDWOOD CITY, March 18.— The
preliminary examination of James
AVllett for the murder of C. A. An
drews was held to-day before Justice
of the Peace Hannon of this place. The
people were represented by District
Attorney Walker, while Wild, appear
ed without counsel. The defendant
said he was ready to proceed and that
at this staff? Of the proceedings he did
not desire an attorney.
Patrick Ferriter was called as a wit
ness for the prosecution. He said he
knew Wilett, who at on« time stopped
at his hotel in Jladeri and who lor a
time worked for him. Ferriter described
the attempted robbery of himself In the
Grand Hotel on the morning of Novem
ber IT by Winters and Raymond, and
told how he grappled With the robber
and. together with others in the house,
trot him down on the floor* He told of
Andrews coming out with a light and
at the shooting of Andrews by Ray
mond.
Charles Richardson, a conductor and
motorman on the electric railroad run
ning from Holy Cross Cemetery to Ba
den station, testified that on the after
noon of November 16 he noticed three
men on the road going toward Baden,
two of whom he recognized as Winters
and Raymond. The third man he could
not Identify! and he would not swear
that Wlleti was the one. This third
man was the largest of the three.
Richardson made another round trip
and on his return again saw the men
nt the Baden station. When be last
saw them they were going toward
South San Francisco.
Thomas Preen was called and upon
taking the stand was recognized by
Wilett, who smiled at him. Breen tes
tified that he knew Wilett and had
worked with him at the packing works I
in South San Francisco. The last lime
lie p:iw defendant was on the afternoon
of the 16th of November at the Baden
station* Breen was on. the way to San
Francisco and was waiting at the sta
tion for the electric cars. WJlelt tame
alongi iping toward South Pan Fran
cisco. He was 1 alone -t the 1 time and
did not stop, although spoken to. He/*
however; recognised Breen.
Sheriff Mansfield narrated - confes
sion or admission made by Wilett to
htm. In which Wileti said that the three
men — Wilert, Raymond i»»»d Winters —
had left together for South Fan Frnn
cisco for the piimcse of robbing the
Orfind Hotel. Wilett desired to leave
the place when the bp*':ing of th" clog
n roused Ferriter. but the other men^aiq
that they were there for business and
were going to see If through.
This completed the testimony and the
Justice hold the defendant wlthmit ball
to hnswer to the charge of murder;
If all men were careful to
I^^^^^ watch themeelves and note
j4^^^ *k e signs of debility creep-
J^ -^Ik. ing upon them few would
£ need the advice or dis-
£/ The lirSt* /*\ coveries of physicians. The
if !•; misfortune is that men never i
I aS Well aS the mOSt \ "Halt" until they are
m \l brought face to face with !
I Important, Symptom Of 1 the "Net Result," and then |
I J it is either too late or a very j
|\" a NerYOBS Wasting DIS I badjob. M Prematurity is
l\ "* m the first and most important I
\, Order. See for II symptom to show itself on
V^ II the man who has been a dis- j
lOUrSelf* m sipator — one who has abused
dp nature. When this prema- j
/p ture condition is noticed one I
-s&^ may also have a pain in the
-i^a»^^^ back, or a pain in the shoul-
lu " nwli" 11 '" .er blades, or a pain up and
down the backbone. These j
are sure signs of debility. Now it makes small difference whether you weigh ISO j
pounds or 105. If you are not careful Nervous Prostration will ensue. Your
best plan will be to
write to the doctors of
Hudson Medical Institute
and learn about their
discovery, HUDYAX. That j^
IS the name, HUDYAX, and Jf fHiDfiFS A.
it is a peculiarly grand dis- If 'NU tflAKUt\ X
covery, for it will stop the m * -^®v-^o<-
oozing or wasting in 30 I * r 1 v
days. It cures Prematurity, l\ tOflSflli tnC \l
cures Varicocele, Hvdrocele, I „ . ««. . » ... * II
Spermatorrhoea and Pros- I IlfluSOn JueOlCal Institute I
tatis. hudyax win stop I Doctors Free. I
a pain in the back in 20 w m
minutes. No one can give V -^«v-^ss^- jm
you or sell to you this HUD- . M
VAX except' the Hudson \ CHARGES. M
Medical Institute doctors. If • 4f
you can call, do so. If not,
write for HUDYAX Circu-
lars and Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, \
Ellis, Stockton and Market Streets.
DAMAGE DONE
ONLY IN SPOTS
Results of Jack Frost's
Visitation in Yolo
County.
Some Sections Report Little
Injury From tho Cold
Wave.
In One Oroh«rd, However, Nlnety
flva Per Cent of the Apricot
Buds Were Nipped.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 19.— tem
perature In this county appears to be
very irregular and streaked. For in
stance, in one part of the county this
morning: there was scarcely any frost,
while In another section the frost was
the heaviest of the season. In the
vicinity of Woodland, in some orchards
the damage was very serious, but in
others it was slight.
j In one orchard and vineyard of 160
acres just south of Woodland the dam
age is not very serious. At Capay there
was but little frost this morning 1 ; and
no 'further damages are reported. The
frost at Knights Landing was quite
heavy, and much damage resulted. At
Winters the frost was very light.
The opinion now is that the first re
ports of damages were exaggerated.
Nevertheless the apricot and almond
crops are seriously Injured. From the
Yolo Orchard the most discouraging re
ports come. The frost this morning
was the heaviest of the season, and
the temperature was lower than it has
been at any time this month. Both
Mr. Kells, the superintendent, and E.
J. DePue, one of the proprietors, are
of the opinion that 95 per cent of the
apricot buds and 75 per cent of the al
mond buds are dead. The loss Is prob
ably between $40,000 and $50,000.
The prune crop is apparently unin
jured. There has been some damage
to the peach crop, but no approximate
estimate can yet be made. A thousand
stationary fires were kept burning last
night, and five steamers, with a capac
ity of evaporating 100 gallons each per
hour, were kept In operation; neverthe
less, the damage was of a most seri
ous character. ■
■ .-■:-;• ' =
MOUNTAIN LION SEEN
NOT FAR FROM SALINAS.
Trareler Throws Stones at the Ani
mal and Has to Bun fer
His Life.
SAUNAS, March 19.— Joseph Vasquea
was on his way frem ' Monterey to this
city this afternoon. When about half
way over and near the Lacuna Seco his
horse started at some dbjeet in the brush,
lie dismounted and approached a dump
of nmnzanita and saw what he thought
WSJ a wildcat. He threw some stones at
the object, when with a roar a large
mountain lion Sprang out and started up
the side of the hill. Vasques, who was
terribly fright rail for his buggy,
and, plying, the whip, was soon at a 6a f§
illstkne© from" the beast; which had
Stopped on the croft. "' 0 1 " and wa9
looking down. This" Is.thg first time In
ninny yeHrS ll' it a llor. has been seen
so far down In the valley: • ■
WANTED IN
NEW YORK
Dr. William E. Forrest of
Los Angeles Ar
rested.
Accused of Having Robbed a
Gothamite of a Sum
of Money.
Expresses Confidence in His Ability
to Prove the Charge 11l-
Founded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— Dr. "Wil
liam E. Forrest, well known in social
and business circles here and in Pasa
dena, is in a world of trouble. Dr. For- !
rest has been arrested on a telegraphic
order from New York City, charging
him with grand larceny. The telegram
Is signed by Captain McC'lusky, head
of the detective force of the metropolis.
The arrest of Forrest was made imme
diately after the receipt of the tele
gram, and he is well known, and de
tectives at once took him into custody, j
The telegram from New York states ;
that there is a warrant issued charging i
Dr. Forrest with stealing $2500 from
Alexander McAlfee of 50 Broadway,
that city.
An effort ■was made to-day to cause
Dr. Forrest's release on a writ of ha
beas corpus. The proceedings were
taken before Judge Van Dyke, but the
writ was denied on the ground that it
would not be to the best ends of Jus
tice. This evening the Chief of Police
received another telegram from the
New York police department. Instruct
ing him to hold Forrest, as an officer
would start at once with the proper
requisition papers to bring him back
to New York State.
Full details cannot be obtained as to
the alleged offense with which Forrest
is charged, but it is given out in a gen
eral way that he is concerned in a stock
speculation which invi/lved a shortage
of $50,000.
Dr. Forrest came to this city some
years ago. He bore the best of creden
tials, and was admitted in the most
exclusive society circles. He was a
widower, and it was understood that
he was very wealthy. He married a
well-known Pasadena lady, formerly
Mtefl Katherlne Klmball. He pur
chased a handsome residence on Twen
ty-seventh street, in the very "ffwell
est" part of the city, and has been
since residing there with his wife. Un
til now there has not been the slightest
breath of BWSpldon that there was any
thing wrong with Dr. Forrest, and his
arrest comes as a great surprise to all,
and more particularly to his wife.
Further than stating that he will be
able \o honorably extricate himself
from nig present difficulty, Dr. Forrest
declines to talk.
Bbcklin Woman Missing.
SACRAMENTO, March 19;— On Wednes
day last Mrs. Frank "Wakefleld of Rock-
Un, who was visiting her mother, Mrs. M.
E. Farm, in this city, left the house for a
walk and has not since been heard of.
Relatives of the missing woman Rpplled
to the police for assistance in their search
but all efforts have been in vain. Mrs.
■\Vakefleld, ■who was 25 years old, had been j .
In poor health -and H was 'somewhat de
spondent, and the police are Inclined to
the belief that she has ended her troubles
In the river; •
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBHnu:.
&********* ** ********** ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*^
*& r—j-i £bv-\ j— — vjfiS We can save you money on any and all 1
I <^AS^\U=/A\\ household necessities. 2
: True Grocery Economy* |
s -, The best qualities of pure food products at fhe least money |
! that best qualities can be or ever have been sold for in this city. 4
; List of daily specials on cards in grocery show window. Quick J
! delivery by special grocery wagons. Telephone, South 59. 4
I Emporium Flour, none Cow Brand Soda, i-lb. Best ManzanllioOllves 4
. better, money refund- pkg5...... 6c _ quart.... yZ'""* oc 5
' ed if not satisfactory, Cream Baking Powder Fancy New Queen J
1 per sack 51.15 i-lb. cans ..28c Olives, quart 25c j
' Golden Gate, Drifted Golden Gate Baking DRIED FRUITS. 4
: l^iirt TZTcl^T 0 r Loos. Cluster Raisins «
crovvn ana rort v> oV ai Bakine very cheap at..perlb 6c
f£U™:r£;s K||g^| iSk^i^l
BinER AND EGGS. CORN AND GLOSS STARCH. DehesaClusterßaisins *
The Best Creamery- Niagara or Kingsford's Seeded KifcSsA'ib'pkg^lOc 3
The Best Creamery Niagara or Kingsford's Seeded Raisios.Wb.pkg 10c J
Butter, per square..4oc Cornstarch, 1b... 8c Choice Evaporated 2
Choice Creamery. But/ Gloss Starch Apricots, per lb.-,.. 10c 2
ter, per 5quare........ 35c 1b.:.......... ..............Sc Fancy 'Evaporated 3
Dairy squares or rolls 30c Bulk Gloss Starch, 1b..5C Peaches per Ib I2^c £
Fancy Ranch Eggs, Black F , £ rlb 5C 4
per d0z.... ............ 15c TABLE FRUITS. French Prun^ s> per Ib . *
Choice Ranch Eggs,guar- Peaches 6c. Be, 10c and 20c 2
anteeAper doz 12 " C Pears and ™™£ Golden Dates, 3 lbs. 25c J
TEA AND COFFEE. can ..- 10c Best Fard Dates, lb..ioc
Mocha and Java Cof-. , Col "™ bu I> Table Fn % c SOAPS. J
fee, "compare with : _ all kl " d f» °^rs^Sr Lenox 50ap....-.8 for 25c 2
your 40c purchase," Fancy Pa Imetto Table x . lb . bars Family Soap/ 3
per Ib : 3Sc hruit.all kinds can..i7C each ._ 3C
Golden Rule Blend Cot- Extra FancyHunt sTable EmporiumSavon Soap, «
fee, good value. 1b...30c Fruit,none better^an 27c i-lb. bars, each 4c *
Acme Health Coffee, vrrmm Sand Soap, the best, 2
iJ^-lb. tins, each.. ..22c VtOt IABLt!>. per bar ..^ «
Postum Cereal,"' i-lb. Webb's Succotash, White Swan Soap, like 2
packages, each 25c "money refunded if Ivory, but cheaper 6c 3
Spider - Leg Tea, it don't please you, Crystola, said to be as «
"Matchless," per Ib4&c can - 15c good as Sapolio 5c <
Young Hyson, very j lowa Corn, a good j Splendor, the new <
fine, per Ib 36c | article, can- ......8f 1 cleaner... 3 bars for 25c 2
English Breakfast, "com- . Maine Corn, the best, cniDmwnro 2
pare with 60c goods," can „ ...12^c SOAP POWDER. «
per Ib i....46c Eagle Peas, 3 cans for 25c i Pearline, the small ?
Ideal Oolong, will Columbus Peas, can- 10c size— ......6 for 25c
please you, per 1b... R. H. Asparagus, "the Pearline, the large size, *
finest," per can .....23c each 11c H\
BAKING POWDER and SODA , ,iI/rtll^e, iI/rtI1^ e Boraxaid, i-lb. size, »
Schilling's Best Soda, BULK OLIVES. each.........-...........:8c ♦
Mb. pkgs 4c Good Ripe Olives, qt-isc Boraxaid, 3-lb. size, *
A. & H. Soda, i-lb. Large Fancy Ripe each 20c i
pkgs 6c Olives, quart- 25c 1 Sal Soda... 15 lbs. for 25c
; : : ♦
Y+iirni+urp 4+ his is the stor y 0 * four carloads of «
I UmiLUie AX. good Furniture that came to us at a little ♦
TZireyii-n PrJroc more than half its real value: It was «
.L-Jd-igaill X Ilico* shipped from the Eastern factory to *
another dealer. The consignee refused to take the lot exfept
at an unreasonable reduction. Owner came to us and offered $
the lot at our own figure rather than be "cinched." It's a snap *
for quick buyers. For example. *
Hardwood Mahoganized ] %
Bedroom Suits, like pic- feFf^^SS <
ture, large bevel mirror, |^»^^^^3 c^ ? \ %
heavy carvings, regular sell- T. SZ>*jr3&% , rBBr 88 mm Ty\ +
ing price $22, are --- - \§> 111 I
marked 4>ID»/D vr — >^a=i *
. Handsome, Substantial. mi i to^-j~^==3Js&j^j^ r J^ *
•• Solid Oak Bedroom Suits, -- - £■_ r !'■ ■a> - "^sr 1 *
with very large bevel glass, g " iljlrTl 1 <> *
regular selling price $27, p5"tJ-l, g " <
!r! r l marked $19.75 . ~ ;
* _ %
Carpets^ Rugs and Matting* y
Three articles at "Special Sale Prices," which will go «
very quickly : *
Tapestry Brussels, in special weaves and new dyes, an excep- [~a <
tlonaliy good quality, regularly 75c, this week >}*iC 4
500 rolls of Heavy Canton Matting, not the cheap flimsy kind, but a *
good serviceable floor covering, none sold less than a roll of 40 yards $ r-.SO <
(on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday only), worth 57- s°. tor .. $O'- — *
Hand-made Rugs, 4S inches by 7- inches, fringed both ends, Oriental *
and Persian patterns, in pretty colorings, the very special price as <"*V9S 5
Jong as they last - ~ S'^ — J
— : ; ;—;; — ; — «
Half the Gas— m |
Three Times the Light. y^-A* I
We place on sale to-morrow 5000 more of The Era- /gy* J^S^^i *
poriuin Incandescent Gas Lamps — the . best that can be^- ' M [4-^^* <
made — regular $2 kind— complete with man:!;, «y£- |£^| <
chimney and shade f0r...— .......' '. /DC «s
Erhporiurn Mantles— fit any gas lamp, and should last . *.W±^4s» 1
a year in a private family — makes cost 50c — "yg~ TIM? ]J
ours just as good ~ — £DC .
Best Mica Chimneys ". 25c y 4
On Monday and Tuesday Only. ♦
of the Best Lead Flint Glass Chimneys — the *
1;c — will be sold (not more than two to a cus- C- I
iomer) at : >^C |
We want agents everywhere outside of San Francisco. <
House-Furnishing Economy, |
• A few selections from our large low-priced stock of House <*
Furnishing Goods for special sale Monday and Tuesday, if*
the lot lasts that long. " *
Two-burner Gas Stove of Reliable ♦
•TggTSi^s^ar^yCTHPZi-jSas^ make t economical of fuel— an extra ♦
.^^^aS^fe^ 2^! value at Monday^sand Tues- c < in *
K^Jj^Z^fSrHTnjtj^y day's special price.- _... 5 > .40 *
. r f^~- ._ ' '}\ Imparted German Fancy Tin Spice 2
C_£*-- •*} V Canisters — 5 inches high— /- 4
/; of different spices on the cans — 3C 4
Same "st\-!e Canister— 7 inches high for tea */- <
Imported German Canister, in fancy style, *\s\ /'^^^^SaS %
like oictur? — wi:h hinged cover each — C\JC j|||||j||i=S|>£ *
Soiui-piecs Polished Mstal Corkscrews— goad, A H. J& <
strong and durable, each. 4C g ?^S g 4
. Large-size Wood-Chopping Boards— 17 inches -><* % j s%:^ 3? *
in diameter ...-•../. - ...«...~... X>C l<?*vi; X] ! *
, Metal Combination Cigar Rest © rsi*P «| *
y^ and Ash Receiver combined— can <r\ 2 Vi-tf CS 1
/ (T) \be attached to any table— each... >UC « ££$ % 2
/ \V Gilt Tin Lion Head Match q • 5 ,^§g § 5
S. I Safes — each — ..-...—-..„. OC <> Ig^ X* 4
V iJ Fancy Carved Swiss Bread j^ ■ 4
y if Boards— _ „. 4DC <
j£~~~~-^_% German Polished Wood Fancy J> *
/f^ trimmed Salt Boxes— like -.;- "}£- «A. -^yX^^^, 5
Vrr^n^Kl * io-qcart Steel Enamel Sauce r-Q M J^'^ *
)44=4iUf^ Pans-each.....^..... ........... DOC hV^ * r iM J
r^- — , V W Extra Large Steel Enamel Wash W»S.V*?L« <
fiS^X/J fe. Basins 1 15 inches in diameter)— W-\ ; f <
kuQ^Zs^ each.>™........_.. ...„..„ ...ZlC' i^«wrsV?l *
e^i' ? ~T3^ ?-quart SteeS Enamel Tea cr 25c *■- 1 I
Second Boor, rear. •
The Emporium 1/
and Golden Rule Bazaar. \\ALL IRISH
HEARTS ARE
TRULY LOYAL
Ready to Aid America
in Battling With
Spain.
They Hope the United
States Will .Liberate
Stricken Cuba.
On the Emerald Isle It Is Be
lieved That the Maine Was
Destroyed by Treachery.
THE FIGHT FOR HOME RULE
J. J. Cl«ncy, M. P., Writes an Interest
ing Review of th« Struggle of
Statesmen in the Cause.
By J. J. CLANCY.
DUBLIN, March 6.— 1 have no doubt
that to many persons, but especially
to Irishmen on the American side of
the Atlantic, the name of Standish
O'Grady is very well known. He is a
country gentleman of the County of
Cork, a Protestant, and a Unionist,
who has distinguished himself in the
field of Irish history and Irish ro
mance, and is otherwise a man of
culture and refinement. Hitherto he
has not mixed much in politics, but,
If a little book of his which has just
appeared from the press and bears the
title of "All Ireland" be any guide to
his future, he is certain to be heard of
sooner or later as a leader of Irish
public opinion. What has stirred up
Mr. O'Grady is the movement for the
redress of the financial wrongs of Ire
land, and the brochure referred to
deals with that subject. But 1% is not
with the dry though vitally import
ant details of the financial question
that Mr. O'Grady troubles himself. He
;.- i nncerned with the movement in its
political effects on the Irish nation
itnJ makes it the text for an impas
sioned appeal for national unity. For
ionist he certainly writes in a re
markable strain. No Nationalist couid
write more strongly of English oppres
sion and mlsgovernment. Many of his
statements on that subject have a
flavor of the patriotism of the Irish
party, who won a free Parliament
for Ireland in 1752. • One of the two
maxims on which his book is based
is that "England never yields to jus
tice, but always does to force." The
other maxim is that "Ireland united
is Ireland irresistible." On this latter
PQint he is a thoroughgoing disciple of
Parnell. The theory of the great Irish
leader was that the two great parties
m JPnglsLml have no principle or pur
pose except to get into office or keep
there; that they are both a conglom
eration of opportunity, governed en
tirely by motives of expediency; and
that they can be bought and sold or
B( at on errands by a bold and deter
mined Irish party with a national pur
in view. Hence he looked not to
English parties for success, but to his
own countrymen united in a common
< ause.
This is precisely the way in which
Mr. O'Grady also looks at things, and,
therefore, he counsels all Irishmen to
!>and themselves together on an issue
on which they can all unite without
sacrifice of principle— the first issue of
the kind in his opinion which has arisen
for a hundred years. It is impossible
to exaggerate the fervor of his appeal,
especially that portion of it which is
addressed to his own class. It remains
to be seen what response will be made
t>> it. But that Mr. O'Grady means
to stick to his views is clear, and as
he has just purchased a newspaper —
a respectable Conservative journal, the
Kilkenny Moderator — he will have
plenty of opportunity to develop his
views. Unless lam greatly mistaken
he will, as I hava said, be heard of
again.
The destruction of#the Maine and
the possibilities of war resulting in con
sequence between the United States
and Spain are exciting intense interest
in Ireland. The conviction is pretty
general here that the explosion was
an outrage, and the hope is freely in
dulged that not only will reparation
be enforced but that the American
people will take this opportunity of
liberating Cuba.
It is not an exaggeration to say that
in any war undertaken by the republic
the sympathies of Ireland would go un
hesitatingly and whole-heartedly with
the starry flag. But to crush old-world
tyranny and root it utterly out of the
new world is an object that commends
itself specially to the Irish heart.
When the Independent, the organ of
the Independent Nationalist party, ex
pressed the other day the opinion that,
if the republic called on this occasion
for the help of its Irish citizens, they
'would in tens of thousands leap into
the very Tan of the army of libera
tion," it unquestionably gave expres
sion to genuine Irish feeling. Nor can
there be any doubt that, if war results,
there will be plenty of excitement here,
too, the more especially if England
takes, as it is so apt to do, the anti-
American view. Indeed, it will be a
very lively year in Ireland if the '98
celebrations should be accompanied by
pro-American and anti-Spanish demon
strations, and if the Irish-Americans
who are expected here a few months
hence in thousands should take part in
both.
An event which, for the last couple
of weeks, has excited intense feeling
not only in Dublin, but throughout Ire
land, will come off at next Monday's
m<-.-ting of the Dublin corporation. The
office of City Marshal is vacant and
one of the candidates is Mr. John How
ard Parnell, M. D., brother of the great
Irish leader. The fact that Mr. Par
nel! in compelled by stress of circnm
stances to seek such a post has itself
created a painful sensation, and it cer- I
tainly. dr.es no credit to Ireland. No
member of the Parnell family ought to
be left by the country in a position of
pecuniary embarrassment. Some time
ago, indeed, a movement was set on
foot for the benefit of the family and
for the purpose of preserving for it. the
ancestral home in Avondale; but from
one cause or another it was not suc
cessful.
The distracted state of Irish parties
prevented a successful issue, and now
Mr. Parnell, as I have said, is obliged
to seek an office in the gift of the cqr
poration of Dublin. As I write it seems
doubtful whether or not he is looking
for it in vain. If the members of the
corporation were voting openly instead
of by ballot there could be no doubt of
the result. Public opinion would "be too
etrong for almost any man among
them. But they vote by ballot in the
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOMTO^^l^J^^^^^
Professor K ; rchner's Orchestra of Lady Soloists will give a delightful Concert here next Friday afternoon.
Delorme's "Farmhouse Interior/ comp an - on riece to The Blacksmith/ on view from Monday, March 28.
• Beautiful Easter Cards and Booklets — on display and sale— Book. Department, back of Rotunda. ' ;'_
T f* *
soft hats that are going to be ■* . . , ' ■ . '■ . ' -• ■ for g ngw _ t ljsh
nX'hs T d h U e n Daniap!Kn C o O x m a n nd Takes place during the coming week. We shall inaugurate what we propose shall be serviceable shoe. ' This is
/^\ 5 ; a much-lopked-for event each spring hereafter. The great store is in "gala attire. Es- our exhibition week's off er-
a, OU $TT 5 nn o b g?ade S : & much-looked-for event each spring hereafter. The store is in gala attire. Es- our exhibition week's offer-
Em t o h rh.m peda ' pecially resplendent is the immense Dry Goods Department. A magnificent display is ladies' Fine
emporium <t^ p_.v*i_nijr i^^y •. . 1; ■ . , , V . A cw« v, *
(ftssm^p pnee 0f... $2 made wit.i hundreds of cases of spring merchandise opened during the past week— f o ' d ss o f v:'"u :' " JQ *
Hats, the latest stvie^and^ goods selected by our organization of buyers from the products of the best-known w! 3f£Ul JB#
° r a s ,ul n a 3. I^Erpo^aC manufacturers in Europe and America. - j- .^-j.-/^;
price... 52.35, $1.35 and > . .V - ' ; / ;^ _,^ tips. These goods X==r^l3^ >
:sSsl*ssgZ Astonishing Money-Saving Chances ■ ._ arg S;M
! Children's Golf Caps, 50c qual- <ic f , : , x ; ;.'.  - : .  v. them during exhibition week at
: o UVaHaiv;in"srsa m r E^ Are offered by each department to intensify the buying interest and make memorable ■ .* . -■«
: ?M__ssss~s«i'S!:'6sc tne mO important of California's spring mercantile events. • . , >p>«/>J«
' Hat Department Near Elevator, Main Floor • *.* ' ; , ; . — — — _ . ____— — . — : — — — ; ; . ~~
Th yV n t -.ahoratelv and beautifully decorated with \ A gredt display and offering this Wee ,Of the neW The most brilliant display of Easter Millinery and Neck
The department elaborately and beau^uny^ , really hlgh _ c , ass ncs for Spring of '98. Thou- Ribbons ever attempted in this city. The entire main entrance
; the new biiK raDrlCi> '^"^ 11 he Quantities of the many exclu- sands of pieces of the very choicest, bought and priced to the rotunda will be festooned in thousands of yards of elegant
: nOt Matter nsare limited so that costumes chosen from them as though there had been no large advance in tariff wide ribbons— and ribbons will enter largely into the general
1 cannot become common. 'There are so many kinds, that if you since ast spring— Among the correct weaves that Will decorative scheme for exhibition week. •
! spend but a few minutes examining each one a day could easily be -Shown this week are: " A O / f_Tl*f f r\££
;be consumed in this section of the store alone. Bayaderes, Grenadines, French Chatties/ Whip Cords J\ 006013,1 KiDDO-l KJIIZX.
'tt > A +^^io"Ui-i« < s<Ttr fnr MondaV^ • Cheviots, Tweeds, \t-\ Pebble Cloths; Vigerauxs, -~
: Here an Astonishing Silk Special for Monday. chwwh, Etamines> Covert Cloth> : Berbers. 10000 yard s of Superb Heavy All-silk Wide Rib-
1 coo yards of toned Jacquard Figured Silk— Crepons, Poplins, London ' Diagonals. bons for Easter Dress purposes— Jacquard weaves,
! full 22 inches wide— all very handsome designs and At 25c-38-inch Mohair and Wool Cheviot in 21 spring Bayadere stripes, Ombre edges and shaded stripes—
: charming color effects— regular price $1.50 $ J effeC At 35c- 4 0-inch Fancy Mottled^Suiting in .5 spring effects. embodying all the syndicate colorings. Com- 25 C
; per yard. On special sale for Monday only at *r At 50c - 40-inch Fancy Jacquard Armures— 7 spring effects. mencing to-morrow, and until sold, per yard. . . -^^^
Jj- (Positively none sold to the trade). ■ At 44-inch All-Woo! Sharkskin Suiting in 7 new col- ■ . .. — _ __ ___ — . .
!-i: Splendid Assortment of Grenadines, ° ng Ats*.oo— 46-inch Aii-Woor Satin Royal— a new fabric— in _S?"^'e^tafl^(__^"«r/a\®fli /p*\im
: The impressive part of the Grenadine Stock is the large 7 colorings. Mz^Sp LTEI LJ E>JE Erfcit3y[ff^-i 1&W
• number of kinds that there are here to choose from and we ■ And hrrr t<* thp hpst Jmk -,-._. ff?/i^jf^sLj* f\M\/7
: ily receiving new additions fr ° m « h e foreign and do.estic Dress Goods Special . Alt Elf BW W^M -
; producers. Plain Grenadines— 24 Inches wide.. "• 75C 50 c S t o 2 $i WcVc CVer' offered. . The Decorative^ Art Embroidery Department is at all times
! g! 3^ 1 - 31 " G/radiG /r adin 5?nT- 2 l n fn h c e hefwide 50c to $1 We Ye ever Ottered. The Decorative Art Embroidery Department is at all times
; Bl2ek sSsS?GSSd3-rS^»3i« •:, For Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday Only, if an interesting and instructive one. We carry a most complete
> Black All-silk Plain Grenadines— 44 inches wide................... v . .51 t0 51.50 : quantity lasts that long— 2B pieces 53-inch All-Wool assortment of Linen Doylies, Scarfs, Table Covers, ■ Center
» Black All-silk Striped and Brocaded Grenadines-44 inches wide...si to >*au Worsted Serge— navy and black Only— as gOOd a value Pieces, etc.,. stamped in the latest floral, geometrical and con-
: Two Items in Wash Silks. as you ever had at 7t c the yard-for" the , days. ■ 37ic Up WsWlm™&:
" 20-inch Kalki Wash Silk-best quality-per yard-........................^.-..50c M/»vtr C\*\ v>r^<+ <4+*r>c Cotton Cushion Cords to match.
; 24-inch All-silk Wash Surahs, in a large assortment of color combina- __ c J.N6W VJd,rnitUlCS* Our Yarn Stock complete— Spanish, Saxony, Shetland,
' cn^'TrL^M^in ' * ""' ' - • Three items from San Francisco's choicest collection of the .Floss, Fairy Floss, Mohair, Merino, Yarn, 'Zephyrs etc.
:IK m Maln newest styles -of Dress Trimmings in braids, gimp and garnitures. " Lessons given in Embroidery, Battenberg Point Lace or
» — •■ ; jet and Colored Spangled Blouses on net-latest designs-52.75 each Crochet Work— class lessons Tuesday and Friday afternoons.
"%. t : . ' and upward. * ; ■ Here's an exhibition week special from this department :
« i^ / * _pr^73tf_3_*^sJ^B3 _3SS*3£ ' . Narrow Turquoise and Jet Bead Trimming — the new style— 25. ■ ' DoWII Cushion Special
' [_r_e?___iMEl__^ P^^l^P K2JW > /?'■ ■ s » Narrow Hohiton and Spangled Trimming in a large variety of <-> 1 MondaY and Tti6sda.V Only.
' S^— ■<»§ Mr — r ■r __h^- P^Sli^r% <^fl^?'^S)^? > ' colors Der yard wiiibe'foundaVl f the'bress'Lin^ngs, FancV'andStaple No- These extraordinarily low prices cannot be continued often Tiies-
rf^rf^flf^fl/SZ. CS3 is%\ ®fi f*W f&)^& ln this sectUn 1 ' b* 'found all "tn'eDress' Linings, Fancy "and Staple No- These extraordinarily low prices cannot be continued after Tues-
\ IS* , trVlrlPW.^ ,■__*& m* _. €?!«• \A 4. CZ 16x16 inch reduced to. . 30c j 22x22 inch reduced to. .75c
*ft; The Hosiery and Knit Underwear stocks are complete— UrCSS w_>illCluS dtK DC* 18x18 inch reduced to. ".45c 24x24 inch reduced to. .95c
' Never have we offered the varieties and values that this. spring's • . \, ■ c*.«^i,s n >+. r.^- o ck; \a^ 20x20 inch reduced to. .60c j 26x26 inch reduced to $1. 15 .
> careful buyina enables us to show now-ln this week's Hosiery 7?0 pairs good quality of. Stockinette Dress Shields, ; • ArtEmbroldery Department
i display are the latest Scotch and Tartan Plaids, Roman and fancy sizes 2 and 3— while the lot lasts— per pair 5c . Main Floor-off -Rotunda.- ,
» vertical stripes and open work and lace effects— everything that — — ___. ~— — . ; ~~ ' ~ ~~~*
lis modish, new and serviceable in cotton, lisle and silk. ArtlStlC VX/^1 ! 1 SiVCTS* ■'$%*£
\ This Hosiery Sale lor 3 i CentS tO A display of Spring Beauties, comprising all I "M/^iJtd Ll W® WWIM!zP LflJ (IPlr
» \ Monday and Tuesday Only. . /. pft that is new, novel and artistic in every grade— f^St^ ' ' /o** "" . ,1
""- n • £ 1 ,q;^' ir^^rtaA HormcHnrf RlijrU- !p4a.KolL more than 100,000 rolls now in stock. Many G§s\ r^fM^fH f^% S&L »!(#!£] /©NC\/7f^£^
1800 pairs Of Ladies Imported HermSdorf black exclusive designs and color effects; reproductions ■of fine old <gs| |p|l^l|lMl® ®J|iPWE^
Hose — the best 35c Stocking in the market — IViacO COt- _ French, English and Japanese papers, rich in coloring, beautiful >*• b^ W •— —_h-w^
k ton feet — MaCO SOle and Solid black feet — for the two in design, yet so inexpensive as to be within the reach of all. : There will not be a single disappointed customer in the
• days Only — per pair ' •• • 25c Over 75 styles Kitchen Papers, Glove Department this spring. This week's display of what
* • Hosiery and Knit underwear ■ i From ]\c to lOC per roll. •" will be worn on the hands, and a comparison of the qualities and
; Department - °° - : • Over 150 styles Bedroom Papers, including dainty stripes, prices will convince you English Walking Gloves in the new
:" • • - :. in all the latest shades, chintz effects, delft blues, etc., colors £i- 2 -clasp French Kid Gloves $i.2 5 Dents 3-clasp
"'t EFrnm Sr to osc her roll English Cape Gloves, now so popular for street wear, are among
•i^i^di^irjfi^/^iRtJiJ I^s? r/urn yi> w*? jj . the man ljnes of spr i ng gloves.
' I %±x* 2^L^El©t)l» V^liTlil \ay_jT Over 200 styles Dinm^-Room Papers, including handsome r>- ( 4T - QO
„ (£-*> $\o!\fiJ •• - /0* 1 • . >«■ tapestry effects, pressed arid relief papers, Romanesque designs, % JOUVin and 1 retOUSSe 7 UC»
* is^fsf^flF^^l\"A^^^f^t(P(^^fs^S modern Renaissance, burlap effects, etc, ;„ ."•.. ->^ Our exhibition week special, while they last, is
I i&viSUKJt X^K^^SLJ4&> rom 7c 0 6 OC per roll. 4 -button Undressed, Real Kid Gloves in the above fa-
lv San Francisco's largest assortment of delicately , tinted, Over 250 designs and colors of Parlor Papers, including mOUS makes— silk-embroidered backs — all Sizes — in
* gauzy Fabrics awaits your approval, and wise is the shopper damask and silk effects, Dresden stripes, Colonial designs, browns tans modes and Steel gray only — regll- Q(\ r
; who appreciates the importance of early selections. Special ex- canvas effects, etc., , -; larlv _^l'co arid $1. 7C pair— fitted this week for. /SJ £,
* hibits this week of— '■■'■: '■ From lOC y^oo per roil. . lcxuy *".•>" aiu «' /*> v
\i, , French Organdies, Veiour Africanes, Silk Warp Novelties, , Over 17? styles' of 'Hall Paoers, including embossed papers, 01 rT7' _. T_>'t_t o
. Drap Carreaux, Printed Pin Dot Swiss Printed Moussel.nede - Moorish designs, , bold stripe P in deep reds and deep green > , bale Ot taster JDIDIeS.
I Soie, Printed Satin Stripe Mull Printed Irish Dimities Printed : shades, Morocco leathers, etc., §§§ I Bagst^r's New Comprehensive Teachers' Bible, in flexible French mo-
k and French Sateens, Lawns, Batiste, etc., Woven Fabrics and , Frnw 6r in snr tier roll • rocco binding— will lie open perfectly flat— can be folded back or rolled up—
Crash Suitings, Covert Cloths, Scotch Zephyrs, > Cheviots, _ _*"-'>—/_■ . .•••*. t. 1 ,fj»£ Z» ru*uXinth* West ' : 250 pages of concordance and teachers' h«lps-map of biblical cojntries and
I Dress Ginahams Galatea Cloth Illuminated Suiting ■ Madras toying from the largest lVall-Paper Dealers in the West. • !7 full-page illustrations-printed in gold : and colors-a couple of years
" Shfrtin Ol^ gg c hamS ' UalatCa -' # laminated suiting, maaras Samples mailed free to out-of-town customers. ago as g?od a Bible wouli have cost $3. .Our special pr.cefor^Q c .
; Shirtin «' etc - General Reduction in All Paints. * is ST^i^Zr^ ■ :
"Ji We will place on sale to-morrow for one day only our complete /:': , Emporium Prepared Paint, ; made by John Lucas, has been '"' Other Bibles ud to SlO.
! line of Japanese Crepe in plain colors and fancy stripes < m v . reduced from $1.25 gallon to $1. ' Full line of Episcopalian Prayer Books and Hymnals and Catholic
' and checks. Our own exclusive styles for 1898 at ... . I3C Yard ' Send for Color Cards and prices. Prayer Books in gitt binding for Easter. -
IMR J. B. ARNOLD, THE ARTIST LADIES' TAILOR, IS STILL HERE-ENVIOUS RUMORS THAT HE HAD RETURNED
MX. j. c , tq NEW YORK TO THE CONTRARY.
making of appointments, and though
three-fourths of the entire body pro
fess to be Parnellites in politics, it is
feared that personal and private in
stead of national and public considera
tions will weigh with as many of them
as will suffice to carry a candidate who
has no public claims whatever on any
public body. However, we shall see.
An interesting action at law will be
tried Wednesday in one of the Chan
cery Courts. For some years before the
split in the Irish ranks Patrick O'Brien,
who is now member for the city of Kil
kenny and is one of John Redmonds
most active folllowers, was member, tor
the north division of the County of
Monaghan. Ever since he has been in
politics— and that is now a good many
years— he has been a bold and deter
mined Irish Nationalist, always in the
thick of every fight and never shirking
the consequences. As a matter of fact,
he has been in jail for his political opin
ions seven or eight times during the
last twelve years, sometimes enduring
the plank bed and prison fare for six
months at a time. For this reason he
was a great tavorite in Monaghan, as
THE SA^T FKAISTCISCO CALL, STJKDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
he is now with all parties In the House
of Commons, and toward the close of
the year 1889 his then constituents
made up for him, as he was a poor man.
a small sum of money in recognition of
his services.
This money was about to be present
ed—and in fact, all preparations had
been made for the presentation— when
one of his periodical imprisonments
took place and the ceremony had to be
postponed. Soon after the Parnell
crisis supervened. The Monaghan peo
j pie to a man took Parnell's side.
: They held meeting after meeting, at
! which the strongest resolutions were
1 passed in support of Parnell's lead
ership. Mr. O'Brien was in jail
i and could not speak, but it soon leaked
out that he was what was called a
rampant Parnellite. The Monaghan
people, however, like so many others,
changed their minds in the course of a
i few weeks, and required their repre
sentative to change with them.
But they mistook their man who,
] when he emerged from his six months'
! imprisonment, at once threw himself
heart and soul into the Parnellite cam
i paign. The consequence was that the
money collected for him was never
given to nim, the ground being that he
had broken his pledge "to sit, act and
vote with the majority of the Irish
party." After six years he has com
menced a suit to recover it, and it is
this action which is to be tried on
Wednesday next by the Vice-Chancellor.
It will, I imagine, excite a good deal
of interest and so will the result.
The present Government has not up
to the present resorted to coercion in
the management of Irish affairs, but,
as a counterblast (I suppose) to his
local government proposals, Mr. Gerald
Balfour has this week, by condoning
and indeed approving of a gross police
outrage in Mayo, indicated pretty clear
ly that at any moment we may have a
return to that exploded and senseless
policy. The facts of the case are very
simple. There is a movement at pres
ent in the neighborhood of Westport in
the county referred to against the
"grabbing" of grass farms— a local ris
ing, in other words, against the policy
of keeping large and fruitful tracts of
land for sheep and cattle while thou
sands of human beings are huddled to
gether on little patches which scarcely
afford potatoes enough for six months
of the year.
Recently a man named Duffy
"grabbed" one of these grass farms,
and the consequence was that he be
came an object of public detestation,
which ultimately resulted in some
manifestations for which several peo
ple were prosecuted. A few days ago
the grabber appeared at the prosecu
tion, and, of course, there was a crowd
to meet him, which groaned him vigor
ously, and at which he fired a revolver
shot in return. Instead of arresting
Duffy, the police proceeded to baton
the crowd, which, but for the groaning,
was perftectly peaceable; and when Mr.
Balfour was called on to explain this
police outrage in the House of Com
mons last night he defended and
praised the police outright, while act
ually admitting that the facts were as
stated.
This is a pretty development of his
policy of "killing home rule with kind
ness." It is, indeed, intelligible if his
object be to provoke a renewal of dis
turbance in Ireland. Otherwise it Is
both unintelligible and stupid; and. if
it should be followed by similar dis
turbances, Mr. Balfour may rest as
sured that he will have plenty of trou
ble on his hands before long.
MURDERED MAN'S
IDENTITY KNOWN
Man Found Dead Near River-
side Believed to Have Been
Bernardi Cota.
Was an El Cajon Miner Who Started
for the Klondike With, a
Well-Filled Purse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE, March 19.— The Sheriff's
office Is In receipt of a communication
from a resident of El Cajon, In San Diego
County, which would seem to settle the
identity of the man whose body was found
on the river bottom near this c:*y last
December. He is said to be Bernardi
Cota, a miner, who has worked in the
mines at Julian, in that county, and also
on ranches around El Cajon.
Cota left El Cajon about the Ist of last
December for the Klondike, and since
his departure has not been heard from.
When he left he had Quite a sum of
money in his possession, and his friends,
who have been led to identify him by a
•photograph and descriptive circular sent
out by the Sheriff a few weeks ago, are
of the opinion he was followed by some
one in that vicinity who knew of his be
ing possessed of funds.
The officers here are of the opinion that
the mystery has been cleared. As the
body was found on the Bth of December,
the dates seem to agree.
Cota was an Italian and the dead man
found bore the appearance of being of
that nationality.
Election Contest at Salinas.
SALINAS, March Jft— Despite their
overwhelming defeat at the polls, the op
ponents of Mayor-elect W. J. Hill to
day tiled a suit contesting his election.
The alleged ground of the complaint is a
general -violation of the election laws.
56
SUNDAY MARCH
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2IT to 2SI Stevenson Street
Telephone Alain 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
served by carriers In thjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
Eautern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Balldlnft
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftft* Hoaee
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£»l Market
street, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-secpnd and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AM U EM ENTS.
Baldwin—" Mysterious Mr. Bug-le."
Columbia— Primrose and West's Minstrels.
California— " Town Topios."
Alcazar— "The District Attorney. "'
Morocco's— "The English Rose "
Tlvoli— "The Widow. O'Brien."
Tlvoli— Thursday afternoon, March 24.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Concert.
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium— Violin Recital, this afternoon.
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets— Recitals of Scottish
6ont' and Story' Monday evening. March 21.
i' yir.pia, corner Mason and Eddy Specialties.
The Chutes — Chlquita and Vaudeville.-
Courslnir— Oonrainx Park. this mornln*.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park, this afternoon. j
Special Excursion to San Jose and the Santa Clara Valley,
Saturday. March 26. :•/;:-•** ___^^___^^_^^_^^
THE WOMfIN AND THE CATS.
THERE is an Eastern publication at hand with
an illustration of the peculiar form of brutality
to which devotion to fashion has driven one
woman. This woman happens* to be a Countess.
That she happens also to be a monstrosity in no man
ner interferes with her right to set the styles and ex
cite the envy of others.
The illustration shows her clad in a cape adorned
with the heads of fifty cats, slain for the purpose of
thus bedecking her in a manner at once barbaric and
beastly. It is not too much to say that any one of
these cats while living was of more value to the world
than the lady herself. At least they could catch mice,
and mice steal cheese, while the limit of her usefulness
seems to have been expressed in contriving a novel
scheme whereby to demonstrate herself a heartless
cieaturc so weak of mind that only gallantry restrains
the natural impulse to call her a fool.
It would serve this freak rightly if the wraiths of
her victims were to howl every' night throughout the
apartments where she keeps their heads among the
other treasures of her wardrobe. They should haunt
her dreams, and when at last she shall be summoned
to another world there ought to be fringing the out
most shore of the same a row r of grinning phantom
cats each displaying the ghost of a set of teeth.
But Judge Campbell is not blameless. He declared
the domestic cat to be a wild animal, and "by this time
his decision could have been cabled to Europe. Sure
enough the cat is being treated with no more con
sideration than the marten or the mink.
WHERE WOMEN GAMBLE.
Y^ ISS MICHELSON'S description in The Call
/ \ on Friday morning of scenes in four notorious
* poolrooms '"where women gamble" was at
once a news item, a literary picture of one of the
dramatic phases of life in this city and a sermon for
the community at' large. The news was not wholly i
novel, but in the aggregate it was startling; the pic- j
ture was as vivid as a Rembrandt masterpiece with its s
lights and shadows brought out by the contrast be- j
tween the women themselves and the places to which j
they had been brought by the mad spirit of gambling,
and the sermon was what San Francisco shall make
of it.
This is not the first time the authorities and the
good people of the city have been informed that pool
rooms in which women gamble on the races are run
more or less openly. Over and over again in the
course of its long crusade against poolrooms The
Call has published that fact as an evidence of the ex
tent to which the pernicious effects of this illicit and
nefarious trade have pervaded the community. This
time, however, we have given the evil a fuller and
more forcible exposure than ever before, and even
those who are most careless of public and private
morality so long as it does not affect them personally
can hardly remain indifferent any longer to this
blighting curse that falls upon all classes — men and
women, youth and age — alike.
In the poolrooms where women gamble there are
women of all kinds. Miss Michelson says: "There
isn't a type missing. There are women of 70 and girls
of 17. There are women in sealskins and shabby,
poverty-stricken women; women wno are spending
money earned most shamefully and women who have
scrubbed and washed and swept and drudged in other
people's houses for their pittance. There are repre
sentatives from all grades of society. There are re
fined, sweet voices and also those strident accents that
are not out of place in such surroundings. There are
well-educated women there, and those whose sen
tences are fluent only when they are expressing them
selves in the jargon of the racetrack."
All these types of women are marked by the sign
characteristic of those on whose weakness or
viciousness the professional gambler lives. The evi
dence of a spirit of greed, of a desire for some gain
they have not earned is on the faces of them all. Rich
or poor, young or old, refined or coarse, they have a
common bond between them in that mad longing to
get something for nothing which makes them the
willing victims of the poolseller, the easy prey of any
smart rascal that offers them a chance to bet.
It is useless to reason with these unhappy creatures.
To get a chance to gamble they will go anywhere,
visit any sort of a place, congregate in any kind of a
den. Moreover, as a general rule it is only a ques
tion of time when they will resort to any sort of prac
tice to obtain money to gamble with. Each in her
way will exert an influence upon the women around
her. and particularly upon those younger than her
self. A thousand reasons, therefore, call for the im
mediate suppression of the poolrooms. The offense
is monstrous. The punishment should be as swift and
as severe as justice has it in her power to give.
ITonore Lame has gone to the trouble to swear to
his story concerning Weyler, but it gains little
strength from this circumstance. Something more
than "a hope to die" affidavit would be needed to
place any statement fathered by Honore firmly on a
pedestal of truth.
THE ANNEXATION RESOLUTION.
IT should be noted that the annexation resolution
offered by the Senate Committee contains none of
the reservations that were boasted as prime features
of the treaty. There is no abrogation of existing
treaties between Hawaii and other countries. Even
the shadowy restriction of the immigration of Asiatic
coolies to Hawaii has disappeared. The resolution
simply extends the sovereignty of the United fflfcites
to the islands.
The Hawaiian treaties under which coolie contract
labor now fills the islands are left in force. When
sovereignty is exchanged without restriction it car
ries over from the abrogated to the acquired juris
diction all of its treaties, contracts and
obligations. When the sovereignty of France expired
in the empire and was transferred to the republic no
treaty fell by the wayside in the exchange. The new
sovereignty acquired them all, with their obligations
and burdens.
So we take Hawaii, under the joint resolution, for
better or for worse, debts, treaties, contract labor and
all, and make it a part of our territory, to be gov
erned under an undisclosed system, which may either
set up inequality of law between that and the rest
of our domain or may extend to the rest of the coun
try the labor system and other things now unknown
to us which inhere in "the peculiar conditions" of
that country.
Will the annexation press tell us what has become
of the boasted restrictions, reservations and safe
guards of the treaty, without which they were but re
cently admitting that annexation would not be de
sirable?
This whole matter must be stripped now of its dis
guise and pretense. The debate must be in the open.
The inquiry into the constitutionality of the joint
resolution must be complete. As appears now it
cannot be vindicated out of the text or spirit of the
constitution. As this republic exists on a written con
stitution, which grants to it all of the powers and
authority it may exercise, that constitution is to be
the test of our right to exercise sovereignty in j
Hawaii. Suppose that by this joint resolution we as
sume such sovereignty and a test 'is made, as it will
be. by the refusal of a citizen to acknowledge our
authority de jure in the islands. Such test must go to
the Supreme Court for decision. That bench must
decide whether the constitution has been followed in
annexation. Does any one believe that it will find
warrant for this proposition in the constitution? It
so, where? The burden of proof is on the annexa
tionists. They have so debauched logic in their ar
guments that they have trained themselves for de- '
bnuchery of the written law. Why don't they pro- I
ceed? From the standpoint of the fundamental law
we cannot take Hawaii because it is "a paradise of
the Pacific," nor because we are strong enough to take
it any way. nor because it is a round in the ladder of
manifest destiny. This Government has no power,
no destiny, no right, outside of its constitution. A
thing may be desirable, or expedient, or ambitious,
but we derive no right from any of these reasons.
Our sole derivation is from the constitution. Is it
possible that Benton and Clay. Thurman and Ed
munds, jnd all the great lawyers and expounders of
the constitution have been wrong in their declara
tion that Congress may only admit new States, while
new territory may be annexed only by treaty?
NEWS FROM TME YUKON.
BY far the most comprehensive and most detailed
account of affairs on the Yukon and the condi
tion of the miners and other adventurers there
which has been received since the winter set in is that
which has just come from our special correspondent,
Sam \Y. Wall. His report covers the whole of
the vast region along the river from Dawson to Fort
Yukon, and gives information not only of the district
generally, but of the individual men and women who
are, wintering at the various camps or posts from
Dawson down to the Fort.
This information was not gathered at second hand.
Mr. Wall, in whom journalistic enterprise is an in
stinct and the search for news an aspiration akin to
that which prompts the man of science to dare all
dangers and take all risks for the sake of discovering
truth, started from Dawson in the middle of the
Arctic winter to make the journey to Fort Yukon for
the purpose of finding out the condition of the people
there and making it known through The Call to their
friends in all parts of the Union.
This dangerous task so willingly undertaken marks
the difference between the true newsgatherer and the
mere faker. It would have been much safer and
more comfortable for Mr. Wall to have remained at
Dawson all winter wrapped in warm furs. It would
have been easier to write rumors of the lower river
and construct fakes than to go down the frozen
stream and find the truth. He chose the hazard, the
difficulty, the discomfort and the danger for the sake
of learning the truth, and the result of his efforts is
that The Call has been able to carry to many anxious
hearts news of their loved ones from whom they have
not heard for months.
Mr. Wall reports, with notes of what they are
doing as far as he could obtain the information, the
names of all persons registered at Fort Yukon* at
Rampart City or Minook, at Circle City and at
Woodworth. These names fill more than two closely
printed columns of The Call. They constitute the
great bulk of those who were caught on the way to
Dawson by the freezing of the river or who went
down to the Fort to escape the danger of famine at
Dawson when it became known there would be a
scarcity of food at that place if all remained there.
This journey in midwinter to Fort Yukon is the
second notable feat accomplished by Mr. Wall along
the Yukon. The first was when he made his way up
the stream in the fall to earn' to the people at Daw
son the news that the water in the river was low and
that the expected steamers would not be able to bring
full cargoes of food to Dawson. That journey en
rbled him to give warning to the Dawson people in
time for many of them to get away and thus averted
the threatened famine. The" second feat accomplished
by the journey down the river 13 hardly less useful
since it gives reliable news of the snowbound adven
turers to their friends at home.
At the time The Call dispatched Mr. Wall to the
Klondike it announced that it would be represented
in the geld fields by a* newspaper man and not a
f.iker or a mere word monger. The promise of The
Call to its readers has been more than fulfilled. It is
represented along the Yukon by one of the heroes of
journalism, and as a consequence its reports are
worth more to the general public than those of any
other prper, and to the friends and relatives of the
men- and women who made the rush last fall they "are
inv.iluible.
If Miles thinks San Francisco a Gibraltar it -is plain
the common impression concerning Gibraltar is based
on error. The belief that that place would be difficult
to assault and easy to hold had become almost
general. /
The value of the confession department of a news
paper would be a good theme for discussion at some
college of journalism.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
CONTEMPT OF THE FAKER.
THE action of Judge Cook in sending Attorney
Mclntosh to jail for contempt of court and in
commending his case and that^of his "confes
sion" confederate, Edgar B. Haymond, to the Bar
Association for further consideration will be hailed
with satisfaction by all respectable people. There is
no doubt that Mclntosh and Haymond should be dis
barred. Centainly men who trifle with the adminis
tration of the law, as it has been proved that they
trifled with it in the Hoff case, are unfit to practice
law. The Bar Association owes the duty to itself and
the people of the State of giving the charges against
these young men full consideration and of commenc
ing disbarment proceedings if they shall be found
guilty of unprofessional conduct.
Judge Cook's opinion — which, by the way, is a
model of logical and vigorous English — discovers a
strong grasp upon the law and facts of the Mclntosh
case. We do not know whether the doctrine of inter
ference which he so clearly illustrates can be made
legally to apply to all the parties who attempted to
traffic in the "confession" of Hoff. but that it ought
to apply there is no question. The evidence in the
Mclntosh case shows that the reporters and editors
of the Mission street faker negotiated in good faith
for Hoff's "confession." There is little doubt that had
they not been checkmated by the murderer himself,
or had the price asked not been too high,
they would have closed for the document and pre
sented it to their readers.
Had the publication taken place, according to
Judge Cook, all the editors, reporters and printers of
the yellow sheet would have been guilty of contempt.
To send them to jail it only would have been neces
sary to establish that any juror, or person drawn for
a juror, had read the "confession." Why, then, were
not the efforts of the yellow sheet to procure a "con
fession" an interference with the proceedings of the
court? Had the confession expert of the paper not
encouraged Mclntosh to believe that Hoff's state
ment of his guilt was a merchantable commodity that
individual would not have committed the contempt
for which he has been jailed. In other words, Mc
lntosh interfered with the cause of justice at the in
stigation of the yellow journal's confession depart
ment. Why are not the conductors of that depart
ment just as guilty of contempt as their fool scape
goat. Mclntosh?
Judge Cook has the reputation of being an able
and conscientious lawyer. He is known to possess
courage and determination of a high order. There is
nothing of the trimmer or demagogue in his com
position. He is just the man to establish the pre
cedent in this city that when yello-.v journalism de
serts faking and begins to seriously interfere with the
administration of justice its devotees must be locked
up. We are confident that the Mission street faker is
morally guilty of interfering with the course of jus
tice in the Hoff case. Mclntosh would never have
offered a "confession" for sale had he not thought
the sheet presented him with a markrt. But can the
faker be proved legally guilty? This is a question
we are compelled to leave to Judge Cook's decision.
LOQ3L GOVERNMENT IN IRELAND.
> HE CALL published yesterday from its special
correspondent, J. J. Gancy, M. P., a review of
the measure proposed by the British Ministry
for reforming local government in Ireland, accom
panied by a forecast of the probable effects of the bill
upon political parties in Ireland anil upon the general
affairs of the people whose local interests will be af
fected by it.
Mr. Clancy, as a member of Parliament represent
ing an Irish constituency and a strong advocate of
home rule, is well fitted to speak on this subject with
authority. His words express something more than
a mere personal opinion. What he says may be fairly
regarded as the prevailing opinion of Irish leaders on
the subject, and for that reason his letter to The Call
is of the highest value to all who wish an intelligent
understanding of the proposed legislation for Ire
land at this session of Parliament and the attitude of
the Irish leaders toward it.
Mr. Clancy regards the measure proposed as a vast
improvement on the existing system of local govern
ment. At the present time county affairs in Ireland
are administered by bodies which, as Mr. Clancy
says, are almost wholly unrepresentative. The Bal
four bill will give to Ireland a system of county gov
ernment similar to that which prevails now in Eng
land and Scotland, and which will .enable the majority
of the people for the first time to elect their own
county councilmen.
The effect of this will be something like a political
revolution, for according to Mr. Clancy the result
must be in all parts of the land outside of Ulster, and
in all but two or three counties even in that province,
to exclude from the councils the so-called loyal
minority. This does not mean that none of the for
mer administrators will be elected, for it is the judg
ment of our correspondent that if they submit them
selves for election as business men of experience in
local control they may elect some of their party and
retain considerable power in local affairs, but they
can never hope for a monopoly of it any longer.
The new measure, while remedying some of the
evils of British rule in Ireland, will not close the ac
count by any means. With the Salisbury Ministry in
office nothing can be expected for home rule at this
session of Parliament, but that great issue still domi
nates the Irish situation. In every general election it
comes to the front, and in all Parliamentary contests
in Ireland it is the crucial test to which the con
stituencies submit all candidates who appear before
them. This struggle in Ireland has been perennially
interesting to Americans, and The Call can with jus
tice congratulate its readers on being able to furnish
them a record of the progress of the movement at
this juncture from a correspondent so gifted and so
eminent as Mr. Clancy.
There h reason to regret that one of the lawyers
who did so much to prevent the punishment of the
most celebrated murderer California has had in re
cent years has appeared in the Flannelly case. His
presence there will be taken as an indication that
justice is likely to stumble over a lot of ridiculous
but impeding technicalities before finally dropping
Flannelly.
It may have been noted that the European powers
now engaged in making monstrous demands upon
China have refrained from asking the United States
as to the propriety of doing so. However, they find
time to pause long enough in their schemes to loot
to tell the United States how Spain ought to be
treated.
An evening paper presents som: statements which
it labels in large type, "True Facts." It is with no de
sire to be captious we make the suggestion that a
fact possessing the element of veracity gains much of
its real character and value from this circumstance.
Spanish papers at Havana are saying mean things
about the people of this country, but they cannot be
blamed for it. It must have been noticed that the
papers of the United States are not projecting floral
tributes in the direction of the Spanish press.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
By. HENRY JAMES.
A gentleman who writes for the San
Jose News gently corrects me for ob
jecting to the action of an Oakland
Judge in having discharged a man
guilty of wife beating, because the vic
tim of the beating had asked it. But
I find upon reading his article that we
agreed remarkably well. His idea is
that wife beaters deserve severe pun
ishment. He wants them haled to
the whipping post. Where we differ
is as to the adequate penalty. I would
have them haled to the nearest lamp
post and hanged.
• . •
The case of Colonel Finegan of San
Rafael is of peculiar Interest as show
ing how a man with money can make
a monkey of the dignity of the law.
Finegan claims to be a pauper. He
asserts that he is unable to pay his
divorced wife the alimony she /de
mands and the courts uphold him in
his absurd position. Finegan has
plenty of money to supply himself with
the luxuries of life. That he is a
pauper nobody believes, least of all
himself. It seems to me that even if
the ex-wife cannot have her dues there
ought to be some way of sending Fine
gan back to Jail.
• • •
It is a rare pleasure to be able to
agree with the Evening Post, and I
avail myself of the opportunity. Its
position as to the lnutility of send
ing missionaries to China is unassail
able. If missionaries abroad have ever
done any good I have failed to hear
of it. For them to go to China and
try to tell the people there what is a
suitable form of religion for them has
always seemed to me a distinct im
pertinence. While they occasionally
have trouble, the marvel is that they
do not have more. They deserve to
be led to the border and firmly kicked
in the direction of home. Millions of
dollars are wasted in trying to "save
the souls" of the Chinese before we
have any good evidence that the Chi
nese have souls, or that the quality of
soul they may have is worth saving.
Certainly the Chinese Christian as
known in this country is a fraud, us
ing his piety as a cloak, and as an ex
cuse for making love to some suscepti
ble teacher, who perhaps marries him
and goes into the business of rearing
half-breeds. I do not believe that
since the dawn of Christianity a sin?
gle Chinese was ever won over to it,
and I do not believe it of the slight
est importance that any should be. 1
say this with the greatest respect for
the opinions of those who differ from
me. They have the same right to their
opinions I have to mine.
Perhaps It -will not be amiss to say a
pleasant word about Attorneys Mcln
tosh and Haymond. If ever there ap
peared again.;t the local horizon two
fellows more frankly knaves than thes«
I chanced to miss the sight. It seems
that they were engaged to defend
against the charge of murder a man
known as Hoff. This is only a part
of his name, but it may serve to iden
tify him. They entered Into a scheme
for Belling a "confession" of their
client, and peddled it assiduously de-
Spite the averments of their client that
tie had nothing to confess. Aside from
the intrinsic villainy of the scheme
must be considered the reflection it
constituted upon the law they ara
sworn to uphold. Their idea seems
to have been to sell the man's declar
ation of guilt and devote the proceeds
to lining their pockets, and incidentally
to proving the prisoner an innocent
liar. If their course watt not an in
sult to the public, and particularly to
the court, there is no such thing as
an insult. If It was not an attempted
swindle, then the man who sells a gold
brick made of brass is an angel of
guilelessness. Think of taking- the
money derived from a confession of
guilt and using part of it to establish
the fact that the confession was falsa,
or that being true, the statutes were
powerless to punish the culprit. My
congratulations to the gentlemanly
scoundrels; not that they deserve con
gratulations particularly, but note must
be taken of the fact that at least one
of them is still out of jail.
It is necessary for me as part of the
daily routine to ride in the Jackson
street car, leaving the foot of Powell
street a little after 6 in the evening
About one time in ten it is my blessed
privilege to occupy a seat. The other
nine times I go swaying over the hills
while hanging on to a strap, wishing
cordially that the management of the
road could be hanged to something
which withheld the privilege of teaching
the ground. The only reason more cars
are not provided is stinginess, abetted
by the natural gallantry of men. There
are few men who can ride in a seat con
scious that in the same car, and per
haps emitting reproachful glances,
there are ladies maintaining with diffi
culty a footing on the constantly
changing slant of the floor. So the man
gets up, tips his hat, and perhaps his
courtesy is ac* nowledged. Now, I be
lieve tha* to surrender a seat is wrong,
excepting of course in the case of old
people and invalids. As a matter of
fact a woman is just as able to stand
as a man. The impulse not to permit
her to do so is working a hardship on
the community. A man will say on his
bobbing legs for a mile and never
grumble, but let him learn that his wife
or daughter has had similar experience
and there will be no end to his indig
nation, while the Indignation of the
woman will be an actual rage. The les
son is plain. The only way to get more
cars is to allow the feminine patrons to
take equal chances with the masculine.
Then there will be a storm of wrath
breaking about the head of Vining, and
perhaps the impact will be sufficient to
beat an idea into it, with the result that
in time the needed cars will be provided.
Meanwhile let every lady who fails to
scure a sea console herself wth the
thought that the men are acting like
swine, not because they wish to, but be
cause of a high and holy principle.
Having pondered over the matter for
several days, I am still of the opinion
that the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company ' as no more right to the
|5 deposit exacted from customers than
a footpad has to the purse he takes at
the pistol's point. Also that the morals
actuating the two processes of .rob
bery are on the same plane, ihe latter
point might be termed irrelevant, but
readers may have noticed that the for
mer is to be tested in court. Every day
somebody relates to me a tale of fraud
committed by this concer- with its
army of trained meters. Not long ago
a friend rented a furnished -ouse. the
.owner having already the $5 on deposit.
It did not seem necessary either to
landlady or tenant to explain this
change to the gas reople, the circum
stances being, with an apparent show
of reason, deemed none of their busi
ness. When my friend paid his first
month's bill the company discovered
that there was a new occupant at the
number and at once demanded another
$5. The landlady told them that her $5
could remain to represent the house;
but this did not satisfy them. They
still clamored for the double security,
saying that if it was not forthcoming
the gas would be shut off. Three days
later they sent a man up to shut off the
gas, and my friend then paid the $5.
This is what the company is pleased to
term a "voluntary" contribution. I am
pleased to ten., it an example of imper
tinence, imposition and theft, and I
have as much right as the company to
be pleased. Yet after the transaction
noted the landlady had much trouble to
get back her original $5, having to visit
the office several times, and this when
the office was awi.y down in Tar Flat,
not easy to reach nor attractive to see.
All this leaves out of consideration the
reckless charges made for gas never
consumed, the wretched quality of the
light, the deadly character of the
suicide-promoting fluid, and the boor
ishness with which every complaint,
however just, is invariably met.
The present law against opium smok
ing ia worse than none. Under ita
puerile restrictions the police are help
less, for if they take any action the
courts at once nullify It and make the
efforts of the officers appear ridiculous.
It would be a better plan to wipe out
the law and encourage the dope fiends
to smoke their shriveled carcasses off
the earth which their presence now in
a measure robs of joy.
While the affair Is none of my busi
ness, I cannot help feeling sorry that
two doctors should have sued the es
tate of a rich man for a sum over $23,
000. As representatives of a profession
useful, necessary and generally honor
able, their action constitutes a grave
reflection upon the craft. It appears
from the complaint that they were in
attendance upon the man just one
month, at the end of which period he
died. What may have been the rela
tionship between their ministrations
and his taking off does not particularly
matter. It may be taken for granted
that he had the benefit of the highest
skill; that in the absence of the care
he received he would not have been
permitted to linger so long as thirty
days, and yet I do not believe the doc
tors earned any such amount as "$23,000
or that they think they did. If, hav
ing been called to treat a rich man
stricken with malady they had brought
him back from the gates of death the
element of gratitude would have en
tered into the settlement, and had he
chosen to write them a check for $50,000
apiece, there would have been no cause
for complaint. But I contend that med
ical services, covering but one month,
and then terminated by death, could
not possibly have any such value as
the doctors have chosen to place upon
them. They coula not have had this
value If the doctors had abandoned all
their other practice and devoted them
selves exclusively to the patient. When
one has taken to the bed of pain from
which he is never to arise the boon of
dragging out to thirty days an exist
ence that might have terminated in
less does, not seem to me to be.con
siderable. It assuredly is not worth
such a fortune as many worthy and in
dustrious men toll vainly for during an
entire lifetime.
An Oakland correspondent, evidently
sharing the disesteem it has been my
duty to express toward the Board of
Education, sends me a clipping from
The Outlook, a New York publication of
standing and dignity. Such is the savor
of decay thrown off lay this precious
board that it has been detected as far
away as the Atlantic seaboard. Prob
ably there is not another body any
where, supposed to be devoted to the
Interests of education and so utterly
neglecting them; supposed to be on a
lofty plane, yet so reeking with the
overflow of an internal rot. That the
board is a nuisance and disgrace, that
the good in it is powerless against the
evil, that some of its members deserve
to be in the penitentiary, there is no
question. Some who are not vicious are
actually and painfully ignorant, with
not the slightest conception of what
their duties are, the slightest desire to
find out or the slightest ability to per
form them. The Outlook passes by the
Waller and the Ragan with their en
vironments of scandal and takes up the
Drucker, whom it regards as a queer
specimen, whose openly avowed prac
tices should be classified as criminal.
"It keeps us busy looking after our j
friends," Drucker had said when dis- ,
cussing the matter of appointments. I
"Each director appoints his own friends
and relatives," continued this modern
exponent of educational methods, ap
parently without a thought or care that
by the words he 'was confessing him
self one of a band of shameless knaves.
School directors have no right to have
"friends" such as must be provided for
regardless of worth. They are not
elected for the purpose of being pur
veyors of pap to members of their fam
ilies. No wonder The Outlook is
shocked at the scheme of regarding
teachers" positions as spoils to be par
celed out among the faithful. Here we
ha* r e become accustomed to the sys
tem. But when the system has grown
so noisome that It discredits us In the
estimation of thinking people 3000 miles
away, it is time to transfer a lot of low
down politicians from places of respon
sibility and trust to the seclusion of
San Quentin's jute mill.
It is stated that a woman renowned
for the fact that she bathes daily in ,
milk is on her way out here in a spe
cial car. It is not a cattle car. I fail
to see why indulgence of such a fad '
should have placed upon her brow the ;
laurel wreath of fame. I should term ;
bathing in milk a decidedly nasty j
trick, besides being a waste of an ar- i
tide for which children cry.
Perhaps the confession department
of the Examiner will retire from bus
iness now that it has been brought
into the glare of judicial publicity and
made everybody connected with it con
tribute to the grins of an appreciative
people. In the first place the "con
fessions" wrested by hypnotism and
cajolery from the unwilling bosoms of
the wicked possess neither interest nor
value. This was shown first in the
case of Clarke, the St. Helena freak
who killed his brother, and under the
promises of a chronic confessor, who
goes about loaded with crocodile tears
and a thumb-worn Bible, told all about
it Clarke was fairly dying to take
the world into his confidence. He want
|ed to make 5 a clean breast of it to
whoever happened along, and would
have done so voluntarily, but the con
fessor.^ndihisi bribes were there and
their .^Aesence i did nothing but vitiate
the statement of Clarke. In the Be
lew instance similar measures were
used, but nothing exacted which had
n'ot^beeh]ip'rinted several days before
llnWßKtt, obtained under circum-
I stancei^which lent it value as evi
dence. The Hoff matter is the latest.
This has brought the members of two
professions into ridicure and disrepute.
The idea of springing a Bible on a
creature like Hoff and of offering him
: $10,000 for a confession is an absurdity.
! Nothing Hoff could possibly tell would
be worth this sum or any other. That
such an offer was made is a demon
stration that it was made in bad faith
so far as payment was. concerned. The
ludicrous side of it all is too manifest
to be ignored. An attorney dickering
with a journalist in the hope of selling
to him ' a hand-made confession, but
meanwhile carefully guarding against
the possibility, of being drugged by the
Journalist, is something to go thunder
ing adowh the corridors of time for at
least a week. It is none of my fight,
and ; yet I venture that Tom Garrett.
sorely 'as he may have been tempted,
and justifiable as he might have been
In yielding to the impulse to poison .a.,
lawyer or two, never did such a thine
in his life. ' -'V'-
BUSH-STREET BOULEVARD.
To the Editor of The Call: The Bush,
street boulevard .burlesque is again exclt
; ing the risibilities of those people who
i have given any thought at all to the mat
ter. That the scheme could be seriously
considered by any one is farcical— Bush
I street is so dearth of all natural advan
| tages, being, in fact, unsuitable in every
! way. It is so narrow it wouiu admit of
neither good walks, shade trees or a
good roadway. The grade in some places
is altogether too steep for bitumen. Bush
street is a short street, passes no places
of interest, no public buildings, and has
jno fine residences; there are no quod
; views; it has no outlet: In fact, it Degrins
I nowhere and ends likewise, unless a
i short cut to a cemetery be the great de
! siderium.
It should be quite enough to condemn
! the scheme that more man three-fourth 3
j of the property owners, representing 14,0 m)
! feet frontage, have protested against this
'■■ boulevard fantasy. How ridiculous would
■ this San Francisco boulevard appear in
comparison with the boulevards of other
' large cities! me street, for the most
; part, is now well paved with baaalt
blocks, has been accepted by the city,
i and were it kept in the condition tho
street laws demand the best paving for
'• this street is already assured. That th©
; property owners of Bush street, with its
I ghost railway, have for years been maao
j a catspaw to pull chestnuts out of the
I fire for the Sutter street railroad ha<J
i been very apparent to all except tho^e
J "who have eyes and see not and ears and
' hear not." . . . .
Now when the matter 19 again brought
before the Street Committee next Tnurs
'< day it is to be hoped that the wishes of
the 200 Bush street protestants -will be re
spected and no injustice done. That ;li~
Bush street boulevard burlesque will nn
then ended for all time Is devoutly prayei
for by a common sense property owner
and a willing worker for San Franclsc-Vs
best good.. ALMA E. KEITH.
San Francisco, March 19, 189 ft
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GOAT ISLAND— \V. H. 8., Oakland,
Cal. The area of Yerba Buena Island,
also known as Goat Island, in the harbor
of San Francisco, is 140.9 acres.
NOBLES OF SPAIN— E. H., City. There
is a book published in Uadrid. Spaii,. en
titled "La Guia," issued by the Govern
ment, that contains the names of the no
bility of Spain. You might obtain a copy
of it through a book Belling house.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy st. •
A handsome present for your Eastern
friends.Townsend'sCal. glace fruits.COc lb.»
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A great rush at 116 Grant avenue on ac
count of the auction sale that Quong
Wing Long & Co. are having there. Un
less you go early you cannot get in. They
are positively letting their goods go to
the highest and best bidder. These goods
are all first-class, and are sold for less
than shoddy prices. •
The railway companies "of Great
Britain pay an average every day of
£1700 in compensation, about 60 per
cent being for injuries to passengers
and the remainder for loss or damaged
freight.
Drs. Bush & Son have removed to 206 Kearny
St.. Adams Building, rooms 310, 309, 30S. Dent
istry in all its branches. Teeth without plates
especially. Telephone Red 122 C.
It Is said that every thread of a
I spider's web is made up of about 5000
separate fibers. If a pound of this
thread were required, it would occupy
25.000 spiders a full year to furnish It.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KLONDIKE
PUZZLE.
Free to every buyer at our store; regu-
lar price 15c to 20c. It wil amuse the
whole family and costs you nothing.
A DROP
In prices astonishes and interests tht>
whole country, especially large Alaska
buyers.
Bacon, backs, good grade. It) B^o
Ham. well cured, small sizes, It) B»£c
Lard, pure. 5-Ib square cans, each.. 36c
Salt Pork. dry. sides, per Ib l%c
Potatoes, evaporated, per It) 10c
Rolled Oats, Eastern, per Ib 2Uc
Flour, Willamette Valley, bbl.-y.. ..$4.00
Baking Powder. No. i quality, rb 20c
Beans. White Pea, not fancy, It) l^c
Butter, 60-Ib tubs. Elgin, choice, 1b..21c
Prunes, dried, sweet and good, Ib So
Pears, dried, very choice, Ib Be
Raspberries, very choice, 1b..\. .{.... Uta
Blackberries, evaporated, per Ib 15c
Syrup, cooking grade, gallon tins.
Coffee, roasted and ground He
Gold Pans, polished, each 35 C
Yukon Trail Sleighs, each $3.00
Folding Sleighs, each $6.50
Combination Toboggan and Sleigh.. s7.oo
Stoves, 8 kinds upward from.. .7. ..52.50
Dog Harness, upward from $1.00
Whip Saw, C ft., complete; none else
where $4.50
Sheepskin Sleeping Bags, best $12.00
Buffalo Sleeping Bags, best $12.00
Blanket Overalls, each, per paJr.. ..$l.OO
Everything for everybody. Price*
right.
CASH STORE
2S-2T Market St., S. F.TORPEDOES
TO DEFEND
THE HARBOR
Supply of War Ma
terial Stored at
Goat Island.
Allowance of Money for
Building Artillery Bar
racks at Lime Point.
Prospects of Army Reorgani
zation Gratify Infantry
Officers.
OREGON SAILS FOR CALLAO
Battleship Passed Through the Golden
Gate at High W a t« r Yesterday
Morning.
Major General Nelson A. Miles, com
manding the United States army, is fully
advised as to the formidable character of
the harbor defenses of San Francisco.
There is not the slightest doubt but that
SIX NEW STEAMERS FOR THE KLONDIKE.
The Fulton Engineering and Styp- Building Worths Flushed With
Orders for the Alaska Trade.
Five vessels are under construction at the Fulton Engineering and Ship
building Works, and another will be commenced as soon as room can be
found in the ship yards for her keel. All of the vessels are intended for
the Klondike trade, and work cm them is being rushed as rapidly as possi
ble. Three of those under way are steam schooners, and the other three are
intended for traffic on the Yukon River. One of the steam schooners is be
ing built on the order of Robert Dollar. Its hull is now almost completed.
It is 164 feet long, 34 feet beam and 12 feet depth of hold. Another of thf;
steam schooners will be a duplicate of the Samoa that was launched at
the Fulton ship yards a few days ago. It is being built for Beadle &■ Co.,
and it will be 158 feet long, 35 feet beam and 11 feet depth of hold. The
third steam schooner is being built for Pollard & Dodge, So far only the
the authorities in Washington fully con
sidered the subject before giving the or
der for the battle-ship Oregon to sail for
Callao. Engineer officers of eminence re
gard San Francisco as a well fortified
city. The guns now in position and the
torpedoes that could be brought into im
mediate use would successfully resist any
fleet that Spain might bring to *he Paci
fic.
Should war come it might begin and
end without the exchange of hostile j
Bhots on the coast of California. Army
officers who study the probabilities of en
counter fancy that San Francisco will be
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
Consultation— FßEE,
• • nfICL A m. ■ 'f' ' FREE! To demonstrate our Painless
\ «v*V/I.Q 01 I IRQ ll^/ Method^ we will devote One Hour each day
\«Vrr ./ V &Hf~. - to FREE EXTRACTIONS— IO to 11 A. M. The
\»ivlvM\. \% N As *<l/ Al. '" Clinic is always ahead In Advanced Dental
l«st N««yV_J i . r * Cn " ' ■ Science. No student employed.
» v\\k XTll rjffiE? ilk <Z9£ For the next 30 days our prices will bo:
AN ' 'ttTrWZk -— — """ 1 FULL, SET OF TEETH f0r..... .......»4 50 up
V■■'■ ' '>' . ¥&* ~7>f''ym^' GOLD CROWNS. 22k .......;....., 350 up
*— VXy/ s/)"'J% 't%A -BRIDGE. WORK, per tooth ...:.. 3 50 up
Z-~ — W//^MC/-^r-> SILVER FILLING 25c up
' \%x*£rkS\ WS£%&O&M/ £t~LI THIS •' GOLD FILLING .....:.... 75c up
—WE J^^^C^Wm^C^^lP CLEANING TEETH .....50c up
FOR^^il jpK; !'*'sj>v vou^% A Physician Always in Attendance.
y W? jf yL Extracted :;'- SKILLED OPERATORS.
I^JL 1/1 FILLED-- LADY ATTENDANT.
TEETH IH |P SESwX PHONE DA VIS 654.
WITHOUT PAIN DR. T.E. STRONG.
Office Houra-9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Eundajrii » » 8 p.m.
remote from the scenes of activity. The
policy of preparation adopted by the Gov
ernment embraces, however, the protec
tion of this harbor. It wouid not do to
expose the Union Iron Works, where the
battle-ship Wisconsin is in course of con
struction, or allow the important naval
station at Mare Island to become exposeu
to the raids of an enemy.
The Oregon sailed for Callao at high
water yesterday morning. The superb
battle-ship passed out the Golden Gate
shortly after 8 o'clock and Hireeted her
course south. There will be no effort to
break the record for speed in ships of her
class, but she may shorten the allotted
time of sixteen days to Callao from San
Francisco.
There is no longer a doubt that the offi
cers of the engineer corps of the Pacific
division are at work in arranging lor ef
fective use the vast quantity of torpedo
material stored at Goat Inland station.
One reason that the engineers have for
withholding information on the subject is
the fear that a knowledge of preparation
tn resist attack may cause alarm in the
community. The army people have queer
notions about the timidity of the civilian
class and the dangers that may result
from excitement over war preparations.
Recently there has been a great demand
for electricians. Many men who possess
but slight knowledge of electricity have
found remunerative employment at Mare
Island Navy Yard, and it is said that the
demand for expert electrician* is very*
great at the present time.
The 12-inch breechloading rifle, men
tioned in the dispatches as on the way
from the east to riaa Francisco is destined
to hold a position on the extreme right of
the line of guns on the hill above 1- ort
Point The Kin will be mounted on a
disappearing carriage. The emplacement
is ready for the ordnance.
General Shatter, in his laiU annual re
port to the adjutant-general <>f the
army, says that, in view of the progress
of the fortification work at Lime Point
and the turning over to the department
commander of the armament now in
place it has been necessary to establish
a battery of artillery there for the care
and preservation of the guns. This bat
tery should be pkieed in barracks, and
he "recommended that two unoccupied
barracks from the Presidio be moved to
Lime Point. It was expected that long
before this the troops stationed tnere
would be fairly comfortably housed in
the two frame structures that had
sheltered soldiers at the Presidio for
many years past. When, however, the
fortification board, of which Colonel
John I. Rodgers was president, visited
the Pacific Coast and submitted its re
port to the Secretary of War, recqm
mpnding that permanent and good build
ings be constructed at the different
coast defense points, it was se«-n that
the question of removing old barracks
from the Presidio to Lime Point rould
not be considered, and the matter of re
moval was dropped.
The War Department intends to ap
propriate a sufficient sum of the $2.000/'OO
allotted by the Secretary of War for the
construction of barracks at coast forts.
to build two double brick barracks at
Lime Point similar to the new brick
barracks recently erected at the Pre-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
Bidio. These two barracks will comfort
ably accommodate four batteries of ar
tillery. Besides the barracks it will be
necessary to erect officers' quarters and
other buildings that are necessary at a
post, such as quartermaster and com
missary storehouses, guardhouse, bak
ery, stables, etc. It is expected that this
work will be hurried to completion, and
that this important defense point will
be properly paxrisoned. At present Bat
tery L, Third Artillery, Captain William
K. Birkhimer commanding, is stationed
at Lime Point. The other officers sta
tioned there are Second Lieutenant Rob
ert S. Abernethy and Captain Euclid B.
Frick, assistant surgeon United States
army.
Captain Joseph M. Califf's Light Bat
tery C, and Captain Ramsay D. Potts'
Light Battery F, Third Artillery, now
stationed at the Presidio, will probably
hold annual target practice on a range
near Los Banns, seventy miles this side
(if Fresno. Major Field and Lieutenant
Miley of General Shafter's staff, who
were detailed to select a good range,
found all the requirements in that region.
The settlers promised to supply the army
with many necessary articles free of cost.
and manifested a deep interest in the
proposed target praticc. The light bat
teries will march to the range and prob
ably go through Pacheco Pass to the San
Joaquin Valley.
Infantry soldiers of the army— officers
and enlisted men who walk and fight— are
pleased over the prospect that the bill
to reorganize the army will be passed at
this session of Congress. The artillery
and cavalry are organized on the three
battalion plan, and the same regulation,
they hold, should apply to the infantry.
The plan was recommended by Generals
• Irant, Sherman, Sheriuan and Schofield,
and is now advocated by General Miles
and every other progressive military man
in the service. At department headquar
ters in this city and at the Presidio the
intelligence from Washington is gratify
ing.
The army of the United States now
consists of seven regiments of artillery.
ten regiments of cavalry and twenty-five
regiments of infantry. The entire force,
including the two new regiments of ar
tillery, does not exceed in number 27,000
men.
The reorganization of each infantry
regiment into three battalions of four
companies each wil require for each regi
ment two more majors, two captains, two
first lieutenants, and two second lieu
tenants This adds 200 officers to the ex
isting number, but the infantry becomes
so organized that the force of men—
1200 to a regiment on a peace footing—
may be increased to a regimental strength
of. 2400 on a war footing, without further
increasing the number of officers. Under
the new system the infantry strength
could be expanded to 60.000 troops without
any addition to the number of regimental
officers. Army officers figure that the
country has almost doubled in population
since there has heen any increase to
speak of in the standing army.
A Farewell Dinner.
Tfce Oliver Wendell Holmes Debating
Society gave a farewell dinner to John L.
keel of it has been paid, but In another week the frame will be nearly all
in place. It will be 167 feet long, 34 feet beam and 12 feet depth of hold.
The three river boats are being built for the Alaska- Yukon Transporta
tion Company. One of them was launched a few days ago, and a force of
mechanics are now engaged in putting her machinery in place. The sec
ond one is now in frame on the stocks, and she will be launched in a few
days. As soon as she is off the ways the third one will be commenced. The
three river boats are 165 feet in length, 36 feet beam, and each one of them
will be fitted to carry 165 passengers in her cabins.
In the construction of the hulls of the vessels 210 men are employed un
der the direction of John Dickie, while another force fully as large is em
ployed in the manufacture of the necessary machinery that will be required
for their fittings.
Peltret at the California Hotel last even
ing to wish him success in the theatrical
profession which he goes to New York to
enter. J. D. McCarthy acted as toast
master, and each one of the twelve gen
tlemen present, when called upon, arose
and in a few well chosen words paid a
tribute of goodfellowship to the departing
guest, wishing him godspeed on his
journey and success in his new line of
life.
Free, one month's treatment of oui new-meth
od cure for Asthma. Dr. Gordin's sanitarium,
514 Pine St., S.-in Francisco, Cal.
WILL CLOSE TO-NIGHT.
End of the Fair in Aid of the Bush-
Street Temple.
Another crowd visited the fair of the
congregation of the Bush street Temple
last evening, and the night was the best
since the opening of the fair. -..» the at
tractions were well patronized, particu
larly the curio booth under the care of
Mrs. Meyers, which was crowded all
night.
In the entertainment room a most at
tractive programme was rendered. Miss
Flattie Nathan, the talented dramatic
reader, kept the audience in good humor
with her spicy rendition of favorite bits
of prose and poetry, and Professor Ja
cobs continued to mystify with his feats
of magic. Several beautiful solos were
woll rendered by Mrs. H. S. Nathan.
To-day marks tne closing of the fair.
In the afternoon and evening a special
programme will be rendered by members
of the German Hebrew Opera Company,
and tho goods which have not already
been disposed of will be auctioned off to
the highest bidders. The winners of the
various contests will also be announced.
Missed From His Home.
Clarence Clifford. 15 ;- years :of ape, re
cently employed at Raphael's, is reported,
missing. "'He left his home at 936 Howard
street yesterday afternoon : with ; the idea
in view of going to various Eastern cities,
\ and i his parents are ■of i the ; opinion •• that
i the missing lad will be found In Chicago.
Detectives have been detailed on the case.
FORTUNES
IN TRADE
WITH ASIA
A Field Neglected by
American Mer
chants.
Minister Barrett Writes of
Conditions in the
Far East.
A Mine From Which Europe
Draws Many Millions
Annually.
BETTER THAN KLONDIKE.
How the Pacific Coast's Commerce
Might Rival That of the
Atlantio.
The following letter received from
Minister Barrett, at Slam, throws out
many valuable suggestions to mer
chants who are desirous of bettering
the trade conditions of the Pacific
Coast. Mr. Barrett has been In Asia
for many years, and has made a care
ful study of the trade conditions. His
prophecy Is that if the proper attention
were paid to the trade of the far East
the Pacific Coast would rival the At
lantic in wealth and population. What
Western Europe is to the Atlantic,
Eastern Asia may soon become to the
Pacific. His letter is as follows:
UNITED STATES LEGATION
BANGKOK, Siam, Feb. 1. IS9B.
To the Editor of the San Fran
olpco Call, U. S. A.— Sir: In the
interest aroused by the Klondike
grold discoveries and the agitation
to develop closer commercial rela
tions between San Francisco and
Alaska, I trust that the exporters,
manufacturers and business men of
San Francisco and the Pacific Coast
are not going to neglect the magnifi
cent opportunity that awaits their
best efforts in the Far East.
My attention has been called to one
of your recent editorials, in which
you discussed the importance of our
trade -with Asia, but it seems to me
that you do not state the case as
strongly as it permits. The subject
is well worthy of repeated emphasis
in your columns, and all of us who
have studied this trans-Pacific field
hope and pray that not only The
Call, but the other papers on the Pa
cific Coast, w.. use their influence
for the advancement of American in
terests In the Far East.
The Klondike is undoubtedly de
serving: of thorough exploitation, and
the enterprise of San Francisco mer
chants is to be highly commended,
but there are in the Pacific and the
Far East markets whose present
value to the Pacific Coast far ex
ceeds those of Alaska, and whose fu
ture development assures a perma
nent commerce that can bring as
splendid prizes to San Francisco as
the Atlantic and Europe have brought
to New York— provided only the op
portunity is not neglected until it is
too late.
I say to you, and through you to
the people of the Pacific Coast, that
there is on this great coast line from
Vladivostok and Yokohama to Bang
kok and Singapore, winding inandout
for over 5000 miles, indented with nu
merous deep harbors, upon which are
located mighty commercial entrepots,
and peopled with 300,000.000 of souls,
whose one purpose in life is to buy
and sell, an unequaled and un
rivaled opportunity for the develop
ment of American trade and influ
ence. In 1897 the foreign commerce
of Japan, Eastern Siberia, China,
Korea, Cochin-China. Siam. Straits
Settlements, Formosa, Philippines
and Java amounted to over $&H).0O0,
000 in gold. This year it will prob
ably reach $700,000,000. and yet these
transactions are all taking place in
lands and seas directly across the
Pacific from California, Oregon and
Washington, and nearer by some
thousands of miles to the latter than
to the countries of Europe.
Few people In the United States
and even in San Francisco have a
fair idea of the greatness of the Far
East, the number of its large cities
and their enormous trade exchange,
the number of ships required to carry
the exports and imports, and the per
fection and organization of trade
systems which prevail in these trans-
Pacific commercial capitals. San
Francisco, Portland, Seaftle and Ta
coma cannot scenes of ac
tivity in their harbors ..iat will com
pare favorably with those of Singa
pore, Hongkong, Shanghai and Kobe.
If any one supposes that, because
these latter cities are located in Asia,
they are purely Oriental and Asiatic
in 'the conduct of commerce and
trade, they are laboring under great
error.
Again, were they to travel up and
down this coast visiting Vladivostok,
Yokohama, Osaka, Kobe, Tientsin,
Hankow, Shanghai, Hongkong. Can
ton, Saigon, Bangkok, Singapore,
Manila and Batavia they would be
keenly surprised at the extent and
influence of foreign interests, the fine
appearance of the foreign sections,
with well-built business and private
houses, clubs and hotels, and with
opportunities for the pleasures as well
ay the hard work of life, the progress
that is everywhere being made, the
pmwtn in population and trade and
the spirit of ac-vity that prevails on
all Hides.
The value of the field Is best attest
ed by the unrelaxed efforts of Euro
pean Governments, of European firms
and of European steamship lines to
advance their respective interests
from Singapore to Siam.
In conclusion, I say to the export
ers, manufacturers, merchants and
other parties who are concerned in me
extension of our trade and influence
In the Pacific that this market Is posi
tively worthy of their tireless ex
ploitation; that it not only now is
showing its value by increased ship
ments and by many additions to the
trans-Pacific fleet, but will in the fu
ture bring rewards of unprecedented
extent, and that after many years of
careful study of trade and political
conditions in the Far East, during
which time I have discussed the sit
uation with the heads of nearly
all the great business houses and
with the leading statesmen of
the different lands, I am prepared to
prove that a specific and amp.c op
portunity awaits the Pacific Coast of
the United States to share properly
in the commerce and trade of Eastern
Asia. In numerous reports to the De
partment of State, as well as in let
ters to chambers of commerce and
American firms. I have discussed these
markets in detail and pointed out
what are the best lines of develop
ment. The scope of this letter will not
permit extended quotation therefrom.
If San Francisco will organize and
conduct a Pacific and Asiatic com
mercial museum*, on lines similar to
those of the Philadelphia museums, a
great step will have been taken, but
there are scores of other ways which,
in the meantime, San Francisco can
follow to Increase its trade exchange
with trans-Pacific ports. I am, sir
yours truly, JOHN BARRETT.
U. S. Minister.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Joseph Tilly, U. S. N., lg at the Cali
fornia.
Colonel A. W. Jones of Monterey la at
the Lick.
State Senator C. M. Simpson is a guest
at the Grand.
G. H. Peters of Treka arrived at the
Grand yesterday.
F. Cromwell and \V. H. Ellert, two
ADVERTISEMENTS.
riTV fiClm^^^ D A-D-TC
Lili (Jr^WS rAKIb
LACE DEPARTMENT!
- - - SPRING 1898 - - -
■Will Exhibit the Coming Week Our Spring Importation of Novelties
in Lace Robes, Draping Nets, Allovers, Bands and Laces.
ROBES—
In Marquise and Craquele Lace, Black and Steel
Spangled Net, Braided Tosca Net, Chantilly and
Applique Mousseline.
DRAPING NETS-
In Brussels, Tosca. Chantilly and Craquele. -
LACES, BANDS, INSERTIONS and ALLOVERS—
In Flanders, Venise,. Point, Valenciennes, Chantilly,
Braided, Marmot and d'Alencon.
Chiffon, Liberty, Mousseiine de Sole and Shirred
Liberty in all the new shades.
Aiso^Extremc n NECKWEAR, FANS and VEILING.
SAMPLES SENT ON APPLICATION. . .......
... . MAIL ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
Don't Fail to Visit our MILLINERY DEPARTMENT, where
we are Showing the Very Latest PARISIAN CREATIONS-
city of PARIS DRY GOODS company,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
I SPEAKING^^^OF CURES!
» Rupture Cured in Two fe^^^^^ He Feels Like a Boy of »
| Months. . *Wssj?W Fifteen. §
&—• — g
« Occidental, Calif., : WB. H. SAWYER of Berdel! O
UJ. --• Feb. 28th '■ 1898 Station, Sonoma County, writes .£
„ DR. PIERCE & SON-Gentle- ;"I cannot "ef^in^rom saying that Icon- »
_ men: I wish to inform you that the Truss Bider your "Galvanic Chain Belt' to be one ££
which I purchased .at your office the 6th of the greatest inventions on earth, for it . ~
sof last December CURED me of Rupture j»« f^ ™ y %£ a^/fp^^a'boy^ ' g
O in TWO MONTHS. I am over sixty years j fifteen years of age. Without your Belt I *£
>•£ of age. * • ■ | felt -weak and 'without energy; but : with ,%k
V There is no mistake about the fact that ; your Belt and Suspensory, on lam one of .«
6 -' ;-r.m- fele>Y\rt>tpA Miic-nptic ' Elastic Truss the most aqttve, ; vigorous < and ; happy » men 'T;
A 111 l rasUhX CUKE^RUPTUKE • andi you will be able to meet anywhere, r Your »
g TiiUFiv r^nm^nrt to^M runtured ncr- Belt : is certainly a wonderful Invention. . »
O «n^J Your^Ti^oerV C S^OLLIN^' and "others only knew as much about It «
« TfriinturedAlT^riend'2o in "tamos for as I do, no man or woman In the State of $
£ OtS Xe^Book Rup'tu^ Tru S^ I ntted California would be without it for a single g
» at .office without extra charge. Address • da ,? full partlcularB of Dr . pierCe-sp ierC e-s Patent «
-O MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., Electric -Belt call or send stamp for our ~.
/»OA MARKET : STREET. Opposite ' new Illustrated "Pamphlet No. 2." Ad- "••$.
CT O^&vr Palace Hotel. San Francisco, dress PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market w
■"■ Or 35 and 38 Sullivan Block, 712 First aye., i St., San Francisco, or 35 and 36 Sullivan **
w SEATTLE I Building, 712 First aye., Seattle. . • ££
CURES ggSS^SP
[^-^giG. SPITZ Y.rf .0.
wealthy New York capitalists, are at tha
Palace, accompanied by their families, on
a tour of pleasure through California.
Dr. M. D. smitu of Middlebury, Vt.. is
a guest at the Grand.
J. F. Donohoe is registered at the Pal
ace from Albany, N. Y.
John N. Hoffman of New York is regis
tered at the Occidental.
J. W. H. James of London, England,
Is registered at the Lick.
C. L. Adams, a well-known fruit grower
of Visalia, is at the Lick.
Thomas Derby, a mining man from New
Almaden, is at the Palace.
W. F. Bresk, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is at the Occidental.
J. Frank Brown is registered at the
California from Sacramento.
Charles L. Adams of Chicago is stay
ing at the California with his wife.
A. B. Beckwith, a mining man of Mis
6oula, Mont., ia a guest at the Palace.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Cal
ifornia are E. S. McKinney and wife of
Chicago.
Plnk vs, the
press agent of
the Baldwin, is a
smooth worker
when it comes to
getting good ci
gars and liquid
delights for noth
ing. The other night he and a number of
theatrical men, among whom was Man
ager Kennedy of the "1492" company,
were standing in the lobby of the Bald
win Hotel, when the conversation turned
to the matter of weight, and a discussion
arnst- as to what figure the perfectly con
structed man should tip the scales at.
It wat. not long before the whole party
were joshing one another on their re
spectjve figures, and Kennedy, turning
toward Pinkus, laughingly said: "Pink,
if I had your figure I would go on the
STOOD
IN WITH THE
MACHINE.
boards as a contortionist. You are a
pretty good sized man, but so flabby that
I don't imagine you could possibly hold
down over 130 pounds." "No?" replied
Pinkus. "Well, I'll tell you what I'll do.
You see that weighing machine over
there? I'll bet you the drinks and cigars
that I weigh more on it than you do."
"It's a go," said Kennedy, and the whole
party moved over to the machine. Just
then Kennedy, who is a finely propor
tioned and large man, paused and said:
"I.'s late, and I have had nothing to
eat. Let's make the bet to Include a lit
tle supper for all hands." "Just as you
Sciy," answered the suave Pink, and Ken
nedy, stepping on the platform, dropped
his nickel and was rewarded by a snatch
cf a popular song and a card that regis
tered IST pounds. "If you can beat that
I want to see you do it," he remarked
as he stepped down to make room for
his opponent. Pinkus then got on and
dropped his nickel. The wheels of the
machine at once started to revolve at a
furious rate and would not stop, the
tickets coming out in such rapid pro
fusion that it took two or three of the
party to catch them. When the instru
ment finally stopped, the different num
bers on the cards were added together
and made a total of 59,762 pounds. The
machine was out of order, but Kennedy
paid for the supper just the same.
Frank J. Brandon, secretary of the Stato
Senate, is registered at the Grand -rom
San Jose.
E. L. Jenks of Pawtucket, R. 1., is at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
They are on their wedding tour.
R. H. Countiss, secretary of the Trans
continental Freight Bureau, is at the
Palace, en rouie to Del Monte from Chi
cago.
R. C. Scott and E. H. Scott have re
turned from the^ East, and are at the
Occidental on their way to their home in
Honolulu.
Q vi-it DR. JORDAN'S c»«t
rigfL Museum of Anatomy
I^^\ 1051 MA2ZST ST. bet eth * Tth, S. P. c»l
g~«^Q The In kind in th» WerWL
i.^Ml 1 DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
' 1 U^^/ Bk. C*ninlt«:ioa tno. TTrit* for Hock
v\ I (^Philosophy of Marriage.
« v hailed rntt'.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
~~AT LAStT"
Medical Council and Laboratory Department.
f.£Lsfocmn,#EC.
No. 98 Pine St., New York,
To the Editor " San. Francisco CaJL M
In reply to your late advice,
am pleased to state that I have
discovered a reliable and abso-
lute cure for the dreaded con- ,
sumption; also for throat, bron-
chial and lung troubles, winter
coughs and catarrh, scrofula,
rheumatism, general decline or
weakness, loss of flesh and all
wasting-away conditions.
By its timely use thousands
of apparently hopeless cases have
been permanently cured.
I know that there are many of
your readers who would be bene-
fited or cured, if they would
allow me to advise them in the
use of my new discoveries. * -.
So proof-positive am I of its
power to cure, based upon actual
experience, and to. better de-
monstrate their wonderful mer-
its, I will send Three Free Bot-
tles (the Slocum New System of - r
Medicine) to any of your readers
who will write me at my Labora-
tory, 98 Pine Street, New York,
giving their postoffice and ex-
press address.
Always sincerely yours,
Editor's Note :— We publish the
Doctor's fac-simile letter for the benefit
of our readers. Every sufferer should
take advantage of the liberal : offer.
He makes no charge for medicine or
correspondence-advice. . When writing
Dr. Slocum, kindly mention th e San
Francisco Call." ' .
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
TO-NIGHT AT 8:16.
POPULAR CONCERT
Oivpn by
THE GREAT FRENCH VIOLINIST,
HENRI MARTEAU,
— AND—
AIME LACHAUME,
PIANIST. Assisted by
A GRAND ORCHESTRA I
Conductors— LACHAUME and MARTEAU.
Prices 50c. 75c. $1 and $150
Seats on Sale at the Box Office from 10 a. m.
To-day.
SPECIAL— Marteau-Lachaume Recital, Met-
ropolitan Temple, Wednesday Evening, March
23. Peats at San Francisco Music Store, 225
Sutter st.
F»OF*ULAR. PRICES.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1597, and for th»
year ending on that day. as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,;
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as '■ per
blank furnished by the Commissioner. "
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash .-. J 500.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company: 1,276,279 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as c011atera1........ 8,000 00
Cash in banks...... ..'..:. 113,856 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 13,212 00
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion .................. 190,840 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 4.593 00
Policy stamps on hand 1,254 00
Total assets $1,608,034 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses . adjusted and unpaid, losses
in process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, Including
expenses _...;...................:: $ 154,575 00
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks, gross prem-
iums on marine time risks 154.395 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 93,479 00
Total 1iabi1itie5............ "..» 402,449 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums $ 659,33100 '
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources...- 84.463 00
Total 1nc0me...... $ 693,784 00
.' v: EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 483.138 CO
Dividends to stockholders. 60,000 00
Paid for salaries, fees ■ and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc..:.. 88,309 24
Paid for State, National - and local .
taxes . 7,363 76
All other payments and expenditures . . 6,082 00
Total expenditure 5.........."........* 584,843 00
Marine losses incurred during the
year --..-• .......' 498,760 00
Marine Prem- :
Risks and Premiums. Risks. turns.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year....... $102,263,140 $331,231 00
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year 101,698,855 511,606 00
Net amount in force De- • " -^— ■»
cember 31. 1897 ..;........ 9.436.4651 154,395 00
' J. WILLIAMSON, President.
JOHN GICK, Secretary. ■
Subscribed and sworn t» before me this 25th,
day of February. 1898. W. •J. SULIS, ". .
United States Vice-Consul 'at Liverpool. :
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,
General Agents.., '.'
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
Managers.
208 San some' Street, S. P.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968.
Pennyroyal Pitts
ENNYROYAL PILLS
■ -^"~"V - Oric'»»l and Only Oeaatne. .A.
V*^/TAvV " ; »»' e < slw»yi reliable. ■•- ladies uk S\
f> r\ V»5« Dra*gi.'t for Oilc/tetter $ English DiaiO\\
£M&pSS&&mond Brand In Bed and Odd m«UlUe\%Mr '
* : —^fc-f-ihoiei. sealed with blue ribbon. Take Vy '■ -
nR #^ »yjao »thcr. Refute dangerotui ru&<H(u> V
I"/ - — - /jf Horn ana imitatlms. At Drnf:i?iiit«, or unit 4*.
I Wm IP In «amp» ' for -particulars, t»»tiaionlalr aad
• ■•> © " Kellef far Ladles," in letter, \>r rMnra i
«^» •/; I? Mb.II. l«,OeO r"stimoni»!». Kmme Ajiir.
"*— -r"Cfclche«tcrChe»alc»lC!<».,M»<ll»oaa<jaa»«, ■
Md taj all Local DroTtUU. - - ' _■•-■■ Jr*UILA» A., fij .
DR.MCNULTY.
npmsi WKLL-KITOW9 AND RKLTABLE OL1»
, -l.:Spe«-i»llstc«re«Prlvate,NervouB,Bloodand6kin- .-'
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over ■
COyears' experience. Send for Book, free. ■. Patients '
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 toS'v
daily;6:3o toB.3oev'es. Sundays, 10 to 12. Conaulta- r
* tiou free and sacredly con flden tial - Call oraddreaa
P. ROSCOE WCNUI.TWY SI. 0.. "
SC.tj Kearnr Street. San FrUßßltWi C«4
78
HATRED OF
THE FRENCH
FOR GERMANS
Illustrated by an In
cident on the
Frontier.
Customs Officials Have
an Encounter on the
Boundary Line.
Interest. Seems to Be Slowly
Dying Out in the Dreyfus
Affair.
ZOLA'S APPEAL PENDING.
Rumors That Major Esterhazy, De
spite Protection, Will Be Made to
Figure In a New Light.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, March 19.— An incident, the
importance of which need not be ex
aggerated, caused some excitement on
the eastern frontier. A captain of
German customs ventured to pass the
boundary line and was seized by some
French women, thrown down and
struck. Other German officials came
to their fellow countryman's assistance
with loaded guns, and threatened to
fire on the French if their prisoner was
not released. The latter then escaped,
but the incident was reported to the
t, who ordered an inquiry to as
certain whether the imputed violation
of territory by German officers was
t and whether intentional or not.
Nothing will come of it, but the inci
dent illustrates the mental excitement
prevailing in certain districts where
French and Germans are continually in
contact.
In circles where the Dreyfus affair,
which luckily no longer figures in the
daily balance sheet, is discussed, they
whisper that an incident which will
place Major Esterhazy in a different
position in spite of the protection
hitherto given him will turn up short
ly. On the other hand, what seems to
indicate little hope of revision of the
Dreyfus trial, is a letter from the Min
ister of Colonies to Mme. Dreyfus, who
asks to share her husband's captivity.
3~er letter was dignitied and touching
and most of the papers published it
without comment. One or two ex
pressed the hope that her request
■would be granted and be considered as
an end of the sad affair, it having
reached a point where sentiments of
humanity are admissible. The Minister
for Colonies, under the circumstances,
could hardly have replied in the af
firmative, as the Government is de
termined to avoid everything that could
furnish fresh elements to discussion that
has been too long and has excited
and divided all parties. For the same
reason the date of the decision of the
Court of Cassation on Emile Zola's ap
peal is deferred. They talk now of
its being postponed to next month.
I must mention a touching outburst
of charity among Parisians at the
news that the favorite actress of the
Palace Royal Company, Alice Lavigne,
who has been struck blind. Her sight
was long weak and affected by the
footlights. Now she is forever plunged
into darkness. With that spontaneous
generosity peculiar to the dramatic
profession all the artists in Paris, Mme.
Rejant at the head, have organized a
benefit, where box seats cost 1000
francs, and which will bring a large
sum.
, Antonius Aurellus, King of Arau
cania, has died at Marseilles. A French
man by birth, he became an American
and as Yon Tonneins traveled in Eu
rope. After founding the kingdom he
conferred titles and orders of Etoile de
Kounani, ■which some recipients still
wear. Driven away by his subjects
he came to France and led a precarious
life, but the French explorer, M. L#e
Baux, relates that he found among the
Indians in Araueania vestiges of mon
archical European ceremonials. Aure
lius may perhaps have solaced his dis
appointments by the thought that he
only preceded In dissolution by short
time the planet over a portion of which
he ruled. M. Rudolf Falb, an Aus
trian savant, informs us that our
planet will only keep its place in the
solar system a few months. On No
vember 13, 1599, the earth will disap
pear.
FRANK BELEW'S WIFE
VISITS HIM -IN PRISON
Goes to Arrange for the Maintenance
of the Murderer's Two
Children.
SUISUN, March 19.— Frank Belew was
to-day visited by his wife, who came to
the Jail at her husband's urgent request.
The meeting was for the purpose of mak
ing arrangements for the maintenance of
his two little children. The interview
lasted about two hours. Mrs. Belew
promised to visit her husband again next
week for the purpose of settling matters
regarding the disposition of his share of
his deceased brother's and sister's estate.
Secretary Gage Speaks.
PITTSBURG, March 19.— At the annual
banquet of tno. Chamber of Commerce of
I'lttsburp, given at the Duquesne. Club
this evening, Lyman J. Gage, Secretary
of the Treasury of the United States, was
the principal guest of honor and speaker.
His speech was listened to with the clos
est attention, and the speaker was heart
ily applauded. Mr. Gape was followed by
a number of local orators, and the affair
wound up at about midnight.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Try One Free !
v^^^ If You Like Our Methods Have
Nite^ Them All Filled. No Pain and All Work
l^rj^ Guaranteed to Stand.
G P.^?^l I L 5> T ?r S^;^" •• ••••••••• 73c up I CLEANING TEETH.... .....:...... ..50c up
Ai>l £hS& l^?^ 1 , 03 ..--..;.25c up I BRIDGEWORK. per tooth $3 DO up
CEMENT FILLINGS 25c up GOLD CROWN. 52-karat $3 50 up
FULL SET OF TEETH. With Extraction Free ...*5 of>
UZANE DENTAL CO.
Of New York,
CORNER MARKET, OFARRELL AND GRANT AYE. ENTRANCE 6 O'FARRELL.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.; 7 p. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays, all day.
MRS. BURNETT
NOW SEEKS
A DIVORCE
Sues to Secure Free
dom From Her
Husband.
The Author of "Little Lord
Fauntleroy" Had Years
of Discord.
Remained Near Dr. Burnett
Until Their Son Attained
His Majority.
VERY JEALOUS OF HER.
Success of the Talented Woman in
Her Writing the Cause of the
Ensuing Estrangement
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— Mrs. I
Frances Hodgson Burnett, the well
' known author of "Little Lord Fauntle- j
! roy," "A Lady of Quality," "His Grace \
of Oamonde," and other books which '
have gained wide circulation, to-day in- j
! stituted divorce proceedings in the Su- :
! preme Court of the District of Colum- !
j bia against her husband. Dr. Swan M. ;
Burnett. The grounds upon which a
! decree is asked is desertion and failure \
to support. The charge, to a large ex- j
tent, is purely technical. For about
three years Mrs. Burnett and her hus
band have lived apart, and none of ;
their intimate friends were surprised >
to-day to learn that steps had been i
taken to secure a legal separation.
The circumstances which led up tc !
j and caused action to be taken to se- I
I cure a divorce cover a considerable ;
period of years. During her early ca
reer it is said that Dr. Burnett was |
very proud of his wife's ability, and |
the first years of their married life !
were happy. Two children were born — j
! Lionel, who died several years ago, !
j and Vivian, who is now 21 years oM. !
• and a student at Harvard. According j
! to an impression which generally piv- ;
\ vails, he was the boy character upon
which Mrs. Burnett founded her story
i of "Little Lord Fauntleroy."
Intimate friends of both Dr. and Mrs.
Burnett had known for a long time of j
, their strained relations and they only |
remained as husband and wife for the
sake of their child, and until he should
become of age and able*to care for him
self. All during the time that he was ;
' in the High School in this city, there i
! was domestic discord. Husband and |
wife were rarely ever seen together, j
and conducted themselves toward one !
I another only as acquaintances. Mrs.
1 Burnett is a woman of pleasing ap
i pearance and much personal magnet- |
| ism. While her husband is of less than I
I ordinary stature and is a cripple, it la
i said, too, that while a man of some j
i means, an oculist enjoying a large
I practice and a writer on scientific sub
: Jects, he nevertheless grew jealous of
I his wife's reputation, which exceeded
; his, as did also her fortune from her
I books.
While their son was preparing to go
: to college and Mrs. Burnett was on her
way hcrme from Europe, two years ago
last fall, Dr. Burnett moved from their
residence, in Massachusetts avenue, and
took a house in Farragut Square.
[ This, it is said, is the desertion charged
in the suit for divorce. Friends, know
ing that their differences could never
; be reconciled, have frequently advised
I that a divorce be secured.
It is the understanding that the pro
ceedings are with the mutual consent
of Dr. Burnett and Mrs. Burnett, and
! looked upon more as a business matter.
| Dr. Burnett will not discuss the case,
| but his friends say that he will not file
I a cross bill or take any steps to pre
i vent Mrs. Burnett from securing a de
i cree. She is at present in England,
'■ having sailed from New York about
! ten days ago, in company with a wom
an friend.
The papers were made out and signed
by Mrs. Burnett some time before she
left Washington, and immediately
upon her arrival in England she in
structed her attorney to file the bill,
as she did not wish to have the em
barrassment of having the proceed
ings begun while she was here. Her
friends say that her recent book, "A
Lady of Quality," not long ago, fol
lowed by "His Grace of Osmonde,"
was a financial success, and she is
likely to travel abroad for some time
and secure material for another novel.
Gladstone's Condition Worse.
LONDON, March 19.— The Pall Mall
Gazette says Gladstone's general con
dition is appreciably worse. It adds: "It
was Ms own wish to be moved to Ha
j waiden with as little dqfay as possible.
! Whatever the precise nature of the
J facial pains, neuralgia or the presence
! of some unhealthy growth, there can be
mo doubt that, though intermittent,
i they have occasioned severe suffering,
! and it necessarily follows that his
| physical powers and heart's action
i have become gravely enfeebled."
The health of the Marquis of Salis
bury is greatly improved.
Finds a Floating Corpse.
SACRAMENTO. March 19.— This morn
ing as the launch Belvidere was coming
up from Rio Vista, the captain saw the
body of a man floating near the Yolo
side of the river, about ton miles below
this city. He tied it to the bank and no
tified the authorities. The body was that
of a good-sized man, dressed in a bicycle
suit, and had been _In the water some
time.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SITXDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
EMPEROR
WILLIAM A
DIPLOMAT
Clever .Ruse in Ignor
ing a Slight of
Prince Regent.
Evades a Visit to Bavaria,
Remembering Insults
of the Past.
New Decrees Expected to Be
Directed Against American
Goods in Germany.
NEW MEAT INSPECTION.
United States Consuls Fear It Will
Be Construed Unfairly and Seri
ously Injure Imports.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, March 19.— The strained
relations between the Prince Regent
of Bavaria and the Emperor were
strikingly illustrated by the former's
invitation asking his Majesty to at
tend the unveiling of a bust of Em
peror William I in the "Walhall at Ra
tisbon, although it was known to
everybody that the Emperor had ar
ranged to unveil the same day three
statues in honor of his ancestors on
the Sieges Allee. The Regent's invita
tion was evidently intentionally sent
so late that it was impossible to
change the plans. The Emperor re
plied to the slight characteristically
by deputizing Prince Frederick Henry,
the youngest and least* important of
the Prussian princes, to attend the
ceremony at Ratisbon in his behalf.
In court circles, it is said. Emperor
William still most unpleasantly re
members his reception at Nuremberg
last summer, when the people shouted
insulting epithets at him.
It is believed in parliamentary cir
cles that an important resolution will
be introduced in the Diet by the
Agrarian leaders, Yon Mendel and
Ring, asking for a uniform and rigor
ous inspection of meats at frontier
stations and urging the Government
to exert influence to secure a similar
decree from the Bundesrath.
If it be passed the measure will be a
hit at all foreign meats, and the United
States Consuls fear it may be construed
unfairly and seriously injure American
imports. The sugar manufacturers of
the Rhine, at a special meeting just
held, have requested the Government
to inform them definitely whether the
proposed conference on the sugar
bounty question is to meet at Brussels.
There is widespread complaint at the
delay and uncertainty. The belief that
the conference would meet in February
had largely, affected sales and pur
chases, and its failure to meet would
have a disastrous effect on prices.
The first large auction of American
horses took place in Berlin this week.
All the prominent sporting men attend
ed, including Prince Carl Hugo yon
Hohenlohe, the Prince of Thurn and
Taxis and Baron yon Furstenberg. The
bidding was lively, and 300 horses were
sold in eighty minutes. Drivers and
riders averaged from 700 to 800 marks.
The Agrarian press is indignant, and
the Kreuz Zeitung expressed the hope
that the Government would take steps
to prevent "cheap American horses
from injuring domestic horse breed
ing. f <
The mission of Cardinal Kopp, Bish
op of Breslau, to Rome, is much com
mented upon. Advices from Rome in
dicate that it has been a failure, the
Pope deciding to continue to recognize
French protectorate of the Catholic
missions in China. France has been
actively opposing Cardinal Kopp.
A remarkable change in party poli
tics is believed to be imminent. It in
sures the adoption of the most impor
tant measures pending in the Reichs
tag and Diet, while it furnishes the
voters with definite issues for the com
ing campaign. The main issue will be
the commercial treaties, now pending,
which are largely in favor of indus
trial interests and detrimental to agri
cultural interest. They formerly met
with the Emperor's approval, and
brought honors to General yon Caprivi,
the former Chancellor, their framer.
The new treaties, according to the Gov
ernment, promise to be more favorable
to- agriculturists.
The Agrarian election manifesto just
issued is signed by the leaders of the
different conservative factions, and by
part of the National Liberal and Cen
trist parties, the new amalgamation
thus comprising about half the pres
ent representation in the Reichstag
and over half the Diet.
In opposition to this combination, all
the liberal and radical factions have
hooted these issues and they will be
supported by the socialists in uphold
ing the many lines of the political
treaties. The campaign has been
opened throughout Germany. The
commercial convention, sitting this
week in Berlin, representing all the
chambers of commerce and large in
dustrial firms of the country, unani
mously passed a resolution in favor of
the present treaties.
The Centrists having a hundr'd. votes
in the Reichstag, and consequently the
balance of power, are strenuously op
posed to forcing a new issue, as likely
to disrupt the party, which is already
split upon the naval bill and military
reform bill, part supporting them and
others, mostly the' South Germans, op
posing them. As a counter-demonstra
tion to that of the socialists and Lib
erals in honor of the celebration, the
officers of the Garde dv Corps decor
ated the monument over the graves of
the soldiers in the street fights, the
Emperor causing a wreath with his
initials to be deposited at the foot of
the memorial column.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON. March 19.— Ex-Senator
Charles N. Felton arrived In Washington
to-day. He is at the Albany. Charles J.
Steedman of San Frs.ncisco is at the
Riggs House. Mrs. George E. Morse and
daughter Marjorie of San Francisco are
visiting at the Whito House. Mrs. Morse
is a niece of the President.
Lillian McLaren was to-day appointed
postmistress at Trenton, Sonoma County
Cal., vice Philip Glass, resigned.
Pensions have been granted as follows-
California — Original: Randolph G. Glllett
Ferndale, $12; Horace B. Marshall, Stock
ton, $S. Restoration and reissue: Charles
\Y. Trumbull, dead, Benicla, $12. Original
widow, etc.: Lary J. Trumbull, Benicia
$8. Special. March 9: Bridget Ryan, Lob
Angeles, $8.
Oregon— Reissue: Adelbert Osborn Mer
lin, $12.
Washington— Original : Daniel A. Mor
rison, Boundary. $6. Increase: Achilles
W. Ballard, Tacoma, $9 to $20.
ALREADY
IN DREAD
OF FAMINE
Present Rush to Daw
son Viewed With
Alarm.
Hundred Argonauts Now
Where There Was
One Last Year.
Many Are Slipping Over the
Border Without Food
Supplies.
NOVEL PLAN SUGGESTED.
Klondikers Talk of Preventing Ship
ments of Gold That Would Ex
eita Man's Cupidity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. March 20.— The
steamship Tees arrived at mid
night from Skaguay, bringing
the news that the gamblers have
again resumed operations there
and are defying the citizens'
league. The bark Prussia, which
was ashore In Wrangel Narrows,
has been floated, and continued
her voyage to Skaguay.
DYEA, Alaska, March 14 (by steam
ship Queen to Seattle, March 19).—Ma
jor Duval, who came up the frozen trail
I from Dawson a few days ago, brings
I news of a unique and important na
ture. Old-timers on the Yukon and the
late comers who have been in the coun
j try long enough to become familiar
I with the general conditions, and also
I the representatives of the Alaska Com
mercial Company a:i<l the North Amer
ican Trading and Transportation Com
i pany are fearfully apprehensive of the
; conditions that will prevail at Dawson
j and on the Yukon next winter as a re
! suit of the rapidly increasing popula
j tion of the region. How all the incom
; ing thousands are going to be fed is
| the worrying question. Notwithstand
| ing the amount of provisions that was
] taken in last year by the commercial
i companies and individuals, the recent
; food shortage and starvation scare re
sulted. A hundred men are going in
; this year to one last year.
Even if the stat»- of water in the Yu
j kon is at its best and permits two or
three round trips bj the many steam
ships from St. Michael, sufficient food
j cannot be taken in. But the stats of
I water in the Yukon is a very uncertain
j quantity.
It is so problematical that only one
trip is as likely to be made as two or
three. The last season's experience
demonstrated this. Hundreds, empty- j
handed, will Flip through the Canadian ;
i police lines on the river beyond the
Cbilkoot and "White passes, despite the
utmost vigilance. The latest finds at i
Walsh and Lake creeks have well nigh j
crazed the floating population at Dyea J
and Skaguay.
Being thoroughly aware of these con
ditions, the hading men of Dawscrn are
considering the question of holding the
i whole output of gold in Dawson this
: spring when the water runs and the
I clean-ups are made from the mines, and
allowing noi a dollar more than is ac
| tually necessary for business purposes
1 to go out. This is what Major Duval
I says. They feel that if millions of dol
; lars' worth of nuggets and dust are
brought out on the first steamers from
St. Michael to Seattle and San Fran
i cisco next June the effect will be to so
j electrify the people of the country that
! they will flock into Dawson in much
: greater numbers than at present, and
I that even a possible war with Spain
cannot distract the attention of the
people from ground where gold is dug
out by the shovelful. The present rate
of the exodus to the Klondike, from
1000 to 2000 people a week being dumped
into Dyea, Skaguay and F<n-t Wrangel,
; already makes the food question a very
; serious one. Before the open season
I closes people with large outfits, owing
j to the congestion on the trails, will drop
most of their freight and go- on to Daw
son with what they con get in, just
I as they did last season.
The matter of allowing no gold to be
| shipped out of Dawson, or, if sent at
all, to ship it secretly under another
name, is being seriously considered in
Dawson. Some action along this line
may, from information available at the
coast gateways at this time, be looked
for. Consequently the public may not
be surprised or disappointed if the Ex
celsior and other first ships from St.
Michael next June do not bring out any
visible or announced quantity of gold.
Perhaps a search in the coal bunkers
might discover a few sacks, tfle con
tents of which will be heavy and yel
low.
Every man who has come out of the
Klondike during the last six weeks, with
whom I have talked, has said that if
the present rush to the Yukon country
runs on apace there will be unparalleled
suffering, starvation and death there
as sure as ice forms in the Arctic cir
cle. It is estimated by the latest out
comers over the 600 miles of frosty
traJl that the spring clean-up of gold
from Bonanza, El Dorado, Hunker, Do
minion and the other tributaries of the
Klondike will amount to between $7,
000,000 and $10,000,000
HAL HOFFMAN.
Crawford Going to Dawson.
PORTLAND, Or., March 19.— Captain
"Jack" Crawford, the poet scout, ar
rived here to-day from San Francisco
en route to the Klondike. He goes
to Alaska as the representative of
about fifty Eastern capitalists. Each
member of the corporation, which is
known as the Klondike, Yukon and
Copper River Company, has put up
from $1500 to $3500 for the development
of its property, which has already been
acquired. Crawford left for Seattle
this evening. There eight men will
join him.
Shasta Criminal Caught.
SALINAS, March 19.— Sheriff John L.
Matthews yesterday received a descrip
tion of a man named C. I>. Raper. who
was wanted in Shasta County for felony,
he having "jumped" his bail there. This
afternoon, while walking down Main
street, the Sheriff ran across a man an
swering the description and placed him
under arrest. When confronted with the
notice he acknowledged his identity. Ra
per will be held awaiting the arrival of
Shasta officers.
THE POSTAL
BILL PASSED
All Objections to the Big
Appropriations Are
Overcome.
But Mr. Loud Has a Lively
Time in Replying to
Criticisms.
Calls Down Silver Dick Bland and
SHjra Uncomplimentary Things
About Colleague Castle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 19.
There was a hot time in the House
this afternoon during the consideration
of the postofflce appropriation bill.
There were heated colloquies between
Loud of California, chairman of the
committee, and Representative Bland
of Missouri, and again between Loud
and Castle. Later in the day Barlow
of California took a hand in the pro
ceedings, and denounced Jerry Simp
son, a brother Populist, for voting sub
sidies to railroads.
Last night, just before the close of
the session, Chairman Loud excited the
ire of Bland and the Democratic side by
proposing to cut short the vote on the
Item for railroad mail transportation.
Bland Intimated that Loud was show-
{ Ta st night, just before the close of
session. Chairman Loud excited the
f Bland and the Democratic side by
osing to cut short the vote on the
for railroad mail transportation,
id intimated that Loud was show
ing favoritism to railroads, and de
nounced the appropriation of $30,500,000
as being wildly extravagant, and that
the increase of $1,700,000 over the ap
propriation of last year was unwar
ranted. • ■■■•: '.
Loud did not have sufficient time to
! reply to Bland yesterday afternoon, as
; the session was near its close, but this
j morning shortly after the House met he
i arose in his place, and vigorously de
i nounced the Missourian. Loud averred
: that he cared not for the criticisms of
the press when such criticism was un-
I just, nor did he care for utterances
: made by gentlemen on the floor when
they did not bear the imprint of truth.
"Some time ago," he said, "a com
mittee came down here from Brooklyn
'to urge a measure pending before
' Congress. They returned to their
I homes and declared that I had char
' acterized them as 'a pack of damned
; asses,' but this was not the truth lit
■ erally. Damned asses is not one of my
phrases. A great press association
; telegraphed broadcast over this coun
; try that my domineering manner in
I refusing amendments offered had de
| feated.the Loud postal bill. That as
! soclation is now enjoying the court
| esies of this House and its representa
tives are permitted to sit upon our
floor, but yet the reporter of the Bung
town Bladder, with 100 circulation,
| would have better sense than to inti
! mate that Congressmen are governed
! by petty prejudice when it comes to
' casting their votes on great appropria
\ tions. The gentleman from Missouri
i said that I was opposing any reduc
| tions in the appropriations to rail
j roads for mail transportation. .My
position upon this question is well
: known, for I have repeatedly said that
I the pay of railroads for such service
i should be reduced. I have never yet
j seen the time when I could not afford
,to I*? honest, and when that time
I comes I hope to God that I may sink
i down to perdition where dishonest
I men properly belong. The gentleman
from Missouri, as every member upon
! that side of the House knows, has
simply been playing to that part of the
; gallery which in a theater is known as
the 'nigger heaven.' When I was a
j boy the gentleman from Missouri was
j a member of Congress and our people
| believed him to be a great, good, hon
; orable and honest man. We hardly
jingled anything else in our pockets
j but Bland dollars. The great trouble
I with public men is that they live too
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
iOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO 0000000000000000 CO O 000000000000
» *— *— XX — — — *—*—*—*—*—»—♦; — *— *— i Jr— — »—*"«■.• X- ■*—*—*—*—*—»— -*— *— •»— -X — XX — »— *— H — — — X MiMj
)* -
I HOW TO BE STRONG.
)* 11 v/ VV .1 U, DL Ol rivyrNvJf*
> % "Wear Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, which Is credited with 10,000 cures of weak men last year— lo.ooo men
) I who had drugged and doctored until their stomachs were almost ruined; until they could pay no more drug
\l bills. Do You. Want to Be Strong? • >
>f Do You Want to Be Strong?
*# To feel the old vigor in your nerves, the old fire in your blood? Do you want to feel bright, energetic
) I joyous? Then let this wonderful vitalizer saturate your system with its life; let it pour the electric
) f warmth into your weakened body, and life will take.on a new brightness for you. It will be a pleasure to
j .{. live and to know that again you are a well man. _, , .
* j" See what this happy man has to say about it: ,
*? ™ xi. ,_ „ IGERNA, Cal.. March 15. I<W.
) I DR. A. T. SAN DEN— Dear r Sir: I hereby send you a report of my. condition as requested! and am glad to be in a
> T position to state that lam benefited by the use of your Belt to a wonderful degree.
. i From the first application of your belt I began to improve. I noticed a change immediately with my stomach
' I and bowels, and in a short- time the pain in my back and sides was less severe. I can say lam feeling fine My
) i back does not ache any more. lam not so nervous, and. better still. I can work hard without feeling tired at
I 1 night. I can sleep well and get up refreshed in the morning. I have noticed this more because last year doing the
' * same work. 1: would feel awful tired and weak at night, and would get up In the morning feeling worse Your Bait
)T has also helped my wife of her troubles, and I would not' take a gold mine in Klondike for it if I could not
» * get another. I cannot say too much in praise of your Sanden Belt, nor feel thankful enough for the mod your
'I . treatment has done us both. Yours gratefully, - ; . MR. F. E. WOOLSEY. Igerna, Slskiyou County, Cal.
;I READ THE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
. * This book is worth $100 to any man. who is ailing. It tells how strength is returned by Dr Sanden's
' i Belt, gives Prices and many testimonials. It is sent sealed free upon application. Call or address
•I S-A-ZSTOEISr ELECTRIC Cfo.o^^J^SSS.iSS&^
A or^*?^^^fs£^. :^^g^^^??asf.§S^rlSin < S!:' m * South B ™">»«-: *«*•*>.
)*<. NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— Market st.
I*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*—*— *— »— *— »— -V.— At— *— it— „ .. „ „ «„„.... .. .
long. They decay mentally and physi
cally."'
Bland in reply said that no one on
the floor would impugn Loud's hon
esty of purpose, but might criticize
his management of the bill.
At another stage of the discussion
Loud became engaged in a colloquy
with his colleague from California, Cas
tle, who had been arguing in favor of
a reduction, of this appropriation for
mail transportation. Castle proposed
that the amount be reduced from thirty
millions to three millions eight hundred
thousand, claiming that this would be
equivalent to 1 cent per pound on 380,
000,000 pounds. Loud turned upon his
California colleague and in tones of
deep disgust said:
"If I had a 10-year-old boy, Mr.
Chairman, who was as ignorant of
facts and got his figures so confused,
or so inaccurate us my associate from
California, I would be tempted to drown
him for a damned fool." (Great laugh
ter.)
Loud explained that the Postofflce
Committee in fixing the amount to be
paid railroads acted on the estimates
submitted by the Postofflce Department
and that it was incumbent upon Con
gress to provide the department with
the amount requested for railroad mail
transportation.
After further debate the House
passed the postoffice appropriation bill,
which has been under consideration
since Wednesday. The main points
of attack to-day were the appropria
tions of $30,000,000 for railway transpor
tation of mails and $171,000 for special
facilities between New York and New
Orleans, and $25,000 for special facilities
from Kansas City to Newton, Kans.
These items annually attract more or
less of a contest. This year the op
position seemed to be less intense. All
efforts to reduce the appropriation for
railroad transportation signally failed,
and the vote on the Southern mail sub
sidy was 77 to 98 against striking out.
By Jieat parliamentary maneuvering
the opponents of the subsidy were pre
vented from getting a direct vote on a
motion to recommit with instructions.
BOY ROBBERS
COME TO GRIEF
Twelve Lads Had Erected
Huts With Modern Elec
trical Appliances.
Material for Their Dime Novel Ar
rangements Secured by Raids
on Dwellings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March 19.— A gang of twelve
boy robbers belonging to the best families
in Wallaston, a fashionable suburb, was
arrested to-day. Back in the woods the
boys had erected several small huts In
regular dime novel style, and there had
stored thetr plunder. The little shanties
were connected with wires and bells, and
the boys had a regular electric outfit in
running order. It is alleged the boys ab
stracted the signal boxes of the New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
at Wallaston. The unoccupied houses
owned by Nathan Nickerson and Henry
Fenno at Wallaston and Henry G. Fay
and the John Holden estate at Wallaston
Park were entered and the electric bells
and connections stolen. They also broke
into the clubhouse of the Wallaston Golf
Club at Norfolk Downs and golf sticks
and balls were stolen from the lockers.
They were recovered a few days after the
burglary by Officer Connolly in a cluvert
near the Wallaston depot.
The ages range from 8 to 13 years.
This embryo Jesse James gang had built
a number of huts in the thickets of the
lowlands of Wallaston, where they had
hiddden their plunder. They had utilized
the electrical appliances stolen from the
houses mentioned to connect the huts for
electrical communication. The members
of the youthful gang belong to very good
families, and the injured parties are dis
inclined to prosecute the offenders. For
this reason the police refuse to divulge
the names of the boys.
Farmers May Yet Hope.
WOODLAND, March 19.— One of the
oldest and most experienced farmers In the
State has not lost hope on account of the
lack of rain. He says this season re
minds him of the spring of 1860. At this
time of the month the rainfall was as
deficient as it is now. But on the 22<1
of March it began to rain and continued
at intervals until the last of April. On
the sth day of April Putah Creek over
ran its banks. The hay crop was spoiled
that year, but the wheat crop was one
of the best ever harvested in the county.
BRITONS WIN
THE MATCH
America's Representa
tives Meet Defeat at
Chess.
Close of the Battle Fought on
the Trans-Atlantic
Cable.
Announcement of the Result Greeted
With. Hearty Cheers in
London.
Special Dlsjiatch to The Call. t
NEW YORK, March 19.— The interna
tional chess match between Great Brit
ain and the United States begun yes
terday was won by the Britishers by
Ito 4% games. Last year the Amer
is were defeated by their British,
onents by exactly the same figures,
le in the first match, played two
rs ago, the Americans were victori
by 4'_. to 3% sanies. Following are
details of the play on all the boards:
llsbury played a queen's gambit
inst Jilackburn, who declined to ac°
i the gambit pawn. Later Fillsbury
mged to establish a passed pawn on
king's tight, which seemed to be a
v advantage. However, the advan-
Beemed not strong enough to win,
although Pillsbury sacrificed his pawn to
get an attack, and he was finally obliged
to accept a draw.
Showaltcr, against Burn, also played a
queen's gambit, declined and was mas
terly throughout, his brilliant sacrifice
being a piece of work which gave tha
Kentuckian the victory.
The Bostonian, • Harry, selected a
queen's gambit opening against Caro.
Although it looked at a time as if tha
latter had the better position, Barry, by
a very ingenious and clever play, brought
about the defeat of his celebrated ad
v. rsary.
I very interesting game was played on
fourth board between Atkins and
mes. The New Jersey champion se
ed a French defense and gave Atklna
option To make a brilliant sacrifice
a. piece. Then, however, Hymes cama
to the occasion by most wonderful de
sive tactics and secured a draw,
ot too much praise can be bestowed
upon Hodges, who conducted a Ruy Lope*
against Bi-llingham. The Staten Islander
excelled both in aggressive and defensiva
movements and by sheer hard work ha
administered defeat to his rival.
Delmar was out of form in his contest.
His French defense against the Scottish
, champion. Mills, was weakly played. Th<j
latter secured the exchange and left Del
; mar in a hopeless position, when he re
signed.
A long drawn out game resulted be
tween Baird and Locock. This was an
I even contest throughout. From the be
! ginning to the end neither side was able
to claim any distinctive advantage at any
stage of the game, and so a draw was the
only legitimate result.
Young, who conducted a French de
| fense against Jackson; Robinson, who
! played a queen's pawn opening against
'< Jacobs, and Galbreath, who had to con
wit h a queen's pawn opening of
; Trenchard, were outmatched. They were
a on their merits, and the least said
! about it the better.
LONDON, March 19.— The closing
hour of play in the International cable
chess match was watched with the
greatest interest, and the result was
greeted with the heartiest cheers. Slr
George Newnes, president of the Brit
ish Chess Club, said:
"It was a most deligtitful match and
passed off without a hitch of any kind,
just as might be expected between such
sportaman-llke opponents. The next
time I will give a cup twice the size."
Though the match is considered won,
the games between Pillsbury and
Blackburn and Locock and Baird at-"-*
! tracted the greatest attention. Black- [
1 burn said:
"The last ten hours of my game has
been a draw, of course. Pillsbury rac
rificed his game in the interest of the
match. Had the matter gone to Lask
er, he could not have decided except in
favor of a draw."
Other experts are of the opinion that
had the game been flmsned Pill-jburv
would have won. The Locock-Baird
game was considered a draw, with Lo
| cock in the better position.THEY FAVOUR
THE FESTIVAL
San Rafael Ladies Are
Knthusiastic Over the
Carnival.
The Committee Hard at Work
Enlisting the Support of
Tow nspeople".
Will Probably Be Held in May Owing
to the Backwardness of the
Flower Gardens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 19.— Bright
and early this morning the ladies cm
whom has been placed the duty of can
vassing the town for an expression of
sentiment on the holding of a rose car
nival in May, were out among their
neighbors and acquaintances, discuss
ing features and attractions, as well as
the best time for holding the fete, for
it was only necessary to mention "rose
carnival" for the recipient of a call to
enter upon details, as though there
could be no question as to its success.
A general invitation has been extend
ed to the ladies of San Rafael to at
tend the meeting of the committee on
Monday afternoon, at which time the
project will be definitely decided upon.
■While it is evident that not a single
voice will be raised against it, the la
dies want assurance of the active co
operation Of everybody, and this they
are determined to have before they
proceed any further. To-day there is
not a member of the committee who
has the slightest doubt that this assur
ance will be given.
Mrs. A. W. Foster this morning noti
fied those ladies of the committee who
were absent from last night's meeting
of the action taken by the citizens and
the responsibility resting upon them,
and during the day consulted with sev
eral of the members.
"Many ladies living in San Rafael,"
said Mrs. Foster, "who have visited
similar festivals in other places in past
years have returned filled with the
idea of holding a flower show at home,
and without exception they have ex
pressed the sentiment that there is no
place in California better adapted for
eueh an affair than San Rafael. No
where do roses bloom in greater pro
fusion or are the varieties more va
ried than here, yet many places not
nearly so favored as we are give most
creditable displays each year. Some of
them even find it necessary to make
heavy drafts upon the gardens of San
Kai'uel to complete their attractions,
while we would have more than enough
flowers right at home to fill the re
quirements of the most elaborate dis
play.
"I think one reason why San Rafael
has been so backward in entertain- |
ments of this character is because of
our proximity to San Francisco.-, ' ±,i lt
l\nj* been much, easier to run over to !
the city for our amusements than to j
prepare them ourselves, as those liv
ing farther away must do. If we had
to depend upon our own exertions for j
amusement we would have established (
flower fetes long ago.
'•Since the subject has been agitated \
I have talked to many ladies about it ■
and am gratified to say that I have only i
met one who raised the slightest objec- j
tion. That lady favored the plan, but j
was apprehensive that there was not |
enough time to prepare for it and sug- ;
gested that it might be well to postpone ;
it until next year. I told ncr that next \
year would see us in exactly the same j
position we are in now. If we ever j
did anything we would have to make a j
beginning, and we could do that as well
this year as next."
Regarding the suggestion emanating
from the Ten Thousand Club that the j
carnival be held daring the latter part j
of April, the ladies believe that owing
to the late season it is too early and j
that a week or two later would be much j
better. Mrs. Foster said she had in- i
spected her rose bushes to-day and j
found them very backward, and unless
we had warm weather from this time
on the blossoms would not be in their
full glory by that time. She thought it
would be much better to hold it during
the first week in May, when the gar
dens would surely be burdened with
their treasures. This opinion was
shared by several other members of the
committee.
Mrs. L. A. Lancel has been busy all
day enlisting supporters of the carni
val and Is satisfied that Monday's
meeting will result in a decision to pro
ceed with the plan. In this she is fully
indorsed by Mrs. and Miss Elliott, Mes
dames Dreypolcher, Christiansen,
Whittemore, Ham, Butler, G. H. Fos
ter and Harrison. The other member
of the committee. Mrs. R. H. Warfleld,
is enthusiastic over the fete, and has
given her promise of stanch support.
But to name the ladies who have also
done this would be to publish the social
directory of San Rafael.
Ward McAllister, the leader of the
Hunt Club, has promised to do all in
his power to assist" the affair, and will
arrange for a cavalcade of aids, com
posed of members of the club, both
ladles and gentlemen, mounted on their
thoroughbred hunters, for the big pa-
X*£L(3€< ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"77"
BREAKS UP
COLDS
"Seventy-seven" is Dr. Humphreys'
famous Specific for the cure of Colds
and prevention of Pneumonia.
I prize "77" for Grip and Colds more
than words can tell, and many a poor
one baa biased me for the relief af-
forded.— The REV. C. H. H. PANNELL,
Tannersville, N. Y.
I have used "77" for La Grippe and it
cured me quick; it also cured two of
my friends by taking two or three
Bmall bottles. WE T. KEELES, 3656
Wabash aye., Chicago.
"77" cures Grip, Influenza, Catarrh
Pains and Soreness in the Head and
Chest, Cough, Sore Throat and Fever.
At druKgißta r,r spnt prepaid on receipt of
price. 25c, 50c or $1.
ABk for Dr. Humphreys' Bpeclflc Manual of
all diseases at your Druggist's or Mailed free.
Humphreys' Medicine Company, New York.
PUT TO FLIGHT
BY BUCCANEERS
Pirates Rout the People
of a Village in
Tonquin.
Russia Backing China in De
mands to Be Made
Upon Japan.
Sultan of Johoro Badly Wounded by
a Cartridge Explosion While
Hunting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 19.— The Northern
Pacific steamship Victoria arrived this
afternoon, bringing Hongkong advices
to February 23 and Yokohama advices
to March 5.
An encounter recently took place at
Vanhai, in Tonquin, between a gang of
pirates and the inhabitants of that
place. The citizens made a sturdy de
fense, but as they were surprised and
poorly armed they soon retreated, leav
ing the pirates in control. They made
one brave dash, and succeeded in res
cuing a number of the town's most
prominent citizens, whom the pirates
had captured and intended to hold for
ransom. Four lives were lost and a
large number wounded. A mandarin
of the district was killed while leading
the villagers against their assailants.
A sensation has been created at
Shanghai by proof that native detect
ives there are in the habit of torturing
their prisoners to obtain confessions,
and thereby demonstrate their prowess.
Recently some priso-ners submitted to
being burned with hot irons before they
would confess to having stolen a miss
ing launch, of which theft they were
innocent. On being released they made
an exposure of the detectives' methods,
resulting in the arrest of five of the
sleuths, three of whom have been sen
tenced to from two to three years' im
prisonment.
A serious explosion occurred in the
coal mines at Kebao, China. Fourteen
native miners were killed and a large
number injured. Several members of
a European mining staff were in an
other jpoz'tion of the mine, but escaped.
Thomas Gay of the American ship
Luzon has been found guilty of arson
in the first degree at Shanghai and
sentenced to two years' imprisonment
with hard labor by Consul-General
Goodnow. He attempted to fire his
own ship.
Peking dispatches printed in the late
Japanese papers state that the Chi
nese Government, backed by Russia, is
preparing to use part of the money Just
raised in England in paying off the
balance of the Japanese war indemnity.
China will then demand that Japan va
cate Weihaiwei. It is doubtful if Ja
pan will consent to leave at this junc
ture. If she does it is expected Eng
land will succeed her in occupying Wei
haiwei. Singly or together they in
tend to keep a footing on the northern
<'hinp.se mainland so long as Russia
occupies Port Arthur. Russia is ac
credited with making nine out of every
ten points in the political chess game
now being played at Peking. It is
Russia in reality that wants the Ja
panese and English out of Northern
China.
The Chinese Minister in America is
reported to have some time ago sent a
dispatch to the Viceroy of Canton, ask
ing that the exporting of rice to Amer
ica be allowed, because most of the
Chinese in this country are Canton
people and are in the habit of eating
rice. The Viceroy is» willing that the
rice shall be exported under the cir
cumstances named; but native chari
table associations oppose it for the rea
son that the rice crop in that section
is very short and they fear their con
tributions will be lessened if the rice
supply is diminished.
Last month the people of Shik Loong, '
a suburb of Canton, rose up and de
stroyed a rice ship which persisted in
exporting rice to foreign countries. Its
proprietors had stored a large quan
tity for export and refused to offer it
for sale when the townspeople so de
manded. A food riot ensued, in which
he killed one of the villagers. The pop
ulace then broke in, carried away
every pound of rice and destroyed
everything the proprietor owned. Dur
ing the struggle two men were tram
pled to death.
All Canton was greatly frightened
on February 18 by black clouds which
rolled over the city from the ocean.
The people believed the tailless dragon
was coming to do evil, and scores of
small boats sought places of safety.
Gongs and drums were beaten by the
people on land and guns fired from
the gunboats in the hope of scaring
the dragon away. That night the
clouds passed away and the people
experienced great joy.
The inhabitants of Shantung prov
ince are still wrought up against for
eigners, particularly missionaries. The
Governor of the province is kept in
hot water to restrain them, knowing
his own head will pay the penalty of
any violence. He asked the Canton
Government for 1000 picked soldiers,
which were hurried forward last
month. The black flag general has
hired 5000 soldiers to re-enfojce the
garrisons in the various forts of Tiger
Pass.
The Sultan of Johore, while hunting,
attempted to extract a cartridge from
his gun. The charge exploded, blow
ing the brass butt of the shell deeply
into his left cheek. He stood the in
tense pain heroically for hours before
reaching medical attendance. He may
lose the sight of his left eye.
Vladivostok advices state that the
Siberian railroad has been completed
from the coast to Khabarovsk, several
hundred miles inland.
The total losses by the recent grreat
fire at Manilla reached $2,000,000, wit*
$700,000 insurance.
MR. MACKAY TO WED
MISS DUER IN MAY.
Ceremony Will Be Witnessed by Bel
atives and a Few Friends
Only.
NEW YORK. March 19.— According to
her present plans, Miss Katharine Duer
will be married to Clarence H. Mackay
at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
William A. Duer, on Tuesday, May 17.
The ceremony will be very quiet and will
be witnessed by a limited number of rela
tives and intimate friends.
The plans for the wedding: are not yet
completed. In all probability Miss Duer's
bridesmaids will be Miss Katharine Niel
boh youngest daughter of Mrs. Freder
ick Nlelson; Miss Lila Sloane, Miss Daisy
Leiter, Miss Everlyn Burden and Miss
May Goelet. Mr. Mackay's best man and
ushers have not yet been announced.
Mr. Mackay will give a large theater
party on Friday night next in honor of
Miss Duer, a supper to follow at the Wal
dorf-Astoria. The trip to Canada has
been postponed until some time next
month.
Mme. Bernhardt Convalescing.
LONDON, March 19— Mme. Sarah Bern
hardt, who underwent an operation some
time since, is now occupying apartments
at the Pavilion Henri Quatre. at Saint
Germain, where she is convalescing rap
idly.
THE SAX FBANCTSCO CALL, SUXDAY, MABCH 20, 1898.
LAUNCHING OF
THE SENATOR
Another Steel Steamer
for the Juneau-Dyea-
Skaguay Trade.
Successful Trial Trip of Kim
ball & Company's New
Steamer Dirigo.
Departure of the Oregon for Callao,
Where Her Final Orders Will
Be Received.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Compa-
I nys new steamer Senator was launched
I from the Union Iron Works yesterday.
i She was named after the old side
j wheel steamer Senator, and Miss Ella
F. Goodall did the christening. The
• yld Senator formerly belonged to Good
: all, Perkins & Co., but when she had
I outlived her usefulness the paddle bux
| es and wheels and engines were taken
out, and she was bark rigged. From
! here she was sailed to Auckland, New
I Zealand, where she was turned into a
I coal hulk, and is still doing duty as
i such.
The launching took place at 9:10 a.
j m. in the presence of a big crowd of
: people. Several tug boats and the oom-
I pany's steamer Pomona, with a large
party of invited guests aboard, were
j present. Among those on the Pomona
I were Captain Charles Goodall and Ed
| win Goodall, Mrs. Charles Webb How
j ard, Mrs. Le Grande Canon Tibblts, H.
i J. Knowles, H. H. Adams and party,
K. G. Brown and party, William Ma
gee and family, General and Harry
HaughfTi, Mr. and Mrs. W. Gwin, Wil
'• liam H. Fisher and family, John L..
I Howard, Mr. and Mrs. Davis of Ross
j Valley, Charles K. Field and a host of
i others. After the launch the Pomona
■ returned to Broadway wharf to land
| those who had business to attrnd to.
Captain Debney then took her around
j the bay on an excursion, and showed
I the company's guests all the eights.
When completed the Senator will
j take the Australia's place on the Dyea
j Skaguay run, the latter vessel return
! ing to the Honolulu trade. The steam
j er Curacoa, which is now being over
i hauled, will take the Orizaba's place in
the Mexican trade, and the Orizaba
'. will probably be placed on the south-
I crn route. Chief Engineer Robinson of
i the Pomona will go as chief of the
Senator. He superintended the fitting
out of the Pomona after she was
launched from the Union Iron Works,
and now he will do the same duty for
I the Senator. First Assistant Engineer
I Dolan of the Pomona, will go out as
chief. The Senator is 280 feet long, 38
feet broad, 21 feet deep and 2200 tons
gross burden. She is expected to be a
thirteen-knot ship, and will have ac
commodations for 110 cabin and 300
i steerage passengers.
A sidewheel steamer for the Yukon
■ River trade is being built at North
i Beach for G. Cashmore of Oakland. Hhe
will be 175 feet long, 36 feet broad and
I 9 feet high from her keel to the top of
the deckhouse. She will only draw a
foot of water. The steamer is to be
ready in twn months, and Captain
Walter Childs will take her to St. Mi
chael, where she will load f < r Dawsun
City.
Mrs. Eugenia Schuller was removed
from the Harbor Receiving Hospital
to St. Mary's Hospital yesterday. She
■ bore the moving well, and the doctors
I now say that if blood poisoning does
! not set in she will recover.
Lightship No. 70 will have her trial
i trip to-morrow morning. Major Davis
I of the lighthouse engineers and Captain
Davies and Chief Engineer Black of the
lighthouse tender Madrono will g-o out
on the vessel, and Captain A. T. Lowell
will be in command. Lightship No. 70
will go to her anchorage April 9.
The barkentine Fremont came out of
retirement In Oakland Creek yesterday
and went on the drydock for an over
| hauling. She will leave for Alaska
early in April and will be the flrstof the
codfishing fleet to get away.
The French steamer La Madeleine!
from New Whatcom for Guayaquil with
; lumber, stopped off this port for in
structions yesterday. Some provisions
and the captain's sailing orders wore
sent out by the tug Sea King and then
the steamer proceeded on her way,
J. S. Kimball & Co.'s new steamer
Dirigo had her trial trip on the bay
y, pterday. She proved to be fast and a
splendid sea boat. She leaves for Dyea,
Skaguay and Copper River with about
100 miners to-morrow, but will call at
Seattle on the way to take aboard
about 200 more. Every berth by the
Dirigo was taken some weeks ago, but
there was some delay in getting her
ready, so the gold hunters drew down
their deposits and took passage by the
Humboldt.
The battle-Shi-^ Oregon got away for
Callao yesterday. As she passed down
the bay all the tugs and ferry steamers
saluted and many of the sailing ve^ysels
dipped their flairs. The big warship
looked very deep in the water as she
parsed along the front. She has itiOO
tons of coal aboard, and also 400 tons
of ammunition, besides all the stores
for a long cruise. She will go from here
to Callao and there her final orders will
be given.
KNIGHTS AT PLAY.
First Annual Entertainment and
Ball of the "Infernal Order of
the Kings of Purgatory.'^
The members of the "Infernal Order of
the Kings of Purgatory" gave their first
annual entertainment and ball at Odd
Fellows' Hall last night. The novelty of
the entertainment with the expectation of
LAUNCHING OF THE SENATOR.
observing something out of the usual
channel of fun brought out as large a
crowd as could conveniently cram itself
into the large hall.
The Council <>f Dignitaries consisted of:
Lucifer George M. Hermance; Sublimo
King of Kings, George W. Monteith; Most
High King of Spades, A. L. Wells; Most
High King of Hearts. M. A. Samuels;
Most High King of Clubs, Ray Hard;
Most High King of Diamonds, Fred Rad
elfinger; Most Excellent Knave of Spades,
C. T. Grnmme; Most Excellent Knave of
Hearts N. L. Chace; Most Excellent
Knave of flubs, George Rabbitt; Most
Excellent Knave of Diamonds, R. L. Pat
terson; Sublime Pontilicial Patriarch. A.
Hoffmann; Royal Chamberlain, D. H.
Sklllin; Royal < "mptroller of Exchequer,
11. Scnaffner: Royal Keeper of the Rolls,
H. C. Hincken; Royal Herald, R. E.
I,ange; Royal Kqnery, A. J. Morrison:
First Witch, Joseph J. Williams; Second
Mitch, N. I- < 'lia.ee; Third Witch. A.
Hoffman; Robinson Crusoe, U. N. Knon;
Vnele Sam. C. T. Gromme; Candidates,
11. C. Hlncken, 11. Strieker; attendant,
H. Robinson. Stage director, George- M.
Hermance.
These officials occupied positions on the
stage, robed in ancient costumes of days
long gone by. The farce opened with a
burlesque In which such prominent citi
zens as ('. I. Huutlngton, "Blinker" Mur
phy, C. C. O'DonneU, Sam Rainey, Long
John Wllkins. l>r. Rottanzi and His Whis
kers Judge Campbell were proposed for
membership. Several objections were of
feree! against their admission and they
went by the board until the name of Dr.
Rottanzi was r< ached, when quite a dis
cussion was had on his availability. It
was finally agreed that the doctor was
not eligible for the degrees conferred In
purgatory, but w.is a lit candidate for
the higher degree of that conferred in
Bhebl; lie wns passed on his merits.
The Initiation of two candidates was full
of humor, especially the s nd degree.
in which Dante's Inferno was but a mild
picture nf the lavish consumption of sui
phur which was burned in cleaning the
two candidates of their crimes prepara
tory to their being- admitted to fellow
ship with the kings of the middle region.
The spectacular and lurid 8ta«« effects
were representative enough to give a vivid
picture of what preachers in early days
presented to their flocks In order to keep
them on the straight road to the good
place above.
After the stage pcenery and the bur
lesque lnitlatii ■ bad been gone through
with, the hall was cleared of the seats
;md dancing became the order of the
night.
GUN PLAKT FOB, BENICIA.
Local Commercial Bodies Will Likely
Petition for One There.
The annual election of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers* Association will be
held on next "Wednesday. The' nominat
ing committee, consists of F. L.
Brown, L. R. Mead and A. Sbarboro, is
busy at work trying to find suitable mate
rial for the next board of directors. It is
believed that while some of the present
board will be retained there will be a
number of new faces at the next regular
meeting. President i\>rr announces that
he will not again assume the duties of
the position he has held so satisfactorily
to tho association for the past year. Ho
has been obliged to give much time to the
affairs of that body which he feels
should bo given to hi.-> private business.
Before ho steps down and out Mr. Kerr
will present to the directors a matter
which he thinks should receive their at
tention.
He wishes tho association to make an
effort to secure the co-operation of all
the commercial bodies of this city and
State in a petition to Congress and the
authorities at Washington to have ee
tablished at Benicia a gun assembling
plant. In 1890 a Congressional commis
sion came to this coast, and after looking
around for some time recommended that
such a plant be located there. Such a
plant would furnish employment to
a le.rge ■ number of workmen who
would be engaged nearly the year
round in finishing and putting together
the castings and parts of the largo guns
for the army and navy. In speaking of
his wishes Mr. Kerr Bald: "There is no
better place in the West for such a
plant. The Government is now making
appropriations for just such purposes,
and it is only fair that this State should
be recognized, as we have all the facili
ties necessary. There is ample ground
there for testing the big guns when com
plete. And further, the vessels for which
they were intended could load the same
without trouble, for there is not a vessel
in our navy but- what couH lie alongside
of the wharf at Benicia. Then again, the
Government barracks are close to the
Mare Island Navy Yard, and are also on
the railroad. Now that these matters are
receiving the attention of the Govern
ment officials I think that the business
men and the entire public should unite in
a demand for the establishment of such
a plant at Benicia,"
LEES CALLS ON GUNST.
The Chief Wants the Commissioner
to Act at Once.
The fact that remale gamblers have
been startled for the reason that their
haunts have been made public and that
the Mayor advises that visitors of pool
rooms should be arrested, Is the cause
of many rather peculiar feelings In va
rious departments of the heads of po
lice and police commissioners.
As was stated by Commissioner
Gunst, the poolrooms should be closed
up at once and without fail, and the
police should do» the work, but Chief
Lees says Gunst is not doing the work,
as he understands the situation, but if
he is, ho should act, and act at once
and in a decided manner or else allow
the police themselves to do the work In
a suitable manner.
In all probability Lees and Gunst see
a chance to help themselves out of the
wealth of their sarcastic vocabularies,
and without doubt the chance will not
be neglected by either party. Last
evening Chief Lees detailed two officers
to visit and watch the various female
poolrooms, and they have been ordered,
in obeyance to the Mayor's Ideas, to
ask and obtain the names of all vis
itors to any one of the various places
known to be In existence. A poolroom
war may result in more interesting
Chief and Commissioner disagreements.
LOOKS LIKE FOUL PLAY.
J. F. Gaddls, a man about 30 years old,
waa taken to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital from the Golden Eagle Hotel last
night in an unconscious condition. His
face was badly lacerated and examination
showed that his skull was fractured.
Gaddis came to the city from Ba.den
about a week ago in company with Wil
liam Wallace. Friday night he went out.
and was last seen emerging from a saloon
in an Intoxicated condition with .an un
known woman. Yesterday morning he
returned to the hotel and complained of
a severe headache. Later he became un
conscious and was removed to the hos
pital. His recovery is not expected, and
now he came by his injuries is a mystery.
INTERCLASS
FIELD MEET
Athletes of the Lowell High
School Compete for
Honors.
The Seniors Come First, Mlddlers
Second and Juniors
Third.
The students of the Lowell High
School sported on the Olympic Club
track and field yesterday afternoon in
the regular interclass field day. It was
a day of record-breaJdng and cold win
try winds, which froze the athletes to
the bone and sent the chills up and
down the backs of the few spectators
who had the hardihood to sit out the
entire show. Noise there was in plenty,
and between the interclass yells and
the leathern-throated enthusiasm, an
intense form of Juvenile excitement was
sustained.
The senior class won the day, and
the middlers came In a second. In just
graduation the juniors finished at the
tall end. The order of events was as
follows:
100 yards— Bishop first, Saunders sec
ond. Time, 10 4-5 seconds.
220 yard dash— Bonifield first, Saeltzer
second. Time, 25 seconds.
440 yard run— Saeltzer first, Kldd second.
Time. ",»; 2-."> seconds.
Nut yard run— Faull first, Aitken second.
Time, 2:12 1-5.
< toe mile run— Faull first, Hursh second.
Time, 6:25 1-5.
120 yard hurdles— Bishop first, Rooney
second. Time, 19 3-5 seconds.
220 yard hurdles— Bishop first, Rooney
second. Time. 2M sncondM.
12-pound shot put— Bishop first, Kldd sec
ond. 45 feet 7 inches.
High jump— Rooney first, 5 feet 4 Inches;
Ilursh second.
Broad jump— Jurgenson first, 18 feet 5
Inches; Kldd second.
12-pound hammer throw— E. .tsishop
first, 78 feet 4 Inches: F. Bishop second.
Pole vault— Rooney first, 8 feet 5 inches;
Belden second. ..
11,-'vis—Bishop1 1, -'vis— Bishop first, 81 feet; Rooney
'The officers of the day were: Referee,
William P. Drum, O. C; Judges of finish—
C O'Connor, C. M. S. ; Aitken. U. C; C.
M. Walker, L. If. S. Starter, A. M.
Wulsh U. C. Timers— E. F. Russ. L. H.
B.; C Hinz, U. C; G. Montgomery. Clerks
of course— A. E. Duncan. Carter, L. H. S.
Judge of walking, A. M. Walsh, U. C.
Field Judges— A. Kldd. U. C: C. C. Young,
L, H S.; Conlin, U. C. Measurers—Dan
ii'-r Ij. H. S.; Robinson, L. H. S. ;
Shaefer. 1,. 11. S. Scorers— Janke, L. H.
S.; Deutsch, L. EL S.
WILL ERECT A THEATEB.
An Opera House Is Projected for San
Francisco by a New Syndicate.
When a sufficient number of stock
holders can be secured to subscribe for
I stock in the new theatrical company
which will be shortly inaugurated in this
city for the purpose of erecting an opera
house on the corner of Eddy and Jones
Streets, opposite the old Republican Wig
wam, active work will be begun.
A number of capitalists of San Fran
cisco are interested in the venture, among
the most prominent of whom are James
L>. Phelan, who bought the property on
Eddy and Jones streets expressly for the
purpose of the erection of a theater, and
; Mr. Bouvier, recently connected with the
Al Hayman n.anagement of the Bald
win.
The. idea is to erect a theater where
' accommodations would be sufficiently ex
: tensive to warrant bringing to this coast
hitr first-class operatic attractions. The
! building will not be devoted exclusively
to theatrical purposes, but will be pro
vided with halls, meeting-rooms of all
kind* and assembly-rooms large enough
I for convpntion purposes.
Advances made on furniture and p'nnos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Save Money! 1
5 By having your dental work done exDeri- s|
4 enced men at half the regular price, - |E
I VAN VROOM I
ELECTRO-DENTAL F»MRLORS. ft
3 SIXTH AND MARKET STREETS. %
3* Ar T»« FULL SET OF TEETH for.. ss 00 up sp»
3J x cy lII* JHJJ y GOLD CROWNS. 22k 350 U{> jj^
<iS \a f /!££> BRIDGE WOIIK, per Tooth. 350 up JJ^
j5 .«SO<s>v VA \\ A/ tyP*'^' SILVER FILLING ....25c up «C
*"jW NT N >Ty-T>)<39^»>w GOLD FILLING 7,"c up «C
«5 "Halt *P^aT^ **S CLEANING TEETH ;....50c up JjC
O^y "•" "* %T** ./■'• '4*j3~*~* No charge for Extracting Teeth *»»
3J - •&£. ''i-/&'%sf : ~~^-_ C 2* when plates are ordered. . 2="
3! i^, " :^^'^W^rM^^r^^-^J^ ■ Work done as well at night as by 5?
-" _^^\^iJm - - '/ --ir- " r ''\ s^^- ~^P^~~ daylight by our modern electrical JJ^
% *&£ stSssf J&N^^mS. G - W " KLEISER, D.D.S. *C
>"^ /w¥l iKk \ ILLbloJbn, i1.i1. 0. i^
J&r\ \jf " 7 MARKET ST - ■£;
-fi%ji3 W 'PHONE JESSIE 1695. g^ ,
OPEN UNTILL 10 P.M. SUNDAYS 10 TO 1. *•
r>T>TTOUI7O for BARBERS, BAK-
KKIJ^rICiO « rs ' bootblack*, bath •
JJIIU kJXIXJ»J hC uses. • billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers. flourmills. . foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factorua,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners.' tailors, etc. '.
• BUCHANAN BROS., ' ;'; ' !
Brush Manuyacturers,6o9 Sacramento St
-* IT% m \/' or FADED HAIR RESTORED *p ;
I* I? EX ■ youthful <-olor and beauty by DX.
:V?"^*^. ■ Bays' hair HEAT.m Re-
moves dandruff and »calp disease. Don't t> stain
•kin. (overs BALD »pot*. Absolutely harmless.;
Iwjttiei 5) merits, at drnggists. HeUll agents.
NO-I'FRCKNTAfJIi .-HARSTu Y. 953 tfxrket 8t
Wholesale-MAL'K, * CO.; LANtrLEY * . MICH-
ihLA. COKKIN.ItEDLNG i rO» 4 COL
WILL PREACH
A MISSION
Good Work of Paulists to
Spread to St. Paul's
Parish.
Fathers Younan and Wyman
of St. Mary's Will Conduct
the Services.
General Notes Concerning the Catho
lio Churches Throughout
th« Ctiy.
A mission under the auspices of
Fathers Wymar and Younan of the
Paulist Community will be held at St.
Paul's Church, commencing with the
10:30 o'clock mass this morning and
continuing for two weeks. The serv
ices during the first week will be de
voted to the instruction of women,
while those of the last will be reserved
exclusively for men.
During the absence of Father You
nan from St. Mary's Church on Cali
fornia street, where he recently con
ducted one of the most successful mis
sions ever held in this city, the class of
inquiry which was established in the
lower chapel of the church immediately
after the mission for the instruction of
non-Catholics will be conducted by
Father Francis Dougherty. The serv- i
ices, as usual, will be held every Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday evening,
and will be devoted to the further in
struction of unbelievers in Catholicism.
Father Dougherty has stated that he
will be pleased to answer any question
that non-Catholics may be in doubt
about at these meetings or may choose
to ask. Doctrinal and theological dog
mas will be discussed and expounded,
and a definition of the different parts
and meaning of the mass will b% ex
plained.
For the short time the class has been
in progress the attendance has been
unusually large and much interest has
been manifested in all the subjects that
have as yet been introduced and con
sidered.
Father Younan, to whose efforts the
mission at St. Mary's Church was
mainly due, will deliver a series of
evening sermons during passion week.
A lecture on the subject of India will
also be delivered by the missionary be
fore he leaves for the East. It will be
given at Native Sons' Hall on April 19,
immediately after Easter Sunday. The
lecture will be illustrated with stere
opticon views, which will depict all
phases of Indian life, religion and an
cient customs, and considering the fact
that Father Younan has been a traveler
in India, and while there was a close
student of the people and their various
traits, the lecture will be both instruct
ive and interesting.
At St. Ignatius' Church to-day the
feast of St. Joseph patron of the uni
versal church will be celebrated with
special solemnity. There will be a
solemn high mass at 9 o'clock, and in
the evening rosary and solemn benedic
tion.
Immediately after the 9 o'clock mass
at the French Church to-day a meet
ing of the Sanctuary Society will be
held in the assembly hall, in the rear
of the church proper. As yet this so
ciety is governed by a temporary board
of officers, but it is hoped that in a few
weeks a permanent organization may
be effected.
A convention of the Catholic Truth
Society will be held to-morrow and
Tuesday evenings at Metropolitan Hall.
The services will be under the immedi
ate direction of Father Yorke.
At Washington Square Hall next
Tuesday evening a "rally" by the St.
Francis branch of the League of the
Cross will be held for the purpose of
competing for the silver medal, which
will entitle the winner to enter the con
test for the gold medal which Arch
bishop Riordan will award at the grand
annual rally for the best essay on the
subject of temperance.
The Italian Church which Is in pro
cess of construction at Ocean View is
nearing completion and will be dedi
cated on next Easter Sunday.
Much interest has been manifested In
the Lenten exercises of the Calvarian
Society, which are held every Sunday
afternoon at St. Man's Cathedral. The
society has issued and distributed a
book containing the order of ceremony
and the object of the weekly devotion.
It is anticipated that the Sacred
Heart Church, another Catholic edifice
now in process of erection at Oak and
Fillmore streets, will be completed by
the Ist of next September.
B'NE B'RITH.
The thirty-fourth anniversary of the
institution of Monteflore Lodge will be
celebrated by a frrand ball next Wednes
dttv evening- in B. B. Hall. The affair is
strictly invitational.
Baja California >
DAMIANA BITTERS
<Is a powerful . phroo.slac and speclflc ionic
for the i sexual ' and urinary •: organs of both
sexes,' and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. ■ Sells on Its own
Merits; no winded testimonials necessary.
. NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents, -
ta Market Street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
WE RENT TYPEWRITERS,
All makes^ 1
M^^L.&M. ALEXANDER,
4i£i2§ss» 110 Montgomery St.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Experts Mystified.
Real Diamonds are no better for
all purposes than the
Gcmitncfl J QQ
Barrios J)|* v
Diamonds Ipj) !
We are the sole agents in the United States
for these marvelous semi -precious stones, which
are the nearest approach to Genuine Diamonds
ever discovered. For the purpose of Introducing
them quickly to the public we will forward
either
fj|| %#
Ring, Pin, Stud, Earrings
(Screws or Drops), at
S^m^kJl^ (EARRINGS ARE
»*•*" fa bs |S| i« Q9 PFR PATRI
Sl|Er«B OUR GUARANTEE.
VJ*l ._~^ These stones are guar-
■Hfi flnifil to retain their
HfcH- __ _ / a^»(, .lustre forever; the
in ■m IV mountings are heavy
C-533 FMI 111 rolled plate and are war-
fislbj *Vll ranted for five years.
SPECIAL CAUTION x
Do not confound genuine Barrios Diamonds
with so-called Rhinestones. Parisian. Kongo,
' Saryta-Kora. White Topaz or other imita-
I tion stones, regardless of what the name may
i be. The genuine Barrios Diamond is the only
stone ever discovered that will retain its bril-
I liancy and has no artificial backing. It Is the
! Rich Man's Substitute and the Poor Man 9
i Diamond. All others are simply manufactured
i from chemicals. Genuine Barrios Diamonds
are equal to real diamonds as to looks and
wear and will cut glass.
This offer will last only a short time longer
and Is subject to withdrawal without notice.
Zg) l U%JU GIVEN
If it can be shown that we have ever re-
■■ fused to replace a stone that did not give
satisfaction.
MAIL ORDERS.
A Beautiful. Brilliant. Genuine Barrios Dia-
mond, mounted In a heavy ring, pin or stud,
will be sent to any address on receipt of One
l Dollar. In ordering give full directions and
state whether small, medium or large stone is
desired.
;<' \>TIL,I_K SETGARD, the prlma donna
| of the Walter Damrosch Opera Co., writes:
"Barrios Diamonds are lustrous and full of
| fire. They are magnificent substitutes for gen-
i vine diamonds for stage purposes."
CAMILLE SETGARD.
CATCTtIE O AY, the charming actress of the
"In Town" Company, writes:
"While playing on the road I found Barrios
Diamonds objects of great beauty and useful-
ness." CARRIE GAY.
Money promptly refunded if goods are not as reprooented
BEWARE OF IMITATORS.
Address Mall Orders to
BARRIOS DIAMOND CO.,
EDISON BUILDING.
42 ond 44 Broad Street, New York.
Mention San Francisco Call.
No deception practiced.
No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous ' ''•
10 cent trial size.
Ely's Cream balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
inrions f"irng. It opens and cleanses the •Nasal
Passages, Allays Pain and Inflammation. lies!*
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Sense*
of Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives
Relief at once. BO cts. at Drnggists or by mail.
Trial Size 10 eta. at Druggists or by mail.
ELY B» ITHKRB. (56 Warren Street. New York,
$100 TO ANY MAN
WILL PAY $100 FOR ANY CASE
O? Weakness in Men They Treat and
Fail to Cure.
An Omaha Company places for the
i first time before the public a Magical
i Treatment for the cure of Lost Vital-
| ity, Nervous and Sexual Weakness, and
i Restoration of Life Force in old and
' young men. No worn-out French rem-
: edy; contains no Phosphorus or other „
harmful drugs. It Is a Wonderful
1 Treatment— magical in Its effects—
itive in its cure. All readers, who are
suffering from a weakness that blights
their life, causing that mental and
physical suffering peculiar to Lost
Manhood, should write to the STATE
MEDICAL COMPANY, Suite 903, Ram-
age Bids. Omaha, Neb., and they will
send you absolutely FREE, a valuable
paper on these diseases, and positive
proofs of their truly Magical Treat-
i ment. Thousands of men, who have
| lost all hope of a cure, are being re-
' stored by them to a perfect condition.
This Magical Treatment may be ta-
ken at home under their direction, or
they will pay railroad fare and hotel ,
: bills to all who prefer to go there for
! treatment, if they fall to cure. They
are perfectly reliable; have no Free
; Prescriptions, Free Cure, Free Sample,
!or C. O. D. fake. They have $250,000
; capital, and guarantee to cure every
i case they treat or refund every dollar;
i or their charges may be deposited In ; .
i a bank to be paid to them when a cure
lls effected. Write them to-day. ;
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KBAKM' AND WASHINGTON BTS.—
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
' CO. • European plan. 1 Rooms 50c to $1 today,
< $5 to $3 ■ week, $8 to $30 month. Free batfis; •
I hot and cold water every room; lire prates la
every room; elevator runs all night. ,■. *.j»
t' .^aßßfc^A.i m T>lg •* is a non-po<iooot]«
i <rts«KBP' M^^%Sffl remedy for ... Gonorrhoea,
, >fflHr cc ' tl - Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
I gBfW ia l t.-> s *»?»■ >ftjl Whites, unnatural di -
. JHHF Guaranteed H charges, or any infiamma-
■ ; ftVjf sot to ii.-kture. tion. irritation or ulccra-
P*--*B Prevents contagion. ' . tion of mucous mem- '
ITS! THEEYANS CHEMtcnfto. Cranes. Non-astringent.
1 VgA.CmCINNATI.O — I * 4>td by 1)pn 1 « ».
i vs9hl. V.B.X !2£Br? r srnt in plain wrapper,
.rfflflO^' ' J^*^B fe y exvnma. prepaid, foe
I • *VVHS&&toittfSrePil 11.I 1 .- 0 "- or 3 bottles, $2.ra. -
1 t^Jß"t B Circular i-jui uu r«auM*>
■■,■ ■ . ■
910
MOTHERS MAY
NOW REJOICE
A Victory for The Call
Against Poolrooms for
> Women.
Chief of Police Lees Issues an Or
der to Make Arrests and Sec
retary Kane Takes a Hand.
stimulated into tardy action by The Call's exposure of the
fart that in this city several poolroom* hare been run wholly
on tlie patronage olMomen, tlie police department has taken
Mep* to abate the evil. It is a victory for The Call that the re.
spectable element of the community will applaud heartily.!*
■victory "which mean* that a cancerous growth on the morals o*
the community w ill l»e pared away and a fruitful source of cor
ruption to w ires and mothers of a weak tendency destroyed, to
say nothing of the good done to children in the way of remov
ing vicious examples.
The exposure of this crying evil was made last Thursday,
and even now public opinion on the subject has risen to such
a pitch that the police department has considered it unwise
to delay action any longer in trying to mitigate the evil. Pro.
to*!* have been made not only through the medium of The
Call, but individually and personally. The result is now seen.
Chief of Police L.ees sent an order to
Captain Wittman yesterday to detail
two men at each of the poolrooms pat
ronized by women, with instructions to
Becure the names of all the women who
visited the places, and if they were seen
there mare than once to arrest them
as habitues of the place and book them
on a charge of vagrancy.
Captain Wittman accordingly detailed
Bergeant Martin to take a squad of men
with the object of carrying out the
Chief's instructions. The captain ac
companied the sergeant and his squad,
and personally saw that two police of
ficers were stationed at the entrance to
each of the poolrooms. A curious crowd
followed the officers, and it became so
large that it took all the efforts of the
officers to drive them away.
The first place visited was a lodging
house "ii Stockton street, above Mar
ket. Then other places were visited,
mostly common lodging houses of
questionable repute on Market. Mason,
Powell and Stockton streets. On Ellis
street there were eight of these houses,
and the last one visited was the "< 'Id
Sausalito," on Elllis, between Mason
and Powell.
After all the men had been assigned
to their respective places Captain Witt
man said: "We could make no arrests
of the poolsellers because we could not
get them to sell us any tickets. They
•will sell to women only, but we will
Btop this business, though it should
take all the men in my division. Any
woman, no matter who she may be,
who makes it a habit to frequent these
places will be arrested for vagrancy.
The husbands and brothers of these
women ought to- look after them. We
ehall see if a few arrests for vagrancy
will not have the effect of calling the
attention of the men to the fact that
their wives and sisters are, possibly
unknown to them, going to places
where they ought not to go. A man
who has a woman relative arrested for
vagrancy is net likely to relish it, but
It seems the only way to close up these
resorts."
If this plan of the police fails, there
is another person who will try an en
tirely different method of procedure in
endeavoring to destroy the evil. It is
Frank J. Kane, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Vice. Secretary
Kane has became keenly interested in
the proceedings, and If he can find that
any women who frequent the poolrooma
have charge of minor children he will
apply to the Superior Court for letters
of guardianship and remove the chil
dren on the ground that the mother is
an unfit and improper person to have
their custody. He said yesterday:
"When I read the article in The Call
about women frequenting these pool
rooms it suggested to me the advisa
bility of making an investigation of the
environments of the children of these
women. Ac there were no names men
tioned, and, of course, the reporter
■would be unlikely to know who they
•were, I thought I would bide my time
and wait developments.
"I did not know such pitfalls for mar
ried women, and, as The Call states,
minor girls, existed in the city until I
read it in that paper, and I have been
debating in my mind to-day whether a
man could obtain admittance into these
places. I would like to see personally
■who were there, and especially if any
minor girls frequented the place. I
don't see why the law can be violated
by women and not by men. It seems
true that the police should be able to
break up this poolroom gambling in the
case of both sexes.
"The practice is more demoralizing
In the case of women than of men, as
outside of the demimonde class, which
frequent the resorts, there are a great
many women with families, and I have
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TH^OWT
DRUG CO.
cut-rate
druggists,
1128 Market St.,
SAN FRANCISCO
SPRING MEDICINES.
Thompson's Dandelion and Celery Tonlo 60c
Hood's and Joy's Sarsaparilla 65c
Paine' s Celery Compound 60c
Swift's Specific 65c
Cuticura Resolvent 70c
Pierre's Medical Discovery Xc
Plerce'a Favorite Prescription CCc
Pinkham's Vesetable Compound 60c
"Wnrner's Pafo Cure 86c
Carter's or Pierces Pills 15c
Mrs. Allen's Female Restorative 85c
California Syrup Figs 3r.c
Baker's Honduras Sarsaparilla 75c
Carter's Cascnra Compound 25c
Btuart Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
"Williams' Pink Fills 35c
Ayr's Sarsaparilla 6.1 c
Cas<toria or Pond's Extract Ssc
Bea.cham'B or Thompson's Pills 16c
VIAVA REMEDIES.
The Vlava Capsules and Cerate. 8 months'
treatment, regular price $15; our price, $10 60.
A fuU line of Vlava Remediea at Cut Ratea.
been informed that women go down
for a few hours and go to these pool
rooms, while their families suppose
they are shopping, or are at the the
aters.
"I have not looked into the law any
and cannot speak as clearly as I would
like. I have had complaints made of
boys frequenting the pool rooms, but
investigation has shown the reports in
this instance to have been exagger
ated.
"I purpose to investigate, and if I
find that the children of women fre
quenting the pool rooms are neglected
by their mothers' inattention, I shall
make an effort to remove the children
from their custody upon the grounds
that they are not fit and proper per
sons, for the reason that they are
gamblers and the associates of women
uf ill repute. There was a case which
came to my notice a. week ago of a
mother and three daughters living on
Turk street. One of the daughters is
16 years of age, and is known to have
visited one of the pool .rooms within a
block of her home with a woman who
bears an unsavory reputation, and
when I questioned her about it she ad
mitted visiting the place, but saw no
harm In it, as she did not participate
in the gambling.
"I have information from another
source that she has been a capper for
this poolroom. I admonished her about
visiting those places! and she promised
not to do so again, but unfortunately
her mother is a woman of loose habits,
and I fear that the advice will be heed
ed only for the time. I told her if she
persisted in going to such places, she
being still a minor girl, I would appeal
to the Superior Court for letters of
guardianship, and remove her perma
nently from her mother's care."
Here is what some of the representa
tive ladies of the community have to
say about the evil which seems now in
a fair way to be abolished through the
fight made by The Call:
MME. LOUISE- A. SORBIER— When I
read in The Call of women engaging In
pool room gambling I was simply horri
fied. It Is bad enough for men, but in
women it is so deplorable that if there
is any way at all of suppressing the evil
it should be done. I have heard of women
going to horse races and betting, but
that is a small offense when compared
with this. Everybody should take a hand
to stop it, and the police should stretch
a point to do their duty, moral if not
legal. The CaJl is doing an immense good
by revealing the presence of such a con
cern, and should be supported by a united
effort on the part of all respectable peo-
P IIRS. ADDIE L. BALLOU-This is a
most corrupt city. It is impossible to rear
children here In the way they should be
reared. In my opinion this gambling by
women is most disgraceful, and I think
it the stern duty of the municipal au
thorities to devise some way of putting an
immediate stop to so demoralizing a prac
tice. I believe there are constant re%-ela
tions being made regarding our city,
State and National Government making
it imperative that wives and mothers
should have something to say with regard
to the affairs of civil life. Women have
a great many foibles, but when it
comes to affairs like this, in which
women themselves take a hand In the
furtherance of debauching and demoral
izing Influences, their moral support
woiild be a most potent factor for good.
It might be argued from the fact' that
women patronize these pool rooms that
in preventing these corrupt practices they
would do no better than men, but it is a
fact proved by experience that where men
and women work together they do so to
their mutual advantage and welfare.
-MRS. JULIA SCHLKSSIN'GER— I think
the practice of gambling on horseracing
and prize-fighting by men is most derog
atory to the well being of a community.
But when it comes io women indulging
in so degrading a nraetlce it is certainly
time to call a halt. As long as honor
remains to womankind there is some hope
for children, but when both fathers and
mothers lose respect for themselves, then
the hope we have for the rising genera
tion looks pretty frail. It seems that the
police ought to be able to stop these de
moralizing practices in some way or
other. If there is no law covering the
offense »ow, the Supervisors ought to
frame one without loss of time.
Mrs. John Puttee said: "This is the
most disgraceful thing I ever heard
of. In fact, it is contemptible in the
extreme. The idea that such a place
is allowed to run is more than I can
even believe. It should be condemned
in every way and work should not
cease night or day until the men who
are running such disgraceful and harm
ful resorts were driven out of busi
ness. It is bad enough for the men
to gamble as they do, but when the
women start it is time something was
done. Such places are the ruination
of young girls, a menace to all and a
disgrace to the city. It was a revela
tion to me, but it is hard to tell what
may be expected where law is as slack
as it has been shown to be in this city.
I will do all in my power to help sup
press the evil and I hope nothing will
be left undone which may tend to put
a stop to what may result in the sep
aration and misery of many families."
"Such a state of affairs as The Call
says exists should* certainly be
stopped," said Mrs. Louis Sloss, when
speaking of The Call's expose of the
pool rooms for women. "I not only
think that it is a terrible thing, but I
also think it is wicked. To think of
women going there and spending mon
ey that does not rightfully belong to
them is frightful. How can one help
but support a paper in its crusade
against an evil of this sort? I most
heartily indorse it in every move it
will make in order to prevent this state
of affairs going on. I think that the
paper has opened the eyes of many
who never dreamed of women leading
this sort of life."
Advances made on furniture arid pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAKL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
THE BOSTONIANS NEXT PRIMA DONNA
HELEN BERTRAM, Who Will Join Her Old Comnanu,
Taking the Place of Alice Nielsen,
Miss Helen Bertram is to be the prima donna of the Bostonians for the
coming season. There have been many suppositions who waa to take the
place of Alice Nielsen, who is to take out a company of her own next sea-
Bon, and at last "the cat is out of the bag."
Miss Bertram was the prima donna t/f the Bostonians the last time they
were to this coast, some three years ago, at which time she made quite a hit.
Previous to that she was with the William Buss Opera Company, and ap
peared in the musical comedy entitled "Miss Helyett."
After leaving the Bostonians she went to London, where, contrary to
the rule, she made a great success. She is now in that city, and will come
to the United States as soon as her season closes over there.
She is a striking beauty of the brunette type, and has a voice of won
derful sweetness. She makes a splendid appearance on the stage, and en
acts the roles allotted to her conscientiously and artistically.
Who will take Eugene Cowles' place as basso is still a matter of specu
lation, but there have been strong hints thrown out that it will be William
Macdonald, who recently joined them as Mr. Cowles' understudy.
Mr. Macdonald was formerly a blacksmith in Redwood City, and he was
"discovered" by the Bostonians just a short time before th^ir departure
frum this city- The people of Redwood City gave Macdonald a reception
on the eve of his departure, and presented him with a diamond .stud. The
gentleman is said to have a voice of much depth and volume. He is a very
handsome young man, and a brilliant future has been predicted for him.
DR. POTTER ON
HIS MUSCLE
Trustees of the Home for
Inebriates to Be
Sued.
The Ex-Superintendent Want 3
to Recover Back Salary
Due Him.
Complaint to B© Filed With the Attor
noy-Oener«l Regarding the
Jewell Trust.
Prior to and since March 1, when Dr.
S. O. L. Potter resigned his position as
superintendent of the Home of Inebri
ates, he has been unsuccessfully en
deavoring' to obtain from the Board of
Trustees a settlement of his claim for
$1700 back salary due him. He has
now instructed his attorney, Gavin Mc-
Nab, to commence suit against the
board for payment of the amount.
When the claim was laid before the
board at its last meeting Dr. Potter
states that the vote stood three for and
three against, and it would have been
passed if it had not been for the oppo
sition of ex-Judge Sawyer, the legal
adviser of the board.
Besides commencing this suit. Dr.
Potter intends to file a complaint with
the Attorney General of the State
against the Board of Trustees in con
nection with the trust fund of $20,000
which his predecessor, Dr. Jewell, be
fore his death gave to the board, bo
that the interest on the money could
be applied toward the care of noor in
ebriates In the home. About six
months ago, while the negotiations
with the Board of Supervisors for the
transference of the home to the city
were pending the trustees handed over
the $20,000 to Mrs. Jewell, the widow
of the late doctor. Dr. Potter contends
that this action of the trustees was il
legal, as the trust money could not be
returned without an order of court and
he holds that the trustees are person
ally responsible to the citizens for the
amount.
In speaking of the matter yesterday
Dr. Potter said: "I protested at the
time against returning the money to
the widow without the consent of the
court, but I was overruled by Judge
Sawyer. I was Dr. Jewell's physician
at the time he transferred the $20,000 to
the trustees, the interest to be used
for the care of po.or inebriates, and it
was through my advice that he did so.
The trustees have since then — at least
up to the time the $20,000 was trans
ferred to the widow — been using the in
terest for the care of poor inebriates,
and I contend that they hid no right,
without the consent of the court, to
part with the money, as it was a trust
for the benefit of the citizens.
"Why, City Attorney Creswell gavfi
his opinion that the trustees could not
even transfer the home property to the
city without an order of court, because
it was held in trust, being the property
of the people, and I see no difference
between that and money given in trust
for the benflt of the people.
"I have been led to understand that
the opposition to paying my claim for
back salary is due to the stand I have
taken in regard to this trust money, but
I mean to see it through and also re
cover the money due me. My attorney
will file the papers in the suit just as
soon as he has time and then I will
take steps to bring the other matter to
the attention of the Attorney- General.
"In an interview with Judge Sawyer,
published in the Examiner last month,
he accuses me of arrogance. My arro
gance consisted in taking exception to
his advice on legal points, and the re
sult always proved that i was right and
he was wrong. He referred to some
thing occurring that changed his opin
ion of me and he led people to infer
that it was something I should be
ashamed of, but it waa simply my claim
for back salary and my protest against
the return of the trust money."
CANADIAN PACIFIC TRADE.
Western Commercial Bodies Demand
Their Rights at Washington.
The Sacramento Chamber of Commerce
is following fast on the steps taken by the
San Francisco chamber In the matter of
the unjust governmental regulations
which are throwing the trade of this
country to the Canadian railroad and di
verting the same from the roads of the
United States. The attitude of the Sac
ramento body is shown by the following
extract from a letter' sent to' the local
body In which co-operation is asked and
promised, and which reads as follows:
Whereas, By reason of the aid given by
the Canadian Government to the Can
adian Pacific Railway it has great advan
tages over the purely American railways
and is enabled to deprive them of a. large
part of the carrying trade, which of right
be.longs to them; and whereas, the
amount of business thus diverted . from
the American roads annually is estimated
at about $50,000,000, which sum should be
saved to the people of the United States,
as it would give employment to our own
people; and whereas, the commercial in
terests of Canada are being built up at
the expense of the United States; there
fore be it
Resolved, By the Sacramento Chamber
of Commerce that our representatives in
Congress be urgently requested to favor
such legislation as will protect American
commerce and give to American labor and
American capital ample protection against
unfair foreign competition.
FOR THE USE OF VETERANS.
Members of the G. A. R. to Have 9
Room in the City Hall.
The City Hall Commissioners decided
yesterday to permit the California divi
sion of the Grand Army of the Republic
to establish headquarters In the big mu
nicipal building, and hereafter the battle
flags and other relics that the veterans
cherish will he displayed In a room ad
joining the quarters of City and County
Attorney Creswell, on the top floor.
Auditor Broderick brought the matter
up, stating that he 'had been spoken to
about It and that he favored allowing
the veterans any privilege that could le
gally be granted by the commission. Mr.
Broderick was su p ported by Commis
sioner Creswell, who said that a big room
adjoining his quarters was vacant and
available for the purpose.
It was decided to notify General War
field of the G. A. R. that the rooom
would be allowed for the use of the
members of the organization for display
and meeting purposes.
Frances Willard Memorial Services.
The programme of the memorial ser
vices to be held in honor of Frances E.
Willard, president of the National and
World's Woman's Christian Temperance
Union at the First Baptist Church, Eddy
street, near Jones, to-day at 3 o'clock
p. m., Mrs. B. Sturtevant Peet. president
California W. C. T. U., presiding, is as
follows:
Organ prelude; singing by congrega
tion, "A Charge to Keep I Have" (the
first hymn Miss AVillard ever learned);
scripture reading. Mrs. Helen S. French;
the Crusade Psalm, one hundred and for
ty-sixth, and Miss Willard's favorite
verses; prayer, Mrs. L. M. Thompson,
State evangelist; singing, "Asleep in
Jesus," by the Alta Quartet, Miss Ruth
Kirk, Miss Isabel Kerr, Miss Muriel Pat
ton and Miss Isella Van Pelt; tribute to
Miss Willard, by Mrs. B. Sturtevant Peet;
poem written by Mrs. Mary Lowe Dickin
son beside Miss Willard's death bed, read
by Miss Cuthbert; singing, "Abide With
Me," Alta Quartet; eulogy, Miss Jessie
Ackerman, "Round the World Mission
ary' ; singing by the congregation, "How
Firm a Foundation"; benediction by the
pastor. Rev. Dr. Woods
A New Yukon Company.
The British Steamship and Yukon Gold
Dredging Company, limited, has been in
corporated by William H. Lane, Charles
M. Jackson and John T. Van ~mltn.
PLEAD FOR
HILL'S LIFE
A Petition Sent to the Gov
ernor Asking for
Clemency.
W. W. Foote Claims That the
Murderer Was Insane
at the Time.
Crazed by the Startling Announce
ment of the Illegitimacy of
His Child.
The fate of Benjamin A. Hill, now
under sentence of death for the crime'
of uxoricide, committed some months
ago in Oakland, will be decided by
Governor Budd next Tuesday. The ap
peal of W. W. Foote, who has persist
ently fought the case in the interest of
Hiil, and who succeeded six months ago
in grasping the murderer from the gal
lows on the night before the day set
for his hanging, on a writ of habeas
corpus, will be considered by the chief
executive and a final decision rendered,
either setting aside the Judgment of
death, which is to be carried into ef
fect April 6, or commuting it to life Im
prisonment.
It appears from the evidence ad
duced that there are a number of ex
tenuating circumstances to be allowed
for the crime for which Hill is now
convicted.
Attorney Foote, in speaking of the
principal arguments that will be ad
vanced when the case comes up for
hearing, set forth the following facts
as the basis of the defense:
"We will endeavor to prove," said th*
attoreny. "that Hill, when he com
mitted the crime for which he is to
suffer death, was in the heat of pas
sion and despair caused by the start
ling announcement of his wife that th«
child whom she had given birth to
and which he always thought was his
legitimate offspring and the infant she
was shortly to bring into the world
were not his children. He became en
raged, and acting under the impulse
of the moment, which was one of rage,
disappointment and despair, he took
the life of the woman, and with it that
of the unborn child.
"When he was brought up for trial
and the circumstances of the case
were placed in the hands of the Jurors,
eight of whom are now pleading for
his life, for consideration he was ad-
Judged guilty of the crime charged and
sentenced to death on the scaffold for
the expiation of it.
"It was at this juncture In the case
that I decided, at the request of a num
ber of friends of Hill and prominent
men and women all over the State, to
take up the case and endeavor to have
the sentence of death commuted to that
of imprisonment, as the man in my im
pression was not in his right mind at
the time, but was crazed by the an
nouncement that his children were il
legitimate and not his.
"About six months ago," he con
tinued, "I applied to the Governor for a
pardon, but being ill at the time my
petition fell into the hands of Lieuten
ant Governor Jeter, who was acting
chief executive in the absence of Budd.
"Jeter went over the arguments of
the case and refused to grant a com
mutation of the original sentence of
death; but his refusal to ac. in the mat
ter wiil have no bearing in the present
petition, as he has advised Budd not to
act on his judgment in the cass, but
consider the arguments for himself and
pass judgment on them according to
his own discretion."
Foote claims he is receiving absolute
ly no remuneration for his services and
that he is defraying the expense of car
rying on the defense from the lucre In
his own purse.
"I think the man Is deserving of len
iency," he said, "^id h^ing of this opin
ion I intend to fight the case in behalf
of my client to the end, whatever that
may be."
The following are a few r • the names
of prominent men that have been af
fixed to the petition for clemency:
George W. Baker, F. W. Mowry, Judge
Carroll Cook, Stephen White, Judge
Oster of San Bernardino County and
George La Monte.
Foote claims he has a letter In his
possession which was written by a sis
ter of the murdered woman on behalf
of the man who was resposible for her
death.
Making a Technical Defense.
Judge Cook yesterday listened to argu
ments on the motion made to dismiss the
indictment against School Director Wal
ler, who was recently indicted by the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PECULIAR FACT.
Thousands of People Have Dyspepsia in Its
Worst Form and Do Not Know It.
A weak stomach is the cause of
about nine-tenths of all disease, yet in
most cases the wrong thing Is treated
and the true cause overlooked.
This is because a weak digestion pro-
duces symptoms resembling nearly
every disease, because it weakens and
disturbs the action of every nerve and
organ in the body; poor digestion
causes heart trouble, kidney troubles,
lung weakness and especially nervous
breakdown or nervous prostration; the
nerves cannot stand the wear and tear
unless generously fed by well digested,
wholesome food.
Keep the digestion good and no one
need fear the approach of disease.
Mrs. M. H. Lee of Rochester, N. V.,
writes: For the sake of suffering hu-
manity I want to say that from a child
I had a very, weak stomach, threw up
my food very often after eating, and
after a few years' nervous dyspepsia
resulted, and for more than twenty
years I have suffered inexpressibly.
I tried many physicians and adver-
tised remedies, with only temporary re-
lief for nervous dyspepsia, and not u^
til I commenced taking Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets last September, six
months ago, have 1 been free from suf-
fering, caused by the condition of my
nerves and stomach; in short, chronic
nervous dyspepsia.
I have recommended Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets to many of my friends,
and now I want in a public way to say
they are the safest, pleasantest and I
believe surest cure for stomach and
nerve troubles. I write my honest
opinion, and I will gladly answer any
letter of inquiry at any time and feel
that I am, in my small way, helping on
a good cause.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is not a
patent medicine, but they contain only
the fruit salts, digestive acids and
peptones necessary to help the weak
stomach to promptly and thoroughly
digest food.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at 50 cents for full-sized pack-
age, and any one suffering from ner-
vous dyspepsia, sour stomach, head-
aches, acidity, gases, belching, etc..
will find them not only a quick relief
but a" radical cure.
Send to Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich,,
for little book describing cause and
cure of stomach troubles, giving symp-
toms and treatment of the various
forma of indigestion.
fimnrl Jury The defense Interposed a
d G eTurrer! n on the ground that if Waller
was guilty of any crime it would not
amount to more than a misdemeanor,
while the indictment charges felony.
After listening to the argument of coun
sel. Judge Cook gave both sides one
week's time in whicji to file their briefs,
citing the law bearing on the case.
OPIUM SMOKING.
Extent to Which the Drug Is Used
Shown by the Enormous Duty
Collected.
The Surveyor of the Port has been fig
uring on the duties being received for
opium Imported from China into this port.
He has found that during the year IS9.
there were received as duties on lai yuen
(opium for smoking purposes) $728,403 85.
From January 1. 1898, and up to and in
cluding yesterday there were paid as du
ties on the same article $146,340. There are
In the bonded warehouse 20,315 pounds of
lai yuen on which the duty at $6 per pound
is $121,890.
It is expected that the Belglc, due^here
next Tuesday, will bring between $300,000
and $400,000 worth of opium.
This drug is distributed from San Fran
cisco all over the United States. The fact
that it is of the kind used only for smok
ing shows the great extent to which a
vicious and demoralizing habit is prac
ticed, not only among the Chinese, but
among Americans.
Opium used for medicine and for the
manufacture of morphine, laudanum and
paregoric is imported into the United
States from Turkey, and is known com
mercially as Turkish opium. It comes to
California via New York by rail.
Starving in Squalor.
Secretary Dimpfel of the Eureka So
ciety for the Protection of Children has
taken from their parents the children of
Charles and Maggie Patterson. From in
formation received by him it was evident
that the little ones, who are seven and
two and a half years of age, were being
sadly neglected by their mother. The
latter is said to be given to drink and
the father is none too particular, al
though he provides fairly well for the
household. The money goes for liquor
and the children are compelled to go
hungry much of the time in consequence.
"When the secretary found the children
they had not had anything to eat for at
least twenty-four hours. Their surround
ings were filthy in the extreme. Colonel
Dlmnfel has applied for letters of guard
ianship over the children.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALTH
TBTHE WORKrNO CAPITAL OFHUMANITY
* He who loses that Is wrecked Indeed. Is your
health ftJling you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away t
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
Forthe speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONICanoPRIVATE
Diseases, even In their most aggravated forms.
There Is no physician in the world who has
effected so many permanent cures, many of
which other physicians of acknowledged ability .
had given up as hopeless.
NERVOUS DEBILITY unending aii-
ments of YOING. MIDDLE-AGED and OLD
MEN. The awful effects of neglected or Improp-
erly treated cases causing drums, weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
lack of. energy and confidence, pains In the back,
loins and kidneys and many other distressing
symptoms, unfitting one for study, business, mar-
riage or enjoyment of life. Doctor Sweany can
cureyon.no matter who or what has failed.
lift? Alf MEM He ""Stores lost vigor and
nCHR ill til ■ vitality to weak men. Organs
of the body which have been weakened or shrunk-
en through diseases, overwork, excesses or indis-
cretions are restored to full power, strength and
vigor bylils own successful system of treatment.
DIIDTIIDC l'""* 1 by his new method with-
llUr I UllEa out knife, truss or detention
from work— a painless.wure and permanent cure.
lI IDIPftPEI C Hydrocele, swelling and
iHillwUvkLEaf tenderness oT Hie glands
treated with unfailing success.
CVDIIII IQ an<l p " diseases of the blood
WI I ill la I V promptly and thoroughly cured
and every trace or the poison eradicated from the
system by Dr. Sweany's own successful treatment
PRIVATE DISEASES, aS
strictures, which If neglected or Improperly
treated break down the system, cause kidney and
bladder diseases, etc. .
DISEASES OF WOMEN,
•Ihl attention given to all their many aliments.
UfDITC l f y°" are aware of any trouble
ffffnllCl DO NuT DELAY: call on Dr.
Sweany to-day. If you cannot call, write him. His
*aluuble book free to all sufferers.
CONSULTATION FREE BftffS
office or by letter. F. U. SWEANY. M. D.. 737
Harket-St. opposite Grant aye. S*n Francisco. Cal.
Hours: ato 1-. "to 5. 7 to 8; Sundays 10 to li
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
/>QQ MAKK fcTT ST., O PP. fAXUXCU
000 Hotel. Telephone 670. Re»ld«noe 801
Valencia street. Telephone. "C%urob" I*.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SIN FBINCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
BAN FKANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:19,
30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
BUN DAYS— B:OO. 9:M. 11:00 ». m. ; 1:M. I.**.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO. ■
WEEK DATS— - 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip*
at 1:66 and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 0:40. 11:10 'a. m-J I:4*. S:4f,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsen Park
cam* schedule ' as above. ' ■.'
Leave ITI far , Arrive
San Franclaco. oAt 2t' pan Pra nct»o«-
— — — — — .^— — iwi7 ~~~
Week I Sun- | n^ot.nitirm Sun - - 1 Wee*
Day a, i day 9. I Pe» UDa tlon day% dayi
• :80a.m. 8 :00 a.m. 'Novato, 110:40 a.m. ] B :4oa.inT
B:80p.m. 9::« a.m. Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. 10:2ja.m.
t> :lop.m. 5:UUp.m. Santa Rosa. I 7:35p.m.^ 6:'-*2p.ra.
• Pulton.
1 :80a.m. . • - Windsor, i0.26a.i0.
Hcaldsbarjr,
Lytton,
Reyservllle,
r:Bop.m.r :80p.m. 8:00 a.m. I Cloverdale. I 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
~'. ~~j ~ 1 Uoplaud and 1 ~. ~
r:3oa.m.|^-ona.m.| ■-: Ukiah. | 7:35 p.m. :3Sp.m.
1 :80 a.m. ,-.. - ~ I ro72saau.
... :00a.m. Guernevillo. 7:35 p.m. -. -
8:80 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
; JWa.m. 8 :00 a.m. |■ - Sonoma - 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
..• • '.■ and •■ \
5:10 p.m. ft :oop.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22p.r0.
r :30a.m.]8:00a.m.| sebaatcnoL" 1 :40a.m. 1 10 :25a.m.
}:Sop.m.|s:Oop.m.| - MW . >tc 7:35p.m.| 7:23 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fpring;; at Geyservllle for Skasgs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; :at . Hopland ' for
Highland Springs. '. Kelseyvllle. Soda Bar
Lakeport and ; Bartlett ,■ Springs; at Uklah tot
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno ';• Potter
Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s. ! Buck-
Bell's. Sanhedrln Heights. HullvlUe, Boon vllle
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort
Bragg. Westport. Usal. r ''. *°"
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On -Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. **»■"■
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicle
>FO f TF*- * p - X. RYAN.
A. W. FOSTER. R. x. RYAN
, Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pats. A«t. ■
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
- (Via Sausaiito Ferry;.
Leave - San . Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber IS, 1897: r ."/. : -  . .."
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Bundays— B:oo. > 10:00, 11:30 a., m.. 1:15 n. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 61. - TT
■ THOfl. ■* COOK ■■■& SON. Agents. Ql Mirkit
■treat.: Baa Francisco. —■*»•»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
how toTfind out.
Fill a bottle or common glass with
your water and let it stand twenty-four
hours: a sediment or settling indicates
an unhealthy condition of the kidneys;
if it stains your linen it is evidence of
kidney trouble; too frequent desire to
pass it or pain in the back is also con-
vincing proof that the kidneys and
bladder are out of order.
WHAT TO DO.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
fulfills every wish' in relieving pain in
the back, kidneys, liver, bladder and
every part of the urinary passages. It
corrects inability to hold water and
scalding pains in passing it, or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to get up
many times during the night. The mild
and the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root is soon realized. It stands the
highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distressing cases. If you need a
medicine you should have the best. Sold
by druggists; price fifty cents and one
dollar. You may have a sample bottle
and pamphlet both sent free by mail
upon receipt of thrr#' two-cent stamps
to cover cost of postage on the bottle.
Mention San Francisco Sunday Call, and
send your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton. N. T. The proprietors of
this paper guarantee the genuineness ot
this offer." '
SAIIiBOAD TSAVEU J j
sol tii» tt> KACiriC COMPAHT.
(PACIFIC BIBTKK.)
Tr»lna leave nnil «r« due to arrlv* M
SATS I'HANCIMO.
- (Main Line. Foot of Market Street) *■
Lkavi — From Jawuart 1. 1898. — abitti
"•6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... •»*<{**
7:OOa Benlcia, Suisun and Sacramento »•'*»■»
• TiOOa Marysville, OroTUle and Redding t1»
Woodland 222*
7:OOa Vacaville and Rumaey. •...•• ■*•«»*
7:8O a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatoga and Santa Rosa 2*l2*
SiOOa Atlantic Express. Ogden and Kant.. ■•■•OP
M>UOa Niles, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. Maiyßrille, Chloo,
■ TehamaandßedJJliiff ,i'l2 P
•8:30 a Peters, Milton and Oakdale »7iUI»
SiOWa New Orleans Kxpress. Merced. Ray- '
mond, Fresno, Bakerstield. Santa .
JJnrl.ara, Jos Angeles, Deraitiß, -
El I'aso New Orleans and East. •»•»*
•:OOa Vallejo. Martinet, Mercwd and
Fresno lßilß*
•l:OOp Sacramento Steamers |O 2*
l:OOp NUos. San Jose aud Way Station*.. J»«Ioa
Ij3Oi> Martinez and Way Station* 7:45r
•:OOf lilvermore, Mendota, Ilanford and
Visalia 4:137
IJTermore. San Jose, Nileeand Way ■
Stations I16tl»
4iW«r Martinez. Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Caltßtoga, El Vereuo and
Simla •lI»U
«>»*r Benicia. Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysvllle. Oro-
># Tllle and fcHcrainento ■•xO*
«iBOr Niles, San Jose. Tracy and Stockton .. 7tlsir
4i3or L*throi>, Modesto, Merced, Berenda.
Fresno. aiojare (for Randsburg),
Santa Harliaraand l.oa Angles. . 7i4oa
4>X«r Santa ]'v Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojave Mid Ka.it «i43p
«Jo:3op " Sunset Limited," Lob Angeles El
Paso, Fort Worth. Little lTock. St. •
Louis, Chicago and East ....Jl*'* 8 *
"m»tBOF " Sonset Limited Annex," El Paao. ___
New Orleaus and East |IO:I3a
SiOUi- Kuropeau Mull, Ocilnu and Kast.... 9:45 a
6:CM»i- lluyw.-trilH- Kili-siiiiil San .lose 7:43 a
J»:O«> r Vallejo -. t7:45p
SiOOrOregou irilill— . limilto Marys-
villo. lt*-l.ling. Portland, l'uget
Bound and IQu-st 8:18*.
«AN LKA.NOUO AND lIAVUAHUS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) __^
"WFOOaI f 7ilsa
S:OOa Melrose, Seminary Park, «•»=«*
1o!o«a Fltelibnrg, Klmhur.t. iiUiU
• 1I:OOa San Leßiidro. South 8a« 1 ?'1?'
t12 . ! ° 0 . M *—*% Kittadm*, H\iU
iaVob'p L«r»Hiso, t'herri 1 ** : i'} p
4.00P . t5:43p
5:O«P -•-.*■» ' ; «:13r
S.-.lOr Hayward*.
7:OOp ' • . ' ■ • Bi4sp- ■
»:«OP 4 Itnjis through to Nile*. ' iSUnS '
ttMa3p; ;From * tle " wSSSy-
€OAS'I" IUVIsION (Narrow Wauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
SulftA Newavlc.Centtir\mr,,S!iii.lose.Felton,
lioulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ••••»
*«ilsp Newark, Center title, San Jose, New
Alniaden, Felton, ltoulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and - Principal Way
5tati0n5................. •!•!■•*
4tlSr Newark. Sau 3tmm and Los Gatoa ... 8:30 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7»2op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SiN FRINCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 41:00 *2:00 {3:08
•1:00 *5:03 *6:00p.U.
I Pr»m OilliHD— Footer Broadwty.— *C:oo 8:00 10:00 A.H.
t12:30 *l:00 t3:00 '3:00 tt:QO *8:00 p.«.
," - COAST UIVINIUN (It road Uange).
(Third and Townaend Sts.)
•i33a Han Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays 0n1y)...'.... «:38a
•t««A Kan Josh, Ties linos, .Santa Cruz,
raciiic Orote, i'aßof ßubles, Sau
- l.nts Olilspo. Guadalupe, Surf and
I'rincipal Way WUtloiis 4:lSp
' 10:40 a Sau .lose and Way 5tati0n5.. ....... *S:OOa
! Sl:3Oa San Jose nn.l Way Stations 8:85 a
■> t »l San Mat ■><>, Redwood, Meulo Park,
Santa Clara, ban .lose. Gilroy, '
Hollister, Santa Cms, Salinas,
Monterey an.l l'acilic Crore MOt4O»
i •3:lSp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:<»Oa
i •4 1 1 5 1» Sau Jose aud Principal Way .Stations 11:43 a
•StOOp Sau Jose and Principal Way SUtlons lt3Or
3: -.tor San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:SOp
«:30p San Jose and Way Stations 7:20f
f11:45p San Jose Way Stations 7»gQp
A for Morning. P or Afternoon.
* SundHTR excepted. ! Sundays only. 4 Saturdays only.
♦ ! Monday, Thursday and Saturday night* only.
5 Mondays and Thursdays.
I Wednesdays and Saturdays. _ .
1,,  |, i,,jf CALIFORNIA
!^|^|l.; LIMITED.
HPSIIHH II SAN FRANCISCO
lUSmI USm kM I I 3 II BUM t To
lißftiaßtfaMaii Chicago.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:80 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
i out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
3% days to Chicago. 4»i days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
! Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
! Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
j fast time. Direct connection In Chicago and
I Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
I Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street. . ' - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
" From September IK 1897. trains win nia »•
follows:- „.._ : — .1. '
Southbound. ; -; | <? . ! Northbound.
Passen- Mixed smlon « Mixed ; Passen-
ger Sunday Stations. Sunday I- er
! ' Daily. Exc'p'td — - Excp'td Dally.
I 130 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
i »:10a.m. 12:50 p.m. Mercod 12:50 p.m. 5:53 p.m.
'■ 10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno . J:ooa.nx 2:20 p. ra
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. Hanford .:45 a.m. 1»15 p.m
! 12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Visalia 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.ni
• ■ Stopping at intermediate po iuts wnen requlrei
•Connections— At ritcckton'with steamboata
C. N. ■•& I. Co.. leaving San Francisco and
' Stockton at 6 p. m. daily: at Merced with
stages to and from Snellinsa." CoultervMle. etc :
! also with stage for Hornltos. Martposa. "etc :
at Lankershlm with state to and from Under*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. ,**
■ From Ban Francisco. Commencing September
11*, 1837.
■ - I ■':'. -. WEKK- DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7 •}.«,
11:30 a. m.; *1:45. 3:45, »5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. m
Extra -trips . for San . Rafael on Monday*!
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San ; Rafael— *B:oo.' '10 00.
•11:30 a. m. : :15. -, 3:00. = *4 :30. 6:15 p. m. •
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
'.; Duncan Mills and way ; stations 8:00 a. V m. :
I Sunday* lor Foist JUeyea and way «tat!oa*»COURSING AT THE TWO PARKS
At Union Grounds the Tal
ent Got Some Heavy
Upsets.
Lord Byron Defeated Mercy
May Handsomely After a
No Course.
Fast Doge That Will Meet In the
Finals To-Day on th«
Sward.
Considering that yesterday was
anything but a pleasant day for out
door sports, the gathering at the Union
coursing park was surprisingly large.
The coursing commenced as usual in
the forenoon and finished in good sea
son to give the pleasure seekers an
opportunity to reach their respective
uner.
The hares of yesterd— • were not, as a
QD to the general O a .standard,
but this was accounted for by the man
* of the park v. iiu explained that
on« consignment of "runners" which
was received recently from Merced was
below par and many of them were pur
posely killed soon after their arrival.
The man who shipped the "game will
c afforded a second opportunity
to ship the Union coursing park small
and weak hares.
This week a shipment of "flyers" was
and judging from their size
• xcellent appearance it can be
■iy said that the supporters of
ng can look f#rward to next Sun
ib a day when great sport will re
! lit
The Judging yesterday was very good,
• the same cannot be said for the
s .i.ping-, which was not of the best.
fly SJipper Taylor would do better
:: he held his dogs longer in the slip's
r at least kept them in check until he
f "und an even pressure on the leash.
V.'hen dogs are plunging and acting un
« hile in the slips they should not
> dispatched with a jerk, but followed
'■ y the slipper If necessary 100 yards.
i ntil they are pulling evenly on the
leather. Then a good slip can always
be affected.
P.ut yesterday's coursing pleased the
concourse of people that were
■nt, and the knowing ones — those
keep a close watch on the dogs —
ted that great coursing will be
witnessed to-day, as the dogs that
d successful yesterday are well
• hed, and a<* a consequence the bet
hould be tolerably even.
In The first run down of the open
s yesterday Rusty Gold, unfortu
nately for his opponent. Pretender, was
In the slips, and Pretender had to
- it alone; but the course was not a
crueler, therefore Pretender did not
Buffer to any extent. When the}- were
clipped a second time — that was after
a good rest — Rusty won the course
handsomely.
In the course between Lily and Black
stone the former did very clever work
when she got within turning distance
: the hare, and had it not been for
two bad tumbles the Lily received
when attempting a pickup of her game,
she stood an excellent chance of low
ering the colors of the favorite, Black-
Btone.
The course between Lord Byron and
y was a hot betting affair.
f started in a favorite, but the
were soon cut down by the sup
porters <>f "the Lord," and the pools
1 with his highness on the long
end.
rey led from the slips and she was
f.rst to reach the game, but the hare
v.-rved from his line, thereby favor
ng Lord Byron, who killed in a drive.
This was a "no course" and the bet
immediately changed with Mercy
May a slight favorite. To a good slip
logs got away a second time and
Byron defeated Miss May in speed
the hare, and after scoring a few
wrenches he killed before Mercy got
n.
■ndyne easily defeated Fear Not
aftor a "no course." At first he ran
ansighted to the hare for several yards,
ing Fear Not to close up a gap
and score a few points before the kill
.vas made.
bad fall the talent sustained was
p.hen Old Glory— a 4 to 1 favorite — was
nicely defeated in a good course by
Mountain Beauty.
The result of the day's coursing is as
follows:
Rusty Gold beat Pretender; Mountain
beat Old Gl^ry; Metallic beat Van
irtsman beat Arapahoe; Joy
beat" Van Kirk; Rosette beat Oleen;
lorn (imported and a promising
•.iogi beat Speed; Move On boat Jester;
Sloan beat Crosspatch: Patria beat
Ussak; Blackstone l><-at Lily; Ecii;>.s«
oeat Commodore; Gallagher beat Sweet
Terrona'beat Sylvia; Santa Alicia
:.. t Van Needa; White Chief beat Doug
las; There-n beat Call Boy; Firm Friend
beat Laurelwood; Magnet beat Skylark;
n Valley Maid beat Queen; Lord
; Mercy May, and Moondyne
H beat Fear Not.
In the puppy stake Sandow beat Star
r; Dempsey T.ass i>pat Sunbeam:
Belle Seward beat Las Palmas; Bonlta
beat Handy Andy; Arrow beat Obadiah;
r beat Jersey Lily; Pastime beat
Sunbeam in a bye; Master Jack beat
Royal Oak.
With the exception of some courses
where poor slipping resulted The Can's
tips proved to be winners, and those
who play the following dogs to-day will
stand an excellent chance of being
able to smile" when the day's sport is
finished. \?~% '-- " : ■-. '■;■■ _
Rusty Gold and Mountain Beauty
Bhould prove to be p close rape, with
Rusty a winner If a good hare is
cov.'.Hed. Meuuae to ■-< at Sportsman;
Rosette to beat Joy Bells: Move On to
beat Freedom, but it may be close; Pa
tria to beat Tod Sloan; Blackstone to
beat Eclipse; Gallagher to beat Ter
rona; Santa Alicia to beat White Chief;
Theron to beat Firm Friend- Queen
Valley Maid to beat Magnet: Moon
dyne to beat Lord Byron. .
A? winner "f thr, '■ ■■• »-— — Th
.all's selections are Rosette, Patria and
Metallic.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __
ii 92 92 92 92 % *.» *»' S3 53 *2 S3 53 S3 83% 88 88 83 S3 33 83 S3 S3 83 82 82 82 53 *3 S3 ?3 8
"PAJNLESS^DENTISTRY
Crown a" d Bridgework. JBH
TEETH ™Ii PLATE. r^ *
Full Set of Teeth $5.00
CROWNS $3.50. FILLINGS 50c.
ALL WOBK_WASS. ANTBIIi
CHICAGO ~DENTAL PARLORS,
3.481XTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON. Open Evening.
Hares Were Fast at
the Ingleside Grounds
Yesterday.
The Talent Came Out Ahead,
With One or Two Start
ling Exceptions.
It Is Thought There Will Be Heavy
Betting on the Ties
To-Day.
A large Saturday crowd visited the
Ingleside coursing grounds yesterday to
witness the run down in the stake of
fered to various owners of good hounds.
The sport throughout the day was ex
ceedingly good and without doubt the
betting will be, heavy to-day on the final
results. The hares were in splendid con
dition and many of them made their es
cape. Very few short-enders carried
away the money. Little Dell, in the last
course , and Sylvanus, in the first,
rather bothered the talent.
It is not a surprise that Dr. Van
Hummel's hounds are coming to the
front, as they have been taken and
placed in good hands. For a few
weeks they did not show up as well as
expected, but according to the ideas of
many dog followers the doctor will have
some stake winners before the season
is over. Van Cloie is showing up re
markably well, and as Chit Chat is
going against the best of them it is no
wonder that the knowing ones are
waiting for a good thing in the way of
Van Hummel's hounds. "Wait until
they are acclimated," he said, "and
there will be some fun."
The strongest play of the day was on
Henry Springs Dawn, and the way the
course ended it was a 30 to 1 shot, al
though the best odds given did not ex
ceed 5 to 1. Sweet Music did not ap
pear in the course with Silkwood, and
in consequence Forget ran a bye with
the entered hound and was beaten in
an easy fashion. Kingston nearly
proved a surprise to the talent, as a no
go was run with Mohawk, who is
known to be exceedingly speedy, but in
the second slip Mohawk gained all the
points. The run down to-^ay will with
out doubt prove interesting from all
standpoints.
Grace looked at it this way:
In the run down W. C. Glasson's Syl
vanua beat J. J. Edmonds' Foreet; H.
Hanrahan's Mercury beat H. H. Devine's
Forget-Me-Not;V\V. Ryan's Soprano beat
Batt & Frank's Count of Monte Cristo;
B. Dougherty's Tessie Fair beat F.
Brown's Alma; W. Dalton's Lady Napo
leon beat T. Bermingham's Red Light: T.
Cronin's Johnny R. beat R. L. Lee's
Coralie; D. Leonard's Bendalong beat
O'Connell Bros. 1 , Sir Walter; D. Flynn's
Tom Bell beat- J. Baddeley.'s Lady Hopp;
W. C. Glasson's Mystery beat F. C.
Mack's Black Patti; Dr. Van Hummel'
Van Clole beat James Byrne's Nelly B;
W. C. Glasson's Magic beat f. Brophy's
Benicia Boy; M. Michallk's Fire Ball beat
J. Quane's Princess Marie; G. Smart's
Silkwood ran a bye; Henry Spring's
Dawn beat J. J. Edmonds' Valley Queen;
P. Carney's Nelly Daly beat G. Heuer's
Blue Bell; P. RelUy's Ranger beat J. R.
Dickson's Premier; Dr. Van Hummel's
Chit Chat beat S. E. Portal's At Last: D.
Kaher's Belle of Moscow beat S. E. Por
tal's Lightningr* l^eckelman & Panario.'s
Glen Roy beat H. Divine's - Gilt i,uge;
James Byrne's Mohawk beat P. <- orman's
Kingston; E. J. Heney's Harkaway beat
E. "Wilson's Grasshopper; Henry Spring's
Pat Malloye beat R. Kay's Carmody; J.
Dean's Brilliante- beat M. Sullivan's Sir
John Arnot; D. Hooper's Koo Lawn beat
F. P. Courtney's The Turk.
In the ties to-day the winners will
probably be: Mercury, Tessie Fair, John
ny R, Bendalong, Van Cloie, Magic,
Dawn, Ranger, Belle of Moscow, Mo
hawk, Pat — .uiloye, Koo Lawn ana Lit
tle Del.
TENNIS TOURNAMENT.
Doubles at the California Courts
Yesterday Afternoon.
The gentlemen's double tournament at
the California Tennis Club yesterday did
not draw as many entries as was antici
pated. But what it lacked in number
was made up by the single match of the
two teams which will contest on the
courts of Placer County next week. For
the first time since preparations have j
begun for the Penryn tournament Brad-
Bhaw and Bob Whitney were pitted
against • George Whitney and Walter
Magee.
George "Whitney and Magee started out
to play fast bail. By clever smashing
on the part of Magee and accurate plac
ing on the part of Whitney the first set
was won by their combined excellence of
play. In this set Bob Whitney had not j
let himself loose. The score was 6—4.6 — 4.
Robert N. Whitney and Bradshaw cap- j
tured the second set by the same score,
after some very stubbornly fought points
and changes from deuce to vantage and
back again. The third set was somewhat !
of a gift to Bob Whitney and Bradshaw,
both of whom played excellent ball
throughout the set. The score was 6—3.
The complete score was 4—6,4 — 6, 6—4,6 — 4, 6—3.6 — 3.
The other matches were not so inter
esting and were of i.n inferior order.
Davis and* Hooper beat Walters and
Stauf, 7—5. 3—6, C— 3. Code and McGavin
,b< ■at Hooper and Davis, &— l, o—6, 6—4.6 — 4.
Pieher, Stanford's representative tennis
player, was on the courts yesterday, and
he undertook to discuss matters in ac
tion with Ralph Bliven. Pieher had things
his own way, defeating Bliven 6—3, 6—2,
6—3.
The tournament will continue to-day.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, cure guarntd. Dr.
Gordin'sSanitarlum,sl4Piue,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
Another Will Broken.
The contest over the will of the late
Captain William Brown was concluded
in Judge Coffey's court yesterday by the
Jury returning a verdict in favor of the
contestants. Brown left an estate valued
at $20,000, and having cut off some of his
nearest relative* with nominal amounts,
they decided to make a contest. The jury
by the verdict returned were of the
opinion ...at Brown had not only been un
duly Influenced, but that he was of un
sound mind at the time he drew the will.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
WORLD'S W. C. T. U. COMMISSIONER.
MISS JESSIE ACKERMAN.
There arrived in this city several days
ago a lady well-known to the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union and an ex
tensive traveler. The lady is Miss Jessie
Ackerman, who left this city ten years
ago this month to make a tour of the
world. During her wanderings there were
but three capitals of the world she did
not visit, and In every city, hamlet or
town she called ai she organized a
branch of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union. She was a great friend of
the late Miss Francts Willard, and will
read a eulogy at the memorial services
to be held in honor of the deceased this
afternoon at the First Baptist Church.
DEPARTMENT
CONCLAVE
Knights Templar of California
Will Have a Review in
April Next,
California Commandery to Have a
Booth at the Fair in Aid of
the Home.
During the session of the Grand Com
mandery, Knights Templar, of the State
of California, to commence in this city on
the 21st of next April, there Will be by
order of the grand commander a depart
ment conclave by Department No. 1, in
which are California Commamlery No. 1
of this city, San Jose Commandery No. 10
of San Jose, Oakland Comraandery No. 11
of Oakland, Santa Rosa Commandery No.
14 of Santa Rosa, 'Golden Gate Command
ery No. I<s of this city. Naval Command
civ No. IS of Vallejo, Mount Olivet Com
mandery of Petuhtma, Watsoiiville Com
mandery No. 22 of Watsonville. San Luis
Obispo Commandery No. 27 of San Luife
Obispo, I'kiah Commandery No. 33 of
I'kiah, Napa Commandery No. 34 of Napa,
and Eureka Commandery No. 35 of Eu
reka. There is to be a parade and review
of the sir knights in their magnificent uni
forms on Van Ness avenue on the after
noon of Saturday, the 23d of the month,
and the time will be as near 2 o'clock as
possible. There will not be any extended
street parade. John P. Merrill, G. G., the
department commander, in a circular to
the commanderies, expresses the hope
that the conclave will be a.s great a suc
cess as was that of Department 3 in the
city of Los Angeles last October.
The session of the Grand Commandery
will begin at 10 o'clock in the forenoon of
the 21st of April, when there will be or
ganization, the submitting of reports by
the grand officers, and in the afternoon
'< the new officers will be elected. In the
1 evening Golden Gate Commandery will
confer the order of the Ked Cross.
On Friday committees will present re
ports and in the afternoon the newly
elected officers will be duly installed, and
in the evening the order of the Temple
will be conferred by California Command-
Cl Yhe present officers of the grand body
are- R E. Sir George D. Metcalf of Oak
land grand commander; R. E. Sir Robert
M Powers of San Diego, deputy grand
commander; B. Sir John F. Merrill of San
Francisco, grand generalissimo; E. bir
Fred M. Miller of Fresno, grand captain
general; E. Sir Charles E. Stone of
Marvsville, grand prelate; E. Sir George B.
McKee of San Jose, grand senior warden;
E Sir William FranK Pierce of Oakland,
grand junior warden; E. Sir Edward Cole
man of San Francisco, grand treasurer;
E Sir Thomas H. Caswell of San 1- rau
cisco, grand recorder; E. Sir W. D.
Knight of Sacramento, grand standard
bearer; E. Sir John B. de Jarnatt of Co
lusa grand warder; Sir Samuel D. Mayer,
grand organist. The office of grand cap
tain of the guard has bten vacant since
the death of James Ogelsby.
Eminent Sir Knight Robert M. Powers
of this city is in line of promotion for
grand commander and the indications are
that he will be elevated to that position.
On the evening of the last day of the
session there will be a banquet and a
pleasant hour devoted to addresses.
The several commanderies named have
taken a great deal of interest in the de
partment conclave and in a spirit of
friendly rivalry they will do all in their
power to surpass the conclave of De-
I partment 3, to which attention has been
j called.
MASONIC HOME FAIR.
Caliiornia Commandery Will Take
an Active Part in the Grand
Event.
A circular Issued by the executive com
mittee of the Fair for the Masonic Wid
ows and Orphans announces that the
money to be raised by the fair will be
used to make lasting improvements In the
home. There will be such improvements
In the main or reception hall as marble
staircase, marble wainscoting, heavy oak
beam ceiling and marble floor. The walls
from the top of the wainscoting to the
height of the door casings will be covered
with ornamental tile. Each person con
tributing $5 to the cause will have his or
her name embossed on one of the tiles.
On the front of the building there will be
a space ten by fifteen feet which will be
of brick, each brick 2& by 8 inches. Every
friend who will subscribe $1 to the fund
will have his or her name chiseled on one
of the bricks in the space. Then in addi
tion a souvenir picture of the home in
thirteen colors will be Issued.
California Commandery No. 1 some time
since applied for space for a Templar
booth, to be conducted by the command
erv Space has been allotted and the com
mittee consisting of E. Is. Flint, Thomas
Morton, Andrew Wilkie, E. B. Hinds and
George M. Perrine now have the matter
in charge and will arrange a booth that
Will be one of the features of the fair. As
nothing of this kind can be successfully
conducted without the aid of ladles, so
the sir knights admit, the committee has
selected from the general committee Mes
dames A. A. Batkin, J. F. Logan and G.
E. Doran to assist
One Dose Will Stop a Cough.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure never falls;
try it. Price 25c; for sale by all druggists*
"Ten years ago this month,'' ehe Bald,
"I sailed from thi3 city for the Sandwich
Islands, to make a tour of the world,
being specially commissioned by the
Women's Christian Temperance Union as
organizer and evangelist, I visited every
capital of the earth but three of the
minor ones, and in every place I went
was well received. At the time of the
World's Fair I return d home to report
my work, and left shortly afterward for
a second trip,"
Miss Ackerman intends going to South
America in tieptember, and from theTe to
Europe. At present she Is in very poor
health.
POTTER'S FIELD
HIS LAST REST
Hermit Luce's Life Was In
sured for Two Thousand.
Dollars.
The Policy-Holder, a. Capitalist, Re
fuses to Pay for Burial of
the Remains.
Deputy Coroner Hallett, having learned
that Henry W. I-use, a capitalist whose
residence is at 18 Kssex street, held a
$2000 policy of insurance upon the life of
Franklin Luce, the hf-rmit who died last
Friday on the Blue r.tim tract, made in
quir'- of Mr. Luse yesterday as to wheth
er he intended to defray the expenses of
the burial of the deceased, or whether
the city would be saddled with the bur
den of burying him In the potter's iield.
The capitalist replied that he would not
pay out a dollar for the burial of the
body of the man by whose death he was
to come into possession of $2000. When
asked his reasons for this strange course,
Mr. I, use said that he h<il advanced more
than the amount of the policy to the de
ceased in his life time, and that he did
not feel justified in sending any more
good mone-" after bad money.
The deceased was €0 years old. and had
his life insured in 18S3 in Friendship
Lodge Knights of Honor, in this city.
He afterwai transt'env<l the policy to
Capitalist Luse, who 1? said to be not
a relative and who spells his name dif
ferently from that of tho deceased.
If the Knights of Honor provide for the
funeral the expenses will be taken out of
the proceeds of the policy. If not the
body will be buried as that of a pauper.
PECULIAR DEATH.
W. J. Near's Corpse Boiled Down the
Staircase of a Market-Street
Lodging-House.
W. J. Near, a waiter residing at 1055
Market street, met his death yesterday in
a very peculiar manner. He had been
sick for a long time, and at 6:30 in the
morning started to go downstairs from
his room. Before he had placed his foot
on the first step he fell d*>ad and his
corpse rolled to the bottom of the stairs,
the nose of the dead man being broken
in the fall.
The deceased leaves a widow in Long
mont. Colo. The body was taken to the
Morgue and an Inquest will be held.
r ADVERTISEMENTS. , _______
i-©+#+«+©+*+a+a+«+o+©+o+©+#+«+©+a+*+©+«+a+«-»
CITY OF |ffg PARIS.
WASH GOODS BEPiTIIT.
We will offer this week an entire new line; of
Wash Fabrics.
Imported French Organdies.
French Grenadines, all colors. .
Printed Lawns and Irish Dimities.
White and Colored Persian Lawns. "■■'■•
Fancy Colored Piques for Waists.
Madras and Crash Suitings (New' Styles).
Scotch Zephyrs in Plain Checks and Plaids.
Plain French Organdies in the Leading Colors. |
I ;Mousselinede Sole, full line of colors, just opened.
4-4 French Percales, 36-inch, best . quality, at 12^c.
White and Colored Dotted Swiss, prices ranging from A2Hc to 50c.
SPECIAL. .
50 PIECES WHITE FIGURED PIQUE AT 25c PER YARD.
SAMPLES SENT. ON APPLICATION. .. . . •'.
. . ... MAIL ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
DON'T FAIL
to visit our MILLINERY DEPARTMENT, where we are show-
ing the very latest PARISIAN CREATIONS.
CITY OF fARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
CHOYNSKI HAS
BLOOD POISON
His Left Arm and Right
Shoulder Are Inoc
ulated.
The Poison Has Also Caused
an Affection of the
Heart.
The Doctors Say That Joe Will Have
to Rest for a Long
' r Time.
Racked with pain and tormented by
a dread illness, Joe Choynski is now
waiting with much anxiety for the next
few days to pass. He is suffering from
blood poisoning, and, though his physi
cians think there is no immediate dan
ger, his illness is a serious one.
The cause is not positively known, but
it is believed to have been due to in
oculation from a sore on the arm of,
George Green, with whom Choynski
sparred while the former was training
for his fight with Ryan. However he
came by it, it is certain that Joe is now
in great physical agony, and that the
poison has coursed through his veins
' for some time. The trouble has brought
with it attendant affections, and Joe's
heart is now in pretty bad shape. Dur
ing the last few days he suffered from
severe palpitations. His physician, Dr.
Gallwey, also finds an enlargement of
the cardiac organ.
About a week before the Ryan-Green
fight, while boxing with Green, Choyn
ski tore a patch of skin off his left
arm just above the elbow. They boxed
for some time after the accident,
clinching, wrestling and righting at
close quarters. George Green was at
tbis time afflicted with a crop of boils,
and it is thought that Choynski's open
skin wound came in contact with
Green's boils, and the result was blood
poisoning.
Joe noticed the scratch on his arm
and its evident unwillingness to heal
some time prior to the Sharkey battle.
At times his left arm would grow stiff,
and massage was necessary to lubricate
it for rapid use in bag punching. It
did not pain him then, but it was a
source of annoyance. Last Monday
the left arm grew stiff, and on Tuesday
night, in the presence of Ed Graney,
Choynski stripped to show his bosom
friend the sore on his arm. Then for
the first time Joe noticed a long black
stripe on the inside of the left upper
arm. Joe began to work his arm in.
ami out, when suddenly he straight
ened up and fainted dead away. Gra
ney did not lose a moment, but tele
phoned for Dr. Gallwey, who has been
in attendance ever since.
Not only is the left arm swollen, but
the right shoulder is in the same
condition. Poultices were applied to
the sore places and the puss drawn to
the surface. It was necessary to lance
the arm and shoulder last night.
It will be some time before Joe Cho
ynski steps into the ring again. The
affection of the heart will demand a
long: rest, and the roots of the poison
will have to be eradicated before Cho
ynski can do anything physically vio
lent. His physician thinks it a miracle,
that he could have fought at all with
his heart in such a condition.
HIT HER ON THE NOSE.
Serious Charge Made Against Police
Officer Colen.
Annie Watson, a woman who has been
«rrested several times for vagrancy,
made a serious charge in Judge Camp
bell's court yesterday morning against
Policeman Colon.
Colen had her up for vagrancy again,
and she testified that he had been hound
ing her for years. After he arrested her
on the last occasion she ran away from
him while he was ringing up the patrol
wagon, and after he caught her again he
struck her on the nose with such force
as to make It bleed, and made use of
strong language at the same time. His
antipathy to her was because she would
not give him more 50 cent pieces.
Colen dented striking the woman, and
said that her nose was bleeding when he
arrested her. He also denied getting any
money from her.
The Judge continued the case for a
week, and will Investigate the charges
brought against the policeman.
Moreland's Address to Young Men.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock the Rev. W.
H. Moreland. rector of St. Luke's Episco
pal Church, will address the mass meet
ing for men only at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, Mason
and Ellis streets, on "Gambling." St.
Luke's vestei choir of forty men and
boys will assist in the service. Seats free
and all young men welcome.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HENRI ROCHEFORT
The Famous French Journalist
HENRI ROCHEFORT Writes:
Your precious "Yin Mariani" has com-
pletely reformed my constitution; you
should certainly offer some to the French
Government.
HENRI ROCHEFORT.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC for BODY, NERVES and BRAIN
FOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN,
Yin Mariani is indorsed by the medical facnlty all over
the world. It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General
Debility.
MALARIA, WASTING DISEASES AND LA GRIPPE.
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
YIN MARSANI GIVES STRENGTH
SPECIAL OFFER— To all who write mentioning the San Francisco CALL, we send
a book containing portraits and indorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES,
CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished personages.
MARIAN! & CO.. 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris— H Boulevard Haussmann; London— S3 Mortimer Street; Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital Street.
t»I4|MCHFS
||ij! -1 IMUIILJI
fflv FROM THE EYES .
W is the NatUral reading
VW^ DISTANCE NEARER OR FURTHER
IS ABNORMAL AND HEEDS INVESTIGATION
CALL amd SEE US
OPTICIANS photo gBA SUPPL5 UPPL , £S ;
***> 642 Market St. q^
UMder chronicle
000000000000000000
•>w PALACE *-«•§
% GRAND hotels o
Q SAN FRANCISCO. q
Jf Connected by a covered passageway. ~*
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
© All Under Oste Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. Bl. OO per day and upward ~
American Plan.» 3. OO per day and upward **
O Correspondence Solicited. ©
Q JOHN C. KIREFATBICS, Manager. q
oo ooooooooooooc o_oo
A well-known lawyer "of high standing and reputation,
practicing in New York City, states in a very emphatic way :
¥ There is no doubt whatever th' V
RIPANS TABULES
are a good thing. Any one troublea, as I was for years, with
dyspepsia and sour stomach, will find almost instant relief in
nine cases out of ten. I have recommended the Tabules
dozens of times, and the result has been uniformly beneficial
and satisfactory."
SPEED! SAFETY! COMFORT!
FOURTH TRIP.
STMR. HUMBOLDT
Sails on or about March 31st direct for
SKAGUAY
-AND-
DYEA.
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, 310 Clay St.
'Phone— Main 1779.
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
1004 Market St.,
j Sear Powell.
T«lepnona, Soutla 4 SO.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets, open
until IS o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o-rfoMc
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o cloc»;
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o clocK.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock. ,
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 3 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
_^ST~ChuTch of Christ, Scientist. Central
block 2"3 Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave-At ii a m., Christian Science Bible
lessons; subject. "The Beheading of John
the Baptist Sunday school for children at
the same hour. "Science and Health study
Thursday at 8 p. m. All are welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mas sts.-Rev. George C. Adams. D p..
l.astor will preach morning .and evening.
Morning service. 11 a. in.: theme. If Jesus
Came Now What Would He Find?" Even-
Ing service. 7:30; theme. "Heroes in the
Cause of Temperance." Sunday school ana
Bible classes at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. i...
6:30 p. m. Samuel D. Mayer, organist and
choirmaster^
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts.— Rev. J. N. -Beard,
DD . pastor. Preaching at 11 a. m. by the
pastor. Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. class
and consecration meeting at 6:30 p. m.. Rev.
James Renwick, leader. Preaching at « :X0
p. m. : subject. "Purity." A series of ser-
mons will be preached Sunday evenings, as
follows: March 27, "Prayer"; April i,
"Bible Study"; April 17, "Reading"; May 1,
"Amusements"; May 8. "Beneficence"; May
15 "Service." All are cordially Invited. Seats
free. ' *
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion St., bet. Sixth and Seventh— Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. Class
1 meeting at 9:30 a. m. and 12:30 p. m. Love
feast at 9:30 in Sunday-school rooms. Morn-
Ing sermon at 11; subject, "Love's Sacrifices,
followed by holy communion. Sunday-school,
1 p. m.. Rolla V. Watt, superintendent. Chris-
tian Endeavor Society. 6:15 p. m. Evening
sermon. 7:30; subject. "What Can a Woman
Do? or Lessons for the Womanhood of the
Nation From the Remarkable Career of
Frances Willard." This is a people's church.
Seats all free. Everybody invited. Music
led by chorus choir, J. J. Morris, leader.
Midweek prayer service, Wednesday, 7:30 p.m.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary— Rev. John Hemphill. D.D.. pastor.
Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Music,
morning. "Te Deura" (B flat), William Reed;
offertory, "O Jesus, Thou Art Standing
□hard); solos 'and quartet. Music, even-
ing. "Cantate Domino" (A). A. J. Holden;
offertory, "Art Thou Weary?" P- A-
Shnecker; solo and quartet. All are cordially
invited.
THE Second Unitarian Church, Twentieth
and Capp streets— A. J. Wells, pastor. Ser-
mon at 11 a. m. by the Rev. J. H. Whitmore
of Boston. Special service at 7:45 p. m..
Rev Dr. Voorsanger will speak on 'The
Problems of the City." Seats are free.
BETHANY Church, Bartlett st.. near Twenty-
fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond, pastor. In absence
of pastor Rev. W. W. Madge will preach
' morning and evening. Evening topic: "Diffi-
culties in the Way of Becoming a Christian.
FRIENDS' Meeting— meeting of The Friends
(called Quakers) Is held on first day (Sunday)
of each week at 11 o'clock at lecture room
of V M C A. Hall, corner Mason and Ellis
Bts " Sabbath school or Bible class at same
place at 12:30 o'clock. Friends' Union school
tor children at Sunshine Hall, 934 Harrison
st . between Fifth and Sixth, at 3 p. m.
each Sunday. Mothers' meeting at same
place on Wednesday afternoon at 3 p. m.
To all of these services you are cordially
invited. No collections.
STRANGERS' Sabbath Home, Howard Street
Methodist Episcopal Church, 1 643 Howard St.,
bet Second and Third, 2 blocks from Palace
Hotel— Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.. pastor.
Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Dr.
Wilson having recovered from his protracted
Illness, will preach at both services. Morning
subject "The Now and the Hereafter of the
Redeemed." At 7:30 p. m.. praise service and
short sermon. Special music by chorus. Boys
Brigade Ladies' Choral and Antiphonal
Choirs ' Sabbath school. Normal and Bible
classes at 12:30 p. m. Great Epworth League
' rally at 6:15 p. m. Week night services— Mon-
day" Professor Schultz Choral Society, In-
struction free: Tuesday. Pentecostal and Pro-
bationers' classes; Wednesday, midweek
prayer, praise and salvation service; Thurs-
day reception to strangers ; Friday, Boys'
Brigade Bible class and drill. Companies F
and <}. All are always welcome at a.i times.
Seats free.
FIRST. Divine Science ChurcTi— M. E. Cramer,
pastor Subject. "I Am." Services held In
unite Hall, N. S. G. W. . building. Mason
Ft., between Geary and Post, 11 a. m. faun-
day school and Bible class. 12:30 p. m.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
sectarian) has. for one of Its objects "To help
men and women to realize the nobility or
their calling and their true position In life.
Meetings every Saturday night at 8 o clock
at 819 Market st.
BAN FRANCISCO Lodge of Universal Brother-
hood. 819 Market St.— Lecture to-night, "What
Is the Soul?" by Dr. Jerome A. Anderson;
subject Tuesday night. "The Astral Light. '
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.— Mass-meeting for men only this (Sun-
day) afternoon at 3 o'clock. Address by the
Rev W. H. Moreland. rector of St. Luke s
church, on "Gambling." The vested choir
of St. Luke's, composed of forty men and
boys, will assist in the service. Seats free,
and all young men welcome.
rHE THEOBOPHICAL Society— H. P. Bla-
vatsky founder. Free public lectures every
Sunday at 8 p. m.. Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Market and Seventh sts. Subject to-night:
"Man and His Destiny," by Mr. Charles P.
Neilson. Good music. Popular lectures^ Sub-
ject Wednesday evening: "Mentality."
DAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY Progressive ritualists. El Dorado
Hall Alcazar building. O'Farrell st. — Sun-
day March 20. s^- service at 7:30. Mrs. R.
g Lillle of Boston will lecture; subject, "The
Spiritual and the Material— Where Is the Bor-
der Line?" Admission 10c.
_T Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society. 909 Market St.,
11 free; 2-8 p. m., 10c; Mrs. Sealey, Gllltng-
ham, others. Doctor at 909 Market St.,
Wednesday and Thursday. 2 to 5 p. m.
TEST developing circle. 2 p. m., i p. m.; test
meeting 10c 335 McAllister St.: R. A. Stl-t.
Nita, Meakin, Hargreave, Han3on, Gilling-
ham, others. /_J_ _O
_ME MONTAGUE will hold meeting in San
Francisco Wednesday eve, at 8 o'clock: \v :tsn-
ington Hall. opp. Tlvoli; questions answered;
readings.
OAKLAND Psychical Society, Fraternal Hall.
Washington St.. 7:30 p. m. Mme. Montague
and Prof. Loveland will occupy tr.e platform.
MRS ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing
seance, Sun., 2 "and 8 p. m.. s'">c. 322 O'Farrell.
JOHN SLATER, grand test seance to-night at
S. HaJl. 909 Market at.: admission 10 cents.
p V MILLER'S etherealizing materializing
"seance, . p. m.. 50c. M 9 Leavenworth at.
\T 1133 Mission St.. to-night. Mrs. Favr«'B
spiritual test meeting; free; no collection.
VI ME YOUNG'S convincing teat circle to-
night. 10c; 605 McAllister st.; flne music.
AT Mrs. W'renn's .meeting. 997 Market St.. best
mediums; admission free to-night. '
LARkTx. -To- night;/ grand spiritual meet-
ing. Prof. Gill: Prof. Fisher; 10c.
TEST circle to-night, 937 Guerrero St., near
Twenty-second; admission 10c.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM Golden Gate Commandery No. <^-i-a
16 X T.. 625 Sutter St.— This Com- . __^
m'andery is hereby ordered to assem- IBJJ
Me at the Asylum on SUNDAY, March
20, at 1 o'clock, for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late f rater, SIR THOMAS
- JEFFERSON BASS.
JONATHAN M. PEEL. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Consistory No. (BBMCJ
I— Officers and members are |£?r
requested to • assemble at the IST aKI . "i!
. Temple THIS (SUNDAY) AF- ■_■££-
TERNOON. March 20, at 1:30 |__Wf_™||j
o'clock, to attend the funeral •— ' iRi —
of their late brother, THOMAS rs*__l
J. BASS. C,
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
MOUNT Mortal! Lodge' No. 44, F. and ■
A. M. Officers and members are re- -o%^
spectfully requested "to assemble at «_3\
Masonic Temple THIS DAY (Sunday), '^r^>
' at 2 o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
luneral of our late brother, THOMAS JEF-
FERSON BASS. By order or the W. M.
- TJIEO. FROLICH. Bee.
_NITY Encampment No. 26. I. O. <>s__!i^
O. F. — Members notified to attend -VS_2Rv_
funeral of our late Patriarch. ED- i^ySSßsXr
MIND F. CLARK, THIS DAY. ""^
1:30 p. m. . ,W. H. BLUNDEN. Scribe.
Fidelity Lodge No. 222. I. O. <s_i_i_*r"
.O. F. — Initiation MONDAY _fg___sS_
EVENING, March 21. N. G. ~^mfc?~~
W. H. STACKPOLE. N. G. I ?^*
JAMES LAWRENCE. Rec. Sec.
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Members v >_
are . urgently requested to . meet 3y. _*$,?
MONDAY. March 21, at 7:30 p. m., 'i_\X£s
•to take action on report of officers **=_?%
as to picnic. ( Early adjournment on account
of Mr. Durward.Lely's concert:
JAMES' S. WEBSTER. President. •
A. C. BALLING ALL. Secretary.
THIRTY-SECOND annual gathering ■. %f <.
and games of ihe Caledonian Club s>j _*iX_
at Shell Mound Park. Berkeley.' . tJ\X<5?
SATURDAY. May 28. «•-»•(_
JOHN REID, Chief,
l_ •*■*_!. ' H. DUNCAN.'; Sec \
." ■ -■ . - .
.MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
MACHINISTS, Attention!— P. J. Condon will
' address the machinists of San Francisco at
an open meeting to be held at Social Hall,
Alcazar building, on WEDNESDAY EVEN-
ING, March 23. All machinists are cordially
invited to attend. J. J. BEALE, M. M.
JAMES MAGINNIS, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from John E. Burton, In the Green
Mountain mine, near Mokelumne Hill, Cala-
veras County, to deposit tailings in Chile
Gulch; from the Harvllle Mining Company,
in the Harville mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Martinez
Creek; from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek, and
from the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
Company, in the Star of Plumas. placer mine, j
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings in a ravine, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at • room 69, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on March 28,
1898, at 1:30 p. m. ■ ■■■f-\-
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual j
meeting of the stockholders of the Western )
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the j
office of the company. 327 Market St., San [
Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the 2Sth day |
of March, 1898, at the hour of 12 m., |
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc- |
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the i
transaction of such other business as may j
come before the meeting. 1
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
18. aS9B. at 12 o'clock m. .
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
X .^v^^^^^^v^-^^ I
ALL persons having any bills against the firm
of BCHAEFER & CO. will please present
them before Wednesday, March 23, 1898. at
their office, 630 Clay at.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. lSfc Turk st. and 1118 Market, rooms
15-16.
ROOMS papered. $2 60 up; whitened, U up.
2808 Twenty-fourth St., or 239 Third st.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic . treatment. 223 Post St.. room 3.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 636 Kearny st., room 9.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 11» Taylor st.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 906 Market St., room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st, room 6; tei. 5580.
MRS STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary St.. room 11.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye.: elec-
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 79 (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY. April 1, IS9S. Transfer books will
close on. Saturday. March 26, 1898. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Dividend No. 53 (forty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday. March 21. 1898. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, March 15, IS9B, at 3 o'clock
p. m . E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED-
EXPERIENCED girl would like position
labeling and filling bottles or boxes. Ad-
dress 5 Perry st.
REFINED lady wishes situation as house-
keeper. 2525 Brandt aye., near Twenty-
fourth st. ■
AN American lady of refinement desires a po-
sition as traveling companion: first-class ref-
erences given. Address MRS. L., box 4»S,
Call office. I
LADY desires gentlemen's mending to do at
home. Address X. M.. box 5. Call office.
SWEDISH girl of experience wants situation;
good cook and houseworker; references. 109
Grant aye., room 16.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a
place as housekeeper where there is no other
woman; good references. 1030 Capp St., near
Twenty-sixth. :
YOUNG lady desires position as nursery gov-
erness or companion; is trustworthy and com-
petent to take entire charge of children; can
give the best of references; no objection to
country or travel. Address M. C, box 8100,
Call office. '
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position as
housekeeper or first-class cook; best of city
references. Apply Monday after 10 a. m.,
room 24,- Root House, 126 Fourth st.
YOUNG Jewish girl, very recently from Ger-
many, of good family and well brought up,
seeks suitable employment. Address F. M.,
box 20. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, »1 60
day. 2214VJ Flllmore st.
REFINED middle-aged German widow wishes
a place as housekeeper for elderly couple or
elderly gentleman. Box 2552. Call office.
SKIRTS cleaned and rebound: children's wear
a specialty; charges moderate. 1352 Howard.
PIANO lessons. 30c a lesson at pupil's resi-
dence; city and Oakland; classic and all kind
of music taught. Box 2822. Call office. •
CAPABLE, refined lady's companion desires
re-engagement as companion or governess;
good reader; will travel; beat reference. Ad-
dress box 2817. Call office.
AMERICAN woman would like situation as
managing and working housekeeper. Address
418 Ellis St., room 68.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like the care of a
few offices; references. . Address M. M., 7328
Army st. .
DRESSMAKER, late with a leading New York
house, accustomed to high-class trade, wish-
ing to establish herself In business, will work
at ladles' homes 3 days a week at half price
' until April 1; tailor-made gowns and novelty
waists a specialty: out-of-town trade solic-
ited; reference from present customers. Ad-
dress, all week, Expert, box 2804, Call office.
EASTERN woman and daughter want positions !
in the country: understands all branches of
housekeeping: good cook and splendid man-
ager; both competent to take charge. Box
2104, Call office. ■
! AN experienced Swedish nurse wishes situa-
tion as a child's nurse. 579 Capp st.
i GOOD willing woman wishes situation to do
general housework; city or short distance in
country; good plain cook. 230 Minna st.
LAUNDRESS wants work Mondays and
Wednesdays; $1 25 per day. Address 240 Vi
Harriet st. i
j COMPETENT Swedish girl wants a situation
to do general housework In American family;
good cook; wages not less than $>0. Box 2532,
Call office.
GIRL wishes situation at general housework;
good English cook; will come at low wages;
city reference. 362 Jessie st. _ . :,' !.v
SITUATION wanted as housekeeper by widow;
fond of children. Widow, 2824 Mission st.
REFINED lady would like a position as com-
panion or nurse to an invalid. S. T., Call
branch. 621 McAllister st. ' ' '
ELDERLY American woman wants situation;
is good plain cook; any distance in the coun-
try; wages $10 per month. Address 22% 7th.
WANTED— Any kind of work by the day by a
, respectable woman; good laundress. 650 Polk.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
. engagements; good cutter and fitter; $1 25
per day; no objection to country. Address
box 2036. Call. , .
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge; no children; no objection to
country: excellent references. Address box
2083. Call office. ' .
YOUNfI lady wishes a situation as cook In a
' Spanish or English family; prefer Spanish. 11
Dawson place. . ;
WOMAN wants cooking and housework; will
go across bay; no trlflers; No. 1 cook. 1104
Mission St., room 32. j . • ■•
LADIES' tailor wants cutting position; 6 years'
experience in the East on fine work; good
I appearance. Box 2139, Call office.
GIRL wishes situation for second work and
waiting; city references. Call 3384 Twenty-
second st., near Guerrero.
GIRL wants position to do chamberwork. Call
• on or address E. STARRS, 262 Seventh St. '
! MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position, as
cook and general housework. 229 27th st.
! YOUNG German woman wishes any kind ■of
: work by the .day; good sewer. . Apply 1007
Oak; i St., near Scott. ■
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
, keeper's position ■■ or to do . plain mending.
BMB Howard st., room 3. ,
FASHIONABLE dressmaker wishes a few en-
gagements in family by . the day or week;
perfect fit and satisfaction guaranteed. 1103
Powell st ' '■■■-. .: ,-V , . f.
COMPETENT young woman, good in composi-
tion, wishes ;■ position; private secretary or
. confidential clerk; "small salary. E. N., 960
' Clay St.. Oakland. : ■
RESPECTABLE colored i woman wants a posi-
tion as a first-class cook in a private fam-
I ily or small boarding-house. 1024 Jackson st.
REFINED lady with good ; references ", wishes
situation as ■ housekeeper.' Call or address
" . 34*4 Turk si., room 15. ; ... . • „-..-.■
GERMAN lady • wishes a situation for second
■ work or take care of. Invalid, would I not ob-
I ject to traveling: refer, nces. • Box 2004.- Call.: 1
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain 1 mending. > 1104 ' Mission St.,' corner
: of Seventh, room 10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
SITUATIONS — Continued.
WOMAN wants situation to do general house-
work. Call at 1118 Pierce st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or to do plain mending. 126 Fourth _t. rm. 23.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE Employm't Of flee— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426. ,
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 66. Geo. Aokl, 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— help;
tel. East 777. 805 Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
ITO dry goods merchants — experienced
ladies' cloak and suit buyer (Englishman),
also thoroughly understands the running of
a ladles' tailoring and dressmaking depart-
ment, expert designer, at present holding a
position in the South, would be pleased to
communicate with a good-class Californlan
! firm, with view of position; highest refer-
ences. Address W. W., care Wlghtman &
Co., 21 Waverley place, New York city.
FIREMAN with first-class reference wishes a
position; no objection to country. Address
866 Eleventh St.  1
i STATIONARY engineer wishes a position; city
i or country. Address A. L., 366 Eleventh st.
MAN with practical business experience, full
command of English and German, wants em-
ployment as salesman, assistant bookkeeper
or In any other mercantile capacity. Ad-
dress box 2094. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener; sober and in-
dustrious; can take care of horses, cows, etc. ;
good references. Please address Gardener. 560
Howard St.
CHINESE boy, first-class family cook, wants
situation; small washing, cooking; city:
country ; good references. W. ■S. X., 615^4
Dupont st.
ELDERLY man as bookkeeper, salesman or-
light work; small wages. R. C, box 785, Call.
POSITION wanted as manager or foreman; ex-
perienced in fruit, flowers and vegetables;
first-class references. Box 2092. Call otnee.
JAPANESE wishes situation as first-class cook
in a family; city or country. J. A., box 10,
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— 7 years in one position; 4 In
another;' steady, honest and thoroughly capa-
ble; commence $45. Stenographer, 1322 Cal. St.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady position or
will work Saturday and Sunday. Barber, box
10, Call Office. \
YOUNG man, single, well educated, good rec-
ommendations, desires position of any kind;
moderate salary with chance for advance-
ment. Address L., box 2827, Call Office.
YOUNG man would do light work of any kind
for board, room and small remuneration; ref-
erences. J. D., box 2812, Call Office.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, young boy, wants
situation in small nice family; wages $15 to
$25. Address T. X., 1808 Polk St.
PROOFREADER, rapid and exact, abundant
experience, desires situation. R. C. W., box
2795, Call Office.
MAN and wife. German, without children, ex-
perienced cook, at present running restaurant
for other parties: able to give bonds up to
J4OOO, wishes a change; willing to go north or
Alaska. Address G.. box 6. Call, Oakland.
CLERK in hardware and stove store or general
merchandise; country preferred; best of ref-
erences. E., box 9, Call office, Oakland.
POSITION as blacksmith; first-class horse-
shoer and can do woodwork. G. C. L. T.,
Fruitvale Postofnce, Cal.
POSITION wanted by married man as fore-
man or to take charge of ranch; thoroughly
competent orchardist, vlneyardlst and general
farmer; well posted In raising poultry; able |
to do all the mechanical work on the place;
wife good cook; best references. Box 2090,
Call office.
SITUATIONS wanted by German and wife
without children; man as foreman: under-
stands all kinds of ranch work; wife good
cook and housekeeper; both flrst-clans refer-
ences. Address postofflce box 125, LlvermOre,
Cal.
! ENGLISHMAN, middle-aged, wants situation
to attend to private place or small ranch:
understands care of all kinds of stock and
■ poultry and farm work; references if re-
quired. Address Farmer, 754 Mission it.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; man
understands farming and vineyard; also en-
gineering; woman good cook and housekeep-
• er. . Address T. S. H., 2526 Mission st. , ,?.. /
PAINTER, reliable general workman, wants
situation as working foreman In good shop
or institution; city or country; Wages no ob-
ject. Address box 2089, Call office.
YOUNG man who is willing to work wants a
position: understands bookkeeping; willing to
make himself generally useful; "salary no ob-
ject. Box 20&7, Call office.
MAN lately from the East wishes situation as
night watchman: 15 years in the business;
first-class references. Box 2098. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an accomplished physf-
cian; willing to travel as private secretary.
E. V., box , Call office.
STABLEMAN desires situation; 14 years' ex-
perience. Address A. C, box 2055, Call office.
MAN and wife wish work in hotel; wife to do
general work,' chambermaid and waitress,
man as bartender or night clerk; 10 years' ex-
perience; reference. Address A. L-, general
Post office. Alameda.
LADIES' tailor and cutter wants situation;
formerly of Wilson & Ratner. Address 17
Little Russ st.
WANTED— Position as first-class cutter, with
good experience In first-class tailoring; 8
years' experience. Address box 1469. Call.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper and cashier;
i references furnished. Address box 14, Call.
RELIABLE boy, age 16, residing with his
parents German, wants to learn a trade or
. work In store; best of references. Address
box 2108, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, aged 26, 7 years' experience,
references, desires position with manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern; moderate salary,
with chance for advancement. X., box 25.
Call office.
EDUCATED single . coachman. first-class
horseman and good house worker, strictly
sober, willing and obliging, undeniable refer-
ences, many years with one family, desires
private work as coachman In California. Ad-
dress box 2132, Call office.
GERMAN horticulturist, competent in every
branch of gardening, wishes a situation; pri-
vate garden preferred. W. KLETT, 417 Har-
rison Ft .
THOROUGHLY experienced orchardist, well-
posted on fruit raising, grafting and pruning
trees, cultivating, irrigating, able to raisj
young fruit trees which, without protection
will stand hot weather, desires position at
working foreman on orchard or new to start
orchard: single, sober, reliable man, 45 years
i old; references. Address Orchardist, box 2181.
I Call, office. ' , .-■..-. .
YOUNG man wants situation as gardener or
to take care of horses; handy about the
house. 709 % Buchanan st.: best of references.
SITUATION as watchman; care of horses;
references. W., box 6, Call Office. Oakland.
MAN wishes position as cook In hotel or board-
ing house; country preferred. Box 2059, Call.
I WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms, 2. .c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from fer~y. '
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
j CHAMBERMAID and assist waiting for Ba- ,
kersfteld, $20 and fare paid; Italian chamber-
iraid, city, hotel. .sls;' 3 waitresses tor first-
class water resort, $20: .waitress for San Jose,
$?0; 3 waitresses for Redondo Beach," $20; arm
waitress for Truckee, $20 and fare paid; wait-
ress for private boarding-house, $15: 2 luncn
waitresses for city. $3 50 a - week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary at.
COOK for small boarding-house near city.
Eastern woman preferred, $30. C. R. HAN-
- SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
HOUSEKEEPER for an institution, 515.. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
GOOD laundress for a country hotel, >20 and
r found. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 108 Geary st.
, I RANCH cook for Yuba City. $20 and free fare. -
ranch cook for Collinsviile, $20; German
woman for cooking and laundry work, $25;
housegirl for Vallejo, 3 in ; family, - see lady
• here, *15; 6 housed iris, • $20, and 10 housegirls
for $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN woman for cooking ■in j fam-
ily of 2 at the mines, $25, see party here. C.
R HANSEN _ CO.. 108 Geary sv'v ..
f PROTESTANT laundress - for an Institution,
j - city, $25, ■ call early ■ Monday; neat woman,
' housework, Contra Costa County, $18 i MUR-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment
: Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. ' '
: UNDER new management , adies receive cour-
|.- tesy and prompt, excellent service. 313 Bush.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer, $15 (Kearny); tailoress,
$2 (Market); 2 ticket-sellers (Market) : stenog-
raphers and milliners (Market); millinery
saleslady, ' $15 (Broadway) ; stenographer and
typewriter,* $25: orders In - order Just sas re-
ceived to-day; ladles' department now under
new 'management. ; 313 Bush st. '
2 FIRST-CLASS trimmers. $75 and $S0: 2 young
- ladles, tailoring establishment;! 3 lady ticket
: agents. 313 Bush st.
CLOAK and suit saleslady ; milliners ; • sales-
r ladles : for department store; office assistant
- for Sacramento. .- 1023 Market st.
CLOAK > salesladies, 6 salesladies, -. 6 factory
hands, . tailorea., seamstress. 1023 Market at.
help, WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— XiTapprentice for dressmaking; a
; good . sewer. 540 Ellis st. . - " "
WANTED-Experienced and fast operator on
fine coats. Apply VALENTINE. 516 Geary.
GIRL take care two children; good ; wages.
618 Eugenia aye., corner Wool st.
WANTED-For Alameda, '■ competent .dress-
maker; must do second work: wages $2.,.
Address, .stating experience and references,
' box 2097. Call office. ■■•-■---■•:
LADIES to embroider pillow covers; work sent
to your home; good pay: send stamped en-
velope for particulars and sample. j_mpikj_ ,
EMBROIDERY CO.. 23 Duane St.. N. Y.
WANTED— Apprentice and improve^ in dress-
making. MRS. GORDON. 619 Jessie st. j
EXPERIENCED girl to tend ■ bakery: refer-
ences; $10 and found. H.. box 3. Call Office.
WANTED— A young girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework. 726 Sutter st. :
■WANTED— Young German or Swedish girl;
general housework: plain cooking; wages $15.
Apply from 10 to 12 a. m. 811 Hayes st.
WANTED— for dining-room work; wages
. $15. 517 Mason st.
OPERATORS on children's lace caps and
ladies' shirt waists; steady work. • 54. Market.
A No. 1 finisher on cloaks and capes." M.
SIMINOFF. 1228 Market st.
WANTED-Competent young girl for general
housework. Apply 2114 Central aye., Monday,
between 10 and 12 a. m.
EXPERIENCED hands on paper boxes. 411
Market St., third floor.
GLOVE saleslady. Apply, by letter only, W. M.
SMITH, care P. Centemeri & Co.. 128 Post st.
WANTED— pants finisher. 724%
Market St., room 27. __j '
GIRL 14 years old to learn tailoring and help
. a little around house. 616 Jessie st.
GOOD operators on waiters' coats and white
duck pants. POWER, 636 Clay St.. room 6.
WANTED— apprentice to learn dreas-
maklng. 714 McAllister st.
LADIES, don't fall to visit the McDowell
School: it Is the largest and best dressmaking
and millinery school this side of Chicago: the
McDowell system of dresscutting Is the one
that received all the gold medals and diplo-
mas; in our millinery class we teaoh you the
art of stylish millinery; unlimited lessons;
easy payments; special Inducements offered
this week. The McDowell Dressmaking and
Millinery School, 103 Post st.
LADIES' electric facial and scalp treatment;
wrinkles removed by my process. 9Mi Stock-
- ton st.
WANTED— operators to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory. Gough and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED makers and apprentices on
gloves and suspenders. Apply CARSON
GLOVE CO., 35 Market st. J,
YOUNG girl for general housework; no win-
dows or washing. 1909 Vallejo st.
ELDERLY lady to keep house; country; wages
$10. Box 2086, Call office.
WANTED— girl to assist in housework;
plain cooking; wages $10 to $12. 4628 18th st.
SOLICITORS, city and country: staple goods;
permanent positions. 1155 Mission st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
WANTED— Woman 25 to 35 for light house-
work: can learn dressmaking; good home for
right party. Call after 12 at 116 Taylor st.
ROOMS.' respectable house, from - : > night and
$1 50 week. 142 Seventh; central.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
ing. Apply MR. DAVIS, 32% Fremont st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
Bt. ; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
I 615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscription!* and want ada taken. . .■'■'.
. MALE HELP WANTED.
A— TO THE MINES AND CAMPS.
10 laborers for the mines. $2 .day, no ex-
perience required; 5 miner*, $2 50 day; 6 la- j
bqrers, $1 day and board; 3 sand teamstera,
$1 75 day; farmer and wife, $30, south; 4
choremen ■ and boys for different places.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.. Lead-
ing Employment Agents.
A— THE HOTELS. ETC, |
5 cooks, different places, $45, $35, $25; 4 wait-
ers, $25 and $20; 3 dishwashers. $15 and $20; 2
hotel bakers, $30; German boy to learn bak-
ing, etc., $3 week and found; bellboy. MUR-
RAY ■ & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st. . V - ' | ]
A MACHINIST for city shop. MURRAY & !
READY, 634 and 636 , lay st.
A— TO THE FARMS AND DAIRIES.—
5 milkers, $25 an }20 and found; 15 farm, or-
chard and vineyard hands, $26, $25. $20 and ;
$15, exceptional good places. MURRAY & j
READY, leading Employment Agents, 634 ! '
and 636 Clay st. j
A— THE SAWMILLS AND -WOODS.
365 tiemakers. different places, Be. 9c and 10c I
each: 394 hoppers for different places ]
In California, $1 25, $1 and 70c cord: 58 shingle j
and shake makers, $1 50 cord; 16 bark peel- j
ers, $30 and found: 5 head choppers. $45 and i
found 5 second choppers for the woods, $40 j
and found. MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— EMPLOYERS OF HELP.
We can supply you with the best help "free
of charge;" from January 1 to December |
31. 1897. we gave positions to seventeen thou- i
sand (17,000) men and women; send your or- i
ders to us; we will send competent help.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay St.; tel. Main 5548.
TO-DAY (Sunday) at 9 o'clock, meat and
pastry cook, country hotel, $65 and fare ad-
vanced. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
HEAD cook, country hotel, $65: cook, small
country hotel, $40, fare paid; waiter, nurses' j
hall, country hotel, $35 and free fare; 5 wait-
ers, country hotel, $35 and free fare; 4 res- j
taurant waiters, north, $40; 3 waiters, country ■
hotels. $25. C R. HANSEN <- CO.. IPS Geary.
3 COLORED waiters, country hotel, $25 and
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
PANTRY boy, hotel, $15; porter boy, $15; young
man who lives with parents to clean up in
institution, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 j
Geary st. .
GERMAN milker, $25; man and wife as milker
and cook, $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 103 :
Geary st.
t IRONERS, country laundries. $30 and found;
marker and distributor, $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 108 Geary st, : __
PAINTER for a country hotel, $35, board and I
room. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. IPS Geary st. j
WANTED— German as gardener about a ]
private place, $25 per month: German farmer
and wife, $40 per month, good place; first
timber feller, $45; second timber feller, $40;
Swiss milker, $30; also farmers and others.
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— VartnVr~and wife, $50; man and j
wife to cook for men. $50: hotel cook and
.wife, $50: cook and wife, small restaurant,
$45; waiter, country hotel. $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian couple, for ranch,
18 miles west of Redwood; wire to cook, wash |
and make butter; husband to milk, care for I
horses and do general ranch work; wages $20 .
per month. Apply to H. STEELE, 501 Harri-
son St.; references required. -
WANTED man and wife for family of 2 In
suburban town near San >, Francisco:: man to
take care of horse and do outside work on :
small place; wife to do cooking, washing and
general housework; wages - $25 for • both and ,
■ Board.. Address R. C, box '24oo. Call Office.
FOUR first-class salesmen capable of selling
best retail merchants; good position for right
parties. Address Eastern Mfg. Co., Manhat-
tan building, Chicago. — •
, PIPE chlppers and capers wanted: work on
■ wrought iron water ■ pipe: 4 months' steady
work. Apply Howard St. entrance Risdon
Iron Works. ' < t-. ■.•..--■'' - • .■■ -
WANTED- ■ man for general work: short
! ' distance in country; state age. habits, quali-
i fications, etc. ; wanes $10, Doard and lodging.
Q., box 1, Call Office. i? .'-■■■• /'
WANTED— Second cook, first-class hotel. $50.
Honolulu, fare paid. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton.
I INVESTIGATE the list of lucrative commer-
cial orders at the Exchange, 313 Push. St.
; COME to-day rvoil see the orders for reliable
men wanted. ..13 Bush st. : ■ -
WANTED— . first-class carpet and upholstery
salesman ' to take charge of a department.
313 Bush st. ■' :' ■ ■•■ '•■■
GERMAN barkeeper, $13: practical gold and
:„•■ silver electro plater.- $3. 313 Bush st., .;. .. 
YOUNG man, general merchandise store; office,
manager; hardware specialty salesman.- 313
Bush st. ... ■ . . : ■-';■->■'•■••■'?
GROCERY" clerk: Mexican saddle stamper: do-
mestic, goods salesman and dry goods. 313
Bush st. "■■/.■ •■•■■ • • ■ . •■ |
I MAN and wife as manager and cashier for J
; Sacramento: $80. , 313 ' Bush st. - .' ' : ,
MAN and wife aa' manager and correspondent !
: for Seattle: cash business. , 313 Bush st. ,;<
MAN •; and wife jto manage ■ branch cash busi-
: ness in Spokane. ;' 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to superintend cash office busi-
ness; Taroma; $7.".. ;< 313 Bush, st: ' _____
TRAVELING hardware specialty salesman; in-
: terview to-day; excellent opening. 313 Bush.
$100 , PER . month— Of flee 1 partner ; 1 active and
I energetic; exceptional opportunity. "13 Bush.
ADVERTISING department manager; ■>' charge
local and foreign trade catalogue*. » 813 Bush.
HELP WAN r . ZD-Contlnned.
HOTEL porter,-. 525, country; Dell boy: furni-
ture van driver, experienced. 1023 Market at.
YOUNG man, office cashier; Al winemaker;
machinist. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— and women ; work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method ; any one who can read or
write can do the work In spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist, Tyrone, Pa.
WANTED— competent city delivery
clerk for grocery business. Address M.. box
4, Call office.
WANTED— A first-class nurseryman and flor-
ist: single man with references. Address
Nursery, box 20, Call office.
BOY in newspaper office; delivering; state
monthly wages. SURE, box 2524, Call office.
YOUNG man, German, who stops home pre-
ferred, as lunchman. 1053 Market St.; call be-
tween 12 and 2 p. m.
GARDENER wanted at .once at GRALLERT
& CO.'S Carnot Conservatory-, Colma. San
Mateo Co.; write or call after 3 p.m.
WANTED— A good job compositor and press-
man. Box 2506, Call office.
WANTED— A boy to distribute type in print-
ing office. Box 280 C. Call office.
WANTED— No. 1 watchmaker. Inquire 33 N.
El Dorado st., Stockton.
TYPEWRITER, stenographer, bookkeeper, a
combination man for a country store. $50 and
Increase; state full particulars. Box 2803, Call.
WANTED — with some experience in
insurance or with building and loan associa-
tions; liberal inducements. Address box 2079,
Call office.
WANTED— Intelligent business man to
represent large corporation on liberal terms:
muat be able and convincing conversational-
ist; good address; well educated for inter-
view. Address box 2078. Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 628.
WANTED— A man to cook and attend a little
to bar. 550 Clay st.
BARBER-SHOP; $200; 2 chairs, 8 living-rooms;
rent $20. 321 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
BOILER makers wanted at the Risdon Iron
Works, Beale and Howard sts. Apply at the
Howard-st. entrance.
FINE coat makers wanted. Apply bet. 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
MAN for orchard work; married; steady Job.
Box 2102, Call office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet In height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting of flee. 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — An Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 523 Market St., room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
GOOD canvasser wanted— 9 Geary st., room 1.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 3.
FUCHS, Sec., 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 -hird it.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. :
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 & Mission j
st., men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— men to occupy clean rooms; 2
nights 25c. or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
MEN to lean barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 138^ Eighth St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Rooms 25c to $1
( night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms, 10c end 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET, 863*4 (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 25c
to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 2f,c a night; SI a week.
LARKTN. 615— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken. .^__l^__ '
AGESTS~WAS TE IK
AGENTS— We have engaged over . 300 i more
agents during January; we expect to
double this during this month; our goods
sell like wild fire; they are needed, they cre-
ate permanent patronage; In this way our '
agents build up a regular trade Just as a
'- merchant builds up his; why. waste your
time, energy and ability on . things that :
have no merit, when by working for us you
don't have to talk, our goods do that, and >
as weeks grow into months your Income |
keeps pace with it; 200 per cent average
profit. Address, with stamp. Aluminum ■
Novelt 1 - Compai ", department 9, 335 Broad-
„ way. New York. j
AGENTS wanted to sell the "Automatic Book- j
keeper," a new, simple, practical. Ingenious
device whereby a person without previous
experience can correctly keep a set of j
books: sells at sight; price 50 cents; agents' j
sample copy, 25 cents postpaid. Address :
Automatic Bookkeeper Company, 730 Alva-
rado St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
AGENTS wanted for the "Life and Work of j
Frances Wlllard": only edition authorized j
by the W. C. T. U. : liberal terms. Address
National Publishing Company, Lakeside
building. Chicago. .
AGENTS— A Klondike handling our latest
slot machines: sells on sight. Mills Novelty i
- Company, 127 West Randolph St., Chicago.lU. i
AN energetic, reliable lady to take the agency
of the quickest selline and best wearing ;
corset on the market; absolutely perfect; good
profits; to the. right party will give exclusive
territory: if you want to get in the spring
trade make arrangements now. Address ST.
LOUIS CORSET COMPANY, St. Louis. Mo.
SOLICITORS for "The Beautiful Life of Miss
Frances E. Wtllard"; published under the
auspices and indorsed by the W. C. T. U. ;
the only official book: prepared by Anna Gor- i
don for 21 years Miss Willard's secretary:
beautifully illustrated; only $2; tremendous
demand; bonanza for agents; superb book;
liberal commissions; complete outfit 50c.
JOHN E. HOHAM & CO., authorised dis-
tributors, 834 Dearborn St., Chicago, 111.
~ PARTNERS WANTED.
$500— Party or partner to Join In opening or ■
would enter into already established sanita- \
rium where apartments could be had: remedy
positive cure; sole rights thereto secure;
paralysis, rupture, dropsy, eyes, etc. Box
faS, Call. . . '-,•■:
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, with
capital to invest In a good-paying business.
309 Sutter St., room 13, first floor. - -
PARTY with $100: gilt-edge proposition;, suit-
able for lady; Investigate. Box 2821. Call.
WANTED— partner in saloon. 4 Washing-
ton St. ;' * . ;■.■:■*'
PARTNER wanted with $4000 In a first-class
family hotel. Box 2071, Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st. : tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery «t. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davl* 71.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Modern house of 8 or 9 rooms:
north of Market, east of Polk and south of
Butter; rent not to exceed $35; references.
Address box 2811. Call office.
K00..1S WANTED. -
HOUSEKEEPING rooms: small family; West-
ern Addition; north of McAllister., Box 2020,
Call office. '
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— cinematograph and
films: must be cheap for cash. C, box 9,
Call office. Oakland.
6 HORSE-POWER gasoline engine In good re-
pair; ready for use. Box 2117, Call office.
WANTED— A good second-hand gasoline
launch. Lock box 329, Red Bluff, Cal. :
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. Chutes. city. -
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus: second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. - . .■■•.•:.
PAWNBROKER— gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLKMAN. 41 Third.
LOST.
"' .i . .... ■ .■.■■ i I-. .--'." ' ' '■'•"-■-"-•'• -i .-.--- — .-.->.-. :
LOST— Gentleman's vest.' last week Wednesday,
March 16; important papers.' Return CHI"N
AH SAM. 72CA Sacramento St., Hoy Lee Co.,
and receive reward of $5.
LOST— Lady's cameo pin. • Return to 2320 How-
ard st. and receive reward. .- '
STRING, with keys, between Bush. Market, on
Powell. Return 615 Bush St.. reward. ,>; : -7_
$10 REWARD— Lost, on the > 7th inst., young
male fox terrier, nearly all black except sad-
dle mark and legs. Return to 281 Stevenson.
YAWL rowboat,' lSxu feet, varnished :Menottl, :
Sausalito. builder: $20 reward. CARTAN,
MCCARTHY & CO., 312. Sacramento st.
LOST— A bunch of keys. ■ between Harrison and I
Folsom, Fourth and Fifth. sts. _ 653 Howard st. ;
ON Tuesday morning, a gold locket; picture
■ir enclosed. ;., Return 1530 Golden Gate. : : reward.
CASH given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
, UNCLE HARRIS', , IB Grant ay*. . <
. PERSONALS.
AMERICAN widow (unlncumbered) of good
references wishes to meet an honorable eld-
erly gentleman matrimonially inclined; must
be "able to support a wife; object a good
home; no triners need apply; view matri-
mony. Box 2011, Call.
YOUNG man going to Klondike wishes ac-
quaintance of lady not over 22 with capital;
object matrimony; confidential. Address box
2096. Call. • . . ■
ELDERLY gentleman would like the ac-
quaintance of a Christian elderly lady; view,
of matrimony. B. A. N.. box 2814, Call.
LITERARY lady would meet elderly gentle-
man with means; object matrimony. Ad-
dress box 2082, Call Office.
HENRY— without fall; Sixth st.
PAIj Lj.
LITTLE There V Wednesday. 34.
LEARN to hypnotize; greatest wonder of the
age; makes hours of fun; I teach the quick-
est and best method on earth; you can •
make the weak as strong as a lion or the
bully as timid as a child; you can cure <iis- ;
ease or bad habits; cause others to come
to you, love and obey you: every wish grati-
fied: I guarantee success; elegantly Illus- ;
trated lesson, postpaid 10c. Address PROF.
J. R. HERRIN, box 273. Decatur. 111.
HYPNOTISM taught in five lessons by lady
metaphysician- of wide experience; all may ,
witness demonstrations to-night free; last
evening to the public. 911 Van Ness aye.
NICE young man wishes the acquaintance of
a young or middle-aged lady with some good
capital; object matrimony. Call or address
JOHN MICHAEL, 765 Market St.. room 23.
MATRIMONIAL.
; .„! .. — —
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 pages; no $5 re-
qulred. Editor. 11l Ellis St., San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS-
COME Into the largest hair dressing establish-
ment on the Pacific Coast; best of service,
25c only; good switches. $1; best, finest qual-
ity, $3 50; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sun-
days from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
A FREE prescription for monthly irregulari-
ties; It never fails' to relieve In one day; no
deadly drugs, pills or capsules; the prescrip-
tion will be sent free with every $5 order,
after which It can be made at home at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 in 2c
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
. last six months; office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to 8
evenings. THE ATWELL CO.. 36^ Geary St..
San Francisco. j
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches,
10c: Bxlo and 10x12. lie: 11x14 and 12x16. 20c:
14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c;. 18x22, 35c; 20x24, 46c: 22x
28, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
ing, all colors, lc ft;open eve. Jones, Mission
LADIES may select from 2 dozen fancy waists
and costumes, latest styles, when having I
photo taken at HOLLER'S, 8 Sixth; also |
children's dresses; free; cabinets, $1 per doz. j
QUINONIA Hair Tonic Is, in all cases, en- j
tirely harmless. G. LEDERER, 11l Stockton. j
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
' rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
PRIVATE home in confinement; connected with |
housekeeping apartments. MRS. DR. j
• FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
LADIES, my monthly regulator never fails;
trial. 10c. MRS. ROWAN, Milwaukee. Wl3. ]
ELECTRIC lights In eyery room: Winchester
House. 44 Third St., nr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and Itaggage to and from the ferry.
DRUMMER'S samples little boys' fancy and
plain suits at a sacrifice. 107 Sansome st^,
upstairs. ■
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St., S. F.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish .
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, 118 Grant aye.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at i
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton st.: phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
— — . —^— .. — ■ — —^^^—^— i
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO French Tailoring College.
916 Market st. ' . .
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, j
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm 86.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES^
BY joining- Lewis' expedition the Klondike
country can be reached for one-half; new
route; number limited: Investigate this. Room I
321. Safe Deposit building. I
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed ;
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.. |
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington, j
$250— Yukon ' river points, via St. Michael,
including one year's supplies, passage and
freight. Apply room 32, 4 Sutter st. '
SACRIFICE— Lady's long mink-lined coat,
marten storm collar; make offer. 811 Market.
WANTED — Grubstake for part Interest; U. S.
patent: suitable for Alaska. 863^ Market st.
LARGE long-haired dog; suitable for Alaska;
a bargain. 130 Seventh st.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska,' for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye. -
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN, 1238 Fillmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market St.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves In the
world. HOLMES & CO.. 416-41S Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch cofiles, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Pacific st
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter.
615 LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22& Geary.
Loans made on furniture.
48 rooms; best in city $2,000
26 rooms: Market: a give away 450
23 rooms; all housekeeping: make offer.. 700
20 rooms, near new P. O. ; a snap 875
17 rooms, near Plaza: always fu11... 650
15 rooms, near Market: rent $45 300
14 rooms; Golden Gate; 5nap...... 400
12 rooms: Market; boarding; clears $75.... 675
11 rooms; Ninth; clears $50; bonanza 400
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good.. »no
9 rooms; Leavenworth; nice house 275
7 rooms: Market: offices pay rent 200
- Hundreds of others at your own price.
FOR SALE or exchange— Hotel of 40 com-
pletely furnished rooms;. 2 acres of ground:
near San Francisco; don't fail to Investi-
gate this place. WINSTON & CO., 646 Mar-
ket st. . .
14 ROOMS. Sutter St.: offices $450
25 : rooms, . rent $75; .part cash • 800
23 rooms; $300 cash, balance payments.... 450
26 rooms; rent $55; new: payments.... 1450
43 rooms: rent $100: clears $125 1600
25 rooms: Powell St.: new 2500
22 rooms; sunny corner; rent $90..'.., 1500
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market St.
110-ROOM house: clears $530..". $6500 •
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100 |
12 rooms, on O'Furrell: clears $50 :.. 500 1
11-room house:. sunny corner: fine.. 500 :
26 rooms; new and good .. 800 ;
XS rooms, on Mission "....". 1000 |
32 rooms, on Market: clears $250 _.. 2800
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. /Fifth.
WANTED— Tenant for vacant 28-room house;
cheap rent. 24 Turk fit., or SPECK & CO.
GOOD transient house for sale; no reasonable
offer refused. Box 2095. Call office.
$200— 13-ROOM house; all full; must be sold;
sickness. 320 Minna st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CARI'E'- CLEANING. .
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets; 'G. H. STEVENS.' Mgr.,
'38 and 40 Eighth, st.; telephone South 250. _,=-*
WHEN ; you become disgusted with poor work
send to- SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating .Works, 353-57 Tehama st:; tel. So. 40. |
J.. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321. ■
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. .WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relaid at 3c. '
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT, - Eastern ■ Steam ' Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning, 3c. ', a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 128. '-■■;■ j
ATTORNEYS AT law.
ADVICE free : '■ divorce laws specialty ; private •
' no fee without success; \ collections, wills,
, probate., insolvency, deeds. . damages, mort- ;
gages, ; copartnership,-, bllls-of-sale. ; patents, !
trademarks, - etc. : established 10 years. G. W.-
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE ; ; free ; . ' no • = charge unless \ successful.'
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market su
BU&INE'SS CHANCES.
■K-TtFDO & CO.. Successful Brokers, 22% Geary.
Po§€»
sstlcoftee parlor and bread bakery; centraL
J *" Jral saloons and restaurants
>'&• ANDERSON it CO.'B, 777_Market st.
WANTED-Good Tenants for Market, EM- and
Powell st. stores; cheap. SPECK & <-v., turn
Market st. I '■
County-^hTbu'rines^L^high^^^bg
ssr^z a-nTwinvrf °A«£?
553fjfe
RARE chance, for cash, the most perfect and
well-known dressmaking , abl , '^ h s nl w "rthy"
this city; transaction absolutely tru stworthy,
must be disposed of at once. For particulars
address box 2CS3. Call office. -
REFINED lady, possessing valuable secrets
for the promotion and preservation of beauty,
would like to become associated with a iaay
expert in hairdresslng; small capital re-
quired. Address*A. F.. box 487, Call office.
GOOD-PAYING 2-chalr barber shop and cigar
stand Western Addition, for sale at once on
account of sickness; call between 1 and 2^30
o'clock at 729 C Clementina st. S. W. MAR-
SHALL. »
BRANCH bakery* candy and notion store;
doing good business; 5 nice living rooms; cheap
rent; owner leaving city. Apply 1663 Mission.
RESTAURANT and bakery; fine corner; doing
good business; owners leaving town; gooa
chance for man and wife. Box 2810. Call.
FOR — Corner saloon at a bargain; 5-year
lease; sold on account of sickness. Apply be-
tween 2 and 5 p. m. 11l Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar for sale cheap;
kept by the present owner a long time; no*
retiring. Box 2099, Call office.
YOUNG man wants lady with some means as
partner in established saloon business. Ad-
dress H., box 489, Call office. - .
$300— Nice little business near center of cityj
stationery, candy, notions; doing lair trade
Address H. C, box 2802. Calf Office:
GENTLEMAN with $500 wantes to get as part-
ner in some kind A business; referencefc
PARTNER. 2622. Call office. * .
GROCERY and bar; fine corner; established
. for years. 515 Market McLEOUD & HATZE.
FIRST-CLASS cigar-stand; proprietor leaving
city. L., box 20. this office.
FIRS3T-CLASS dining room and kitchen to l*t|
m best location In city. 1105 Hyde»st.
FOR sale— Bakery, candy and notion store. In«
quire at 1601 Mason St.
VERY cheap; fancy goods store, with 3 living-
rooms. 1417 Polk st.
COUNTRY call route for ; sale. Apply Call
office. ' -. .
CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
MAKE an offer: corner grocery and bar; must
be sold. Box 2800, Call office.
$400— CIGAR store, with 4 rooms In rear. 1511
Market st ! '
$200— PARTNER wanted In light business suit-
ed to steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a
week; no experience required; trial given.
72414 Market St.. room 17.
WANTED— man with $250 to $300; one of th«
best paying businesses In the city; investi-
. gate to-day. Box 2091, Call office.
FOR Sale or Exchange— Newspaper and Job
printing office; a big establishment; thor-
oughly equipped; cylinder press, gas engine,
etc. Address P. O. box 327, Los Gatos. Cal.
$150 INVESTED enables you to join enterprise
now yielding 150 per cent monthly; no stock
or Klondike scheme; safe, practical success.
David Sloane, 110 St. Paul st., Baltimore, Md.
«
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to in-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find It to
their interest to write for particulars ta
R. W. SWEET, Kirk wood, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale In very
best suburban town across the bay; located,
on corner of two of the most prominent
streets; practically without opposition in Its
. neighborhood: positively clearing $200 to $250
per month; owner there for over seven years ,
and offers his business at a great sacrifice on
account of departure north; no reasonable
, offer refused. . -M. LESS, 765 Market St.-
FOR Bale— established nursery; * nearly 1
acres of land, with green houses, heating
apparatus, etc.; choice stock of plants; good
business chance for the right man. Apply to •
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
GENTLEMAN having $5000 can have control at
business here In which there Is no competi-
tion; can easily" clear $15,000 the first year;
no stock to purchase. Address, for Inter-
view, box 2084, Call office. T
EXCHANGE— What have you to trade for stajf
tionery and variety business worth $800?
Rare chance. Box 2076, Call office.
WANTED— Partner saloon; open day and night
for 50 years. 650 Sacramento St., northeast
corner ' of Kearny.
STORE carrying crockery, hardware, tinware,
agateware, paints, oils, etc., for aale. 1831 .
Union st. •
FOR — Restaurant and chophouse; best
location; opposite the ferries. Call at IS
East st.
HOME bakery, notions; established 4 years j
good trade; 6 rooms; rent $15. 1913 Howard.
A . CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE ! ! ! -
THE NEW WALDO HOUSES.
765 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth. San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
partitions Included which cost over $2000:
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on Investment of $2000 for
1837 eighty (80) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved.
with even better prospects this year; for sal*
on accoount of failing health and old age.
. Address as above or inquire on premises.
RESTAURANT Men, Attention— of th«
oldest and best paying restaurants south of
Market st. ; right in center of large factories
and foundries; always full and clearing $130
per month; price $350; trial given; cause of
sale owner retiring from business. Box 2123.
Call office. i
COUNTRY blacksmith shop for sale, with all
necessary tools and stock; situated on Boul-
din Island, San Joaquln County. For further
information inquire of H. VOORMAN, 50«
Battery St., San Francisco, or at the prem-
ises on Bouldln Island.
FOR SALE— business :of the late John
Gross: the oldest established candy factory
and ice cream parlors in San Joaquin Coun-
ty Address 25 North Eldorado St., Stockton,
Cal. . ■ ■■■
CARPENTER shop; good location: cheap rent;
$75 to $100 Income per month: $75 worth of
stock; will sell for $75: owner having to leave
the city. Box 2121. Call office.
FOR sale, account of sickness, first-class sa-
loon; open for years; price very low. FER- }
RARI & CANEPA, 407 Montgomery aye., or
628 Vallejo st. ■
OLD-ESTABLISHED news 'and.- stationery
store and laundry office, doing good business;
I am going to Alaska; make offer. 1014 Fiftn.
$750— CORNER grocery in Oakland, Including
horse, wagon and fixtures; established trade.
Address Grocer, box 11, Call office. Oakland.
$300 — OLD-ESTABLISHED stationery. news
and cigar-store for sale at a sacrifice. Apply
Call branch. 621 McAllister st.
$300 WILL purchase the Nickel saloon, stock,
fittings and furniture. 130 Seventh St., near
the new Postofflce site.
FOR SALE chenr> — and fixtures In nov-
elty store. ■ 1417 Polk St.
$150— BRANCH ' bakery ' and notion store; -.re-
ceipts. $4 to $7 day; 3 living rs. 3012 Sixteenth.
SHOE; store; well-established custom trade.
Apply Call branch office. 339 Hayes st. "
$50— SALOON for. sale; cause, sickness. Apply -
316 Tehama St. ,
BARBER shop at sacrifice on account of sick-
ness. 454 Pacific st.
GOOD bakery with outside route; good • loca-
tion; parties going to country. Box 1«, Call
branch office, 106 Eleventh st. ■■'-.- - ' .
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
• Apply Albany Brewery. .-. .' . •:■:?,'■
FOR sale— of the best bakeries In the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st. .
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglst'd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city.
Pi iRTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or ».t 133 Third St., Portland, Oregon.
FIRST-CLASS 1-chalr barber shop: 2 living
rooms: 3 years' lease; building Insured. Ad-
dress HENRY BERDROW. Le Grand. Cal.
FINE store, cor. Oak ' and Franklin sts.. rent
$20: 2 fine basements, off Market St., suitable
for any business or. storage. Apply 15 Grant.
COFFEE and I tea I routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' B. 415 Sacramento st '
~ typewriters! ~~~
YOST, good order, $25; sampfe~wor_~
: SCOTT & BANNAN. j 333 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH. » 106— Branch office of The Call:
- subscriptions and want ads taken.
\_-v^;_;v-->' r PHYSICIANS.' ..::■. ;.,...-
DR. C. C. " O' DON NELL. office, and .residence,
1208 Market; diseases of women a specialty.CITY REAL, ESTATE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
" .'. „ REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
CORNER ON VAN NESS AVENUE.
581.000— Improvements of little value and lot j
•OxlO»:S.
, MANSION ON PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Sll.ooo— An elegant residence of 12 rooms, |
etc.; beautiful grounds; large lot. 37:10x127:8Vi;
most select part of Pacific Heights.,
GOOD INVESTMENT CORNER.
*9.-.00— Only 1 block from Market, Haight and |
» ale:icia sts.; 6 substantial flats; rents $1140 per i
annum; 37:CxS0; both streets accepted.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE INVESTMENT.
$3000— Rents $7SO per annum; two 2-story and i
basement houees of 7 rooms and bath each; I
brick foundation; stone sidewalks; opposite Jef- !
ferson Park.
HAVES STREET— GOOD LOCATION. j
$7500— sustantial fiats of 7 and 6 rooms
and bath each; stable on rear street; 25x120; 2 '
frontages; both strec-ta accepted. i
AX ELEGANT RESIDENCE * CHEAP. |
$<000 fine home: all modern improvements
and conveniences; Pine st. ; elite location.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE ON HAIGHT ST. !
$6750 — good snap: on account of foreclosure
of mortgage: an elegant Eaatlake mansion of
12 rooms and bath; all- modern improvements
opposite a park; 27x137:6.
TWO NICE MODERN FLATS.
$6500— Very cheap downtown Investment; !
Leavenworth st. ; 2 handsome flats of 7 and 6
rooms and bath each; rents $52 50 per month-
27:6x107:6.
CHOICE CORNER FOR RESIDENCE OR
FLATS AND STORE
$5000— Comer lot. 35x87:6: within 3 blocks of
Market st. : Western Addition; good location
for drugstore and 4 flats; a splendid invest-
ment could be made of this property.
CHOICE PANHANDLE LOT
$2400— st.; 25x100, with an L; close to
Park entrance.
POUTHSIDE— GOOD INVESTMENT.
$1500— Rents $336 per annum; house in 3 tene-
ments and lot; street accepted.
OCEAN VIEW.
$1000— Cozy bay-window cottage of 7 rooms
and bath: modern; brick well; 25x100; handy to
Guerrero-st. oars; house cost $2000 to build-
this is a snap.
_«. „ CHEAP MISSION LOT. •
$1000— Building lot 25x100; owner must sell: no
reasonable offer refused.
... MISSION BUILDING LOT CHEAP.
25x105; Sanchez st.
RICHMOND LOT.
$800-36:5x158; B st.
LOT VERY CHEAP.
$800— Lot 37:6x50; Folsom st. ; on line of elec-
tric road; this is a pick-up.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records." which contains a list of properties
for sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st
HOW MUCH RENT DO YOU PAY?
How long have you been paying it ?
And what have you to show for It?
$20— $30— $40 goes out the first of every month
and never a cent comes back. The landlord
prospers and his bank account swells. He finds
nouse-building and house-renting a very pay-
Ing business. Now, why shouldn't you do the
same?
Why shouldn't you be your own landlord?
Why not do as hundreds of other people have
done^ those happy, prosperous houpeholders
in the Heyman Tract have done? It's easy —
Just as easy as paying rent, anil a good deal
more profitable. You pay a certain sum each
month, and when your payments have amount-
ed to the value of the property it is yours.
While you are making these payments you can
imagine they are rents you are paying and
you'll find them the most profitable rents you
ever paid. You can see these elegant Heyman
Tract homes by taking the Misslon-st. cars,
transferring to Twenty-second L and riding
to Hoffman aye.. when. JAMES COTTER will
show you around. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
gomery st., will give you any Information you
may desire.
ONE block of fine level land; 1 block from
electric road; suitable for chicken ranch or
dairy; at a bargain: $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
26:6x100— CORNER Noe and 23d; fine business
corner; all street work done; easy payments.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery Bt.
$50 AND upward Building lots In all parts of
the city: close to car lines; $5 monthly. JA-
COB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$50 DOWN and $13 33 monthly will buy a new
4-room and bath cottage, just built, with
level lot; convenient to cars: good neighbor-
hood: 5 already sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery St.
tICO— LOTS in Sunset District on $5 monthly
"sj-meTT?^- ■ JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
gomery st."
McAFEE BROTHERS,
IDS Montgomery at., San Francisco, Cal.
A Splendid Investment — Business property,
Washington st., near Front; rented now for $60
per month; could be increased; price $6500.
Three-story tenement building containing 18
- rooms. In good location; could easily be made
to pay $30 per month; price $2000.
Near Park Panhandle— Modern flats; rented
for $60; price $6250.
? ; 000 — Fine modern residence with splendid
marine view: Octavia st, near Broadway; 10
rooms; lot 25x137:6.
Natoma st, near Sixth— house of 6
rooms; rented $34; lot 25x80; price $3000.
Fine Mission residence; 7 large rooms; lot
30x125; magnificent view; price only $6000.
SOME VERY CHEAP LOTS.
$5000— Vallejo. near Devlsadero; 34:4^x127:8;
marine view; a beautiful lot.
$2100— Washington, near Spruce; 30x100.
$3000 — Scott and McAllister sts.; cheap lots.
$2000— North Clay, near Spruce; 25x127.
$23^0— Green, near Scott; 27x127.
$1400— near Vlcksburg; 25x100.
$1100— NE. corner in Mission: 33x75; cheap.
$1500 — 55x114: 25th, near Castro.
$500— 22 d, near Church; 25x114.
— 14th, near Noe; 26x115.
WILL BUILD. WILL BUILD.
We will build to suit purchaser on any of
the above lots on very easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS CREDIT SALE.
Lots on Frederick and Clayton sts., 25x101, or
any size, $1000 and upward, i* cash, balance In
1, I and 3 years. This property, commanding,
as it does, an unobstructed view of the Golden
Gate and ocean, within 5 minutes' walk of San
Francisco's pleasure gardens, surrounded by 3
parks and passed by two car lines. Is in the
opinion of leading real estate experts the most
beautiful residence district in San Francisco.
Leading to the park there is a gentle slope,
which makes the drainage and view perfect
and the grounds dry and healthful. The price
Is lower by more than one-half the amount at
■Which it has been quoted. This property is now
placed in the market and must be sold; home-
seekers and even speculators cannot fail to be
attracted by the prices and terms. Modern
houses will be built to order if desired. A rep-
resentative will he on the grounds all day Sun-
day. These sightly lots are 2 blocks south of
Halght St.; the Halght-st. cars transfer to
Masonlc-ave. line, a branch of the Ellis st ; the
Elghteenth-st cars also pass the property.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
$4250— BUCHANAN, 414. near Oak; 9 rooms and
bath; lot 38-foot front.
$2550— 22 and 24 San Carlos aye., north from
Fichteenth- 2 flats; lot 253
$!oo£-75x140; west side of Laldley. 300 feet
north of Fairmount. block 21. Fairmount Tract.
$SOO-100xl25; north side Farallones st, 70 feet
west Id San Jose road. Ocean \ iew.
$450— 150x125; south Bide Montana St., 12.) feet
west of Plymouth. Ocean View, rear of school-
*s"o<h-5Ox12O: Twenty-fourth aye., between A
and B sts.. Richmond District
">-.x120- west side Twenty-fourth aye., be-
tween A and I* st*., Richmond District.
CHARLES C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
$S5O-Sixth aye., "west Bide, near Fulton st :
25x120- street work done. CHAKi-iiiifci c
FISHER. 824 Market st.
ROBERT J. MERCER & SON.
412 Pine st Near Montgomery St.
4iz fine si... BAKG AINS.
$3900— Just reduced: Natoma St., near Sixth;
2 houses; rents $38 per m n^Taylor; 2 modern
oear Taylor; 2 modern
flats of SeaS c a d d ced rooms and bath: sTneafsan-
Jl3So— Reduced from JHSO; 24th st., near San-
chez; street accepted; electric cars. -
'lass st.. near 21st. lot .'«" i ';
Randall and Whitney Rts. : 20x120.
,550 each-Lots. 2lßt aye.. near Clement st.
TO EXCHANGE. '
Modern flats worth $12,000 will exchange value
over mortgage for vacant lota. | ■ -
BUSINESS property for Bale or exchange. i
$13.500— NE. cor. Devisadero and Halght sts.,
Improved. _ _
»7000— Seventh st. near Howard. - .
$10,000— Devlsadero Bt.. bet. Fell and OaK. •
' ' M. B. LEVY, 11 Montgomery St.
INSTALLMENT HOUSES. . -.__«_, 4
The best-situated spot In the city ror
homes: right on a car line; corner Castro and
Twentieth sts.; only 4 out of 28 houses re-
maining unsold; 1 large C-room house, $3600,
highly decorated, street accepted: 1 S-rooiri
cottage, $2800; 1 6-room cottage. $2400, and 1
4-room cottage, $2250. F. NELSON, owner
and builder. . ■ " ■
BUSINESS property. $9000: store and 7 rooms;
nearly new; always rented for $65; lot Z7:6x
132. Apply at 3027 Sacramento St. ■ -. ■
FOR Bale cheap. Installments or cash— s-room ;
cottage and bath: owner on premises dally
1 to 5 p. m. 2670 21gt st. near Bryant
BUILDINGS erected at reasonable rates; plans
furnished. J. FLAHERTY. 1207 Market
NEW 6-room cottage: a beauty: easy rental
terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
CITY .'.EAL ESTATE. j
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents;
established 1S58; 626 Market st.
Several. business Investments, from $40,000 to
$60,000, in downtown property; call at office
for particulars.
Elegant residence, 7 rooms and bath;
lot 34:10x117; on west side Howard, near 24th.
.
$10, £00— Jackson st., near Devisadero; 2 mod-
ern houses; 9 rooms and bath: lot 44x137:6.
$5200— $540; Rausch St.. near 7th and
Howard; 25x112.
Must be sold; 2 fine flats on Hayes St., near
Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents |
very low; $55; price reduced from $9000 to $72oO:
make offer. *
3 flats, inside of Larkln. nr. Geary; new; lat-
est improvements; good-size lot: centrally lo-
cated; rents $110 per month, paying over 8
per cent net; a rare opportunity for a good '
investment; price $12,500.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 room» and
bath; lot 23x137:CL
$2700— Church st., near Twenty-first; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 26x120.
$2000— House and large stable; Twenty-fifth
St.. near Douglass; lot 60x114.
$3500— Rents $36 per month; Clementina it.,
near Third; lot 25x80.
$2500— Shipley st., near 4th; large house; lot
25x75.
$2000— Post st, near Baker; cottage and lot; ■
27:6x137:6. .
We have a large list of cottages at less than
cost that must be sold for benefit of loan asso-
ciations; call at office for permit to Inspect.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Halght and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market: 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent
$7500— 16 th, bet. Sanchez and Noe; 60x103:6.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust sts.;
37:6x107:7. _ _
Residence; corner lot: NE cor. of Bush ana
Lynn sts.: 23x100: price $3000: make offer.
Near corner . Leavenworth and Sacramento;
37:6x78:11; elegant location for fiats; $2500.
$3000— Corner Lombard and Octavia; 46:6x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce: 27:6x127:8.
$2000— 25 th St., west of Diamond; Soxll4.
ji7.ro_x- n on , ne ar Webster; 23x100.
$1250— Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
$I(loo— Fourth aye., near Point Lobos; 25x120.
$900— California st, near Twelfth aye.; 25x100.
$300 — 2 lots on B st, near 35th aye.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
Al Horiger. Louis A. Souc.
L. A. SOUC & CO.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE
BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
405 and 467 Valencia st., near Sixteenth.
As we make a specialty of Mission property
and are right On the spot we can save you time
and money by calling on us at once.
$12.000 — 7oxl05; cor. Guerrero and 20th sts.;
elegant bay-window house of 8 rooms; bath;
Baloon parlors; large grounds and stable;
warm belt.
$E000— 65x90 : cor. Duncan and Dolores sts.:
modern building; store, 4 rooms; upper flat. 7
rooms, bath and laundry; coal yard and sta-
ble; cottage of 4 rooms; worth $10,000; see
this and make an offer.
$3000—25x100; California aye., near Mission:
just completed; modern Eastlake cottage of 7
rooms, bath; open plumbing; all the latest Im-
provements; large basement; terms made to
suit purchaser.
$6250— 2<sx]oo; Valencia, near 19th: best block
In the Mission; store and house, 8 rooms and
bath.
jjOOO— CT>xIOS: Guerrero st: modern home;
bay-window house; 8 rooms; bath: Al order.
$5500— 25x100 : Mission, near 21st st.: cheap;
store. 2 rooms; 2 flats, 5 rooms, bath each.
$S500— 50x100; Just the place for fine Bores and
flat-.
$6300—60x115: 17th Bt. near Guerrero; house
8 rooms, bath, driveway and stable.
$3250— 23x50: San Carlos aye., near 21st; 2
flats. 5 rooms and bath each.
$1350—25x114; 2Sth Ft., near Dolores: cheap
home: cottage 4 rooms; large basement.
$2150—25x114; 27th st, near Sanchez; modern
bay-window cottage; 5 rooms, bath.
$2650—23x73; San Carlos aye.. near 19th; 2-
story house, 6 rooms, bath.
$550— 25x114; 20th St., near Church.
- $500— 25x114; Jersey Ft., near 24th.
$630—23x100; Sanchez Bt., near 18th.
$450—25x100: Rhode Island, near 23d.
$1000—25x114: 27th. near Guerrero.
$1000—25x114: 23d, near Sanchez.
L. A. SOUC & CO.. 465-467 Valencia st.
YON RHEIN & CO., Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers,
636 Market st.
IMPROVED.
$40,000— and Page; 65x120 to Rose aye.
$10,500 C0r. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
$15,000— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x120 to Lin-
den aye
Golden Gate aye.. nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
2 flats, 13 rooms; rent $57. ■ X:.' : : ■
Broadway, nr. Kearny: 20x77:6.
$fsfl«— Pacific, nr. Polk; 25x100.
$5500— Cor. Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
$50000— Howard, nr. 30th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$5000— nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage; 6
rooms and bath.
$4200— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
-Mason, nr. Green; 30x69; 3-story house;
11 rooms and bath.
$2200— aye., nr. Point Lobos; cottage.
$2000— 24 th st., nr. Noe; 25:11x114; cottage: 5
rooms and bath.
$1400 — Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60; Improved.
$5000— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x84:6.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable.
$1500— Salmon, nr. Pacific and Mason; 20x60;
rent $20.
UNIMPROVED.
$6000— Union, nr. Webster; 87:6x77:6.
$4500— Scott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
25x120; Boye and Rose aye.; 3 lots.
25x85; 13th. nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
$2500 — Oak. nr. Devisadero; 23x92.
Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
$-Sso— Lot in block B, Park Lane Tract
$600— Plymouth, nr. Montana; 50x100.
22:11x90; Lombard, nr. Pierce; 5 lots.
23x137:6; Pierce, nr. Lombard; 2 lots.
Ashbury and ISth; 3 lots, 25x95 each.
$500— Eighth aye., nr. L St., S. S. F. ; 120x100.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine ut., opp.
the Nevada Bank building.
$128,000— A fine piece of Market-st. property;
25x125, with a 3-story house.
— Only $2000 cash wanted; balance on
mortgage; an excellent corner for a grocery;
, on Golden Gate aye. ; 50x100.
$4000— Only $1000 cash wanted: balance on
j mortgage at low interest; Folsom st., near
j 11th; house 2-story, 8 rooms and bath; lot 2Sx
| 100 to street in rear, with stable.
$4250, reduced from $5000— A strictly modern
I built cottage of 6 elegant rooms, bath, etc.;
; fronting Panhandle Park; only 4 years built;
■ building alone cost over $1000; lot 25x137:6.
$14,000— Three 2-story . and basement bay-
I window houses, 7 rooms and bath each; on
'■ Haight St., near Flllmore; lot 55x137:6.
$700 each— lots, 33:4x100 each, near Twenty-
I fourth St.. Potrero.
$1600— Only $1000 cash wanted, balance on
mortgage can remain: lot on Seventeenth st.,
' near Folsom, 24x100, improved; a snap.
$2700— Renting at $28; two 2-story houses, near
i Pacific and Taylor ets.; always rented.
$8230— Renting at $65; two 2-story stylish, high
: basement houses; 8 rooms and bath each; lot
| 33x96H; in prominent part of the Western Addi-
; tion; a snap.
$16,000— Renting at $160; a nearly new 3^-story
modern built apartment house of 42 rooms; 8
baths and other modern conveniences: lot 44
x 87:6: a splendid Investment.
- Only 2 left of 2-Btory and basement double
'■ flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; near Sixth and
I Bryant sts.; renting at $25; for sale at $2400
each; the biggest bargain out.
$15,500— Fine McAlllster-st. property; rent
$130; 2 stores below; 2 flats upstairs and large
! lot; best business portion of the street.
At a reduction to $5950 from $6500, rent $60.
4 flats of 4 and 6 rooms; lot 28x125 feet to rear
street; on Geary st., near Devisadero.
At a reduction to $6150: rent $47; a business
property; fine 3-Btory house on Geary St.,
one block from Flllmore; store and ro^ tis be-
j low and two separate flats upstairs; paying
i over 9 per cent
$25,600 will buy an elegant ■ business corner,
paying good rent, and is sure to Improve to
$50,000.
Cottage on the Potrero and lot 25x100;
I on installments very cheap.
UNIMPROVED.
$550— Noe St., near Thirtieth, 30x112.
$3100— Fine corner lot on Fillmore.
$800— Noe St., near Thirtieth: lot 36:6x75.
GILT-EDGED INVESTMENT.
BUSINESS CORNERS.
Prominent real estate business corner; large
lot, 87:6x80; price $45,000; rent $300; full particu-
lars at office; extra fine.
Prominent Geary-st. business corner; large
lot. 65x137:6; price $30,000; rents $213; full par-
ticulars at office; very choice.
Prominent Fulton-st. business corner; large
lot. 50x75; price $24,000; rents $176; full particu-
lars at office; don't miss this.
Prominent Hyde-st. business corner; large
lot, 41:«x60; price $13,000; rents $90; full partlcu-
Prominent corner close to Market. Valencia
and Mission Bts.: large lot. 37:6x80; rents $97;
must be sold; offer wanted; full particulars at
office; will pay over 12 per cent.
Prominent Valencia-Bt business property;
large lot, 50x110; rent $130; offer wanted; must
be sold; full particulars at office; a great, sac-
rifice.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
628 Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel.
NEW/ 6-room cottage; . Mission cars; rental
terms; outside lot accepted in part payment.
413 Kearny. - ■' ,- •■ ■•- -■■ ■ ; - .-■■''■■■ ■-■
MISSION-ST. lot: graded, sewered: ready to
build; easy terms; will accept outside prop-
, erty in part payment 413 Kearny st.
$2150— BARGRAIN ; new ! cottage. 5 rooms and
bath; small cash, balance easy terms. 041
Elizabeth st., 80 feet east of Castro. .
FOR SALE— Cheap, on easy terms, a new s-
room cottage and . bath, at 3252 Folsom st. ;
owner on preml*«« from 10 to 4 p. in. Sunday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
CITY Hi: .1, ESTATE. '
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
MONEY TO LOAN.
22 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$8000— Guerrero St.. west side, near 21st: Nob
Hill: handsome residence of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 34x117:6 to rear street.
$25.000— Heights residence; 14 rooms,
finished in, hard wood: 2 baths.- electric lights,
open plumbing, etc.: magnificent marine view.
$4750— Tw0 new flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
porcelain tubs, electric lighting, finished base-
ment; rents $45; Cole st., near Waller.
$3400— Two nice flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath-;
Central aye., near McAllister St.: reduced from
$4600.
$3500— Beautiful lot. north line of Fell St..
near Ashbury: 25x137:6.
$6000— Pays 10 per cent net: Devisadero-st.
business property; 26:6x137:6; best block on the
street; $3500 mortgage can remain; good im- .
provements and street accepted.
LOOK AT THIS.
Beautiful home on Van Ness aye., near
Broadway: 27x120. with stylish modern house
of 11 rooms and bath; $S5OO.
HOWARD-STREET FLATS. :
$7500— Three fine flats of 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $S7O per annum; Howard st., near
15th; Bunny side of street.
$20.000— of Market. 2 blocks from Bald- |
win Hotel; 34:4x137:6; choice business property.
$15,000— new flats; rents $120 per month;
corner of Fell, opposite Panhandle; 81:3x137:6.
$11,000— $136 per month: pays over 12
per cent: 8 nice flats, 6 and 6 rooms and bath
each; sunny side of street; choice location; cars
pass the property.
Block, south of the Park.
$6000— McAllister St., near Fillmore: nice 2-
story bay-window house of 7 rooms and bath;
all modern improvements; lot 25x137:6; $3500
mortgage can remain at 61.6 1 . per cent.
$5000— Mission St., near 18th; 2-story house of
6 rooms and bath and lot 23x122:6; good busi-
ness property.
HOLD ON A MINUTE.
SOMETHING FOR YOU.
North line of Howard St., bet. 8d and 4th;
lot 40xS0; double brick in front, frame house
in rear; rent $60 net: price $9500; can be
changed to business property at small outlay.
Broderick st.. near Grove; fine house of
8 rooms and all modern improvements; street
bltumlnized.
$SOOO— Geary-st. business corner; 27:9x137:6;
centrally located.
$27.000— Corner California and Hyde: 77:6x80;
transfer corner; choice business property.
$12,500— Rents $137 per month; inside cor-
ner with fine Improvements, stores and flats;
always rented; pays over 12 per cent.
■ Howard St.. near 15th: 30x114; 2 flats,
6 rooms each; lot alone worth the money.
$4500 Geary St.. near Scott; good 2-story bay-
window house of 7 rooms and bath; street ac-
cepted; cable cars; opposite park.
$2SO0 — Beautiful nearly new cottage 'of €
rooms and bath; lot 25x100, on the north side
of Clement st., near Ist aye; $400 cash; balance
same as rent.
$7000— Corner Clay and Baker: 80x110: East-
lake house of 7 rooms and bath; streets all ac-
cepted; 2 lines of cars.
E. W. HAWKINS. Dealer in Real Estate,
Mortgages, Loans and Insurance,
11 MONTGOMERY ST. (Lick House Block).
• $4500 — Northeast corner of Paclflo and Jones
sts.; good business location; 2 houses, 6 rooms
and bath each; size, 45x60.
$4400— Steiner st., nr. Sacramento; 2-story. 7
rooms and bath; must be sold; size, 25x93.
$3250— McAllister st., nr. Devisadero: 2 flats,
6 and 7 rooms and bath; street accepted; ce-
ment sidewalk; size, 25x137:6.
$11.000— block; D st., north line Golden
Gate Park; 240x600.
$4500 — Grove Ft., east of Flllmore; only va-
I cant lot In the block; 3 modern flats will pay
big interest; size 37:6x110.
1 $1900 — Mason and Clay sts.; cozy cot-
tage, 5 rooms and bath; high basement; brick
I foundation; nearly new.
$5000— Eddy st., nr. Scott: 2 flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath; size, 25x137:6.
Apply to E. W. HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery.
$SOO— FOR sale — Great bargain; improved lot in
warm belt of Mission: half cash: balance on
time. Address box 2513, Call office.
6OL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR.
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mlsslon-st. electric cars: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS'. ~~
$400, 1460 to $850; graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ ft BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS!
$400. $450 to $800; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $25 down: $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage In
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
~___~
C. C BEMIS,
' REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
! seventh sts. ; close to electric road.
$5000— G«od corner for store; must be sold;
j lot 52:4x60 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson- St., overlook-
. ing- the Presidio and bay.
60-vara on Page st. ; panhandle or park.
Choice building lots north of park.
• Barg-a ln— Southwest cor. Fifth aye. and C
[ St.; 109xSfi feet.
I BARGAIN— new 2-story 6-room cot-
tage; very sunny: fine view; 1114 Green Bt. ;
easy' terms. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
BIG bargain— modern Western Addition flats.
$15,000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postofflce box 2495.
1 CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 614 per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
i LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, .1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
I ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse in storage: life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc.; low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market et; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; 525 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell Bt.
'• GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at -1
Fourth St., upstairs; ■ strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 32S Montgomery St.
j ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
■ bate, etc.- ' Room 7. 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
I any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. , MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, ; furniture; Bno removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private.' 116 McAllister st.
! SIXTH. 10— Most ; reliable place -to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry. .
| 339 HAVES ST. —Branch office of *he Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real .'. estate, bonds, etc. : lowest
rates. MCAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
rAWXBKOKEKS.
: SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
„ LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason Ft.; private rooms.
~ MONEY WASTED.
$1000— Wanted In" manufacturing business ; ; 5000
shares of stock; security. .1300 Broadway,
Oakland. •
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, _,_
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$4230— A fine new residence of 8 rooms and
bath, just completed; all modern improvements;
latest plumbing: lot 25x100: In select neighbor- ;
hood, Park Panhandle district; 117 Beulah St.. ;
near Shrader. ___
$3900— A bargain; 2 flats, rented for $35, con- j
tain 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; 2 frontages;
Filbert St., near Jones.
$7000— Rents $510 per annum; new, handsome
flats on best portion of Hayes St.; short walk
from Market; large lot
$11,500— Jones St., near Geary; 3 flats of 6, 6 j
and 6 rooms; rent $SO.
$12 000— Bush St.. near Learenworth; lot 27:6 x !
125- 2-story house, containing 15 rooms and ,
bath; rent $100 per month.
$4SOO— wanted; rent $47; Pine St., near '
Franklin: 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; also cottage on rear street; lot has 2
frontages.
$3000— Tehama st., near Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing 8 rooms; also 2-story house
of S rooms in rear; rent $35; lot 26x75.
$12 000— Must be sold ; Pacific Heights resi-
dence of 9 rooms, bath, etc.; extra large lot. '■
38x127:5U: plenty of sunshine: select neighbor-
hood; Jackson st, near Alta Plaza. _T; r
Eighth Bt, near Howard; 3-story build-
ing containing store and 2 flats above of 5 and
6 rooms and bath each; also rear house con-
taining 2 flats of 4 rooms each; rent $62 50:
lar^e lot. ____ k
$2600— Make an offer; foreclosure gale; great
bargain: Clement st. near Fourth aye.; mod-
ern cottage of 5 rooms and bath, on gunny
side of street; lot 25x100; terms to suit.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
BETTER THAN BONDS.
Bonds and interest-bearing securities are now
at a higher price than they have been for
years City real estate prices are now at the !
lowest notch In years. Which is the better In-
vestment? Which pays the best? Real estate. ;
Just look over these tew investment properties; i
they are as good. if not better, than anything
you can find:
$3750— Rent $63 50: all rented: we collect the
rents and know that they are accurate; good t
improvements; large lot: not far from the cor- ;
ncr of California and Mason sts.; call at once i
for particulars.
$7000— Rent $SlO per annum; new, handsome !
flats on best portion of Hayes st, short walk
from Market; large lot. «
$7250— Rent $750 per annum, which Is a very
low rental- 2 handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms, etc.; Gutter St.. sunny side, not far ,
from Buchanan St.; a splendid opportunity for ;
some one.
— McAllister st. near Franklin. 3-story
building, containing stores and flats above;
rents $105; extra large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
DO YOU WANT , /'
A Fruit, Grain or Grazing Ranch?
Select one from the Bank of Woodland. Lands
offered at less than foreclosure prices
IN CAPAY VALLEY,
The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
30 miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
SS',_ acres near Winters $17 50 per acre
2030 acres near Esparto $20 00 per acre
163% acres near.Tancred $20 00 per acre
10.'> acres near Winters $22 DO per acre
131 acres near Madison $30 00 per acre
320 acres near Winters $30 00 per acre
16154 acres near Capay $40 00 per acre
•>• ALSO
12S0 acres near Swingles $ 2 25 per acre
480 acres near MerrlttS $16 60 per acre ;
240 acres near Dunnigan $11 00 per acre
—ALSO
1105 acres near Will $27 50 per acre
800 acres near Anderson, Sacra-
mento River bottom.... $16 60 per acre
GRAZING - LAND.
E29?% acres flanking Capay Valley. 00 per acre ;
432* acres flanking Capay Valley. s2 75 per acre I
S76S acres adjoining Capay Val.s2 2."> per acre j
2800 acres adjoining Capay Val.s3 60 per acre ;
7920 acres near Red Bluff.. $2 00 per acre j
McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco. Cal.
RUSSIAN River Valley lands; near Healds- !
burg, Sonoma County; 10 acres in vines and
orchard; fine well and windmill; S-room cot-
tage: 7 acres adjoining. partly In vines; cheap;
McAFEE BROS., luS Montgomery St., S. F.
PASTURE LANDS!
For Sale or Rent!
Reclaimed and --claimed marsh lands;
rent 100 an acre and upward; for sale $2 an
acre and upward. M A FEE BROS., 108 Mont-
gomery St., S. 1". .-■;, •- -.. i
600 ACRES»near Concord; 25 acres bearing or- .
chard,' 10 acres vines, 300 acres grain: fine i
improvements; only $16,000. McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery st, S. F.
IMPROVED fruit and stock ranch near Grass
Valley, Nevada County. In mining district;
220 acres; only $5000. McAFEE BROS., 108
Montgomery st., S. F.
A- SWEENY RANCH.
NR. REDWOOD CITY, SAN MATEO CO.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of :
the late Miles D. Sweeny in tracts of 100 acres j
or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and vegeta-
bles; plenty of water; this property immedi-
ately adjoins Redwood City, and is only one
hour's ride from San Francisco; suitable for
Email home farms; prices below all former
quotations and upon unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address .
EASTON. ELDHIDGE <* CO.,
638 Market st. San Francisco,
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
A— MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to 'raising deciduous fruits j
and vegetables; we have a few choice subdivi-
sions of 10 to 20 acres each in the Newhall &
Wise tract which we offer at extremely low
prices and on very easy terms; small cash pay- j
ment, balance monthly; one and a half miles
from Mountain View station. Apply for full
particulars to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st, San Francisco,
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON.
West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
A FINE property and bargain; £0 acres highly
cultivated dark valley loam; fenced: 20 acres
bearing orchard; finely shaded resilience,
barn, etc.; abundance of water; price $3500; 3
miles by sprinkled county road from Napa.
Also finely improved 16-acre place, with
stocks, tools, etc., adjoining above for $1650.
N. D. SICKLES, the Land Agent.
14 A Geary st, near Chronicle building, city.
FOR SALE— Cheap; 22Va acres 3 miles from
town; good house, barn; 2 fine springs; water
piped over the place; cows, poultry, horse,
phaeton, hogs; all In crop; price, including
everything, $3500. . Address owner, J. W. L.,
El Verano, Sonoma County. Cal.
$5 DOWN, $5 monthly, no interest, no taxes,
for fine 10-acre tracts of fruit land near Au-
burn, Placer County; over 750 acres sold.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
TO RENT or exchange for city residence for
summer, an elegant -untry home; furnished;
horses; carriages; cow; fruit orchard: stream
• of water; 5 minutes from depot Address H.,
box 6, Call Office. ■ ■ ■ .
$4000— LOT 50x100; house 8 rooms and bath:
2 blocks from cars: in Palo Alto; $600 cash.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON. 1709 Market.
SANTA Clara Valley— acres prunes and
grapes; income last year $3032; must be Bold;
easy terms. J. T. DUNN. 1008 Call building.
10-ACRE home near San Francisco; a sacrifice.
W. B. EASTIN. 916 Market st., room 69.
FOR SALE— In Colma. San Mateo County, 5 i
acres of land for cemetery: convenient to the i
. Southern Pacific and S. F. & S. M. electric j
cars. Address J. C. Station L.. city.
FOR Sale— ls2 acres clear land, with stock, !
crop and Implements: near school and depot; i
■ • will take In part San Francisco Improved
property; no agents. Inquire 330& Sixth st,
from a to 3. .
RARE Chance— acres, Anthony division.
Brasford Park: 1 mile below San Mateo. In-
quire UMBSEN & CO., Montgomery, near
Market. ■ - ' . ■
A RARE chance for Investment; near-by prop-
erty—For sale, IUO acres valuable land in the
favored locality * of ■ San Lorenzo; Alameda
County; superior vegetable land, producing
on an average about 150 sacks per acre per
annum of first-class potatoes, selling at from
75 to 100 per cent more than most potatoes
sold In San Francisco: the soil is deep, rich
alluvial, possessed of the qualities required to
produce first quality potatoes, of which there
is so little land convenient to San Francisco;
the regular price per sack has. been for years
$1 on the ground, and often higher. Now the
owner is delivering at the wharf, San Fran-
_ Cisco, at $1 10 per 100 pounds. There can be
no drought or flood by reasons apparent on
visiting the property; located close to railroad
and water shipment.' This land . will also
grow sugar beets in great yield, the railroad
tracks running- into the Alvarado sugar
works. This land Is on the market to be sold
and will be. It only remains to be seen who
• will be the fortunate purchaser. For price,
terms and location call on ALBERT E.
CRANE, .410 Montgomery st. . ' .
COUNTRY home to let In Santa Clara County,
bet. Stanford University and Mountain View,
within 1 mile of Mayfleld: house of 7 rooms
and 2 cottages of 4 rooms; garden, orchard,
etc. ; will rent low for 1 or 3 years to suitable
tenant. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real
Estate Agents, 630 Market st , ; ,
FOR sale, exchange or rent— 4-room cot-
tage; bath; stable; lot 50x140: 45 minutes from
city. Apply Grocery. 126 Guerrero st. : >
FOR — 135 acres : fine virgin - redwood and
- pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
S Elk.'Mendoclno Count'- consisting of the NE.
Hof BW. of Sec. 31. township 14 N.. range
'15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS. Navarro. Cal.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cotton wood, Shasta Co., CaL
COI \TRY REAL Continued
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
__ 14 Montgomery st.
$2500 — acres near Sebastopol, Sonoma
County; about 15 acres in vineyard; 4 acres In
orchard; good improvements: some tools; '
about 2000 gallons of wine, and cooperage; a !
great bargain.
$2500—212 acres; % of a mile from El Do- I
rado; SO acres in grain, balance In rolling I
pasture land with plenty of wood on It: good ]
dwelling, barns and other outbuildings: fam-
ily orchard of 200 trees, with horses, car-
riages, harness, stock and tools and household
furniture. Photographs at office.
$11 per acre— acres near Sheridan, Yuba
County: 1500 acres train land ; 1000 acres in
summer fallow wheat; 100 acres In barley;
rest pasture land, well wooded and watered; 2
houses, barns, wagon shed, family orchard;
will guarantee $3400 Income this year; sold on '
easy terms.
For rent — acres on Russian River, near
Uklah: good improvements; plenty of wood j
and water; good stock ranch; rent to Novem- |
ber 1. $300. .-:-.:
i For rent from May 1—44001 — 4400 acres on Cotton- i
1 wood Creek, Tehama County: all fenced, with
good buildings and Improvements: 25 head of )
horses and farming tools, with free use of
fine summer range In Trinity County; rent
$1000 cash per annum; would exchange.
Call or send for new circular. '
FOR SALE— Mendoclno grazing land; tim-
ber mostly tan oak; $2 per acre and up-
ward. Box 2240, Call Office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
~~~™~~ ~ WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
801 BROADWAY. CORNER EIGHTH ST.,
■ OAKLAND.
zz
$7500— Fine modern house and grounds; beau-
tifully improved; in the heart of the city; house
contains 8 rooms and bath and modern Im- |
provements; tot 100 feet front; owner will take
part of purchase price in unimproved build- '■
Ing lots; for sale on account ot non-residence
of. owner.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth St., Oakland.
$15,00»— Beautiful residence; Lake Merritt
Park; corner lot 80x100; house contains 10 rooms |
and bath; country property considered In part ■
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth St., Oakland.
$2500— Fine modern cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, on Hobart St.. near Telegraph aye.: cost ;
1 owner over $3500; very desirable neighborhood; ;
: small cash payment; balance monthly or an- ■
nual Installments. '
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth St.. Oakland.
Beautiful residence on Madison St.;
corner lot 120x130; cost over $25,000; grounds
highly improved; choice flowers and shrubs;
the best buy In Oakland.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth St., Oakland.
SANTA CLARA County; 15 acres near Los
Gatos; 5 acres bearing orchard; 6- room house;
only $2250; only $1000 cash wanted. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
LOOK— Hay wards; 7 acres; house and barn;
stream water; $900. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. :\ /- : -'-'-.; '.
152 ACRES; Santa Clara County, 7 miles from
Los Gatos; 26 acres in fruit; to trade. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
10 ACRES; Sunol; very cheap; 7-room house
and barn; all In orchard. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
$275— BUILDING lot. 30x60 feet; small, but
central; desirable. in good location and near
local station. '■ '- '-■>■•■'.
$350— Lot 60x100 feet In North Oakland; sunny \
frontage; close to Telegraph-aye. line; a bar-
gain. •"• . ' ";■' '• *'*■■' '-/-■
$1450— House of 10 rooms; arranged in 2 flats; ;
I fronts on main street; sunny and desirable; i
i terms to suit buyer; walking distance of trains. ;
$2750— Fine new 8-room house; Just completed; I
has never been occupied; sheltered location j
near Lake Merritt; high ground and large lot;
street work all done. For further particulars
apply to HUGH M. CAMERON, Real Estate
Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
BARGAIN— cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
high basement; large lot; location. West St., I
near Seventeenth, the best in Oakland; only \
a few minutes' walk to broad and narrow
gauge locals and near City Hall and churches;
price $2000 if taken soon. A. J. SAMUEL &
CO.. 468 Ninth St., Oakland.
A SNAP of snaps— $3500; must be sold; $100
cash, $40 per month; fine new 8-room house;
all modern conveniences; fine lot. 40x125;
street work complete; fine view and con-
I venient to cars and Oakland business center.
C. P. KERN, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
$700— COMFORTABLE cottage; 6-foot base-
ment:; city water; choice lot 50x100; near j
Telegraph-ave'. electric-cars; $300 can stand at
8 per cent. Address J.. box 6. Call. Oakland.
I FOUR special bargains In new houses Just
completed, ranging in price from $1800 to
$4000; they are ideal homes, with the latest
! design and Improvements; near local stations,
' car lines, schools, etc.; must be sold at once;
be sure and examine these properties be-
fore purchasing; photographs and special de-
i scriptions as to location will be mailed free
of charge. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
$5 PER month rent for a nice chicken ranch,
or will sell it at a bargain; payments as rent. ;
$75 for a fine lot: $5 cash. $5 monthly; build
your own home, or we will build it for you; j
payments as rent. .
$125 for a nice lot and barn: $10. $5 monthly;
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 3 electric
' car lines and fine school near: streets all
graded, some macadamized: soil, climate and
i view the best. Call or send for circular, 459
Ninth St., bet. Washington and Broadway,
' Oakland. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
$430 WILL build a new 3-room cottage, with
lot 60x125. in the Alvin Tract, fronting Elm-
hurst Station; local trains and electric cars;
$25 down. $5 monthly. JACOB HE AN, 11
Montgomery st.
BIG lot close to ' Frultvale station; cheap,
cheap; easy terms; also small homes: D.
Pratt. Fruitvale station. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY. ;
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of Th» Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken. •
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
UPPER flat, three large, sunny rooms for
housekeeping; central; very desirable. 615
Fifteenth st. __^_
OAKLAND FURNITURE FORJrALE^
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. • SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700, $1800. $2200. $2600. $3000. .
I The above are lovely cottages, which have
j been thrown on •• - market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4 P 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
| almost new, and located near schools and sta-
We are going to weed them out and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station. Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco, Open Sundays and holidays.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TO lease for a term of years In East Berke-
ley to a responsible party of adults, a lovely-
home of 9 rooms; handsomely decorated; sta-
tionary range: porcelain bath: electric lights;
large lawn; fruit and flowers; stone walks;
all modern Improvements; will be rented
very low to responsible parties. Apply 1901
Louisa st., East Berkeley. -:/■
RARE chance in the University town; best
northeast corner on Bancroft way; lot 78x120;
elegant 8-room cottage home, nearly new;
hand frescoed; electric lights; porcelain bath;
everything flrst-class; yard set with choice
plants; nice assortment of fruit trees and
berries. Owner leaving town. Call or ad-
dress M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth St. and
Broadway, Wurtz block. Oakland.
TWO fine new and . modern 7 and 8 room
houses in best part of Berkeley; fine view
and convenient to train and University; street
work being done: these. : houses are worth
$4000 each, but for immediate ■ sale : will |be
sacrificed for $3250 each on very easy terms.
See owner at 1427 Spruce St.. Berkeley, or C.
P. KERN,' 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
A BIG bargain— 2 acres, with small house,
only four - blocks from North Berkeley, sta-
tion; fine, sightly place: $650 per acre; must
be sold. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St..
. ! Berkeley. , : - . ■ ...'■■"'■
WORKINGMEN, attention— New house of 4
rooms at Golden Gate: lot 50x140; price $800:
i terms to suit. Call or address M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth st. and Broadway, Wurts block,
• Oakland. . ' -
THE biggest ' bargain of the year: house : of ■ 5
rooms; lot 123x103. near, the hills: beautiful
view will sell for $1500 cash to make a quick
sale. JOSEPH J. MASON. . Real Estate.
Berkeley Station. ■
$1750— FOR — Near the university; house of
7 rooms; ■ fine lot; street work 1 all done; a
; thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON, real
estate, Berkeley Station. -, . . > ,
A WEEK'S 7 news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. ;'-.- —
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1:5 each; 4 choice lots; size 25x125; all fenced;
fine location; must be sold: coat owner $950.
. Id. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale start
THIS is a bargain; cozy Day -wind jw cot- ;
tage of 4 rooms: hard finished; r.oyi <.v«!l and
force pump; lot _xlO6; fenced. H. A. PLEIT- |
KER, Frultvale station.
fGCC— HOUSE of 4 rooms and bMMtent; fruit
. trees; lot 35x115; only % block from Frulivale
aye.; $50 cash; balance $10 per month. H.
A. PLEITNER. Frultvale station. !
$SSO— HOUSE of 5 rooms: goo.l woil: forco
pump: barn; 2 chicken-houses; fruit trees;
shrubbery; hothouse; lot 75x103; all fenced.
$l€so— Cottage of 5 rooms and 2 looms in :
basement; stable, chlcken-housa. fruit trees; :
corner lot, 150x125: all fenced; city water and
sewerage complete. H. A. I'LEITNEK,
Fruitvale station. . j
$1750— STORY and half cottage: 6 rooms: porce- :
lain bath;, sanitary plumbing; very latest |
style of architecture; lot 35x115. H. \.
I LEITNER. Frultvale station. |
$1? 00— MODERN cottage of 5 rooms and bath; i
fine mantel; 7-foot basement; chicken-houses;
lot 75x145; only block from Fruitvuie aye.
H. A. FLElTNER.^Fruitvale_statlon. Cal.
.- CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladles 50c.
gents H; palm, and clalrv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwh.
lOCS. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 23c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth St. '
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123% Sixth St.. room 14. v. i
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room j
2: mind-reader and palmist. .
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120^4 Geary st.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921* Mission; German spoken.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag- ■
netic healing. 122 Post St., room 10. !
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions: L.. 25c; G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business !
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro- i
fesslon; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post.
MME. SVAENSON, only reliable card reader
and fortune teller: 23c. .41 Geary st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. ELLlS.~medium. 233 Valencia; sittings, ;
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m.;'2sc.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me- !
dlum. 118 Height st. j
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton st. I
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Uut I
Want ads and subscriptions taken. '
.^,~~~~. --. HYPNOTISM '
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera- j
peutics; private instruction. 911 Van Ness :
aye. L, F. TURMAN. Secretary. :
~ PAL.MSTHY.
PROF. BAZANI, palmist, has removed from ,
307 Jones to :'C Ellis. ;
_ STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos, i
household goods; clean, light compartments; '
advances made.  J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1021
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad- '
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
______—-
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for School Books — Office of the i
Board of Education, City Hall, San Fran- i
Cisco. March 12, 1898.
In accordance with resolutions adopted by the
Board of Education, and in compliance with :
the law, sealed proposals will be received in
open session of the Board of Education, City i
Hall, on WEDNESDAY, May 11, IS9B. from 3
to 3:30 o'clock p. m., for supplying the pupils
in the public schools of this city and county
with suitable school text books in the follow-
ing-named branches: Drawing, Music. Busi-
ness Forms, Elementary French and German, ;
Bookkeeping and Supplementary Reading.
It is proposed to change or readopt text books
on the foregoing subjects.
All bids must be for four years; must state |
the book or books offered, and must be accom- j
panied by a sample of each book offered.
Bidders must give the wholesale price to deal- I
ers of each book, and also the retail price of i
each book in San Francisco.
Bidders are required to state on what terms,
In the event of their bids being accepted, ' they j
will substitute such books for those now in use
by pupils.
Successful bidders must sign a contract and
file a good and sufficient bond in such amount
as may be designated by the Board of Educa-
tion.
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids, or any portion of any bid, as the
public good may require.
The parties to whom contracts are awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of
execution of the contracts, to pay cost of ad-
vertising. CHARLES W. WELCH.
Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Feb. 23, Sealed !
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, San Diego i
Barracks, Cal., until 11 o'clock a. m., March
25, 1538, and then opened, for furnishing wood :
and coal for Alcatraz Island, Angel Island,
Fort Baker, Benicia Barracks, Fort Mason, :
Presidio of San Francisco, San Diego Bar-
racks and San Francisco, Cal., during fiscal ;
year commencing July 1, IS9S. Government ;
• reserves right to reject or accept any and
all bids, or any part thereof. Preference
given to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of quality and price (including in the
price of foreign productions the duty thereon)
being equal, and such preference given to !
articles of American production produced on
Pacific Coast to extent of consumption re-
quired by the public service there. Informa-
tion furnished on application to Quartermaster
at San Diego Barracks, or to undersigned.
Envelopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed "Proposals for wood (or coal)," and
addressed to said Quartermaster, or to JAS.
M MOORE, Assistant Quartermaster-Gen-
eral, U. S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— Clerk's office. Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, ! March 12, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12, IS9B, between the hours of 2:30
and 3 o'clock.
• The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
. or of both, with all the latest scientific Im-
provements required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
' ' purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
' ity as being indispensable in the construction
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as tire "Almshouse
Tract*" and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (530)
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five (765) feet to the southerly line or
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
9.639 acres. - i.-"j?''-:i i J : i..;' : :.».';•
■ The said plans and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
sum must cover the entire ■ expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
building.
i NOTICE— will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, .the statute re-
quiring eight (8) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
I dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
auired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to insure the
completion and construction- of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
' the cost as made by the said architect. The
] architects submitting plans and specifications
! determined by the board to be second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
$1000, $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
! and specifications • which ' may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied In the plans
I adopted may be used without further, cost or
■ charge. JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
~ LEUAIi^AOTItLS. ~-
CITY and County Treasury, "San Francisco,
March 16. 1898— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 3 of order 1598 of the Board of
Supervisors, . approved ; September 15, > ISSO.
there will be sold at public auction by E.S.
Spear & Co. ti at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
Sutter street, on , a
MONDAY, APRIL IS. 1898, *
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
I police force of San Francisco, as detailed in
■ an inventory thereof on file in the office of
'■ ■ the * clerk of the ! Board •: of Supervisors, . and
consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel, ' pis-
tols," knives, etc. : also a lot of trunks, valises,"
clothing, etc., property of deceased - persons
' received from the Coroner ..' of this city , and
county.' Open for Inspection on morning of
sale. A. C. WIDBER, \r
City and County Treasurer.
musical instruments.
SVHAT'S THAT? YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL, NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in IS9S. with every dollar ex-
pended on the Instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1843 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
even* dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this Instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Klngsbury.
The price Is $225.
The address Is 526 Hayes st.
The firm Is J. HARRY SCOTT.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 "per month SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stein-way Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos—
Ronisch - %}*i
Mathusek 150
Augustus Baus & Co *oil
Cameron |3u
Byron Mauzy •• 300
' BYRON MAUZY. pianos, 308-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano $53
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos and the lowest prices are
offered by the Zeno ManvaJs Music Co.. 769
'Market st. ; agents for the celebrated Decker
& Son pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mausy, Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market at.
HARDMAN, Chase Bros., Steinway and oth-
ers; slightly used; great bargains. Room 12,
Flood building.
UPRIGHT piano for sale; good condition;
cheap for cash. 915 Post st.
PIANOFORTE, square grand; a bargain; $60;
cost $200. Apply 130 Seventh st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st. '
FINE upright: great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter St., next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. ■ H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
HGRSEsi
TWO fast pacers, 1 carriage horse and 1 finely
matched road team. Call at Santa Clara
Stables, 164 Golden Gate aye. ■
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st.
WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. ST7LLTVAN *• "DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES^
FOR sale — One lady's phaeton, nearly
new: one single harness; two robes and whip.
Address box 2516. Call Office.
NEW three can milk wagon; one light deliv-
ery wagon. 1370 Turk st.
CHEAP; fruit wagon, horse and harness; neat
outfit. 526 Hampshire Bt.
SECOND-HAND wagons for Bale cheap. 1011
Harrison st. .
GOOD delivery wagon cheap, jj Inquire Meat
Market. 576 Howard st. .__ ■
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2B Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
FOR SALE— pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS _
TOEPKE, Architects, 55 Flood building.
FOR Furniture and household goods of
4-room flat; parties leaving city; must sell.
H. L.. box 2620, Call Office. _
PETALUMA Incubator; 300 capacity; nearly
new cost $40; sell or exchange for anything
useful. Q., box 1, Call Office. ..
A SMITH Premier Typewriter, nearly new. Ad-
dress box 2509. Call Office.
WINDMILL, pump and tank; 8000 gallons;
cheap. 2136 Fifteenth St.. near Market.
IMPORTED French poodle dogs and German
canaries for sale cheap. 2287 Geary st.
FOR SALE— Two fresh calved cows. Apply 115
Vlcksburg St.. bet, 23d and 24th.
BARGAIN— fountain. $150: originally
$700. Apply Sl3 Diamond St., between Jer-
sey and Twenty-fourth.
LARGE variety of thoroughbred chicken eggs
for hatching. F. KRAI'S. 1031 McAllister.
NEWFOUNDLAND dog. well trained, for
Klondike, to be sold cheap. 2130 Point Loboa
aye.
BICYCLE, typewriter and a dress suit: owner
going East; apply evenings. ROSS. 632 Ellis.
GAS engine, 12-horse power; Oriental No. 4;
centrifugal pump; engine runs with gasoline,
coal oil, benzine or distillate. Box 2074. Call.
TEN large dogs for Klondike. 2321 Twenty-
third St.. back City and County Hospital.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical: new. 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
YOUNG fresh Jersey cow and heifer calf. 238
Do re st.
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
654 Mission gt.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. •
j R POOL house-mover, dealer second-hand
"building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY. Kentucky. '97; bonded warehouse.
San Francisco: 33c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO., San Francisco.
ENGINE boiler, dynamo, motor, belt» and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission st. ..
SAFES and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SA.FES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records. $5 per dor;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-presa,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, eto..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
«15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scription? and want ids taken. _
_ DENTISTS. :~: ~ ~
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $5 up: silver
"fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put In without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St.. cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1695.
A FULL set :of - teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
! tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. - . ' .-• ; . • .
NEW YORK Dentists— extraction. BOc;
plates. $5: gold filling. 75c up; silver, 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up; open , evenings and
Sundays. 969 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made- old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas > given.
DR.' GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
•without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
. 813 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
.* rooms 30. 31 and 32, fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bid g.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. r DR. J.
" W. v KEY. 1320 Market st. :
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:10
• o'clock: branch office of The Call. , Subscrlp-
r'tlons and want ads taken.'
HOUSES FOR SALE.
FINE house for sale. . » .:'.
An elegantly furnished house of ten • rooms,
; . complete ■in - every detail, with , all ■ modern
. improvements;. situated in the most beautiful
part cf the city, with a perfect marine view:
a great 1 bargain for a cash buyer; rents now
' for • $100. • Address HENRY GROG AN. • box
2137, Call Office. ■ .
1314
HOUSES TO LET. v
ALL OVER TOWN . _ _ ml | .. _ _i i■■ '" — T
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HO ELL. 10 Montgomery.
BAY-WINDOW house 4 rooms and basement.
212 Perry st. : rent $12 50: water free. Apply
to O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
GLEN PARK. 36. off *™l *g^r2<=TT?R*'
bath, laundry; 2 yards: $25. DEMPSTER.
406 GOUGH St., near Hayes: 327 Ivy aye.; 6
and 4 sunny rooms; bath, yard.
JULIAN AYE.. 137. near Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; 7-room house and bath; $15. •
MCALLISTER. 818 — Sunny house, 8 rooms;
front and rear garden: rent reduced $35.
OAK 421— Stylish Eastlake residence. 8 rooms
and bath; latest Improvements, $35. |
BCOTT, 2030— Modern house, 8 rooms and bath;
nice yard.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2854, near Hampshire —
rooms; bath; yard; rent $16.
£B— HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. Apply
Twenty-seventh and Alabama sts.
«-ROOM house, bath and basement, $11: Laurel
aye.. near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER
& LENT. 14 Post st. |
•25— HOUSE 5 rooms and bath; large barn;
6 stalls. 126 Clara st. NICOL. 410 Kearny.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR six months; furnished house; 8 rooms;
marine view. Box 2077. Call office. |
MINNA, 713^4—4 rooms completely furnished
for housekeeping; ready to move In; cheap.
MISSION. 2726, sunny belt— Parlor floor 5 nice-
ly furnished rooms; every convenience for
housekeeping; piano; bath; gardens: $25. ,
MODERN, well furnished house of 9 j sunny
rooms; large yard and basement. 1709 Mar-
ket st. GEO. W. PATTERSON - CO.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BERKELEY— Furnished cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 3115
Bancroft way. near Berkeley Station; $25.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms, hot and cold water, $12.
350 Preclta aye.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath. 2722 Folsom St.,
near Twenty-third.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, yard and basement, $10.
3272 Folsom st.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath on Ashbury
St., bet. Page and Oak. ■
COTTAGE to let to man and wife. Apply at
BOSI4 Union st.
FAIR OAKS, 127— Sunny 4-room cottage; bath,
gas; large garden in rear; $15.
NICE sunny cottage, 5 rooms and bath. 27
Chattanooga st. _
BUNNY, modern 7-room cottage; large grounds;
like new; reduced to $18. 3614 Eighteenth st.
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms; bath; base-
ment: yard and stable; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth
St.. near Dolores.
4 ROOMS. $10. or will sell $50 cash; balance $12.
THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— s9 and $10; 3 and 4-room dandy flats.
A— 4lB; 5 rooms; on Geary st. ; reduced from ,
122
"Son other flats, cheap. SPECK _ CO., 602 i
Market st.
BUCHANAN, 511 A —Sunny corner, five rooms;
reasonable; furniture for sale.
DEVISADERO and Oak sts.— Four elegant
flats to let; sunny rooms; extremely reasona-
ble rent.
ELEGANT upper flat. 5 large rooms. 335H
Hickory aye. Apply Sl4 Fell; rent cheap.
ELEGANT sunny flat of 8 rooms. 2019 Sacra-
mento st. 'y-'r-i-i
FILBERT. 1128. near Hyde— Sunny 6-room
upper flat; bath; fine marine view.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath and modern Improve-
ments. 3442 Twentieth st. . corner Capp.
ELEGANT top flat: 6 rooms, bath; latest im-
provements. 143 Grove St., near City Hall.
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms: alcove
parlors, etc.
FINE healthy fiat 6 rooms and bath; wash-
tubs; $13. Call 618 Fell St.
FLAT— Twenty-first and Valencia sts.; 6|
rooms; ha.th; suitable for dentist or doctor. !
FLAT of - large sunny rooms; rent $10. 571
Seventh st.
FLAT of I rooms; 3 rooms furnished, 3 un-
furnished. -03 Bush st.
FLATS 5 and 6 rooms; improvements; cellar;
one block Jackson-st. cars. 1135 Pacific St.,
near Jones. -
FOLSOM, 2696— Elegant sunny corner flat: 6
rooms and bath; for doctor, dentist or adults.
GEARY, 1503— Beautiful flat of 8 rooms, bath
and every convenience: rent $30.
JACKSON", 1011, near Larkin— Fine sunny up-
per flat of « rooms and bath; $25. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO., 688 Market St.
JESSIE "--'•. near Sixth— Flat of 5 rooms,
i ath: $16. "
MODERN upper flat; 6 light rooms, basement;
water free. 341 Jersey St.; Castro and 24th
st. cars. j
MODERN sunny flats, 3, 4 and 5 rooms and
bath, $7 to $15. 1751 Hayes St., near park.
NEW upper 6-room flat; 1818 Page st., one
block from Golden Gate Park. j
NICE modern flat: every room sunny; 6 rooms
and bath; Guerrero St., between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth; Valencia and Guerrero St. cars
. bandy. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. House
Renters and Real Estate Agents. 630 Market.
NICE sunny flats of 5 and 6 rooms: modern Im-
provements; reduced rent. 2640 Twenty-third.
SCOTT. 2038. corner Sacramento — Modern flat,
8 rooms, attic; reasonable.
SUNNY corner Bat, 5 rooms, $17; Inside flat,
with bath. $15; newly painted and papered;
corner Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BUNNY modern lower flat of 5 rooms. 1528
Fulton St., near Baker; rent $17 50.
SUNNY flat of 7 rooms and bath. 2911 Cali-
fornia st. ; rant $35. '
TWENTY-THIRD, 2727, near Dolores— of
5 rooms; bath; in good order; $15.
UPPER flat 3 large rooms: chicken yard: $8.
32 Powell aye., near Twenty-eighth st.
4 AND C room flats; some -vith gardens; sunny;
attractive view; on Twellth st. and Glen Park
aye. ; $12. $13. $14. $18 and $23 50. DEMPSTER.
36 Glen Park ove., off Twelfth St.
$:• Flat 1123 Vallejo St., near Leavenworth; 4
rooms; large separate yard; very cheap.
$12— Two nice sunny flats: 4 and 6 rooms; bath;
yard; no objection to children. 2718 McAllis-
ter st., near park.
NICE sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath; gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
11? NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms; bath, gas and
yard. 3330 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe,
113 50— UPPER flat: 5 sunny rooms, bath: mod- ;
em. 11 Kingston aye., nr. 30th and San Jose. •
|jg_Flne sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath. 2124 !
O'Farrell st.
Jl6: FLAT 5 rooms and bath. yard. 28 Wash-
ington aye., off Mission st., near Ninth.
$13— WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat:
modern; large lot: garden. 4075 Twenty-third
st.. few steps from Castro; care key 4071.
$25— LARKIN, 627, near corner Ellis— rooms
and bath. ■
$35— LOVELY tunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
€24 Golden Gate ny».. near Van Ness.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BED and sitting room, furnished; only $4 a
month: gentleman. G. D. H.. box 2081, Call.
EDDY, COS — Sunny suite 'of parlors; light
housekeeping and large sunny room.
EDDY. 628 — Parlor floor. 3 elegantly furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; bath and gas; pri-
vate family; nice neighborhood; references.
EDDY, 913 — or 4 unfurnished or furnished
rooms; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
ELGIN Park. 36, off Thirteenth— 3 or 4 large
sunny rortrns. furnished complete for house-
keeping; running water; every convenience.
ELLIS. . 706, near Lark in — Sunn/ "ront rooms,
connecting or separate; housekpg; reasonable. :
FAIR OAKS, 94, corner Twenty-second, above j
Guerrero— sunny front furnished room.
Jl; cars pass door.
FELL. 178— Pleasant sunny unfurnished light
housekeeping room; bath: quiet fam.: $6 mo. i
FIFTH. 149^— Nicely furnished sunny, house-
keeping rooms; also single and double rooms.
FIFTH. 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room, $5. •
FILLMORE, I.—Large1 .— Large sunny furnished
front room and housekeeping.
FIRST, 169 -2 sunny rooms: complete for house-
keeping; also single rooms; rent reasonable. |
FOLSOM. 520— Large front bay-window room I
for housekeeping; also single room, connect-
ing; hot and cold water; bath.
FOURTH. 223— Nice sunny front rooms for
housekeeping. ■
FURNISHED sunny rooms, with or without
housekeeping; every convenience. 2822 Six-
teenth st; ■ - ■'
GLEN PARK AYE.. 17. off Twelfth •_, bet. j
Hownrd and Mission— 2 completely furnished
housekeeping; rooms; $10. j
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
GEARY. 429— Ll^ht housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GOLDEN GATE. 311— Sunny alcove double
front rooms; housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, '■■! Pleasant sunny housekeeping
rooms; complete: bath, gas; rent cheap.
HOWARD, 52o — 1 or 2 rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; rent low.
HOWARD. 732- -Large room furnished for
housekeeping; rent low.
HYDE, 1412 " newly furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; references.
JACKSON. 920. near Mason— Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms: single, $4.
JESSIE. 446—2 pleasant sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
61£ LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions an i want ads taken^
LARKIN 63SH - "■' 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; running water;
batlv _____
LARGE, light housekeeping rooms, with two
closets and bath. 30 Willow aye., off Larkln,
between Eddy and Ellis.
McAIVLISTER. 422—2 or 8 nicely furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas range^
MISSION. i"63- 1 large room for housekeeping,
$1 60 a week. ■
MISSION 10."3--2 or 3 nicely furnished house-
keeping' rooms; use of piano If desired.
NATOMA, 577—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$10; 2Jor_s7 :
NINTH 20— Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping. $11 mo.; single, $6 up; water and gas.
OAK. Ill— Nice sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay-window
kitchen, gas stove, $12; other suites cheap.
PACIFIC, 932— Unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping: fine grounds. I
POLK, 622— Unfurnished or furnished room;
suites or single; rent cheap.
POST, 1304—5 rooms and bath; suitable for
housekeeping; finest location In the city;
convenient to Sutter or Geary st. cars; one
block from Van Nes___aye.
MISSION. 661—2 pleasant sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; $9 per month.
MISSION, 925H— 2 completely furnished sunny
rooms; housekeeping exclusive; bath; porch.
RUSS, 116, near Sixth— Large front room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping.
SHIPLEY, 232-2 newly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; $6 50 and $4 a month.
SOUTH PARK. nicely furnished sunny I
front housekeeping rooms, complete, $9 mo.
SUNNY unfurnished rooms; marine view; $4.
2166 Chestnut St.
SUTTER. 262P — 3 rooms, washtubs, use of
bath: furniture of kitchen and bedroom for ;
sale If desired. .
THIRD, 809 2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping." $7; other rooms.
THIRTEENTH, 409 1 .. ab*ve Valencia— sll; I
unfurnished rooms; bath; yard.
TWELFTH, 145. cor. Howard — Sunny furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping^
VALENCIA, 3«4 — 3 or 4 sunny rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; bay-window.
WEBSTER, 711— Two or 3 large sunny rooms;
furnished or unfurnished ; rent cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALTONT~2oT^McAlllster— Lovely sunny large
front and single rooms; $6 mo. up; bath; gas.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references glven^
BOND, 18— Nicely furnished front room for 1 j
or 2 gentlemen.
BUY ANT, 430— Sunny nicely furnished room;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $7 per month.
BUSH, 72S— Sunny bay-window rooms; rent
reasonable.
CENTRAL House, 52 2d— Good family & single
rms.; day, 25, 50c; wk., $1 2_, $2 50; mo., $0 up.
DELAWARE. 1131 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $S and $10 mo. : nice suites.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny, clean rooms, $6; housekeep- j
ing suite cheap; quiet house.
EDDY. 212 (Thf Lexington)— Rooms per night.
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY 803 Pleasant unfurnished room; use of
laundn ; garden; cheap.
EDDY, 619— Pleasant furnished front rooms,
single or en suite; also sunny kitchen; reason-
able.
ELLIS. 639. cor. Larkln— Bay-window alcove; '
mantel, gas, bath; gents preferred. I
FRANKLIN MI, corner Fell— An elegant new-
ly furnished modern sunny room for 2, $8 mo. j
FULTON, 833 — Two unfurnished front rooms I
with board. The Mlzpah^ ; .
GEARY, 51S— Large sunny bay-window room,
light housekeeping suite and single room.
GEART, 774—2 large furnished sunny parlors
In quiet private family. i
GROVE, -I N -Neatly furnished front room, one
or 2 gents, $"• to $7.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 P e ______
HAVES 562—3 lovely sunny connecting rooms. !
$1S: single. $1". {7. $4; housekeeping if desired.
HOWARD, 524— Nicely furnished front sunny j
room, with alcove; suitable for 2; reasonable..
HOWARD, 715, BT. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suite*; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
HOWARD. S2l— Furnished rooms from $1 up; i
also 2 housekeeping; rent $2 25. j
HOWARD 989— 8y day. weeK or month; 25c,
30c, 75c and $1 per day; *5 to $15 per month.
HOWARD, 1153. near Eighth— Well-furnished
sunny rooms, quiet and respectable, $6 to $12
per month. j
HTDE, 416— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win- I
dow room; suitable 2 gentlemen; grate, gas,
bath; $12 50^
JESSIE, 1451, near Thirteenth— Newly fur-
nished rooms.
JONES, 3705. near Broadway— 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent $13.
KEARNY, 23— New and sunny suites and sin-
gle; rent moderate; use of kitchen.
KEARNY. 215— Newly furnished suites; also
single rooms: first floor.
LARKIN, 625^4— Sunny furnished back parlor
for two gentlemen.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny furnished room, 1 or I
gentlemen, $6.
MARKET, 1203— Sunny corner, nicely furnish-
ed rooms; day, week or month; reasonable.
MCALLISTER,' 615— Nicely furnished front
suite: $16 per month; hot and cold water.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week. :
MISSION 1226— Sunny, complete housekeeping ,
suite: with piano $14 mo., without $12; bath, |
gas, water.
NATOMA, 282, near Fourth— 2 or 3 unfurnished
rooms.
NEAT furnished room. $4. 450 Minna st.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms. $1 50
to $4 90 week, $6 to $16 month; also house-
keeping.
cFf A RRE L17~635> _— Large front room, fur-
nished or unfurnished, for 2. $8 per month.
OAK, 22— Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for Z; nice location.
PERRY, 174— Large furnished sunny room; hot
water;' bath; use kitchen; reasonable.
PHILADELPHIA House. 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
POLK, 211H — Pleasant furnished room cheap.
POWELU 20iS (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
looms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
SEVENTH, 571— Furnished rooms.
Sl?ERMAN^Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurniahed.
SHOTWELL, 231— Unfurnished sunny bay-
window room In private family^
PILVER STATE. 16-18 Mason— European; ele-
gant rooms; suite or single: <!ay. week or
month; baths; hot and cold water; transient;
elevator.
SOUTH PARK. Ill— Nicely furnished sunny
bay-window room; suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
:i,-n; $8 month.
STOCKTON. 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single: day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
SUTTER. 107, near Stockton— 2 furnished
rooms, $6 each.
SUTTER, 715-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
SUTTER, 791 (Sutherland Hotel)— Nice sunny
rooms; suites or single; elevator; moderate.
TAYLOR. 407-2 well furnished sunny rooms,
with fireplace.
WEBSTER, 2211?— Newly furnished room for one
or two K'MUlemen; references.
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICE to let: directly opposite car house on
Mission anil Twenty-ninth sts.; best location
In city for barber shop, cigar or real estate
office. • \
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
COLUMBIA SQUARE. 24, opp. Folsom-st.
Park— Board and room, $18; references.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. H to $5 per week; nice location.
GEART, 460 — Elegant modern sunny rooms and
first-class board; reasonable; references.
HYDE, 925— Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
TON.
HYDE. 1105— Sunny bay-window room: gas;
bath; running water; first-class board; s2o mo.
O'FARRELL, Sl6— Modern sunny rooms with
first-class table board: private family; ref.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board, $3 per
week, with nine sunny front room, $4 week^ _
TURK, 812— Nice room two gentlemen; bath;
gas: grate; beard;- private family; $35.
VAN NESS aye.— Beautiful sunny rooms;
eouthern exposure; building new; all mod-
ern conveniences: newly furnished; elegant
for gentlemen; board optional. Apply at 808
Van Ness aye.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
A GERMAN family wishes to board 2 or S
children or Infants. 3281 Seventeenth St..
cor. Mission.
WIDOW having her own home would like the
care of a baby; mother's care. MRS. SHIV-
ERS, Antloch, Cal.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; good home.
Apply at 932". Mission St.
ENGLISH widow wishes 2 children to board
or 2 working girls. 51 Clara st.
SUMMER RESORTSv
HOTELTMount Viewnow open to visitors, for
guests April 1; conveyance will meet the 11:30
o'clock boat from city at Roes. For terms
and particulars address MISS HUTCHINSON,
Ross, Marln County^
ELEGANTLY furnished hotel in Mill Valley.
30 rooms, baths and all latest improvements;
beautiful grounds; unsurpassed view; only
•4 hour from San Francisco; rent low. Par-
ticulars, MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER grocery; fixtures complete; 3 rooms;
brick basement. Northeast corner Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
HOWARD, 1802— Store to let; i living rooms;
rent cheap. .
LARGE corner store and rooms; can sublet; for
first-class grocery and bar. 2698 Folsom St.
STORET witbTrooms, 2946 Mission st.; occupied
for 9 years as cigar and stationery store;
near school.
BTORE— Corner Twenty-third and Guerrerv
sts.; suitable for a drugstore.
STORE— Twenty-first and Valencia sts; suit-
able for a dry goods or fancy store.
THIRD, 511— Store and three rooms; rent $18.
THREE large new stores to let on Devlsadero
St., near Oak: extremely moderate rents.
STAULES TO LET.
STABLE, with office and large lot, to lease;
suitable for contractor, milkman, sale stable,
etc.; on Fifteenth st.. between Guerrero and
Dolores. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real
Fstate Agents, 6T.0 Market st.
STALLS and large barn to let. 457 Tehama
street..
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, j
though else fail; delicacy, pri_icy, home, i
etc ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no :
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con- |
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 5»
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and j
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re- ;
moved by electricity; home in confinement:
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 91S Post st.. nr. Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French i
physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all" Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled- 15 years' practice; maternity home; i
best skill, low fees; pills, $2.
A SURE, safe nnd speedy cure for all female j
diseases: a home In confinement, with best J
possible care; with privacy of home and con- \
venlence of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR~. GWYER, 226 Turk St.
when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cmise: restore in 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
LADIES, ChicheFter's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best: safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps fnr particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. HIS Market st.
A BOON to wive* and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: Rend
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., r>r,l X st.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to lad!»s with
femp.le troubles: no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; dnn't delay until too late.
OBGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-,
men and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem- j
edles; 3S years' experience. 2."4V_ Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st., Alameda.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions end want aim taken.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; elei-trical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINKIOKING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
WEBSTER, 2107.—P iano teacher; studied In
Paris; terms reasonable: best references.
PIANO lessons, 25c an hour: progress guaran-
teed. Box 9744, Call office.
MRS. FRIEDBERG, voice culture; 60c a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1136 Mar-
ket st.; 124 positions in '96: 103 in "97.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, grnm-
mnr; day, night: $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate; French,
Spanish: ne^v classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
mar-nine supplies. 145 Sixth st. ; phone Mint 45.
TO LEASE-
TO LEASE— Private hotel In first-class location;
75 rooms; elevator, etc.: for a term of years;
furniture for sale; only responsible parties
need apply. Box 2526, Call Office.
FACTORY to lease; Folsom at., bet. Fourth
and Fifth: buildings, engine and boilers.
BI'RNHAM _ MARSH CO., 1,2S Market st
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. March 19.
Stmr Columbia. Goodall, — hours from Port
lard via Astoria.
RETURNED.
Saturday. March 19.
Sohr Parkersburg, Nielsen, fro ti soa on ac
count of carrying away main bcotn of Bo
l'n.is Mar 19.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 19— Bark Haydn- j
Brown, from Baltimorn.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 19-Stmr Alsatla,
from Marseilles.
Sailed Mar 19— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm 11, for
Naples; stmr Mohawk, for London; stmr
Spaarndam. for Rotterdam; stmr Etruria. for
Liverpool: stmr Norge, for Copenhagen: stmr
Phoenicia, for Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Mar 19— Stmr Taurlc.for
New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Mar 19— Stmr La Boulogne,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Mar 19— Stmr St
Paul, fnr New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Mar 10— Stmr Norelland.
for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed Mnr 19 — Rtmr Friedrich der
Grosse, for New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Mar 19— Stmr Paiatla.for
New York.
LIVTSRT»OO_-_J_ile_ Mar 19— Stmr Umbrla,
for New York. |
. MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Meyer H. Levy and Rose Harris, 82-20. _5
R. E. Morgan and Annie Worthington, 32-22.
Eugene Rust and Emma Taafe, 28-28.
Richard J. Collins and Annie Furlong, 21-18.
Julius S.Schwelzer and Mildred Weil. 26-22.
Charles F. Wenig and Tinah M. Smith. 34-22.
Ernst Sandbock and Elfrlda Anderson, 23-21.
Julius Olsen and Anna Triatt. 42-30.
Arthur W. Hine and Nellie K. Conroy, 29-28.
Albert J. Ward and Emma Reed, 28-36.
BIRTHS— MARRIWs— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. '
BORN.
ALFORD— In Garden Valley, March 15, 1898, to
the wife of William Alford. a son.
BIERING— In this city. March 15. 1898, to the
wife of E. F. Biering, a daughter.
BOIVIN— In this city, February 24, 1898, to the
wife of Louis E. Bolvin, a son. ,
CONNOLLY— March 11, IS9B, to the wife of
T. Connolly, a son.
CHANDLER— In Santa Cruz, March 17, 1898, to
. the wife of Lewis Chandler, a daughter. .
DUANE— In Martinez. March 16, 1898, to the
■wife of John G. Duanr. a son.
GIUDICI— In Garden Valley. Cal.. March 13.
1898, to the wife of John Giudlcl, a daughter.
MARTIN— In this city, March 6. 1898, to the
wife of A. W. Martin, a son.
WELCH— In this city. March 4, 1893, to the
wife of J. D. Welch, a son.
WIEGAND— In this city, March 13, 1898, to the
■ wife of E. A. Wlegand, a son.
WREN— In this city, March 17, 1898, to the
wife of James J. Wren, a daughter.
WILLIAMS— In Modesto, March 11, 1898, to the
wife of Rev. J. H. N. Williams, a daughter.
' MARRIED.
ROGERS— In this city, March 16. 1898,
by the Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D.,Bartlin C.
Glatt and Isabelle Rogers, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SHEPSTON— HOWARD— In this city, February
20. 1S?8, by the Rev. James Stokes. Robert S.
Shepston and Margaret M. Howard, both
of San Francisco. - -
DIED.
Ahem. Ellen Hallahan, Thomas
de Andrels. Arthur Hayes. Mary
Bachant, Mrs. L. A. Jackson, Sarah A. '
Basch, Heyman Jessen. Margaret
Bass, Thomas J. Koenip, Emma D.
Belforte, Joseph McKlbbin, Selby
Bennett, Benjamin McLeod, Daniel
Brockstedt, August McNulty, Margaret
Brookes, Margaret Menchlnl, Basllio
Bruno, Louis Moore, Rufus W.
Carter, Levi O'Connell. Ellen
Clark. Edmund F. O'Connor, Rev. C.
Clarke, David O'Kane, J. W. P.
Coakley, Teresa A. Paredes. Jesus M.
Collens, Louis Richards, Charles L.
Curry, George M. Rogers, Owen
CusicK. Patrick A. Schlueter. Mrs. M.
Davidson, Solomon Schneiderman. Mary
Davis. Robert F. Setbert, Maggie
Donovan, James C. Smiley, Harry
Egan. Peter Tyler. Annie McK.
Evans, Mrs. N. E. Washington, Harriet
Giffin. Helen T. Weston. William H.
Gunn, Felix E. Wolters, Henry
AHERN— In this city, March 19, 1898, Ellen,
beloved wife of Michael Ahem. and mother
of Sister Mary Seraphine, O. S. D.. Mrs.
G. Hopkins, Mrs. W. Hoffman and Agnes and
Kitty Ahem, a native of Youghal, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 54 years.
DE ANDREIS— In this city, March 19, IS9S,
Arthur Cyril." beloved son of Cosmo and
Minnie de Andreis, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years and 2 months.
E_TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 10 Vandewater street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BACHANT— In Fresno, March 17. 1898, Mrs.
L. A. Bachant.
BASCH— In this city. March IS, 1898, Heyman.
beloved husband of Minna Basch, and father
of Mai vlna Platt of Carson City, New, a na-
tive of Posen, aged 72 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith
Hall, Eddy street, thence by 11:80 o'clock
train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery for in-
terment.
BASS— In Sausallto, March 17, 1898. Thomas
Jefferson, beloved husband of Ellen Bass,
and father of Mrs. Samuel Miller and
Charles, Edith and Thomas Bass, a native
of New Jersey, aged 64 years and 10 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Mount Moriah Lodge
No. 44, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery-
BELFORTE— In Bnetling, March 13, IS9S, Jo-
seph Belforte, a native of Italy, aged 30 years.
BENNETT— In this city, March 16, IS9S. Ben-
jamin W. Bennett, a native of Virginia, aged
68 years.
BROCKSTEDT— In Alameda, March 17, 1898,
August, beloved hi: 'hand of Emma Brock-
stedt, and father of Lulu Brockstedt, a na-
tive of Holstein, Germany, aged 55 years and
17 days.
(CyFriend? and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1602 Benton street, corner of Railroad
avenue, Alameda. Cremation at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, San Francisco.
BROOKES In Ik ,h, March 18, 1898, Mar-
garet, sister of the late Samuel M. Brookes,
artist, a native of England, aged 72 years.
BRUNO— In this city, March 19, IS9B. Louis
Bruno, a native of France, aged 60 years.
CARTER-Near Ceres, March 16, 1898. Levl
Carter, a native of New York, aged 76 years
S and 3 days,
CLARK— In this city, March 17, 1898, Edmund
Fanning, husband of Mrs. M. Eunice Grou-
ard Clark, a native of New York, aged 70
years 6 months and 10 days. (New York
City papers please copy.)
(T?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Market' and Seventh streets.
Funeral under the auspices of Apollo Lodge
No. 123, I. O. O. F. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CLARKE— In Victoria, B. C. David, idolized
husband of Julia Clare, a native of Alexan-
dria, Jamaica, aged 38 years and 9 months.
COAKLEY— this city, March 17, 1898, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Teresa A., beloved wife of
James Coakley, daughter of Mr«. J. J.
Rellly, sister of John and Julia Rellly, Mrs.
L. Laughley, Mrs. J. Tatro and Mrs. M.
Go win, and sister-in-law of Cornelius,
John and Abbie Coakley and Mrs. J. Crow-
ley, a native of Sonoma County. California,
aged 25 years 4 months and 8 days.
{[_rFrien<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 829 Louisiana street. Potrero, thence
to St. Teresa's Church, Butte and Tennessee
streets, whore a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '*;'-' ■ ■'■-
COLLENS— this city. March 17. 1898. Louis
Collens, a native of Belgium.' aged 56 years.
CURRY— In this city, March 19, 1898, George
Milton, beloved son of Therese and the late
Frank Curry, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years.
CUSICK— In the City and County Hospital,
March 19, 1898, Patrick Albin Cuslck. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 66 years.
DAVIDSON— this city, Solomon, dearly be-
loved, husband of Tina Davidson, and father
of Mrs. A. Harris. Mrs. J. Rehfeld and Harry
Davidson, a native of Gulewkowo. Prussia,
aged 73 years. . ;
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 121S Buchanan street. Interment
New Salem Cemetery, by train from Third
and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock. . ,
DAVIS —In Claremont, Alameda County,
March 19, 1898. Robert F., beloved husband of
Delia A. Davis, son of James and Maria
Davis, and brother of William T., James, H.,
Mary E. and Carrie W. Davis, a native of
California, aged 40 years 3 months and 11
days. ■ •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Claremont avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church,- where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment St. j
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DONOVAN— In this city. March 18. 1598," James
C. Donovan, a native of Ireland, aged 40
"•years. (Santa Rosa papers please copy.) ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew _ English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, corner Flllmore and
Fell streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will he celebrated for the repose of his soul,
'.commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .'
Y. M. L— lgnatian Council No. 35. Y. M. I.:
J You will please assemble at the funeral par-
I lore of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness ave-
nue, ' this (Sunday), morning, to attend
the funeral of our late deceased brother,
James C. Donovan. J. J. O'TOOLE. ■
C. L. EBNER, Secretary. President.
EGAN— In this city, March 19, 1808. at his
residence, 1105 Treat avenue,. Peter, beloved
husband of Annie Egan. and father of John ]
J., Mamie E., Eugene P.. Annie. Kittle and
Gertie E_an. a native of County Gal way,
Ireland, aged 63 years... ' ,
(C? Notice of funeral hereafter. . ...
EVANS— In Ophlr. Utah, March 16, 1898, Mrs.
N. E. Evans, sister of Lewis, Edwin A. and
Albert S. Goodwin and Mrs. L.L. Bushman,
and mother of William. - Robert, Albert 0.,
Ernest 1., Mary E.. Laura. Emerett E., Ida
and Mrs. Violet L. Doan and Mrs. Susie — ,
a | native of Connecticut, I aged 54 years.
GIFFIN— In this city, March IS. UM, Helen
Teresa, relict of the late John Giltin. a na-
. tive of Ireland, aged S4 years.
(ET Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 8
o'clock, from the parlors of ; Valent.'. Marlnl.
& Co., 1521 i Stockton street, thence to - St.
Francis Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 8:45 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ,'^
GUNN— A month's mind requiem mass will > be t
celebrated for the - repose of the soul of the
late Felix E.Ounn at St. Patrick's Church
. ;.-.-r; .-.-r ■ ■; t-; .-...-- ■■■' .••..•-•- "V ■'••■■
to-morrow (Monday), at 8 o'clock. Friends
are invited to attend.
HALLAHAN— In this city. March 19. 1898,
Thomas X., beloved husband of Mary A.
Hallahan. and father of Mrs. C. Ives and
Mrs. L. Bacon, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 68 years. *
HAVES— In this city, March 18. IS9S, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Daniel Hayes, and
mother or John and Jeremiah Hayes and of
the late Mkhael and Agnes Hayes, a native
of County Cork. Ireland, aged 68 years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from l.er late resi-
dence, northeast corner of Franklin and Bush
streets, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
JACKSON— In Alameda, March 17. IS9S. Sarah
Augusta Jackson, a native of California, aged
18 yjars and 4 months.
(CJ'FrieniJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from 1529 Stanton
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
JESSEN— In this city, March IS, ISOS, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Henry Jessen, mother
of Walter Jessen, and sister of Mrs. H.
Stelling and Crlstlne and Charles Christen-
sen. a native of Schleswlg-Holsteln, Ger-
many, aged 34 years 4 months and 19 days.
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
KOENIO— In Berkeley. March 15, 1898. Emma
D., wife of the late Captain L. J., and mother
of Christian, Ida and Georgina Koenig, a na-
tive of Hamburg. Germany.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to Attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2035 College way. thence by 12 o'clock
creek route boat to San Francisco. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McKIBBIN— In this city, March 15, 1898, Selby,
beloved son of Mary J., and brother of Wil-
liam and David McKlbbln, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years and 5 months. (New
York papers please copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of James Hagan, 445 Valencia street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McLEOD— In this city, March 19, 1898. Daniel,
dearly beloved husband of Bridget McLeod,
father of Mamie and Daniel McLeod, step-
father of Mrs. Aggie Edwards, Mrs. Juli*
Edwards and John McKenna, and grand-
father of Mabel Edwards, a native of Mel-
port, Scotland, aged 52 years 4 months and
21 days.
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
McNrLTY— In this city, March 18. 1898. Mar-
garet, dearly beloved daughter of Joseph and
Mary McNulty, and sister of Annie, Peter,
Hugh, Martha. Agnes and Ethel McNulty,
a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 17 years.
(Erie, Pa., Herald piease copy.)
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 568 Howard street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MENCHINI— In this city, March 16, 1898, Ba-
silio, dearly beloved husband of Angelina,
and father of Francis and Louisa Menchini,
a native of San Casclano di vontronl, Lucca,
Italy, aged 31 years and 6 months.
(tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his? late resi-
dence, 616 Post street, thence to Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city, March 18, 1898. Rufus
Watson, beloved huFband of Charlotte L.
Moore, and father of Mrs. J. A. Underbill,
Mrs. M. E. Mosher, Mrs. W. Y. King and
Charles W. Mooore, a native of Lexington.
Greene County, N. V., agpd 72 years 4 months
and 9 days. (Eastern papers please copy.)
[[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Emmanuel Bap-
tist Church, Bartlett street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In this city, March 17, 1898,
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Christopher
O'Connell, beloved mother of Mrs. William
F. Fitzgerald, loving grandmother of May
Fitzgerald, and beloved Bister of Mrs. M.
O'Keefe of San Jose, a native of Ireland,
aged 70 years.
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 "'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law, William F. Fitzgerald.
310 Francisco street, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a -solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount
calvary Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— Friends of the late Rev. Corne-
lius O'Connor of I'ktah. Cal., are respectfully
Invited to attend the month's mind to-morrow
(Monday), at St. Peter's Church, Twenty-
fourth and Alabama streets, where a solemn"
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
O'KANE— A solemn requiem month's mind
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late J. W. P. O' Kane at St.
Brendan's Church, to-morr'-w (Monday), com-
mencing at S o'clock. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend.
PA !:i:i)ES— In this city, March 16. IS9S. Jesus
Maria, d*>ar'y beloved husband of Fannie W.
Paredes, and beloved father of Sarah, Fred-
erick, Elvira. Arthur, Beatrice and the late
Esther, Edward and Rudolph Paredes. a na-
tive of Mexico, aged So years 1 month and
24 days.
[C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at in o'clock, from his late resl-
di-n.-e. 1R23 THip<int street, thence to the
Church of Nuestra rfenora de Guadalupe.
Broadway an'l Mason street, where a requiem
high mass will he celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commenc'ns at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RICHARDS— Near Grayson, March 13. IS9S,
Charles Lovell Richards, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 24 years and 6 days.
ROGERS— In this city, March 19, IS9S, Owen,
beloved husband of Susan Rogers, and be-
loved father of Thomas and Joseph Rogers
and Mrs. Frank Powers, a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland, aged 69 years 7 months and
12 days. (Cambridge, Mass., papers please
copy. )
jCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 531 Jersey street, between Diamond
and Do'uKlass. thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
SCHHETER- March 19, 18? S. Mrs. Marie
Schlueter, wife of Edward, mother of Chris-
tine Minnie, Sophie, Rudolph, Carl, Edward
W.,' Lottie and Robert and Mrs. R. Leo Van
der Naillen, and sister of Mrs. William
Ehrenpfort. a native of Baltimore, Md.. aged
67 years and 11 months. (Baltimore papers
please copy.
(CFNotice of funeral hereafter.
SCHNEIDERMAN-In this city, March 19, IS9B,
Mary Schneiderman, a native of Germany,
aged 67 year*.
SEIBERT— In this city, March 19. 1898. Mag-
gie dearly beloved wife of Daniel J. Seibert,
and sister of Mrs. Annie Mayberry of Palo
Alto and Robert Sample, a native of Phila-
delphia, Pa., aged 27 years.
SMILEY— In this city. March 18, 1898. Harry
Parker Smiley, beloved brother of S. P.
Smiley and Mrs. Winfleld W. Coulter, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 37 years 3 months
and 7 days.
TYLER— In Antloch. March 16, 1898, Annie
McKay Tyler, a native of Ireland, aged 58
years.
WASHINGTON— In this city, March 18. 1898.
Harriet Ann. relict of the late Thornton
Washington, a native of Richmond, Va., aged
77 years.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the First M. E.
Church, Powell street, near Washington. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
WESTON— In this city, March 19. 1898, at St.
Mary's Hospital, ' William H. Weston, a na-
tive of Philadelphia. Pa., aged 27 years.
WOLTERS— In this city, Marcn 18, 189S, Henry,
husband of Bella Wolters, a native of Glb-
sonvllle. aged 23 years 10 months and 9 day*.
A member of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O.
U. W.
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attpnd the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 246 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to St. James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GAtLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS .t EMBALMERS
20 FIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone, South 80.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market St., San
Francisco. Telephone So. 156.
Estab. 1888. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. tSpncious chapel for the u«s
of gu) patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
BATTERY FOR FIRE SERVICE,
having a handle engaging one of the
pinions, to facilitate regulating the ang'.e
of elevation of the nozzle, which may be
effected by one person. Movable through
openings in the side pieces of the car-
riage are blocking rods adapted to engage
the spokes of the main wheels when the
apparatus T* stationary, and these wheels
also have hand rods on their spokes to
facilitate moving the battery from one
position to another. At the ends of the
trail stocks are iron loops to receive
straps or ropes when it is desired to run
the battery down a stairway into a cel-
lar or basement, should the fire there be
too hot to allow the firemen to enter,
and a ring on a cross-piece is adapted for
connection with an engine or hose car-
riage In moving the apparatus to or from
a fire.
LINSTOCK WON
IN A GALLOP
Traverser and Fleur de
Lis Not in the Chase
for the Stake.
Sevens Took the Flying Stake
From a Fleet Lot of
Fillies.
Favorites Wora Out of Luck— Tea
Rose, at Her Beet, Downed m.
Smart Field of Sprinter*.
The attractiveness of the card drew
the largest crowd of the semi-monthly
meeting to Oakland track yesterday.
Then, too, the weather was warm and
summery, which seemed to thaw out
the cold feeling existing among many
racegoers during the early portion of
the meeting. The card was an espe
cially good one, two stakes, the Flying,
for two-year-old fillies, and the Pacific
Union, for all ages, being set for deci
sion. It was the latter event In which
the greater amount of Interest was
centered. The distance was one mile
and a furlong, and all looked to see a
battle royal between the crack three
year-old Traverser and the great mare,
Fleur de Lis, and what a surprise
awaited them, for the rank outsider,
Linstock, made a show of his field.
The conditions called for 106 pounds
on Traverser and 115 on the mare, and
in the opening betting each opened up
at 6 to 5. The odds against Fleur de
Lis lengthened to 5 to 2, when her par
tisans began to unloosen and the books
cut to twos. Traverser closed a 3 to 2
choice. Senator Bland, with 114 in the
saddle, was next in demand at 6 to 1,
with 6 chalked against the Corrigan
entry, Won't Dance, and 12 offered
about Linstock, with his light impost
of 88 po-unds and Clawson to do the pi
loting. He was thought to be lacking
in class, however, and went begging for
friends. There was absolutely no part
of the journey when the latter gelding
did not have the race up his sleeve. As
expected, Traverser went out at a ter
rific clip, with Fleur de Lis close up,
"Skeets" Martin evidently not intend
ing that the favorite should lose him.
The six furlongs were rattled off in
l:l3^i, the mile in 1:39%, with both of
the two leaders beginning to falter.
Once headed for the wire, Dick Claw
son gave Linstock his head, and the
son of Logic romped in the easiest sort
of a winner, three lengths ahead of
Won't Dance, in 1:53 flat. Senator
Bland also passed the tiring choices, se
curing the short end of the prize.
Traverser stopped to nothing after go
ing a mile and a sixteenth, but Fleur
de Lis hung on with remarkable game
ness.
It was a squally afternoon for the
favorites, Dr. Marks and Chappie be
ing the only ones to bring home the
coin. Nearly all of the winners, with
the exception of Linstock, were accord
ed good support, and the books did not
salt away any great amount of coin.
Clawson carried away the riding hon
ors, piloting two past the post in front.
The talent were nearly turned upside
down over the result of the Flying
stake at four furlongs, for fillies. Mag
dalenas, which had already taken two
stakes in the past and was supposed
to possess stake quality, was plugged
for a "moral" at the short price of 4 to
5. The Burns & Waterhouse pair, Win
ifred and Humidity, had third call in
the betting. Ed Corrigan thought
Winifred, with Sloan in the saddle, had
a chance second to none, and she was
second choice at post time. It was
tipped about that Sevens, the entry of
Nick Hall, had stepped a half in 48M:
seconds, and the long-shot division got
aboard, getting 15 to 1. The start was
only a fair one. The favorite broke
from behind, but quickly showed out
in front, chased by the Baldwin filly,
Reina de Cuba. The clip was a killing
one and when the stretch was reached
MeXichols, with the leg up on Sevens
next the rail, assumed the lead. The
latter became a trifle rattled as the
wire was neared, but managed to keep
his mount in the lead, gaining the ver
dict by a head from the fast-coming
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-12Oth day of the
Winter Meeting, Saturday, March 19. 1898. Weather Tine,
Track fa9t.
751 Dr Marks 104 43H 3h 21% 23 lh H. Martin.... »-6 o-J
e-4U Ortdson . ...U0 2 11 IVt 11 11 24 Thorpe 6-o t
(f( f 5" ?wTnk?er" V.'. 103 5 7V4 6h 5 4 4 3 3V> T. 510 an...... 4 6
I^ili II il % I life Si
if. grM^ner"::::...; 99 1 6 4 ,7 3 I h 6h 720 O'Nell ........ 200 500
•716 Approbation ........ 97 6 8 8 8 9 -8 Gray — 50
' Time, l:42Vi. Winner, B. Schrelber's b. %. by Sir Dixon-BeU Palmer. Good start. Won
first three driving. ' ■ --——__=_— —===== =
4
2
5
8
7
3
1
6
3 4
1 1
7 4
5 H
2 24
4 2
5 4
8
3 h
1 4
6 h
4 2
2 2
6 h
7 3
8
2 14
1 1
6 4
8 h
4 14
7 10
6 h
8
2 3
1 1
4 3
3 2
6 6
1 15
6 h
8
1 h
2 4
3 4
4 6
5 10
6 _
7 20
- 8
!H. Martin....
Thorpe
8-5
6-5
4
4
100
100
200
25
6-5
I
6
7
300
200
500
50
|T. Sloan
iConley
Wilson
McNlchols ...
O'Nell
Gray
65. SECOND
purse. $350.
745 Chappie. 4
739 Meadow Lark. 6 1
(704) Judge Stouffer, 4...
741 Lost Girl, 4 !
725 Benamela, 5 i
751 O'Fleeta, 6 ]
739 Howard, a 1
741 Donation. 5
... JW-thur H, a '
3
\l
2
I
6
7
4
5
1
9
1 2
7 3
4 3
6 *
6 1
2 1
3 h
8 15
9
1 3
6 2
4 14
6 14
7 6
2 1
8 h
8 15
9
IS
4 4
61
2 h
1 10
.-3H
6 Vs ■
8 50
9
1 3
6 2
4 1
2 4
6 3
3 4
7 10
5 30
9
1 h
2 4
3 h
4 3
t 3
6 2
7 10
8 50
9
|uray <
iClawson
McNichola ...
■O'Connor ]
IH. Martin.... j
4 7-1
6 4
5-2 2
8 S
'4 6
4 5
10 30
X 60
60 300
IThorpe
Wilson |
Van Kuren...
R. Narvaez...|
Time,l:29. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g. by Imp. Order-Hoyden,
first three driving.
Fair start.
Won
—-/»/» THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-old fillies; the Flying Stakes: value, $1000.
(boi . .
[orses.
54S Sevens
692 Humidity
(676) Magrdalonas ..-.'
676 Winifred ............:
638 Reina de Cuba :
748 Buena Ventura ..
735 Banewor '
1
3
4
2
6
7
&
3 3
• 4 1
1 h
6 3
Il*I 1 *
5H
3 3
4 3
1 h
5 1
2 3
6 V,
in I
2 l'/a
3 4
4 1
5%
6 10
7
SfcNlcnoia ...
Thorpe
Conley
T SIO*B
■H Martin....
4
4-5
3
8
12
*
5
4-5
4
to
30
Hennessy ....
Clawon ......
VPrne^MS^^Wmn^N^S. Hall & Co.'. b. f. by Imp. Watercress • Poor .tart.
Won first three driving. .'-._.'. ■ ~ -
T£JT FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; all ages; Pacific Union Stakes: value,
iKy i • now. -
(754) Linstock, 3 !
696 Won't Dance, 6 !
(755) Senator Bland, 5 13
(687) Fleur de Lis, 4 l:
(731) Traverger. 3 1(
5
4
2
3
1
5
4 8
8 h
2 4
1 1
4 h
5
3 1
2 24
1 1
? I
4 h
5
2 >
1 1
3 H
4 24
5
2 1
1 1
2 h
4 4
5
3 2
1 14
1 3
2 h
3 >s
4 3
5
lawson
'. SI.V.IH
;. Sloan
I. Martin....
10 12
8 S
5 ' 5
fi-r, 2
6-5 3-t
T>orpc
~ Time. 1:53. Winner, W. B. Applegate's b. g. by Logic-Blue Stockings. Good start,
easily. ___—-—__—;_;___—=————
pr/}Q FIFTH RACE— BIx furlongs: Free Handicap; 'three-year-olds and upward; purse,
i v>c3» tsoo. i -
714 Tea Rose 111. 4 1(
(751) MoIJRht. a 1
744 Rosormonde. 3 i
(701) Eddie Jones, 3 X
714 Libertine, a l:
1
5 . ■ ..
3
4CE/:
1 4
2 h
3 4
5
4 h
1 8
2 '4
3 2
4 4
5
1 2
3 k
2 1
4 3
5
1 2
2 n
3 h
4 5
5
:l .....
rtin
2 9-2
2 2
8 9-2
3 7-2
3 9-2
Time, 1:11%. Winner, Atkln & Lottrldge's eh. f. by imp. Midlothian-Imp. Red Rose.
Good start. Won first three driving. __
wag SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs: selling; four-year-olds and upward: purse, $350.
719 Montallade, 5...... 102,
(726) Ace. 6............-.-10S
: TO) Mamie Scott. 6..... .100
m si*. *••..... — 97
619- Myth. 4... ...........102
751 Refugee, 5 104
745 ' Felxotto. 5 ... .....:. 1051
715 Montallade. 5 W1 3 4 3h 53 3 4 * h T. Sloan 4 4
728) Ace 6 10814 4 1 2h 2 1 11) 2 1 Coniry 2 6-5
WO Mamie Scott. 6 10016 6 4 41 3\i 43 3h iClawson 6 10
7,3 piy 4 9712 11 Hi In 2 2 4 1 Gray 5 10
619 Myth 4 W2l 5 61 6h 4h 62 6h H Martin.... 5 10
751 Refugee 6 104)1 2h 6h 62 53 610 H. 8r0wn.... 4 4
745 Felxotto. 5 105 1 7 7 7 7 7 7 J. Woods f _15_ W
Time, 1:28. Winner, B. C. Holly's b. g. by Montana-Fusillade's Last. Good start. Won
first three driving.
I 3
I 4
I 6
2,
5"
i
7 ..:■'■.
3 U
,41
6 4
1 1
6 1
2 b .
7
3 h
2 h
■>• 4 1 •;;-■:
1 U '
6 h
6 h ,
■>■;.- 7- .■•:--
5 3
2 1
3 4
1 h
4 h
6 2
7
3 4
1 h
4 3
2 2
6 2
5 3
7
1 h
2 1
3 h
4 1
& h
6 10
7
T. Sloan i
Coniry
CiaWMin
(j ray
H Martin
H. Brown
J. Woods
Humidity in 49*4. The favorite was a
close up third.
The winner is a racy-looking miss
by the English bred horse, Watercress,
from Folly, and was bred at the t Napa
stock farm of A. B. Spreckels. selling at
that turfman's annual fall sale for $1500
to the nod of N. S. Hall Her breeder
was an interested spectator of the race
and took a tidy amount from the books
OV The first event decided, a mile sell
ing purse, resulted in a victory for the
6 to 5 favorite. Dr. Marks, ridden by
"Skeets" Martin. Odds On. the sec
ond choice, with Thorpe up set the
pace to the stretch, whereby dint of
hard urging . Martin collared^him with
the first choice and driving hard at the
end. won by a head. Twinkler took
the show from the eased up Good
The event next decided was a cheap
seven-furlong affair, for which Chap
pie closed a slight favorite in the bet
ting over Meadow Lark. O'Fleeta and
Judge Stouffer. After leading all the
way the favorite got the decision by
the shortest kind of a head from the
fast coming Meadow Lark piloted by
Tod Sloan. The wretchedly ridden
Judge Stouffer secured place honors
from Lost Girl in a drive.
With May W out of the waythesw
furlong sprint, fifth on the card, looked
soft for Tea Rose, but for some reason
her odds were allowed to drift bacK
in the betting from 2t09 to 2 Sh»
led from the first jump, winning all
out, two lengths in advance of the
first choice. McLight. in the fast time
of 1:13%. The heavily backed Rosor
monde finished in the show. _
Tom Ryan's gelding. Ace. was Pl&>* a
as though it was all over to win the
final seven-furlong run. but n J r V, a c hara
drive through the stretch Tod Sloan
on Montallade got up in time to get
the decision by half a length, with Ma
mie Scott finishing in the show.
Track Items.
Sevens, winner of the Flying stake, wm
given the name by W. S. Leake, originat
ing from a peculiarity of the filly's breed
er, A. B. Spreckels. While not given to
superstition, it appears that the latter
turfman considers seven his lucky number
and if indulging in a game of cards will
discard a pair of kings In preference to a
pair of sevens. If Sevens catches as many
stakes and purses as her breeder has
threes while holding on to his small pair,
Nick Hall fs again launched on the top
wave of prosperity.
The win of Montallade in the last rac«
cost the owner, B. C. Holly, a "boost.
The gelding was entered to be sold for
$300, and when put up to be bid on Isici
Hall started the ball rolling by bidding
him up to $800. M. A. Gunst then took a
hand, raising the bid $200 more. The win
ner was retained by his owner with th«
Cl Conley on Good Friend got all the worst
of the start, and the colored lad was ; evi
dently in a sulky mood at the finish, v, lth.
third place safe, he slackened up allow
ing Sloan on Twinkler to lead him out
half a length. There is a turr rule which
says that jockeys must ride out for tna
show, and Conley should be presented
with a copy of same.
Fred Edwards, one of th» owners or
Magdalenas, thinks Conley mad© too
much use of his mount the first part.
Reina de Cuba went out at a merry clip
and evidently helped work the defeat of
the favorite, for Conley failod to save tue
filly, his mind apparently made up to hold
the' lead at all hazards. When challenged
at the end she had nothing left.
J F. Caldwell, the starter at Ingleside,
took Ed Corrigan's tip and put a bet on
Winifred for the place. The start did not
help her chances any, and the daughter
of Riley was never prominent.
While Willie Applegate was sojourning
in this State Linstock was unable to earn
a pair of brackets, but as soon as he
turned the 3-year-old over to Tom Ryan
and departed for his Southern home, th«
gelding looms up as a stake winner.
According to the Sacramento delegation
Fleur de Lis was afflicted with all sorts of
ailments, but it is a noticeable fact that
when her odds reached 5 to - they were
pounded down to 2 to 1 in short order.
Starter C. F. Fitzgerald seems to be in
big demand in the East, a number of rac
ing associations being- alter his services.
He will begin the season at the Aqueduct
track, which opt'ns on April rri.
Racing will begin around Chicago at,< in
May 5, when the Lakeside track opens.
DAUGHTERS OF LIBERTY.
Last Friday night California Council
gave a masquerade in the Laurel Hal! of
the Shiels building, and there was a large
attendance, both of maskers and onlook
ers There were a number of fine cos
tumes, and all had a pleasant time. The
committee of arrangements was com
posed of C. A. Johnson, Mrs. F. Downing,
Miss A. Mclntyre, Miss C. Tatcher and
H. A. Moening.
BUILDERS 1 CONTRACTS.
Equitable Gaslight Company 'owner) with
Darby Ladon & Co. (contractors). architect
none, construction of a wharf 275 feet long- by
60 feet wide on land known as the Selby Smelt
ing Works, being a portion of 60-vara block
259. foot of Hyde and Leavenworth streets;
$3600.
Leopold Kutner (owner) with W. H. and T.
Ktnread (contractors^, architect VT. .1. Cuth
bertson. carpenter work for a three-story frams
building on the N\V corner of Laguna and
O Farrell streets, 94:4 by 26; $ r »250.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CITY VERSUS
THE INTERIOR
The Old-Time Struggle
Has Again Broken
Out. 0
Candidates Have Outlined a
Complete County Ticket
Already.
The Fay Territory Plans to Leave
the Interior Out of Its
Combine.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. March 19.
Until the settlement of the water-front
question and the location of large indus
tries along the estuary, the chief voca
tion in Alameda County will continue to
be politics. As the situation develops it
becomes more and more clear that there
will be a little friction between the city
and the outside districts. In a Republi
can convention the city vote is about
equal to that of the townships, and the
city has got away with most of the of
iices because of an alliance with either
Alameda or Berkeley or both. "She up
per country has always rebelled, but to
no effect, and everything has remained
around the bay, and even then the city
dtMegates have regretted that geographi
cal conditions alone forced the electing
of one Supervisor from Washington and
Murray townships. Oakland grabbed the
other four.
Now there is the usual feeling between
city and country, and even now It is
clear that the interior will have to do
conic active organizing if it is to avoid
K'-ttlng left in the cold at the conven
tion. Of course the Assembly Districts
cannot be invaded by the city candi
dates, but. outside of this, some com
binations have been made that almost
presage a complete ticket.
After being Under Sheriff for twenty -
two years, through administrations of all
shades of politics, Will S. Harlow has
given out that he would like to be boss
for one term. He has often been "men
tioned" in the past, but now he says he is
in earnest. Oscar Rogers, Chief of Police
of Alameda, is also a candidate and has
done a lot of preliminary work, but he Is
somewhat handicapped owing to the en
ergy of Joe Barber, Tax Collector, who
lias already organized a Republican club
in the Encinal town named after himself.
This leaves no doubt about there being at
least one candidate from Alameda, and
with having already a Superior Judge,
Oakland may decide that Alameda must
not be too ambitious. Rogers, however, is
not likely to let any one dictate to him.
There are occasional whisperings that
Assessor H. P. Dalton may be a candi
date for L. C. Morehouse's seat on the
State Board of Equalization. These sug
gestlona are Insincere and seem to be ex
3'loited for the purpose of creating uncer
tainty regarding his position. It is all fol
ly, for Dalton has already declared that
he will seek to succeed himself, and this
should be conclusive.
In the disposal of the other offices Oak
land and Berkeley appear to have already
led upon those who shall fill them.
In sizing up the gubernatorial situation
t -night the Tribune says:
imeda County naturally comes first
snd would doubtless have things pretty
ich her own way if she would only
B on one candidate and make a unit
-rht for him. The way things are
: here now, though, is forbidding for
■iccoss of either Davis or Pardee,
and if they go into convention under the
nt conditions it will be impossible
for either of them to secure the nomina-
However, there is a feeling abroad
that they ■will find some manner of set
tling their differences sooner or later, and
if they do — well, it will be the Alameda
County man against the field."
It ip not all clear, however, how the
I fferences can be settled.
is valid there is no real property.
Primrose and West's Minstrels.
'AKLAND, March 19.— Primrose &
B big minstrel company will serve
to amuse the patrons of the Macdonough
r Monday. Tuesday and We<ln<-s
venings. It is said that while the
Ti.-esent company is practically a new one,
It is equal if not superior to any that
this firm -as yet presented to the public.
A few of those who compose this great
( rganization are: George Wilson, tho
famous mor.ologist; E. M. Hall,
America's greatest banjoist; Manuel
Komaine, vocalist; Waterbury brothers
and Tenney, Ben Mo watt trio, the mar
velous Seymours. Charles G. Weber, Fred
Reynolds, Edward Hanson, John Pieri,
iiarry Ernest, B. C. Carnes and William
Thompson.
Orchestral Concert.*
OAKLAND, March 19.— The Philhar
monic Orchestra, formerly the Congre
gational Sunday-school orchestra, an
nounces anot-er of its high-class con
("rts, to be given on Friday evening,
March 25, at the Congregational -urch,
corner of Twelfth and Clay streets, i'he
orchestra will ue assisted by Beatrice
Priest Fine, soprano, and Ernest .Lent,
the 'cello virtuoso and composer of .eip-
Bic, who will be r.eard for the first time
on the coast at the next Symphony con
cert In San I< rancisco.
Beception to Mr 3. Hearst.
OAKLAND. March 19.— The Ebell Soci
ety will tender Mrs. Hearst a reception in
Us rooms Saturday afternoon, March 26,
from 2 to 5 o'clock. The reception com
mittee consists of Mrs. G. w. Bunnell,
Mrs. J. C. Hays Jr., Miss Jennie Huff,
Mrs. Murrey L. Johnson. Mrs. raul
Lohse, Mrs. E. W. Owen, Mrs. C. T. Ro
dolph, Mrs. Franklin Bangs, Mrs. W. H.
Friend, Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin Mrs. W. A.
Jacobs, Mrs. E. C. yon Helms, Mrs. Wal
lace Everson, Mrs. E. R. Sill, Mrs. E. H.
Benjamin. Mrs. D. W. Gelwicks, Mrs. J.
R Seupham. Mrs. Flelssner- Lewis and
Miss M. R. Babson.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sentMtomen
Tin State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
Buffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with j
any form of sexual weakness resulting
i"rijm youthful folly, premature loss of ;
strength and memory, weak back, vdrico- I
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure j
themselves at home. I
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
dime from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute sue- j
■ ■ In ali cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank I
Building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will bo complied with. The institute i
is desirous of reaching that great c.ass |
ot men who are unaljle to leave home to
be treated and Xhe free sample will en-
them to see how easy it is to be i
cured of sexual weakness when the i
proper remedies are employed. ,The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writi's will be sent a free sample,
cirefully sealed in a plain package so :
that its recipient ne^d have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are \
reuuested to write without delay. I
HE ELOPED
WITH HIS WIFE
Mrs. Fannie Gilchrist Has
Left Her Father's
Home.
Originally Eloped and Was
Married on Christmas
Eve.
Left Her Husband for Seme Months
and Again Flees to Join
Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 19.
The little town of Clayton, across the
county line, has furnished a real elope
ment. It is that of a young husband
and wife who were being kept apart.
The final act in this Contra Costa ro
mance is the sequel to the other elope
ments that occurred about three months
ago.
On Christmas eve Roy Frazer Gilchrist !
and Miss Fannie Rhine, the daughter of
a rancher, were married in this city. The J
bride was supposed to be visiting her sis
ter, and after a few days' honeymoon j
she returned home and remained with her
parents, not telling them of what she had
done. A little later, Miss Fannies sister •
Hilda planned an elopement and was
secretly married in San Francisco. Then j
ih<' story of Loth elopements was made
public.
Even after acquainting her parents with
the fact that she was married, Mrs. Fan
nie Gilchrist was persuaded to stay at i
home. She gave out that she was tired j
of matrimony ajid succeeded in creating i
an impression that her brief married ltfe
had caused her to regard the venture as a
failure. This continued until last Thurs
day.
On that day the train that arrives at
Clayton at 7 o'clock in the evening |
brought Mr. Gilchrist from Oakland. By I
an arrangement, evidently preconcerted, I
the young wife left her parents' home at j
the same hour. A vehicle was procured, I
and the young husband did the Lochinvar
act toward Martinez.
As soon as the girl was missed there
was a hunt; bui -j.r. and Mrs. Gilchrist
had obtained a good start and could not
be overtaken. Even if her parents had I
caught the fleeing husband and wife, they !
could have done nothing. Mr. Gilchrist j
has caused it to be Known that he and his
wife are in a camfortable riew home, Dut
he does not intend to invite a possible i
abduction by letting everybody know !
where it is located. Now both daughters I
are living with their husbands, and the i
Rhine ranch is desolate.
A VERY CLOSE CONTEST.
Oakland High School Middlers Win
the Interclass Field Day/
BERKELEY, March 19.— The regular
semi-annual interclass field day of the
Oakland High School was held this after
noon on the university cinder path. The
contest was one of the closest ever held,
the middlers winning by a total of 41
points, against 40 points for the seniors
and 35 for the juniors. The summary of
events is as follows:
100 yard dash— First, Cadogan, M. ; sec
ond, Weber. S. ; third. Jacobus, J. Time,
10 4-5 seconds.
220 yard dash— First, Cadogan, M. ; sec
ond, Woodrum,' J.; "third, Sumner, M.
Time, 24 1-5 seconds. • l
440 yard dash — First, Cadogan, M. ; sec
ond. Weber, S. ; third, Mock, S. Time,
57 seconds.
880 yard run— First, Harris, S. ; second,
McKislck, S.; third, McCargan, S. Time,
2 minutes 36 seconds.
1 mile First, Jackson, S. ; second.
Westdahl. J.; third, Clough, J. Time, 5
minutes 25 seconds.
Half-mile walk— First, Mills. S.: second,
Fredericks. J. ; third, Munsell, M. Time,
4 minutes 5S 1-5 seconds.
120 yard hurdle — Sumner, M. sec
ond, Harris. S.; third. Cheek, J. Time.
19 2-5 seconds.
22<£yard hurdle— First, Harris, S. ; sec
ond, Morrell, M. Time, 28 2-5 sec.
, Running high jump— First. Colby, M.;
second. Cheek, J. ; third, Nicholson, S.
Height, 5 feet 2 inches.
Running broad jump — Woodrum,
J. ; second, Nicholson, S. ; third, Cadogan.,
M. Distance, 21 feet.
Pole vault — Woodrum, J. : second,
Nicholson, S. ; third, Cadogan, M. Height,
10 feet.
12-pound shot put— First, TVoodrum J. ;
second, Slavlch. M.; third, Harris, S.
Distance, 41 feet.
12-pound hammer throw — First, Wood
rum, J. ; second, Hendrickson; third,
Mills, S. Distance, 125 feet-
Officials: Starter, E. J. Brown; referee,
M. Dozler; measurer. Tom Carroll; timers
— T. Hamlin. R. Woolsey and H. Spencer;
judges at finish— W. F. Hall and F. La
motte.
BERKELEY'S NEW PAPEB.
Striking Printers Publish the First
Number of the Daily Press.
BERKELEY, March 19.— "The Berkeley
Daily Press," an evening paper published
by the "locked-out printers of Berkeley,"
made its first appearance this evening.
Charles L. Andrews is editor, C. F.
Guenther business manager, and Ben
jamin Hamilton the assistant business
manager .of the new paper, which, it
announces, is edited and printed entirely
by the locked-out printers. The strikers,
iri the salutatory editorial of their paper,
say: "We are 'here to stay' — so long as
legitimate business methods will justify
our doing so. If we cannot make both j
ends meet, we shall not act like the dog
In the manger— we will step out of the
field, leaving, it to some one who may be
able to profit by the experience of his ;
predecessors."
A third walk-out of printers occurred
in the Gazette printing office to-day. Last
Thursday the non-union men who had
taken the places of the strikers, walked
out. Seven more non-union men followed
them to-day. Business Manager Louis i
Borkheim of the Gazette stated this even- |
ing that the strike was off — that a con- '
ference had been held with the Oakland
Typographical Union, and that the difß
eolty had been adjusted.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 19.— The Berkeley
High School defeated the California
School of Mechanical Arts in a baseball
game on the university campus this morn
' ins by a score of 16 to 4.
The university co-ed basket ball players
defeated a team from the Lowell High
I School, San Francisco, in Harmon gym
' nasium this morning by a score of 9 to 3.
The report of Baseball Manager L. M. i
Farish for the last season has been ac
cepted by the executive committee of the
University Athletic Association. At the i
last meeting of the committee the report I
was criticized, but upon investigation it
was found to be satisfactory.
Rev -J K. Harrison will preach to-mor
row morning at the Park Congregational
Church, Lorin, on "Gambling."
'BNhop Nichols will administer the rite
of confirmation at St. Mark's Episcopal
Church of Berkeley to-morrow morning.
Validity of a Trust Deed.
OAKLAND, March 19.— Andrew Corri
gan has filed a petition for letters of ad
liniHtration upon the estate of Anna
C Dunham. She died a year ago to-day,
leaving personal property valued at $2300
and an uncertain interest in real estate
valued at $1500. On March 12, 1884, she
gave a trust deeed to her husband. If it
Dora Streuber in San Francisco.
OAKLAND, March 19.— Mrs. Dora
Streuber, who has been missing from her
mother's for two weeks, was found in
San Francisco Thursday night. A coach
man saw her at the theater Wednesday
evening and agreed to meet her the next
night. He informed her mother, and was
told to keep his agreement and turn her
over to a policeman. He did this, and she
■will be sent to a reform school. She le
but 17 years old. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
OPPOSES A TUG
BOAT WEDDING
Mrs. Church Applies to
the Courts for a Legal
Separation.
Her Boy and Angie Foster Ran
Away From High
School.
After the Elopement They Went to
the Islands, but Could Not
Live on Love.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 19.
The marriage of two children on a
tugboat outside the heads is to be le
gally annulled.
About a year ago Albert T. Church
and Angie Foster, two students of the
Oakland High School, who believed they
were deeply in love, went outside the
Golden Gate and were supposed to be
married. Mrs. S. J. Church, the groom's
mother, has filed an action, in which she
states that her son, who was but 16
years of age, evaded the jurisdiction of
the courts, and purports to have been
married on the high seas. She asserts
that the so-called marriage was not sol
emnized by either a Justice of the Peace
or any other competent official, and that
no license was issued for the marriage.
He did not procure his mother's con
sent, and she asks that the alleged mar
riage be declared null and void and that
her son "may be dealt with according
to law"— whatever that may mean.
After the marriage the young people
went to Honolulu, and young Church
tried to work to support himself and
wife. He took what , little money he
possessed with him, but it soon gave
out, and the children found that the
island was not a desirable place for ro
mantic youngsters.
They remained in Honolulu for several
months, and when starvation faced them
they were sent money to come back to
Oakland. For a time they kept in the
background, and their parents provided
for them.
The young wife is now sto^-^e with
her parents, and the boy-husband, not
yet 17, is at a boarding school outside of
this city, and every effort is made to
keep the children apart. The fact that
Church wot not of age will of course se
cure the annulment of the marriage. The
lad's mother is his guardian, and she as
serts that at present he has no means of
subsistence except that which she gives
him. The boy is not opposed to the action
of his mother, and if he were it would
benefit him nothing, as only with her con
sent could he fight the suit.
It Is stated that the young folks are as
much in love with each other as ever,
and that should the marriage be annulled
they will remarry as Boon as they are of
legal age.
VARSITY DEFEATS ALUMNI.
Score 10 to 4, With Plenty of Errors
on Both Sides.
BERKELEY, March 19.— The Univer
sity of California baseball team defeat
ed the alumni nine on the campus this
afternoon. The game -was full of errors
by both teams. The disposition of the
players on the alumni team was changed
at the end of almost every inning.
Kaarsberg pitched well, holding the al
umni down to six hits. >-he work of the
two s-ortstops, McCabe and Mertes, was
a feature of the game. The complete
score of the game follows:
CALIFORNIA. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaren, 2b 4 2 2 1 5 2 0
Meln, c 4 1 0 0 0 4 0
Hoag. Cf 6 2 2 0 2 0 0
Collins, rf 3XOIOOO
Bride, lb 4 2 1 2 16 1 0
Kaarsberg. p 4 1 2 0 1 1 0
McCabe, 89 4 0 0 0 0 9 2
Cheseborough. 1f. .4 1 3 2 1 0 1
Baer, 3b 5 0 2 0 2 4 6
Totals 38 10 12 6 27 21 8
ALUMNI. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Heller, cf, c. 1f.... 5 0 0 2 4 1 1
Elston, c. 2b, cf.... 5 0 1 1 2 0 3
Allen, lb, p, c 4 10 0 4 0 1
Bliss, rf 4 10 12 0 0
Gollnsky, p, 1b.... 3 1 2 0 4 1 0
Mertes, es 8 0 1 0 3 6 2
Ireland, If. cf 4 0 1 0 4 0 1
MiKee, 3b 4 0 0 0 12 1
Wheeler, 2b, p 4 110 2 11
Totals 86 4 6 4 «26 11 10
•Kaarsberg out for not touching second.
SCORE BY INNINGS.
California— 123456789
Runs *.3 2 0 10 112 o— lo
Hits 0 8 0 1113 1 2—12
Alumni —
Runs 3 00001000—4
Hits 2 11002000—6
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— California 1. Two-base hit-
Wheeler. Three-base hits— Gollnsky. McLaren
and Hoag. Sacrifice hit— Hoag. Double plays
— Bride to Kaarsben?, McCabs to McLaren to
Bride, Baer to McLaren to Bride. Bases on
called balls— Alumni 2, California, oft Golin
sky 4, off Allen 3. Bases on hit by pitched
ball— Bride, McCabe and Cheseborough. Struck
out— By Allen 1, by Kaarsberg 2. First base
on errors— California 3, Alumni 8. Pasaed
ball— Elston 1. Left on bases— California 11.
Alumni 7. Time— l:4o. Umpires — Morse and
Follansbee. Scorer — Crawford.
MOVE TOMPKINS SCHOOL.
New Location Secured on Castro
Street, North of Seventh.
OAKLAND, March 19.— Arrangements
have practically been made for the ex
change of the Tompkins school site for a
lot of equal area upon Castro street,
north of the Seventh street railroad
tracks. The Lincoln, Cole and Lafayette
schools are overcrowded, and the Board
of Education has taken this opportunity
to secure desirable property in order that
the building could be moved, if the crowd
ed condition continues next term.
The Tompklns School has never served
its purpose. Being: so near to the marsh,
■with such poor surroundings, pupils have
avoided It, Parents have found excuses
to have their children transferred to one
of the other schools In the district, and
there has almost always been room for
200 or more pupils. During the past two
years It has been conducted under the
direct supervision of the head of the de
partment of pedagogy of the State Uni
versity. A change of location would
mean that the 200 additional pupils could
be taught without any additional cost,
as a full complement of teachers are al
ways employed there.
The move could be made at an expense
not to exceed $5000, it is believed. It would
be necessary to cut the building In three
parts to move it and then reunite them.
The consent of the City Council is neces
sary before this can be done, but it is
believed that they will willingly accept
the plans of the board.
Guarded by Policemen.
OAKLAND, March 19.— Officers Dow
ney and Halm have been detailed to
watch Joseph H. Moffett at the Receiving
Hospital during the nights to make sure
that he does not escape. This was done
at the suggestion of Drs. R. T. Stratton
and J. I* Milton, who are attending the
injured man. They claim that he is
physically able to get up and walk off.
Coroner Baldwin is holding off the in
quiry into the death of Mrs. Moffett to
ascertain whether he will recover to
stand trial or not.
Attempted Suicide in Jail.
OAKLAND, March 19.— James Stevens
attempted to hang himself at an early
hour this morning to a gas Jet in the
jail. He was noticed by oiher prisoners,
who notified Jailer Phillips, and he was
taken out and. locked in a cell alone.
Inspection of Beef.
OAKLAND, March 19.— Dr. F. C.
Pierce. City Meat and Market Inspector,
swore to a complaint to-day charging
Fred Becker with violating an ordinance
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Emmanuel Baptist, Twenty-third and 1
left streets.
Rer. J. George Gibson
ing— -
j— "The Spirit of Christ." Even-
A Savior in Time of Trouble."
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods
lorning— -Life' 3 Yoke and Burden." 3
p. m.— Memorial services. Evening— "Our
Day and Our Strength."
German Baptist, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. L. Dietz
Inraing— "Gideon or Divine Strategy."
Evening— Evangelistic Meeting.
Catholic Sailors' Union, foot of
street.
Paulist Fathers
Holy Cross, Eddy and Scott streets.
Father MacGinty
[Morning — Gospel
—Vespers.
of
the
day.
Evening
Our Lady of Guadalupe, Broadway,
Mason street.
Father St. Andrew
Morning— Laetare Sunday,
pers.
Evening — Yes-
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marlßt Fathers
"Christians Are the Children of
." Evening — Vespers and Bene-
St. Boniface, Golden Gate avenue and
street. •'
Franciscan Fathers
Epistle and Gospel.
tlon and Rosary-
Evening—
St. Brlgid's, Van Ness avenue and
way.
Father Cottle
Vespers.
and
Epistle.
Evening —
St. Dominic's. Steiner and Bush streets.
Dominican Fathers
Morning— The fourth Sunday of
Evening— Rosary and Benediction.
Lent.
St. Francis, Vallejo and Montgomery sts.
Father Carraher
;1 and Epistle.
Benediction.
Evening —
'espers ai
St. Ignatius, Hayes street and Van
avenue.
Jesuit Fathers
Morning— Rev. D. Mahoney will speak on
"The Wonders of the Eucharist." Even-
ing—Father Calzia will spealc on "He-
redity and Morality."
: . ,
St. James, Twenty-third and Guerrero
Father Lynch
"When Man Fell God Did Not
i Him." Evening— Vespers.
St. Mary's, California and Dupont streets.
I'i.uilsr Fathers #...
Morning— Sermon by Father Otis.
ing — Sermon my Father Powers.
Even-
St Mary's Catfeedral. Van Ness
and O'Farrell street.
Father Prendergast
Morning— Sermon by Father Hannlgan.
3 p. m.— ("alvarian Society. Evening— Ser-
mon by Father Dempsey.
St. Paul's, Twenty-ninth and Church
Rev. Father Connolly
Morning— Mission to be conducted
Fathers Younan and Wyman.
by
St. Peter's, Twenty-fourth street,
Alabama.
Father Casey
Morning— Closing of the mission by
Jesuit Fathers. Evening— Vespers.
the
St. Patrick, Third and Mission streets.
Father Kane
E ven I ng — Vespers.
Bethany Congregational, Twenty-flfth
Bartlett streets.
nev. W. C. Pond
Horning— Rev. W. W. Madge will preach.
Evening— "Difficulties in the Way of Be-
coming a Christian."
Bethlehem Congregational,
and Vermont streets.
; 1
Rev. W. H. Tubbs
-ninjr— "Lovest Thou Me More Than
hese?" Evening— "From Whence Come
'ars and Fightings Among You?"
First Congregational, Post and Mason
Rev. G. C. Adams
lorning— "lt Jesus Came Now What
Would He Find?" Evening— "Heroes In
the Cause of Temperance."
*
Olivet Congregational,
Noe streets.
Seventeenth
Rev. H. T. Shepard
-"The Bible and the Public
." Evening— "Fruit Bearing."
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton
lorning— Rev. W. H. Scudder. former
pastor of this church, will preach.
Evening— "Boldness In Coming to the
Thmne of God."
Richmond Congregational. Seventh
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
'Children and 'the State." Even-
vercoming the World."
inp:— '
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
— "Ignorance and Knowledge."
g — "Other People's Conscience."
Church of the Advent, Eleventh and
ket streets.
Rev. J. A. Emery
Morning— Regular service,
night.
Evening — Choir
/
St|»Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay st.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
Morning — Holy
Bvensong.
Communion.
St. Paul's, California street, near Stelner.
Rev. W. M. Reilley ."
Morning— "Self-examination."
"The Beatitudes."
First English Lutheran, Geary street.
Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander
ing — "
"Turning Points in Life." Even-
le Agony in Gethsemane."
Bethel African M. E., Powell street, n
Jackson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
Morning— "Bad Promise Better Broken."
Evening— "This One Thing I Do."
California Street M. E.,
Broderick streets.
Cellfornia
Rev. J. W. Phelps
[omlng- "Is Orthodox Christianity Losing
its Grip on th? People?" Evening— "Some
Things Repentance Will Not Do."
Central Methodist.
Sixth.
Mission street.
Rev. C. E. Locke
lorning— "Love's Sacrifice," followed by
Holy Communion. Evening— "What Can
■Woman Do? or Lessons for the Woman-
hood of America From the Remarkable
Career of Frances Willard."
Epworth M. E-, Church and
streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
Morning— Special sermon. Evening— "St.
Patrick's Day and its Lesson."
Fifteenth avenue M. E., Fifteenth
6outh and P street.
Rev. H. N. Pearce
"The Why of the Christian—
st'sSake." Evening — "Losing to
■ •
Gain."
First M. E., Powell and Washington sts.
Rev. W. 8. Urmy
-Class meeting. Evening— Preach-
th° pastor.
Grace M. E., Twenty-first and Capp
Rev. J. N. Beard
Morning— "Redeeming the Time."
I ir.if— "Purity."
Even-
Howard street M. E., Howard and
streets.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
"The Now and the Hereafter of
?emed." Evening — Praise service.
the
Potrero M. E., Tenn vfsee and Solano
Rev. D. W. Chilson
school.
6:20 p. m. — "In-
temperance.'
Richmond Church, Fifth
Point Lobos avenue.
avenue,
neai
Rev. A. Anderson
p. m. — Sunday school for old and young.
Evening— Services conducted by the pas-
tor.
Simpson Memorial, Hayes and
streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
Mining— "Soul Winners."
i ("lear Case of Heresy." .
Evening— "A
Trinity M. E., Sixteenth, Market and
streets.
Rev. H. W. Peck
! Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
I —Praise service, "The Christian's Duty."'
Calvary Presbyterian, C-.-ary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphill
Morning— "Jesus, Thou Art £
Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue
Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
by the Pastor. Even-
a Word From God?"
•A *'■'-- %. '■■'■
ing— "ls the
First United Presbyterian, Golden
avenue and Polk street.
Rev. M. M. Gibson
ling — Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
he Sermon the Trees Preach."
Stewart Memorial, Guerrero street.
Twenty-third.
Rev. W. E, Dugan
g— "Christianity a Religion of Jny."
ing— "The Klondike of Humanity."
Trinity Presbyterian,
Capp streets.
Twenty-third
Rev. A. N. Carson
[orning— "The Transforming Power of the
Gospel of Christ." Evening— "Seeking the
Lord."
Westminster Presbyterian. Tage and
ster streets.
Rev. S. S. Cryor
rorning— "Awake, Thou That Sleepest."
Evening— Frances E. Wlllard Memorial
service.
First Unitarian, Franklin and Geary sts.
Rev. H. Stebbins
.11 are cordially invited.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp sts.
Key. A. J. Wells
tornlng — Rev. J. 11. Whitmore of Boston
will speak. Evening — Rabbi Voorsanger
will speak on "Problem of the City."
Bush street Temple, Bush and Laguna
Rabbi Myers
Rvenlng— Sunday sermons will be discon-
tinued for a short time.
Flrst Church of Christ, S.ientlst. 223 Sut
ter street.
The Bible and Science and Health, with
Key to the Scriptures
•"The Beheading of John the Bap-
tlst."
Reorganized Church of Jesus. Chrißt,
Market street. /
C. A. Parkin
Morning 1 — "Truth." Evening— "Who Then
j Shall Be Saved?" v
Salvation Army, 1139 Market street.
Major E vans
.Morning and evening — Saving: souls and
i song service.
Theosophlcal Society, Market and
streets.
H. P. Blavatsky
.Evening — "Man and His Destiny."
Y. M. C. A., Ellis and Mason streets.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
p. m. — "Gambling."
West side Christian,
Devisadero.
Bush street.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
Evening — "Bap-
tism."
quiring all beef offered for sale to be
first passed upon by the United States
Government Inspectors. He states that
Beveral dealers here sell beef which has
not been passed upon by the Govern
ment Inspector. All cattle butchered in
the slaughter-houses upon this side are
inspected, but some from across the bay
are not.
Exposing Its Clients' Accounts
OAKLAND. March 19.— Attorney Moore
accused Receiving Teller Burdick of the
London Paris and American Bank of San
Francisco of giving their clients' business
away in the Harris-Ames case this morn
ing without asking their permission. The
sensation caused by this accusation and
the war of words that followed produced
some excitement. Th* case has dragged
along so that but few were present at the
time.
Coming Bicycle Events.
OAKLAND. March 19.— The five-mile bi
cycle race between Wyman and Wing
takes place to-morrow at the Elmhurst
Recreation grounds. Wing and Smith are
pitted against each other for April 3d, and
"piuirmsr" Bill Martin of the Encinal Club
will ro against W. A. Ton-11l of the Bay
City Club on April 9th. Martin has Just
returned from a two-year stay in Aus
tralia This will be his first ride since his
return. He went in training to-day.
The Union Printers Win.
OAKLAND, March 19.— At a Joint con
ference to-night between the executive
committee of Typographical Union No. 36
an™ 1 Borkheim and F. W. Marquand.
the two representatives of the Berkeley
papers, the latter surrendered and grant
ed the terms of the striking printers.
Both gentlemen signed the typewritten
documents agreeing to abide by union
rules for one year. This was signed for
the printers by H. H. Green, their chair
man. _ .
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, -larch 19.— The preliminary
examination of L. H. Wolfe, charged with
stealing an ammeter from the electric
railway power-house, will be held before
Justice Morris on Thursday morning
' "^August Brockstedt, a ship-carpenter,
aeed 55 years and a native of Germany.
' died on Thursday at hia residence, 1602
1 Benton street. His remains will be cre
i mated to-morrow at the Odd Fellows
Cemetery in San irancisco.
The Recreation Club's handball tourna
ment will be continued next Tuesday
evening. There were some lively games
last evening:.
The women's missionary social of the
First Methodiat Church last evening was
largely attended and was a complete suc
cess. A goodly sum was realized for tne
cause.
A reception was tendered to Mrs. M. S.
Severance at her uome, 1832 Clinton
avenue, on Thursday afternoon, prior to
her departure for the north.
A movement is on foot for a wider
measure of instruction in manual training
in the pu~.ic schools of this city.
A marriage license has been issued to
R. W. Turpin and iss Lulu M. Robinson
of this city.
Moffett a Murderer.
OAKLAND. March 19.— Coroner Baldwin
held an inquest to-night on the body of
Mrs. Moffett. A verdict of murder against
Moffett was rendered by the jury.
NO BELIEF FOR McINTOSH.
His Habeas Corpus Case in the
Supreme Court a Failure.
Attorney B. W. Mclntosh is in the
same predicament a* the parrot that had
been talking too much. He is stripped
of his dignity and will have to stand the
punishment for monkeying with Judge
Carroll Cook in the matter of trying to
sell an alleged bogus confession of his
client, Albert Hoff, who is now on trial
for murder. Judge Cook on Friday
fined the attorney $000 and sentenced him
to five days' Imprisonment for peddling
the so-called confession of his client to
the editor /fend a reporter of an ochre
colored paper given to sensationalism.
In this he acted in bad Tfaith with his
client and interfered with the course of
justice so far as the court was con
cerned, and he went to jail for it.
Yesterday Mclntosh made an attempt
to secure his liberty from the Broadway
bastile by suing out a writ of habeas
corpus in the Supreme Court, but there
ho was no more successful* than in the
lower court. He was represented by
Attorneys Black and Hill, while the
lower court and the people were repre
sented by Deputy District Attorney Hos
mer and ex-Judge Murphy. The peti
tioner claimed that the lower court had
no jurisdiction of the alleged contempt,
and that the action of contempt was
without the hearing of the court, and
that It had no bearing on the outcome
of the case. Attorney Black argued,
conceding that Mclntosh did lie to the
reporter and did tell him that he had
Hoff' s written confession, when as a
fact there was none made, that could
not be construed as a contempt of court,
especially when the conversation com
plained of was at night, on the street
and without the presence of the court.
The further contention was made that
the proceedings were irregular in that
there waa no title given to the proceed
ings of contempt, and that the state
ment in the affidavit of the reporter
was not sufficient to show Judicial
knowledge of the contempt.
The contention opposing the petition
was that the affidavit of the reporter
showed that McTntosh attempted to ex
tort money from a newspaper by offer
ing to sell what he did not possess, if
no confession was made, and if one was
made, he was the principal in an at
tempt to disturb the course of the court
at the time of the trial of Hoff. In
either case he was guilty of contempt
Attorney Murphy argued that the peti
tioner was not guilty of carelessness in
talking to a reporter as he did, nor was
it negligence. He was guilty of a crime
and deserving of punishment. The Su
preme Court Justices also thought so,
for they dismissed the writ and ordered
the disgraced lawyer into the custody
of the Sheriff. *
CHARGED WITH BURGLARY.
John Hart Accused of Looting a
Store on Bryant Street.
John Hart was arrested early yesterday
morning at his father's, house on Bryant
street, between Eighth and Ninth, by De
tectives Ryan and ODea and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of burglary.
He is accused of breaking into the store
of J. J. Ryan, 961 Bryant street, last Sun
day morning and stealing twenty-eight
boxes of cigars, two boxes of tobacco, sev
eral packages of cigarettes, a chest of tea
and a shotgun. Entrance was effected by
cutting off the bars tnat protected a rear
window and forcing open the window
with a "jimmy."
Hart has been identified as the man
who sold twenty-one of the stolen boxes
of cigars to a saloon keeper under the
I-,indell House on Sixth street. Hart has
served a term for stealing from railroad
AUCTION SALES.
IMPORTANT AOCnON SALI.
Hardware merchants and dealers In cutlery
and paints, please take notice that un March
29, at 11 a. m.. on the premises, 1011 Bruadwny,
Oakland. I will sell at public auction the en-
tire stock of hardware, cutlery, paint and fix-
tures. This stock is new and well selected.
M.. Cashmore is going to the Klondike imme-
diately. Stock will be sold as a whole without
reserve or limit; sale positive.
M. GERMAIN', AuctioiV'.T.
HAT RESTRICT
HORSE RACING
Special Committee Votes
for Forty-Eight Days
Only.
Pacific Jockey Club May Re<
move Across the Bay
to Emeryville.
A Number of Supervisors Known
to Be in Favor of the
Order.
If an ordinance that will be recomi
mended at to-morrow's session of the
Board of Supervisors is adopted racing
in San Francisco wil' close for the
present at least, and those who desire
to witness or wager on the running of
the bangtails will have to journey to
Oakland to witness the sport.
The special committee to which was
referred Supervisor Clinton's order re
stricting racing to forty-eight days in
each year and abolishing such institu
tions as ladies' days met yesterday,
those present being Supervisors Clinton
and Kivers.
Supervisor Smith, who is against re
stricting racing, wa^ ..iavoidably ab
sent.
Supervisor Rivers stated that as long
as his own order entirely ohibiting
racing had failed to pass he was in
favor of Supervisor Clinton's substi
tute. He thought that racing as now
conducted — on a pool-selling basis— wai
prejudicial to the be interests of the
community and should be restricted if
it could not be altogether abolished.
Supervisor Clinton supported his
measure in a similar v !: stating that
he had heard that *" - nrofits of the
Ingleside track during the past year
had reached the enormous sum of 5400,
000 and that such an expenditure could
not help but be a drain on the finances
of the city, particularly as the book
makers were also making immense
sums from their onerations.
By the votes of the two Supervisors
present it was decided to recommend
the Clinton order for passage at to
morrow's meeting. A number of votes
among them, that of Supervisor Shee
han, have been pledged to its support.
The proposed ordinance is as follows:
Order No. — , determining and restrict
ing the time in which poolselling. book
making or betting on races or other con
tests between horses on racetracks may
be conducted.
Whereas, the practice of horse racing
as formerly carried on in this city and
county was intended to and did en;ourage
the breeding of fast horses, and such
emulation so engendered was of some
material benefit to the State; and
Whereas, While the same reason is
given for the continuance of race meet
ings, it now appears and the results
show that the great success of thesu
trials of speed of different horses is be
cause of the interest taken by the young
and old of both sexes in the purchase oi
pools and in the making of bets and
wagers; and
Whereas, The fact appears that, not
satisfied with the attendance of the
male and female patrons that ordinarily
attend such meetings, the managers or
proprietors of the racetrack, in order to
enlist the interest of and secure tho
patronage of women, have what is
called a "ladies' day, on which occa
sion ladles have free admission; and
Whereas, The evil results engendered
by the hope of gain on racetracks are
apparent in the disruption of homes, the
dissipation of savings, recklessness as
to moral and social relations and ulti
mately to crime and ruin; and
Whereas, It is incumbent upon this
board to restrict at least the time in
which such practices may be carried on.
as a means of protection to those per
sons, young or old, who are unable to
exercise control over their dispositions
to acquire money by the hazard, excite
ment and allurements held out; there-
The people of the city and county of
San Francisco do ordain as follows:
Section 1. The selling of pools, or
bookmaking or making bets or wagers
wherein money or other articles of value
are staked or placed on races or other
contests between horses within a ra.ee
track in this city and county is hereby
restricted to and for a period of forty
eight days in any one year.
Section 2. No person or persons,
manager, proprietor or corporation
owning or controlling any racetrack
shall allow free admission or any reduc
tion of the usual fee charged for ad
mission to the said racetrack, on any
day on which pools are sold, or books
or wagerrf are made wherein money or
other articles of value are staked on
races or other contests between horses
within said racetrack or elsewhere.
Section 3. Any person violating any
of he provisions of this order shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and
upon conviction thereof shall be pun
ished by a fine of not more than $500 or
by Imprisonment of not more than six
months, or by both such fine and impris
onment.
Should the measure pass, as its sup
porters anticipate, the Ingleside man
agement will remove to Oakland, as it
is understood that the California Joc
key Club has tendered its track to the
Pacific Club. This will make contin
uous racing at Emeryville until the
season closes.
A SILVER WEDDING.
L,. G. Schord, who is well known hi fra
ternal circles of this city, being connected
with the Masons. Odd Fellows, Work
men and Druids, being past supreme nobla
un.h. and Mrs. Schord, on last Friday
celet rated their silver wedli lg annivc;
si'-y in their handsome residence, lUii
Golden Gate avenue. The home had beci
ye -y tastefully decorated for the occasion
with flowers and evergreens, and the
basement was converieu into a ballroom,
made gay with buntinp garlands and col
ored Japanese lanterns. There were
present many friends* of the celebrants,
who tendered their congratulations and
presents of silverware. At midnight
there was served in me large parlors a
line supper.
Those who responded to the invitations
extended were: Judgn and Mrs. George
H Bahrs, Dr. and Mrs. R. G. Wenzel,
Mr and Mrs. M. A. Christesen, Mr. and
Mrs. S. Bernard, Captain and Mrs. A. iC.
Freese, Mr. and Mrs. A. Mcßoyle, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Bley, .r. and Mrs. W. A.
Samuel, Mr. and Mrs. N. P. Ludviprsen,
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Bley, Misses Camille
and Minnie Bley, Mrs. L,. Cavallier, Mrs.
C J- Pabst, Misses Maud and Daisy
Pabst, Mr. and Mrs. "William Ward, Miss
May Ellis, Miss Florence Mayers, A. Mc-
Boyle Jr., Melville A. Bley, Miss Clara
Schord, Miss Solome Jonnson, A. Fergu
son, Sanford Lewald, Robert Haight,
Merritt Robinson, David Wise, William
Hook, Miss Maybel McFadden. Miss Nel- '
lie Martlanu, Miss Kate Byington. Miss
May Folsom. Miss Maude Folsom, Mr.
and Mrs. James P. Whitney. Louis v.
Schord Jr.. Milford Schord, Robert
Schord and William Schord.
1516
BIG PROFITS
ON A SMALL
CONTRACT
The steam - Heating Work for the New
Ferry Depot Proves to Be a
Bonanza.
Peculiar Acts That Met With the Approval of
Commissioner Colnon and Architect
Swain.
The accessible records relating to the
acts of the members of the Board of
Harbor Commissioners In connection
with the construction of the ferry build-
Ing are complete. They fail to show
the motives that actuated the Commis
sioners in ordering' changes that result
ed in much gain to the contractors and
a proportionate loss to the State.
Such as they are, however, the rec
ords establish one important fact. They
show that not one of the dozens of con
tractors were allowed to go away empty
handed when a request was made for
some change that meant the acquisi
tion of many unearned dollars by the
petitioner. Architect Swain always
recommended and Commissioner Col
non always approved. Their unity of
ideas was only equaled by the accord
with which the recipients of their favor
repeated their raids on the public
purse.
As it was with the stone, iron and
wood contracts, so it was with that
contract for installing the steam-heat
ing plant in the big building. The
Board of Harbor Commissioners and
Architect Swain have given their offi
cial sanction to numerous changes not
contemplated by the original plans and
specifications, and in every instance the
State was the loser by the operation.
As the work now stands, the building
is fitted with a steam-heating plant
■wholly inadequate to the purpose for
•which it was intended, ajid this in the
face of the fact that everything needed
or desired was called for by the plans
and specifications under which the con
tract was let.
When bids on the steam-heating ap
paratus were called for the general
opinion was held by members of com
peting firms that the specifications for
this work were prepared by the rep
resentative of the firm that secured the
contract. This alone was considered
to be a great advantage to that firm
in bidding.
The specifications, when prepared,
■were so written as to mislead intend
ing competitors, and were an elabor
ately worded description of the com
plete apparatus. Bidders were instruct
ed to bid on the Installing of the pip
ing pystpm, it being stated that at a
later date bids would be asked for the
work of putting in the boilers and also
for furnishing and setting the radia
tors.
It was found, when the bids were
opened, that the variation In the
prices named was considerable, they
ranging from $5200 to $9700. W. W.
Montague & Co. secured the contract
at the lower figure, which at the time
was considered by the other bidders
to be a ridiculous sum for the work
called for by the specifications. In '.his
casp, as in others, there appears to
have been a wide difference between
what was promised and what was per
formed. So striking: is this difference
thot there seems to be good grounds
for the conclusion that it is due either
to the ignorance, neglect or collusion
of those in authority.
In this instance it does not require
the services of an expert on steam
heating to detect the lack of adher
ence to the terms of the specifications.
A few of the most glaring cases will
be sufficient to show the full character
of the completed work.
The clause In the specifications relat
ing to the system of piping reads as
follows:
The system of piping will be known
as the low pressure, single pipe sys
tem, except for the ground floor, which
will be double pipe, the returns being
one size smaller than the now on the
two-pipe system. • • * The main
steam supply pipe will be eight inches,
from the boiler to the main building,
and there divide into two 6-lnch pipes
running right and left to main supply
branches, these mains to be reduced
proportionately as radiator risers are
taken off them. • • ♦ Sizes of bleed
ers and return pipes to receiving tank to
be of ample size to thoroughly and
quickly relieve flow pipes from water,
bo that the system at all times will be
thoroughly drained and freed from con
densation. • • • Each radiator air
valve will be connected with a %-inch
drip pipe to run and empty into waste
pipe where directed.
A careful examination of
ihi» work »howM that the **two
|>ipe" NTNifin for the entire
ground floor has been omitted,
thuM leaving: out about half of
the work contracted for.
The air pipes are consplcucua
by their absence.
The clause in the specifications re
garding the covering of pipes reads as
follows:
All pipes and fittings throughout are
to be covered with magnesia sectional
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IALT
Most torturing and disfiguring of itching,
burning, scaly skin and scalp humors is in.
■tantly relieved by a warm bath with Ccti-
cciia Soap, a single application of Cdticura
(ointment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of Cuticcra Resolvent, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures, when all else fails.
:• »old throughout the world. Porrn D»ro An One :
Com-., Prop*., Bonon. - How to Cure gilt Bbaaß," ttn. ■
FIIS IN n II AIR rimpUStem, JUby Bleraliht^
pipe covering, in all respects eQual, in
the Judgment of the architect, to the
sample on file in his office. Pipe cov
ering to be put on by experts in that
line.
According to the above, all pipes
were to be covered with magnesia.
An inspection of* the com
pleted work who vfn that all the
return pipe* hurled in the
floor are devoid of* covering,
being: simply laid in trenches,
no regard lia v ing? been paid to
thecorering clause.
Perhaps the most glaring fraud in
connection with this contract is shown
in the trenches made for the reception
of the return pipes. The specifications
read as follows:
Trenches are to be cut by this con*
tractor (heating contractor) in the
foundation concrete for his returnpipe«,
neatly finished up with the best Port
land cement and covered with heavy
cast-iron, ribbed, covering plates, set
in flush with finished floor.
These trenches, instead of being cut
large enough to provide of the pipe
with pipe covering cm it, and graded
toward the receiving tank, have been
cut barely large enough in width to re
ceive the pipe, and of a uniform depth
just sufficient to allow for a thin cov
ering over the trenches. The ribbed
cast-iron covers have been omitted al
together.
A rough estimate of the amount saved
to the contractor by three of the omis
sions enumerated is as follows:
I'ipe covering: $1,000
Cutting; trenches 1,2ft0
Cast-iron covers 1,180
Total saving; $3,430
The above estimates are based on the
supposition that the work should have
been done according to the original
specifications as interpreted by theother
bidders. These estimates do not in
clude all of the omissions. The amount
saved by leaving out the two pipe sys
tem on the ground floor and some other
minor omissions should be added. It
would then appear that the contractor
drew out of the State treasury quite a
large sum of money for a small
amount of work.
As before stated, the Board of Har
bor Commissioners let the work on the
heating apparatus in three separate
contracts, the contract for the radi
ators and also for the boilers being let
quite recently. W. W. Montague & Co.
secured the contract for furnishing and
setting- the radiators without competi
tion for the sum of $2927.
The specifications give a list of 105
radiators, aggregating 6500 square feet.
Radiators can be purchased in the open
market In small lots for 30 cents per
square foot, while the radiator valves
would probably not average more than
$2 each. The best automatic air valves
on the market do not cost more than $1
each. These are retail prices. At these
rates the cost of doing the work would
be:
6500 square feet at 30 cents $1930
105 valves at $2 210
105 air valves at $1 105
Setting at 50 cents each 52
Painting radiators at $1 103
Total cost $2422
The contract price for doing the work
was $2927. If $2422 is accepted as the
cost of the work at retail prices, then
the contractor will make a profit of
$505, a very neat return on a contract
of $2950, when it is considered that he
has already made a retailer's profit on
the material used.
BBITISH SAILORS WIN.
Exciting Game of Football at the
Presidio — Victors Entertained.
A very interesting and exciting game
of association football was played yester
day afternoon on the Presidio grounds be
tween the soldiers and a team of sailors
from the British steamship Moana, that
arrived from Australia on the 9th inst.
The soldiers had the wind in their favor
the first half, but failed to score against
their opponents, although the ball on sev
eral occasions was near the sailors' goal.
Once or twice the soldiers' goal was
threatened, but the sailors were unable to
force the ball between the posts. After
an intermission of ten minutes both teams
lined up on the field for the second half,
the sailors having the wind in their favor.
Each team got down to steady work, and
it' was not long before Private Steele
kicked a goal for the soldiers. The game
from this time on was hotly contested on
both sides and soon after McCormlck for
the sailors kicked a goal and made a tie.
The sailor boys were not content with
this, but shortly after rushed the ball to
the soldiers' side and Sailor Williamson
added another goal to the credit of the
British seamen. The final score was 2 to
1 in favor of the sailors. Mr. Hunter,
third officer of the Moana, refereed the
game. After the game the victors were
royally entertained by the soldiers at the
canteen and post restaurant. A return
game will be played a week from next
Saturday.
Following are the names of the players:
Presidio team — Goal, Rawlins; backs,
Dimmick and Keilty; half-backs, Murray,
Brown and O'Merry; forwards, Robinson,
Steele, Smith, Ratchford, Moffitt and
Broderick.
Team from British steamer Moana—
Goal, McArthur; backs, McDonald and
Williamson; half-backs, Cowie, Devlin
and Weatherall; forwards, McCormick,
Campbell, Martin, Mclntosh and Gillespie.
DlmmJck, Steele and Robinson for the
soldiers and McCormick and Mclntosh
for the sailors did excellent team work.
Missing From Home.
Mrs. Olsen, living at 887 Laurel street, J
Alameda, visited police headquarters last j
• night and invoked the aid of Chief Lees j
in finding her husband, who has been j
mising since last Wednesday. Olsen, who j
was a photographer, left his home to I
visit this city. Since then he has not
been seen. His wife fears that he nas
been foully dealt with or has met with ;
some accident.
Marteau-Lachaume Concert.
Henri Marteau, the renowned violinist,
and M. Aime Lachaume will give their
first popular concert in Metropolitan
Temple this evening. A choice programme
will be presented.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1013 AUsalon.
THE SA^ FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
LONG OVERDUE KLONDIKERS.
The N, G, Thurston, Laden With Gold-Hunters From
the Eastern States, Is Behind Time,
MRS. N. BOWLES, ONE OF THE PARTY.
The fifteen gold hunters who arrived from New Haven, Conn., yester
day on the schooner Thomas F. Negus were much disappointed when
they learned that the schooner Nellie G. Thurston from New York, with
another party of Klondikers aboard, had not reached port before them. The
schooners were for two days at anchor together in Playa Parda cove,
Straits of Magellan, and both sailed at the same time for Fan Franciscff. The
Negus, however, put into Valparaiso, but the Thurston came straight on
and should have been here some time ago, according to F. O. Gross of the
former schooner.
The Nellie G. Thurston has nineteen men and one woman aboard. The
latter is a widow named Mrs. Nellie Bowles. She has with her a most
elaborate outfit, including a Winchester- rifle, a revolver and bowie knife,
and plenty of money. In rainy or stormy weather she dressed in oilskins
and long rubber boots and helped the men about the deck- In the cabin
she appeared dressed in the height of fashion and made everybody aboard
toe the mark. At Montevideo she stayed at the Pyramid Hotel, while the
Negus was in port, and gave a banquet to her fellow passengers. The next
day she refused to continue the Journey and declared she was going to pay
$750 to reach San Francisco by the overland route. The schooner was de
layed twenty-four hours and she finally made up her mind to come on.
They were not a very happy family during the first part of the voyage,
and Harry Waters, one of the largest stockholders in th> j venture, left thf
schooner at Montevideo with the intention of going bark to New York and
then coming to San Francisco overland. When the Thurston was in the
Straits of Magellan life aboard was very harmonious.
"I am afraid something has happened to the Nellie G. Thurston," said
F. O. Gross of the Thomas F. Negus yesterday. "She should have reach
ed San Francisco before us, as we stopped several days at Valparaiso. I
Joined the Negus at Montevideo and was in that port when the Thurston
arrived. Rhe had aboard twenty gold hunters, among whom were several
professional men and a young fellow named Miles, t';e son of a millionaire
brewer of New York, and Mrs. Bowles. The latter is a handsome woman
about 30 years of age, and must have had the gold f^ver real bad in order
to start out alone to hunt for riches. The Thurston's sleeping quarters were
in the hold, and a separate cabin was partitioned fff for the lady. Th<»
banquet given by her at the Pyramid Hotel was intended for a farewell
sort of affair, but she changed h^r mind and I saw her sail away with the
rest of them a few days later.
"When the Negus arrived I at once Joined her and we started after the
Thurston. At Punta Arenas, C. Adams, one of our party, left the schooner
and went by steamer to Valparaiso, where he rejoined us. He wanted a.
break in the monotony and he got it, as every day he was in Valparaiso
he was expecting the soldiers of Argentina to cross the mountains and at
tack the town. As soon as the parses through the mountains are clear of
snow I think a war between Ar o vnt;na and Chile will break out.
"We caught up with the Nellie (j. Tnurston in the Straits of Magellan
and spent two days in company in Playa Parda cove. It was a beautiful
spot and a mountain stream gave us a chance to replenish our water tanks.
Mrs. Bowles showed that she was a good shot by bringing down a deer and
supplying us all with fresh meat. The Thomas F. Negus and the Nellie G.
Thurston left Playa Parda cove In company and we passed out into the Pa
cific ahead of them. When eighty miles off shore it blew a hurricane and
we had a terrible time of it. After passing Cape Pillar we did not see the
Thurston again. I hope she gets In soon, as I have a number of very dear
friends on her."
Captain J. A. McClure Is in command of the Negus, and he and his
company are bound for Copper River. They will be joined by sixteen others
who are coming out overland, and as soon as all have arrived a start for
Alaska will be made. The schooner sailed from New Haven, Conn., on
November 3 last, and has been 136 days on the voyage. Soon after leav
ing port her water tanks burst and she had to put into the Cape Verde Is
lands to repair them. On December 20 she put Into Montevideo, and on
January 20 she was in Valparaiso. The Nellie G. Thurston is now out 159
days from New York, but as she is not as fast a boat as the Negus the
chances are that she will put in an appearance In a few days.
TOOK TIME BY
THE FORELOCK
German Democrats Have Al
ready Inaugurated the
Campaign of '98.
An Oration by Max. Popper and a
"Hit" in Singing by Miss Connell.
Delegations Present.
The German Democrats are nothing if
not on time, in politics at least. They
fired the first grun of the campaign of
'98 last evening, the occasion being that
of an inauguration, entertainment and ball
held at Turn Verein Hall, 323 Turk street.
The "ceremonies" were under the auspices
of the German Democratic Central Club,
with Max Popper, the Iroquois brave, as
chief medicine man. A fair-sized crowd
was present and cheered heartily as
shortly prior to the opening of the pro
gramme delegations from the Democratic
Central Club and the Laguna Club
marched in with banners waving and
badges conspicuously in evidence. The
hall was arrayed in holiday attire and
the stage decorated with flowers. At the
back of the stage was placed a large por
trait of William Jennings Bryan, bear
ing the insignia of the Laguna Club.
After aji overture by the orchestra Max
Popper was introduced by Dr. Thiele, the
chairman. The speaker prefaced his re
marks with the statement that it is a
characteristic of the German race to take
time by the forelock. He spoke of the
prominent part taken by German-Ameri
cans In previous campaigns, and stated
his belief that- their influence had always
been thrown on the side of good govern
"Organizatlon at this time," he said,
"is peculiarly necessary. This city need 3
to be freed from corrupt rule and boss
control, and the sooner we go to work to
do it the better."
The feature of the evening's entertain
ment which -seemed to take most with
the audience was a contralto solo by Miss
Lillian B. Connell, accompanied by her
vocai teacher. Professor J. Greven. This
young lady, who is said to be preparing
to make her debut on the stage, possesses
a voice of rare sweetness and strength,
and was encored several time. A soprano
solo b> Miss Lillie Roeder was aJso well
received, as was a duet by both the sing
ers. Other features were recitations by
He.nry Maret and Dr. Thiele, musical
oddities by A. O. Eppler, and a three
riuiiid boxing contest between Max Fen
ner and an "Unknown."
After the literary and musical features
were finished dancing began and was kept
up until a late hour. Rudolph Luders
officiated as floor manager. The commit
tee of arrangements was composed of Dr.
E. Thiele (chairman), August Uhlen
brock, Rudolph Luders, F. Canaris, Henry
Kuhn and Anton Kolligs.
WENT THE PACE THAT EHLS.
Believing That He Had Seen the
World George Curry Took
Carbolic Acid.
George M. Curry, formerly employed by
the California Casket Company, commit
ted suicide at his room, 142 Fourteenth
street, yesterday afternoon by swallowing
carbolic acid.
The following note, addressed to the
Coroner, was left by the man: "I have
went the pace that kills for the past
year, and have come to the conclusion
that there is nothing more to be seen in
this world. Please notify my mother,
who resides at 1915 Howard street, and
oblige. GEORGE M. CURRY."
The mother was notified of the death of
her son, and took possession of the note
before the arrival of Deputy Coroner
J. G. Tyrrell, but later she sent it to the
Coroner's office. It is said that there had
been trouble between the young man and
his mother and that a couple of weeks
ago she had forbidden him the house.
A Sovereign Remedy.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure— One dose will
stop a cough; never fails. Price 25c; all
druggists. •..
Brewers Are Active.
The Brewery Workmen's Union has
been In an unusual state of activity for
the past few weeks, owing to the demon
strations of the syndicate, which Is try
ing to control the local breweries. The
members of the union hardly look upon
the syndicate as their friends, and will
be prepared for any move which may be
made. Secretary \> alters has been par
ticularly vigilant, and througn his efforts
the unions of the coast have been kept
well posted regarding the movements of
the enemy. It Is not expected that the
syndicate will raise the price of beer at
the outset, but, on the contrary, will
lower it, with a view to freezing out
smaller concerns. The various unions in
the city have been communicated with,
and It is expected that In the event of
trouble they will aid tho brewers ma
terially. _" .
SEATTLE
OVERRUN
WITH CROOKS
Thieves Holding High
Carnival in the
Queen City.
Why Schwartz, the Dia
mond King, "Was Not
Brought Back.
Determined Effort of a Superior
Judge to Prevent His
Extradition.
STATEMENT OF WREN.
Loud in His Denunciation of the
Shabby Treatment Ac
corded Him.
Detective Wren, who went to Seattle
to bring back Joseph Schwartz, the
diamond king, for robbing Wolfsohn &
Levingston, jewelers, of $1250, is loud
in his denunciation of the apparent at
tempt of the Washington authorities to
prevent the clever thief from being
made to answer for his crime.
Shortly after it was announced that
the San Francisco authorities would
bring Schwartz back Gorvernor Rogers
of Washington, assisted by Superior
Judge Jacobs, it is claimed, determined
to save the prisoner the humiliation of
being tried for the offense charged
against him. On the arrival of Detec
tive Wren in Seattle he was informed
by a friend that Schwartz had consid
erable money and was using it to save
being brought back to this city. Wren
interviewed Judge Jacobs, and was told
by him that sufficient evidence had not
been produced to show that Schwartz
was guilty of the crime cMbrged.
Realizing that Jacobs Intended to
prevent the extradition of the diamond
king. Wren went to Olympia where he
consulted Governor Rogers. The lat
ter at first paid little attention to him
and in a rather abrupt manner told him
that the extradition of Schwartz de
pended solely on the evidence produced
by the police of this city. Wren tried
to explain to him that Schwartz was a
noted thief and was badly wanted for
robbing a number of jewelers. The fol
lowing day the case came up in Judge
Jacobs' court, and after Wren had
shown the papers, which were signed
by Governor Budd and the District At
torney, he informed the court that
Schwartz was a professional diamond
thief and was badly wanted in this city.
Jacobs, who seemed determined: to pre
vent the extradition of Schwartz, re
marked that the policeman had no
right to arrest him, and that if he had
been in his place he would have killed
him. He then dismissed the case
against the prisoner.
As he left the courtroom the diamond
king sarcastically remarked to the de
tective that he was "too old a bird to
be caught."
Angered at what he terms the evi
dent attempt of Jacobs to save
Schwartz being: punished for his crime.
Wren in disgust boarded the first
train for this city, arriving here last
Friday morning.
To a reporter last night Wren said:
"I knew that Schwartz would make a
desperate fight to prevent his extra
dition and I was amply prepared for
any emergency. As I was leaving the
train I was accosted by a friend who
was thoroughly familiar with the
methods of the Seattle police. He told
me that Schwartz was spending money
and that, in his opinion, he would not
be taken back. Suspecting something
wrong I made ar investigation with
the result that I found that he had
used considerable money in prevent
ing his extradition. . After I had in
terviewed Governor Rogers I became
convinced that I would not be allowed
to bring Schwartz back. I went into
Judge Jacobs' court prepared to make
sufficient showing, but at the same
time I realized that I was up against
it. After a farcical trial Jacobs at
once released Schwartz, notwithstand
ing that I produced papers for his
extradition, which were signed by Gov
ernor Budd and District Attorney
Barnes. During my stay in Seattle
I saw a number of clever thieves who
were plying their vocation apparently
without fear of detection. I was told
by a reliable authority that the town
was overrun with crooks of all descrip
tions. It is possible that the success
ful attempt to prevent the extradition
of Schwartz was due to the fact that
he liberally distributed his money in
the proper channels."
As soon as new papers are prepared
Wren will again go to Seattle in the
hope of locating his man. Schwartz,
who was indicted by the Grand Jury
last Saturday afternoon, it is be
lieved has already left Seattle, know
ing that the police of this city are de
termined to prosecute him for robbing
Wcllschn Levingston.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; w»
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, r. 8 & T.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS
At the meeting of Court Terba Buena
last Tuesday night J. Cummlngs was
elected junior beadle to fill a vacancy. He
and the officers who were promoted at
the previous meeting will be installed
next Tuesday night.
Court Mission as a result of Its smoker
recently given received sixteen applica
tions for membership.
_ ADVEBTISEJMENTS. : •".... ir '" :'■'■' . ■
/^j| 1/11. oUiiin 5
Mm Special Offer
•■iAT^w|yS»#^ To those who begin treatment before April 2, after
S§^SB^PS^fcl^? which date his prices must be increased. He GUAR-
T?|irj^ep^^&^ ANTEES to cure every case he accepts for the price
,<^ \2^t^i£snFfcL quoted below, including all medicines.
Catarrh ........;.........:.$2O 00 \ Piles ! ;. ................ .....$2O 00 I Kidney Diseases ....:. $20 00
Rheumatism .............. 20 00 Paralysis .................. 60 00 Nervous Debility ......... 20 00
; Neuralgia 20 00 Skin Diseases ............. 20 00 Syphilis .'..-................ 30 00
' Sciatica ................... 20 00 Diabetes ............... 25 00 Varicocele 2000
Fistula 30 00 Ulcers (chronic) .......... 4000 Stricture 3000
Asthma .................... 25 00 Bladder Diseases ....... 2000 I Rupture 4000
-Gravel ..........::......... 20 00 Bronchitis ..;..;. .;...v... 20 00 Loss of Manhood :.. .20 00
Consumption; Ist stage... 30 00 Epilepsy or Fits ......... 30 00 Gonorrhoea ....... 10 00
Tape.Worm, ...20 00 Diseases, of Liver ........ 20 00 Gleet ............:.......;.. 15 00
Dropsy...... ........; 30 00 Goitre or Thick Neck.... 30 00 Prostatio Diseases 20 00
Dyspepsia 15 00 : Salt Rheum .............. 25 00 Tumors .........$6O to WOO
Deafness ........... — ...30 00 ' Bright' » Disease .......... 40 00 Cancer ................$75 to $250
: , If incurable you will be told so,; thus saving you time and money. ' ■■■.■-' : - •..■■■
, During the past five months 3572 were examined and 1294; were rejected as incurable.
■ MEN who are Nervous. Despondent, Diseased and Weak from i early indiscretion and excess
in : life readily restored by the Neutralizing System." DISK ASKS OF W O 31 KN treated by an
entirely new and painless method. Those unable to call Inclose history and stamp for reply.
■■- ■■-. ■.-■'-' - « CONSULTATION , AND > ADVICE FREE.
Hours 10 to 12 A. M.." 2to S ana 7t09 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12 a. m. ;-".»
[ DIU. SOPER'S SANITARIUM,^ TAYLOR ST. t e^l^^'fc^
ADVERTISEMENTS^ _^^,
f
*
SPECIAL
ANNOUNCEMENT !
Our Importations for Spring, 1898,
are now all ready for inspection. This
season we offer a most magnificent
assortment of High Novelties in all
Departments.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
BRODERICK WILL
BE ENJOINED
A Friendly Suit to Head Off a
Threatened Deficiency in,
the Treasury.
Phelan Says That Somo of the County
Clerk's Appointments Are Not
Legal-
The Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors decided on Friday to go
to the courts to ascertain how the
threatened deficit in the city finances
can be avoided. Auditor Broderick and
Mayor Phelan were present before the
committee, each anxious to show that
he had done his share in checking reck
less expenditures. The fight turned on
the County Clerk's office, -which the
Mayor has picked out as a mark .for his
attacks. Supervisor Haskins wanted to
know whether or not the Auditor could
refuse to sign any bill that was sent to
him, and Mayor Phelan hastened to re
ply that he thought the Auditor's pow
ers extended that far.
City and County Attorney Creswell de
clined to express an opinion on the Aud
itor's powers, stating that it would be
necessary to look into the law before
expressing any opinion. Then Mayor
Phelan- turned his guns on the County
Clerk and asked the Auditor whether he
would refuse to sign demands from the
County Clerk's office so that he might be
mandamused and the merits of the mat
ter ascertained.
Auditor Broderick replied that he
would not undertake to do anything of
the kind, as he did not know so far as
the law was concerned whether there
were any illegal appointees in the Coun
ty Clerk's office, and if there were any
he had no means of ascertaining which
were outside the law. It was finally de
cided to make a test case and employ an
attorney to bring suit to enjoin the Aud
itor from signing a certain demand, and
by this means throw the whole matter
into the courts.
Fell Under a Wagon.
Michael Kearse, a teamster, residing
at 185 Harriet street, fell under the
wheels of a wagon he was driving near
the Spring Valley Water Works last
evening. The wagon was loaded with
over four tons of various articles, and
Kearse sustained a severe contusion of
the right foot, which may result In am
putation. The injured man was taken to
the City and County Hospital for treat
ment.
FREE TRIALTREATMENT
So certain are the English and German Ex-
pert Speciallßta, of 731 Market St., of the won-
derful remedies that a cordial invitation is ex-
tended to all to come and receive a TRIAIJ*
TREATMENT WITHOUT PAT or without oh*
ligation to pay. ■An Inspection of their moas
em appliances for the < treatment of these ail-
ments will be a real medical revelation to th*
afflicted.
To-day tha practice of the ENGLISH AKD
GERMAN <■ EXPERT SPECIALISTS is the
largest of any specialists in the West, and all
because they ■ cure. WHY - EXPERIMENT ?
d> El CATARRH CURED. <££"
M^V-J ALL MEDICINES FREE.
• If you cannot call at the office send for
symptom -blanks and private books, which will
be sent you SEALED, FREE.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
Incorporated for $250,000.
731 Market Street.
Hours 1-5; evenings, 7-8; Sunday. »-U. ■ \y
000000000000000000
O . . A
q Cash or Little-at-a -Time Payments. V
o $5.50 %
O £kMi&Tix - Next week we _
O 'JWM will sell a highly °
O \WV?\ polished, carved, °
O vP^'lf quarter - sawed O
" 1 tjjjr/^l . oak O
of Wim- HATRACK, *
O £& ■<Q, with mirror, for ?
o Mj«3k' $5- 50
O It W//'l ' An artistic and O
O Vj/lil useful piece of O
n I V'Dk ! furniture for o
A: \ that empty cor- Q-
O A ybjaif^-l ner. n
O - iVWf'i' ■ z.
rt " This adv. mentions ®
** only one bargain — O
O . our store Is full of e\
O 'em. . . v .
% J. NOONAN, I
O 1017 to 1023 MISSION STREET, O
O 516 to 532 MINNA STREET, O
O ABOVE SIXTH. ' O
: a Phone Open jf
V s out 14. Evenings. O
O O
000000000000000000
- — k
IR3fg DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR '
Beß bSh Five hundred reward for any rasa
M"' m •^W :ve cannot cure. This secret remedy
1 ' '■' . .-. . ' II stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
*-23 I fc- m iseions, Impotency, Varlcocele
i l?!n * Bill /o/ on ° r hoe a. Gleet. Fits. . Strictures!
Ota y^JJ Lost Manhood and all wasting ef.
HM WJ/sSi fee of self-abiseor excesses. Sent
■traitor" <¥*. sealed $2 bottle; 3 bottles. Jo; guar
SSl^J^^lv A* 1 " 88 HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, . 86$ Broadway, Oakland. Cat Alsa
for sale at 1073% ■ Market «t., ■8. F. All prU .
. *a(* diseases quickly cured. Sena t9t£n* book.THE San Francisco CALL
ON a blustering day in March,
1874, a man traveling- along the
county road in Sherwood Val
ley, Mendocino County, came to
the Strong Inn and stopped for
refreshments. The man was
acquainted with the place and
he recognized instantly that something
was wrong. He pushed open the door
and found everything in disorder.
There were signs that Mrs. Strong had
been preparing to retire for the night,
but nowhere could bo found any
trace of Mrs. Strong herself. The
watch dog, too, vac X' i very
thing about the plac-t- betokened that
some crime had been committed.
"1 HAD HARDLY PASSED THE ENTRANCE OF THE CAVE WHEN THE SHARP CLICK! CLICK! OF A WINCHESTER AND THE ORDER,
'HANDS UP!' BROUGHT ME TO A STANDSTILL."
On the traveler reporting these things
to the nearest village the citizens gath
ered at the Strong ranch and a. thor
ough search was made to discover
some clew that would throw light on
the matter. It was known that very
bitter feeling existed between Mrs.
Strong and her rich neighbors, Geiger
and Alexander, because Mrs. Strong
would not sell them her land. Several
of the mounted men left to question
and watch Geiger and Alexander,
while the rest of the party continued
the search for the missing Mrs. Strong.
For several days the search was con
tinued without any direct result. Pub
lic excitement grew the while and the
suspicion against Geiger and Alex
ander grew stronger. ; An armed com
mittee was appointed by. the citizens
to watch them and prevent them leav
ing the county.
• • •
An Indian .following. up a slight clew
of the murder in a rough, almost in
accessible, corner of the county, picked
up a piece of comb, such as women use
to hold ■ their back hair in place. -A
* little farther along the trail he came
upon the" body of a dog. A bullet hole
told the story of the dog's death.-
The trail he was following 'became
rougher, but, rough as it was. Ihe In
dian discerned that a horse With a- load
had been driven or led that way. The
path was so rough that it appeared ex-
traordinary, that any rider should, have;
attempted; to traverse | it. I ; : The Indian
Struggled . forward ; hurriedly and * pres- -
REMARKABLE DISCOVERY
OF AN ESCAPED MURDERER
Found by Accident Living Comfortably in a Cave Near the
Yosemite Valley After a Disappearance of 25 Years.
JUST twenty-five years ago this month a lone woman was murdered in
Mendocino County by a rich rancher. The crime was the outcome of a
land fight. D. H. Geiger was suspected of having killed her. He was
in danger of being lynched when the law officers smuggled him into the
j iil of another county. In due time he was tried and sentenced to life
in S n Quentin.
At the time he boasted that he was "worth a million" and would never
suffer punishment.
On the evening of the day on which the Supreme Court .ffirmeJ the
judgment Geiger succeeded in gettinz out of jail, and on the outskirts of the
town ne dropped out of the world's sight Search as they might the offkers
were never able to find a single trace of him. A price was set upon his head
and for twenty-five years that was the end of Geiger.
Now comes the strangest Dart of the strange story.
ently saw the body of a horse. The
horse, like the dog, had been shot to
h. The mysterious trail the track
er was following ended beside the dead
horse.
The Indian knew now that the wil
derness was about to disclose themys
tery connected with the (load dog, the
dead horse and to reveal the strange
purpose that had led unknown per
sons into this wild and brush-covered
spot among the mountains.
Through a near-by canyon flowed a
creek. Instinct led the Indian to
scrutinize the banks of the creek. A
little way off he saw a pile of stones
close to the edge of the creek, lie
went forward wondering more and
more, and stood beside the stones.
At once he perceived that the stones
had been piled there only a little while
before-. It was evident that unknown
persons) had buried something under
neath those stones.
T!n> Indian looked about him and
thought a bit.
As his gaze moved over the scene
his eye was caught by some object
moving In the icy stream, something
white that moved constantly up and
down, up and down, where the stream
brawled its loudest over its stony
bed.
Several of the stones had fallen from
about the pile, and that white some
thing had been laid bare by the run
ning stream.
The Indian stepped nearer, and,
bending down, saw a human foot en
tirely naked and a human ankle. The
water gave the foot constant motion;
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
as if the dead person who slept under
the stones were struggling vainly and
impotently to get away from this hor
rible cairn.
The foot was that of a woman.
The Indian, trembling with his hor
rible discovery, ran back to Sherwood
Valley and told what he had seen. A
posse of armed men quickly organ
ized and followed the Indian back to
the secret grave. They reached the
cairn, uncovered the body and found
all that remained of Catherine Strong.
The discovery of the body started
anew the threads of vengeance and
lynch law, and when the names of D.
H. Geiger and James Alexander were
used strong oaths followed. Several
of the most headstrong broke away
from the group and spurred back to
Sherwood Valley, carrying the story
that Catherine Strong had been taken
from her bed at night and foully shot
to death.
The regular officers of the law real
ized it was time for quick action.
Geiger and Alexander were arrested
at once and lodged In jail, where the
mob could not get at them so readily.
* » *
Geiger and Alexander were partners
In the sheep and cattle business. The
Strongs occupied a quarter section of
land, which cut into one of the Geiger
and Alexander sheep ranges. The sheep
ran upon the land of the Strongs and
the Strong dog, in driving them off,
bit some of the sheep. There were the
usual quarrels.
Geiger and Alexander did their best
to get the Strongs to sell their land,
Several months ago E. M. Bailey, a Berkeley resident, was camping
in the Sierras on the Yosemite reservation. He had known Geiger in the
old days. One day Bailey was out looking for the horses and ran across
a queer looking cave. Filled with curbsitv he started to explore it, but
he had no sooner passed the entrance than the sharp dick! click! of a
Winchester brought him to a halt.
"Hulloa, Geiger," said Bailey, and the two men fell to talking of old
times.
That is the first time that Geiger has been recognized in the last
twenty-five years, though he claims to have visited San Francisco and the
surrounding towns very frequently in that time.
Bailey left Geiger in the secret cave in the Sierras and soon afterward
returned home.
but they steadfastly refused. During
this warfare Strong was accused of
killing some of the Geiger and Alex
ander stock, and was sent to jail. After
this, as was testified later on, Geiger
told H. T. Hatch that strong would
never be able to get the new trial he
Of all the rewards offered
for the recapture of Geiger
at the time of his escape
from the SaQta Rosa jail,
May 25, 1875, the reward of
$500 offered by Governor
Pacheco still holds good.
was seeking. "Mrs. Strong," added
Geiger with a show of bitter feeling,
"uu.i;lit to be where Strong is!"
With her husband in jail Mrs. Strong
was left alone to fight her own battle
against her wealthy and powerful
neighbors. She kept a little inn, at
which there were occasional guests, as
the house was on the main road. There
was no question that she was brave
and obstinate. She flung back just
as taunting remarks as were made by
Geiger and Alexander.
As the time for Strong's release and
return home drew nearer the Jeud be
came more bitter.
"I do not think that it would be any
more harm to kill her," said Alexan-
der to W. T. Blair, alluding to Mrs.
Strong, "than it would be ,to kill a
dog!" «
This remark was remembered when
Mrs. Strong's body was % discovered:
burled under the stones far from her
home.
Had not Deputy Sheriff Joe Stanley,
•who served, the warrants on Geigor
and Alexander, played a sharp trick
there undoubtedly would have been a
lynching. With his prisoners he elud
ed the pursuing parties and landed
them In jail. The two prisoners deemdß
their refuge so dangerous that they
urged their lawyers to use every effort
to have them transferred to the So
noma County Jail.
It is a part of the interesting history
of the case that Constable Hughes, now
living in Ukiah, had received from
Mrs. Strong some time before the mur
der a letter asking protection from
both Geiger and Alexander.
Barclay Henley was employed by
the Supervisors nf Mendocino County
to specially prosecute the defendants.
Geiger, after his arrest, made the
boast, "I have a million dollars back of
me, I'm all right."
He was the only one convicted. He
was defended by a great combination
of legal talent— Judge Terry. W. W.
Pendergast, Judge Lamar and Judge
MeGarvey. Their united ability could
not save him.
Alexander, his partner, was acquitted.
Geiger was found guilty of murder in
the first degree and was sentenced to
imprisonment during his natural life.
The trial took place at Santa Rosa.
An appeal from the decision was
promptly made to the Supreme Court.
In May, ISTS, the judgment was af
firmed.
True to his boast, the judgment did
not hold Geiger. The decision of the
cour^: was made in Sacramento about
4 o'clock by Mr. Justice Crockett. At
7 o'clock Geiger had his affairs and
plans so arranged that he walked out
the Santa Rosa jail without opposition.
So cleverly was the plan handled that
no one suspected his escape till T. B.
Reese, ex-County Clerk of Modoc, then
a law student, reported to the author
ities that he had just seen Geiger on
the outskirts of town. He was the last
man who saw the condemned mur
derer.
That was In May, ISTo, and from tha%)
day, although the officers of the law
have hunted high and low for Geiger,
nothing has been seen of him till last
September, when K. M. Bailey, who
was an officer of the court during the
trial, ran plump into him in a dark
cave in Fresno County.
Mr. Bailey lives in Berkeley. He was
a boy and resided in Mendocino County
at the time Mrs. Strong was murdered.
He frequently saw Geiger and Alex
ander and knew then very well. Mr.
Bailey is the man who has furnished the
facts for the second chapter in Geiger's
remarkable history— that part that
followed the time when he disappeared
as completely as though swept from
the surface of the earth.
Bailey says that Geiger is living with
another escaped convict in a nicely
fitted up mountain cave, that they have
excellent provisions and clothes, to
gether with books, guns and everything
their tastes in luxuries call for; that
Gelger not only visits San Francisco
sometimes, but that he was in the office
of Captain Lees when the latter was
chief of the detective department.
"On the 17th of last September." said
Mr. Bailey, in relating the remarkable
meeting he had with Geiger, "I was
alone in camp at Registration Flat, in
the Yosemite Reservation. An old man,
gray but robust, came down to where
I was sitting before the campflre. Some
thing about him seemed familiar. I
have a good memory for faces and
gradually my memory worked back
through the past till finally I had him —
it was Gelger — but T kept my conclu
»ion to myself. I looked at him until
I was positive of my identification.
Then I began to wonder what had
brought the old man to that spot.
"He remained about the camp some
time, but went away before the other
men in our party returned.
"I had noticed that he had a com
rade. This second man tried his best
to watch us and to remain out of sight
behind the trunk of a fallen tree some
distance from the camp. Evident!-/ he
thought that I had not caught a
glimpse of him. Considering that he
apparently wished to remain unnoticed
and also knowing the character of
Geißer, I felt that I had better keep mjr
.suspicions to myself, and this 1 did
strictly.
"I naturally thought that that would
'.be the la-st of Geiger. but, strange to
say, it was not.
"A few days after this visit our
party crossed the river and went into
camp in the Minarette Mountains. Soon
afterward several of our pack mules
wandered off and I started out to find
them. I took my bearings from a high
peak some distance from the camp. I
had gone some distance through a
canyon, the walls of' which were of
solid rocks, when in turning a little
bend I saw before me the mouth of a
cave. It looked so inviting and inter
esting that I thought I'd just look into
it. ' I had barely passed the entrance
when click! dick! went the hammers
of two Winchesters.
" 'Hands up' 1 shouted a voice.
"I was stunned with surprise, but I
Continued on Page Twenty-six.18
REMARKABLE "GRAFFITO" OF THE CRUCIFIXION JUST DISCOVERED.
Said to Be the Work, of a
Roman Soldier Who Was
on Calvary at the Time.
PROFESSOR ORAZIO MARUCCHI, who for ten years past has
made a special study of the "graffito," has just discovered a
wonderful picture of this style of drawing in the Palace of
Tiberius, on the Palatine Hill, In Rome.
The subject of the picture is the "Crucifixion," and Profes-
Bor Marucehi. after carefully weighing all the details connected with
the picture, is of the linn belief that it was drawn by a person who wit
nessed the scene.
There are three crosses. When the "graffito" was first discovered
the central cross could hardly be discerned, but by careful treatment
of t»e walls it has been brought out much stronger, as has the figure
of Christ with the word "Crestus" abovfe »t-
The inscription is in Latin, and when translated reads: Christ,
having' been beaten with rods, was hanged upon the cross according
to the secret customs."
* OT since the discovery of the
tit "I, (! gia" containing some unpub-
J\J I&hed sayings of Christ has any-
I \ thing been found which compares
in Interest to the student of
I Christian archaeology with the
illeged discovery In the Palace of
Tiberius, on the Palatine Hill, in Rome,
of a "graffito'; representing the Cruci
fixion, which occurred during the reign
of Tiberius.
A "graffito, " it may be said, is a pic
ture or Inscription scratched on the
wall. Making graffiti was a habit to
which the Romans were very much ad
dicted, and owing to it we have been
fortunate in obtaining much informa
tion which we could not have obtained
in any other way.
A distinguished archaeologist, Profes
sor Orazicr Marucehi, the director of
the Egyptian Museum off the Vatican,
has devoted himself for many years to
the study of epigraphy, and now he has
brought himself into great prominence
owing t>> his discovery of the graffito
referred to.
The picture is scratched on the level
of the ground close by the angle of one
of the passages which lie under the
structures adjoining the bridge of Cali
gula, in the immediate neighborhood of
the Clivus Victoriae. The building is
really a gallery made by Caligula to
connect the palace with the Forum.
One reason that even the archaeolo
gist has great difficulty in making out
the topography of the Palatine is that
it is covered with a vast series of sub
structures which supported the palaces
and which afforded rooms and passage
ways for the servants, slaves, and es
pecially the soldiers. At any moment
a large force of soldiers could be con
centrated at any point of danger. It is
conjectured that the graffito is the work
of a Christian slave or soldier who had
witnessed the crucifixion.
It is not surprising that the soldiers
for diversion used to scratch lines and
drawings on the rough plaster of the
wall. The "graffito" of the crucifixion
Is very crude, as is so often the case in
sketches uf this kind.
It is believed that the picture was
drawn by a soldier who took a more or
less active part in the crucifixion of
Mount Calvary.
The figures are about fifteen centi
meters high. At the right and left are
crosses, and soldiers mount ladders
placed against them. Each person in
the great tragedy is duly inscribed
with his name, and "Filetus" was un
doubtedly intended for Pontius Pilate.
The inscription of twelve or fifteen
lines begins with the word "Crestus,"
which is already known as a rough
form of the name of Christ. There is
CORNER POSITION OF THE "GRAFFITO" IN THE BASEMENT OF THE HOUSE OF TIBE
RIUS IN ROME. THE GRATING SEEN IN THE ABOVE CUT WAS ORDERED
PLACED THERE BY THE AUTHORITIES TO PROTECT THE DRAWING FROM CU
RIOSITY SEEKERS WHO THRONGED THE PLACE WHEN THE DISCOVERY WAS
MADE PUBLIC.
considerable doubt as to the meaning
of the rest of the inscription.
* M. Marucehi deciphers part of *
* it: "Crestus, virgis caesus de- *
* cretus mori, super palum vivus *
* fixus est," which is to say: *
* "Christ, after having been *
* beaten with rods, having been *
* condemned to die, has been at- *
* tached living to the cross." *
Various interpretations have been
made of other parts of it, some of the
lines being love verses. It was, how
ever, customary to add to or subtract
from such inscriptions; so this objec
tion of archaeologists does not militate
against the theory that the picture
really represents the Crucifixion.
Some contend that Professor Mar
ucehi is mistaken, and that the scene
represents a ropewalk, but what ob
ject would Roman soldiers have in por
traying a ropewalk, and how does this
do away with "Crestus" and Filetus?
M. Marucchi makes a great point in
showing that behind the central figure
there seems to have been a
third cross, for it is still pos
sible to distinguish a third ladder
running up the same height as the
others and also a third rope hanging
downward like the rest. Other profes
sors say that the "graffito" represents
the preparations for a battle. All
doubts will probably be set at rest
when Professor Marucchi publishes a
pamphlet upon " the subject. This
pamphlet is in preparation.
This is the second "graffito" of great
note that Professor Marucchi claims to
have discovered in the ten years he has
been studying the "graffiti" in the pal
ace of Tiberius. The other "graffito"
was also a picture of the Crucifixion,
in which Christ appeared with an ani
mal's ears on his head. After long and
hard study Professor Marucchi came to
the conclusion that the picture of
Christ was originally drawn by a
Christian soldier and that afterward,
in a spirit of ridicule, some pagan had
attached the drawing of the ears of an
animal to the figure's head. The in
scription under the figure had appa
rently likewise been altered in a spirit
of derision.
A copy of the new "graffito" has been
made by Professor Marucchi and pre
sented to the Pope.
The "graffito" is carefully protected
by a grating, and it is probable that
the study of it may bring some new
details to light, but at the present time
the evidence points to its being an early
representation of the Crucifixion.
The Berliners tell many a story of
Mommsen's absent-mindedness, and he
has ever been credited with not having
recognized his own little son, and with
having asked him his name prepara-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
FAC SIMILE OF THE "GRAFFITO" SKETCHED BY A ROMAN SOLDIER ON THE WALLS OF THE HOUSE OF TIBERIUS. THE INSCRIPTION IS IN
LATIN AND CONTAINS THE NAMES OF FOUR ROMAN SOLDIERS, PILATE AND CHRIST. THE DOTTED LINES REPRESENT A THIRD CROSS /
THAT WAS HARDLY DISCERNIBLE WHEN THE DISCOVERY WAS FIRST MADE, BUT BY CAREFUL TREATMENT OF THE WALL THE OUT
LINES HAVE BEEN BROUGHT OUT STRONGER.
Tory to requesting him not to make
quite so much noise in a public tram
car in which he was going to town
from his home in'Charlottenburg; and
it is even said that he put his first baby
into the waste-paper basket one day
and covered it up because It cried. — St.
James Gazette.
The suicides at Monte Carlo reach an
average of fifty yearly.
STRANGE EXPERIMENTS WITH OUR NERVES.
IT may preatly surprise many per
sons to learn of the fact that
everybody has a blind spot in each
eye. Not only this, but every
person has a great number of
blank or nerveless spots on the
skin in which there is little or no feel
ing or sensation. These facts have
been developed by certain experiments
carried on in Cornell University.
The experimenting professors say
that when you look at a great paint
ing or a play, or a newspaper, or any
thing that comes within the limits of
ordinary vision, you do not see it all
at once. There is a point directly op
posite your individual blind spot which
is invisible to you. It is so in the
best of eyes. The lower animals are
in the same condition.
As to the blank spots on the skin
the professors say that you could be
touched with a hot iron on one of these
places and not feel any pain. Stran
ger still, these spots are scattered all
over the body. They are small in
size, but they are to be found on the
hands, arms, face, chest, legs and feet,
and, in fact, everywhere on the hu
man frame. In order to find them out
and if possible make a map of a man's
blank skin spots, the professors in
Cornell applied scalding water to the
subject's skin. In places the warm
water was too painful to be borne; in
others, it could not be felt at all.
Blind spots are caused by the optic
nerve itself. That which gives to the
eyeball its most vital principle at this
particular point detracts from it.
After all, we really see with the brain.
The eye is merely a camera in which
what we look at is photographed on
the retina, or sensitive plate, at the
back. Now, the optic nerve enters
through the retina, and its very en
trance causes a break in the smooth,
reflecting surface of the retina. It is
of a stringy nature, but the so-oalled
string is by no means round. There
fore it enters the retina by way of
what would be an irregularly shaped
hole. This is the blind spot. The
nerve interferes with perfect sight to
the extent of an irregularly shaped spot
in the retina. This spot, when en
larged through the very natural pro
cess of looking at a white wall a few
feet away, appears, when outlined in
black, very much like a splotch of
ink about as large as a quarter of a
dollar. The shape of the blind spot in
different persons varies, just as does
the size of their heads.
In the laboratory of psychology in
Cornell College there is a map of the
blind spot of the eyes of Professor
Tichenor. It was procured In a very
curious yet very simple manner. On a
blank sheet of paper several feet
square there were drawn eighty mer
idians or lines, extending In a vertical
curve from top to bottom. The sheet
of paper represented an enlarged dia
gram of the retina of the eye. The
subject whose blind spot was to be
found was asked to look straight at
the paper on the wall. A round piece
of black paper one inch in diame*ter
was now produced and was moved
very slowly up and down the merid
ians or curved lines on the wall. By
moving up one line and down the next
and thus going from line to line the
spot of black was sure in the end to
have passed every part of the design
on the wall. While it was being
moved along one of the lines the pro
fessor suddenly cried out:
"Oh, I cannot see it now!"
Then as it proceeded a little further
on he said: "There, now I see it
again!"
Blank or dead spots in the skin are
not so hard to find. They exist all
over the body. When you touch any
thing, or when some hot substance
comes in contact with the skin, you
instantly feel it, because its bulk, in
ninety-nine cases out of a hundred,
covers not only many dead spots
on the skin but equally as many sen
sitive spots. You are in the habit of
supposing that every part of the skin
is susceptible to pain induced by heat
or cold, and therefore you imagine
that every portion of the part touched
is in pain. But if heat or cold can be
conveyed to the skin through some
delicate point of contact it will be
found that in the aggregate some very
extended patches of skin are verita
bly dead.
In Cornell College there is a dia
gram of an ordinary man's thigh, on
which are shown spaces which are in
sensible to heat, cold or pain. In some
places there are almost no sensations
of temperature. Against these places
you might almost lay a hot iron, and
it wcmld have but little effect. You
might prick other spots with a sharp
needle, and, unless you penetrated too
deeply, it would not be felt. Some of
the instruments are sharply pointed af
fairs, heated with boiling water. They
travel forward and backward over the
skin, touching every minute part of it
in succession, and reproducing, by
means of a pantagraph-like instrument,
as the sensations of the subject indi
cate, a complete diagram of the dead
spaces on his skin.
In line with these experiments on
dead spaces one of the biggest things
Cornell has done has been to prove that
•we have not, after all, a varied sense
of touch. That is, if any part of the
body is touched we do not became
aware of it by any sense of acute feel
ing in that part, but by the mental
picture of the proceeding which we in
stantly form. In other words, the sense
of touch in normal persons is entirely
I dominated by Fight. Suppose you are I
• tc-uched while in the dark; how do you j
' know where you are touched? Cornell j
professors assert, and say they have :
proved, that in the majority of cases j
it is from the picture coming in the
mind, and not by the touch at all. Aft
er all, we have a better idea of the
appearance of our bodies than we, per
haps, credit ourselves with having. If I
yc-u had not a very accurate sense of j
the appearance of your body, it is a j
question whether or not you would j
know exactly where any part of it is
touched on occasion. The sense of
touch is evanescent at best, and un
less you formed a mental picture at
once you would not be able to locate
the sensation two minutes afterward.
The point can easily be proved by
blindfolding the eyes and touching the
hand with the end of an ordinary pen
holder. Having done so, try to find the
place where you were touched wfthout
looking at it. It will be f-^und almost
impossible to do it, and the hand being
only a few inches wide, even the frac
tion of an inch difference in locating
the correct spot would count much in
favor of the theory. In a blind man the
state of affairs is still more compli
cated. If stricken with blindness he
would have a memory picture of the
appearance of his body, but if born
blind he could not have any visual
map; therefore we may have the cu
rious operation of the building up of
a touch picture. The blind man, by va
rious means aside from sight, has pre
conceived ideas of the general shapes
and appearances of his head, arms,
legs, thorax, abdomen and other parts
of his body. Hence when he is touched
this introspective picture immediately
looms up in his mind, and he knows
that it is his knee, foot, hand or other
part of his body which has been
touched.
In one of the big dark rooms in Cor
nell there is a curious piece of appa
ratus used in connection with these ex
periments in touch. It is a chair, the
back, seat and footrest of which can be
straightened out so as to form a reclin
ing chair, or when perefectly flat a
table. It is operated on a pivot so that
the whole affair can be spun like a top.
The man to be experimented upon is
asked to sit in it. Then the gas is
turned off and the walls of the room
are so constructed that not one ray of
light can reveal his surroundings.
Without acquainting him with the fact
that any change is to be made the
chair is moved into various positions.
He is made to sit, to recline and to lie
down successively, and as the changes
are made he is asked to st *c precisely
the position of his body. The mistakes
which some of the subjects have made
have proved conclusively that when in
total darkness we have very different
sensations from what we have when in
the light of day.
Strange things are done with this
chair in this dark room. Men are
placed In it and are whirled around
until they are dizzy. Then, when they
least expect it, platinum wires heated
to brilliant whiteness are made to
glow by means of an electric current.
The subject is required quickly to
point cut the spot at which the wire is
glowing. But this, strange to say, is
not always possible after the whirling
of the chair.
A WORD WITH HUSBANDS.
Give Your Wife a Little Praise and
See How It Works.
"If husbands only knew, or if know
ing, only cared, how very much their
word* and manners affect the temper
ature of the home world, they would
never, by word or deed, leave it en
shrouded in gloom," argues Mrs. A. M.
Marriott in an article entitled "Praise •
Your Wife," in March Woman's Home "
Companion. "To most wives the hus
band is the sun around which every
thought revolves. There is scarcely
an instant in which his presence is not
felt as she goes about her work, or
even when at rest.
"There is no true woman but will re
pay her husband over and over again
for kind, thoughtful treatment. He is
ready to call her childish, and she may
seem so to him; but one thing is sure,
a woman never forgets. All little deeds
of love or thoughtfulness sown by his
hand yield a certain and abundant
harvest. She may love her home bet
ter than any spot on earth, yet she
sometimes gets so weary of the daily
routine of never-ending duties that fall
to her lot that she ca .not help an oc
casional feeling of envy for those who
have more time for recreation, for go
ing abroad, for all the little things dear
to the heart of every woman, but which
the stern hand of duty most effectually
debars her from enjoying.
"If she is preparing the meals the
way John likes this or that, or some
remark he has made about some ar
ticle of food is recalled to mind; if she
looks about her she sees his hats and
coats hanging on the hooks, and the
hats invariably wear the same expres
sion that John's face wore when he
left in the morning; a jolly, good
humored look if he went away pleasant,
if angry a gruff, defiant, attend -to
your-own-business air takes the place
of the so lately gentle pliable shapes in
felt, and fairly bristle with wrath over
some trifle, but still enough to obscure
the sun in the little world for many )
a weary day, perchance, ere it is seem
ingly forgotten.
"Still, for all that, she would not for
the whole world exchange places, even
if she could, with any other woman,
leaving home and John— dear old John
—as the price of her freedom from
care. • * * If your wife has been a
faithful and true wife to you tell her
sa.TREMENDOUS COST OF MODERN WARFARE
Costs OVer $1000 to Fire Some Rifled
Quns dust Orvce a^d JKevj Car\ Be
Fired JMar\y Times' ir\ Oi^e Hour.
SKETCH ILLUSTRATING THE ENORMOUS COST OF AN EXCHANGE OF SHOTS BETWEEN TWO MODERN FIRST-CLASS BATTLE-SHIPS.
OME idea of the enormous cost of war at the
S present day may be had by figuring on a ficti
tious regular engagement between two big bat
tleships like the Oregon and the Pelayo of Spain.
Outside the damage and total loss of valuable
property, the cost of ammunition used runs
amazingly fast. It is almost like burning money.
~ Fancy paying $1000 every time a shot is fired from
a rapid-firing gun. There are a good number of war
ships in the United States Navy that have nearly half
a dozen guns that swallow $1000 worth of ammunition
at a single gulp, not to speak o-f the numberless little
COST OF WAR
WITH SPAIN.
WHAT would a war with Spain
cost? Many public men at
"Washington having been in
terviewed upc-n that topic
some figures are quoted, the
basis being an average drawn from
their various estimate^.
It would cost the United States $200,
000,000 to go to war with Spain, and
$300,000,000 to maintain the war six
months.
It would cost Spain a thousand mill
ion pesetas — a peseta equals about 20
cents — to go to war with the United
States, and fifteen hundred million pe
setas to maintain the war six months.
No one can predict the cost with more
than approximate accuracy. No' closer
guess, very likely, can be made than
the foregoing.
General Hawley, declining to express
an opinion, nevertheless mentioned the
i experience which the last war gave in
the measure of cost of war, and many
other military authorities base their
ideas on the practical experience which
that conflict afforded to our own peo
ple. It was a lesson not only in the
assembling of men and supplies, but m
the best methods to be followed in rais
ing great sums of money for emergen
cies.
When President Lincoln called on
Congress for 400.000 men. he also asked
for $400.000 ; 000. This was at the rate
.if $1000 for every man called into serv
ice. His message to Congress stated
that the sum asked was "less than one
tweaty-third part of the money yaiue
owned by men who seemed ready to de
vote their whole." This gives another
ntage — one-twenty-third — as a ba-
I calculating what amount of ths;
m of a country should be sum
. to aid in its defense.
Secretary Chase, then at the head of
the Treasury, estimated $320,000,000 as
the sum required to begin/the war. This
proved to be .short of the requirements.
The army appropriation bill passed by
the extra session of Congress after the
firing on Suniter carried $207,000,000. The
navy appropriation bill carried $56,000,
000. These estimates and appropriations
were made, it must be remembered,
with no conception of what the wax
was to be, and with an idea that at
most it would close within six months.
The first estimates of war are usually
under rather than over what the cost
proves to be.
In a war with Spain the conflict
would be essentially different from that
I between the North and South, in that
Spain and the UnitedfStates would be
fighting across an ocean instead of
hand to hand in one country.
This would make it essentially a na
val warfare au.i a war on commerce,
and to that extent the elements of cost
would be different from land warfare.
But with both countries having long
lines of coast to protect, with Cuba as
fellows that eat up from $200 to $700 worth every shot.
One broadsid > from the battleship Oregon, with ev
ery gun belching fire and shell, would cost at least
$10,000.
That would simply pay for the ammunition used
for the moment. Figure on the destruction of prop
erty made by such a broadside, and the figures run up
mere rapidly.
A battle between these two giants of the sea would
quickly destroy at least $5,000,000 worth of property.
All this in one hour. p]ach ship cost the same. The
destruction of either would mean a loss of $3,670,000.
It is probable that the other would be damaged half
its value, or $1,835,000. Thc-se two incidents of a naval
a field of land conflict, the element of
providing for the cost of land warfare
would be hardly less than that of the
marine struggle. Prudence would also
dictate that the scale of preparation
would take into account the possibility,
even probability, of Spain's forming al
liances with European powers by which
her fighting strength on land and sea
would be largely augmented.
With these considerations existing,
the cost of going to war with Spain at
this time could not be estimated far be
low the cost when the first crash of
arms came in 1861.
As to Spain's first cost in going to war
with the United States, it must be
borne in mind that Spain is now prac
tically on a war footing, and has been
since the Cuban struggle became seri
ous. The war footing of Spain is 183,
972 men, and this footing has been
reached, if not exceeded, in Cuba alone.
The forces there have fluctuated, but
the official figures a year ago gave 121,
136 men In Cuba. Adding the reserve
force in Spain and those in the Philip
pines and Puerto Rico, the total is
fully up to the war footing of Spain.
The same is true of Spain's navy,
which is and has been on a war foot
ing. Doubtless a war footing of Spain
capable of dealing with Cuba would
have to be very materially enlarged in
dealing with the United States, but at
least it would serve as a nucleus — it
would save that extraordinary cost of
a first start. Up to this time, how
ever, Spain has known no need of a
war footing beyond that above given,
which, in detail, is as follows:
Infantry 133,000 1 Staff 11,140
Cavalry 17,1661 Hospital Corps. 453
Artillery Il'.io;
Engineers 11,027 j Total 183,972
While this is the war footing of
Spain, yet provision has been made by
which, in an extraordinary emergency,
1.083,575 men could be put in the field.
This vast number, in a country having
but 17,000,000 population, is phenom
enal in the annals of warfare. It is not
conjectural, however, but is based on
careful estimates made by Spain as to
her utmost resources in case of need.
Spain's first cost of war with the
United States has been estimated at
1,000,000,000 pesetas. The basis for the
estimate- is the cost of the Cuban con
flict to the present time. The war
budget for 1895-96 was 140.000,000 pese
tas regular and 40,000,000 pesetas extra
ordinary. This has been mounting up
ever since, until the cost of the war up
to this time is estimated at 5280.000,000,
or $85,000,000 a year. "With the increases
requisite for a conflict with the United
States, the cost would be more than
double that of holding Cuba, and, by a
most conservative estimate, the total
of 1,000,000,000 pesetas, or $200,000,000,
was made by one well fitted for an in
telligent view of the subject.
During the first stage of war a large
element of cost to be defrayed by the
United States would be found in the
necessity to provide 200,000 men with
new rifles, at a cost of $17 to $20. In
round figures this item is $4,000,000. An
other detail in reaching the total esti
mate for six months was the cost of
uniforms, two suits at $8 each being al
lowed. This, for 200,000 men, would be
about $3,500,000. In the item of ammu
nition, the estimate contemplated 500
•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH .20, 1898.
Ammunition Used Would Cost JNearly
$500,000 for One Hour's Engage
ment BetWeen Big Battleships.
rounds for each man in six months.
Five dollars would about cover the
cost of 500 rounds, which, for 200,000
men, would be about $1,000,000.
With the modern use of machine
guns every company of infantry would
doubtless have a gun of this character.
They cost about $1000 each, making an
other item of about $2,000,000. These
details of equipment are almost infi
nite, and with a force of 200,000 the
cost in every instance runs into the
millions. Aside from the first cost
there is the cost of transporting vast
Bupplies of food and clothing after
they have been purchased.
There are few war vessels which
could be purchased. The first cost of
such vessels cannot be placed in an
estimate. Bat it is clear that this lack
of purchasable ships would keep down
the possible first cost for Spain and
for the United States alike. Both coun
tries must fight with such vessels as
they possess, augmenting their navies
by the use of their merchant marine.
The arming of merchant ships would
be a costly operation, for they would
be drawn from their regular service,
and the Government would have to pay
liberally for their use. At such times
"war profits" are expected and exact
ed, and there would be no recourse
from it. And aside from the first cost
to the Government of taking these
merchant ships from the coasting
trade, the trans-Atlantic, the trans
pacific, the West Tndian and the South
American trade, there would be the
second cost of mounting guns and giv
ing them such armament as would fit
them for war service.
The financing of the Civil War was a
stupendous operation, as may be
judged from the fact that to-day the
Government is slowly paying off the
bonds floated at that time, and is main
taining an issue of $346,000,000 green
backs issued on the faith of the Gov
ernment to tide over the demand for
funds.
ALWAYS DflfiQEß
ON_VARSHIPS.
THE recent disaster to the United
States battle-ship Maine, wheth
er by accident or design, has set
the naval officers and men to
■"talking of the dangers on war
ships, even in times of peace.
There are any number of instances
averted by quick thinking and acting
and in times of peace such a deed is
one of the ways of winning promotion.
Danger lurks everywhere on a mod
ern ship of war and very often the
most careful naval officer or seaman
finds himself on the very brink of a
disaster and only by quick thinking and
lightning action on the r>art of some
one is the danger removed and an ac
cident averted that would land the*
sailor and many of his shipmates. If
not his whole ship's company, in the
next world.
Every time a torpedo-boat goes out,
even for practice, every man on board
battle would mean a total destruction of $5,505,000.
In one hour each of the big suns would be dis
charged about twenty times. That Is the average num
ber. Each time the aixtcen big rifles of the Oregon
were discharged it would cost the Government $12,000.
In the course of sixty minutes they would belch forth
$2,0,000 worth of shc-t and shell. Fo tr of her guns cost
$000 each every time they are discharged; four of them
$1000 each; eight of them $700 each.
Besides these she carries two Gatling guns. Their
capacity is 1200 shots a minute. To operate each gun
$300 worth of cartridges must br> provided every min
ute. It is not probable that they would be fired for
more than fifteen minutes, but even that brief time
takes his life in his hands, and on all
the battle-ships and cruisers the maga
zine with its store of explosives is < ver
a source of danger. There are any
number of warrant officers in the
United States navy who to-day owe
their uniform, stars and bars to rapid
judgment and bravery in the face of
such impending danger.
The peculiar construction of the tor
pedo-boat prevents much of the ma
chinery from being covered and out of
danger. Below decks everything moves
with lightning like celerity. Poke your
finger at a wheel or ornament that
seems to be stationary, and you will
be minus a finger, possibly a hand. For
the innocent looking ornament will
probably prove to be a wheel, revolv
ing so rapidly as to be apparently with
out motion. Safety is sacrificed Cor
the sake of saving space, for the tor
pedo-boat must be as compact as pos
sible. The great danger is when the
boat is submerged, for the most trif
ling accident may result disastrously to
every one on board. It is less than
six months ago that while a boat was
submerged a commonplace, ordinary
every-day stop cock became disar
ranged, and before the boat could be
brought to the surface, or this slight
accident repaired, six men were scalded
to death from the escaping steam.
One of the first of the steel ships of
the new navy had not been in commis
sion three months when the level head
edness of an apprentice boy saved her
from an accident that might have been
quite as disastrous to the big ship as
the recent one to the Maine. The aft
magazine was being repaired and the
gun division of the crew were engaged
in taking out fixed ammunition, cans
of powder and eruncotton and cleaning
and red lining the bilges. This was at
a time before the ship had been
equipped with electricity, and the men
used closed lanterns to illuminate the
m&gazine. Of course the lanterns had
been carefully inspected by an officer
before the hatch of the magazine was
lifted, and all wore apparently in good
order. The chief gunner's mate, under
the direction of a division officer, was
superintending the movements of the
men.
Something wont wrong, and in his
excitement he leaned over the hatch,
calling out orders to the men in the pit
of the magazine. In his excitement he
carelessly knocked the lantern he car
ried against the side of the hatch. The
spring that held the lamp within the
lantern gave way and it fell lighted
into the magazine and struck on the
top 1 of a big can of powder that was
hooked and ready to be hoisted to the
deck.
Fortunately the. lamp struck full on
its bottom and remained in that posi
tion. The two men in the pit had gone
away aft. for another can of po.wder,
and their backs being turned they did
not see the lighted lamp. The men
at the top of the hatch were horror
stricken, but the alert apprentice boy
was wide awake and enual to the emer
gency. He shinned down the tackle
and was not slow in the going, either.
He grabbed the lamp, the flame of
which had already begun to heat the
can metal, and shouted up the hatch,
"Pull me and the can up to the main
deck, you fellows."
He extinguished the lamp with his
would mean an expense of $4500 for each gun, or $DOOO
for both.
That would bring the total expense of an hour's en
gagement up to $249,000, or $4150 a minute, c-r a little
more than $69 a second.
To operate the Pelayo would cost a trifle of 130,00-0
less than this total. She carries seventeen big guns.
A single discharge of all of them would cost $10,050.
One Of her guns costs $650 to shoo-t; twelve of them
$500 each; two of them $800 each; two of them $&Q0
each. Upsides these she carries four Gatling guns
with the same capacity of those of the Indiana, and
operated at the same cost. To fire them fifteen min
utes would cost $18,000.
finders and grabbed the rope with his
right hand, and the can of powder
with his left, and the men at the hatch
opening had him on the main deck in
a jiffy. The can of powder was smok
ing hot where the lamp had rested. The
apprentice boy still clung to tlv heated
can and scooting up the poop ladder
With it threw it overboard. He after
ward got his sword for his bravery on
that day.
( >ne of the chief sources of danger
on all battle-ships and cruisers as well
is that of spontaneous combustion in
the coal bunkers. In all men-of-war
the coal bunkers are provided
with an automatic apparatus that gives
the alarm when the temperature of the
hunker arises above a certain figure.
The bunkers are all numbered and the
apparatus in each acts independently
and if the temperature of bunker No.
1, for instance, rises beyond the set
mark the alarm is given by the means
of a ringing registering machine placed
just outside the skipper's cabin.
There is always a marine orderly for
the commanding officer, and he is sta
tioned just outside the cabin door and
it is part of his business to keep his
eye on the fire alarm. The marine or
derly at once informs the commanding
officer that there is something wrong
in one of the bunkers. Then the ship's
bugler sounds fire quarters, and all
hands take their position in the fire
stations. Steam is turned into the
bunker reported to be on fire and the
fire thus put out. The coal bunkers
must necessarily be located in close
proximity to the boiler, and it is sur
prising what a predilection coal has
for taking fire when subject to heat
and not exposed to a current of fresh
cooling air. There is hardly a man
of-war that has not had at least a
dozen or more cases of fire in the bunk
ers, but it is only in one or two in
stances that these little affairs are ever
heard of 4n print.
As the coal bunkers are dark as
midnight tha? must be lighted in or
der that the coal passers may see to
get out the coal. On all the modern
ships of war each bunker is provided
with a couple of standing electric
lights, but in coaling the ships and
when on rough voyages the glass cas
ings around these lights are often
smashed, and then the coal passers must
use lanterns, in the use of which they
become careless.
A few years ago a fire alarm on one
of the big cruisers off a Pacific sta
tion gave the signal that there was a
fire, in bunker No. 8. As the chief en
gineer had not yet given orders for
the opening of this bunker he at once
concluded that it was a case of spon
ta:ieous N combustion. Within a minute
the firemen were playing streams of
water into the bunker, where the
arose a yell: **What the bloomin' devil
are youse flat-foot paint scrubb^s
a-trying to do — drown me and choke
me to death, ye blasted ?" And the
rest was simply a torrent of jolly Roger
talk.
The voice came from a coal passer
who, without the authority of the
chief engineer, had opened No. 8, be
cause it was handy to the fireroom. He
had taken an open light into the bun
ker and set it down on a lump of coal
directly underneath the fire-alarm ap
paratus. In a few minutes the ap
paratus was heated sufficiently to make
It's /llmost Like Shooting Qold Shells
Wher\ High jPoWer Qur\s Are
Fired ir\ War.
The total cost of the engagement to the Pelayo
would be $219,000— an average of $3650 a minute, or $60
a second, with a few pennies to spare.
Therefore, supposing that one ship would be wholly
wrecked and the other badly disabled, the total cost of
this one battle between our Government and that of
Spain, counting 3K8.000 worth of ammunition, would
be dangerously near ?6,000,000.
If the Oregon were destroyed the fight would cost
the United States $3,919,000. If she were only disabled
we would escape with a loss of $2,084,000.
The destruction of the Pelayo would mean a loss to
Spain of $3,889,000. If she were only disabled the ex
pense to the Spaniards would be $2,054,000.
its automatic report on deck. For the
next ten days that coal passer spent
his time thinking over the affairs of
this life while in the brig in double
Irons.
Scarcely a week passes in which
some man or another on a man
of-war does not get more or less seri
ously hurt. There are open hatches
for him to step into, all sorts of obsta
cles to tumble over, and he has unlim
ited opportunities to smash his toes or
fingers in mechanical appliances. There
are live electric wires for him to handle
and a thousand and one other lurking
dangers of which the merchantman .
sailor never knows or dreams. On
the cruisers that carry sail fc-r steady
ing purposes' 1"»<? may be slapped on the
side of the head by a loose snapping
halyard or he may, and often doss, take
a bad tumble to the deck below from a
suddenly slacking ridge rope..' Down in
the fire room among the "black gang,"
as they are known, a fireman is always
thoughtlessly picking up an almc-st red
hoi slice bar or devils claws at the
wrong end, or he carelessly handles a
valve and gets a jet of hot steam in
his eyes, and again he is forever finding
all sorts of hidden objects carelessly
left in his way for him to stumble over
in the darkness.
One of the narrowest escapes from a
magazine explosion occurred only re
cently en one of the big cruisers at
tached to the Atlantic Station." One of
the men of the "black gang" was clean
ing his section of the- after engine room*
bilges one morning. His particular
section of the bilges was adjacent to
the ship's magazine, which was
separated from the engine room by
steel partitions. Bilges are cleaned
with waste saturated with turpentine.
This particular bilge cleaner was tc-o
lazy to fill one of the small turpentine
cans provided for the purpose. He
dragged a five-gallon can of turpentine
to his section and began work.
One of the strictest rules on a man
of-war is the one prohibiting smoking
in the engine roc-m, but there was nev
er a rule or law yet made which man
was not tempted to break. The bilge
cleaner had fairly got under way with
his work when he took out his pipe: and
lit it, carelessly throwing the match in
the bilge. The lighted match s*et fire to
the turpentine saturated waste, and the
bilge cleaner in his excitement upset
the five-gallon can of turpentine, and in
Si second the biige was converted into
a roaring mass of (lame that played di
rectly against the steel bulkhead sepa
rating the engine rcom from the maga
zine.
The cleaner shouted and ran for his
life.
The second-class fireman was the
only other man in the after engine
room at the time this happened. He
made a jump for the bilge covers that
had been removed by his careless
mate and thrust them over the bilges,
getting a number of severe burns while
doing it. Then he opened one of the
' intakes from the sea and let the water
directly into the bilge that was in
flames. By the time the fire quarters
was founded and the men on deck got
to their stations below the second-class
fireman, with his hair and eyebrows
all burned off and the skin peeling
from his face and hands, was throwing
bucketful after bucketful of the in
coming water against the steel bulk
head which was already so hot that it
sent back clouds of steam. He won his
promotion by this deed and the damage
he did by flooding the engine room was
nothing compared to what would have
happened had the flames played on
that bulkhefcd a few minutes longer.
* * *
EUROPE IS
RE-ARMING
IN July, 1807, the German Emperor
called together his military attaches
at a formal breakfast. After eating
and presumably drinking his Impe-
rial Majesty, with one of his sud
den bursts of frankness under such cir
cumstances, told his officers that it was
no use keeping it a secret any longer;
the German army had had its artillery
changed without anything being known
about it.
How well the secret was kept may
be understood from the fact that Krupp
employs" 16,000 workmen and that sev
eral powers try to spend large sums
in Germany to obtain military and
naval intelligence.
That happened which might have
been expected upon the Emperor's pos
sibly indiscreet avowal. The French
military attache of the Berlin Em
bassy at once took train for Paris,
and found "his Government prepared. to
deal promptly with the question.
Only the cost had prevented the
French war office from making the
change before. The reason for this
hesitation will be grasped when it is
stated that the extra expenditure in
volved within a very brief period ex
ceeds $50,000,000. The secret has been
kept by the French nearly as well as
the Germans kept theirs, but it Is
i:<>w known to several European gov
ernments.
The weapon : now in course of manu
facture is a quick-firing gun capable
of,, firing at least ten shots : a :- minute.
It has a caliber of 3 inches, the caliber
of , the French field gun being- 90 milli- 1
meters (3% inches), and of the horse
artillery gun SO millimeters. * The lat
ter weapon is similar; to Ihe latest pat
tern ; of the Nordenfelt cannon. Its
weight ; fitted' with automatic hydrau
lic .: or ; glycerine brakes ;, to cheek h re- ■
coil, and with , steel shields to - reduce
, the risk from infantry fire, is ".some
what greater than : that of , the 90 milli
meter field; gun, but the range and the
bursting power of the shell are greater.
The shell is fitted with a perfect per
cussion . fuse, whose : accuracy has ; been
tested ' in": thorough fashion. 7 .
". As many as 5000 of, these quick-firing
guns for the French ; artillery are ■ be
ing provided at a cost, including 1000
rounds ■• of ammunition 7 for ' each, of
£2000 per gun. ;^ Up till ; January 1 this
year 800 : guns ; were completed, with
their due proportion ;of j projectiles. ;
' There v will be enough guns ; before
the,' end of ; the year t0 ...- arm all the
"corps" ; ; artillery and . the whole . artil-.
lerv will be rearmed before the end of
1599.
1920
REASON ST. GAUDENS
HAS LEFT AMERICA
Will Reside in Paris Because of
Too Much Politics in Sculp
ture Awards Here.
LMOST simultaneously with
A the announcement that M. Car-
IJ| olus Duran will next season join
| 1 the winter colony of French por
m trait painters who have of late
* years been adding both to their
reputation and their fortune in this
city, comes the news that Mr. St.
Gaudens, the distinguished American
Bculptor, has decided to take up his
residence abroad.
When Mr. St. Gaudens went abroad
not long ago it was supposed that he
Intended to stay only a few months.
But now his studio In New Yrrrk has
been stripped of nearly everything, it
is to rent, and his belongings have been
shipped to Paris. Mr. St. Gaudens is
building a residence and studio in Flor
ence, and will divide his time between
that city and Paris.
In taking up his residence abroad Mr.
Ft. Gaudens is only following the ex
ample of other American artists, like
Edwin A. Abbey, Frank B. Millet and
Mr. Sargent, who find the foreign art
atmosphere more congenial and stimu
lating than that of America. Certain
conditions prevail here which cannot
fail to be rasping to a sensitive artist
like Mr. St. Gaudens.
Among these may be mentioned the
fact that the award of public monu
ments is often the result of political
wire pulling rather than of artistic mer
it. While Mr. St. Gaudens may not
have suffered individually from this, it
•was nevertheless a cause o-f indirect
annoyance to him. He also chafed un
der the criticism which was passed up
on him for placing the nude figure of
a man in the World's Fair award med
al which he designed. Attempts to hur
ry him in his work also greatly an
noyed him. An instance of this which
became public was the effort of «Mrs.
John A. Logan to persuade him to has
ten work on the statue of her hus
band.
Augustus St. Gaudens' departure will
create a distinct personal void in art
circles here. He is not only the fore
most American sculptor, but is recog
nized, even in foreign art circles, as c-ne
of the leading sculptors of modern
times. Such a man could not fail to
have a distinct personality, and while
somewljat reserved in manner, espe
cially when any discussion of his own
york was under way. he was never
theless a figure both in art and social
circles here. He was very fond of mu
sic, and he and Mrs. St. Gaudens were
frequently seen in boxes at the opera
and at concerts and private musicales.
One of Mr. St. Gaudens' most Inti
mate friends In New York la Mr. Stan
ford' White. In regard to the reasons
actuating Mr. St. Gaudens in going
abroad Mr. White said:
"Mr. Gaudens felt the absolute ne
cessity of breathing again the art at
mosphere of Europe, lie has been so
busy during the last ten years that I
do not think he has been able to make
more than one trip abroad during that
time, and then he remained but a few
weeks. Now Influences in sculpture
have sprung up abroad sinct; Mr. St.
Gaudens has lived there — in fact, it
may be said that an entirely new school
of sculpture has arisen in France — and
he naturally wants to be on the spot
where every artist is immediately sen
sitive to all new conditions.
"There is no question that art for
art's sake flourishes abroad more than
it does here and that the art atmos
phere over there is far more stimulat
ing than here. There is such a thing
as art life in Europe, a getting togeth r
of artists with common ideals, which
results in mutual inspiration. The pub
lic, too, takes art more seriously, and
MUSEUM FREAKS
IN THEIR HOME LIFE
THE museum freak is no longer
what he or she used to be as a
"money maker." Freaks have
sunk so low In public favor in
this country, which once went
wild over a "What Is It?" that
profitable "dickers" with museum man
agers are now matters of extreme diffi
culty.
What has become of our old favor
ites? Are they dead, or have they gone
out of the business? An old museum
lecturer told me the other day that the
rage for human phenomena had sub
sided; that for years the supply had far
exceeded the demand. Consequently,
he argued, the scale of salaries had so
declined that the phenomena had either
died from lack of care which their
money making possibilities had form
erly provided them, like Sprague," the
"living skeleton," who. died in poverty
in Chicago; married and retired to pri
vate life in disgust, like Malcolm, the
"armless wonder," who took a mate
"out of the profession," and is now
raising vegetables «,nd a family in the
environs of St. Louis; or migrated to
Europe, where their services are in
great demand, like Annie Jones, the
bearded lady, who, tradition has it, is
the daughter of a wealthy Westerner
and the wife of a gymnast.
Europe seems to have taken kindly to
the phenomena, pays them "enormous
salaries," and will soon have depleted
the American market to the point of
panic. As it is one can't till an order
for a tattooed lady off-hand. And what
is to be expected when across the water
the human billiard ball, the Coxmtess
Le Blanc, draws $100 per week; the
"fat woman" $150; the elastic man as
mtich as ?200, and the "two-headed
boy" $500? Surely, a general exodus.
While the "poetical orator's" theory
as to the present scarcity of freaks may
be correct, his statement of the pe
cuniary offers that tempt them to Eu
rope, and the offers they refuse for
their appearance at homo, is to betaken
with a pinch of salt. Although in the
palmy days of the side show, years ago,
certain unfortunates— the Toeel twins,
for example — were paid as much as
$300 per week for their appearance, of
late years a laborer's wage Is greedily
accepted by the men and women who
are billed as "secured at an enormous
expense."
The proprietor of a side show recently
offered, for a small commission, to pro
cure an outfit of freaks for $50 per
week, exclusive of expenses. It was
learned upon careful inquiry that the
appearance of a fat woman could be
secured for $12 per week, a living skel
eton for $15, a bearded lady for $15, a
tattooed lady for $8, a Circassian beau
ty for $6, an Albino for $5, a pair of
armless wonders for $25, a fire eater
altogether the situation of affairs is
more agreeable and more helpful to an
artist's self-development than the situ
ation here.
"I am thoroughly informed with re
gard to his method of work because he
and I have done so much together. I
shouid say that at the rate at which St.
Gnuiler.s works he has at the present
enough large commissloi p him
occupied for thr> rest of his life. He has
the .Sherman statue for this city, an
other Lincoln statue for Chicago, some
large bronzes for the entrance to the
Boston Public Library and the Phillips
Brooks memorial. These are all I can
recall at present, but there may be one
or two other large pieces of work for
which he has been commissioned.
"Of course, h? has always found time
while at work on largo commissions to
execute what he considers smaller
works of sculpture. These he has re
garded largely in the light of diversions
for $10. snake charmer for $12— in fact,
that the expenditure rarely need exceed
$25
It must be understood, however, that
a fine wardrobe, the ability to do a
""turn," a "sensation," and other pow
ers, possessions and qualities add con
siderably to the earning power of a
freak. A "sensation," it is said, is par
ticularly valuable.
Extraordinary monstrosities, such as
two headed boys, three legged men and
dog faced men, have no stated market
price. They "draw" well, and are
paid accordingly, when they first ap
pear, but they lose in money-making
power in exact proportion as their fa
miliarity to the public increases. Tho
passing of ;i ft'\v years reduces them to
such an extent that they are content
with a salary just .sufficient to support
themselves and managers.
Nevertheless, it is claimed that the
Tocci twins were paid $500 per week for
a four weeks' engagement in New
York, the double-headed nightingale
S6OO and the ossified man $100.
"Giants," said the poetical orator,
"come high," and it is believed that
they do— in a sense— but it is hardly to
be believed that the German giant,
Herr Hague, was paid $600 per week
on his first appearance here, when a
oncc-celebratfd giant, whose name the
writer has forgotten, is selling tooth
wash through the small towns of the
State, and confesses to a "mighty
skimpy" living.
Museum freaks in New York are re
quired to be in their places at 9 o'clock
in the morning each day of the week
and to remain there until 10 o'clock at
night, with short intervals for dinner
and supper. They are subject to many
petty rules, which differ with each es
tablishment, and for infringements of
which small penalties are exacted.
Their "appearances" — they are al
ways "on exhibition" — number as many
as ' the performances, occasionally as
many as nine in a single day.
The übiquitous "lecturer," with a
prefatory. "And now, ladies and gentle
men, direct your Attention to the hu
man" waves his hand. The freak
rises and smiles, while the lecturer, in
grandiloquent phrase and with many a
pleasantry, if he be able to turn them —
and therein lies his own value in the
sight of the proprietor — recommends
him to the careful Inspection of the
"audience," always concluding with,
"The lady (or gentleman) -will be
pleased to converse with as many as
may desire."
Meanwhile the freaks read yellow
covered love stories; busy themselves
with their "work," or gape and muse,
looking bored and ill. Few minutes'
conversations with "any one who may
desire" are eagerly welcomed, for they
afford a little relief to the monotony
and offer the chance of the sale of a
photograph or "story of my life." More
over, "conversation holders." as they
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAKCH 20, 1898.
from his more arduous labors, and I
presume he will occasionally turn aside
to execute sculpture of this kind."
What Mr. White says about Mr. St.
Gaudens' method of work is borne out
by the fact that his most famous
monument, the Shaw memorial in Bos
ton, was not completed until twelve
years after he received the commis
sion for it. It was erected in memory
of Robert Gould Shaw, colonel of the
first regiment of colored troops which
Massachusetts sent to the front, and
who was killed in the famous assault
on Fort Wagner. By a curious coinci
dence it was finished on October 10,1896,
the anniversary of Shaw's birth.
Yet, while Mr. St. Gaudens was oc
cupied so long in completing this work,
he also executed during these twelve
years much of the sculpture which has
given him his international reputation.
The Shaw memorial, which he was
'•thinking ' out" during these many
years, is in the shape of a huge
bronze mural tablet, 14 feet wide and
11 feet high from the base line to the
center of the arch which forms Its top.
While his idea for the memorial always
consisted of an equestrial figure of Col-
ST. GAUDENS AT WORK.
onel Shaw, with coir red troops in the
background, he nevertheless made a
change in the scheme at-t time when
the memorial was aimost finished. De
stroying everything he had done, he
began the work all over again. He
considered that he had not brought out
Hit figures in high enough relief, and
as now finished and in place the relief
is so high that the figures are almo.st
"in the round," and the strength of tho
design is preserved whether you obtain
a front or side view of it.
Mr. St. Gaudens' career is again proof
that art is democratic, for so far as
known there was nothing in his ancea
are called, are always wanted by the
managers.
The weary round over, the living
skeleton wraps himself carefully in his
great coat and muillers; the Circassian
beauty— "never better than she should
be," a tattooed lady told the writer
dons her street costume 1 and joins her
beau; the bearded lady's husband
strange to say, she never lacks one —
appears; the South Sea Islander washes
off his war paint and loosens his hair,
so reducing himself suddenly to civi
lization; the monstrosities who are un
able to help themselves are prepared to
meet the night air by their parasitic
managers — one and all hurry away to
their living places or to their amuse
ments.
The friends of the museum freak,
properly so called, are limited strictly
to the members of his profession. How
ever ignorant of the worth of his ab
normality he may have been when
"discovered" and first exhibited, he
goon gathers a high appreciation of it
— indeed, no one has a higher — and bs
comes supercilious to a degree in his
treatment of those of the public with
whom necessity forces him into con
tact. A more potent influence, how
ever, is his realization of the fact that
people to whom his stock in trade ap
peals will not pay to see that which,
with patience, they can see for noth
ing. Thus he cannot afford to cheapen
himself by pursuing companionship,
pleasure or even health, if need be that
he pass frequently through the open
streets. He spends his time at the
theater and at home, concealing his
identity as best he can f while going
quickly to and fro.
In former years so carefully were the
freaks guarded from free exposure to
the public gaze that living rooms were
provided for them in tho museums. So
accommodated, they rarely passed
through the door from the first day
of their engagement to the last. While,
with the decline of public interest, these
queer places have been, for tho most
part, closed, there is still one to be
seen in New York.
It is situated in the topmost story
of the museum building, and ap
proached by a narrow, broken stair.
Designed as a spacious curio hall, it has
been partitioned off into a dozen or
more straitened sleeping rooms, fur
nished as barely as dire necessity will
permit. The partitions #re unpainted
and unpapered. and covered, in scrawl
ing hands, with names and dates and
reflections, wise and otherwise; hardly
an inch of space within reach is free
from such initials as "C. T." (possibly
Charles Tripp, the Armless Wonder,
now in Europe), and such data as "Jan.
15. 18S5. Western circuit next," to
which have been added, in other hands,
remarks complimentary and the re
verse—"The Bum Freak," "Good Fel
low," and the like. The writer was
told that If he cared to take the pains
he might find written here "some me
try to predispose him to art. His father
was from the south of France and his
mother was a native of Dublin, where
Mr. St. Gaudens himself was born, in
184 S. But he was only six months old
when his parents came to this coun
try. For many years the elder St.
Gaudens had a small shoe store in
Fourth avenue, near the National
Academy of Design. Part of the Ly
ceum Theater now occupies its site.
When he was 13 years old St. Gaudens
wf-nt to work with a cameo cutter. At
the same time he began studying draw
ing at night. For four years he was
a pupil at the Cooper Union and then
for two years at the National Academy
of Design. In 1567 he entered the
sculpture studio of Jouffroy in Paris,
He remained there three years and af
terward spent three years in Italy.
In ISSQ his statue o£ Farragut, which
stands in Madison square upon the
highly artistic pedestal designed by Mr.
Stanford White, statue and pedestal
forming a wonderfully effective com
bination of the realistic and the imagi
native, was exhibited in plaster at the
Paris Solon. The novel merits of the
work were appreciated at once and re-
ceived the highest praise from the
French critics. The work made a de
cided impression when it was unveiled
i:i this city, and from that time on
Mr. St. Gaudens has been acknowl
edged one of the leading sculptors of
the day.
Two gangs of workmen have just
begun digging in Colorado the longest
tunnel which man ever attempted to
construct. The main bore will be 20
miles l( nu'. and connecting this are
subsidiary tunnels, with a total length
of 30 mil*:-. So. in reality, the task
that has been put under way is that
SKETCHES OF MUSEUM FREAKS IN THEIR HOMES.
of digging: 50 miles of tunnels, and ev
ery foot of this vast system will be un
der Pikes Peak and the mountains that
tower on each side. The main tunnel
will pass directly under the cone of
Pikes Peak at a depth of nearly 7000
feet, and 2700 feet beneath the town
of Victor. Its average depth from the
surface will be 2800 feet, and it is de
signed to test the mineral deposits of
the territory at these great depths.
An ice breaker has been built at Co
penhagen for the Russian Government,
by whom it is to be used at Vladivo
stock in cutting a passage for vessels
through the ice north of the district.
The performances of the ship beat all
previous records, a thk.nness of twenty
two feet having been cut through for
over a mile. The steel plating used in
building the hull is three-quarters,
seven-eighths and one inch thick in
different parts. The engine horse-power
is 3600.
The birth rate among the very poor
of Paris is three times greater than
among the very rich, according to sta-
tistics compiled by Bertillon. As the
social scale declines there is a corre
sponding increase.
Sir John Lubbock has gone to the
ant again, and if he keeps up his visits
and others imitate him, that interest
ing insect will become useless for Sun
day-school purposes. Sir John suo
d in getting fifty ants helplessly
drunk and then placed them outside an
ant hill. The sober ants came out,
pick d up their friends and put them
to bed to sleep off the effects of Sir
John's liquor. The strangers, however,
they sternly rolled over into the ditch.
morial of every famous freak America
Imp produced — or nearly every one."
Passing from room to room, and ob
serving the countless marks with
which the four walls of each were mv-
I he boast seamed to be well made.
Night after night, ten years ago, these
little rooms were lively places, and
many a Jelly supper was eaten in the
adjoining dining room by the queer peo
ple who tenanted them. Fat women
and dwarfs, giants, skeletons, canni
bals and all such, lived there together
In great good humor; met at the week's
beginning, parted at the week's end to
go their widely diverging ways— on the
Southern, Northern and Western "cir
cuit," with the side shows or the "big"
show, or wherever the best chance of
fered to turn their misfortunes into
money. Here they met again, eventu
ally, if death orerlooked them, to re
new friendships and quarrels, to eat
and sleep, to drink and gamble, even
as other men do. Nowadays one or
other of the rooms occasionally finds a
tenant for a brief time; but the din
ing room is closed, and the freaks pre
fer to live in lodgings.
New York may be called "the great
museum freak center of the universe."
a lecturer said. . Engagements are made
from here: the circuits have this as
their starting point, European and
American, and a few weeks of every
HER THIRTY YEARS`
EXPERIENCE IN TROUSERS
Dr. Mary Walker Tells of Some
of the Amusing Adventures
She Has Had.
|~ WAS talking the other day with
I Dr. Mary Walker, the only woman
I in the United States who wears
J^ trousers and doesn't wish she were
a man. That is her boast, and &he
has made an international reputa
tion by pursuing her fad.
There is really nothing mannish
about Dr. Mary except her clothes, and
in wearing them she is L -nd to have
her own way, which is distinctly a fem
inine trait. She is a diminutive crea
ture, with the thinnest of treble voices,
sharp features, abbreviated hair just
turning to gray, and spectacles. Her
ordinary dress is a plain black suit of
broadcloth, with frock coat and a silk
hat. For street wear in the winter
she has a heavy brown overcoat with
velvet collar and a cape, and at all
times she carries a stout cane with a
silver head fully as large as her fist:
If she wore skirts she would look very
like a little old maid. As it is, with
her erect carriage, trim figure and
sprightly walk she seems like a boy
dressed a little beyond his years.
She has been wearing trousers for
thirty years and longer. Nobody knows
exactly how long, for this is a point
on which the doctor resolutely closes
her mouth.
"This is a free country," she said,
"and as I was not responsible for be
ing a woman, I failed to see the reason
why I should be compelled to endure
the discomforts of -skirts for a life
time simply because I didn't happen to
be born a man."
When Dr. Mary was in the army she
was an acting assistant surgeon with
the rark of first lieutenant, and she
dressed the same as the other officers.
She wore trousers at that time, with a
stripe of gold lace down the side of the
leg; a felt hat, with gold cords, and an
officer's overcoat. Her coat was not
like that which she has since adopted,
but was shaped like a blouse, cut
loosely about the neck.
"When I had on my overcoat,
though," she said proudly, "I looked
every inch the man, and I am s,ure I
acted it for I vas the only woman
holding a commission in the army of
the United States, and I am the only
woman who has been grante . a medal
by Congress for active military duty."
As she said this the little doctor point
ed to the bronze medal fastened with
a big black-headed pin and a red.
white and blue ribbon to the lapel of
her coat. On the back of the medal
was engraved the legend: "Presented
by the Congress of the United States
to Mary E. Walker, A. A. Surgeon, U.
S. Army."
"Do I ever have unkind things said
to me?" she said, echoing back my
question. "Yes, of course; by ill-bred
people.
"The othor day at the White House
reception I met Mr. Wu, the Chinese
Minister, who was there with his wife.
When I was introduced the Minister
asked me why I wore pants. I saw the
question was suggested by the natural
inquisitiveness of the Asiatic, and I
replied *■ the same vein, "Why do you
wear sKirts?
" 'Because it is the custom of my
country to wear them,' .he replied.
'Well, 1 said I, 'I wear pants because
this is a free country and people are
not hampered with customs.* Then he
said: "They say you are a doctor. If I
was sick I would not send for you; but
if my wife was sick I should.' I told
him I should be glad to attend his wife
yonr are spent here. Once, at least, in
every three years, it is said, every freak
in the world sees New York. The fa
vorite lodging houses are scattered
through that district lying on the east
side below Fourteenth street for a few
blocks. The extremity of discomfort
may be found in most of them; boom
few, however, make a great pretense at
" all the conveniences" and charge ac
cordingly.
Annette Anderson, a bearded lady,
lived in apartments on East Twelfth
street, with he-r husband, a lecturer,
<'md an interesting family of two little
pirls, both of whom gave no promise
of winning fame as their mother has
done; the family is said to be on tho
"Western circuit now, Millie Army, a
tattooed lady, retired, lives In a five
roomed flat on West Thirty-sixth '
street; she also has a husband and
family, two remarkably bright boys,
whom she keeps at the pink of neat
ness. When poor Sprague, the living
skeleton, was alive, he patronized a
or him, and, would you believe it, he
has sent for me to see Mine. Wtt, •**
I have paid her a P™ fe *f'[; na^
How was she dressed ? W ell. that Js
the funniest part of it. She had broad
cloth pants and a tunic. She was
dressed just about as I am. ~ tVinllr .
"I have been taken for a Catholic
priest a good many times, said Dr.
Mary. "More than once people have
sworn to mo that I was- Father So and
So. and they wouldn't listen to a denial.
Once at the White House a man hailed
me as Brother Brown of his church in
Atlanta, and when I told him he «
mistaken I couldn't get him to believe
me. Sometimes the mistakes hai,e
been very funny. Young girls have
tried to flirt with me and I have been
simply shocked by the brazen effront
ery of some women whom I have met
while traveling. One of them actually
asked: me how often I shaved. She
thought I was a bc-y, and wouldn t taKa
my word to the contrary.
"Some women. delight in asking ma
why I don't dress like them. I al
ways tell them. I buy my own clothes
and I really don't see why I can't hava
them cut as I like without having peo
ple asking me questions about them. I
tell such women that if they will send
me their gowns I will wear them, I
take very good care not to say. how I
will wear them, and as they never send
me any I am saved the trouble of ex
plaining. Orfe lady promised to send,
me a skirt and asked me if I would
wear it as she wore hers. I told her I
would put it on over my trousers and
then hold it up as she did so as not to
interfere with my walking. She was
angry and left me. I suppose she gave
me up as a hopeless case."
"Who is my tailor? Well, that de
pends. I don't patronize ; anybody in
particular, and I suppose I am Ilka
most other people. •
"So I don't see why they should be
called men's clothes when they answer
just as well for women. And that re
minds me. Why should young fellows
who have been born since I grew to
womanhood «talk about my copying af
ter them. It strikes me that they are
the ones who are copying after me.
"I don't pretend to be a dude, ana I
don't care very much about following
the latest styles. I don't care whether
my trousers are cut on the American
or the Persian or -the Russian pattern.
All I ask is that they look well and fit
comfortably. «_ _ .
"I really don't know," she added, in
answer to a question, "how many pairs
of pantaloons I wear out in the course
of a year. Not a great many, though.
It depends on the quality of the goods,
and that depends, in turn, on the
pocketbook, so, you see, it is a variable
quantity. In the practice of medi
cine, of course, one doesn't have to
wear out one's clothes very rapidly,
and, besides, I think I am careful of
my clothing. Somebody asked me once
whether I made my own clothes. Of
course I don't. I have too many other
things to do."
For foot gear the doctor wears a
pair of little old-fashioned calfskin
boots, and they are very neatly In evi
dence as she crosses her legs while
talking. Her shirt bosom and high
standing collar are immaculately whit",
and in her black satin tie are six pom
headed : pins— the only conspicuously
feminine feature of her dress. .
If she were a man she would be
called 60 years of age. But, being a
woman, nobody would ever be so un
gallant as to 'guess.— Copyrighted, 1898,
by ■ S. S. McClure.
small hotel on East Fourteenth street,
where Annie Bell and Clarence Mollen,
the "heaviest couple in the world," used
to reside when in the city. Mary Mar
tin, the albino, lives with her mother
and sisters in Brooklyn in enviable
comfort. Millie-Christine, the two
headed negress, used to live in lodgings
in East Eleventh street; Galoth, the
rubber-skin man, in lodgings in East
Tenth street, and many others in the
same quarter of the town.
Many of these people marry among
themselves and live happily enough;
few marry out of the profession. It is,
as a matter of fact, not out of the or
dinary to find the snake charmer and
the tattooed man husband and wife, or
the rubber-skin man and the Circassian
beauty; for by combining their attrac
tions they can increase their salaries
and reduce their living expenses. Mon
strosities, of course, never marry.
Of the few "curiosities" now living in
this city, Fiji Annie is the best known
and most interesting. She, with her
husband, Fiji Jim, who died recently;
Fiji John, and Raumb, a dwarf, were
brought to this country in 1871. They
"worked" as cannibals for P. T. Bar
num in the "big" tent for seven years,
all their earnings, as it. developed in a
lawsuit for the recovery of them, go
ing to the agent who persuaded them to
come here.
The Gallery's Noisy Gods.
First God (whistling: anxiously across
the house)— Hi. 'Arry, Where's little
Billy?
Second God (returning the cat call) —
Hi, 'c's swallered his shillin', and the
cove won't let 'im in.
First God— Well, of all the bloomin*
blokes. (Intrepidly)— l'm off to turn
Billy upside down and get that "bob"
back.
First Goddess (with severity)— Sit
down, Jim. Don't make a exhibition
of yourself. Sit down, I say. Aye
done.
First God (resolutely)— l'm going ar
ter Billy (endeavors to force his way
out).
Various Voices of Expostulation-
Keep quiet— sit down— you're drunk.
First God (indignantly facing his ac
cusers)— All right. Keep your 'air on.
Drunk, am I? We'll soon see whoa
drunk.
First Goddess (in minatory tones)—
Look 'ere. Jim, it's the last time I
ever come out with you. see if it ain't.
You're A disgrace, that's what you are.
No, never again.
Second Goddess (with the best Inten
tions)—My good woman, 'adn't you
better take your 'usband 'ome?
First Goddess (promptly returning
good for evil)— Who are you a-talking
to? I'm not a good woman, and this
gentleman ain't my 'usband. No need
for you to hinterfere.
Second Goddess (loudly to a neigh
boring divinity)— What a hojius per
son, dear!
First Goddess (with bellicose looks)—
Person, indeed! There are some per
sons who'd be better at 'ome, frying
their ugly faces. No, Jim, I shan't.
She's no lady. (The orchestra strikes
up.)
Voices (from behind, as before)—
Sh! Sh! Order! Silence! Turn 'er
out!
First Goddess (competing with the
trombone)— That's what I say. turn
'er out! Himpertinence! (and in such
wise, until the curtain rises, when her
attention is at once attracted to the
stage.) Oh. my, Jim, ain't that beauti
ful? —London World.SMALLEST VHINESE FEET IN AMERICA
Or\e of Jhern Measures Exactly Jhree Inches, ar\d
tke Proud OWrxer Is Galled tke "Lily of Qold"
by JHer Admiring Country Wo rr\er\.
TO have small feet is the aim of
every fair Celestial maiden. Their
eyes may not be as almond shaped
as they would wish them to be,
their faces not round. enough, their
nails may be too short, but if their
feet are tiny, then all other troubles
count as nothing with them. To be the
proud and happy possessor of a minute,
distorted pair of feet is a thing of joy
and beauty forever, according to the
Chinese standard of the beautiful.
Nor is it easy to have feet sufficiently
tiny to satisfy the cravings of the aris
tocratic Chinese maidens. Feet that
appear ridiculously small and unman
ageable as t*heir possessors ■ toddle in
and out the busy thoroughfares are
"heap big" in the eyes of the half dozen
Chinese women who have feet small
enough to satisfy the most fastidious
mandarin.
Among all the Chinese women who
help to make this city picturesque there
are but six with really small — that
is, their feet are called small by even
the rigid Chinese standard. These six
women were eagerly snatched up as
wives by the most prominent members
of the rich and powerful Six Companies
the moment they landed in San Fran
cisco.
In fact, they were brought here for
that purpose, and in the matrimonial
contracts it was distinctly stated that
their price would not be paid unless
they were women with "Lilies of Gold,"
for it is by that poetical name that the
Chinese women with surpassingly
small feet are known.
The length of the feet of these six
women . varies from 33 1/*1 /* to 44 I,*.1 ,*. inches.
The wife of Mr. Sing, powerful in the
Six Companies, has the smallest foot of
them all. Her shoe from toe tip to heel
line measures exactly 3% inches.
Down in Chinatown when Mrs. Sing
appears on the street in her gorgeous
robes, supported on either side by a
servant, the women and children crowd
the doors and windows to see "The Lily
of Gold" pass. Even with the help of
her women attendants, Mrs. Sing sways
to and fro in a perilous manner when
she attempts to walk on the street.
In her own house she moves about
from room to room by balancing her
self with her arms. If, however, it is
necessary to go through several rooms
she does not depend on her arms alone,
but carries a parasol with which she
steadies herself.
Mr. Ping is very proud of his wife's
feet. In his rather fluent English, he
recounted at length that there are but
six "lilies of gold." in the city, lingering
always on the fact that his wife is the
rarest and best of the "lilies of gold."
Mrs. Sins, who does not understand a
word of English, plied the gold threads
in and out in the new pair of shoes she
was making for herself. She intuitive
ly knew that her feet were the subject
of conversation, and persistently hid
them. If for a moment she forgot and
let them peep forth from beneath her
trousers, the instant she noticed they
were being observed she coyly covered
them with her fan and slid them back.
"A Chinese lady does not tike to show
her feet." said Mr. Sing. "She does not
think it is what you call modest."
"How is it. " was asked, "that so few
• cr<Tnwe wnmfn have small feet- like
your wife's, when they all bind them
in infancy as was done for«.'our wife?"
"Oh, my wife is of verra fine family—
verra fine family." was the . reply.
"Only the ladies in the very best fami
lies of China understand how to prop
erly bind the feet to make them small.
The mother does it herself and she
teaches her children how to.do.it so
that when they marry they can do it to
their daughters. They keep the method
a strict fajnily secret among themselves
and the Common people never under
stand how to do it."
"You see her feet?" pointing to one
of the waiting women belonging to his
wife. "Look how bis: her feet are. yet
they were bound when she was a child,
but her mother was of the common peo
ple, and she did not understand how it
was done. As I said the proper method
is a great family secret."
The attendant referred to lnughmsrly
displayed one foot alongside that of her
mistress. It was almost again as large.
The binding process is said to exert
a markedly depressing influence upon
the emotional character of the women
who are subjected -to the extremely
painful process. Compared to Mrs.
Sing, stolid and expressionless, the at
tendant seemed almost animated. Per
haps It was the awful torture that Mrs.
Sketch Showing how the instep of the "Lily of Gold" is abnormally developed by the bandaging back in child
hood of the smaller bones. In some cases the toes are pressed under and pressed tightly against the soles of
the feet The above cut is the exact size of the foot of a "Lily of Gold." The center cut represents the'
bone structure of a natural foot. The remaining cut represents the bone structure of a foot of a "Lily of Gold."
Sing had had to endure to be a ' 'lily of
-old" that had left her without a spark
of animation on vivacity. ■ ~ t '~ '"'■'
"My wife," continued Mr. BMC,
"makes her own shoes. All, the 'lilies
of gold' in this city have to make their
own shoes., Nobody else understands
how. The shoemaker cuts out the little
heel or sole and -Mrs. Sing does , the
rest. She -has a couple: of: dozen pair.
She hae nothing else to do, so she likes
to make the shoes, and. takes : great
pleasure in planning them." v' ;:,- ,
Mrs. Sing permitted the shoe. she-was
working on to be examined. As a
specimen of needlework it would have
received mention at a guild. Pale
blue and deep rose silk entirely cov
ered by an intricate design in gold
thread that must have taken days or
patience to accomplish.
The only evidence Mrs. Sing gave of
having a "personal desire of her own
was when her husband spoke to her of
sitting for a photograph. She pleaded
with him in a high, not unmusical,
voice and for a few moments he con-
Exact size of Mrs. Sing's shoe ; it is just three and a fourth inches from tip to tip. Mrs. Sing makes her own shoes, and they are very
beautiful in colors and fancy sttches. Making her own shoes, embroidery and talking to "her women" are ail she is allowed to do
by her proud husband.
From a photoprai'h take n specially for The '
descended to argue with her. Then he
commanded her and she consented with
the docility and obedience that a Chi
nese woman is taught to maintain
toward her husband.
Her foot with the shoe and bandages
off is scarcely three ir.ches in length.
What would have been the foot proper,
had nature been allowed to take its
course, was pressed up and forms an
abnormal instep. The toes are bent un
der and are pressed tight against the
pole of the foot.
When her photograph was taken
Mrs. Sing quietly resumed her work.
"Chinese girls all jealous of 'lilies of
gold,' " said Mr. Sine, " all wish they
had them. I knew a very rich China
man who went back to China to get a
wife. He wanted a 'lily of gold: and he
•was rich enough to buy one. He found
one with the most beautiful feet. He
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
looked at them a long time, and you
know with us that is the same as a
declaration of love. She did not hide
her feet from his gaze, so he knew that
she would favor his suit. You can
imagine how he felt when he found
that she had just stuffed a pair of
shoes that belonged to a 'lily of gold'
and let them show under her dress,
while she held her own big feet e-urled
up out of sight. Of course when she
got up to walk he found out that she
had been fooling him. Oh, some Chi-
nese girls verra cute," concluded Mr.
Sing, with a broad smile.
or a truth so it would seem. And
according to the most popularly be
lieved tale it was a "cute" Chinese
Princess who is accountable for the na
tional custom of deforming the feet.
This Princess, Taki, lived about the
time of the Trojan wa- s;:ys a Chi
nese poet. She was as bei -!i:;;l as
the sun. fairer than Helen herseif.
Bul both her feet were <: formed. She
was so beautiful that <!••.-]>!'.• her club
)',■••! she won the Em] eror, ai I so c im-
I>;> tely was he under the spell ol her
beauty that she made bin, believe that
her malformed feet were tb ■ mosl
beautiful in the world. But she lived
in constant terror that some day the
Emperor would be no longer blinded
by her other charms and would see her
feet as they really wire.
At laX she hit upon a plan whereby
she could feel secure. She told her hus
band that the other women of the
royal family were so ' alous of her
small feet that they made her life un
bearable.
She lamented bitterly that they did
not all possess small feet like her own
since they were so anxious to have
them. She proposed that her husband
issue a royal edict commanding that
all aristocratic women compress their
feet until they approach the shape of
hers.
The Emperor was delighted at her
magnanimity. Her generosity in being
willing that the other women should
have feet equally as beautiful as hers
delighted him. He proclaimed an im
perial edict and from that time foot
binding in China became a national
institution.
Thus by forcing upon her sisters her
misfortune the Princess Taki hid her
deformity from her husband and kept
his admiration at the expense of all *he
women of China.
The Chinese begin to bind the child's
feet when she is about G years old. It
requiresa period of two or three years'
continual strapping by means of tight
bandages before the desired effect is
produced. There is a varying degree
of pain. During the first year it is al
most intolerable. It gradually dimin
ishes as the binding of all the joints is
completed.
During the binding period the girl
at "night lies with her legs in such a
position as to make pressure under the
knees, thus. benumbing the parts below
and avoiding the major degree of pain.
In this position, swinging their legs
backward and forward, the, poor Chi
nese girls pass many a weary night.
During this period the feel are un
bound once a month only.' The opera
tion is begun by placing the end of a
long narrow bandage on the inside of
the irstcp and carrying it over the
four smaller' toes.' securing them under
the foot. After several turns the band
age is reversed so as to compress the
foot longitudinally. The girl is then
left for a month and when the bandage
Is removed the foot is found ulcerated,
one or two toes* not infrequently being
lost; .
If the foot is thus bound for two
years it becomes virtually ■ dead and
painless. By this time the calf dis
appears from lack of exercise,' the bones
are attenuated and ; all the parts are
Mrs. Sing is known among the envious Chinese women as the "Lily of Gold," the title bestowed upon proud Chinese women who possess
these extraordinarily small feet The above picture shows how Mrs. Sing's feet look dressed in the shoes that take her weeks to make.
from a photograph taken specially for The Call
dry and shriveled. In after years the
leg usually regains the muscles and
adipose, but the foot always remains
small.
Next to Mrs. Sing's foot, the smallest
foot looks immense, and the foot of
the average Caucasian would make al
most three of the size of Mrs. Sing's.
Day in and day out Mrs. Sing plays
with her fans, talks with her women
as they do up her hair in the wondrous
fashion of her country, or embroiders
her shoes, always happy in the thpjaght
that she is a "lily of gold," and com
pletely, forgetful of the terrible tor
ture she endured before she. won that
proud Chinese title.
In the parish church of Kiddington,
in Suffolk, some strange seating ar
rangements are in vogue. The con
gregation is divided into four classes —
gentry, tradesmen, laborers and the
very poor (those in receipt of relief
and so on), who are not allowed to
sit in the pews at all, but have to
sit in the aisle on wooden chairs. The
children of the tradesmen and labor
ers sit near the church door, and are
in charge of the sexton, who is armed
with a stick, which now and then
comes down on some boy"s head, mak
ing a noise loud enough to be heard
all over the church.
MAX MULLER`S
REMINISCENCES.
Max Muller'a lecture experiences at
the Royal lns:ituti(in are amusingly
related. He records with due gratifi
cation that he had brilliant audiences.
All the best men of the town were
there. Even royalty sometimes put
in an appearance. But the old ha
bitues of the Royal Institution were
not easy to please. The front row
was generally occupied by old men
with hearing trumpets, old Indians, old
.. ■ . pals, old clergymen, <fee. A num
),.,■ of ladies came in with their news
papers and unfolded th^m before the
lecture began and seemed to read them
with their eyes, while their ears were
supposed t-> follow the lecturer.
"One's self-conceit is sometimes very
MRS. SiNG AND THE SMALLEST FEET IN AMERICA. MRS. S!\'G IS A VOLJNG jVOMAM
0F -HIGH CLASS CHINESE FAMILY ' AMD IS THE WIFE OF AN »NFLU|HI -
MEMBER OP THE POWERFUL "SIX COMPANIES." HER FOOT MEASURES '
EXACTLY THREE INCHES VERY FEW CHINESE WOMEN ON THL CONTINENT
FOSStSS FEET A?RR6aCHING ANYWHERE NEAR THAT SiZh. THE FOOT OF
THE AVERAGE WOVAN MEASURES EIGHT INCHES.
Fr.ir.i a h taken specially for The Call.
much -tried.' After one of my lectures
I saw one of : the. 'old Bast Indians led
out. by his son or nephew* who shouted
in a loud voice: into his father's ear,
That was a splendid lecture, was it
not?'. 'Yes,', paid; the .old man in a
stiH ' loud or. voice 'very interesting
very. Didn't understand a si: :•■ word
of it." " .'", ■ *"-.--.
Again, .when";, the professor lectured
for the. first time on "The Science of.
Language," - he. had in .the beginning
to i .■;.) the ground of many prejudices.
and among the "rest to dispose of what
was then 1 almost an article of faith —
n.Ymely, that all th« languages of the
world were derived from Hebrew.
"I gave a. whole lecture to this ques
tion,- and wh"en it was owr an impos
ing old lady" came up to shake hands
with hie and to thank me. for the beau
tiful lecture. J bad delivered. "How
delightful it is to know,' . she con
tinued, ; 'that Adam and. Eve spoke He
brew in Paradise, and that ■ all the
other languages of the world, English
not excepled, ■ have come out of He
brew and out of Paradise.'. I really
felt very much humiliated, and when
Faraday came up I told.him what had
happened. 'Oh. you must not be dis
couraged,' he said. /: "I hardly ever lec
ture on chemistry without an. old dow
ager coming up to me with an incredu
lous smile, saying, 'Now, Mr. Fara
day, you don't really mean to say that
the water I drink is. nothing but what
you call oxygen and hydrogen?' 'Go
on, 1 he said, 'something will always
stick.' "
Max Muller had to make speeches
as well as deliver lectures. This side
of his oratorical career furnishes an
interesting' anecdote. At one of the
Royal Academy dinners he had to re
turn thanks for literature and scholar
ship. He sat opposite to Robert
Browning, who was known to be
firmly opposed to getting on his feet.
"I was, of course, rehearsing my
speech during the whole of the dinner
time, while he enjoyed himself talk
ing to his friends.
•■When I told him it was a shame
th?t I should be made a martyr of
while he was enjoying his dinner in
peace, he laughed, and said that he
had said 'No' once for all, and that he
had never in his life made a public
speech. 1 believe, as a rule, poets are
not good speakers. They are too care
ful about what they wish to say. As
dinner advanced I became more and
more convinced of the etymological
identity of honor and onus. At last
my turn came.
"Having to face the brilliant so
ciety which is always present at this
dinner, including the Prince of Wal^s.
the Ministers of both parties, the most
eminent artists, scientists, authors and
critics, 1 had, of course, learned my
speech by heart, and was* getting on.
very weil, when suddenly 1 saw the
Prince of Wales laughing and- saying
something to . his neighbor. At once
the thread of my speech was broken.
I began to think whether 1 could have
said anything that made the .Prince
laugh, and what it could: have been,
and while 1 was thinking in. every di
rection, 1 suddenly stood speechless. I
thought it was an eternity, and I was
afraid I should have to collapse and
make the greatest fool of myself- that
ever was. I looked at Browning and
he gave me a friendly, nod. and at that
moment my grappling-irons caught
the lost cable and I was able to finish.
my •■-■]■' ■ '■ '-•'*' I ,
•'When' it was over I turned to
Browning and said: 'Was it not fear
ful, that pause?' 'Far from it,' he
said "It was excellent. It gave life
"to your speech. Everybody "saw you
were ' collecting your thoughts," and
that you were not simply delivering
what you had learned by heart. Be
sides, it did not last half a minute.' To
me it- had seemed: at least five or. ten
minutes. But after Browning's good
natured words I felt relieved, and en
joyed at least what was left of a most
enjoyable dinner, the only enjoyable
public dinner 1 know."
In conclusion let me quote an excel
lent apothegm about the impression
which poets make upon their readers:
"To have known such men as Ten
nyson and Browning." says the pro
fessor, '"is indeed a rare fortune. It
helps us in two way?. We are pre
served from extravagant admiration,
which is always stupid, and. on the
other hand, we. can enjoy even insigni
ficant verses of theirs, as coming from
our friends and lighting up some cor
ner of their character.
"There are cases where personal ac
quaintance with the poets actually
spoils our taste for their poetry, which
we might otherwise have enjoyed; and
to imagine that one knows a poet bet
ter because one has once shaken hands
with him is a fatal mistake. It would
be far better to go at once to West
minster Abbey and spend a few
thoughtful moments at the tombs of
such poets as Tennyson or Browning,
for there, at all events, there would be
no disappointment."
2122
TRAINING CITY DOGS FOR
A HARD LIFE IN ALASKA
Months Spent in Coaxing Them to Pull a
Sled, Eat One Scant Meal a Day and
Wear Pads on Their Feet.
COME on. Bingo— that's a good
fellow. Step out lively, now.
Oh, confound it all! Why can't
y>u keep those legs of yours
where they belong? Mules ain't
In it with dogs for all-around obstinacy
and chuckle-headedness."
The gate was ajar and I pushed it a
trifle wider open and looked in. I be
held a rather large inclosure, bounded
on one side by a low shed, divided into
email stalls, with a passageway at one
end of the structure which led into a
smaller yard, the back yard of the
building and stable situated on the cor
ner of the avenue.
Just across from me there were two
men and a half-grown boy, a long, low
sled laden with a miscellaneous col
lection of old junk, and a very-much
ashamed-of-himself-looking dog. appa
rently inextricably tangled up in a lot
of canvas straps. The dog looked em
barrassed and apologetic; his wet pink
tongue hung limply from his inanely
grinning jaws, and the end of his
bushy tail wagged feebly in would-be
propitiation, but he did not appear
either conseience-striek^i or alarmed.
Evidently the accident which had hap
pened to him was one which might
happen to any other fellow under sim
ilar circumstances, and although he
would rather It had not occurred, as it
was unpleasing to be placed in a rid
iculous position, even temporarily, he
did not feel that it was at all serious
or that it would entail any disagreeable
consequences to himself.
I glanced at the sign on the gate.
"Klondike dogs for sale," and under
stood the matter at once. This was a
training school for canine burden-bear
ers preparatory to their departure for
Alaskan service, and Bingo, the amia
ble but awkward, was taking a les
son In the art of wearing harness and
dragging sledges.
Some of the dogs, of which at least ?.
dozen were sitting or lying in the
stalls sleepily blinking in the sunshine
or watching Bingo's misadventures
with an overdone affectation of lack
of personal interest therein, gave
tongue at sight of me and forced me
Into suddeft prominence. I introduced
myself and was made welcome, the
overgrown boy, however, bashfully
disappearing as I entered.
"It may be fun to see folks train
dogs," said the man who from his
grimy and perspiring appearance was
evidently the Rarey of the occasion,
"but it ain't fun to do it. Look at me
now"— ho was dusty from head to
foot — "that theredf.-g," indicating Bingo,
who had takni his tongue in in honor
of my advent and accepted a pat on his
rough head graciously, "dragged me
straight mund the yard at the end of
his rope like a feather when I first took
him out. Just because he felt fresh and
lively, and now he can't go six steps
in harness without trying to turn round
and go backward for a change. He'd
ought to have a good walloping, that's
what he had! "
The other man, the ringmaster, as it
were, a good-looking young fellow in a
business suit and an apparently ever
blooming smile, laughed pleasantly.
"You'd be the last one to give it to
him, Jim," he said, "for you know too
much to ruin invested capital in any
such way. Do yc-u know" — this to me —
"that the man who tries to train a dog
GAULORD OF THE WEST
HE came out of the "West — but that was the only
respect in which he resembled Lochir.var. In
deed, the points of dissimilarity were noticeable.
He had no fair Ellen; his -steed, a kndtty little
mountain animal, was far from being the best
on all the wide border, and, naturally, he did not
bring it with him to Chicago.
What he did bring was a bulging pocketbook. Not
knowing exactly what to do with the contents, he bought
an astonishing amount of gay summer linen and scandal-
Izpd a discreet neighborhood by sending quantities of
American beauties to Mrs. Haddon Worcester, whom he
had met out at Denver, and whose husband had interests
Identical with his own In certain mining ventures. Mrs.
Worcester was somewhat annoyed by these attentions,
but understanding that they were only a part of the
habitual exuberance by which Thaddeus Gaylord was dis
tinguished, she accepted them with patience.
He even insisted that she should lunch with him at his
hotel, and she consented, but just as she was leaving her
house to keep this appointment a young woman alighted
from a cab, satchel and guitar case in hand, and presented
herself at Mrs. Worcester's door.
"Why, Heth Lowman!" cried Mrs. Worcester, kissing
the quiet little face of the girl, "1 thought you were not
due for a week yet. Surely you said commencement day
was the Ist of June."
"I was too tired to wait for commencement," said the
girl. "1 just thought I would come and see you."
"You're as welcome as you can be, my dear, and you
look just like your mother— which snakes you even more
welcome."
"But 1 must tell you why I have my hat on. I'm in
vited to luncheon with a gentleman from your own town,
from Denver, who is a friend of Mr. Worcester's. My
friend will be delighted to have you come with me." Half
an hour later Thaddeus Gaylord took her pliable little
hand in his.
"I call this kind of Mrs. Worcester," Baid he; "I count
myself complimented: Mrs. Worcester, madam, you have
honored me." He led the way to the din ing- mom.
Gaylord waa of uncertain "age. He appeared to be a
man who would never grow old. His dark hair was wiry
and intractable. His eyes were blue and full of frankness.
His mustache was so voluminous, so long, and so gen
erally reckless in its appearance that it seemed like the
caricature of a mustache. His white hands had certain
protuberances on them, which indicated tWat he knew
the shovel and pick — but that's no shame to a miner, as
he would have explained— and his skin, naturally tender
and sensitive, bore marks of exposure.
The luncheon was quite wonderful, even for that hos
telry, and the conversation was so interesting that a num
ber of listeners made a feint of lingering' over their des
eert t» hear as much of it as possible.
After luncheon Gaylord called for the best rig In the
establishment. But no sooner hnd he laid his eyes upon
It than his jocund spirit appeared to undergo some trans
formation.
"That hearse," said he to the attendant, "is intended
for me, is it?"
"Yes, sir. It is quite the most correct thing we have,
■lr."
"Mr. Reynolds," said Gaylord to the clerk. "I asked
rou fur a rig to take two ladies riding- I didn't ask you
for either tricks or work makes a fool
of himself and spoils his pupil com
pletely, if he strikes him a blow? Dogs
simply won't learn that way."
I looked at Bingo and his companions
in captivity with a new intereest and
admiration. In these days of driving
and being driven it is a pleasing thing
to find something that is not amenable
to the usual law of painful compulsion,
even if the exception to the rule be but
a mongrel dog.
"How do you manage them, then?"
I asked, and Jim, busy, with the snarl
of straps and buckles and dog's legs,
came into the conversation with a
wrathful snort.
"You have to have the patience of a
dozen Jobs," he said, "and you take
your temper out in swearing. If you
hit 'em a lick they'll lie right down in
the harness and stay there; you can't
get 'em on their feet again to do any
good that trip. And the worst o-f it is
that they put the hurt and the new ex
periment together in their minds, and
they'll always hate the harness after
ward and act like sin in it."
"We've trained eighty-five dogs so
far," said the smiling 'boss,' "and we
haven't turned out a balky one in the
whole lot, but it has turned Jim gray
headed to wrestle with them. Mongrels
— the long-haired ones — are the best for
the business, for they are always
stronger and healthier than pure
blooded close-bred dogs, but there's all
kinds of dispositions among them, and
what goes with one don't go with the
next one. In the first place you've got
to make them understand clearly just
what you want of them, and some are
very dull of comprehension. You've got
to make it perfectly plain to them, and
show them over and over; coax them a
little at first, and praise them when
they do the right thing.
"First we get them so that they will
wear a harness peaceably, without.try
ing to turn somersaults or chew the
whole business into shoestrings. Then
we hitch a plank or piece of wood to the
traces, and then the fun begins. Some
of them seem to think that they've got
a tin can or something of the kind tied
to their tails, and they simply go crazy,
but others are more sensible. We have
a rope or chain around their necks, you
see," waving an illustrative hand to
ward Bingo, who was by this time trot
ting pleasantly along beside the per
spiring Jim, "and we walk along with
them. Sometimes we have to pull them
a bit, and sometimes we hold a piece of
meat in front of their noses. Some way
or other we get it into their heads that
we want them to go along and drag
things after*them, and it isn't very long
before they do it all right."
"But they are whipped up in Alaska,"
said I, remembering some of the grue
some stories of cruelty which have
thawed out and floated down to us, and
the smiling young man shrugged his
shoulders deprecatingly.
"There are brutes and fools every
where," quoth he, oracularly. "I have
known of men beating horses to death
right here in San Francisco, but all tho
same that isn't the best way to get
good work out of them."
And then, being a person of tact, he
turned my attention to more agreeable
things. He personally conducted me
for a hearse, sir. I'm not one of the mourners! No. nor
the corpse, damned if I am! Get me a wagon, sir— a road
cart— something yellow."
A few minutes later Gaylord was driving two bright
chestnuts up the Lake Shore drive, before a yellow road
cart, and every time the chestnuts lifted theirdainty legs
there was a clanking of brazen chains.
"Now, this," said Gaylord, fairly unfurling his splendid
mustache to the wind, in the exuberance of his enjoyment,
"reminds me of Denver. Now, I feel at home!"
After that (iayjord called every day at the Worces
ters and saw the ladies. Two bunches of roses came daily
to the house nuw, and the roses for Miss Lowman were
invariably white— and sometimes the flowers were not
roses at all, but lilies.
Mrs. Worcester did not want to shirk responsibility,
but she rather hastened the departure of her guest, and
explained afterward to Gaylord that she had been sum
moned by her father, who wanted her at home.
"Why didn't you telegraph me, madam? I'd have gone
with her— indeed I would. I would have seen' her safe to
her journey's end. Who knows what annoyances she may
encounter? You ought to h&ve told me, and I can't un
derstand why you didn't!"'
It is necessary to record the fact that Thaddeus was
not known to the fashionable set of Denver. But on his
return and upon finding that Miss Heth Lowman had been
introduced to society at Mrs. Dexter's afternoon he grew
socially ambitious.
He went to Vernon Harcourt Beresford with his dif
ficulty. Beresford lent a sympathetic ear.
'I'll bring you out, my boy!" cried Beresford. "I'll
give you a chance to make your virgin bow to society at
my table, and I'll have people there who will make the
rest easy. You ought to shine in Denver society, Gaylord.
I'm dashed if you oughtn't. But the first thing you must
do, man, is to get yourself in proper gear."
"You don't like my clothes?"
"Clothes? Do you -call those domes? Gaylord, I hate
to tell you, but the truth is. you have never dressed in
your life. You have merely covered your nakedness.
Now, you ought to have a valet."
"Do— do you think so?" asked Gaylord, doubtfully.
"But we don't raise valets out here. They don't grow in
this soil."
"You might send to England for one. I know a man
who will send you jusr the- fellow. Here's his address
had a letter from him to-day."
"I'll cable him," exclaimed Gaylord, suddenly electri
fied. "I'll do it this minute."
Ocean greyhounds are fleet, and so are the overland
filers, and in little more than a fortnight Richard Stubbs,
a gentleman's gentleman, knocked at Gaylord's door at
the Brown Palace.
Gaylord shouted to come In and Richard Stubbs en
tered.
"How do you do, sir," said Gaylord, rising, "I haven't
the pleasure — "
"Richard Stubbs, sir, of London, at your service — the
man you sent for, sir."
"Man I seqt — O. yes, yes! Glad to meet you, sir; glad
to meet you! I hope you had a pleasant voyage." He
held out a welcoming hand and greeted the Englishman
as If they were reunited brothers.
There was a pause. Stubbs finally said:
"I'm ready to begin my duties, sir. If you will kindly
tell me my room, I'll have my boxes taken up. And as
you may be going out presently, sir, perhaps you will
be kind enough to show me where I will lind your ward
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
through his domain and made me ac
quainted with the various individuali
ties temporarily tenanting the place,
and of him, as we made the rounds of
the establishment, I learned, since he
was possessed of much information
which he had no hesitancy about put
ting into circulation, many things.
He showed me harnesses, both of the
collar and breast-strap kind, and in
formed me that the collar variety was
preferable, for the reason that the
breast strap shut off the wind," and
a dog, with his wind shut off, wholly
or in part, labors under a disadvantage
when it comes to pulling heavy loads.
He also showed me the little buckskin
moccasins, some of them fleece-lined,
which, securely tied above the dew
claw on the canine leg, protect the feet
from frost, ehillblains and ice cuts.
I learned that since the Klondike ex
citement began and dogs of size, butj
no particular pedigree, came to be
merchantable articles, our frugal
Italian and Portuguese citizens, who
formerly subsisted on the income de
rived from the crops raised in outlying •
vegetable gardens, have gathered the
golden harvest from the sale of the
dogs, who heretofore protected their
small farms. Scores of dogs who
seemed, less than a year ago, destined
to spend their uneventful lives in
frightening hoodlums from making
predatory excursions into tempting
strawberry and melon beds have found
themselves torn from their homes and
delivered over to the trainer, and
thence carried to the icy land where
cold and hungry, footsore and wretched
they have worked and starved and suf
fered until death came and their poor,
abused bodies have been fed to their
less fortunate— because still alive — com
panions.
These "dago dogs," as they are called,
are, however, not the only ones that
have been swept northward by the tide
of human necessity, but from all over
the coast, from cities and villages and
ranches dogs have been collected on
speculation and shipped to Alaska. The
voyage up is particularly hard on them,
for they suffer from cramped quarters,
sea-sickness and each other's ill tem
per. When they arrive in port they are
generally a sorry looking lot, but they
are usually sorrier before their life
work is over. Life in the Klondike re
gion is hard enough for the men who go
there of their own volition, but it is far
worse for the poor brutes who are car
ried prisoners and forced to wear out
a miserable existence in unwilling and
thankless service.
They were beautiful dogs to which I
was introduced, every one of them,
though not one of them showed the dis
tinctive "points" which would have
gained him the respectful consideration
of a true dog fancier. They were all
long-haired, or what is technically
known as "rough-coated" animals, and
all in excellent condition, as their diet
and general health is carefully looked
out for for some time before sending
them away.
"Pick up a dog and send him up off
hand," said my kindly host, "and you
might as well send a dead one for all
the' good he will be. We get them used
to one regular meal a day, and Klon
dike fare at that, and when our output
arrives every dog in it is worth having.
They'll drag heavy loads, make good
time and live on cracklings or tallow
and meal."
Bingo was through with his lesson by
this time and 1 was relegated to his stall,
while two of his companions, whose ed
ucation had been longer under way,
were brought out, harnessed tandem
fashion, and driven merrily around the
inclosure for my edification. They
seemed to enjoy the performance huge
ly, holding their heads well up and
wagging their tails whenever a halt was
called, and the only mistake they made
was occasionally getting their hind feet
over the traces.
"Dogs would be a sight easier to
teach if they only had two legs," said
Jim, "but they learn to manage all four
after a while. Take a new one, though,
and he seems to be a regular centiped
the first hour you spend with him.
REGRETS THE STEP THAT
MADE HIM A HERMIT
AT the side of a hill near the Alms
house is a hut, tho front of which
has a door and one window. The
back is built into the hill. Only
a short piece of pipe peeps
through the roof, giving the outside
world the knowledge of a stove. The
one room — which serves as a kitchen,
sitting room and bedroom— is extremely
neat. A bookcase is the only luxury
outside of the necessary furniture.
And its occupant? An old man, with
beard and hair white :is the drifting
snow and eyes that retain a wonderful
brightness. He is tall, although his
shoulders are stooped with the weight
of many years. His v 'ice is gentle and
kind, bespeaking a true gentleman.
Every ' morning he starts off for a
long walk. About once or twice a week
he takes a sack unri^r his arm and with
the aid of his cane finds his way up and
down the hills into the midst of civili
zation. There ;ire several families
whom he visits, and at the first place
he usually gets a cup of hot coffee,
robe. Or you may wish me to attire you for luncheon,
sir?"
Gaylord, who had beon glancing: over the paper for the
last few seconds, looked up in something akin to con
sternation.
"Attire me for luncheon! Why, damme, man, I've got
the only clothes I have on my back— except that old
diagonal suit for Sundays. Wardrobe! Merciful powers!
Wardrobe! My wardrobe. Stubbs. Is in the closet. It
consists of pajamas and a bathrobe."
"May I ask you, sir, under those circumstances, what
my duties are to be, and— begging your pardon— why you
sent for me. sir?" ___
Oaylord stared a moment at the valet, and thon went
over to him and good humoredly pushed him into a chair.
"See here, Stubbs." said he, "I'm going to be frank
with you. I'm a miner. I've made my pile. I've traveled
a hundred miles to every one of yours. I've known cold
and hunger and rough living of all sorts. But now that's
over. I've two of the richest silver mines In the State.
I'm at a place where I can enjoy life, and I've earned my
right to do it. I've got to stand on my own merits as. a
man, but I think I'd look better to the world in general
if I had a tailor. Now, I want you to rub me down, so to
speak, and send me out well groomed. In short, array
me like Solomon. I'll place a bank account at your dis
posal and I want you to do the thing right."
Stubbs regarded him with a pair of honest bovine eyeg
for a moment. Then the man in him rose to meet the
man in Gaylord, and they shook hands vigorously in
sign of compact. This certmony over, Stubbs became in
stantly the valet, ajid was never for an instant after
ward anything else.
A week after this Vernon Harcourt Beresford gave a
dinner, and the guest of honor was Thaddeus Gaylord,
who. In the most conventional attire, told vocif'-rous
sttfrks with a gusto all his own. There were any number
of people present who were glad to make the acquaint
ance of a good story teller, because they gave dinners
themselves, and when the evening was over the new as
pirant for social favors found himself in the" possession
of a number of pleasant invitations. He went home
exultant. It was now only a matter of a few days before
he could meet Miss Lmvman on an equal footing.
The first time Gaylord met Miss Lowmai was at a
dancing party given by Mrs. Thurlow Green. I Miss Low
man wore a severe frock of white, out of which arose her
giriish neck, delicate as alabaster. Her face 'still bore a
look of innocent hauteur, and her sweet voice was tuned
to a minor key. The young gentlemen of Denver had
already dubbed her the ice maiden, but Mr. Thaddeus
Gaylord was a Chinook wind, as he himself might have
said had he undertaken a simile, and her frigidity did
not even arrest his attention.
The next day Gaylord called. The next day after that
he sent flowers. When he met her at dinner at Mrs.
Drexel's she was wearing some of them in her drab hair.
After that he always sent flowers — every, day. Her father
might well have Inquired into this devotion had it been
her father's nature to inquire into anything. But he was
a distrait sort of man. who appeared to speculate absent
mindedly, and who seemed vaguely and largely suc
cessful.
Stubbs saw the photograph of a girl on his patron's
dressing table and drew his own conclusion— especially
after he found it one morning under his g-entleman'a
pillow. In course of time a delicately painted miniature
replaced the photograph. Stubbs was able to observe
certain marked changes in his patron also.
TRAINING DOGS IN TANDEM FOR SLED USE IN ALASKA.
From a Photograph Taken at a Big Dog Training Establishment In San Francisco.
You've got to hold onto yourself to get
along with 'em at all — but there's
money in it, so it's worth while."
But I, looking pitifully at the big
shaggy heads In which there was no
with bread and butter; at another
something to put In his sack; and by
the time his last visit is made his full
sack contains enough in quality and
variety to keep him through the week.
One would think this o.d man lone
some. Not so, for although he seldom
speaks to any one except on his regu
lar visits he finds much to occupy his
mind. His dog, which guards the hut
day and night, and his books aj-e his
daily companions.
"I have no name now," he said in an
swer to a question. "I am unknown to
the world, and so let me remain. Call
me the Hermit, or what you will, but
the name I had in the world of activity
has long ago died."
"How long have you been in San
Francisco?" I asked. .
"Ever since the early part of the '50's
I was well known then, and some of
the prominent men engaged in busi
ness with me in those days are still
living. Ah! those were happy days for
me! Why did I give up that life? I
was here just fifteen years when I mar
ried one of the best girls in San Fran
cisco. After a few years of wedded
bliss she died, leaving a three-year-old
One day, however, a cloud appeared on Stubbs horizon.
It may of may not have been bigger than a man's hand;
Stubbs was not in a position to say, because for some
time he paid no attention to it whatever. The first thing
he noticed was that every morning Mr. Gaylord was
avid for his paper, and that he turned to the Washington
news and read It feverishly. Later on the valet observed
that a strange anxiety lay upon the whole city. Excited
groups talked and gesticulated together on the street
corners. Men lingered long In the barber shops, har
anguing. The hotel rotundas were thronged at night,
and, apparently, not for purposes of pleasure. Miners
thronged the city by the thousands, fresh from the camps.
Bulletins were eagerly read in the clubs and the news
paper windows. The rooms of the Mining Exchange
hummed like a hive with men.
One morning the papers printed the news that India
had suspended the coinage of silver. That day there were
three suicides at Rico and two at Ouray— and perhaps
some others elsewhere, of which no one took note The
air was electric with presage of disaster. Gaylord ate
nothing all day, and that evening he stayed in his room
—a thing he had not done since he returned rrom Chicago.
About this time Colorado began to make new fashions
for itself. Beresford invited his friends to dine with him
under the auspices of the Sheriff. So they came— all the
merry old rounders, and drank good wine under the nose
of the Sheriff— who drank as much as anybody. In fact,
Mrs. Beresford, in her corn-colored satin, held aloft an
iridescent goblet of twisted glass in her hand and cried:
"To the Sheriff," and the company drained the amber
liquid to him, while he came in from an anteroom to
bow his acknowledgments.
Up in the camps hard-luck dinners became the rage.
One dinner was given at Rico to which ten penniless men
sat down who had been millionaires, or well on the way
to be such, the week before. The food they ate was ob
tained on credit, and they sent out a telegram asking for
passes to Denver— which they got.
The days passed feverishly. Men waited 'for the final
blow. It came. The Sherman act was repealed. The
Government no longer guaranteed the purchase of silver.
Gaylord came to Stubbs with the old wnimsical smile
about his face.
"I'm done for," he said, "I'm cleaned out, Stubbs. But
there's a lot of ethers traveling my roact, and I'm not
going to feel lonesome. I'm simply going to pack my grip
and get out. If you want to go with me, you may. I
brought you over here and you may share my fortunes
to the end if you wish. But I give you fair warning
they'll be misfortunes from this time on for a while.
Of course, I'll get on my feet again somehow, but I
don't know when nor where nor how. I'm used to
roughing it, and I don't mind— at least, I wouldn't mind
but for one thing— but that's neither here nor there.
Now, what will you do? I'm with you, Stubbs! Say your
say."
"Why, sir," said the man, touched by his employer's
misfortunes, "there's a very respectable place in a bar
ber's shop that will be open to me. and I'll be better
there. I'd be a burden to you, sir, but I'll be well pro
vided for, and in condition— l beg your pardon, sir, but
you'll understand how I mean it— to be or some assist
ance to you, should you need it at any time."
The tears were In Gaylord's eyes in a second.
"No, no, Stubbs. I shan't need your assistance, I hope.
But if I do, I'll ask for it and be proud to— and there's
my hand on it. I don't know yet where I'll go, but
there are many reasons why the sooner I get away from
here the better."
-That night Thaddeus Gaylord left Denver. Stubbs re
turned to his master's old apartments at the Brown
Palace and was gathering up such of his trinkets as he
had not packed, when a nervous little knock at the door
arrested him. He opened it to the lady of the miniature.
"He is gone?" she almost whispered. "Mr. Gaylord is
really gone?" She held a note in her hand which Stubbs
at once saw was in his departed patron's handwriting.
"He is gone, madam." said Stubbs. bowing profoundly.
She walked back and forth in the room in apparent
distress of mind".
"You are his man?" she asked at length, stopping
suddenly and facing Stubbs.
"I am, and If I can be of any service to you pray let
me know, ma'am. I'm sure Mr. Gaylord would wish me
to da anything in my power — or — or his, ma'am."
"Mr. Gaylord," said the lady, "was— was a friend of
mine. He has gone just when I needed him most. I do
not know what to do— what to do— what to do!" She
wrung her pretty little hands together.
"Won't you tell me what I can do for you, ma'am.
There is certainly something!"
"Listen!" she eaid, drawing near the valet and looking
at him with dilated eyes. "I have something so terrible
to say that you will hardly believe me! No one knows
yet— not a soul. As soon as I found it out I locked the
door and came here. I ran all the way. I knew the
number of his room, and I came right here— and he is
gone. I had a note saying he was going, but I thought I
might g»-t here in time. Do you know what has happened?
My father — " she took hold of the valet's sleeve— groping
for human sympathy— "my poor father has killed, him
self!"
By and by she grew calmer and permitted him to in
form the proper persons and to send for her carriage
and see her safe home. He sent out telegrams after the
departing train on which his patron had gone, but no
response came.
The death of Georee Lowman attracted but little at
forebodings of the cruel hardships com
ing daily nearer, and feeling Bingo's
friendly, cold nose push against my
hand as I passed him on my way out,
felt that I, "worth while" though it
daughter. I kept my home for this lit
tle girl, who had all the advantages T>f
a good education, music and language
included. One day I returned from my
office and found my daughter gone. Af
ter a diligent search she was located in
a place where good girls should not be.
I kept my home, with the vain hope
that she would some day return, until
I heard of her miserable death. Broken
hearted I sold ever; thing and fled to
the hills to find peace and comfort in
the quietness of nature, and here I still
am."
"Do you not sometimes wish yourself
back in the city?"
"Sometimes I do, and regret the
hasty and foolish step I took; but I
have become accustomt.. to my sur
roundings and expect to remain here
till I die."
DESERTIONS ARE NOT COMMON.
The recent arrest in Jamaica of an al
leged deserter from a warship in the
Brooklyn Navy Yard was rather an un
usual event in this neighborhood.
Sometimes soldiers stray from Willets
Point or sailors from the navy yard get
drunk and overstay their time, but that
is an offense hardly to be called deser
tion.
The service of Uncle Sam has become
much more attractive of recent years
than it was in the past. Barring the
chance of getting into the command of
a brutal officer, the wearer of the blue
has a pretty good opportunity to profit
by his enlistment. Of course the pay
tention. When the news of his insolvency and his suicide
went abroad people simply concluded that they had over
estimated his wealth and had been mistake^ as to the
source from which it came.
His daughter's existence was unknown to many of
those who had an acquaintance with her father, for it
was but a few weeks since she came to the city. The
women who had taken it upon themselves to introduce
her and to show her courtesies were kind now, and
invited her to their houses and sent flowers.
The poor child turned toward them a white face of
refusal and shut her doors on all the world. She dis
missed the servants the next morning and bent herself
to the task of looking after her father's affairs. She
gave the whole thing over finally into the hands of his
attorneys and quitted the place at twilight, when none
might see her, with no attendant save the faithful Stubbs.
He had sent her trunk to a quiet place in the suburbs,
where the mountains looked down on a grass-grown table
land and white streets, irrigating ditches apd clumps of
wild willows.
For several days she did little but He on the settee
and watch the rise and fall of the fire. The conscious
ness that she would soon be penniless had prompted her
to forbid Stubbs to let any of her few friends know her
whereabouts. A few days more would bring her to pen
ury. Her proud little spirit would not endure the idea
of mendicancy, even in its most agreeable forms, and
she shut herself close in the house and kept her heart
ache as her only guest.
She kept a diary and made notes of her emotions, and
she watched the mails, and was forever expecting a let
ter from Gaylord, who had gone, as he explained to her
in his farewell note, to retrieve himself and would return
to her only when he was once more a rich man.
She was convinced that he was keeping watchful care
over her when, about a month after her misfortunes, and
just when her fortune looked the blackest, an envelope
came, containing a number of bills — quite enough to keep
her in comfort for several weeks to come. She told
Stubbs about the money — she was confidential with Stubbs
—and asked him if he didn't suppose Mr. Gaylord had
caused his banker to send the money, which would ac
count for the Denver stamp mark on the envelope.
Stubbs said that was a reasonable supposition, and little
Miss Lowman was perfectly happy.
As the months went by the mysterious stipend con
tinued to come unfailingly, and Heth kept up her spirits
and made herself useful. She loved the spot where she
lived. The eagles flew over it sometimes and the moun
tains were seldom hidden. One day that which Heth
expected happened.
Stubbs hadjiot called in the morning, as usual, and
Miss Lowman, who had come to depend upon him for her
morning paper, and any small service she might wish
performed, wondered if he. were ill. She sat at the win
dow sewing lace in the neck of her little gray Sunday
frock, when she saw him coming down tne street. And,
gladness, gladness! He was not alone! Beside him
strode a gentleman in resplendent attirp— a gentleman
with a flamboyant mustache— a gentleman who looked
as if he were in the habit of having men and obstacles
and even United States mail wagons get out of his way!
She flew back to her own room and sat down and
sewed some more of the lace in the neck of her frock
with an air of deadly indifference. She heard some one
bounding up the stairs three at a time — ana she still
sewed in the lace. She heard an impetuous knock at the
door, and it burst open— Heth was just knotting a thread
—and the next thing she knew she was not in her chair
at all, or on the floor at all. but— well, well, never mind.
"Well," said he. "Heth, I'm back!"
No one smiled. Every one seemed to think the remark
was needed.
"I'm on my feet again. I knew I would be— with you
waiting. Alaska salmon did it. I canned the tails.. Th 2
fools were throwing away as much as they canned— l
swear they were. I've got a cannery in the shadow of
a volcano and under the lid of a glacier and I want you
to see it."
It didn't seem surprising to anybody that Gaylord
should wish to take his bride to a salmon cannery.
"I didn't know your plight, dear child, till Stubbs told
me— heavens! if I had known it, I'd have been home quick
enough." *
"But if you didn't know about ray misfortunes." said
she suddenly, "how was it that -you sent me that money
every month? But for you I should have been a beggar
and I know I should have broken my heart."
"Money." said Gaylord, "money!"
Stubbs was making for the door.
"Come back here, you rascal," cried Gaylord. "Turn
around, sir."
Stubbs' face was scarlet.
"Look at that, my dear, will you." cried Gaylord,
"look at that! Guilt painted on every feature! See that,
my dear!"
Heth got up and slipped her hand in Stubbs 1 big paw.
"I hope you will never have to be parted fr,om— from
Mr. Gaylord— and— and me," said she.
Gaylord was mopping his blue eyes. "Stubbs," he
said, "I—"
"Don't mention It sir. if you please. My fathers have
been gentlemen's men for five generations, sir. and it
would be queer if I didn't understand a gentleman's feel
ings, sir, and know what he would want do/ie under cer
tain circumstances."
"How," cried Gaylor, throwing up his hand, "can I
even live up to Stubbs!" ELLA W. PEATTIE.
Copyright, 189S, by S. S. McClurc G»
might be, should be an utter failure i
a Klondike dog merchant for the rea*
son that I should never have the heart
to ship a single one of them to his
doom.
is small, but the soldier or sailor is
"found" and has little need of spend
ing money. The service is excellent for
the health, especially in the case of men
who have suffered from too much whis
ky.
The establishment of post schools,
where enlisted men may repair the de
fects of their early education, is a good
thing for the Tommies and Jackies. It
is quite possible for an ignorant, stuop
shouldered and consumptive young fel
low, scarcely knowing his A B C's to
be turned out at the end of a term of
enlistment in the army a taller, bigger,
handsomer man, with a full chest, a
good education, the habit of command
as a petty officer and enough money
saved to embark in some small business
for himself.
Great Explorer's Friend (as the lat
ter is about to start)— Well, professor,
you've arranged for your lectures and
book when you come back, haven't
you?
Great Explorer— Yes; also my testi
monials are written for the canned
goods, the clothing, .the boats and the
cooking utensils. All I have to do now
is to get lost, and my fortune is made.
— Boston Journal.
Wife— Really, Fred, I must say I
think you are the worst-dressed man
in the town.
Hubby— And you, my dear, are the
best-dressed woman, which accounts
for it.FELL IN LOVE with HIS WIFE when SHE WAS A BABY and THEN WAITED 14 YEARS for HER
COLTON, Cal., March IS.— John
E. "Wilson, who lives on a beau
tiful ranch near Cucamonga, in
this county, has come from El
Paso, Texas, with a matrimonial
prize certainly well worth the
long years that he has waited
and courted.
All the world loves a lover. The
lover of the variety of this new bride
groom is so extraordinary that the
hearts of all who read these simple an
r.als of courtship must beat in joy with
his. The lovers in poetry and romance
are all phenomenal in a thousand and
one charming characteristics, but in
the world of reality of to-day thcra
surely can be none more persisient,
loyally devoted and zealously ambi
tious than Ranchman John E. Wilson
has been.
In December, 18S3, John Wilson, a
clerk in a grocery-store- in San Diego,
went upon a visit to his mother's
paternal home in Louisiana. On the
there, at his father's request, he
snapped to visit for a few days at the
home of his father's old friend and
companion, Benjamin Deuchler, at
Waco, Texas. The hero of this story,
John Wilson, was then 21 years old. a
handsome, blue-eyed, active and prom
ising young man. He had lived with his
parents in San Diego several years. He
was cordially received in the Deuchler
home, and his visit was so pleasant
READ THIS AND SEE IF YOU ARE INFLU
ENCED BY THE SOLAR SYSTEM
DOES the time of year that a per
son is born make a difference in
the characteristics, mental and
physical, of that person?
Is it a fad or a fancy or vivid
imagination, or is there a foun
dation of truth in this idea? Are the
people who celebrate their birthdays in
the spring of the year more practical,
capable of stronger reasoning power,
•while those of the corresponding fall
months are more sensitive and rely
more upon intuition?
Look about among your own imme
diai ■ circle of friends, and see if any
..f -iese delineations fit them. Here
are some of "the signs" furnished by
students of solar bic-logy. Try them.
Are the persons whose date of birth
comes between March 21 .and April 19,
the sign of Aries in the Zodiac, partic
ularly fond of philosophy, reason and
scientific thought, must do everything
in their own way, get confused if
obliged to follow others' plans, love or
der, elegance and beauty, fond of mu
sic and dancing, more liable to brain
diseases than others, excitement liable
to bring on headache.
From the 19th of April to the 20th of
May. in the sign of Taurus, are they
"stiff-necked," unyielding, natural con
querors and determined to- have their
own way at all hazards, zealous and
sanguine, but liable to extremes, good
business ability, but liable to be influ
enced by the minds around them, and
should make all important decisions
when alone?
From the 20th of May to the 21st of
June, they belong to the sign of Gemini,
end are always active, restless and anx
ious, never satisfied, cannot keep their
A TURKISH GIANT WHO HAS COME TO THIS COUNTRY TO WRESTLE ALL COMERS
~ ™,r- , C u.n ,m uic ctdfpt nRE^S. YOUSOUF AND HIS TRAINING PARTNER IN THE "CROSS-ARM" POSiTiOK- "REVERSE BODY" HOLD WITH THE "TERRIBLE" GREEK IN JEOPARDY. END OF -REVERSE BODY" HOLD AND THE BOUT.
YOUSOUr IbMAIL IN nlo ol ntti u»nt.j>* iv^w^v^
LITTLE EMMA DEUCHLER.
FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN 15 YEARS AGO, WHEN WILSON FIRST SAW HER.
that he was urged to prolong it a week
or two.
Among the several children in the
Deuchler household was Emma, a lit
tle, black-eyed, jolly child, who had
just passed her sixth year. She was by
long odds the beauty of the family. She
took the visitor by the hand and led
him about the yard. She triumphantly
showed him her pet dog, her cats, kit
tens and rabbits; recited "Mother
Goose" rhymes by the dozen and
climbed upon his back in play.
The young man was attracted to the
child from the first, and as the days
passed and he saw her perennial good
nature, her cunning, affectionate ways
and looked into her big black eyes, his
soul was struggling with his reason ere
he knew it. Little Emma had graduated
from the kindergarten at that time.
John helped her in her lessons for
school. He taught her the intricacies
of such mathematical problems as add
ing two and five. He guided her
through the mazes of spelling words
of two syllables. Nothing like this ex
perience had ever come into his life
before.
The rest of the Deuchler family gave
no more than passing heed to their
young-man visitor's liking for the lisp
ing child's company. They attributed
it to a general fondness of the visitor
for any vivacious child. "The fact is,"
said Mr. Wilson, the other day, in
speaking of that first visit to the
Deuchler home, "I fell in love with
hands still or sit quietly for any length
of time, liable to nervous disturbances,
vivacious, but liable to great extremes,
lovers of knowledge, and usually fluent
speakers.
From June 21 to July 22, the sign of
Cancer, which makes great lovers of
home arid family, kind and loving in all
the home relations, will lab<?r indefati
gably to care for family, but extremely
sensitive to the mental and physical
conditions of those around them.
From July 22 to August 22 is the sign
of Leo, or the heart, and gives a great
variety of inclinations; they are easily
led, but lack natural policy, and con
sequently get into many difficulties.
Frc-m August 22 until September 23,
the sign of Virgo, gives a fine and dis
criminating mind, but makes them pe
culiar and notional about their food,
their eyes keen and discriminating,
making excellent proof-readers, fond of
harmony, discord will affect their ap
petite, cannot bear pain, have great
rallying power and also have a strong
tendency toward selfishness.
From September 23 to October 23 Is
the sign of Libra, which gives great
foresight, susceptibility <-f psychic con
trol, are affectionate and demonstra
tive, subject to fits of the blues, always
ready to study any new thing that
comes along and have great mechani
cal ability.
From October 23 to November 22 the
sign of Scorpio gives strong appetites,
strong passions, often a quick temper
and a great deal of Jealousy; makes
them conventional and proud and apt
to think of self first and as husband
or wife, as the case may be, they ex
pect to rule. Gives strong will and
psychological power over others.
From November 22 to December 21
is the sign of Sagittarius, the natural
executive, bold, fearless and combative,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
Emma at sight, baby though she was.
I did not dare to let any one know that
a young man, who had reached his ma
jority, could have the more affection
than I did for a child in short dresses
and not able to speak plainly common
words. Nevertheless, I secretly re
solved then and there to win the love
of Emma when she had grown to young
womanhood."
In a fortnight young Wilson's visit
came to an end. Before he had turned
his face toward his Southern Califor
nia home he got a promise from little
Emma to print him a few words of a
letter at least once in every two weeks.
He in turn agreed to write her a pleas
ant message once a week and to send
her remembrances from California. The
Deuchler parents thought it very g-ood
of the son of their old-time friends, the
San Diego Wilsons, to take such an in
terest in their little child, and Mrs.
Deuchler was especially pleased at the
epistolary interest John took in seven
year-old Emma.
From that time until a month ago
a correspondence was continued be
tween John Wilson and his sweet lit
tle brunette inamorita. What an in
teresting story of love the several great
boxes of letters back and forth might
tell! • They begin with simple, clum
sily printed n.essages from the tod
dling Emma to her big young man
friend, and they concerned the doings
in dolldom, information about the
household dog and cats and the plays
I too quick to act and speak; persons of
one thought and one idea at a time, de
j voted to a cause they require to be
kept active or they lose interest. Gives
physical strength.
December 21 to January 20 is the
i head of the business world; gives the
I reasoners and philosophers in business
i schemes, makes them proud and inde
pendent and it is difficult for them to
I economize; are natural organizers and
j not very domestic.
January 20 to February 19, the sign
of Aquarius, gives to its progeny a use
ful bent, often in a mercantile way;
are successful dealing with people, so
I are frequently found as politicians;
i are clear reasoners and materialistic,
i fond of the opera, fairs, theaters and
I places of popular resort, and are of an
j active, nervous temperament.
February 19 to March 21 is the sign
; of Pisces, gives a love of knowledge of
i all kinds, makes them anxious about
i money matters and provision for the
I future, for they cannot bear to be de
pendent, but gives a lack of self-con
fidence. They fear that they have ob
stacles to overcome, which makes them
persistent and faithful in their duties.
They make accurate and careful ac
countants and clerks in any position
requiring responsibility.
Are the planets responsible for the
character of human beings, and havo
they any influence over the seasons,
the tides, and are they guides to the
Yankee farmer to tell him when to
| plant potatoes?
Is the day coming when instead of
quickly punishing a child for sonK;
transgression you consult its horoscope
and first ascertain whether or not he
is responsible for his quick, ungovern
able temper or his tendency to fib as
indicated by his zodiacal signs? And
when one woman says something sar
castic about another will the listener
EMMA DEUCHLER WHEN 0 BRIDE.
FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN LAST WEEK.
and rompings of a happy, innocent lit
tle girl. Then there are longer let
ters in all developments of a childish
chirography, telling of story books that
have come into the writer's life, her
new dresses and all about her lessons
at school, and her opinions of her
brothers, sisters and playmates.
There are hundreds of letters in that
collection from Emma Deuchler as a
girl in her teens, who at that time
thought it great fun to write to a
young man. and more especially to get
letters from him. There are also
bunches of letters (tied with ribbons
and jealously guarded) in this uncom
mon collection from the young woman,
Emma, who then realized that there
is a heart in California, which has
been beating for longer than a decade
for her, and for whom she had more
genuine feeling than for any of the
young men, her long companions at
school and in her home, who had waked
to the charm of Emma Deuchler, then
out of school and just entering so
ciety.
A smaller bunch, which none other
than Mr. Wilson and his bride will
ever see, were written in the past year,
and are as earnest ;is were ever com
posed in ardent and shorter courtship.
Since the end of that first visit in the
Deuchler home at Waco, Tex., fourteen
years ago last December there have
been many vicissitudes in the lives and
fortunes of John Wilson and the child
ish Emma. But Wilson never for an
hour faltered in his love and devotion
hunt up the speaker's birthday and
conclude, "Why, she was born in No
vember; she can't help making such
biting remarks."
Is the day coming when our birth
signs in the zodiac will save us from
our judges?
A FISH THAT_ WALKS.
THE Zoological Gardens in London
have acquired n<> less than seven
walking fish or mud skippers.
The mud skipper is a large fish,
which walks on land frequently. It
also climbs trees and doe? other things
equally curious. A well-Frown speci
men weighs from forty to fifty pounds.
It has a head something like that of a
mastiff, the resemblance being very
striking about the lower jaw. The
scientific name of the mud skipper is
Periopthalmus.
The mud skipper walks principally
by means of its pectoral fins and its
tail. It gets along exceedingly well. It
is fairly common along the shores of
the Indo-Pacific Ocean — that is to say,
in Southeastern Asia. In Siam plenty
of mud skippers are to be found.
The most remarkable accomplish
ment of the mud skipper is to climb
trees. With its pectoral fins it catches
hold of a tree trunk as firmly as if it
had hands. It goes up into thp tree in
search of insects, sunshine and fresh
air.
The mud skipper has a loud, hoarse
voice.
When Handel once undertook, in a
crowded church, to play the dismissal
on a fine organ, the congregation were
so entranced that they did not stir, till
at length the regular organist impa
tiently waved Handel out of his seat,
saying:
"You cannot dismiss a congregation.
See how soon I can disperse them."
YOUSOUF ISMAIL, the Turkish
Graeco-Roman wrestler, has re
cently arrived in New York in
search of a match. He has de
posited $500 and declares he Is
ready to meet all comers. He stands
Blx feet two Inches high and weighs 220
pounds.
The new aspirant for championship
JOHN E. WILSON,
WHO WAITED FOURTEEN YEARS FOR HIS SWEETHEART TO COME OF AGE.— FROM A PHOTOGRAPH.
to the little girl. No Argonaut ever
hunted the Golden Fleece with more
restless zeal. No fabled story of an
cient lovers tells a more fervent waging
of a suit than this has been. For four
years Wilson was a clerk in a San
Diego store, then a traveling salesman
for a wholesale dry goods house in St.
Louis. He went to England one year
to straighten his father's estate. He
was in Honolulu when the Queen was
deposed, and he was a real estate agent
in the boom in Seattle in 1889.
But notwithstanding where he has
been, no matter what the attractions
for him and the demands upon his
time, he has always written to his girl
love at least once in ten days — more
often twice a week. His parents left
him an agreeably large estate four
years ago. Two years ago he bought
ranch property in San Bernardino
County, and he has made it very at
tractive and fruitful.
For six years this rarely devoted
lover kept his love for little Emma
Deuchler in his heart. As the years
passed his ambition to make her his
bride grew firmer. His parents and rela
tives could not understand him, and he
was set down by all who knew him
well as a confirmed bachelor and an
irreconcilable, constitutional ■woman
hater at 26. They knew he wrote often
to a prattling tot in Texas, and sent
her pretty presents with marked regu
larity, but that was ascribed to a fond
ness for a jolly, cute child and a lik
ing for his father's old Texas friends.
COSTS OUR CITY $25 EVERY TIME THE
FIRE ALARM BELL RINGS.
NEW YORK claims that every
alarm of fire, of which there is
an average of eighteen daily,
false and actual, costs $545. This
Bam is just $345 in excess of
what London pays for the same
inestimably valuable modern conveni
ence of learning where fires are, and
having them extinguished.
In Greater New York, with its five
boroughs, there was during the past
fiscal year 6463 alarms, and the entire
cost of maintaining the fire department
was $3,510,000. The fire department of
Boston spent during the same time I
$1.135.000, that of Philadelphia $913,190 32
and that of San Francisco only $626,
000. While London, with an average
of ten fires each twenty-four hours,
allows her fire department only $750,000
for twelve months' expenses.
In arriving at the cost, as stated, for
each fire alarm, the New York method
of procedure is simply to divide the en
tire expense of the department by the j
number of alarms sent in during the !
given time. This way of presenting
the matter is. however, decidedly un
fair and is certain to give an additional
terror to the sounds of the fire bells J
and whistles as they clang and shriek
into the taxpayers' ears.
The absurdity of such, reckoning is
self-evident, since the conclusion at
which a mathematical mind must ar
rive is that the greater the number of
fires the less is the expense which is
entailed upon the city, whereas the reg
ular expenses of an organized depart
ment are the same whether fires be |
frequent or infrequent, and the alarms j
themselves cost just what extra out
lay is required to answer them, fight
Young Wilson visited his friends, the
Deuchlers, two or three times a year at
first.
In one of his visits ther along about
1890, he could not longer keep his burn
ing, enthralling love secret. He sat up
late one night with Mr. and Mrs.
Deuchler and told into their astonished
ears the story of his consuming passion
and his ambition to some day make the
little Emma (then fast asleep in child
ish dreams with her sisters upstairs)
his wife. When at length the mother
recovered her speech and reason she
laughed at the idea of such a strange
infatuation. In vain she argued the
wide disparity in the ages of ncr little
girl and the young man lover.
Both father and mother pitied the
honest, faithful lover as they tried to
show how very possible it would be for
the girl; as she grew to womanhood, to
have no reciprocation of nis sentiment
for her and how unsuited she might be
to him at a marriageable age. The pa
rents and the visitor talked in this vein
till early morning. The lover remained
as persistent as ever.
Several years ago Mr. Deuchler failed
in business in Waco and he and his
family moved to El Paso. Wilson vis
ited the family more frequently. He
was pledged, however, never to speak
of his love to the girlish Emma until
after she had reached her eighteenth
birthday. He Kept the pledge sacredly,
althougl as he admits, it required
more determination than anything he
ever experienced.
fires when fires occur and repair dam
aged apparatus.
Computing the cost according to the
New York method, San Francisco,
whose allowance for her firemen is far
less than that of any of the other large
cities, with the exception of London,
where the firemen are very poorly paid
and poorly cared for, paid $654 for each
of her fire alarms last year. This fact,
however, is a cause for self-congratu
lation on the part of her citizens, since
it shows that there were only 957
alarms during that entire period.
The actual average cost of each of
these alarms, that is the additional ex
pense to which they put the depart
ment, was just $24 90, so no San Fran
ciscan need shudder when bells and
whistles sound, save at the thought of
the danger, if the alarm be a genuine
one, into which brave men rush, with
out thought of anything but their duty,
at that call.
The entire force employed by the
London fire department comprises only
1000 men, whose wages are about half
the average paid to regular fire-fighters
in our large cities. New York has 1700
paid men on her roll, Boston 800 and San
Francisco 564. this list including both
uniformed and ununiformed men.
The Boston department, the special
pride of that city, has a drill school
where new members serve thirty days
and go through all that a fireman has
to go through, with the exception of
actual fire and smoke. Fire fighting is
a lif 3 profession with Boston firemen
after they pass the severe ordeal of the
drill school and serve six months on
probation. The salaries paid are good,
being $1000. $1100 and $1200 for hose and
truck men, $1500 for captains and $1450
for engineers. Philadelphia pays $100
yearly more to her hose and truck men,
$60 less to her captains and $70 less to
honors has no Knotty muscles stanaing
out like the every day "strong man,"
but is smoothly developed, no one set
of muscles having been enlarged at the
expense of the others. He says quite
confidently that he can throw Sandow
out of any window the latter may se
lect. The only proviso he makes is that
the window shall be large enough for
Sandow's body to be squeezed through.
Two years ago last July, he, for the
first time after his unique courtship
of barely twelve years, revealed his
heart to the young woman. How far
she was prepared for information •no
one will ever know.
Then there was a year of waiting for
the young woman to come to a decis
ion. Meanwhile her devoted and vigi
lant suitor was more active than ever.
When a decision had been reached Mrs.
Deuchler suddenly died, and Miss
Emma could not leave her father's
lonely home for another year. The date
of the marriage was finally settled
upon. Mr. Wilson at once employed a
force of carpenters, decorators and fur
nishers to make his ranch home ready
for the coming of his bride, and he
went about as one in a daze of bliss
at the approach of the goal of his
long ambition.
All was ready by the 23d of last
month. Meanwhile Mr. Wilson went
to El Paso.
There, three days later, the first
chapter in an extraordinarily real love
story closed. After fourteen years of
ceaseless devotion to gain a human
heart, fourteen years of consuming
love, formed for a mere child at play
among her dolls and unfalteringly con
tinued through childhood, youth and
into young womanhood, was beauti
fully crowned.
The couple went upon a wedding tour
to St. Louis, thence to San Francisco,
thence to Coronado, and thence to their
home in this locality.
her engineers, while San Francisco
pays her engineers more money and her
other, men a little less.
Boston has forty-five engine compa
nies, including two double companies',
two fire boats, seventeen ladder compa
nies, twelve chemical engines, two wa
ter towers, one independent hose com
pany, two combination wagons and two
combination ladder companies, and San
Francisco's equipment consists of thir
ty-four engine companies, six chemical
engines, seven truck companies, one
water tower and two, monitor batteries.
Compared with other cities, our pro
portion of the $112,500,000 yearly lost by
fire in the United States is very small,
and we have the lowest death rate
among our firemen. Had we a fully
paid fire department, instead of de
pending, as we do, for a great part of
the actual work done at fires upon "ex
tra" men, who, receiving only $35"
monthly, are allowed to employ them
selves in other ways provided they obey
fire-calls with all possible alacrity, it
would be of great advantage to our
residents and property owners. The
extra expense would be more than com
pensated for by the greater efficiency
of well-drilled and always "ready"
men.
As matters are now arranged, we
! have only 155 uniformed men who make
I a business of giving their entire time
! and attention to the regular fireman's
! duties, but we have nearly 400 men,
j "members at call," scattered about the
: city eking out their "extraman's pay"
i by various employments.
"Billinger is going to lecture on the
Klondike."
"Fudge! he has never been there."
"Well, neither have the people who
will hear him lecture."
2324
The Book of the Month: Paris
Paris! That name suggests more Ideas |
to more people than any other word i
among the languages of men. It recalls
the revolution -which at the close of the
last century overthrew the old order of I
things, signifies the most brilliant real
ization of the present social system,
which that revolution brought into be- |
Ing, and now, more potently than any !
other one word, intimates a prophecy of i
another revolution and a new social or
der yet to be.
All the world reads with interest of
Paris; or if any one here or there is so
sated and staled by the frequent repeti
tion of its story as to turn aside indif
ferently from a book bearing as a title
that magic name the nagging interest
would be revived and the jaded curiosity
be roused again by seeing upon the vol
ume inscribed as author the name of
Zola, To-day the name of the man is
almost as famous as the name of the city.
Whenever in intelligent circles either is
mentioned the other is soon heard. Each
name serves contending parties as a
battle-cry in the conflicting opinions .of
the time. Each has strong friends and
bitter enemies. Few men regard either
with indifference.
For these reasons "Paris, by Emile j
Zola," is destined to be the subject of as |
fierce a controversy as has ever been i
waged in the annals of literature, anu an I
excellent translation into English by j
Ernest A. Vizetelly just published in two j
volumes by the Macmillan Company of I
London and New Yurk, will give to Brit- ;
ish and American ulers and critics a \
fair cause and opportunity to take part
In the conflict with as much keenness as j
the French themselves. The work is for j
saie in this cuy by all booksellers, and j
San Francisco, therefore, is as well sit
uated to share in the fray as any other i
community.
The work is the culmination of the most
ambitious literary effort of our time. In
the trilogy of the three cities, Lourdes,
Borne and Paris, Zola has attempted to
accomplish much more than the narra
tion of interesting incidents, the delinea
tion of striking characters, the picturing
of the manners and morals of the time,
and the portrayal of the emotions and
passions of men involved in the meshes of
chance and circumstance, lured_by for
tune and confronted by fate. Al^of these
things have a place in the drama un
folded in the trilogy, but they are but
accessories to the central theme, which
is no less than the struggle of humanity
toward a new birth through which it
ehall attain a clearer perception of truth
than has ever yet been taught in church
or temple, by sage, prophet or priest
Since the world began.
Paris as depicted in this work is very
different from the Paris of popular con
ception, of fashionable novels or of guide
books. It is even different from the Paris
of the earlier novels of Zola himself. It
is not simply a splendid capital where
luxury and misery crowd together, where
tragedies and comedies mingle incessant
ly, where pleasure-seekers from the four
Quarters of the earth assemble to vie with
one another in extravagance, where our
civilization has blossomed into its most
voluptuous rose and bears it sharpest
thorn. It is as Zola himself describes it,
"A huge vat in which a world fermented,
Bomething of the best and something of
the worst, a frightful mixture such as
Borceresses might have used; precious
powders mingled with filth, from all of
11 The realization of the best within us." — Rev. William Rader.
" It is the vision of Christ." — Rev. J. G. Gibson.
" Heaven is a place." — Rev. C. B. Cherington.
"A place of many cities and many heavens." — Major Frank Robinson.
HAT is heaven like? Fervid eloquence, in
1 / spired by ardent imagination in thousands
1 /of pulpits, during the Christian centuries
VJw has been employed to describe the unseen
glories of the blessed place or condition.
Wise men have differed as to whether
heaven is a place or a condition. Belief
differs still concerning that. Faith and hope alike
lead all worshipers of the unseen God to look for
ward to a life of bliss beyc-nd the grave as a reward
Tor good deeds done in the flesh. The following opin
ions are in line with that view, but at the same time
there is a wide divergence of opinion on the question:
What is your idea of heaven?
• • •
The doctrine of heaven is so inextricably con
nected with pagan fancies and unreal and impossible
Munitions that there Is an
lination on the part of
theologians to surrender to
the well-established fancies
- of the popular mind and to
Bpeak of heaven in terms of poetry and symbolism.
But it is this old idea that prompts Frederick Harri-
Bon to speak of heaven as a vacuous eternity, a future
of ceaseless psalmody, and who asks with fine scorn:
"Why should this great end staring at all of us along
the vista of each human life be forever a matter of
clithyrambic hypotheses anc*- evasive tropes."
To be brief and at the same time intelligible I
would say that I do not believe that heaven is the
Elyeian plains of the Greeks; nor in the green para
difro ot the Scandinavian; nor in the conventional
dream of streets of gold, and songs and harps, for
which the orthodox Christian longs. I say I do not
believe in these, but. strictly speaking, I do, and so
flo you, my reader. We all believe in the fundamental
truths of these grand old pictures painted by the
common mind, and respect, with reverent admiration,
the mighty rose of Dante, with its petals made up 01
living angels, its glorious center the very holy of
holies; in the transcendent pictures of Milton; and in
the city of the new Jerusalem, which John saw de-
Bcending out of heaven.
We always think of heaven through the ijnagina
tion. Nobody has returned to tell us what heaven is,
and I confess that we all must be agnostic, just aa
l-aul was when he said: "Now we see through a glass
darkly, but then, face to face; now we know in part,
but then we shall know even as we are known."
Heaven is not up nor down; neither here nor
there; but, in the thought of the New Testament,
Is the absence of sin. It is life, without life's agonies;
It is a temper; it may leave locality; if there is to
be a place, then this present world will probably be
that place. Heaven is harmony. It is progressive be
cause it is life; redemptive forever, because it is the
very expression of eternal love;* a condition of spirit
ual satisfaction.
Heaven is the realization of the best within us.
[t is life at its highest. Every soul makes its own
heaven; its own hell. I believe in degrees there. Some
have greater capacities than others. Heaven is time
winnowed of its limitations and imperfections. The
•ocial problem is the attempt to translate the dream
t>f heaven into present industrial and political con
ditions.
• •■■■•
As a Christian I like to think of heaven in the
words of Christ. "In my father's house are many
mansions. I go to prepare a
place for you, and if I go I
shall come back again and
receive you unto myself."
Where heaven is I do not
know. The Bible, as far as I have studied it, does
not tell. From my reading of the old book it seems
to me it is a place of abode and not a mere condition
or existence.
Will it have pearly gates and streets of gold? I
do not know. In fact I do not care. There will be no
REV. WILLIAM RADtR,
Congregationalist
REV. J. GEORGE
GIBSON,
Baptist.
which was to come the filter of love and
eternal youth."
This being the conception of Paris out
of which the story and all of its philoso
phy grow, it is scarcely necessary to say
the book will not find favor with those to
whom a novel is merely a means of pass
ing with pleasure an idle hour. It is not
meant for those who desire only a pleas
ant tale or an exciting romance to amuse
them. It is a work for the study of the
serious; to be read as an illustration of
total depravity, or as a prophecy of the
speedy coming of the dawn ot a brighter
day." It is a challenge to every form of
conventional religion, to the Church of
Rome and to the whole scheme and dog
ma <>f Christianity.
The keynote of the book is a denuncia
tion of religion founded on charity and a
demand for a religion founded on justice.
The hero whose experiences and intellec
tual development constitute the continu
ity of the plot throughout the trilogy,
sought first for satisfaction for his aspi
rations at Lourdes. but found there only
the glorification of mysticism and renun
ciation of reason. He turned to Rome to
see if the faith and ardor of primitive
Christianity could be renewed by the
church, but found there what Zola calls
"the rotted" trunk of a tree that could
never put forth another spring time." He
went at last to Paris and sought consola
tion in works of charity, only to find that
charity itself is a blunder, that the reli
gion founded on it has become bankrupt.
and that alms can never cure the suffer
ing of mankind.
The story opens with Froment serving
in one of the churches of Paris as an un
believing priest, convinced of the useless
ness of all his efforts to help others to
ward salvation. He goes forth on a mis
sion of charity, and straightway the nar
rative plunges into the slums and miser
ies of Paris. From the wretched tene
ments where poverty dies of hunger, and
enforced idleness breeds the mad spirit
of anarchy, he goes to certain rich phil
anthropists to seek aid for a starving
man. Here he enters into the stream of
corruption which wealth breeds, and
comes into contact with one of the lead
ing characters of the story, Baron Du
villard, who "rotted and devoured, cor
rupted and swallowed everything he
touched, and was also the tempter per
sonified—the man who bought all con
sciences that were for sale."
In this circle of the aristocracy of
' wealth he finds many patrons of ehari
i table Institutions, but not one to help the
i dying wretch in whom for the moment he
is particularly interested. He turns from
them to the statesmen of the time and a
striking chapter of the story describes a
I scene in the Chamber of Deputies when a
j scandal breaks out over the bribery re
j sorted to by Duvillard to carry through
a great railway scheme. Among the
characters introduced in this scene are
many which can be recognized even by
American readers as portraits of well
known politicians and journalists.
Froment fails in this circle as in the
former one and is led to a visit to the
: residence of "Sylvaine," the mistress of
Duvillard, a woman of "virginal coun
tenance," with aspirations for success on
the stage; a character which can be read
ily recognized as that of a Parisian cele
brity recently in this country. Here also
tie fails. No help is forthcoming. The
: starving workingman dies in his garret.
His friend Salvat, who also is destitute
and starving, goes forth desperate Into the
streets of Paris with a bomb made of
a powerful explosive he has stolen from
trouble there. That is evidently the meaning of
Christ when he says just before the worcs we have
quoted— "Let not your heart be troubled." I for one
will be pleased with the furniture of heaven, what
ever it is, and with the locality of heaven, wherever it
is, if there is no trouble in it.
To me heaven is the vision of Christ. "We shall
be like him, for we shall see him as he is." He will
be there and to know him perfectly and see him with
out any veil of doubt between will be heaven.
* • * .-;■'
Heaven is a place prepared by God for his chil
dren, not a city, but many cities and many heavens,
— — •~ T where all the redeemed ones
are praising God, singing
around his throne, walking
the gold - paved streets,
. plucking heavenly flowers
and fruits.
• * *
I do not believe that I care to discuss In public
the topic In question. ' To suppose that heaven 'is a
i ■ — r real city, with real streets,
j is simply to draw upon our
everyday experience for that
which must transcend all
experience. Any other idea
of heaven. in so far as it is definite, must be drawn
from experience, and we have no reason to suppose
that our experience gives any clew to the nature of
continued existence. .
* • •
Reading John xlv, second and third verses, where
Jesus said: "In my Father's house are many man-
— — [ sions. If it were not so I
j would have told you. I go
I to prepare a place for you.
I And if I go and prepare a
- 1 place for you I will come
again and receive you unto myself: that where I am
there ye may be also — " reading these words I must
believe that Jesus intended to teach that heaven is a
place. - -
But it Is also a "condition," in the sense that only
those who are morally and spiritually prepared for
it can enjoy It. Between . the unprepared soul and
heaven there is an "impassable gulf," which is his
own unfitness. -
Where heaven is, and what it is like, I can no
more tell than before, my birth I could have told
where this present world is or what it Is like.
- V *\ • , : :- ♦ . ■ '.
Oh, my, yes-, I think of heaven, and I. love to think
of it as a real place, a place of abode, but spirit abode, •
mind you, but just what it is
like I cannot tell. When we
have gathered around God's
great throne my spirit form
• . will be just as big and just as
beautiful as anybody, else's. We will spend our time \,
praising God and doing 1 his will, and will be, oh, so
happy. There is nothing like it, I. am sure, on this
earth and for that reason it is quite impossible for us
as mortals to know about it or to form any but vague
ideas of the ways and manners of a place so different
from anything we have seen. <
* • •
If you had asked me to define my Impressions of
the ! other and [ hotter place it would have been much
— — : ~ ■ — easier for me to answer. Not
having had much of a for,e
:. taste of heaven in 'my earthly
experience, and having en-
.; countered more or less of the
tribulations that suggest what sort of an existence one
may expect to drop into if he is billed for a post-mor
tem tour; of the lower: regions, you can readily under
stand that my preconceived notions of the "sweet by
and-by" are rather hazy, while the sulphurous side of
the question finds me comparatively at ; home. I
would : get decidedly, mixed up if ■I \ had to lay -; out -a j.
map of the golden streets or • draw a diagram of ■' the
MAJOR FRANK
ROBINSON,
Christ's Rescue Home.
DAVID STARR JOKUAN,
President
Stanford University.
REV. F. B.
CHERINGTON,
Plymouth Church.
CHIQUITA,
The Cuban Atom.
S. H. FRIEDLANDER,
Theatrical Manager.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, StTNDAY, 31 ARCH 20, 1898.
the laboratory of a great scientist, Guil
laume Froment. and the first act of the
drama ends with an attempt of the an
archist to blow up the house of Duvillard,
an act which results only in the killing of
an innocent working girl.
From this point the story moves slowly
forward through a maze of philosophical
discussions, dissertations on society, dia
tribes on religion and studies more or less
profound of all the complex problems of
our disturbed and perplexed civilization.
There are scenes of all kinds. A spiritual
sermon by a popular and eloquent preach
er at the Madeline, an orgy at a decadent
cafe, a debate in the Chamber of Depu
ties, a public execution by the guillotine,
a marriage in high life, love among the
EMIL ZOLA, fIUTHOK OF "PARIS' 1
lowly and bitter hatred among the fam
ilies of the rich, courtly Incidents In the
homes of the old aristocracy, meanness
and madness In the tenements, pictures
of labor in the workshops and one idyllic
scene tn the forest of Saint Germain. It
is worth noting as an evidence that the
book is fln de siecle that the lovers make
the trip to the forest on bicycles. More
over, one of the most important conver
sations in the story is carried on over a
tele-phone.
The crisis of the story comes when
Pierre Froment, having renounced the
priesthood, falls in love with Marie, the
affianced bride of his brother Guillaume.
Tne scene in which Guillaume surrenders
his love to his brother is one of the finest
Zola ever wrote. The supreme climax oc
MY IDEA OF HEAVEN
curs when Gulllaume, distracted by the
anguish brought on by the strain of his
self-sacrifice, turns anarchist, and plans
to destroy the basilica of the Sacred Heart
at a time when it was filled with thou
sands of devout worshipers. From the ac
complishment of this fearful crime the
suffering man is saved by his brother,
and then the story hastens to a swift con
clusion.
Pierre finds the secret of happiness in
life is labor and love. Guillaume, the man
Of intellect, discovers that through the
sacrifice of self there comes a nobler self,
a broader sympathy with humanity and
a finer and "fuller enjoyment in the exer
cise of the intellect itself. He turns the
power of his great explosive to use in
operating a lahor-Fiiving machine, and
thereby renders it a blessing and not a
menace to the world. Bertheroy. the
eminent savant, cheers them in their work.
He calms their agitations and fierce de
sires for a reforming revolution: "Does
not science suffice? Why hasten the
times when one single step of science
brings humanity nearer to the goal of
truth and justice than do a hundred
years of politics and social revolt? Why
it is science alone which sweeps away
dogmas, castt= down gods and creates
light and h;if>pi':' **>• An<l *• member of
the Institute as I am, decorated and pos
sessed of means, I am the only true revo
lutionist."
Thus to those in the story who seek the
betterment of the world by right methods
golden stair, but to describe gridirons and toasting
forks and furnaces and all such paraphernalia would
be no trouble whatever.
My idea of heaven is a place where stage-struck
girls, young and old. have dropped their mistaken am
bition along with their earthly habiliments, and who
have no desire to exchange their earthly robes for
tights, or the trailing garments of a Lady Mac
beth. I would want to see each unhappy
damsel or dame transformed into a smiling and con
tented spirit, the world and Its grease-paint forgot
ten forever. Stage-struck men and women are af
flicted by a fever hard to cure. Perhaps their ruling
passion, strong In death, "will be unquenchable by all
the waters flowing in the river Styx."
• • •
I was born a Methodist, and believe in a future
"7 istence Is a probation. At the
day of judgment all will be
judged justly, yet mercifully.
That there is a future state in
[ which all human beings will
attain immortality and develop for good or evil is rec
ognized by the lowest savages, as well as by the
brightest minds of the highest civilization. That the
streets of heaven are literally paved with gold, I am
not prepared to admit. Any human being who lives
up to the Master's maxim of "Whatsoever ye would
that men should do to you, do you even so to them,"
which is an epitome o-f the Ten Commandments, will
be sure of everlasting, bliss in heaven, whether it be
a real city, a place of abode or a condition in exist
ence.
• • •
"In my Father's house are many mansions" was al-
Just what It said. Lately,
however, I have shifted
around to believe that Christ
spoke figuratively when he
made this statement, and
that he had In mind varying degrees of happiness. I
am inclined to believe that heaven is a pleasurable
spirit existence, attainable only by Christian work and
spiritual well doing during life.
• • •
If the Book of Revelation Is any guide, and it cer
tainly is, heaven is a city of streets, beautiful build
" ' ings and flowers and wonder
ful things far beyond the
conception of man in his
present state of existence.
• Just where such city Is built
or its size, I do not know; neither does that worry
me. Heaven is described in the Revelation as a sure
enough city. As John saw it, heaven was very much
of a city, a place of abode.
• • *
Of course I believe in heaven. As to Its location, I
have never given any thought. That's a matter too
: deep for me. I like to think
of heaven as a place where
there's no more sorrow, nor
care, nor trouble of any so-rt.
' Somewhere in God's great
universe there must be a central point or rather a
place of spirit abode. That is heaven.
• * *
What is heaven? If it be all that is said of it, cer
tainly there must be peace and happiness. If such
— — be tho cage> the seed which
is sown in the mind of the
soul at birth, of ambition or
slothfulness, study or indo
lence, social prominence or a
desire for a retired life, placed there by nature, which
never deviated, and which has followed man's foot
steps in earth-life, certainly is not laid aside at the
grave, if the spirit lives and passes on to the be
yond. That being the case, to hay« a haven of repose
and perfect happiness, the nations of the world could
C. F. CURRY,
County Clerk.
HENRY SCHMITT,
Track Repairer.
GEORGE B. PRATT,
Street Car Conductor.
ELIZA HOFFMAN,
Saleswoman.
MARK THALL,
Theatrical Manager.
by Emil zola
and with sincere hearts the light comes at
last, and with it peace and work and
love. The contrast between these earnest
souls and those of the mad anarchists,
the profligate rich, the lying journalists,
the self-seeking statesmen, the devouring
courtesans, the almost equally vicious
women of the circles where money rules
and licentiousness affords the chief
amusement of tedious lives, is vividly and
impressively brought out in a multitude
of scenes of dramatic intensity.
Through all there runs the one thought,
the one lesson. \\ ide apart as are the
different characters of the story, land
diverse as are their fortunes and their
ambitions, the unity of the drama is
never broken. The fate of Salvat, the
anarchist, is linked with the political for
tunes of the statesmen, and on them in
turn depends the outcome of Sylvaine's
desire to be admitted to the Comedie
Francaise. The life of each affects the
lives of all the others, and every incident
has a bearing on the fortunes of all.
Never has the constructive skill of Zola
been better displayed than in the man
agement of this complex drama, and if
the movement of the play were not so
hindered by the mass of didactic dis
course the story would rank as one of the
most Intense and dramatic he has ever
written.
In the closing chapter Zola sums up the
substance of his philosophy and preaches,
the moral of his tale. Out of the seeth
ing vat good is to come. What matters
all the wrongs and sins and miseries of
the time, since humanity always ad
vances. "Liberty sprang forth from the
vat to wing her flight throughout the
world. And why in her turn should not
justice spring from it?" It is by science
the revolution is to be achieved. "Now
that science has destroyed that false idea
of heaven, and shown what dupery lies
in reliance on the morrow of death, the
slave, the workman, weary of dying for
happiness' sake, demands that happiness
and justice shall find place on earth.
Therein lies the new hope. Justice after
eighteen hundred years of impotent char
ity."
This, then. Is the philosophy of Zola, the
lesson he has drawn from his life and
labor and love in Paris, and which he has
chosen to teach to the world in the form
of a study of the city from which he has
drawn so much inspiration and so much
hope. The book closes with a triumphal
burst of word music. The city glows in
the light of the declining sun. The b'eau
tlful Marie calls the attention of her hus
band to the glory of the scene: "Look,
look," she exclaimed, "Paris is all golden
covered with a harvest of gold." Zola
adds: "And Paris flared— Paris, which
the divine sun had sown with light, and
where in glory waved the great future
harvest of truth and justice."
So runs the philosophy, the dream, the
romance of ideas wilder than any romance
of action. And now for reality: At the
! very time this exuberant prophecy of the
coming of a better faith than Christian-
I ity and a better practice than charity.
1 was passing through the press Paris was
■ in an uproar. A man who asked for jus
j tice was being haled through the streets
'' while an angry mob followed howling at
, his heels. The prisoner was the author
I of this prophecy of the new religion of
! Paris and the cry of the Parisians was:
"Conspuez Zola!"
JOHN McNAUGHT.
HOW I PAINT A HEAD.
i HOW I PAINT A HEAD. By Magda M.
Heuermann. Published by S. R. Church,
City.
Here is a short work that may safely
not be massed together, all of one mind, enjoying the
same phase of happiness, for what would be. pleas
ure to the c-ne would be misery to the other. Then
my idea of heaven-life, death and hereafter is that it
is a state of progression, and as we leave this sphere
so shall we begin in the other, and the seed which
we sow here will be reaped according to their merits
in the land to which we have through the laws of
nature been transferred.
• • •
Heaven is God's presence and Jesus Is 'the door.
When the Redeemer taught his apostles of the life to
r came he said: "I am the
j way." His clearest descrip
i tion of heaven is residence in
i the Father's house. Christian
L belief asserts % its right to con
ceive an infinite heaven. If heaven is God's presence
and God is everywhere, heaven will be everywhere
when sin is vanquished and Christ is all and in all.
Jesus says: "Ye, therefore, shall be perfect, as your
heavenly Father is perfect." If this law were not in
force in heaven, the earth would be a better place for
perfecting the soul. £>'f*s
• • *
Heaven and hell are states of consciousness, very
near to each other. Heaven is not a place, but a con-
" — — ■ dition of consciousness. Con
sciousness is of the soul or
individuality. We do not
have to lay down this soul
to reach heaven. Aspiration
and an act of the will set spiritward will lift and keep
the soul on a plane of consciousness above the dis
cordant vibrations of the lower levels of the world's
consciousness. Mankind will have to fin l God within
the interior of their own being and persistently. hold
the thought of at-one-menX if they wish to find
heaven.
• • •
It will be difficult Indeed to form a conception of
heaven that would be Indorsed by all members of the
1 ~ — — — — — — ; Theosophical Society. The
society has no dogmas, and
composed as it Is of persons
of all sects, classes and
- creeds it must of necessity
contain the faiths of all conceptions, varying with
their understandings. Logically a man could believe
nothing else, at a given time, than that which he un
derstands to be true. *_ ,
The Theosophical Society offers a wide field for
research, in which reason should guide, and observed
facts from the basis of understanding. Every belief
should be proved logical, unreasonable and within
the bounds of probability. In dealing with religious
questions one must not depart from the rational. :If
heaven means anything it means a state in which
freedom and happiness exist. ■' . ■;„ - '
Freedom in the abstract cannot exfst where one
single desire binds. He who performs beneficial acts
in the hope of reward is not happy unless the reward
is obtained, and if the reward is obtained happiness
ends. Among the . Buddhists . the very desire for
heaven is considered a supreme selfishness. Jesus is
made to say, "do good for the love , of good," "the
kingdom of God is within." He who does not care for
heaven, but is contented where he is, is already in
heaven. The fulfillment of duties brings its own
reward. " . i
It would appear from the - foregoing statements
that heaven then is only a I condition, an existence,
but it is more. There can be no conditioned existence
without some place of ? manifestation. Among ; the
Brahmins man is considered a septenary being, re
lated to seven planes of cosmos, the .planes inter
penetrating each ; other as do the - principles of ; man.
The four lower principles — physical body, a subli- ;
mated physical [ counterpart, the principle of life and
the vehicle of i desire — form what is ; called , the lower :
quaternary. V These' four " lower principles are neces
sary to ail organized i animal life. They are all of the
earth and disintegrate ; with the phyulcai bodies. .
Were " there ; nothing, more man would be merely
REV. H. T. SHEPARD,
Olivet Congregational Church.
MINNIE C. BELL,
Hermetic Student.
D. J. LAWRENCE.,
President
Theosophical Socijty.
be recommended to students of art. Its
author is a lady who has established for
herself a reputation not only in the circles
wherein she moves, but has succeeded in
gaining a clientele to be envied. The
principles enunciated by Mrs. Heuermann
have apparently been found by her to be
of a most helpful character, and they are
stated with a clarity that is remarkable.
The work under review is well illustrated
and printed and strongly bound.
NEW AMERICAN NOVELS.
WARREN HYDE— By the author of
"Unchaperoned." New 'iork: R. T.
Ferno & Co. For sale at Doxey's.
ON THE WINNING SIDE— By Jeannetto
H. Wai worth. New York: R. T.
Fenno & Co. For sale at Doxey s.
We do not know who the author of
■'Unchaperoned" may be. but it is to be
regretted that he or she has been let
loose on the literary market without a
guardian. Presumably the writer is R
woman and we would humbly advise her
to engage at once a cultured chaperon,
who might keep her wayward fancies
within bounds and teach her at least tli-i
elementary canons of good taste. "War
ren Hyde," not to waste adjectives upon
it, is h mawkish, pretentious volume, un
worthy of notice save to protest agrninst
its offensive motif. It is inconceivable
that a self-respecting firm of publishers
should have put its name to a story which
is so obviously, through all the windings
of its complicated plot, the product of a
diseased brain.
The second of these novels comes under
a different and more pleasing category.
It is a tale full of the warm sensuous col
oring of the South. The plot is incon
sequential, the story loosely put together,
the interest carelessly sustained, but
these faults are atoned for by vivid word
photos of character and scenery. The
idea, too, is original, embodying the trials
in the old slavery days, not of slaves or
slaveholders, but of the noor "white
trash" that stood between.
Eliza Martin, come of an overseer's
family, nearly breaks her proud heart on
returning, after many years of fashion
able schooling, to her sordid home in the
"quarters." Her brother. Strong Martin,
educated at college with his master's son,
has his life embittered, being falsely sus
pected of a theft which the said son com
mitted. The war comes to level all things.
Strong wins distinction and honor on the
"Blue" side, and though repudiated by
his family eventually wins happiness,
while Eliza, the heroine, becomes mistress
of one of those stately homes she once
could not have entered.
BOOK NOTES.
In "The Imported Bridegroom and
Other Stories" Abraham Cahan has made
studies of the Russian Jewish quarter of
the East Sido in New YorK. His volume
of short stories will appear this month
from the Riverside Press.
Richard Le Gallienne has been giving a
series of readings from his own works at
the Lyceum Theater under the manage
ment of Major Pond. It is stated that he
intends to stay for a year, at least, in
America. Mrs. Le Gallienne accompanies
him.
Francis Wilson has made a record of
his friendship with the late Eugene Field
in :\ volume called "The Eugene Field I
Knew," which is in the Scribner's press.
"Like the Apostle," says Mr. Wilson, "he
was all things to all men — and much to
many. . . . He was a terror to the
" Heaven is but a higher plane of Cosmos." — D. J. Lawrence. ,
" A place of spirit abode." — Chiquita. -f
11 A state of progression." — Mark Thai!.
11 The kingdom of heaven is within us." — Rev. D. V. Bowen.
an animal. But there is the real man, that divine
trinity, the three higher principles of the Brahmins —
the mind, soul and spirit, or the Father, Son and
Holy Ghost of our Christian Gospel. Life in the
quatenary is fleeting, transitory, changing with the
physical elements. In the higher territory . man is
immortal. A man may live sensually, physically,
mentally, morally. How he lives relates him to the
corresponding conditions of existence. Heaven is but
a higher plane of cosmos.
Man's term of bliss and the pleasures and pain of
the intermediary stage depend upon the ' quality of
life; the purpose and aim of existence. The reward
of eternal bliss would be out of all proportion for a
well spent life. Man eternally receives his merit
vow and passes on to new experiences. We learn
only through experience. The changes are continu
ous from the passive to the active, and natural as
wakefulness and sleep. Great indeed is the destiny
of man, and heaven but a resting place.
*
I accept the Gospel statement that "The kingdom
of heaven is within us." It is a state of the mind
- which receives truth and of y
the will which obeys It. To
bring people into the king
dom Jesus and his disciples
.l__ — _ . taught the doctrine of re
pentance. "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is
at hand." This did not refer to a particular locality
near by. but to the power of Christian truth, which
could lead them into goodness. When the Lord said
to the scribe, 'Thou art not far from the kingdom of
heaven," he alluded to the state of his mind, which
could see the truth, and of his heart, which could
love r it. . . , . m.
Paul tells us of those qualities which dlstm-j
guish this heavenly kingdom within from the king
doms of the world and of Satan. They are "righteous
ness, peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." So if we come
into a right state of mind and heart ass to spiritual
things, wherever we go, having heaven within and
living in its consciousness, we are in heaven.
Heaven is of the spirit and all places are heavenly
when the soul is right toward God and man. And in
the future, after the death of. the body, wherever
heavenly spirits are, there heaven is, for there a
sphere of love and good will follow from each to all,
and from all to each. The spirit of Christ is within
and there is no desire for anything except what will
promote the happiness of all.
Those who are in heaven, in the spiritual world,
were once men and women on this or some other
earth. We read in the Scriptures of their being fre
quently seen by the prophets and apostles. When the
heavens were opened to them they did not go away
into distant realms, but simply "looked" through some
mental change, their spiritual eyes were opened and
the realities of the spiritual world were seen by them.
This was what was called "being in the spirit." Paul
said that he was caught up into the third heaven, and
yet he did not leave % his earthly body. So there are
three particular characteristics which distinguish
the heavens into at least ; three specir I divisions, for
those who live in one of the many mansions of the
Father's house. ". , ! - :
Many of the prophets describe the scenery of the
spiritual world. Some of them heard voices. No two
"persons will have the: kingdom of heaven within ex
.actly; alike, and therefore there i must sbe. an infinite
diversity of tastes, desires,' which will cause men and
women to seek their happiness in different ways.
; But the animating \ spirit of, all • win be love for
others rather than self %in actual - ; ministrations of
useful deeds does the life of heaven consist. For this
is tb? source of the highest * and purest happiness. ,
I>very object in heaven; is r°al. , By a law of the
spiritual world every one's j environment will* be th<^ ■
exact expression of the inward state of each oneP"
will correspond to ; the thoughts and affections. And
if v. •} seek, ias of i first ;■ importance, * the establishment
; of ! the . kingdom )of heaven ' "within us- 'the ' Lord will
give his angels charge over us, ; to keep us in all our
; way., on earth,, so that ' all the circumstances of I life
will be of such a, disciplinary character,; that we shall
be prepared to enter ;a \ heavenly : slate hereafter.
politician?, a Homer to the children, and
different to, as well as from, everybody."
Out of his intimacy with the author of
"Little Boy Blue" he has made a book
full of fascination.
"The Loves of the Lady Arabella." is
the title of a new novel by Mollie Elliot
Seawell. author of "The Sprightly Ro
mance of Marsac." and "The History of
the Lady Betty Stair." etc. It is to be
published by the Macmillan Company
early in the spring.
"Out of the 500 letters I receive daily,"
says M. Zola, "barely 5 per cent contain
insults." Many people might think
twenty-five abusive letters a day a gene
rous allowance, and, if he reads them all,
M. Zola will have an unusually rich
vocabulary for his next realistic novel.
The Macmillan Company announce a
new edition of Gilbert Parker's novels to
be published early in the spring. This
edition will include . "An Adventurer of
the North," "A Lover's Diary," "A Ro
many of the Snows," "Pierre and Hia
People," "When Valmond Came to Pon
tiac."
We are to have a new edition of the
poems of Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson.
The only American edition of her work
up to the present time was brought out
some years ago In San Francisco, largely
for private circulation. T. Fisher Unwin
of London made a reprint, which has
been on sale in England.
"A Voyage of Consolation" is the title
of the new book by Mrs. E. C. Cotes (Sara
Jeanette Duncan) which is to be published
immediately by D. Appleton & Co. In
this book Mrs. Cotes returns to the field
which she developed with such success In
"A Social Departure" and "An American
Girl in London." Some characters which
delighted thousands of readers reappear
in this new book, and their entertaining
experiences on the Continent are set forth
with unfailing good spirits and an apt
appreciation of the picturesque and
humorous features of European travel.
The text is admirably supplemented with
vivacious illustrations.
Messrs. Little, Brown & Co. of Boston
will issue, in conjunction with Messrs.
Sampson Low, Marston & Co., London,
an important publication entitled "All the
World's Fighting Ships," by F. C. Jane,
illustrated with portrait details of over
1000 warships, with notes and other useful
statistics; the second volume of the
"History of the Royal Navy from the
Earliest Times to the Present Day,"
edited by Willam Laird Clowes; also a
new edition of "Ironclads in Action," In
two volumes, by H. W. Wilson, with a
preface by Captain A. T. Mahan.
"The Disaster," the new romance of the
Franco-Prussian war, by Paul and Victor
Margueritte, which is to be published im
mediately by D. Appleton & Co., has al
ready been the subject of favorable com
parison with Zola's "Debacle." The father
of the Marguerittes was a distinguished
French general who was killed at Sedan,
and the younger of the two brothers has
had nine years of military service, so that
they come naturally by their intimate
knowledge of military affairs. They pic
ture the struggles of the Army of the
Rhine in various battles and they describe
the surrender of Metz by Bazaine. Their
graphic studies of the soldier's experi
ences are relieved by episodes Of friend
ship and love which add brightness to
their strong pictures of war.
REV. D. V. BOWEN,
New Jerusalem Church.MAKING HIGH EXPLOSIVES
FOR THE ARMY AND NAVY
Daggers IrWol\ted ir\ Conr\pour\dir\g
. Dynamite, JMitro-Ql\jcerir\e, Cur\
Gottor\ ar\d Other Deadly
Agerxts Used ir\ War.
THERE are two kinds of explo
sives—low and high. Lieutenant
Edward Simpson, U. S. N., who
is an authority, writes that the
term explosive is one applied to
those substances, solid or liquid,
■which upon the application of
heat or shock are converted either by
combustion or decomposition into gases
having many times the volume of the
original substance. A low explosive,
like gunpowder, is one which can be
exploded by ignition. Further, the rate
of this combustion can be regulated
by mechanical treatment. Thus, black
gunpowder eoes off quickly, like a flash,
whereas brown gunpowder burns as
Blowly as punk. Gunpowder is a me
chanical mixture, as are all low ex
plosives; but high explosives, with
which this article has to deal, are
chemical compounds.
Gunpowder is the best known repre
sentative of the former, nitro-glycerine
of the latter. High explosives are used
where shattering and rending effects
are to be produced, and they can be made
to explode only by wtat is called deto
nation — that is, by so^suddenly shock-
Ing or heating the surrounding high
explosive that the mass is instantly
chemically changed into gases many
times greater than the original volume
Of the explosive, and this gas in its
efforts to escape rips, tears, destroys,
annihilates anything and everything
around or about it. The havoc it can
work is terrific and irresistible.
A great many kinds of high explo
sives have been compounded; in all
those used for commercial purposes ni
tre-glycerine furnished the active prin
ciple. Is'itro glycerine is formed by the
action of concentrated nitric acid upon
glycerine. It is a colorless, oily liquid
having a pungent aromatic taste. It
produces a violent temporary head
ache if taken into the human system,
either by placing a drop upon the
tongue or on the skin, but when per
sons habitually handle it they lose their
Eusceptibiiity to this actic-n.
At a temperature of 40 degrees Fah
renheit nitro glycerine freezes to a
•white crystalline mass, and it is usu
ally kept in this condition until ready
to be used; it can be thus transported
easily and safely. In its liquid form
it is dangerous to handle in any way.
To bring it from its frozen state into
the liquid form, the cans containing it
are placed in hot water of a tempera
ture of 100 degrees. The point of tiring
is 356 degrees.
Nitro glycerine is the most powerful
explosive agent in use; it can be fired
by a fuse charged with fulminate of
mercury. However, nitro glycerine in
its pure state is rarely used for explo
sive purposes, principally because of its
dangerous nature. Three essentials are
required in a high explosive, strength
or disruptive power, safety in handling,
and keeping qualities, and in their ef
forts to secure these many scientists
have brought out different explosives.
Dynamite, perhaps, is the name most
familiar to people: it has become to a
great extent generic, and means a high
explosive without consideration of the
Ingredients of which the compound may
be manufactured. Dynamite, the gen
uine article to which the name was first
given and by which in the army and
navy it is still called, is a preparation
made by mixing nitro glycerine with a
natural'silicious earth called kieselguhr.
or rotten stone, from which the water
and organic substances have been
driven out. The proportion of the mix
ture is 75 per cent of nitro glycerine
and 25 of rotten stone. The resulting
compound Is soft, of a pale brown col
or, in general appearance and consist
ency not unlike damp brown sugar.
The rotten stone in dynamite proper
Is replaced in other high explosives by
some other substance which inventors
claim adds certain specific qualities to
the resultant. This absorbent is called
c dope. It is this employment of this
dope that renders dynamite safer . to
TERRITORY THAT HAS BEEN ACQUIRED BY THE UNITED STATES THROUGH TREATY OR PURCHASE.
MAP SHOWING THE TERRITORY ACQUIRED BY THE UNITED STATES.
™ ,7 i in PFNTS AN ACRE" THE PROVINCE OF LOUISIANA (PRACTICALLY THE MISSISSIPPI VALLEY) FOR 8 3-5 CENTS AN ACRE: PART
FLORIDA WAS CEDE» F^"^° F ROM MEXICO (THE GADSDEN PURCHASE) FOR U 3-16 CENTS PER ACRE: UTAH. NEVADA AND PART OF ARIZONA AND NEW MEX
°^ FROM RUSSIA FOR 1 19-20 CENTS AN ACRE. TOTAL AREA OF THE UNITED STATES. 3.501.409 SQUARE MILES.
THAT "Uncle Sam" is rich enough
to give all a "farm" has been true
from the earliest history of the
Government, but his landed pos
sessions have grown comparatively
small, and that which is left is
mftiv arid or mountainous. How these
handle and less liable to explosion from
shock than is the case with pure nitro
glycerine. Dynamite freezes at 40 drg.
It is always frozen for transportation;
it explodes at 360 deg. To thaw it is
dangerous, unless done with the great
est care. Ninety-five per cent of ihe
accidents in mines due to explosions of
dynamite have been owing to the care
lessness nf thawing. In blasting dyna
mite is very extensively used, though
generally it goes under the name of
powder. For submarine mines, planted
in a channel to obstruct the fairway,
dynamite is extensively used. It is
put up io copper spheres or cylinders,
which are anchored so as to float ten
or twelve feet below the surface, or
still lower; to these are connected elec
tric fuses, operated by an electric cir
cuit from the shore. Pressing a key
will cause the fuse to detonate the
dynamite and the explosion follows.
Gun cotton, however, is more exten
sively used for military purposes than
any other form of high explosive. It
is produced by the action of concen
trated nitric acid on cotton or cellu
lose. After compression the white
cakes resulting look very much like
ordinary hard-pressed cotton, white
and hard. Gun cotton is unaffected by
water. This is one of its most valuable
properties and one which makes gun
cotton so valuable for use on board
ships in torpedoes, or wherever under
water explosives are needed. Dry loose
gun cotton is harmless; if burned it
flashes off. Dry compressed gun cotton
burns rapidly but quickly if uncon
flned, and moist gun cotton does the
same. Wet gun cotton cannot be ex
ploded except by certain kinds of deto
nators—it may be treated without dan
ger; it may be even forced into or
placed in a shell and shot out of a gun,
yet it still remains intact. These are
most important characteristics of wet
gun cotton. You might have maga
zines full of it, instead of one or two
torpedo heads, yet fire on board ship
or a shot from an enemy or an explo
sion from within or without will not
detonate this wet gun cotton. Gun cot
ton is always stored and used wet. Dis
tilled water is used to wet it and keep
it wet; in this condition it is the safest
explosive known. In one of the naval
intelligence publications it is stated
that the English Government tested
the safety of gun cotton containing 30
per cent "moisture by burning bonfires
in two lots of a ton each. In one case
the explosive was in disks in a closed
tank, and in the other it was divided
among eighty closed packages. In both
cases the gun cotton burned away
without explosion.
In order to explode moist gun cotton
a special kind of primer or detonator
must be used, consisting of a disk of
dry gun cotton, and this dry gun cotton
is exploded by a fulminate of mercury
fuse fired by electricity. These disks
of gun cotton may be made any size.
Usually they are about four inches in
diameter and an inch thick, with a hole
in the center. Several disks of wet gun
cotton are placed one over the other;
near the top is put one layer or disk of
dry cotton, then the electric primer is
lowered into the charge through the
hole, and the entire cartridge is care
fully sealed up with a water-tight head
through which the electric wires lead,
which are to be spliced to the wires
leading to the firing battery. It is of
the utmost importance to keep this dry
gun cotton dry. Should it get wet the
fuse would be inoperative. When gun
cotton is used to charge the war heads
of torpedoes, the gu.. cotton is usually
molded to fit the form of the chamber
designed to hold it.
Guncotton is not so extensively used
for commercial submarine operations
as some of the nitro glycerine com
pounds, mainly because of the diffi
culty of preparing it fdr firing. Nor is
it so terrible in its explosive action as
some of them. A form of gelatine
seems to be more generally preferred.
One of these now on the market is
called Repauno gelatine. It is described
as a high explosive powder, having a
gelatinous consistency. It is. therefore,
sticky and very dense or heavy — two
very advantageous features in certain
lands can be best utilized for the benefit
of the people is engaging the earnest at
tention of those publicly charged with
their management. The policy must fa
vored seems that of ceding the arid lands
to the several States in which they may
lie and of reserving under national con-
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
classes of -work. The higher grades
have extraordinary disruptive power.
It is decidedly plastic. This, with its
density, renders it particularly suitable
for submarine work, where the flow of
water is strong, because it will adhere
firmly together even should the cov
erings of the charges get damaged or
removed, and it is not disintegrated
by water.
Another high explosive in our mar
ket is forcite. It closely resembles ex
plosive gelatine cellulose, being used in
stead of nitro-cellulose. Some forcite
contains 95 per cent of nitro-glycerine,
and other grades less, incorporated
with a mixture of nitrate of soda, sul
phur and wood tar, with a little wood
pulp added. It burns in the open air,
explodes in confined places, and water
has no action on it.
There are many other explosives suit
able for submarine use, some of them
of a greater explosive strength than
dynamite, others less. Some years ago
General Abbot of ,the United States
army, carefully investigated the prop
erties of several kinds of high ex
plosives and gave as the result of his
experiments the following relative
strengths under water of certain ones
of them per pound, assuming dyna
mite Xo. 1, that described above, as 100:
Blasting gelatine, 142; forcite gelatine,
133; gun cotton, wet, 87; nitro glycerine,
81; gunpowder. 20 to 50. There was
some other interesting data reported
by General Abbot concerning high ex
plosives. His experiments led him to
believe that in order to wound the bot
tom of a man-of-war of 9000 tons, ar
mored with nine inches of iron, an ex
plosive must produce a pressure of 5500
pounds per square inch; that 6500
would be fatal to an ordinary double
bottomed ironclad. However, all scien
tific investigators in this direction, as
well as in other theoretical matters
pertaining to the force which high ex
piosives exert, are not by any means in
agreement. Referring to some of the
results of the researches of Colonel
Bucknill of England, into the relative
strengths of high explosives, it is no
ticed that he gives the following rela
tive horizontal distances and charges
necessary to inflict a fatal blow on a
modern ironclad:
— Distance In Feet —
10 20 40 60
' Lbs. Lbs. Lbs. Lbs.
Blasting gelatine. 75 177 36? 465
Forcite pelatine SO W 3ft.» 4%
Dynamite 107 251 OS 660
Guncotton 107 2a 1 820 <to«
Gunpowder 428 1034 2100 2610
But it should be remembered that
these results are largely speculative, and
may be very much influenced by the
disposition of weights and internal ar
rangements of the vessel. Thus in
some Jtalian experiments with a model
of a ship with a triple bottom seventy
five pounds of guncotton exploded in
contact broke through two of them,
and when the space between the two
inner ones was filled with coal, only the
outer bottom was injured.
Comparing dynamite with guncotton.
the two explosives with which we are
most familiar, it may be said that dy
namite loses strength by the evapora
tion of the nitro glycerine. Pure gun
cotton, whether wet or dry, is unaf
fected by changes of temperature. Gun
cotton, as well as forcite and gelatine
dynamite, are unaffected by water, but
dynamite loses 6 per cent of Its power
when drowned in water. Nitro glycer
ine is insoluble in water, so that most
of the compounds are uninjured by be
ing submerged. With regard to safety
in handling and transportation, dyna
mite and nitro glycerine are the most
sensitive. They should not be ex
posed to a tropical sun. Guncotton is
more liable to detonation by influence
when dry than when wet, and dynamite
when compressed than when loose.
Buoyant mines when planted, if filled
with F.OO pounds of blasting gelatine,
need to be spaced every 456 feet; gun
cotton mines require 321 feet, while
gunpowder requires 100 feet.
Summing up— and here we are quot
ing from Lieutenant Simpson — we find
blasting gelatine and guncotton as the
two explosives best fulfilling all the re
quirements, and they tire the ones
generally in use for submarine work.
Blasting gelatine shows a superiority
with regard to strength, shattering ef
fects, plasticity and specific gravity,
but guncotton. from its stability, safe
ty and capability of exerting its full
force even when confined simply in a
net, combined with its high standing
in the other requirements, all tend to
make it the best explosive for naval
use.
About mid-afternoon is the best time
for gentle outdoor exercise. Early morn
ing exercise is as much to be avoided as
early mental or physical labor, because
at that time vitality is at its lowest ebb,
and it needs stimulation rather than fur
ther taxing; none but the gentlest exer
cise should be taken until the exhausted
system has been supplied with abundant
nourishment.
I trol the mountainous regions as water
sheds.
The United States has disposed of a
I vast domain. It had none to start with.
i The United States began life with a debt
| of about seventy-five millions, which, es
| timated by the ability to pay, is the
THE STATE IS GOING TO COLLECT FEES
FOR MAINTAINING THE WELL-TO-DO INSANE.
MANNER IX WHICH PATIENTS ARE EXAMINED AND SENT TO THE SEVERAL ASYLUMS AND THE VARIOUS
CAUSES THAT BRING ABOUT TIxEIR COMMITMENT.
IN one of the coldest and barest
rooms of that very dreary build
ing, the City Hall, there is a little
gathering every morning, and a pa
tient, or it may be perhaps two or
three, is added to the melancholy
assemblage erf human wrecks which
populates our State Asylums for the
Insane.
In this enlightened age, when indi
vidual liberty is safeguarded by every
possible precaution, it takes a great
deal of writing and a great deal of offi
cial questioning to make a man a luna
tic. There are fmr examining doctors,
who act in pairs each alternate month,
and it is their duty to ascertain wheth
er the patients brought before them
from the Receiving Hospital or the po
lice station are really sound or un
sound in their minds.
"Whatever people may say," re
marked the doctor, "we take every pos
sible precaution against any sane per
son being railroaded into an asylum.
Wait and see for yours.-lf."
The examination was certainly elab
orate enough. Presently the patient, a
haggard-looking, grizzly-haired Italian,
was brought in. He was clad in the
traditional rough blue garb of his class,
and his tangled locks had failed to re
cover from the effect of submersion in
the bay. But two or three days ago
he demonstrated his insanity, from the
police point of view, by jumping over
bc-ard from one of the docks. As sui
cide in this State is not a crime, he
was promptly fished out, and hung up
in the Receiving Hospital to dry.
To complicate matters the patient
could not read or write, neither could
he speak a word of English. His sis
equivalent of the Civil war debt, owed
mainly for food, clothing and ammuni
tion of its citizen soldiers. The continu
ous settlements of the thirteen original
States did not extend farther back from
the Atlantic seaboard than to the Alle
ghanies. but from here to the Mississippi
and from the Great Lakes on the north
MANUFACTURING DEADLY EXPLOSIVES TO BE USED IN WOR.
ter, who accompanied him, had little
more of our language, and it took the
doctor fully a quarter of an hour to find
out the subject's name and his place of
birth. A huge printed form was before
the examiner, and he had to fill in num
berless blanks. He had to ascertain,
for instance, the names and ages of the
patient's parents, whether they were
alive or dead, whether they or any oth
er members of the family had ever
drunk alcohol or suffered from demen
tia in any shape or form. Also, it was
necessary, by. a series of elaborate ques
tions, to contrast the patient's mental
condition with that of his brothers and
sisters, his uncles and cousins and
aunts. To do all this with a half
crazed Italian who can't speak English
is enough to send any physician to an
asylum.
After several amateur attempts at in
terpreting, the doctor gave the task up
in despair, and sent for the official in
terpreter. This personage took the
matter quite chirpily. He seemed to
know the alleged madman very well,
and saluted him with a friendly greet
ing in the most voluble Italian.
It took the interpreter exactly five
minutes to find out what the doctors
had been puzzling their heads over for
half an hour.
"The man's not mad," he said, turn
ing round; "it's dago red."
A new light broke upon the scene.
"Put out your tongue," cried the doc
tor hurriedly.
Obediently the man thrust his tongue
forth, and its color was as the color
of the tablecloth of a Latin quarter
restaurant when you spill your wine
upon it.
"A clear case of inebriosis," remark
ed the doctor, covering up his sur
prise, after the manner of the faculty,
with technical language.
Various attempts were made, with
to the thirty-first parallel on the south
stretched a territory over which the con
flicting claims of the several States ex
tend.d Here was an area of some two
hundred and fifty million acres— rich, un-
The availability of the unoccupied lands
of the West as a means of revenue for
the States and of individual enterprise
on the part of the people had early re
ceived the attention of the Continental
Congress. Even during the stfess of
war Congress found time, in the inter
ests' of harmony, to urge the States to
cede their lands to the confederation for
disposition for the common benefit. In
dependence won at last; in 1754, Congress
moved that the same subject be again
presented to the several States." In due
course of time the States ceded their
lands to the United States and thus was
provided a nucleus for a vast Federal do
main. The Government kept its prom
ise to the States, and in less than a dozen
years, the soldiere— the first care of the
Government-had received individual
grants, varying In extent according to
rank, from officer to private, borne were
in lieu of pay; some for merit. To heads
of families lands were sold for cash or
upon credit. Grants were made of large
tracts to organized development compa
nies upon partial cash and deferred pay
ment considerations. Thus homes were
afforded the people and revenue for the
Government. Three new republican
States— Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee
were added to the Federal Union, and
others were in development for state
hood.
Two streams of commerce were now
flowing, one from the Atlantic seaboard,
one down the Mississippi. The people
were thriving. The fondest hopes of the
founders of the young republic were be
ing realized, when suddenly a little cloud
appeared. Spain denied further exercise
of the right of free navigation of the
Mississippi. President Jefferson, ever
zealous for the welfare of the people,
sent a special envoy to Paris, for France
had secured to herself Louisiana. The re
sult wns the acquisition of Louisiana for
IIS 000 000 paid to France. A territory was
added by this purchase which was nearly
one and one-half times the prior area of
the United States. The total cost of the
Tofi 000.000 acres of territory added was
something over $27,000,000. the additional
amounts being for interest on bonds and
the assumption of the payment of certain
spoliation claims. The average cost per
acre was about 3 3-5 cents. The land thus
acquired was promptly opened to settle
ment, and three more States were settled
and formed thereon in the next few
years Greater revenues swelled the na
tional treasury. Buying and selling land
appeared to be profitable, financially and
politically. . , . .
When Spain, a few years later, again
crew troublesome — this, time on the
southern border— she was promptly paid
15 coo 000 in bonds, to which subsequent
interest added another million, and a lit
tle item of thirty-seven or thirty-eight
million acres of land, the areas of the
Floridas was added to the public domain
in ISI9. This cost about 17 cents per acre,
the aid of the interpreter, to find out
how much wine the man had been in
the habit of drinking. He would go
out in his boat with the other fisher
men, he admitted, and of course they
had a jar of wine with them and
drank whenever they wished, using no
measures.
So it came to pass that one day
Pietro saw strange lights dancing be
fore his eyes, and then, while down on
the wharf, he had a vision of a man
struggling in the water and drowning
for want of aid. Therefore Pietro
jumped in to save him.
The support of the insane costs the
State somewhere in the neighborhood
of $600,000 a year. And the burden is
constantly growing.
Since the last census was taken the
number of insane persons supported by
the State has increased by 1400. In 1890
there were 3594 patients in the various
asylums; to-day there are 4927. They
are distributed as follows: Mendoclno,
460; Napa, 1451; Southern California,
573; Agnews, 918; Stockton, 1525.
Each patient costs the State on an
average ctf $140 per annum, so that, for
mere financial reasons, it is not desir
able to increase their number too rap
idly. On social and sanitary grounds
the objection of course is much strong
er, but still there is no reason to be se
riously alarmed at the increase.
"It is not the native-born Californians
who are going insane," said the Com
missioner, "it is the foreigners who in
flate our totals. They number more
than TO per cent."
A glance at the contribution made by
San Francisco to the insane population
of the State will illustrate this point.
During the past year 499 presumably
insane persons were brought up for ex
amination, and out of these 357 were
sent to the asylums, and 142 were dis
charged. It is noticeable that the male
but since Spain threw into the bargain
her claims in the Oregon country, the
price paid bought something more than
the Floridas. , „
In 1546 the Government quieted title to
the Oregon country definitely by treaty
with Great Britain, without any further
expense than items of extras in the diplo
matic disbursements. Here the public
i domain suffered a serious loss, because
the managers of a political campaign as
sumed to make the subject of diplomatic
correspondence a campaign promise of
"Fifty-four-forty or fight." It was found
Inconvenient to fight, iso the country had
to go back five degrees of latitude to the
forty-ninth.
To heal all wounds of war and pride
growing out of the Texas affair and war
of 1848, the sum of $15,000,000 in interest
bearing bonds was paid Mexico, and
340,000,000 acres were transferred from the
landed assets of the Mexican Republic to
those of the United States. This added
a territory about half the elze of the
Louisiana purchase of lSo3,>.nd moved
the western boundary from the summits
of the Rockies to the waters of the Pa
cific in an unbroken frontage. This, like
the Louisiana purchase, was a "snap bar
gain," costing about 4% cents per acre.
Then to soothe the woes of Texas, in
1850, the sum of $18,000,000 was paid her
for her claims to 60,000.000 acres. This
was the most expensive purchase thus
far— a little over a quarter of a dollar per
acre, especially as the Government had
bought the land once before.
By this time sixteen new States, not
counting Vermont and Maine, had been
formed out of the public domain, not to
mention organized territories. The land
purchases of the Government were cer
tainly proving popular.
In 1853 the Government grew fastidious
and wanted the line of its southern boun
dary to run a little bit differently, so
Mexico obligingly turned over 3M00 .000
acres for that purpose, and $10,000,000 paid
the bill Fastidiousness is expensive, and
a better looking boundary line cost the
Government about 35 cents per acre.
Then came the purchase of Alaska for
$7 200,000, which was at the rate of about
2 cents per acre.
Since 1867 the Government has halted
in its purchases. No wonder. Look at
this;
LCres.
Louisiana purchase. ISO 3 j
East and West Floridas. 1819
Quadalupe Hidalgo. IS4S
Texas purchase, 1850
Oadsden purchase. 1553 '
Alaska purchase, 1567
756,961.280
37.931,520
334.443,520
61.892.450
29,142,400
369,529,600
127.267,621 93
6,489.763 00
15.000.000 00
18.000, 000 00
10.000,000 00
7,200,000 00
.03 3-5
.17 1-10
.04 1-2
.25 17-20
.34 3-10
.01 19-20
Total pu rchaseß
188,157,
It requires just a little bit of manage
ment to get over a billion acres of land
into shape for disposition: some little
financial skill to turn the revenues of the
Government to make this land to pay
its price; many persons to spread out
over these vast tracts of land, to form
new States.
Let us see what disposition has been
made of all these lands for the common
lunatics outnumbered the female by
nearly two to one, the figures being 224
male and 133 female, showing that,
whatever may be the case in other
States, California is not a place where
household worries bring about an un
sound state of mind.
But the point is the nationality of the
patients. Out of the total of 357 luna
tics, only 142 were of United States
birth. The Irish were the next highest
on the list, with a contribution of 52,
and then comes Germany, 50; England,
17; China. 16; France, 12; Italy, 8; Scot
land, 7; Sweden, 7, the balance being
made up by small contributions from
nearly every nationality under the sun.
It will thus be seen that the foreign
element among our population Is large
ly responsible for the increase in in
sane patients. Another thing is that
California has for a long time past been
the favorite dumping ground for luna
tics from all parts of the Union. Peo
ple desirous of getting rid of their
helpless relatives would ship them off
with a ticket to the Golden State, and
the Golden State of course would have
to care for them. The State Commis
sion is busily engaged in shipping back
as many of these helpless creatures as
possible to the States whence they
came. It is cheaper in the long run to
pay the lunatic's fare back to the East
than to keep him.
A curious and rather pathetic in
stance of this kind occurred the other
day. A family migrated from Massa
chusetts to Oregon, bringing with
them their aged and witless mother.
But apparently they soon got tired of
keeping the old lady, so they bought
her a second-class ticket to Spring
field, Mass.. and put her on the cars
to get there as best she could.
However, they took the precaution of
sewing a label on her dress, showing
her name and destination in bold let
ters. Probably, being thus ad
dressed, the old lady would have got
through all right, had not the unusual
bustle and jolting of the cars destroyed
what little balance of mind she had
left. Thus, when she got to Califor
nia she had to be placed in an asylum,
and arrangements have only just been
completed for sending her to her home
in the East.
J. F. ROSE-SOLEY.
benefit. By 18S0 the soldiers and marines
have been given homes— over 61,000,000
acres; heads of families. 55,000,000 acres;
for schools, seminaries and agricultural
colleges, about 50.000.000 acres; for rail
roads, wagon roads, canals and telegraph
lines, SO,iKX»,O*K) acres, ami ho on one might
go with a statement of numbers of acres
which grow meaningless because of their
immensity.
The Government has sought to lay out
and settle up its lands by townships.
Actual occupation and use of the land has
been the elementary condition of trans
fer of ownership to the individual. The
title conveyed Is an absolute one; no
reservation of an annual rent; no per
formance annually of an act of homage
to an overlord: no right of entry retained.
The actual tiller of the soil may become
the landlord in every sense. He is his
own overlord. He is a free man.
What wonder, then, that as fast as the
Government has acquired lands actual
and potential citizen-settlers have pushed
the surveyor forward with his compass
and chain. Why should not population
rise from 3,000,000 to seventy odd million?
Why marvel that thirteen little States
have erected a Union of fifty-one repub
lican States and Territories.
Why should not the task and reward
that follows bringing forth the riches of
a billion acres of land that range through
all forms of base and precious metals, all
vegetable wealth from the tropics to the
Arctic, suffice to keep a people too busy,
too happy for anarchy. When in one
year the yield of gold alone in a single
State of the newly purchased territory
almost equaled the total coat to the Gov
ernment of the billion acres acquired,
why should the increase in national
wealth seem so incredible. When one re
gards the generous aid given to educa
tion from the lands of the public domain,
why should the high average of enlight
enment and culture of the American peo
ple seem so exceptional. Considering the
aid given railroads and other roads, why
should not our mileage and equipment of
roads lead all other nations.
A little reflection, it is plain, must lead
to the conclusion that the material and
political growth of the United States is
due largely to the character of ita terri
torial acquisitions and Its policy of dispo
sition of newly acquired lands. The Gov-
eminent has consistently adherod to Its
original guarantee to hold the vast public
domain in trust for the common benefit
and the settlement and formation of sov
ereign States, always leaving the circum
stance of the future to determine what
the common benefit demands, and the
ability of the soil to support population to
fix the time and place of a new common
wealth. ELENOR D. PRATT.
2526
SOCIETY
j LTHOUGH the Lenten season
7A\ lias always been rigidly ob-
ALTHOUGH the circles the dead
has always been rigidly ob
served in social circles the dead
; /r ==i \ and even calm that has pre
li v> vailed the past few weeks is en
tirely unprecedented.
There has always been a series of small
affairs that more than compensates for
the lack of formality by the delightful
time it afforded the select few.
Small luncheons, informal dinners, teas
and card parties have heretofore nour
ished during the penitential season. This
year they are the exception, and during
the past four weeks there has been but
one event of importance— J. H.
Jewett's card party, held at that lady s
residence at the corner of Bus.h and Jones
streets yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Jewett's
party differed materially from affairs. of
this kind, in that refreshments were
served immediately upon the arrival of
the guests. .About fifty ladies were seated
at small round tables, and enjoyed an
elaborate luncheon— in spite of the fact
that the elegant menu was referred to
as "refreshments" in the invitation. Af
ter partaking of all the good things of
the season, cards— six-handed euchre
were in order. The players were ranged
at seven small tables and the victors were
awarded dainty prizes.
Mrs. Jewett's home is eminently adapt
ed for entertaining, and yesterday when
drawing room, library and dining nail
were all thrown open into one, looked
extremely pretty and attractive with its
decoration of pink and roses.
Mr. and Bins. • William McGloskey en
tertained Thursday afternoon at their
new studio, 231 Post street, assisted by
Mrs. William Tiffany, Mrs. Frank Fred
ericks Mrs. Susan Loosley and
Frederick Paulding. Among the guests
present were Mr. and Mrs. P. a.
Cornwall, Judge and Mrs. Davis Lou
derback, Mrs. James Goewey. Miss Goe
wey, Mrs William Ingraham Kip, the
Misses Kip. M. and Mine. Adolphe Roos,
Mrs. Henry Gibbons, the Misses Gibbons,
Mr. and Mrs. William towry, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Goodall, Mrs. William C.
Mills Mrs. William Prosper Shaw, Mrs.
Wenban, Mrs. Henry L. Van Wyck, Mrs.
Joseph Koshland of Boston, Mr. and Mrs.
Moses Heller, Mrs. Aaron Milton Burns,
Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Kiel, Mr. and Mrs.
D. N. Walter, Mrs. I. N. Wal
ter Mrs. J. O. Hirschf elder, Mr.
and Mrs. William C. Morrow. Mr.
and Mrs. Irving Moulton, Mr. and Mrs.
Slgmund Stern. Mr. and Mrs. Crux, judge
and Mrs Xil.-s Searls, Mrs. Adolph
Steinbergs. Grant Boyd, Miss Boyd, Mr.
end Mrs. Marcus Koshland, Mr. and Mrs.
W. G. Anderson. Mr. and Mrs. William
Moore Crofton, U. S. A.: Mrs. Henry
Wangenheim, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Fol-
Bom, the Misses Sherman, Dr. and Mrs.
John Spencer, Judge and Mrs. Henry
lleighton. the Misses Lowry, Mr. and
Mrs. Denman, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Mor
rill, the Misses Morrill, Mr. and Mrs. Vin
ing Mr. and Mrs. John Ilayn-s. Mrs.
Michaels. Mrs. H. B. Berryman, Dr. and
Mrs. Hatch, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. G. R.
Fitch, Miss Fitch. Mrs. A. L. Hart. Mrs.
Booth, Mrs. William Avc-ry. Mrs. James
Edwards, Mrs. L. Adams, Miss M. M.
Greer Miss Hastings. Mrs. F. Reynolds,
Mrs. E. A. Godfrey, Mrs. C. Walker, Mrs.
Edward Bent. Mrs. Thomas Taylor. Mrs.
A E Ridley, Mrs. Henry Sinsheimer, Mr.
and Mrs. Ehrman, Mrs. J. Homer Fritch,
Mrs. John Dare. Mrs. M. Watson, Miss
Watson, Mrs. W. Scott. Mrs. Albert
Raisch, Mrs. J. Gawne, Mrs. > .>en. John
T Hittell. Mr. and Mrs. Sewall Dolliver,
Mr. and Mrs. Colnon. Mrs. Robert Rich
ardson. Mrs. G. W. Warren. Mrs. Byron
Dlggins, Dr. George Redding, Miss Kim
ber. Mr. Richardson and Professor M. W.
Haskell.
An American dinner was given by Hol
brook Bllnn and wife (Ruth Benson) at
their London home, - No. 3 Blenheim
Road, St. John's Wood, Sunday evening.
February 27. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Fowler (daughter of Paul
Nenmann. formerly of San Francisco):
the American comedian, Tom Seabrooke;
Captai.n Hood of the Royal Artillery*,
Franklyn McLeay; Charles Warner, one
of the best-known actors in England;
Ethel Barrymore and Miss Sheldon of
Henry Irving's company; the Misses
Pounds, well-known operatic artists; Miss
r'vVarner of Wilson Barrett's company.
Paul Arthur, Agnes Miller and Mr. and
Mrs. George Giddens, the distinguished
comedians. Mr. and Mrs. BHnn have
, taken a house in London for the season
and will not return to America this year.
Home QatKerings.
A surprise party was given to Miss
Anna Cattermole at her home on Mason
street, on Wednesday i-vpninf?. March 9. in
honor of her sixteenth birthday. The
parlors were tastefully decorated with
American Beauty roses and ferns. At 9;30
o'clock an elaborate :-i j i >j •• -r- was Berved
in the spacious dining-rooms which were
decorated with violets and golden rod.
Games and dancing were the pastime of
the evening. Those present were: Miss
Freda Behlm>-r. Miss Martie Marxon, Miss
Olga yon der JJ»;h. Miss Jessie Sawyer.
Miss Minnie Endliah, Miss Emily Caiter
mnle. Miss Theo Sawyer, Miss I. aura
Chase, Miss Charlotte Sawyer, tlie Misses
Henna. Henrietta and Wilma Cattermole,
Miss Millie Paulsen, Master Louis Lou
din. Wil'ie Loudin, John Cattermole,
Robert Green, John Eggers, Frank Lou
din. Tom Magner, Fred Loudin, Walter
yon der Lietb and Henry Behlmer.
on Tuesday evening. March 15, Miss
Mar Folsom entertained La VienteWhi3t
(•|\ib at her residence, 1509 Jackson
street. The Hrst prize was won by Miss
Alice Allen and the consolation prize by
Miss Ma" Folsom. After tlte j,';-.me the
well known songr, "After the Ball." was
red In pantomime. Miss Lillie Cook
sang the solo.
Mr. and Mrs. Bernhard Marks of 21fi
Hyde street celebrated their silver wed
ding on the ]t;ih of Match.
A social gathering was given by a num
QUEEREST FAMILY PLAT ON EARTH.
IT is doubtful whether there exists anywhere in this broad
land a parallel to the strange cemetery lot at Mayfield, Ky.,
which has been for the last ten years the hobby of "Uncle
Henry" Wuolridge, as he is known familiarly to his friends
and neighbors. Although born in 1t22. a native of Middle
Tennessee, he is vigorous in mind and has never used spec
tacles, but a physical Infirmity prevents his walking, so he is
driven each day to the cemetery in his buggy and inspects the
condition of his collection of monuments.
The term "collection" is exactly the most fitting one to ap
ply in this case. Like most true "collectors," lie began in a
email way, with a very modest family monument of Vermont
marble, to mark the lot. But this seemed to him lacking in the
personal note, and he haxl a white marble shaft Inserted into
this monument, bearing on its face a bas relief portrait of him
self on horseback. This was an improvement, but did not
eeem entirr-ly satisfactory, and he accordingly ordered a life
elze portrait statue of himself in white marble at a cost of $1000.
Having thus arranged for his own posthumous fame, he
her of young ladies Saturday evening at
Mission Parlor Hall.
During the evening a farce in one act,
entitled "Mr. X." was rendered by F. M.
Warren, M. M. Jones. W. Larsen, Miss
Ada George, Miss Mac Gallagher and
Miss Abbie McDonald.
Messrs. Warren. Jones and Larsen
showed much tact and ability in their
parts, and carneu off the honors of the
evening. .
Miss Mac Gallagher and Miss Ada
George did remarkably well, and received
many beautiful flowers. |
Miss Abbie McDonald ns the old maid
did also some very very good work.
It is hoped that they will soon give us
the pleasure of again seeing them.
A surprise party was given to Miss K,d
na Cerf at her home, 109 Eleventh street,
by the members of the California Club.
iM'ring the evening a serenade was given
by a large band. A very pleasant even
ing was spent and dancing continued till
the early hours.
Mr and Mrs. Joseph Schwalbe of 140S
O'Farrell street celebrated the barmitz
vah of their son Monroe yesterday, at the
Taylor-street Temple. At home to-day,
from 2 to 5 p. m.
A double birthday party in honor of
Mrs. Earnest May and Johnny Mertz
was celebrated at the home of Mrs. Ear
nest May on Wednesday evening. March
9, at 28 Shotwell street. The evening was
An informal reception was held re
cently in honor of the twenty-first birth
day anniversary of Joseph C. Ba«igalupi
at 'his home, l.">4f> Mason street. A large
number of his friends spent the evening
most pleasantly with music and games,
after which refreshments were served.
Among those present were Miss Daisy
Merle, Miss Leonie Gless. Miss Alice Ti
conlct. Miss Lena Schulteiss. Miss Kath
erine Fay, Miss Lou Fay. Miss Maysie
Garbarino, Miss Ida Garbarino, Mrs. J. C.
Garbarino, Mrs. Zoborbier, Messrs. Mar
tin Merle, Jules Gless. James Cottle, Har
ry Foley, Charles Lowe, Alfred Medley,
Elbert Cowan. Andrew Garbarino, Joseph
and Louis Bacigalupi.
Messrs. J. E. Crooks and Joseph Reed
of Haywards were given a farewell party
by their many friends on Saturday even
ing last in Native Sons' Hall. Miss Wilder
Zuver and Miss Annie May. with the as
sistance of Messrs. A. Morgan, J. Farrel
and C. Ruppricht, constituted the com
mittee on arrangements.
The dance hall was decorated with
laurel, evergreen and mustard blossoms,
while the dining hall and parlors were
handsomely decorated with acacia and
many other varieties of flowers.
Charles Ruppricht acted as toastmast
ter. Those who responded to his calls
were: Messrs. Neal, Maconaghy, Lemos,
Wilbect, Kinsell, Reed, Meyer, Gates,
Crooks and Morgan.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. J.
E. Crooks of Haywar_s, Mr. and Mrs. P.
Wilbert of Haywards. Mr. and Mrs. C.
W. Heyer of Haywards. Mr. and Mrs. F.
Brown of Alameda; Misses Ethel Crooks,
Annie May, Mamie Nendick. Kate Eg
gert. Mamie Keating. Ella Horn, Emma
Horn, Grace Hatch, Flora Hatch, Agnes
Ramagre. Ella Garrelson. Alice Garrelson,
Lizzie Nendick, Annie Haas, Tina Haas,
Rose Strobel, Annette Mast, Anna Obe
mnler, Nettie Nelson, Nora Stanton,
Louise May. Tillie Reed, of Hay
wards; Miss Emma Thierbach and Mamie
O'Donnell of San Francisco; Messrs. J.
C. Crooks. Joe Ree... James Tarrel,
Charles Ruppricht. Al Morgan, Carl Nen
dick. Oscar Morgan. Charles Pimentei,
Louis Pimentei. William Pimentei. Stan
ley Morgan. Ed Haas, R. Reed. Wililam
Graham, Joe Prowse. J. Stanton. Neal
Maconaghy, Frank Lemos of Haywards:
Messrs. Henry Wehr, Fred Brune and
Hermann Forbra-de of San Francisco; E.
Gates of Fruitvale; Dudley Kinsell of
San Leandro.
Wedding Bells.
Miss Rose L. Bloom and San Alexander.
both of San Jose, were quietly married at
the home of the bride's sister. Mrs. H.
Bloom. 220 Chattanooga street, Thursday.
March 17. Only members of the family
were present.
jKevj're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Schmalz announce the
engagement of their daughter, Beckie, to
Herrman Strasser.
The engagement reception of Herrman
Strasser-Miss Beckie Schmalz will take
place Sunday. March 27. at C 24 Hayes
street, from 2 to 5 o'clock p. m.
Cards have been issued for the wedding
of Miss Mildred Weil and Julius S.
Schweizer of Now York, on April 3. at
the residence of the bride's parents, 1814
Pine street.
Miss Rose Copper and George Silber
stein, whose engagement was recently an
nounced, will receive their friends Sun
day, March 20, at SIG I^ Sutter street.
lr\ the Future.
The reception announced for March 20.
to l>e held ;it the home of Mr. and Mis.
Carash of Oakland, will not take place
on account of the death of the mother
of Mr. Carash.
Sailed AWavj.
Among those sailing on the steamship
Zealandla for Honolulu on Saturday,
March 12, were: Miss Mary Allen, W.
Auld, H. W. Baker and wife, W. D.
Bethel, Miss Mary Brooks, H. C. Brown
and wife, Miss 11. Burns, 11. J. Burrell,
Mrs. R. F. Burrell. C. J. Cox, Miss S.
Ems, C. A. Galbraith and wife, W. Gas
si tt. Mrs. T. Goodman and thretr children,
G. T. Hawley, M. C. Hawl.y. Miss Har
riet Hitchcock, Lieutenant F. H. Holmes,
Dr. Humphreys, W- P- Jones and wife,
I >r. Savant Jerome. D. Kalauokalani. J.
K. Kaulia. W. EClebahn, J. \V. Lee and
wife, Miss Lee, J. M. Lydgate and wife,
V. Courtney Mitchell. .1. H/ Monteath, D.
M. Newbro, K. T. Nieblin"-. wife and
child, William Pritchett and wife. Miss
took up next his family, and ordered effigies of his mother and
his eldest brother, in Indiana limestone, at a cost of $250 for
both. "When these were in place, a favorite niece was com
memorated by another stone figure, and she was shortly accom
panied by a playmate, a little girl who had brought him flow
ers during an illness.
Seeing himself thus surrounded by some of his human asso
ciates, the desire came to him for the companionship of his
animal favorftes, and he began with his thoroughbred hunting
horse Fop. In order that the representation might be com
plete, he himself occupied the saddle. Of course his dogs, as
accessories to the hunt, came next in order. Tow Head, a fa
vorite deer hound, must needs have a deer to precede him
Then it would not do to slight Bob, the fox hound, and Bob is
reproduced, with his fox.
Next In order was a receptacle for his own body— a sar
cophagus, with marble cover, on which is carved a representa
tion of his trusty gun.
Finally, to complete the family group, were added memo
rials of his three brothers— three figures, just alike with the
stiff pose usually seen in tailors' dummies
THE SA!N" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
L. Ripley, W. Scharfer, R. C. Scott,
Thomas Smith. Mrs. T. G. Smith, A. To
bin, E. S. Valentine, L. J. Wallace, Dr.
A. W. Wilcox, J. H. Wilson, Mrs. T. C.
Porter and child and W. A. loung and
wife.
Students Entertain.
The faculty and students of Holtt's
school at Burlingame tendered their
friends a reception last Saturday. A de
lightful musical programme was rendered
which was enjoyed by a large audience,
assembled from San Francisco, Oakland,
Belmont. San Jose, Palo Alto and Ala
meda. The affair ended with a dance,
which was greatly enjoyed by the boys
and their friends. % . ♦
QaVe a House Warming
Mr. and Mrs. C. Newman, assisted by
their talented daughter Ethel, gave a
house warming in their new home, 424
Post street, last Tuesday. The evening
was spent in singing and dancing, after
which an elaborate supper was served.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. New
man. Miss Frisbee, Mrs. Frisbee, Mrs.
George Allen, Mrs. Charles Dobbin, Fred
Myrtle, Frank Coffin, William Harris,
Ben O. Tarbox, William Bacheldor, Fred
Kaufman, Frank Thompson and Clar
ence Leavy. .
A JYlusical Prodigy.
Miss Cecil Cowles, the child pianist,
scored a tremendous success at the en
tertainment given by the Western Addi
tion Literary and Social Club last Wed
nesday night. Although only 4 years
of age, the musical prodigy plays with
the finesse and dash of a professional.
Her rendition of "A Hot Time in the Old
UNIQUE STREETCAR WHERE THE HORSES RIDE
PERHAPS one of the oddest things in all Southern Cali
fornia is a street car in Ontario, San Bernardino County.
This car is not run by electricity, steam, nor is it drawn
by a cable. Ever}' morning it can be seen standing near
-*- the depot of the Southern Pacific Railroad waiting for
the incoming train. It is long, broad, and filled with
little seats such as are found in steamcars, and a broad aisle
down the center. Two mules are harnessed to the front of the
car In comes the railroad train and off goes the car up
Euclid avenue, the principal thoroughfare of Ontario..
Euclid avenue is 200 feet wide and along the side are rows
of pepper and palm trees. Directly in the center of the street
is the cartrack. On each side is a broad strip of green
bounded by a row of trees. This avenue Is seven miles long
and it is a* true grade. The altitude at the head of the avenue
is 1400 feet above the foot of the avenue.
Town To-night" fairly brought down
the house. .
The child wonder is the daughter of
Mrs Gertrude Cowles, who has won
considerable fume as a pianist. It is the
intention of Mrs. Cowles to take her
talented offspring to Berlin in a few
months, where she is to receive a
thorough musical education.
J-'ersonals.
Puperintendent of Streets Ambrose and
wife left on Monday, the 14th inst., for a
short trip through Southern California.
Their itinerary will include all principal
points of interest, and they expect to be
gone two weeks.
Mrs. H. B. Hunt and her daughter, Miss
Emma Hunt, have returned from Europe,
after an absence of over ei^ht months.
F. W. Dohrmann. accompanied by Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Michaels, has arrived at
< Gibraltar.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Gassner (nee Mag
nin) left Sunday, the 13th inst.. for an
extended trip through the Eastern States
and a tour of the European cities.
Mrs. Thomas Cheeseman has gone to
Los Angeles and Mexico. Mrs. A. C.
Shaw accompanied her.
A long-suffering listener, after hear
ing from a youth his account of how he
and two companions kept 500 Indians at
bay for twenty-four hours, asked: "Do
you know why the Lord said to Ana
nias, 'Stand forth'?" Upon receiving
a negative reply, he continued: "Well,
I don't either, unless it was so that
you and your two companions could
stand first, second and third!" — New
York Evening Post.
HOW ONE ANNEXATION
SCHEME FAILED.
IT was but a short time after the
rejection by the United States
Senate of General Grant's pet
scheme to annex San Domingo for
a coaling station and a foothold in
that region that I met the Hon. Ben
Wade, then ex-United States Senator
from Ohio as he was returning to his
home from Hayti and Washington.
President Grant at that time was
bending every energy of his adminis
tration to accomplish the purchase of
a harbor in. Hayti. The papers were as
full of San Domingo and its acquisition
then as they are now of Cuba and
Spain.
After an almost interminable discus
sion in the Senate a commission was
agreed upon to go to San Domingo to
examine and report upon the proposed
purchase. Ex-Senator Wade was one
of this commission whose report was
favorable, and again discussion and
struggle ensued, continuing hotly for a
number of days.
"At last," said Mr. Wade, "the day
and the hour set for taking the final
vote arrived. But few Senators were
absent from their seats, and an interest
almost painful in its intensity was
manifested by all in the result. The
friends of the measure were confident
jf a majority of six, while their oppo
nents were in despair of being able to
rally any more votes than such a ma
jority would leave them.
"When the President of the Senate
Instead of Pulling 1 It.
The mules trudge up the gentle slope; the grade Is so easy
that the incline is hardly perceptible. On every side as far as
the eye can reach are beautiful and fragrant groves of fruit,
while straight ahead is the Ontario Mountain, and beyond, far
in the distance, stands "Old Baldy," the highest of all the
surrounding mountain peaks, with its summit capped with
At the terminus of the road the driver pulls from under the
back of the car a square platform, places the mules upon it, re
leases the brake and away goes the car down the long, gentle
grade, moved Only by gravity, thus giving these two tired
mulefl a free ride, which they enjoy as much as any of the
nasseneers. The grown people as well as the children crowd
out upon the back platform and feed the happy, contented
mules grass and candy.
This car was so great a novelty that a representation of It
was made of oranges and sent to the World's Fair, also to the
Citrus Fair held at Los Angeles in 1894.
REMARKABLE DISCOVERY «
OF AN ESCAPED MURDERER
Continued from Page Seventeen.
didn't wait for a second command. Up
went my hnnds, fur I didn't know what
sort of a scrape I had tumbled into.
"The next instant I saw that one of
the men was Geigor. The other was a
much younger man— the same whom I
had seen behind the stump at the Reg
istration Flat camp. They stood there
with guns up, one en each side of the
narrow entrance of the cave.
"Two men in such a place coultl hold
several hundred In check. But they
had no need to fear me. I was more
paralyzed than they were. Had they
exercised ordinary precautions, they
would have discovered my approach,
for from the mouth of the cave they
could command a view of all the sur
rounding country for miles.
" "Well, what dv you want here?' said
Geiger.
" 'Nothing,' I answered. 'I was look
ing around and lost my way.'
"I could see that Geiger recognized
me as the man he had seen in camp.
But he was not entirely satisfied with
my reason for no-sing around his cave.
It looked a littl" as if I had been fol
lowing him. The life sentence in prison
still hangs over him. There was a re
ward offered for his capture, which is
still good. He knew all about this; and
so there were good reasons why he
should be afraid of spies.
"I didn't like the way the two men
scrutinized me, and so I tried to s^uara
myself.
" You don't seem to remember me,
Mr. Geiger?' I said, boldly.
"The effect of .this name upon the old
man was startling. The younger man
was startled, too. So it was evident to
me that he knew all about Geiger's
record.
" 'Geiger?' said the old man, never
lowering his gun; 'why do you call me
that?'
"Then I told him of some favors I had
once done him. He smiled, and told his
chum that it was all right. He put
down his gun and came forward and
shook hands.
"Very soon I had a good chance to
look about me. The cave was quite
large, how large I don't know, but Gei
ger told me that a stream of water ran
through the back of It.
" 'So, you see, we can't be starved
out,' he said.
"From the ma'ln cave there were
smaller side caves leading off different
directions. Helper and his chum had
more guns in rocks around the walls of
the cave. Geiger did not say so: but
I am satisfied, from his remarks, that
they could 'not be starved out,' that he
has a lot of provisions stored in his
cave and ha must have ammunition in
quantity.
"I noticed also a lot of books and
papers, quite a library. The latest
newspapers were not very old. Each
man had a comfortable bed. There was
a 'Dutch oven' in the cave and other
facilities for cooking.
"Just how we fell into talking about
Geiger's past life I don't know. Ho
told me that he had never been out
of California since the affair at Sher
wood Valley. He showed me a bill
of fare from the Russ House dated
August 15, 1897. He also had a pro
gramme of 'Wang,' which he had seen
performed in a San Francisco theater.
"When I expressed surprise at these
Geiger laughed a*id said that he went
to San Francisco whenever he felt in
clined.
" 'I was in Captain Trees' office in San
Francisco one day,' he said, 'when they
were discussing the theft of some tools
belonging to "a surveying party. It
seemed queer for me to be there, but
amusing.'
"Afterward I verified this statement
by questioning men who were present
in the office when the subject of these
very stolen tools came up.
"Geiger spoke to me about his cave
announced that the hour had come for
taking the vote a Senator rose to a
question of privilege and sent a paper
to the clerk's desk to be read.
"There was the stillness of the tomb,"
continued Mr. Wade, "as every one
soon recognized the memorable lan
guage of Washington's farewell ad
dress. Not a word followed the reading,
even the presiding officer's direction to
call the roll was by a look and a mo
tion of the head. In a silence that was
oppressive the vote was taken and an
nounced. The measure had failed. Not
only had it lost Its majority of six, but
many more on the affirmative had
changed their intended ayes to noes,
and San Domingo did not become a part
of the territory of the United States.
"The prayer of the good Washington
had prevailed and we were free from
entangling alliances."
P. T. DICKINSON.
WORSE THAN BIG HATS.
There is a more intolerable nuisance
in the theater thaji the big hat. The
nuisance is the late comer. Sometimes
he is alone; he has dined heavily; he
has been late in deciding where to go;
he saunters leisurely down the aisle;
he apologizes loudly and steps care
fully on male and female feet. Or he
is one of the theater party. He and
his friends come in the full glory of
evening dress, but they come late.
There are people on the stage, but the
theater party does not see them as It
enters— nor do those seated near them
until the party, with much ceremony,
is seated. — Boston Journal.
i companion, and said that he was want
ed in several places.
" 'They want him,' said Geiger, 'for
doing the sort of thing I got Into trou
ble for. Oh, yes, he's a chip of the
old block!' "
Mr. Bailey does not know who Gel
ger's companion is.
Geiger, he says, was well preserved
for his age, 70 years. His hair and
beard, both of which were long, were
white with age. He was dressed very
comfortably and seemed to have a high
opinion of his own cleverness in elud
ing capture for over twenty-five years.
He was well supplied with money, and
seemed to be contented with his lot.
When Bailey left him he bade him
a warm farewell. _The only promise
he extracted from his visitor was that
he should say nothing about the meet
ing or tell any one about the cave for
six months.
"By that time," said Geiger, smiling,
"I'll be fixed again Just as safely as
I have been any time during the past
twenty-five years, and none of the old
Mendocino people will be able to tum
ble on my hiding place as you have
done.
"Good by."
Mr. Bailey kept his promise and has
not tried to locate Geiger within the
six months.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
82 82 82' 82 82 82 82 22 22 22 22 82 82 % 82' 8282 82
SS _ ->?„..- '. ; "88
g An ... ss
88 88
I Extraordinary 1
I Offering! * jj
88 A Manufacturer's
88 t Sample Line of
SS ■' . 88
UMBRELLAS
o w
j. Bought at a sacrifice and will jj
g. be sold at less than one half. 55
g» Ladies' and Gent's Umbrellas, 88
85 made of best Gloria Silk, Para- 88
SS gon frames, steel rods, 26 and 88
88 : 28 inches, hand-painted Dres- -g
SS den handles, sterling-mounted 'S'
88 wooden sticks, pearl, horn and
•' -.r. r a number. of other modish and iBB
28 ■ pretty designs, all $2.50, $3.50 88
88 and $5.00 Umbrellas, your 88
choice while they last • ■ *]
■js:-' "■'=•''-- " ■ ■■■-■■ ■ • ; '■•■••- ■•■■•-. ■■ ; 88
I IQE ROSENBERG §
S3'"'-;:- :;-., - ■ - ■•:■ . : . . -■ ■•■- ■■ ■■■- :.-•-;-.• SS.
ss 816 Market St. g
%' 11 0'Farrell St. »
ss _____ . . ~
I Agent "HER MAJESTY" Corsets}'«
,22 82 828282328282228282828282 82 82 22 82
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _„_—-.- -
boooooooobcooooooooox>booob^
1898
STYLFS
■ *\ •-*- ' ,
I
SPECIAL
» ' •, .1
THIS WEEK!
Wash Goods ! Linens !
§We have just opened some We have opened up some 40
exquisite fabrics and colorings ; cases Household Linens, con-
in Seasonable Wash Goods, sisting; of Table Damasks, Nap-
some of which are exclusive. \ kins, Towels, Towelings, etc.
The first choice is always most i The styles, prices and qualities
satisfactory. will be found most attractive.
SPECIALS! SOME LEADERS !
OrLVIALO • 50 pieces BLEACHED TABLE
DAMASK, the heavy close CA r
WIDE "WIDTH FINE PRINT- weave, very durable, spe- "*"
ED ORGANDIES, including |l) r cial at... Yard
new checks, just to open the I"** 2 cases GOOD GRADE GLASS
season, at..... Y»rd LINEN. IS inches wide, Qr
EXTRA GRADE PRINTED!-?! r close and solid in texture. "•
BATISTES, a wide cloth andl*2 1 ' fas woven edges, special at Yard
sheer fabric, very desirable... Yard l case three-quarters ALL-
IMPORTED ORGANDIES, ex- 7fl LINEN DINNER NAP- Cl IS
tra grade, very stylish, just a *'«•' - KINS, 21 inches square, a 1 *' I ..
small 10t.......:....":......,..... Yard ~ splendid va1ue..'..:..... ... Doi.
HANDSOME PERCALES, thVl-Jl Nice grade CREAM TABLE 2fl r
5 best cloth and newest print- «42 C DAMASK, new floral de- » JW *'
ing 5......... Yard; signs Yard
NEW EFFECTS IN FASHION- Ift- Heavy grade TURKISH TOW- |j} c \
ABLE GINGHAMS, close fine IWC ELS, large size and well »«^
fabric .Yard made ........ v . E»eh
Fine grade WHITE ORGAN- fa n 200 pairs good grade WHITE
DIES, sheer and evenly wo- BLANKETS. almost all Ci 7E
yen special at Yard wool, a little soiled, value v^liJ
_ ... . , ■ $3 75, to be closed out at..... Pair
Exquisite imported printed OR- <jff- ■-. , ,. -.-r^
GANDIES. woven satin stripe «C laO pieces NEW PRINTED in c
effects, chaste in colorings.... V SILKOLINE. inches wide, "*
choice colorings Yard
WHITE DOTTED SWISS, neatly! - A grand assortment PRINTED m „
pinhead size dot, a -.special " DENIMS. 35 inches wide.... '^C
bargain. Yard Yard
F Y ti»n V«llie« 5 cases HEAVY GRADE FLANNEL- e_
OXLI iX V itIUCS> ETTES. a full assortment; value S ]-3c; to OC
be closed out at... ....' .......Yard
4 cases HEAVY FULL SIZE MARSEILLES SPREADS- a SI 50OM AC
value; on sale this week at <4>1.1D ,
Each
BLACK GOODS!
Rflr 75 pieces BLACK MOHAIRS, in all the new designs, full 42 Inches
OUb wide; good value at 75c; will be offered at 50c yard ncnei
CCp 100 pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM SERGE, 49 inches wide- re -
JJb v ular value 75c; will be offered at • 55c yard ' ....
CflP 150 pieces -BLACK ENGLISH STORM SERGE, 45 Inches wide- ex-
UUb - tra value at 65c; will be offered at 50c yard. . • wiae, ex-
75C P leces BLACK STORM : SERGE. 5*2 Inches wide, in 3 different
l UU, wales; good values at $1; will be offered at 75c Tya-A * amerent
.. '.'■■ ■■■ -ycT^i _.' -
■ ■■-■-■
$1.00 SaSnrßof^^^sa^t ?F£ZZ? T ' "B" B inches >^r«gular;
$1.00 15 pieces BLACK FRENCH CAMELSHAIR BOURETTE. 47 inches
9IIUU wide; extra value for $1 oO; will be offered at Jl yard.
50c 60 pieces BLACK FRENCH GRENADINES, all silk, and all silk
9, rtrt and mohair, In all the newest designs; ranging in price from 50c
extraTspeciali
JUST RECEIVED -The Largest Shipment of NEW PIEROLA
AND CREPONS ever seen in San Francisco ranging in
price from
51.25 to $3.00 Yard.
'■■■&? SEE CHRONICLE AND EXAMINER FOR OTHER SPECIALS.
{/.{/ Murphy Building, J {/(/ Murphy Building, 1
Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.THE TAILOR-MADE GIRL OF '95
p. 3 Special from New York to The Call.
HE spring girl of '98 has an en
tirely new shape.
Her tailor-made gown is cut to
ii> Ehiiw every curve of her figure.
She has given up flowing
draperies.
Full skirts and puffed sleeves are now
things of the past.
The slender woman Js in despair. It is
the plump girl who is in fashion.
Padding has become an art. Figures
are made to order to show to advantage
the gown, as well as gowns are made to
fit the figure.
The new skirt of the tailor-made gown
Is conspicuous. It bears a striking re
semblance to the pull-back skirt worn
about fifteen years ago. It requires prac
tice to walk with grace and ease when
wearing it. It is fitted this year to the
figure with the same care as the bodice.
It must fit the hips without the sugges
tion of a wrinkle, and must really cling
to the figure until the knees are reached
if it aims to be in the very latest fashion,
most elaborately trimmed, and frequent
ly is finished with a small accordion
plaited ruffle. For frequently this skirt
lining takes the place of a silk petticoat.
The tailor-made girl cannot wear petti
coats if. she wishes to be strictly up to
date this year. Petticoats tend to hide
the symmetry of the figure, and she
wishes to reveal it.
With her new tailor gown the spring
girl wears— what do you think?—bloom
ers. But not the baggy bloomers of the
bicycle girl. Oh, dear no; but almost
tight-fitting black satin bloomers. And
for comfort in walking there is nothing
In the world to equal them.
The young person who cannot afford to
have her bloomers made of black satin
may have them of French flannel, light
weight serge, or brilliantine. But in one
thing this year she cannot afford to be
economical if she hopes to be considered
really fashionable. She must no longer
buy cheap taffeta silk for her skirt lin
ing. Silk which rustles is no longer the
vogue. It has become too common. The
high-priced taffetas and the soft silks,
which have a delightful swish about them,
but no suggestion of rustling, are now the
proper thing for linings.
Of course it isn't every girl who will
care to adopt this new and startling
fashion of t-ie tight-fitting skirt, but no
matter how she may change it to suit
her own particular views she will make
a fatal mistake if she does not see that
her skirt fits tightly across her hips and
at least for a few inches below them.
To carry out the fashionable figure the
corsets are now made with the bust
somewhat higher than it was six months
ago. But the straight front is still in
demand.
As for the sleeve It must be clinging,
like the rest of the costume. It must fit
to show perfectly the shape of the arm.
\s a substitute for the full sleeve with
- le generous puff it is a total failure. Not
oven the women with weil-developed,
beautiful arms look upon it with favor.
And as for the thin-armed sisterhood,
they weep with one accord at even the
::t of it. The good old puffed sleeve
has surely died hard.
Besides the new sleeve being tight fit
ting, it is extremely and somewhat un
comfortably long, the pointed puff not
unfrequently reaching over the knuckles.
Even the sleeves of the new coat, which
have no fancy cuffs, are much longer
than they were last year.
When the girl with the new figure ap
pear.- on the avenue in her new tailor
made gown, she must wear a hat tilted
well over her forehead. Of course, this
[a her spring hat, and it must be of straw
■r straw and chenille combined. The fa
vorite shape turns tip abruptly at the
">ack, and is trimmed with ribbon loops to
rive a broad effect. In many of the new
-ITir.c: hats the trimming appears to be
-nassed at the back. The back view of a
-; ring hat for the season of '98 is curious
ly much more remarkable and effective
:han the front.
There are any number of novelties dis
played in the shops just now to tempt the
uilnr-made girl. There are masculine
■ •oking vests in plenty, some made of
Mque and others in fancy cloths, and
here are the ribbed silk and satin vests
Relow the knees the skirt flares a trifle
In order thut walking may be made a
ossibllity.
Jt is to the lfning of this skirt that ;
r:uch ot its clinging effect is due. The
ning is made separately from the skirt.
n fact, it is attached to it only at the
tvaistband, and is fitted as carefully over
the hips as the skirt proper. The bot
m "f the lining of the skirt is often
r. the young person who can afford
SONS OF RICH MEN WHO WORK
WALL, street is full of rich
men — bankers or brokers or
the owners of gTeat railroads
—who are giving their sons
a college education and then
putting them to work. Although
every now and then you hear
though every now and then you hear
some prophet of 111 declare that pres
ent conditions tend to nurture a gen
eration of wealthy idlers and pluto
cratic non-producers, even a casual In
vestigation of the matter emphatically
dissipates the id#a.
I asked Chauncey M. Depew recently
what he thought of the necessity of ed
ucating rich men's sons to business
life. .
' There is only one side to that ques
tion," said Mr. Depew. "Every man
should educate his son to a business or
a profession, if he is fitted for either.
There are cases where a boy is not
mentally equipped for business life. I
know a young man, the son of a
wealthy father, who has been four
years in the same class at school. I
know another who has been in the
hands of a private instructor for three
rears and his tutor tells me he shows no
nental grasp.
I "When should the young man begin
' lis business career? When he has
iad a good college education. Com
<nodore Vanderbilt did not believe in
giving his son more than an academic
education. That son gave his boya
the same kind of an education; but the
•ourth generation is going to college,
foung Cornelius Vanderbilt graduated
from Yale. He is now taking a post
graduate course in marine engineering
♦.here."
Dr. George F. Shrady said to me a
ew days ago: "Do you know that only
10 per cent of the men who succeed in
New York are 'to the manner born'?
Eighty-five per cent are from smaller
•<.uns or from the country. 'These men
•me to the city with all the energy
and vigor grained in outdoor life and
v, ith the determination to conquer for
tune."
Dr. Shrady does not consider this an
nidence that rich men's sons have not
an equal chance to success if they have
ambition, however, and he says that
Bt every rich man he knows is
'■ringing his sons up to work. "All
work and no play makes Jack a dull
boy," said the son of a very rich man
his father. "Yes, and all play and
■rk makes Jack a blanked fool,"
the father in reply, according to
iJr. Shrady.
Perhaps the most striking instance
!n Wall street of rich men bred to work
b in the firm of Blair & Co., where
three generations are represented, two
■■■ them actively. John I. Blair, the
head of the family, is 96 years old. H<?
spends most of his time at his home
in ijlairstown, N. J. He gave his son,
De Witt <\ Blair, a thorough educa
•ion and then put him at work in Wall ]
IPtreet. When De Witt's son, C. L.
had graduated, like his father, at
i'rinceton, he was put in the office to
learn the buslne^ He is now a part-
Tier at 30, and he *»-«« hig father are
ls steadily attentive to business as
though they -were not the heirs of one
*t the richest men In the United States.
John D. Rockefeller and William
them. Often times those vests give the
one touch of bright color to an otherwise
somber costume. Plaid vests and those
in bright scarlet are much in demand.
The newest umbrella for the spring girl
is a gay affair made either of plaid silk
or silk in bright Roman stripes. And it
has swinging from its slender natural
wood handle a tiny purse also made of
gay silk. This purse is only large enough
for car fare, but in these days when
pockets are not always where they can be
reached most easily, the umbrella is
worth buying just for the convenience of
the purse if nothing more.
There is no use in denying it— the most
up-to-date girls are buying their stock
ings to match their umbrellas. Think of
it! If you -on't happen to believe it is
true, the clerks at the umbrella and
stocking counters have been comparing
notes, and they can certify to the abso
lute truth of this statement.
The newest stockings are all bright in
coloring. Plaids are the favorites and
HER VEST OF PLAID CLOTH.
many exquisite color combinations are
seeen. There are also many Roman
striped stockings and others showing a
novel ribbon effect. Elaborately embroid
ered insteps are also much in fashion.
The sale of silk stockings has greatly In
creased within the hist yc-ar. Now even
the bicycle stocking is a silken affair, and
has lost all its clumsiness.
In the matter of gloves, the strictly
tailor-made girl copies her brother's. But
if she happens to be just a bit frivolous
she is sure to buy this spring the new
gloves with the jeweled fastenings.
These gloves come in every color im
adnable and have imitation jeweled
studs, which are fastened together by
means of a fine silken cord. The gloves
in the different shades of tan. with violet
stitching and bits of mock amethysts for
the studs, are unusually pretty. For
dress occasions there are exquisite silvery
gray gloves with turquoise studs and sil
ver* stitching.
; Rockefeller, the Standard Oil million- I
aires, are believers in the plan of edu
cating rich men's sons to work. John
iU. Rockefeller Jr. is the only son of
John D. Rockefeller and heir to $200,
: 000,000. He is about 23 years old. He
■ is at work in his father's office, where
! he draws a small salary and saves part
! of it, just as his father did when he
was a clerk in a business office in
Cleveland. William G. Rockefeller, his
cousin, who is 28 years old, has been
in the employ of the Standard Oil
Company for several years. Both the
Rockefellers are steady, industrious
young men, and either of them could
find employment very easily if thrown
upon his own resources.
A comparatively new figure in W all
street is George Crocker, son of the
bonanza millionaire. Few of the men
who made such quick fortunes in the
gold fields saw far enough ahead to
realize the necessity of making their
chidren bread winners. Many of their
sons became dissipated, like young
Fair. Some of them have fallen into
business life because they needed oc
cupation. Mr. Crocker is one of the lat
ter. He says that the biggest obstacle
he has had to surmount all his life is
the fact that his father was a million
aire.
"You will always live in the shadow
of your father's name," said a million
aire friend of the elder Crocker to the
young man one day.
"It is true," said Mr. Crocker,
"though no one ever expressed it to me
in that way before. Whatever I do I
am always my father's son; I .have no
identity of my own."
George Westinghouse, the millionaire
inventor and manufacturer, has a son
who is too young as yet to think of the
responsibilities of life: but if he shows
a liking for the machine shop when he
grows older Mr. Westinghouse will put
him in a pair of overalls and set him
at work. Mr. Westinghouse himself
works at the bench in his private shop
in Allegheny, where he develops his
mechanical ideas.
Washington is full of idle young men
having rich fathers. Senator Stephen
B. Elkins, who has been a very busy
man all his life, has a son who is giv
ing his attention almost entirely to so
ciety. There are a great many young
men like him, whose fathers have
■ plenty of money, who are living for
amusement. George Pullman's sons
were of this type, and they learned a
spvf-re lesson when their father prac
tically disinherited them because they |
lacked business ambition. They have j
undertaken to cultivate it now, and |
both of them are working for the Pull
man Car Company in Chicago. The
stock yard millionaires are self-made
men, and they believe in bringing up
their sons to honest labor. Philip D. j
Armour has two boys. They left col- |
lege to take clerical positions in htelr |
father's office, and there they worked i
beside their father's clerks, asking no I
favors and learning the business thor
oughly by experience. Both of them
are now members of the firm, and there j
are no busier young men in Chicago.
TJavid R. Francis of St. Louis, for- j
mer Secretary of the Interior, believes
in work for the rich man's son. Mr.
Francis has seven boys, one of whom |
graduated last year from Yale. Mr. ■
Francis told me last summer that he i
was going to put the young man into i
a clerical position in his office, and let j
him learn the business. Mr. Francis ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
Though this very severe tailor-made
young person of the spring of IS9B has
apparently -abanuoned petticoats for
street wear she shows just the same
old-time fondness for fluffy skirts when
dressing for the house. There is an end
less variety of silk petticoats, and every
one of them shows plainly the effect of
the tight-fitting cloth skirt. For all of
the new silk skirts are made to fit per
fectly over the hips, and but little full
ness is visible until the knees are reached,
and then invariably a circular flounce ap
pears. This is generally lace trimmed,
and is often so arranged that it may be
ripped from the skirt and cleaned with
but little trouble.
THIS spring's fashions will make the
lining separate from the skirt.
From experience a: skirt so made
will not keep in shape nearly as
long aa when both lining and cloth are
made together. Have It fitted as closely
and carefully as a bodice. Of course, if
nature has made you for that style, all
right. A very good finish for the bottom
is shown this spring— a brush braid. It
cannot wear out, for it is woven like very
long-pile velvet and in the shape of a
cord.
A gown intended for wearing in an
office every day, rain or shine, is a me
dium-light shave of gray. The skirt is
quite tight, having two ruffles on the un
der eide of gray shot mohair, bound at
the bottom with gray velvet. The coat
ends in a belt at "the waist; Blouse in
front and tight, without seams in the
back. The cloth collar and belt of the
same gray cloth are covered at will by
adjustable ribbons, which brighten the
dress. To wear with it a plain little
! had some hesitancy about having his
■ son go into the grain trade because of
' the uncertainties of its speculative side,
: but he had no hesitancy about making
i of him a business man and not an idler.
A great many public men have their
sons holding office under them at Wash
ington, but most of these are poor men
| to whom the second government salary
|is an object. Senator Hanna's son is
| not one of these. He was trained to a
| business life. "Vice-President Hobarfs
j boy will be a lawyer, like his father.
I Ex-Senator Henderson of Missouri had
j his son study law after he had com
pleted the collegiate course at Harvard,
and he is ready to earn a living if nec
j essary, though he has not gone into
j practice very actively yet.
On the other hatid, Senator Hale, who
married the wealthy Miss Chandler, has
had his oldest son, Chandler Hale,
made secretary of legation at Rome;
and as diplomacy is not a profession
with us, his can hardly be called a se
rious calling. Ex-Senator Brice did not
bring his son up to business life, but
the son has gone into politics in New
York lately, and promises to be an ac
tive if not a useful figure in life. His
father began his career as a school
teacher, and knows the value of labor.
General Russell A. Alger, Secretary
of War, says it is a great misfortune
for a boy to have a rich father who will
not teach him to work.
HOW MRS. SOUTHWORTH
BEGAN
HER CAREER.
UP IN Sonoma County lives an in
teresting old lady of 70, who tells
the following story of the manner
in which Mrs. E. D. E. N. South-
worth, whose works, though not
of the highest order, have perhaps en-
Joyed a wider circulation than those of
almost any other American author, first
made her appearance before the public
in literature.
The family of Mrs. Southworth's hus
band were prominent people of the lit
tle mining town of Plattville, Wis.,
which at the time of her marriage was
but a Territory, and where the narra
tor of the story then resided. The fam
ily were also religiously inclined, and
when the rumor went abroad that the
wife of the favorite son and brother
had been an actress— in those days re
garded by people of their class as a so
cial pariah— they not only declined re
ceiving her as one of the family, but
even insisted that young Southworth
should leave the village and not further
disgrace them by flaunting in their
very faces his devotion to his actress
wife.
He had friends, however, in the vil
lage who did not approve of the stand
taken by his Immediate family, and
those friends, partly through good will
to the young man. and partly through
anticipated enjoyment of his pompous
relatives' discomfort, advanced money
to start him in business in a small way,
and this he invested in a tinner's shop,
to the horror and disgust of his people.
The young couple took up their resi
dence in a miner's los cabin containing
gray velvet hat, trimmed in harmonizing
shades of green, tan, yellow and fancy
colored liberty silks without wings or
feathers.
Two pairs of gray gloves, made to or
der, are expected to last out the dress.
Pockets in the new tight skirts are a
difficulty, for the plaits come together in
a fan at the top, leaving no place for the
Insertion of a pocket.
A nun's pocket, however, can be used,
and for the woman who is lost without a
pocket this will be a blessing.
A double square of cambric about 14 by
6 is sewn securely to a belt to be worn
around the waist under the corset. A
reticule in the pocket opening sufficiently
large to admit the hand comfortably is
faced securely. This pocket Is worn so
that it can be reached through an open
ing left in the back of the skirt and pre
vents dragging.
In purchasing the new gay colored
hosiery beware ot the poisonous dyes.
one room, and did their cooking over a
great fireplace, as was the custom on
the frontier in those primitive, early
days.
In time Mrs. Southworth became a
great favorite with the young people
of the village, and her cabin was a re
sort for the school girls, who, attracted
by her bright, winning manners and
witty sayings, flocked about her and
considered it a privilege to assist with
or entirely take up her neglected house
hold duties for the sake of hearing her
chatter; for, as a girl once remarked of
her, "What Mrs. Southworth says
never sounds like the remarks of any
one else," and great was their regret
when the adverse influence of her hus
band's relatives finally prevailed with
him and circumstances made it neces
sary for her to leave the West.
One of these then girlish admirers,
who is still living, described the au
thoress' habit of fitting when alone be
fore the great, open fireplace, among
the neglected pots and pans of the
hearth and mechanically and inces
santly tapping her foot, as she medi
tated for hours.
The open contempt with which her
husband's relatives treated her and her
own apparent quiet submission, won
for her the sympathy of the com
munity. Whether this spurred her on
to ease her mind through the medium
of a witty and pointed article, in which
each member of the family appeared
to great disadvantage, is not known,
but such an article was penned by her.
The husband of an aggressive sister
in-law, a Mr. Roundtree. was designat
ed by the non-disguising title of Mr.
Longtree, and his little weaknesses
were so vividly depicted that even
without appellation he wa-i easily rec
ognized.
Another even more vindictive rela
If you find any green wears off or any
yellow, remember that those colors are
made by the use of arsenic and enough
may be easily absorbed through the feet
to cause poisoning. The feet perspire
more or less and so become one of the
most susceptible portions of the body.
The short French corset is worn en
tirely, and for comfort far surpasses the
old-fashioned long ones. Very good ones
come for $1.
The summer sailor hat has a straight
brim and a straight crown. If your nose
is retrousse tins will accentuate it. Get
a good hat of the straight style, take to
a man's hatter's and get him to put a
curve in the crown and also in the brim.
It will be much more becoming. If you
can, wear the hat very well forward and
just a bit to one side. To a sweet Ma
donna face this gives a most ludicrously
rakish air, but wit.* some faces it is most
charming. Stj .es will be very trying to
most women, but the stout ones will be
happy and have full revenge for the wide
skirts and short coats which have been
worn so long.
The small Bicevefl will be a delight to
stout ones, for being large already it was
a torture in a crowd to have otner people
quite "in the shadow of her sleeves."
The trimmings of every sort give the
sloping shoulder effect ami are infinitely
more artistic than the late styles.
THE EASTER GIRL WILL DRESS LIKE THIS.
tive, the symmetry of whose nose was
marred by a great wart, was given a
name suggestive of this affliction and
also placed on file with those held up
to the public eye as* person of faults
and foibles. Not one of the number
who had mercilessly persecuted her
was spared; yet the scoring was done
in such an artistic way that the allu
sions seemed almost accidental, and
gave no suggestion of malicious
thrusts.
The little town supported a weekly
paper, but the editor would never have
dared offend such powerful patrons as
the Southworths" relatives. He de
clined to publish it. A zealous friend
to whom the effusion was shown liked
it so much that on one of his trips to
Illinois he offered it to another paper,
and the article was gladly published.
It so touched the public sense of hu
mor that it was copied far and near,
and gave the indignant young wife a
proper sense of her abilities. The ed
itor of the New York Ledger was so de
lighted with the skit that he promptly
wrote to Mrs. Southworth and offered
to pay her for a story. So the young
wife started on her career as an au
thoress.
It is doubtful if any of the widely
read stories which she penned in after
years brought her a feeling of greater
satisfaction than this sketch of family
peculiarities, published in a little coun
try sheet.
A coasting steamer was wrecked near
Sydney. The captain tied life-lines to
some pigs which former part of the
cargo. These on being thrown over
board quickly swam ashore, taking the
lines with them. Communication being
thus established, every person on board
was rescued.
SHE TRAVELS WITH
A COURIER VALET
NOTION OF AN AMERICAN GIRL WHO WANTS A MAN
TO LOOK AFTER HER LUGGAGE AND MAKE HIM
SELF GENERALLY USEFUL.
MISS L. B. FREEMAN, a young
American woman, now stay
ing at the Cambridge Hotel,
in New York, has brought
to this country with her
a man servant whom she
she calls a courier - yalet, and who
is part of her establishment in
Paris, where she makes her home. The
young fellow is a sturdy German boy,
just learning to speak English, and a
being who can do more things than a
juggler and has more of the virtues
of service than any article in the ad
vertising placards of the elevated train.
Having this sort of a general all
around man of work has lifted a load
of carking care from Miss Freeman's
shoulders, who no longer has to go
through the awful crisis of seeing her
self and a person in cap and flying rib
bons left in stations while trains pull
out and porters gesticulate and the
world turns generally upside down. The
intricacies of a thousand and one things
hitherto sacred to the "maid" have
been undertaken by this amazing crea
ture of hers, until traveling his lost
its horrors, and even luggage and pass
ports and duties have ceased to per
plex.
Even that imperturbable man, the ho
tel clerk, regards this "refreshing:
change" as a boon to hotel clerks
throughout the land, should it become
a custom in this country.
It is an innovation so brand, brand
new, that Miss Freeman's friends, after
their first surprise had worn off, came
to regard it as another originality of
this delightful woman, and to take It
along with her other matter-of-fect
traits. It is the very first "man ser
vant" in a like capacity that ever came
to America, or ever was found in this
habitat, though in France and England
the custom of having such a member
of your suite is not only generally ac
cepted and uncommented upon, but it
is considered a necessity.
"And why not?" says Miss Freeman
herself, in her own inimitable, honest
inquiry.
The "why not" in most cases might
be largely a question of finances, about
which this vouiiij woman does not hava
to worry. And assuredly you will want
one of these new luxuries when you
hear all the things this "garcon" can
do — anything: in fact from blacking a
boot to buying a skein of embroidery
silk.
Miss Freeman told me some of her
reasons for this new change of hers,
somewhat reluctantly it must be ad
mitted, for she dislikes notoriety, and
expressed the most genuine surprise
that her practical plan should have
been regarded as a freak or fad.
"How did I come to have a man in
stead of the time honored maid?" said
Miss Freeman.
"That is easy enough told — he is a
better servant — men make better ser
vants in the duties that this one has to
meet than the best maids that ever
were born. Why? Well, they — or
rather, he — can buy my tickets, run my
erfands, announce my carriage at re
ceptions, and see me to and from the
theater at night. No maid could do all
this.
"Why. not long ago while in Europe
I was trying to make a train, and if it
had not been for this man I would have
lost it, for the porters and guards had
finished their work and "All al>oard!'
was the word. My boy here just threw
those trunks on and off we went. Noth
ing easier. Where is the maid who
would have been even rational at such
a point? They lose their heads, you
know, and go to pieces at a — at the
very time when you need them the
most. As I said, if it had not been for
that boy I should either have had to
stay behind or have gone without my
lugeage.
"When it comes to the comparative
virtues of man and maid, do you not
see how it is?"
As for Miss Freeman, she can get
along without a maid.
"I can do up my own hair." she said,
and she looks as if she could do other
things that would put the novel-read
ing, maid-ridden woman to shame. The
pompadour of rather heavy, dark hair
only adds to the independent spirit
that shows out of the firm blue eyes,
and one can understand just why Miss
Freeman would prefer to adjust her
own coiffure — though "men," she re
marked, "always were the best hair
dressers."
I glance at the red-cheeked young
foreigner who hands in a card just
then, and the American servant sinks
to the dust in my estimation. But then
It is Miss Freeman's estimation we
want to hear about. Just so, and the
"man maid," with foreign politeness,
bows himself out of her presence and
she can resume.
"That boy can do anything everheard
of." she continued; "black my boots,
and button them if necessary. He runs
thirty errands a day sometimes. Does
wonders for me, and he begged me to
bring him along, to see America,
"He carries no^es, announces the car
riage, as I told you, and buys me things
as I need them— small articles, of
course. I told him I should hold him
responsible for every sou piece — he is
honesty itself, and I am the one to be
pleased, after all. if they do call this a
fad of mine. It is common sense, I say,
and — oh, I forgot, he cleans my palettes
and brushes— that is such miserable
work for a painter to do for herself.
"In Warsaw, Poland, in France and
England they have valets," said Miss
Freeman, "and it is such a common
thing that no one ever pays any atten
tion to it and no one ever Comments
on it. It is queer how they do in this
country— they will go over to France
and go into all sorts of things a
Frenchman never thinks of doing or
seeing, and come back and tell how
dreadful it all is over there — and then
they never can take an innovation with
composure"
And then this "boy" of twenty or
thereabouts appears and the possibili
ties of him as errand runner and care
taker cover him with a sort of nim
bus of glory, and the American
woman's trials with her so-called ser
vants come to mind. The American
woman generally runs her own errands,
does her own little odd pieces of work,
and yet calls herself "advanced."
"Oh, but I have not told his chief
virtue," added this independent woman,
hastily. "He can mend and sew very
well — little things of course — but saves
me a great deal of troublo."
And every bachelor girl in the land
is expected to promptly faint at this
last alluring summing up of this va
let's qualities — every muddy skirted
one, especially — and when they "corrie
to" they are supposed to be seized In
the instant with undyiner envy, which
they have probably not altogether out
grown along with th^-ir snuffing off the
"yoke" in other respects.
Miss Freeman Is only visiting her
native land — she was born in New
York City — and is soon to return to
Paris and her work there.
THE WORLD'S GOLD OTTPT'T.
The recently published fig Tires prepared
by the Director of the Mint, showing- the
world's recent output of pold. are worth
studying. It is estimated that the total
g-old product of all countries for the year
1896 was $205,000,000.
For the year 1?97 it is predicted that
the aggregate output will be $240,000,000.
and the opinion is ventured that three
years hence the annual production will
have increased to $300,000,000. That would
mean a more than doubling of the year
ly production of gold within a period of
SHE WILL WEAR BLOOMERS INSTEAD Of
PETTICOATS.
ten years — an economic fact of profound
significance, bearing- directly upon the
question of the world's currency.
Mr. - Preston, . whose figures we have
been quoting, .makes, the following, esti
, mate of the comparative output of • the
gold fields of seven different countries
for the last year and this year.
&PBBOK&SM 1896. 1897.
United States . $53,000,000 . $60,000,000
Australia ...... 46.250.000 52.550,000
South Africa... ". , 44,000,000 56.000,000
Russia 22,000,000 25,000,000
Mexico yr.~n^7.T.r. 7.000,000 9,000,000
British India 5,8C0,0C0. • 7,000,000
Canada .. 2,600,000 10,000,000
'•-. The United * States \ still leads, although
South : Africa : and Australia • follow .1 close
.ly :; after. iv; The » altered position •; of ' Can
ada Is due of course to '- the production of
the KJondlk«.__:^___^_^ _______
2728
TEACHERS AND SCHOOLS.
Some two years ago there appeared in
The Call an account of the organization
of Bands of Mercy in the various classes
of the Jefferson School. The report of
these cluba and the groat good they ac
complished in doing away with fighting
to a large extent, discouraging the abuse
of Chinamen, and abolishing cruelty to ,
animals was published far and wide, for
the Massachusetts Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals ordered
20000 copies of the article and sent them
: dcast over the country. This society
■ rganized more than 30,000 Bands of I
Mercy and caused the circulation of over
two million copies of "Black Beauty," to
cay nothing of the vast mass of its other
humane publications.
The work in our public schools, judging
from the reports of the two principals,
Miss Murphy and Miss Hart, who have I
fostered it in the Jefferson, as well as I
the result of Silas A. White's earnest
t hampionship of the cause in the Spring ,
Valley Grammar School, proves that no
where else can the seeds of kindness and!
love toward animals be sown to greater j
than in the schoolroom.
So impressed was the veteran educator,
John Swett, by this sentiment, that dur- j
ing his superintendency he caused the i
principles of the movement, together I
with the following stanza, to be incor
porated in the old course of study:
He praycth best who loveth be^t
All things, both great and small.
For the dear God, who loveth us.
He made and loveth all.
On leaving the Jefferson School, Miss
Murphy organized Bands of Mercy in the
Le Conte Primary, but was transferred
v, the Irving Scott before her plans could
be fully perfected. However, she intends
to begin the work in the latter school as
soon as possible. Hut with the exception
of these there care no city schools which
contain such societies, although we read
in the new course of study adopted last
August. "The proper treatment of dumb
animals should be regarded and an ef
made to lead pupils to be humane
and considerate. • » • Organize Bands of
Mercy by having the children take this
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
Commandery Hall and the banquet hall
In Golden Gate Asylum have on many oc
casions been arranged in a most attract
ive manner, but it is doubtful if either
was ever more attractive than it was on
last Thursday night, the occasion of the
official visit by District Deputy Mrs. Dell
C. Snvage of I,ivermore to Golden Gate
Chapter. The arrangement of each, by
the willing- hands of the ladies of the
chapter, was on the suggestion of the
worthy matron. Miss Susie M. Willats. In
the east the American flag was tastefully
drooped over the. matron's chair; in front
of the station and to each side was a tall
column of evergreens which held hun
dreds of callas; at each point of the
f-tar was a tall piano lamp, the shade of
which corresponded with the color of the
point; the altar and the stations were
tastefully decorated with blossoms, and
on the organ loft balcony there was a
pretty festooning of the colors of the cen
tral star. The effect was one of the pret
tiest ever produced in that hall. In the
banquet hall there were five long tables
radiating from a common center in such
a manner as to represent the central star.
Each table representing a point was of
the color of one of the star points, and
the decoration corresponded with the
color, even to the napkins. In the center
there was a grand floral combination of
the five colors, while on each table there
wore flowers corresponding in color to the I
point on which they were placed. Then j
there was on each table a profusion of all i
the delicacies that go to make up a first
class collation. At the meeting there were
■it Past Grand Matrons Sarah Jennie
Mann, Eleanor Marie Owens, Augusta
Dunn Wilson, Past Grand Associate
Matrons Mary Sophronia Munns, Em
ma Perkins, Margret Belva Searles,
Past Grand Patron John Hatfleld Gray,
Past Grand Treasurers Mrs. Isabella Hub
bard and Mrs. Isidora Horton, Most
Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Mary E.
Partridge, Grand Patron Harrison D.
Uowe. Grand Secretary* Mrs. Kate M.
Willats, Grand Esther Mrs. Helen May
Patterson, Mrs. Lulu Blanchard, district
d.puty of District No. 11, past patrons I
a,nd matrons and matrons and patrons j
from the local chapters and those in Oak- I
land and Alameda. There were present i
ahout 250 persons. There were two initia- |
ttons and the work was done in a most
satisfactory manner. The worthy matron,
Ihe conductress and the associate con
ductress were attired' In white and the
young ladies representing the five points |
were appropriately dressed in the colors
of the point each represented. The ad- i
dresses that followed the work were well
received and the banquet it is needless to
say was enjoyed.
Unity Chapter at its last held meeting
Initiated three candidates and. elected five.
On the 85th inst. this chapter will cele
brate Its seventeenth anniversary, on
which occasion there will be a drama and
dancing. Refreshments will be served.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Pacific Lodge No. le6 will celebrate its j
twenty-ninth anniversary in Prospect
Hall, Odd Fellows' building, on Thursday j
evening next.
During the six weeks the Relief ;
Committee has attended to 130 cases.
The Odd Fellows' Library is almost a j
thing of the past. After the .st of April
It will be closed. The several lodges of ■
tne city, in spite of the many efforts
made, refused to support it.
Dr. Eli A- Kusel has been appointed |
resident physician of the home at ±ner
malito.
Garden City Lodge celebrated Its thir
tieth anniversary last Friday.
The lodge in Valle o will give an enter- j
tainment and reception on the 24th inst. j
An address will be delivered by \V. H.
JSarnt'S. P. C M.
It is expected that Pajaro Lodge will
exemplify the work before the Grand
Lodge in May.
THE REBEKAHS.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will give an en
tertainment to its friends to-morrow
evening In Welcome Hall.
Templar Rebekah Lodge at a recent
stated meeting had six initiations and re
ceived four applications.
The entertainment that was given on |
the 12th inst. by California, Templar, OH- j
ental. Amity. Loyal and Mission lodges ;
in the Odd Fellows' building, in behalf of j
the Orphans' Home in Gilro*- was a very
successful affair, and from the number of j
persons who crowded the hall quite a j
sum must have been realized. The lodges
named are in distr.ct 5, of which Mrs. I
Anna M. Durning is the district deputy j
prand master. The programme presented '
under the direction of a committ«e of
which R. C. Black was chairman in- i
eluded musical selections and vocal music !
contributed by Miss Davis, Miss Baldwin,
Mrs. ]go, Miss Powers, Miss C. Ma. eline i
Kuck Miss Julia Chandler and Miss Ad- i
die Ring, the Golden Gate and the Knlc- I
kf rlMjcker quartets. Grand Secretary i
George T. Shaw delivered an interesting
address. Dancing brought the evening j
to a close.
Next Saturday evening California |
pledge: 'I will try to be kind to all liv
ing creatures, and will try to protect them
from cruel usage.' "
This, together with the talks of the
teachers, is very good as far as it goes.
but. unfortunately, a book which really
belongs to the grown-ups and is not at
all suitable for text-book use was placed
in the hands of the pupils. Vor this rea
son, and because, as Mr. White expressed
it, arithmetic, grammar, etc.. have re
quired so much more attention this year,
the bands -have not been generally es
tablished In the schools, and interest in
the movement has rather flagged, which
is indeed a pity.
Some may argue that the talks given by
the teachers on kindness to animals may
serve quite the same purpose as the or
ganization of Bands of Mercy, but with
this I cannot agree. If John Smith is a
vicious boy. given to constant pummeling
and fighting, never able to look at a cat
without thinking of a stone, his teacher's
talks on the love he should have for ani
mals and his duty toward them may do
some good., but how much? On the other
hand, John Smith, sitting either as a lis
tener or as president of a Band of Mercy
on Friday afternoon, when the children
have their songs and recitations about an
imals and pets, and relate incidents of
kindness, or brutality overcome in their
own experiences— this John Smith. I say,
will soon prove a very different boy. That
is, judging from reports of personal ob
servation of the work among children.
That the imaginary instance cited is by
no means an unusual or extreme case of
brutality. I might call upon many teach
ers in various parts of the city to verify.
Let us then have more Bands of Mercy
In our schools.
I AN ORIGINAL SCHOOL EXERCISE.
The following account of an interesting
: attempt at myth-making is taken from
\ the last number of the Western Journal
; of Educaion:
"A certain eighth grade school room in
Oakland faces the bay and Tamalpais.
! Every one living on this side is familiar
; with the gigantic form of a woman lying
Lodge will give another party, and on
that occasion there will be a grab bag in
Welcome Hall.
Last week thirty members of Oriental
Lodge paid a surprise visit to 1611 Turk
street, the residence of the noble grand,
Mrs. Abbie Ewing. Each visitor brought
a basket of good things, and a most
pleasant evening was spent.
At the meeting of t.ie board of trustees
of the home at Gilroy last week the ap
plications in behalf of several children fur
admission were acted on favorably.
THE N.ATIVK SONS.
Grand Marshal Dunbar officially visit
ed Sea Point Parlor at Sausalito and
Menlo Parlor at Menlo Park last week.
He found both in excellent condition
and progressive.
Stanford Parlor will hold a spirited
meeting on Tuesday, on which occasion
delegates will be selected from the very
best material to represent this influen
tial in the grand parlor.
Charles M. Cassin of Watsonville and
A. W. North of Winters will be candi
dates for grand trustee. R. D. Barton
of Sequoia Parlor wants to be grand
outside sentinel. He will have for oppo
nent L. G. Hagenkamp of Rincon
Parlor.
On the 30th California Parlor will
elect six delegates to the grand parlor.
This parlor gained $1865 in finance dur
ing the past year, and has now on hand
$14,461 and has a membership of 450.
During the past six months the parlor
afforded relief to members to the extent
of $671. The good of the order commit
tee is arranging for a grand high jinks
to be given on the 7th of Aprn.
Nevada City is making great arrange
ments for the reception of the delegates
to the grand parlor on the 25th of April.
Grand Trustee Joseph K. Hawkins
last Wednesday visited Orange Parlor;
on the following night he was with
Tracy Parlor. On Thursday he will visit
Point Arena Parlor, and on Saturday be
with Alder Glen Parlor at Fort Bragg.
The Lincoln Drill Corps has arranged
for a picnic at Sunset Park on the 17th
of April.
The Native Sons have secured a large
plat in Mount Olivet Cemetery, San Ma
teo County. In the center there will be
raised a grand monument, and an effort
is now being made to have the various
parlors secure subdivisions of the plat
and beautify the same. From sugges
tions that have been offered it is prob
able that this plat will be one of the
finest in that cemetery.
OUR NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The entertainment that is to be given
Alta Parlor in the large hall of the
Native Sons' building on the evening of
the 15th of April will be a historical one,
and will be followed by dancing.
At the close of a recent stated meeting
of La Estrella Parlor Miss Minnie Kleve
sahl, a member of the parlor, who was
the Queen of the. Jubilee, was approached
by about forty of the members, under tne
leadership of Miss Helen M. Kruse, and
informed that one of the number (Mrs.
Lillian Carlie) had something to say to
her. What she did say, in that flow of
eloquence for wnlcu she is noted, was
that the members, in grateful apprecia
tion of the honor Miss Klevesahl had
done the parlor by the manner in which
she sustained t- part of queen, had ae
cided to prepare a banquet, at which
she was to be the queen of the evening.
A procession was then formed to Caonl
lo Hall, where there was an unusually
fine spread on a table decorated by Miss
Edith Maunder, Mrs. A. Nichols, Mrs. L.
Carlie, Miss S. Asmus and Miss L. Mc-
Carty with a profusion of violets anu of
those yellow blossoms embler.atlc of the
State. There were a number of toasts,
the principal one being to "Our Queen."
The evening was one of the most pleasant
ever spent by this parlor.
The entertainment that was recently
given by Ramona Parlor at Martinet was
a very pleasant affair, and, in ..ddition
to a very neat programme, there wu a
banquet, when Miss Bertola, past grand
president, delivered a patriotic address
that was exceedingly well received.
The Jubilee committee has prp.«entf<]
to Miss Minnie Klevesahl of La Estrella
Parlor a beautiful photograph of Herself
in regal robes, as she appeared as Queen
of the Jubilee.
The officers of Fremont Parlor were
installed last week by Deputy Mrs. Theo
Lunstedt in that manner which has won
so many words of commendation in the
past for the installing officer. She was
assisted by Miss Mac B. AVllkins, Miss
Emma Dc-lwlg and Miss Edith Bryant.
Mr?. Daniels was on that night installed
as president for the third con?etoutive
term. The members of this parlor, who
of late have displayed unusual activity,
will during the month of April initiate
thirty candidates.
The members of the order all over the
State deeply sympathize with Grand
President Mrs. Belle W. Conrad in the
loss she has sustained by the death of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898,
asleep on the summit of Mount Tamal
pais. Myths are often the subject of dis
cussion or reference in this class, and one
day in an effort to make clear the defini
tion of a myth the teacher asked for sug
gestions in connection with this figure on
the ' mountain. Here are some of their
answers, which were given with scarcely
a moment's hesitation:
"1. A sleeping beauty.
"2. The wind and sun are her visitors.
She is to be the bride of the one who
awakens her. The fog is the spirits of
former worshipers.
"3. The waves sing at her feet. The
mountain is her bier.
"4. She is the bride of the sea.
"5. She is the guardian spirit of the
Indians. When she fell asleep the In
dians yielded to the white man. When
she awakens the Indians will rise and
claim the land.
"6. She is the guardian spirit of Cali
fornia and is sleeping but lightly; the
slightest rumor of war would rouse her
gigantic form to action.
"7. Shell Mound was an altar built for
her worship.
"S. She was picking flowers when she
was lulled to sleep by the singing waves.
She will sleep until the waves cease their
song.
"9 She is the Venus of the Pacific.
"E. E. G."
•* * .
Superintendent Margaret M. Mogeau
has Issued the circular given below.
To Teachers and Trustees of San Ber
nardino County: In accordance with sec
tion 1r.60 of the Political Code of the State
of California, I hereby call the County
Institute for the week beginning March
2S 1888, to convene at the San Bernardino
High School. The principal features of
the programme will be as follows:
TYPES OF PUPILS OF Th|E GRAMMAR SCHOOLS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Dr. W. W. Roblee will lecture on "De
formities of School Life." and will give a
suggestive outline of exercises for physi
cal culture; Dr. C. C. Van Liew will con
tinue the line of discussion he Introduced
her husband at the family home in
Sonora.
THE WORKMEN.
The entertainment given last Thurs
day night by Excelsior Lodge attracted
an audience that packed the hall. The
affair was a great success. There was
a most interesting address on Cuba by
W. H. Jordan, P. S. M. W..whoillustrat
ed his instructive talk with stereopticon
views. Sam Booth, G. R., recited a
unique poem, and William Henry
Barnes, P. G. M. W., delivered an ad
dress and told a number of amusing an
ecdotes.
Crocker Lodge will give an entertain
ment in Mission Parlor Hall on the 14th
of April.
Unity Lodge will celebrate its Wen- ,
tieth anniversary in B. B. Hall on the !
6th of April, and all the delegates to the
Grand Lodge have been invited.
The several drill teams will compete
on the evening of the 6th of April for a
prize offered by the grand master work
man.
Oak Leaf will give another of its de
ligntful entertainments to-morrow night.
The grand master workman expects to
attend an entertainment to be given on
the 29th inst. by Visalia Lodge. Last
Tuesday he was with Eureka Lodge at
St. Helena, and the following night he
was with Fortuna Lodge at'Napa. On
each of these occasions the team of
Napa conferred the degrees.
A public meeting of Mill Valley Lodge
v. ill be b(r\t\ to-morrow evening. wncnW.
H. Barnes, P. G. M. W., and Sam Booth,
G. R.. will entertain.
Last Wednesday the Pacific drill team
initiated seven candidates for Heart of
Oaks Lodge.
Reports from the deputies show that
considerable work is being done in the
interior.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Unity Lodge No. 17 was reorganized at
Grass Valley last Monday by Mrs. Luella
Whiting, P. C of H., of Nevada City
Lodge. The degree was conferred by the
officers of Nevada City Lodge, and after
the work, which was performed in the
presence of a large number of persons,
there was a pleasant social hour. Mrs.
Sarah Morrish is the P. C. of H., Mrs.
Mary Snyder C. of H and Mrs. Sarah
Mullln recorder, of the reorganized
lodge.
Mesdames Wood. Oakes, Ingler, Po
land, Cogan, Hodges and Parkinson have
been appointed by Ivy Lodge No. 4 to
arrange for the entertainment of the del
egates to the Grand Lodge.
Last Thursday a new lodge was Insti
tuted by Mrs. E. M. Grossman at Los
Banos, and one at Los Angeles by Mrs.
Masters, G. C. of H.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
At a special meeting of San Francisco
Chapter last Monday night two candi
dates were initiated, ai:d it was an
nounced that several more would be In
itiated at the next meeting. It is expected
that there will be eight to take the de
gree. At that meeting there will be a
surprise for the members.
The reports of this order show increas
ing prosperity. At the close of last year
the net assets were $173,079 and no benefit
claims unpaid or due. In March, 1890, the
receipts were $325, and in December last
they amounted to $9Sl!>. The new busi
ness of the guild in the paat year, the
largest in its history, was a little over
two and a half million dollars. The Fra
ternal Monitor of New York, in a recent
article, pays a highly flattering tribute to
the worth of S. Ojleskl, the supreme sec
retary of the order, denominating him "a
man of strong convictions, an earnest
and untiring worker, who has left his im
press on the affairs of this order, knitting
them so strongly that to-day it is ranked
among the strongest fraternal organiza
tions in this country."
THE NATIONAL, UNION.
The San Francisco Cabinet held a meet
ing last Monday night at which plans
for the entertainment to be given by the
order under the auspices of the Cabinet
in Metropolitan Hall on the evening of
May 11 were perfected.
At the meeting of California Council
last Tuesday night there was initiated one
candidate, and under the head of good
and welfare there were a number of
addresses on the subject of having at
tractive programmes every meeting for
the purpose of making the hall a place
at which to spend a pleasant evening on
such nights. A surprise was promised for
all who will be present at the next meet
ing.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Defiance grave Its annual social
In Alcazar Social Hall last Tuesday night,
and so crowded was the hall that there
■was a crush of dancers on the floor. That,
however, was a flattering proof of the
popularity, of this court. The hall was
neatly decorated with flags, bunting and
butterflies, and every one present wore.
In i>roof of loyalty to the country, a
small American flag. The committee of
arrangements, consisting of W. O. Ford
(floor director) John Lackman, G. W.
Terry, A. Wasch, A. Coleman E. Simp
kins. S. Graff and T. Murphy, in addition
to music and dancing, provided an ex
cellent collation for members and guests.
During the evening State Senator E. I.
Wolfe delivered a stirring address on
at the last association meeting, treating
It with reference to the subjects taught, j
The main theme w. . be: "Training for
Citizenship and Community Life ■ (a)
"Talks on the Teaching of Literature and
History," (b) "Talks on the Teaching of
Geography." Ea.-h talk will be followed |
by a free" discussion of the points em- |
phasized. Professor Sanford of Stanford
University will discuss "A Course of i
Scientific ' Study for Primary Grades."
State Superintendent Black will be
present on Tuesday, and Dr. Jordan will
lecture Monday afternoon in the assem- |
bly hall of the' High School and Tuesday ,
night in the opera-house. Fred Emerson
Brooks will instruct the teachers on the
subject of "National Elocution" on Tues- ,
day. Miss Frances W. Lewis will give a j
talk or paper on "Grammar in the ;
Grades," to be followed by a discussion.
The programme for Wednesday will be
arranged by Professor Thomas P. Bailey, j
who will conduct the institute that day.
He will be assisted by E. H. Benson of
Berkeley, and by the teachers of the j
county. Harr Wagner has promised to be j
present some time during the institute to j
give his new lecture, "The Sixth Sense in i
Education." On Monday night at the
High School there will be a reunion of j
teachers and their friends. F. E. Brooks, ;
the California poet humorist, will furnish ]
his artistic services.
On Wednesday afternoon the institute
will adjourn to m<et with the Southern :
California Teachers' Association at Los !
Angeles. Teachers are requested to bring j
specimens of school work in all the vari
ous lines. Miss Edith Parrlsh, chairman ;
of the exhibit committee, will receive all I
papers. Miss Ada Miller is chairman of •
the music committee.
MARGARET M. MOGEAU,
County Superintendent of Schools.
• * •
At the last meeting in February the
State Board of Education went into exec
utive session to consider the matter of se- I
lecting an official educational journal, and |
when the doors were again thrown open ;
it was announced that the Overland \
Monthly will, after the issuance of the |
March edition, cease to be the official or- i
the order, and at its conclusion, on behalf
of the court, presented Abe ColemflJi, its
former treasurer. ;i fine solitaire diamond
ring, in appreciation of his services while
in that office.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
All the arrangements have been com
pleted for the social to he given on the
29th inst. in Social Alcazar Hall by the
Convention of "PS.
Golden Era Circle on last Thursday
night elected Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ec
delegate to the grand circle, and Emil
Kahn alternate.
During the past week the grand chief
companion, Mrs. Emma Harrington,
paid official visits to circles In San Jose
and Watsonville. During her visit she
visited Angels Camp, where she insti
tuted Manzani:a Circle with twenty-five
charter memlers, being assisted in the
work of A. I. Shuer, 1). G. C. C, Mrs.
Vaccarezza. chief companion. Mrs. Bur
ton, sub-chief, and Mr. Will, recording
secretary of Mother Lode Circle. There
was a grand banquet. The circle in San
Jose was found sadly in need of Instruc
tion, which was given, but at Watson
ville the work was very well done. Af
ter the work there was a ball and ban
quet, and the Misses Rogge and Mrs.
Foster, tho reception committee, did all
In thiir }>>\\- r to make the affair a suc
cess.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
At the close of the last stated meeting
of Martha Lodge the past prottjctors
were Invited to a banquet that had been
prepared in their honor. There were
covers for 100, and the supper, which in
cluded many of the delicacies of the sea
son, was prepared by the lady members
of the lodge, :tn d it was relished by all.
Toasts were offered and responded to by
Past Protectory G. Widder, Charles
Hahn, H. Friedlander, A. Gompertz and
Mesdamcp M. Widder, B. Oppenheimer,
K. HachmtiHter, E. Pease and A. Graff.
The grand officers will visit Aurora
Lodge to-morrow night, and in honor of
the visit a fine programme will be pre
sented after the work of the official visit
is over.
The eleventh session of the Grand
Lodge will commence on the 19th of
April.
At the last held stated meeting of
Terba Huena Lodge of San Jose one
candidate was initiated and two
strangers applied for admission. W. F.
Hollinger, J. E. O'Connor and Mrs. D. J.
Gairaud were appointed to solicit for a
ball to be given in spring.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
On Tuesday evening the gTand officers
will pay a visit to Empire Council.
The next visit of the Progressive Coun
cil will be to the hall of Washington
Council on tho night of the 23d of AprlL
Angels Council of Angels and Evelina
Council of ('hico each at recent meeting*
initiated two candidates.
Pacific Council held an enthusiastic and
enjoyable meeting last Friday. There
were present a great many of the good
old members, who with younger ones en
livened the meeting under the head of
good and welfare of the order with
speeches and songs. Propositions for
membership were presented and these
will be acted on at the next meeting.
There will also be presented special fea
tures of entertainment.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
The smokor and increase meeting that
was glvon last Monday evening by Yerba
Buena Lodge was one of the most pleas
ant and enthusiastic ever given by this
lodge. There wa-« a large attendance and
in addition to smoke, the lodge furnished
the members and the guests a fine spread
and refreshments. Dictator McPherson
presided and presented a good programme
of ent.-rtatnmont. Grand Reporter Thom
as Johnstone delivered a clear, convinc-
I ing address, which had much to do with
I inducing twenty of the strangers present
to apply for membership. Joseph Mos
croft entertained with a recitation, Harry
Neiman sang ballads. Samuel Thomas
also vocalized and there were others.
Last Tuesday the Past Dictators' Asso
ciation in a body visited Union Lodge, lis
tened to a number of addresses and wit
i nessed one initiation. There was also a
j good programme of song and story tell-
ing.
Prescott Lodge was visited last Wednes
day by Grand Vice-Dictator Thomson,
who conferred the degree on one candi
date and delivered an address. This lodge
is doing well of late.
Ben I. Solomon will give a reading in
the ..all of Liberty Lodge to-morrow
night. Eureka Lodge is getting ready to
give a smoker. The grand dictator is
visiting the interior.
Anchor Lodge had a pleasant meeting
last Monday night in Washington Hall,
and for the entertainment of the many
who responded to invitations to be pres
ent there was presented a programme of
music. vocal and instrumental. ad
dresses, recitations and stories. Dr. H.
M. Beck, who presided, delivered an in
teresting address, and Grand Assistant
Dictator Thomas Lamed delivered a logi
cal address on the order. Those who took
part in the programme were Messrs.
Hartwell, Klpps. J. Paternell. Corbett,
Lawrence and Hathwell. Seven of the
1 gan of the State Educational Department,
! and that beginning with the April number
the Western Journal of Education will be
the official journal until April, 1899.
The following resolution was also
: adopted: Resolved, That it is the sense
I of this board that the section of the Po-
I litical Code requiring the designation of
! an official organ of the Department of
l Public Instruction should be repealed, and
I that the Superintendent of Public In
struction and the president of the State
Hoard of Education be requested to rec
ommend to the Legislature the repeal
' of the said provision.
Harr Wagner, the editor of the Western
Journal of Education, is a native of Penn
sylvania, and began teaching at the age
;of 17. In ISSI he graduated from the
i classical course of the College of Witten
! berg, and on coming to California a year
' later he purchased the old Golden Era
I Magazine, securing as assistant editors
i Joaquin Miller. Madge Morris and Ella
j Sterling Cummins. In ISB7 Mr. Wagner
i removed to Ran Diego, where he became
! founder of the San Diego College of Let
ters, taught English for three years, and
j started the agitation which finally re
: suited in converting this College of Let
: ters into a normal school.
From IR9O to 1595 Mr. Wagner held the
| office of County Superintendent, and dur
i ing this time he started the Arbor day
| movement in the public schools, which
; has since spread to other parts of the
j State, and secured the appointment of a
: day for school trustees' meetings and one
j for local teachers' institutes, which have
i met with much success.
Since this date Mr. Wagner has been
I occupied in lecturing for institutes and
writing textbooks. The well-known West
ern series of readers, 10,000 copies of which
have been sold, are products of his pen.
In 1897 Editor Wngner, in company with
Joaquln Miller, made a lecturing tour of
the Pacific Coast and of the Southern and
Eastern States.
Two years ago the Whitaker-Ray Com-
I pany started the Western Journal of
j Education and secured Harr Wagner as
! editor and manager, which position he
j has ever since held. With a strong, vigor-
I ous Intellect, both as writer and speaker,
ITarr Wagnpr has by his energetic and
sagacious directorship placed the Western
Journal in the foremost rank of our edu
cational magazines.
* * *
At the meeting of the California State
Teachers' Association, held in this city
strangers present filed applications to be
come members of the lodge.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
At the recent meeting of Althomas
Tribe tht<re were present the follow
ing members of Tecumseh Tribe:
Past Sachems A. Arriola, W. B.
Soule, F. Lopizich, H. Yon der Heidt and
\V. Pope. Aiso the following named from
Pawnee Tribe: Past Sachems Stewart,
Keegan, Rew, Chandler and Robinson,
Sachem J. Buttery, Junior Sagamore A.
C Toye, Chief of Records John BeU, and
Messrs. Burge, Beyma, bahmer, Hudson,
Man, Harris, McCarthy and C L. Heiiii.
The meeting of the members of the three
tribes was a very pleasant one.
There was a large attendance at the
meeting in the wigwam of Matoka Coun
cil last week. Tnere was an adoption
and one application was received.
Among the visitors were Great Pocahon
tas Mrs. G. W. Lovie, Past Great Poca
hontas Miss Mabel Curtis, Great Guard
of the Forest Mrs. Annie E. Bishop,
Great Chief of Records C. F. Burgman,
and visitors from Alfarata, Pocahontas
and Yosemite councils.
Last Friday evening Great Pocahontas
Mis. Lovie. la.st Great Pocahontaa Miss
Curtis, Great Chief of Recorus Burgman
and members of Pawnee Tribe visited
Yosemite Council in Alameda. to witness
the exemplification of the new degree.
Modoc Tribe last Thursday adopted four
palefaces and received a Red Man by
card.
Last week Osceola, Montezuma and
Sotoyome tribes gave excellent proof of
their ability to master the new degree
work.
At the first meeting under the new rit
ual of Ceanotha Council of Grass Valley
there was a large attendance, and me
new work, which is much more dramatic
than the old, was well received. During
the evening Edwin Nettle, past sachem
of WiMmer Tribe of the same place, was,
by Mrs. Edna Twitchell, on behalf of the
council, presented with a beautiful watch
charm, in appreciation of his services to
the council, being always ready to aQvise
the members.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
The committee on Grand Council work
announces that the increase of member
ship is progressing steadily and that with
a little aid on the part of each member
California will be entitled to a Grand
Council and representation at the meet
ing of the supreme body.
Golden West Council, at its last held
meeting, initiated one candidate and re
ceived an application. This council has
under consideration the observance in an
appropriate manner of Arcanum day.
This will be discussed at the next meet
ing, and there will also be brought up
a proposition for a card party and social.
The subject of joint meetings will also
come up for discussion.
Sunset and Los Angeles councils of
Los Angeles have issued a stirring appeal
calling upon each member to exert him
self to help raise the membership In this
State to luOO, so that California may be
entitled to a grand council.
Within the past few weeks Fresno
Council received 22, Los Angeles Council
f>o and Sunset Council of Los Angeles 11
applications for membership. At its last
held meeting the eleven applicants were
admitted into membership by founset
Council. A new council will be instituted
in a few days at Riverside, with fifty of
the prominent citizens of that place. Ar
gonaut Council of this city initiated two
candidates at its last held meeting, and
received an application.
Supreme Warden Parriah is still labor
ing in the southern part of the State with
good results.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Since the Ist inst. considerable work has
been done in this order. A new camp
with thirty-two members was instituted
at Covina by Special Deputy Lyman of
Azusa, the Azusa team conferring the
protection degree. Deputies Blood and
Moody instituted a camp at Fulton, So
noma County; a new camp was organized
at Fruitvale. and a camp was instituted
at Alvarado. There are now seventeen
camps in Alameda County.
Arrangements are being made to run a
special train to South San Francisco on
the occasion of the installation of the
camp recently organized there.
To-morrow evening Golden Gate Camp
of this city will entertain the members of
Oakland Camp, and there will be an old
time camp blaze and log-rolling. This
camp, at its last held meeting, initiated
ten candidates and acted on four peti
tions. The membership is now 746, with
ninety applications on hand.
General Organizer George K. Rodgers
will shortly institute two new camps in
this city, and Organizer M. B. Estes will
institute a camp with sixty members.
Mission Camp received twenty applica
tions during the current month.
WOODMEN'S FRIENDSHIP CLUB.
The- Woodmen's Friendship Club, a sick
benefit organization, to which all Wood
men are eligible, gave a great smoker last
week at which the following programme
was presented: Piano solo, Professor
Welsel; comic songs and specialties. Will
iam Debols; selections on the autoharp.
Louis Klein; stereopticon views and reci
tation, Mr. Jennings; address on wood
craft and fraternity, D. Oliver Jr.; ac
cordion solo. Professor Miller; address on
the order. Special Organizer Dr. M. B.
Estes. During the evening the club re
ceived nine applications.
I last December, there was organized an
association of the State Teachers of His
tory. The purpose, as expressed in the
brief constitution adopted by the mem
bers, is "to promote the study and teach-
I Ing of history." Back of the thus broadly
! stated purpose are specific plans; the
j three most prominent are: To assist sec
i ondary schools in the selection of a well-
I chosen, working historical library; to ad
vance along definite lines the study of
i local history; to assist teachers in second
ary and grammar schools to a use of ori
ginal sources in their classes. The asso
ciation elected an advisory board of five
members, in which is vested the executive
I power. This advisory board consists of
; Professor Bernard Moses, of the State
i University, president: Professor Arley B.
i Show of the history department, Stanford
! University, vice-president; Mrs. R. F.
Winterburn. supervisor of. history in
' Stockton, secretary; E. M. Cox, Superin
j tendent of Schools, Santa Rosa, and Miss
i Genevra Sisson of Palo Alto.
At the first meeting of the advisory
! board, held very soon after the formation
j of the association, it was decided to pub-
I lish a leaflet containing the constitution
and a statement of the plans of the asso
ciation. It is intended that this leaflet
shall be the first in a series publishing the
results obtained by the association from
its various lines of development and re
search. It is hoped that all earnest his
tory teachers of California will become
members of this association, so that our
State may soon feel the results of com
bined efforts for the promotion of the
study of history— a subject whose power
ful Influence can hardly be overestimated
in the formation of character of the man
and of the citizen.
• • •
Preparations for the next meeting of the
Southern California Teachers' Associa
tion, to be held at Los Angeles March 31
and April 1 and 2. are progressing rapidly
and everything Indicates a large and one
of the best meetings in the history of the
association. Many prominent educational
people have signified their willingness to
come. The leading hotels of Los Angeles
will make liberal reductions in their rates
and will furnish headquarters for coun
ties and cities without extra expense. The
railroads will givp reudced jtites from all
points in the State. For information con- i
cerninp rates inquire of G. H. Chilcote, |
transportation secretary. 874 Pasadena j
I avenue, Los Angeles, Cal.
All who enroll as members of the asso
ciation are entitled to these reductions
and to admission to the lectures provided !
WHIST
WELCOME TO A GREAT WHIST PLAYER.
Every whist player In San Francisco h.illed
with delight the announcement of his coming,
and now he ts here, an<l we extend both arms
to receive and give both hands of Milton C.
Work a warm grasp In welcoming him to the
metropolis of the Pacific Coast.
Our distinguished guest is a prominent attor
ney at Jaw of Philadelphia, well oft In «this
world's goods, and loves whist, aa wf love it,
for Kb own sake. He looks upon the game as
the greatest of all intellectual pastimes.
He stands in the front rank of whist players
—there are none better, and very few his equal.
He is one of the Hamilton Club team who for
the tirst time in the history of the game won
the American Whist League challenge trophy
twenty times, ami by so doing makes it tne
club's permanent property.
For several years Mr. Work has be«n one
of the most prominent whist writers in Amer
ica, and for three years edited a daily whist
column in one of the Philadelphia papers, a
Herculean task, and strange to say never
wrote a line of whist l'ur publication during
business hours.
Ther<» is no player living that Is better known
in whist circles than this great champion. One
of the greatest departures that was ever made
in whist was when Mr. Work presented to the
whist world his "Whist of To-day." that has
gained for him a world-wide reputation. Thi9
work was a revelation to whist writers and
players. An old saying of "Cavendish": "It
won't do to put it into the books." Work
thought differently, and the whist players of
this country were glad to see one man at least
with the courage of his convictions.
Mr. Work was the guest of honor at the
Trist Duplicate Whist Club Thursday evening,
and the Linda Vista Club of Oakland Friday
evening at the home of ex-President R. U.
Calley. To-morrow evening he will be the
guest of President G. M. Murph- at the San
Francisco Whist Club, and Tuesday he will be
lunched at the Bohemian Club by President
James A. Thompson of the Mill Valley Whist
Mr! Work is accompanied in his travels by
his charming little wife and father. Mrs.
Work is a great lover of the game and one of
the leading members of the Trist Club of
Philadelphia. Mr. Work Sr. is one of the pillars
of the old Hamilton Club, and loves whist next
to his devotions. He came to California six
weeks ago broken down in health, and he
«ays almost a miracle has been performed in
his case. In a very pleasant interview he told
us no human being could realize what a won
derful effect the climate of Southern California
"if the^stay of Mr. Work and his family is
not one round of pleasure it won't be the fault
of their new-found friends, and we sincerely
hope that their next visit to the Golden State
will not be caused by sickness.
INTERCLUB PLAY AT THE TRIST.
The third round of the interclub play was
held in the rooms of the Trist Duplicate Whist
Club Thursday evening last.
Mrs. Fredericks of the whist committee de
serves great credit for the manner In which
the match was arranged and conducted, for
everything was done under her immediate
supervision.
Milton C. Work, the great expert from Phila
delphia, was the guest of honor, and played
in a team for the Trist with George E. Bates.
H. C. Richards and JonatHan Curtis as co
partners. The evening was most enjoyable.
The result of the contest was as follows:
Standing. Matches. Tricks.
Linda Vista 1 ? v i + 10
Alameda No. 2 2 7*» + 4
Mill Valley 3 7^+3
Trist No. 3 4 7+6
Alameda No. 1 5 7 + 3
Trist No. 2 8 7+o
Golden Rod 6 7 + 0
San Francisco No. 1 6 7 + 0
Goldstone 7 6 + 8
Pickup 8 6+l
San Francisco No. 3 9 6 — 6
San Francisco No. 2.... 10 4V4 — 9
Trist No. 1 11 4^i — 11
Mission 12 3V4 — 11
The names of the members of the teams par
ticipating in this contest wore as follows:
Linda Vista— A. F. Coffin. Mrs. John D.
Eby. John P. Eby. Dr. E. L. Dow.
Alameda No. 2— Mrs. E. T. Henshaw. Mrs.
Henshaw. K. R. Sill. Mrs. E. R. Sill.
Mill Valley— Jameß A. Thompson, Arthur M.
Brown. T. H. Reynolds, J. G. Cox.
Trist No. 3— Milton C. Work, Jonathan Cur
tis. H. C. Richards, George E. Bates.
Alameda No. I— J. F. Halton, Miss Brown.
S. M. Haslett. Mrs. S. M. Haslett.
Trist No. 2— Z. K. Myers, Mrs. Daingerfield.
A. B. Woodward. B. F. MacLeod.
Golden Rod— Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Krebs, Mrs.
Bell, Mrs. Palmer.
San Francisco No. I— Dr. W. R. Lovegrove,
Mrs. Lovegrove, Mrs. George E. Gates, Miss
S. B. Jenkins.
Goldstone — Joseph Goldftone, Leo W. Gold-
Btone M. A. Goldstone. Henry Goldstone.
Pickup— R. H. Parkhurst. George M. Murphy,
Mr. Howard. Mr. Sturgeon.
San Francisco No. 3— Mrs. L. W. Moore, Mrs.
Keith Mrs. Lyser. Mrs. E. Washburn.
San Francisco No. 2— Miss Baldwin. Miss
Crowiey. Mrs. Schell. J. H. Harbour.
Trist" No. I— Mrs. Guptill, Mrs. A. B. Wood
ward Mrs. A. Fredericks. Mrs. Z. K. Myers.
Mission— A. L. Sobey. Mrs. H. L. Seager. H. ,
L. Seager. C. R. Robinson:
THE SECOND CONGRESS OF THE WOMAN'S |
WHIST LEAGUE.
Two years ago last December the writer of
these lines suggested to Miss Kate Wheelock.
who i 9 known by every lover of the game from
the Pacific to the Atlantic, that In his opinion
the time had come for action to be taken in
regard to the formation of a "Woman's Whist
League."
Urged on to this glgantlo work, she wouia
by the association.
'The following are a few of the many
subjects to be discussed: "The Brain in
Education." J. ML Greenwood, president
N K. A.. Kansas City. Mo.; "Training as
a Factor in Education," A. E. Winship,
editor N. E. Journal of Education. Bos
ton Mass.; "Nineteenth Century Poets,'
\V. H. Hudson. Stanford University, Cal.;
"Decorative and Industrial Art." Henry
T. Ardley. University of California; "The
Certification of Teachers," Samuel T.
Black. Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion: "Education for Culture," Edward A.
Ross, Stanford University: "American
History in the Public Schools," C. A.
Duniway. Stanford University; "Some
Difficulties in the Present Development of
the Common School Curriculum." C. C-
Van Liew. Los Angeles Normal School:
David Starr Jordan, president Stanford
University; Bernard Moses. University of
California; Martin Kellogg, president
University of California: Thomas F.
Bailey Jr.. University of California; J.
H. Hoose. University of Southern Cali
fornia; Julius Goebel, Stanford Uni
versity.
A new and interesting feature of thia
meeting will be the Afternoon Round Ta
ble sessions, of which there will be thir
teen, as follows:
Thursday afternoon. March 31— School
Supervision, C. L. Ennis, chairman; Rose
A. Hardenberg. secretary. Languages, A.
E. Baker, chairman; Mattie A. Reed, sec
retary. Art, H. T. Ardley, chairman: G.
H. Chilcote. secretary. History, Luclle
Eaves, chairman: M. A. Tucker, secre
tary. Kindergarten. Elsie Hasse. chair
man; Dora A. Haller, secretary. Science
(High School), L. B. A very, chairman; B.
W. Griffith, secretary. German, Julius
Goebel, chairman; Charlotte A- Knock,
secretary.
Friday afternoon, April I— Manual Train*
Ing, W. A. Edwards, chairman; Carolina
A 'Harris, secretary. English, Mary K.
Polk, chairman; Emily A. Clark, secre
tary. Music, J. A. Foshay, chairman; A.
D. Hunter, secretary. Mathematics, C. E.
Hutton, chairman; J. W. Henry, secre
tary. Child Study, T. P. Bailey Jr., chair
man; J. B. Moulux, secretary; Science
(grade), !■>. B. Avery, chairman; B. W.
Griffith, secretary.
The following are the officers of the as
sociation: J. P. Greeley, president, Santa
Ana; C. L. Ennis, first vice-president. Los
Angeles; Margaret M. Mogeau, second
vice-president, San Bernardino; J. B. Mil
lard, secretary. Los Angeles; C. T. Roop,
treasurer, Santa Barbara; G. H. Chilcote,
transportation secretary, Los Angeles.
consent to . undertake It.. providing she wai
given sufficient encouragement and good coun
cil. She • could get none of | the former from
New York, Boston. Providence, Philadelphia,
Brooklyn or Chicago, from those standing high
in whist circles among the men. We reluct
antly suggested to her to give up the idea for
the time. California stood alone on the propo
sition for women in whist. 'Bat what a change
has come over the spirit of their dreams since
then— these - same cities have swallowed the
j spinner,- leader,' line, tip. rod and reel. ■ In a
i little over a year from the time it was first
! broached, a Woman's : Whist League was
j launched by one of the ..most enthusiastic
i whisters of this country, a lady of indomita-
I ble will— Mrs. E. H. Andrews of Philadelphia,
i and was chosen its first president. Next month
will be the crucial test. The women will hold
! their second congress. Should the same thing
i happen this year .that happened last, th«
Woman's League will ring its own d^.»th
1 knell. From afar off. we sound a note of w.i n
) ing— our heart, is with the movement, * fi;ut
' everything must be done with clean hands.
It is to , be hoped that those -In authority
: will take the advice offered them by such
■ writers as the' Whist Editor of the Evening
; Post of New York and have a National
Woman's League and not a sectional - one —
| have the . "board of governors" control the
! affairs of the league and not any one or two
! individuals, no matter how competent.
Let the whist women of America know that
j the sun shines occasionally in other whist
i circles besides- a portion of Philadelphia, and
I when these ladies meet in the city of brotherly
love to take part in their whist contests, a Una
I of play should- be laid out for them and fol
lowed to the letter, and not changed to suit
Borne foolish notion, as was done last year
after the contests commenced.
The umpire or referee of each contest should
be chosen from outside of the — the reason
Is obvious. The announcement of the result
of each match should be put on the bulletin
board In every detail as quickly as possible
after the match is finished. . Thirty minutes
is plenty of time.
Every score made at a congress should be aa
open book after a contest Is over.
A quick announcement of " the result of a
match gives the players confidence and shows
there is no underhand wT>rk going to be prac
ticed—aa was openly charged at the first con«
gress. - r-.-V
We were In Brooklyn a few weeks ago when '
the president of the -Woman's Whist League
made the statement that ' the women would
show, the men how to run congresses. Cer
tainly -last year was not an example of It.
But let us wait and see. At the same time wo
wish them every success. . ~ ;;':Y"
I PLAY OLD-FASHIONED WHIST.
Those who have played whist for a number
|of years .have often heard the remark: "I
don't know anything about this new kind of
whist. I play the 'old-fashioned' game."
Some weeks ago we received a marked copy
of a Coast newspaper in which we read what
purported to be an : Interview with one of these
"old-fashioned whist players," as he was un
doubtedly proud to call himself. In this arti
cle he ridiculed the idea of acquiring a knowl
edge of • whist by the study and practice
method. This "old-fashioned player." as fine
a gentleman as you would want to meet, is c.
Judge, that is, we were introduced to him'a^
such. ■-■■: •..'-.*'•
How would It sound to his learned ears, or
to the ears of any learned barrister, for me to
say: "I practice law the "old-fashioned way'
but never studied it?" I Or to say to a skillful
surgeon or physician: "I practice surgery and
medicine the 'old-fashioned way —but never
studied it." Or to say to an educated clergy
man: "I preach the gospel the "old-fashioned -
way"— but never read the Bible. Or to hear
the . new master of an ocean steamer say:
"When I go to sea I will navigate my ship tne
'old-fashioned way"— but I never studied navi
gation or even the use of a sextant."
These remarks generally reflect discredit on
the maker. It is an acknowledgment of lgnor
i ance'on the subject they are talking about.
i ■ Whist, as it is played by the educated player,
is the same to-day that It was 150 years ago,
with a few slight variations of no great im
portance whatever. a teacher of whist from
Edmond Hoyle was a teacher of whist from
the years 1740 to about 17.-.>. During that time
! in the year 1742. he; wrote the first edition of
I his famous book ■on the game, and inside -of
ten years ten edition* were Printed , a " d n ?°, < hh a |.
If -I» should reprint the first edition of that
i book to-day, using new type and new style of
binding- and not change a single word as re-
Lards The instructions to whist players, from
cover to cover, and call It "Tormey-s Latest on
Whist." I don't believe there would be one
in a thousand that would recognize it.
'V whist student doesn't ever say he I. a
••new-fashioned'.' or "old-fashioned player."
i ThPro are a great many brilliant card players
: wandering around our whist clubs all over, the
! country groping in the dark with lots of
i natural card sense, that play at wmst with
considerable success In winning tricks and
rimes Their knowledge of the game is ac
niii-ed by playing by sight or pick, up method,
and if this class of players— l am sorry to say.
our city clubs have quite a number— could only
l«> 'induced to raise the .veil which years of
prejudice has kept close and tight around their
eves what a revelation it would he to them.
Hut to sit down and attempt to play ,the
came of whist as It should be played, without
any knowledge of it. is like visiting the great
i art galleries of Rome, Florence. Venice. Dres
: den or other places of Europe, or attempting. to
enjoy the -beautiful poem- "Comus" or the ode
"On the Morning of the -Nativity" without a
little knowledge of mythology. .:•" * k
;■ - , : .v * ...,„.. ■. .A.-^;-,iJr-'.
A company was incorporated at Santa
Barbara for the purpose of sinking oil
wells far out at sea, as experts claim
that the sea wells are the best pro
ducers and more economical. It Is be
lieved that oil can be delivered in Saa
Francisco for 14 cents a barrel.THE MYSTERIOUS
MRS. RYLEY AND THE IMPOSSIBLE
MR. BUGLE.
I am sorry that "The Mysterious Mr.
Bugle" turns out to be of so little ac
count. It completely knocks out the
brilliant sermon on the woman drama
tist which I had in mind for this Sab
bath with Madeline Lucette Ryley for
the timely text. I wonder if dramatists
are ever so -heritable to critics as to
confess that it is their work which de
termines the quality of criticism?
It is a comfortable reflection, any
way. The more new plays I see the
better am I reconciled to- my colleagues
and myself. The other day I read in
the New York Commercial Advertiser.
a newspaper of conspicuous reserve and
reliability a speech of Julia Marlowe*,
in which she said that we have no
drama nowadays because we have no
dramatic critics. I should have pleas
ured in arguing the point with Miss
Marlowe, and would have— only, on |
reading the next day's Commercial Ad- j
vortiser I found that that paper had. ,
with its customary reserve and relia- |
bllity published Miss Marlowe's entire
denial of the speech. But about Mrs.
Ryley I feel particularly put out, re
membering the glad Ink poured over
earlier efforts of this industrious young
woman. In recalling certain trustful
prophecies of the wonderful Mrs. Ry
ley-to-be. I admit the fallibility of dra
matic criticism, even in The Call. Aft
er all, critics would do wiser to deal
exclusively in the past and present and ;
let the future take care of itself. I \
should hate to know Mrs. Ryley j
through only her "Mr. Bugle," and at
tempt to cast her future on the mer-
Ita of that farfre. In such circum
stances the publication of her horo
scope would be libel.
• * •
And yet "The Mysterious Mr. Bugle"
Is, for all its structural weakness and
amiable inanities, unmistakably and
characteristically Mrs. Ryley's. In a
mild way it is a caricature of her bet
ter style. The dialogue, while not so
Fharp as that of "An American Citi
zen" or even "Christopher Jr.," is still.
in its brightest passages, on the same
scheme of sublimated vaudevilleze; and
the whole social atmosphere of ' the
piece is touched with that unconscious
disregard of the conventions which is
apparent in all of her work. Mrs. Rlley
is not a writer of smart plays. The
manners, the mental fashions of her
characters are far from urban. Her
portraiture of the American quality,
like Henry Arthur Jones', when he
gives us Jukes and loidies in their an
cestral halls, is scarecly convincing. In
my wildest prophecy I could not have
included a modern comedy of manners
among the possible accomplishments of
Mrs. Ryley. But what she showed a
special grasp of in "An American Citi
zen" was that type of character most
fittingly described in the title of the
piece. She sketched the American cit
izen, the young one of to-day, as he
never has been done in any other play
of my acquaintance. She sketched him
with all his comic weekly wit, vaude
ville epigram, commercial fertility,
sound heart,, quick nerve, good sense
and enthusiastic manners. She showed
the first stage representation of that
phase of young American-.sm which
1 meets the more serious emotions of life
* with a jest, and, like as not, a vaude
ville jest at that; the young American
■who is hopelessly, irreverently, damna
bly impregnated with American humor.
And Nat Goodwin played the part,
which was nothing less than an ideali
zation of himself. He has done big- ;
ger things, but his skin never fitted
him closer than did this part of Beres
ford Cruger in "An American Citizen." ;
I have no doubt that Mrs. Ryley copied j
Nat Goodwin shamelessly when she i
■wrote "An American Citizen" for him, I
but at all events she succeeded in
striking one true note of American
character, and, whatever the trustful
ness of the story, she wrote a play with
a live man in it.
* • •
But nobody lives in "Mr. Bugle." The
only attempts at human identity are in
a comic aunt of rhetorical sarcasm, her
brat of a son, who wears precocious !
spectacles and makes a business of fall
ing over chairs, and an imperturbable
servant, suggestively humorous. The
brat, I think, is new to the stage, al
though he died in print with the last
generation of newspaper humorists, but
not valuable; the two others are an- |
tlquely English. The comic aunt and
her tumbling offspring have no place
at all in the plot, and the servant has
served in earlier pieces in his same sug
gestive capacity. This leaves the per- !
Bonages involved in the actual intrigue — j
so completely involved in a series of fe
rociously misfit situations that the sig
nal specialty of each seems lunacy.
Mrs. Ryley may say that this is not se- !
rious drama, nor even comedy, but
farce. She calls it, if you please, "a
legitimate farce," a description that
perhaps is used only to distinguish it
from the song and dance and under
clothes affairs which are commonly in
cluded in the farce class, but neverthe
less one that inspires expectations of
Just the sort of farce Mrs. Ryley did j
not write. And that is good farce in
which one, two or more persons of se
rious purpose, and simple-head if need
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco ....Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT.
"lAst Two Performances of • '
"THE ENGLISH ROSE."
Commencing TO-MORROW NIGHT, March 21.
Grand Iteproducition of Oliver Byron's
... • , Great Play, ,<-.
THE UPPER HAND.
Special Kngagement of FREDERICK
TJADfiR, the Character Comedian, and LA
PETITE I.UNP. the Infant Prodigy. in Her
Brilliant Specialties. C
Thrilling Plot, New Scenic ard. Mechanical
Effects. ; •■ ,
Evening Prices,' ) 10c, 2Cc - and- 60c. j . Matinees
Saturday and Sunday. . ■:-■
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
To-Night, La me,
•The Great Farce Comedy Success, . .
TOWN TOPICS.
.' ;".' With the Celebrated
WORLD. KELLER AND MACK. V v ,I; v i>i"
m<H-Ur, '■ 2".<: j nnd ."('c — No higher.
jlarch IS— F. Marion Crawford.
BY ASHTON STEVENS
; be, are more or less humorously befud
; died in a chain of comic circumstances
j that may be wholly extravagant so
i long as they maintain some semblance
! of plausibility and preserve suspense.
• • •
Mrs. Ryley's scheme is preposterously
! unplausible. From one end of "Mr. Bu
i gle" to the other there is no suspense, no
speculation as to what will happen
next, because everything that happened
before only scattered and blurred the
interest and obscured all idea of a
pivotal point in the plot, i'ou know
that Tom is iealous, that Betty is capri
! cious, that their betrothal must not be
! announced let' his rich relation change
the will, and that she assumes at ran
dom and at their mutual instigation
the nam s of Mrs. Bugle in order to se
i cure the liberty that is granted matron
| or widow, and to scare away outside
' suitors. This much of the piece is
I plain sailing for anybod But th* com
| plications that commence with Tom's
1 discovering the absence ot a door
key. which has been taken from Betty's
room by her cousin Allan, and continue
j to a point where Tom believes there
I really is a Mr. Bugle, married to
Betty, in the person ol his own house
and body servant, are mere drool. In
an earlier notice I praised the "cigar
scene" and the few clever spurts in the
dialogue, and Ist pass as an ingenuous
Ryleyism that episode in which the
' servant's night off is taken by Tom to
j be conclusive eviden s of the relation
! ship between him (servant^ and Betty.
j And after a second inspection I can do
! no further kindness— unless it be in not
j lingering on Joseph Holland, Gretchen
Lyons and other good players, who are
made to seem something less in the
paretic opportunities of their parts.
ASHTON STEVENS.
T^E OUTEJ* WORLD.
NeWs cf Distant Plays and
flayers.
The theatrical paragraphers are say
ingthat T Tenry Irving is broken-hearted
as well as financially crippled by the fire
which destroyed the warehouse in
which the scenery and properties of
nearly all his elaborate Shakespearean
productions were stored. The entire
scenic outfit of more than thirty plays
was destroyed. Two hundred "cloths,"
painted by the foremost scenic artists
of this era, and many elaborate scenes
stretched on frames, have gone forever.
The loss comes all the heavier upon
him just now when, owing to the com
plete failure of "Peter the Great," he
has found it necessary to revive his
repertory until a new play can be got
ready, a task which takes anywhere
from eight weeks to three months.
Another rumored- thorn in the Eng
lish actor's side at present is the
change that has come over Ellen Terry.
As long ago as last May it was com
mon talk in London that Irving anil
Miss Terry were not on the best of
terms and that the actress had threat
ened to resign from the company and
take a theater on her own account,
with Frank Cooper as her leading man.
This quarrel, however, was patched up
| ____ _ _______ AMUSEMENTS.
fSIXCLAWIIfi GOlTioe acSiiMtiifuiuao .rRIEDIAHBtB 6OTTIOB &C uttllt
TO-NIGHT, TO-NIGHT
(Sunday), and All Next Week. —last time —
. most excellent laughing i | Primrose & West's Big Minstrels
Miidolluo Lncette ley's Merry Comedy, tho - ■ - :
A/IVCTFDini ie extra...
MYSTEr\IOUS Beg. To-Morrow, Monday,
. _ _ -«_ _«. . t^%( __ America's Greatest. lndoor Show,
MR. BUGLE. RICB , S
A Spasm of Laughter in 3 Acts I • 6 & -4 jMH dP^i MB
Presented By ? -V t ['- W JTjS f^J ]^F ''
JOSEPH HOLLAND M-T^Sr^.
And a Splendid Cast < 60— PEOPLE— 60
REGULAR PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT. " Handsome Accessories. Beauty Galore.
MARCH 2SS—
BEAUTIFUL ANNA HELD. March 28— JAMES J.CORBETT.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SODAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
I late in the Bummer, but since the fail
! ure of "Peter the Great" it seems to
j have broken out again, and it is gen
erally understood now that unless the
fair Ellen sees fit to change her mind
again this is the last season she will
appear at the Lyceum.
It is said that Henry Irving will not
act in "Cyrano de Bergerac" after all
the pains he took to secure the English
rights. His next production wiil be
"The Medicine Man," the joint work of
H. D. Trail, the editor of Literature,
and Robert Hichens, the young bar
rister who wrote "The Green Carna
tion." This will mark the first appear
ance in years of Irving in modern
clothes. Hypnotism furnishes the mo
tive of the play, Sir Henry hypno
tically detecting a murderer.
Speaking again of "Cyrano de Ber
gerac," Mansfield finally has secured
the American rights and will produce
the now famous French play early in '
the autumn. Henry Irving's reason
for not producing "Cyrano" in London
is said to be based on the fact that
Miss Terry and young Irving, who
journeyed to Paris especially to see the
original performance, pronounce it un
translatable, too poetically undramatic
for the English tongue and English
taste. However, this news will have
only a stimulating effect on Mansfield,
who in more than one curtain speech
has confessed himself a several times
better actor and manager than his col
league of the London Lyceum.
When Miss Ethel Barrymore's en
gagement to Laurence Irving was an
nounced her father, Maurice Barry
more, cabled: "Have just heard of
your engagement. Heartiest congrat
ulations." Scarcely a fortnight later
came the news that the ertgagement
was broken off. Whereupon Mr. Barry
more again cabled, "Have just heard
that your engagement is off. Still con
gratulate you."
Actor Davies Is responsible for the
foregoing paragraph.
Lillian Russell, according to a rumor,
Is considering a proposition to star
jointly with De Wolf Hopper next sea
son.
The New York papers have taken up
I the subject of the too frequent benefit
j performances which impose on actors
j and managers. With few exceptions
| —the most 'notable one being Modjeska,
I who thinks that if vaudeville and
j other artists are able to appear in
| "continuous" bills and are not taxed, as
' all actors are in some countries, surely
■ they can do a little extra work now and
I then for either charity or art— both
I managers and actors vote the benefit
|an imposition and a nuisance. The
j directors of the Actors' Fund have
; taken a hand in the matter and will
see to it that a law is passed which
will reserve for the Fund a fair per
centage of the receipts of every bene
fit performance.
Here is a bouquet of new engage
ments: Marie Burroughs will reappear
with John L. Stoddart in "The Bonnie
Briar Bush." Selina Fetter is going
into vaudeville with a condensation of
"Captain Impudence." Maude Granger
is a star again in "Camille," Fanny
Janauschek in "Mary Stuart" and Cora
Tanner in "Alone in London." Marie
Celeste and Louise Royce have joined
the Castle Square Company for the cast
of "Sinbad." Eleanor Moretti will be
with Mr Kelcey and Miss Shannon in
"The Moth and the Flame" at the Ly
ceum.
Budapest is crowding its Royal Opera
House to see a ballet founded on Rider
Haggard's weird story of "She." The
ballet consists of twelve tableaux, the
first being taken from the companton
novel, "Cleopatra," in order to intro
duce Kallikrates and Amenartas. Kal
likrates, in his capacity of priest, as-
sists at the mystic rites of Isis, and,
during the progress of the orgies, es
capes with his secret lover, Amenartas,
under the curse of Isis. Then is intro
duced the cave of the Fire of Life,
guarded by an old hermit. Ayesha
(She) wins her way to this secret spot
by descending in the basket used for
conveying fnod to the hermit. From
this point on the story follows the nar
rative of the novel.
Ada Rehan's illness compels her to
abandon a projected revival of "The
Merchant of Venice," in which she has
been preparing to enact Portia for the
first time. In the current perform
ances at Daly's, Lettice Fairfax as
sumes the leading role whenever Miss
Rehan is unable to do it. The favorite
actress will after this week retire until
next season.
Coppee's "Le Passant," done into
English verse, will be given a single
performance at the Astoria, New York,
this week, with handsome Julius Opp
as the boy and Marie Burroughs as the
girl.
The incidental music in the play of
"The Tree of Knowledge, " at the Ly
ceum, is selected from themes of
Tchaikowsky's "Pathetic" symphony.
One day. after Rubinstein's last con
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR. ~iJzx\
. The. Home of Comedy.
This Sunday Night— Last Performance of
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY NIGHT).
A Muscle-TwitcMng. lye-Batting Farce : :
UNCLE DUDLEY
.; —OR— ■
THE GIRL UP-TO-DATE.
i A Plot of the Present Generation.
LITTLE VENIE, of -."First Born" Fame.
Specialties Galore .^ In a Fetching Take-off
and New. , ',•■'. ■. ;-. , ■'  ■ ■ ;.■■■ ■ . ■
PRICES TO CONJURE BY.
Orchestra t Seats, 50c ; Dress Circle, 500, 35s ; Bil-
cony, 35c, 25c, 15c.
We have a telephone (Main 254) to accommo-
date those desiring to order seats iroin a dis-
tance. • "- ;
cert In Berlin, four or more year 9 ago.
Moszkowski was asked who there was
to take the great pianist's place or ev&n
nspire to it. He pointed to a slender,
thoughtful-looking lad, who had sat in
the front row. absorbing the work of
the master, and said:
"That boy, Josef Hofmann. He will
be Rubinstein's successor."
Moszkowski was then teaching Hof
mann composition, as d'Albert and Ru
binstein were teaching him th% piano,
and he only voiced the opinion of the
few who at that time had heard the
boy play.
Hofmann is already a great pianist,
says the critic of the Commercial Ad-«
vertlser, a great virtuoso. He has in
a seemingly unlimited degree all those
qualities that go to make a great mu
sician. Whether he will become that
time alone will tell, but in the face ef
what we know of him as a boy of ten
and now a* youth of twenty, we see no
reason to doubt that the future holds
much for him. He has been wisely
trained; his genius has been carefully
and tenderly fostered: and If to-day he
is in so many respects a man before his
time, why should we doubt that the
coming years, with their deepening and
broadening effect, with such rich and
fertile material to work with, will not
complete the work that has been so
grandly begun?
In Italy the names of popular operas
are given to musical papers. Thus,
there are published In the land of sun
shine and art musical journals bearing
the titles. •'Amico Fritz." "Fra Dia
volo " "Trovatore," "II Pirata." "Riaro
letto." "Carmen," "Falstaff." "The
Mascot," "Meflstofele" and "La Bo-
heme." The latest addition to the list
is "Zanetto," so called after a new
opera by Mascagni.
"Violinist Henri Marteau is a Swede,
not a Frenchman," says the Philadel
phia Record.
A comic opera, founded on "The Cat
; and the Cherub," will soon be produced
I in Vienna.
Clement Scott has resumed work as
dramatic critic of the Daily Telegraph.
A special feature of the benefit
tendered Nellie Farren at Drury Lane
on the 17th inst. was a street band
composed entirely of the conductors of
the orchestras of the various London
theaters. Nearly every prominent ac
tor and actress in London was on the
programme. Sir Henry Irving recited
"The Dream of Eugene Aram."
San Francisco seems to be catching
on to the latest theatrical fad, which is
building theaters on paper.
Baldwin.
To-morrow night at the Baldwin
"The Mysterious Mr. Bugle" will com
mence the second and last week of its
engagement. On the Monday follow
ing the first nighters will see Anna
AMTJSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY). MARCH 20.
" Parquet, any seat, 2Sc; balcony, 10c; children,
\VrKK*^MMENCTNa MONDAY, MARCH 21,
CHABLEB T. ELLIS and COMPANY in the
one-act comedy, "Mrs. Hocan's Music Teach-
„.■■■ Mct'ALE & McDANIELS, knockabout
irt<h eomedr; master wade cochranb.
mentnl wonder; CARL DAMMON TROUPE,
irreatp'st acrobats; last week of BURKE &
FORREST. ATHAK & COLLINS. RUDINOFF.
TOPEPHINE SABEL aad the JOSE QUIN-
TETTE.
SILCOURSINGJARKi
GRAND COURSING
THIS DAY.
ALL-AGED STAKEJINO PUPPIES.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets-
Saturdays. 11:30 a.m.. 12:f.3 p.m.
Sundays. 11 a.m., 11:30 a.m.. 1:30 p.m.
Valencia street five minutes later. Return-
ing leave the park 5 p.m. and immediately
after the lost course. San Mateo electric can
every ten minutes.
Held, the best advertised cafe chant
euse who ever came to America. Every
body has heard of Anna Held, her milk
baths and champagne shampoos, her
runaway in Centra! Park, her acting
in the streets on Christmas day for the
benefit of the unfed, the sermons that
have been preached against her, the
poems that have been written in her
praise by passionate press agents. She
will appear in the original specialties
which shocked and attracted New
York, sing the unexpurgated version of
"Won't You Come Out and Play With
Me?" and introduce a new farce by
Paul Welstach and Joseph Grismer, en
titled "A Gay Deceiver." Doubtless the
most Important part of the evening,
from an artistic point, will be ihe first
production here of Chester Fernald's
Chinatown play. "The Cat and the
Cherub."
Columbia.
The Columbia offers Its patrons a
week of Rice's "1492," a spectacular
burlesque that was first seen at the
Baldwin some time ago. The Kilanyli
living pictures, "Six Daily Hints From
Paris," "The Hurrah Dudes" and the
"Animated Music Sheet" are special
features. Stuart, the lady Patti, will
be the "impersonator" this time. The
organization numbers seventy and in
cludes among others Master Thomas
Meade. the boy tenor; the Herald
Square quartet, -Tom Peasley, Marie
Conchita, George D. Cunningham, H.
J. Turner and George Ovey.
James J. Corbett follows in Charleg
T. Vincent's comedy melodrama, "A
Naval Cadet." Marie Jansen in "Nancy
Hanks" will be an early attraction at
the Columbia.
TiVoli.
The Tivoli opens out In musical farce
this week with a melodized version of
"The Widow O'Brien," a piece of howl
ing fun that has been done at the Tiv
oli several times before now with glad
results. Thomas C. Leary will be the
Widow; Edwin Stevens, the lubricated
Count Mennaggio; Tillie Salinger, the
sweet Dora McAllister, the widow's
daughter by her first husband: Georgie
Cooper, the stepsister Nora; Edith Hall,
the colored maid; Arthur Donaldson,
the explosive Captain Cranberry; Phil
Branson, his demure son Tom; John
J. Raffael, the young blood from. Bos-
I
ton; Arthur Boyce, the Pinkerton de
tective, and Alf James, the coon stew
ard, a part which he is said to have
made very funny in John E. Sheridan's
production of this same farce, under ti
tle of "Fun on the Brsto-1."
The chorus will have its chance in
the concert hall scene of the second act.
which will consist largely of songs and
specialties.
California.
F. Marion Crawford, perhaps the
most popular of living American novel-
Ists, will give three lectures in the Cali
fornia Theater on Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday evenings of next week.
As a rule, good writers are not good
speakers, but Mr. Crawford is credited
with being an amiable exception. He \
is said to indulge in easy, sensible elo
cution and to infuse magnetic person
ality into his talks. His knowledge of
modern Italy surpasses that of any oth
er writer of the language, and special
interest should be attracted to his open
ing lecture, which has for its subject
"Leo XIII in the Vatican." "The Orig
inal Mr. Isaacs' Early Newspaper Ex
periences in India" will be the theme
c-n Tuesday evening, and "Italian Home
Life in the Middle Ages" Wednesday's
subject. Seats for the opening lecture
are now on sale at the offices of the
Young Men's Institute in the Parrott
building.
A! cazar.
After finishing a most successful
week of "The District Attorney," the
Alcazar stock company will return to
i AMUSEMENTS. :
. A DOLLAR SHOW ; FOR A DIME! :
THE FINEST COLLECTION OF
WILD ANIMALSV .
Ever Shown in This Country is at the
. . . .z00. . . ■
■ IN THE CHUTES.
CAPTAIN CARPONO and His Group of
.TRAINED LIONS and . ATTRACTIONS
WITHOUT NUMBER. • • '
SPECIAL— Two , Afternoon ; Performances To-
.,• ':■ day, at 2 and 4 o'clock. ... .
■' : -. Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
i -10c to AH. Including Zoo, etc. Children, 5c
CHIQUITA RECEIVES AFTERNOONS AND
;.,.■. ...- EVENINGS-  -
SPECIAL EXCURSION TO SAN JOSE
AND THE SANTACLABA VALLEY.
: Natural carnival of buds' and blossoms. . On
SATURDAY, March 26. at 8:30 a. m.. a spe-
cial train: will leave the Southern Pacific depot.
at Fourth and To~nsend streets, , for San Jose,
return Saturday night or on any Sunday- train.
One-half j fare for the' round trip.- -Come 'and
see the beautiful Santa .Clara Valley when Its
great fruit orchards, are In bloom. - Roads and
drives lined with • great ; ; natural bouquets of
unrivaled beauty s and fragrance, v Carnages
will meet the train and < excursions to the Wil-
lows. Campbells. Los Gatos.:, Saratoga, : : Alum:
Rock, - Berryessa : and other , points ; of Interest
arranged.- , Valley of orchard . trees at height
of bJoom,
farce to-morrow night, giving an Eng
lish piece by the name of -'The Girl Up
to Date." The title is supposed to-be
descriptive of the central character, a
young woman named Winnie Tiveston,
who, in the ambiguous language of the
Alcazar's press agent, is said. to be &
phrenological study from the rise to tne
fall of the curtain." It would need a
phrenologist tor an astrologer to trans
late into sense the, press agent's fore
cast of the plot. The following is it:
The sister to Winnie as the curtain rises
is a bride of but a. few days to Charles
Fullalove: Stopping with him is his er
ratic uncle. Dudly Fullalove. who poses
as a deacon, and who by court rites is
holding money in trust left to Charley.
The Uncle gives Charley out of this
money at his marriage, the sum of low
pounds. This? money his nephew invested
without his knowledge. Into the Apollo
Concert Hall. His absence from home In
attention to business, evenings, was
looked upon by the uncle as leading a
double life. This fact was made known
to hie wife by the uncle. Plans to shadow
his footsteps were laid in the attempt to
have him placed under hypnotic power.
The hypnotist engaged happened to be
the man doing an act at the Apollo hall.
The result was that the uncle was made
the subject, and to the amazement or
witnesses, proved to be regular Don
Juan. Not content with disgracing his
relatives he pubUcally. knocked out. on tne
Apollo sta^e. a professional boxer, .hen
broutrht too. he saw that he had been
made the victim of his own trap, and that
his nephew was not the erring, young
man after all which he had been taken
for. Charley was then handed over an
the money left to him and a happy sequel
closes the farcical story.
Morosco's. •
The attraction at Morosco's next
week will be Oliver Byron's melodrama,
"Upper Hand," with which he starred
the country a few years ago. The;
play has been a mint to Byron and stilE
yields rich royalties. It is in five
acts, replete with sensational incidents
and comic relief. It tells the story
of Jack Lamar, a whole-souled fellow,
who steps forth from the ranks of
the people and marries the woman her
loves, incurring thereby the bitter ha
tred of her wealthy mother, who (to
gether with a scoundrelly lawyer, New
ton Darke. who is also a disappointed
suitor) plots his undoing. He is false
ly accused of murder, and sentenced
to ten years in prison. He escapes
In the second act, with brain crazed
by wrongs and suffering. He wander*
to the home of his wife, but is driven
away by the mother. Eventually his
reason is restored, he is reunited to his
wife, his enemies confused and over
come and everything hapdly ended.
All the favorites of the company ar«
in the cast, and Fred Tjader has beeix
specially engaged for a comedy role-
There will be a number of specialties;
Introduced by members of the com
pany; also a sensational explosion
scene during the prison outbreak.
OrpKeum.
The important changes at the Or*
pheum this week especially include a.
one-act comedy entitled "Mrs. Hogan's:
Music Teacher," in which the principal
parts are played by Charles T. Ellis,
i Mrs. Ellis, Clara Barry. Thomas Grady
> and Michael Welch. This is something
I of a new departure for the Orpheum.
' but is in keeping with the latest vaude
ville fad in having a comedy or dra
matic skit in which the parts are playedt
by people from the legitimate stage.
In marked contrast to this is the act
by McCale and McDanlels, who are said.
to be the greatest Irish knockabout
comedians in the business. A novelty
| turn is expected from Master Wade
■ Cochran, a precocious youth of 6, who
i is so well versed in biblical, historical
i and geographical matters that he
; finds ready answers to a list or over
■ twenty thousand questions. The work.
;of his sister, Gertie Cochran Wade.
: is well known to Orpheum patrons and!
! it is -claimed that Master Wade does
the better turn of the two.
The Carl Damman troupe return for
one week. From last week's bill there
, have been retained Josephine Sabel in
I an entirely new line of songs, Rudi
noff in new fantastic delineations, the
Jose Quintet. Athas and Collins, and
Burke ard Forrest. All of the nold
; overs enter the last week of their en
gagement.
GKutes.
The Zoo at the Chutes Is an ever
interesting attraction. From the baby
lions up to "Jolly." the elephant, the
300 animals are carefully studied every
day. The bill in the free theater is
good and concludes with Captain Car
dono's "African Lion Hunt," a thrilling
exhibition. Two performances are
given on Sunday afternoons, at 2 and
6 o'clock. Chiquita still receives every
afternoon and evening.
Olvjmpia.
The vaudeville bill at the Olympia
Music Hall includes the Albions, gro
tesque acrobats, and WaJsh,
"novelty perch artists," the Adams sis
ters, vocalists and several others.
Jvlusical Notes.
Henri Marteau, the French violinist,
Aime Lachaume, the pianist, and a
picked orchestra under the concert
mastership of John . Mafquardt, will
participate in a concert at the Metro
politan Temple this evening. Marteau
and Lachaume will conduct alternate
ly. Marteau will play Mendelssohn's
concerto and Saint Saens' Rondo Cap
ricioso; Lachaume will play Weber's
"Concertsttick" and conduct Schubert's
"Unfinished Symphony." Other orches
tral pieces will be the overtures to
Tannhauser and "Frieschutz." Marteau
is said to be quite an accomplished
conductor.
Mrs. Alfred Abbey, soprano, and G.
S. Wanhell, basso, will give an operatic
and song recital in the Young Men's
Auditorium on Tuesday evening, the
29th inst.
Ernest Lent, a cellist of reputation,
will he the soloist at the ninth concert
of the Symphony Society, which will
take place Thursday afternoon in the
Tivoli. He will play Saint-Saens' violon
cello concert in A minor, and the string;
band augmented by horn and harp, will
play Mr. Lent's "Rhapsodic Erotlque,"
under the direction of the composer.
The symphony which Mr. Scheel has
selected is Brahms' second (D major);
the overture will be Schumann's "Julius
Caesar." _________^^___
, /.«v - ~j} ...- AMUSEMENTS. ;
; TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
! iiiui. KRXrsTl.vs Kkkling. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING!;
The Most Amusing of J Musical Comedies.
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
Superb Cast! Bright Burlesques! Brilliant
Light' Effects! Up-to-date Medleys! En-
I . trancing Specialties! ; Magnificent Scenery! ;
"The Heart of Maryland". Travesty upon "II
' .. -. Trovatore."
' THREE HOURS OF FUN.
Popular Price5.. ..;....V.r..'..:.'.. I li.*.i. 25c and 500
No Telephone Orders Received. > •:
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY,
' FRITZ -SCHEEL. Musical Director.
NINTH CONCERT — Tivoll Opera ..House.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. March 24. at 3:15.
Programme: Overture/ "Julius Caesar" (Schu- ,
maun) ; violoncello • concerto, A minor. Op. 33 i>
(Saint Saens),:Mr. Ernest Lent; symphony No.
2. ■■ 1) major (Brahms) - Rhapsodle " Erotiqu*
(Ernest Lent), string orchestra, • horn and harp,
•under the direction of the composer; , vorspie),
•'Die Melstersinger" (Wagner). »■' :;
, Prices.: including reserved seat. $1 60. $1 and
Tic. ; Sale of seats commences, iat ~ the Tlvoll
Opera House on r Monday morning. ■■, March 21. :;.
■Tr\T VMDII Corner of Mtson »nJ ,'-.:- L
I__L._ __:___ - Edd, Sire,*!.
I America's most beautiful music i hall. - Great-
I est free bill :In the world. The J 3 ALBIONS.
! grotesque -■ comedians;- ZANFRELLA , -^&
i WALSH, porch artists; ADAM 3 SISTERS.
i b'alladists: MONTALAIS - soubrette: ARNEL-
iDO and ; ten others. Matinee to-day.^-AdmU-
1 sionfree. . .. ' ; .-- ;
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat hardening abroad.
Barley rising again.
Oats very stiff. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay strong. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans dull and easy.
Coffee lower.
New Potatoes declined.
Vegetables steady.
Butter and Eggs continue to improve.
Poultry nominal.
Apples doing better.
Citrus Fruits dull.
Dried Fruits fiat.
Provisions neglected.
New Wool coming In.
Hides weak. Hops nominal.
Hogs weak. Beef firm. Mutton steady.
Bank clearings gain 30 per cent.
Increased imports of merchandise.
BAJN'K CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $15,823,
189 against $12,454,457 for the same week In
1897. j
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign Imports at this port during the first
two months of the year were $7,562, 650, against
$5 063.000 for the same time last year, and in
cluded $2.343. 500 from Japan, $1,522,400 from
China and $1,269,100 from the Hawaiian Islands.
EXPLANATION.
The nrrow flies with the wind. The top flg
eres at :"atlon lndlc.e maximum temperature
lor the days: those underneath It. If any, the
•mount o' rainfall, cf melted Enow in Inches
and nundredths during the past twelve hours. ;
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
•Ir pressure: isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usu; lly accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weath?r and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure I." high in the interior and low
along: the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along; the ccasi. rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lm
frobable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
daho. and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
fl2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. March 19. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last i
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 28.05 42.75
Red Hluff 0 12. 0S 22.71
Sacramento 0 8.55 15. 51 \
San Francisco 0 7.52 20.83
Fresno 0 3.71 I'.S5
San Luis Obispo 0 5.45 20.02
1. | Angeles 0 5.02 1C.46
San Diego 0 3.->2 ll.fr)
Yuma 0 1.66 6.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 53;
minimum, 43; mean, 4S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
A well-defined barometric depression Is cen
tral this evening in the British possessions ,
north of Western Montana, whirh is apparent
ly moving southward. There lias been a rapid
fall in pressure throughout Idaho and Mon
tana, while little change has taken place In
California. No marked temperature changes
have occurred, although it has become slight
ly warmer in California and in the region to
the eastward. Conditions are favorable to fair
weather Sunday morning, followed by Increas
ing cloudiness during the day.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 20. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, but with
increasing cloudiness In the north portion;
fresh westerly wind, becoming brisk to high
northwest Sunday night.
Southern California— Fair, warmer Sunday;
fresh westerly wind.
Nevada— lncreasing cloudiness Sunday, prob
abaly with rain or snow in northeast portion.
rtah— Local rain or snow Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— lncreasing cloud
iness Sunday; fresh westerly wind, becoming
brisk to high northwest Sunday night.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
ast R p. m.— Clear; wind northwest, 24 miles;
temperature, 40; maximum temperature, 49.
W. H. HAMMON.
Loc il Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 19.— The action or lack
of action of to-day's stock market can only be
Interpreted as the natural restriction of the
overshadowing of the uncertainty of the Cuban
question. Last Saturday the threatening as
pect of the situation, coupled with the recol
lection of the developments of the
preceding Saturday in the suggestion for th» re
call of General Lee, led to reckless short sell
ing by the traders, driving the market to a
point even lower than the Monday market suc
ceeding the Lee incident. The pinching ad
ministered to the reckless bears in the re
bound of last Monday made them extremely
cautious about putting out short lines In to
day's market. Even the shorts who were
driven to cover in yesterday's late flurry over
unwarranted rumors of compromise with Spain
did not venture to renew me:r selling. The
consequence was an almost lifeless market, as
no one is ready to take the long side of the
market at this time. . Prices dritted aimlessly
up and down over a narrow range. Only a
little over 100,000 shares changed hands during
the day's short session.
The bond market was equally dull.
The bank statement showed an unexpected
Increase in the surplus reserve, but the net in
crease in specie by no means reflected the re
ceipts of imported gold during the week, and
the stock 'of legal tenders .ras materially re
duced. Th<» lowering of the legal reserve level
by t1.526.120 through the reduction in deposits
accounted for that much of the increased sur
plus. The 110,585,100 contraction in loans , is
clear enough evidence that the heavy receipts
of gold from abroad are insufficient to main
tain the balance o( the money market, in spite
oi .ie distinctly easier tone of money in the
last days of the week.
The Cuban problem has remained the domi
nant factor in the stock market during the
week. Its uncertainties ami perplexities are
felt to be so great that no one in the specu
lative world feels competent • - form a fixed
opinion as to the outcome. The .result is a
email and narrow market. The heavy liquida
tion-of speculative holdings of long stocks in
duced by the first stage of the threatening de
velopments has about been concluded, and
probably no further heavy offerings will be in
duced except by some development threatening
serious consequences to security values. That
there, has been an extensive restriction of cred
its has been obvious from tne developments in
the money market. But this restriction has
. oi'i>arently affected nothing- yet beyond specula
tive enterprises and ' partly trading in-securi
ties. Prices move easily and quickly with only
the light Volume of business, which is wholly
In the hands -of professional traders The bond
market has been dull during the week, but
price* are somewhat better. United States new
fours advanced ' '■*■, the old fours coupon and
the seconds declined ¥< at ■) the • ■!'! fours regis
tered declined U in the bid price.
Total sales of . stocks to-day .? were 113.300
(hares. • Including: Burlington r.SCO, - Manhattan
7100. . Northern Pacific preferred 6974, St: Paul
13,020. Union Pacific 6110, People's Gas 4750,
General Electric 2905, Sugar 34,140.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson lIUISt P & 0m...... «9%
. Do pref ......-..■ 25»-«i Do pref ......-..'150
Baltimore & Ohio 17 iSt i 1i 1 M & M....V. 127
Canada Pacific ... 52% So Pacific .... 15%
Canada Southern. 48 So Railway . : 7% |
Cent Pacific ..... 12 | Do pref .. 26%
Ches & Ohio 19 i Texas & Pacific. 9%
Chi & Alton .. 151 Union Pacific ... 50%
Chi B & Q 90% U P D & G 7%
Chi & E 111 61 Wabash 6% |
C C C & St L.... 28 Do pref 15% j
Do pref 82 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson lOu Do pref 9%
Del L & W 150 i Express Companies-
Den & R G .. 11% Adams Ex 101
Do pref ..'.:.... 44% I American Ex — 125
Erie (new) 12% United States .... 39
Do Ist pref 34% Wells Farjro 115
Ft Wayne 168 Mlscelianeius—
Gt Nor pref 150 A Cot Oil .... 16
Hocking val .... 5% Do pref 69%
Illinois Cent 99% ■ Amn Spirits 7%
Lake Erie & W... 13% Do pref 174
Do pref 67 Am Tobacco .... 96%
Lake Shore ...... 186 Do pref ........ 113
Louis & Nash..... 49% People's Gas . 9114
Manhattan L .... 101 Cons Gas 1<9%
Met St Ry .... 141% Com Cable C 0.... 165
Mich Cent .. 104 Col F & 1r0n.... 18
Minn & St L.... 26 Do oref 78
■ Do Ist nref .... 82 Gen Electric 324
Mo Pacific ..". 25% Illinois Pteel 45
Mobile & Ohio.. 26 Laclede Gas 42
Mo K& T 11 Lead 29% |
Do pref 32 Do Dref 103 |
Chi lnd & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 104 j
Do pref 24 |Or Imp Co -2->%
N J Central 92 Pacific Mail 24
N V Central 110 Pullman Pal 170
N V Chi &St L.. 12 Silver Cert 50%
Do Ist nref .... 63 j Stand R & T.... 3%
Do 2d pref ..... 30 Sugar 119
Nor West ........ 11% I Do pref -. 107
No Amer Co ..... 6% T C & Iron 19
No Pacific 22 US Leather 6% ,
Do pref '..61% Do pref 67%
Ontario & W.... 14% U S Rubber 16%
Or R & Nay 444 Do pref 65%
Or Short Line ... 254 West Union 85%
Pittsburg 168 St L& S W 4
Reading 17 Do pref ...' 94
Do Ist pref .... 39% R G W 23
Rock Island ..... 83% j Do oref 54
St L & S F 6% Chi G W 9%
Do Ist pref .... 54 : Chi & N W 117% |
Do 2d pref 24 Do pref 173
St Paul 89% Haw Com C 0.... 30
Do pref 145% '1'
CLOSING BONDS. \.
U S new 4s reg.. 122 N J C 55.... 112
Do coup 122 N Carolina 6s — 125
US 4s 109% Do 4s 102
Do coup 11l No Pac lsts — 116
Do 2ds 98 Do 3s 60
U S 6s reg : 11l Do 4s 94%
Do 5s coup .... 111 NYC &S L 45.. 1034
District 3.65s .... 116 Nor & W 63...:.. 119
Ala class A 108% Northwstrn cons. 144
Do B L 1084 Do deb 5s 115% I
Do C 97 O Nay lsts 113%
"Do Currency ... 97 |O Nay 4s ... .. 94
Atchison 4s 89% O S Line 6s tr.... 120
Do adj 4s 574 JO S Line 5s tr.... 99% j
Can So 2ds ...... 106% ! O Imp lsts.tr.... 10G
Chi Term 4s 82% Do 5s tr - 65
C & Ohio 5s 114 Pacific 6s of 95.. 103 !
C H & D 445.... 104% Reading 4s 81% ;
D & R G lsts.... 110 iR G W lsts 80% I
li & R G 4s 89 'S L & I M C 55.. 90% I
East Term lsts.. 105 S L & S F G 65.. 116
Erie Gen 4s 70 St P Con 140%
F W & D lsts tr. 68% St P C & P lsts.. 118
Gen Elec as .... 101 Do 5s 114%
G H & S A 65.... 102 So Ry 5s 89
Do 2ds .. 103 Stand R& T 65.. 55
H & T C 5s 110 Term new set 35.. 85
Do con 6s 107 T&P L G lsts.. 95% |
lowa C lsts .... 100 Do Rg 2ds 31% |
Kan P Con tr.... 99 U P D & G lsts.. 54
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131% Wab Ist 5s 106% !
La new cons 45... 101% Do 2ds 75%
L& N Uni 45.... 86 W Shore 4s 106% i
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries .... 68
MX & T 2d9.... 59% Do deferred .... 3%
Do 4s 86% U P pref 50%
N V Central lst». 115% Do 4s 91%
MINING STOCKS.
Choilar • 40 Ontario 250
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 40
Con Oal & Va 70 Plymouth 08
Dead wood 75; Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry.. 15 [ Do pref 200 [
Hale & Norcrs.. 1 30 Sierra Nevada 1 05 j
Homestake 37 00 1 Standard 160
Iron Silver 36 Union Con 32 I
Mexican 2S ' Yellow Jacket ... 20 j
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 19.— Atchison. 11%: Bell
Telephone, 245; Burlington. 90%; Mexican Cen
tral, 5; Oregon Short Line, 28%; San Diego, — .
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.'
NEW YORK. March 19.— FLOUR—
22.253 barrels; exports, 17,717 barrels. Quiet,
but firm; winter straits, $4 50@4 65; Minnesota
patents. $5 20®5 45; winter extras, _ $3 90@'4 10;
Minnesota bakers', $4 90@5 50; winter low
grades, $2 90@3.
WHEAT— Receipts. 103,600 bushels; exports,
137,763 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. $105%® I
1 05% f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened
firm and ruled strong all the morning on a
scare on May shorts, moderate foreign buying :
and steadier cables; closed unchanged on late
months to %Slc advance on near months.
March, $1 04%@l 05%, closed $1 04%; May,
$1 004, closed. $1 01%. • ; .
HOPS— Steady; State common to. choice,' -1895
crop. 4@6c; 1596 crop. 7@9e: 1897 crop, 170190:
Pacific Coast. 1895 crop. 4@6c: 1896 crop. 8@10c;
1897 crop, 17@18c; London market, 85@}5s.
WOOL— Quiet: fleece, 174?22c; Texas, 12@15c.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PIGIRON— Quiet; Southern, $9 75@11; North
ern. 110 50@12.
COPPER— Quiet: brokers', $1175.
LEAD— DuII; brokers', $3 50.
TlN— Plates, weak. .
COFFEE— closed steady at un
changed to 5 points net decline. Sales, 13.500
bags. Including May, $5 15. Spot Coffee— Rto.
weak and nominal; No. 7 invoice, 5%c: No. 7
Jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet: Cordova, 84<iirl6c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet: fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 4 l-16c; refined, quiet; mold ,
A. 5%c: standard A, sc: confectioners' A, sc;
cut loaf. 5%c: crushed. .'%c; powdered, 5 5-16 c;
granulated. 5%c; cubes, 5 5-16 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5794 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 13@13c; Elelns. 19c; fac
tory, 12(gloc.
EGGS— Receipts, 7090 packages. Steady: State
and Pennsylvania. 10%®llc; Western, ' 10% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, March 19.— California Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 64980;
prime wire tray, S%iSS%c: wood-dried, prime,
84@8%c; choice, B%@9c; fancy, 9%@10c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 54@7e; Moorpark, 84<3 I
10c.
PEACHES— s@9c; peeled, 12@16c.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 19.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were lifeless and dull to-day.
The China loan was moderately well received.
Americans were steady on the New York lead,
but there will be no initiative here pending
the publication of the report of the Naval
Board of Inquiry on the Maine disaster.
On the arrivals here of the gold from Aus
tralia lam told that full-weighted sover
eigns are being shipped to New York. The
Bank of Spain return shows an increase at the
credit of the treasury of 11.140,000 pesetas
($2, 100,000).
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. 85%: Grand Trunk. 8%;
Bar Silver, steady, 25 9-16 d per ounce; Money,
2 per cent. .___ :;C---V
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, ,19.— The opening in wheat
was irregular. Traders In July rather looked
with favor on the selling side, as the cold wave
which was expected to follow the rains did
not materialize and there was apparently no
• prospect of any serious drop In temperature.
Cables failed to respond to the strength shown
here yesterday. This caused some liquidation
in July at the outset, opening prices being
Ss"i<SS6c, showing %c decline. There the mar
ket halted, however. May was strong from the
start. Shorts were active bidders for this de
livery, which opened %C higher at $1 06. and
heavy buying soon sent prices up to $1 06%.
The demand for May and the advance in that
future soon brought July shorts into ■ the pit
to protect themselves, heavy buyers of yester
day coming Into the market again, and the de
mand became general. The result was a
gradual advance to 86% c. Realizing then set
In and a reaction to 86% c took place. May at
the same time dropping to *1 06%. The drop
ping off in the Northwest receipts was a help
ing influence. " Continental markets were
steady. . The reaction in both options was of
short duration and the demand soon became
j heavy • again, especially ■■ in May, the > price of
1 which was sent up to $1 07. July advanced to
: 86% c. The advance was well maintained up to
11 o'clock, when the market began gradually
to give way. Leiter's brokers had meantime
i begun selling heavily of May at top figures,
I and as shorts became tilled up the demand from
i this source! decreased. ' Liquidation, however,
I did not become general until heavy . estimated
I receipts for Monday were posted. These
i brought: In. a 'flood of realizing orders and
prices late In the session broke very sharply.
Leiter kept up his selling of May to the last
and probably disposed of : over 1.000,000 bush
1 els. In the last few minutes early buyers be
! came, sellers, and with this added weight, of
! liquidation" the : market became very . weak,
1 though July did '■ not suffer so much as May.
! Closing price for the latter option was $1 03,
' July closing at 85%<fi:S5%c. .
Corn was slow. May closed unchanged.
Oats were : firm early, but declined with
1 wheat, closing a shade lower. '
I Provisions were easy/, with , a slow trade.
I Packers were moderate sellers. At the close
I May pork I was 74c lower, May lard and ribs
5c lower. : '.■:., ■ I *■
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
! Wheat No. 2— •• . \
May ................106 107 1 03 103
July ....:........... fS V 5,6% : ; 85% So?;
i Corn No. 2—
May. 29% 29% .29% ' 29%
July 30% .30% 30*, - 30%
; September .........* • 314 31% 314 31%
Oats No. 2— « *
May. 25% 26 25% . » 25%
July ........: 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl— •*••..• . ...
May $ 824 9 82% 980 9*24
July ................ 9*7% 9 92% 985 987
Lard, per 100 lbs — fflßßfe*; :
May 510 5 10-5 07% 5 10'
i July 5 15/, 5 17% -5 15.- 6 17%
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SITXDAY, MARCH 20, 189 S.
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ' ■ _
May 505 505 500 - 005
July . .'. ..-..'.-.... 5 12% . 5 12% £10 510
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
winter patents. . $4 90@5; straits. ' $4 20@4 50;
spring specials, $5 40'S'5 50; spring patents.
54 70©5 10; straits. $4 40@4 60; bakers', $3 60@
3 90; No. 3 spring i wheat. SS<g99c; No. 2 red,
99%c@$l 00%; No. 2 corn. 28%@28%c; No. 2
oats 25% c; No. 2 white, f. o. b., 29%@31c; No.
3 white f. o. b.. 28@29c; No. 2 rye. 49 %c; No. 2
barley, f. o. b., 34@42c; No. 1 .flaxseed, $1 174;
prime timothy seed, $2 80; mess pork, per bbl.
J9 So®9 83* lard, per 100 lbs, $5 0505 0.%; short
ribs sides (loose). $4 90@5 15; whisky, distillers
finished %oods, per gal. $1 194; sugars, cut loaf.
5.88 c; granulated. 5.38 c. .
Articles— '■■ .Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls .....17.000 - 23.000
Wheat, bush 100.000 70.000
Corn, bush 243,000 231.
Oats, bush ..;. 212.000 . ; 201,001'
Rye, bush 3,000 ;
Barley, bush 44.000 31.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries. 13@lSc; dairies.
10%@16c. Cheese, quiet, B@S%c. Bggs. steady;
fresh. 9%c. ■■- '
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
■'•"•,.■: Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis .180,340 111,600
Duluth 88,329 ......
Milwaukee ....: 15,850 1,300
Chicago ' 99.6€3 69,678
Toledo 17.570 2,600
St. Louis 20,000 14,000
Detroit 11.366 2 975
Kansas City 23,500 • 9,500
Totals 459,918 . 211.653
Tidewater —
Boston 15.540
New York 103,000 137.763
Philadelphia 2.610 2.375
Baltimore 16,634 32,000
New Orleans 120,000
Totals .'....138,284 292.138
, PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— ;■.;;•>; March. May.
Opening ....63 05 59 90
Closing
Flour —
Opening 29 15 27 80
.Closing
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening ....7 9% 74% 7 % 6 6-% 66%
Closing ..... .....
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. March 19.— CATTLE— The limited
supply of cattle In the pens to-day was sold
at yesterday's prices. The market j for most
grades was almost nominal. Choice cattle has
been scarce all week and sell at a substantial
premium over short fed lots. '
HOGS— Trade in hogs was 2%@5c lower. Hogs
sold largely at $3 85@3 95, the best heavy sell
ing at $4 05 and the commonest light at $3 50. .
SHEEP — Prices for sheep and lambs were
mostly nominar at recent quotations. Poorest
sheep, $353 50; good to prime, $4 60@4 75; year
lings. $4 50@5; lambs, $4 40^5 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 200; Hogs, 17,000; Sheep,
2000. < •
OMAHA.
OMAHA, March 19.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1200.
Market active, strong; native beef steers, $3 90
<g5 10; Western steers, $3 60(g4 65: Texas steej-s.
$3 259S 90; cows and heifers. $3i§4; canners, $2
93; stockers and feeders, $3 7'><3s; calves, $4 50
(g6 50; bulls and stags, $2 40©3 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 3400. Market steady; heavy,
$3 70^3 85; mixed. $3 70@3 75; light. $3 65@3 75;
bulk of sales, $3 70<33 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1700. Market steady: fair
to choice natives, $3 70@4 70; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60@4 50; common and stock sheep,
$3gS 90; lambe, $4 25(§5 30.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. March 19.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 200. Market unchanged from yesterday;
retail trade only.
HOGS— Receipts, 3000. Market steady; bulk
of sales. $3 65!g3 SO; heavies, $3 7093 90 ". Pack
ers, $3 60«3 f'o; mixed. $3 55@3 85; lights, $3 50
@3 70: yurkers. $3 65(g3 70; pigs. $3 8593 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1200. Market steady;
lambs. $4 25<55 25: muttons. $3 50@4 50.
DENVER.
DENVER, March 19.— CATTLE — Receipts.
100. Market steady to strong; beef steers,
$3 1094 50; cows, $3 10(<?3; feeders, freight paid
to river. $4(31 7o; stockers. freight paid, $4 90;
bulls, stags, etc., $2 25@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Light packers, $3 75®
3 SO; heavy, $3 65^3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 500. Market firm, good
demand; good fat muttons, $3 25@4 15; lambs,
$4 20#5 25.
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. March 19.— The Financier says:
Judging from the statement of the associated
banks of New York City for the week ending
March 19, it will require a larger war scare
than has yet appeared to put money at higher
rates than have ruled for a few weeks past.
Even with less than $6,000,000 of the Imported
gold Bhowing in the total, the banks have
gained $4,512,500 In cash, the specie increase
of $5,211,300 having been offset by a loss of
$1,698,800 in legal tender, the latter represent
ing in large part the shipments to the interior.
The position of the New York banks at present
Is very strong. They "hold an excess reserve
of $28,060,050, as compared with $20,523.. r )00 two
weeks ago. The policy of contraction, however,
has brought about heavy reductions In several
Items. Thus the loans of the banks are now
$39,600,000 less than one month ago. Deposits
in the same time have fallen off more than
$50 000,000. The loss in cash, however, has only
been $10,000,000, all of which has gone to inter
ior institutions, and the excess reserve Is near
ly $3,000,00 i) larger than at the close of business
February 19. The interior demand has been
rather well satisfied, but owing to the cheap
ness of transfer rates the domestic exchange
quotations are moving Independently of usual
lactors. As showing the calmness which pre
vails, it may be noted that interior banks iire
again in this market as purchasers of com
merical paper.
The changes in the totals for the week are
less than expected. The loan Item decreased
$10 585 100, due to the continued liquidation. It
W worth mentioning that the decreases of one
bank, which Is the largest lender to call funds
and also the largest importer of specie, ac
counts for $6,000,0<W of the total reduction. De
posits have decreased $7,304,500. but the bank
which reduced its loan item so heavily figures
but slightly in this. There seems to be no
doubt that the sales of sterling bills have some
connection with the loan decrease. It is esti
mated that at least $3.'-,000,000 of accumulated
sterling bills are held in this city, and any
rapid advance in money must of necessity lead
to continued large imports of gold.
This amount of deferred credits will increase
; rather than diminish under normal conditions,
i as the monthly trade balances in favor of the
United States are growing, exports showing
! an expansion and imports a contraction. Short
: <j( actual war, there seems to be no reasons
I for a money market higher than prevails at
j present.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 19.— There was all-around j
| animation at the wool auction s<iles to-day. |
The selection was good and consisted of 13,137 !
bales. Choice Queensland greasy flocks were in j
strong demand, the home trade and Continent j
taking several parcels. A lot of Geelong j
greasy was sold to American buyers at Is Id. j
Crossbreds were in good supply and finer i
grades dearer. American buyers secured a few
I of the best, but the bulk was taken by the j
i home trade. A small supply of scoured sold
j quickly to the continental and home buyers. J
! During the week 60,500 bales *ere sold. The j
I offerings next week aggregate 81,950 bales.
The following are the sales in detail:
New South Wales. 4200 bales; scoured, 114d@
Is 6d; greasy. 5%@10d. j
Queensland, 3000 bales; scoured, Is 44d@
: Is 6d; greasy, 7<glO4d.
Victoria, InOO bales; scoured, Bd@ls <4d;
i greasy 6%d*jls Id.
New Zealand, 4100 bales; scoured, 6d@ls 14d;
1 greasy, 64<U 104 d. : _i- }' .
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 300 bales; !
I scoured. 94d<als 2d; greasy, 6@Bd.
The arrivals so far for the third series ag- !
! gregate 44,257 bales, of which 9000 were for
warded direct.
The imports for the week are as follows:
New South Wales, 272; Melbourne, 7100; South :
! Australia, 4300; Cape of Good Hope and Natal, |
| 5117, and elsewhere. 1734.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 19.— Consols, 112; silver,
25 9-16 d; French rentes, 103f 224 c.
LIVERPOOL, March 19.— Wheat, dull; car- |
j goes off coast, nominal, unchanged; cargoes on j
| uassage, rather easier.
' COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 red northern i
spring, 8s; No. 2 red western winter, 7s 9.1.
CORN — Spot, quiet; American new, 3s 4%d; ;
! futures, quiet; March, 3s 4V 4 d; May, 3s 24d: i
July, 3s 2%d.
FLOUR— St. Louii fancy winter, dull, 9s 9d. '■
HOPS AT LONDON— Pacific Coast, dull, j
: £4 ss@£4 15s.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, March 19— The imports at the
■ port of New York for the week are: Gold,
1 $8,214,039; sliver, $31,392; dry goods and general
! merchandise, $9,127,244. The exports of specie
I were: Gold. $20,204; silver, $730,295."
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Match 19.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows: '
Available cash balance, $i! 23,093.424; gold re- j
serve, $171,054,826.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 19.— Wheat, steady
under lower freights; Walla Walla, 75c; valley
and blue stem, 77c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., March 19.— Wheat, firm
but unchanged; No. 1 club, 75c; No. 1 blue j
stem, 78c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 19.— Exchanges.
$151, 035; balances, $30,3>7.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. .
Sterling Exchange, 5ight........... — 54 81-: .
Sterling Exchange 60 days — 4 84%
Sterling Cables , ••' — * 8. r .'».
j New York Exchange, 5ight...:.... — ' 15
New York Exchange. . telegraphic. — 1."'..
Fine Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars — . 40
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week closed on a steady mar
ket, with higher cables from England and " the
! Continent. ■ :
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1:40®
1 41% for No. 1, $1 424 for choice and $1 45@1 50
per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal } Session— o'clock— No sales. 1
Second Session— December— ctls, $1 33%;
10.000. $1 33%. May— $1 42. ' «
I Regular . Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls. $1 33%; , 14,000. $1 33%; SOOO. .$1 34. May—
6000. $1424; 2000, $1 42% ; 6000, ,$1 42%.
BARLEY— The market was stiff at a sharp
advance In futures, and an improved call
for spot grain.
Feed, $1 12%@1 13% for dark to good and
$1 15 .for choice; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 cUs, ;lS%c:-4000. 88% c; 40CO, 98% C. I
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 10; 4000,
$1 11%. December— 99c; 6000, 99% c; 4000,
!)9%c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 24.ooo
ctls. $1; 6000, 99% c; 2000, $1 00%; 2000, $100%:
8000. $100%; 2000, $100%; 4000, $100%. May—
6000, $111%; 18.000. $112: 2000, -$111%: 4000,
$1 12><.: 2000. $1 12%: 2000. $1 12%: 2000. $1 13.
OATS— Dealers report a very firm market
I and say that it would take very little to ad
vance prices again. • ' .
Far.cv Feed. »i 27% per ctl ; good to choice,
$1 20@l 25; common. $1 15@1 17%; Surprise,
$1 27401 32%: red. $1 35@1 45; gray. $1 174<g!l 20;
milliner. $1 20@l 25 per ctl. * . ■ '.
I CORN— The demand is so poor s that ; some
! dealers have withdrawn their offerings from
the market. Quotations are nominal. ' .
Small round yellow, $1 ivo 1 12% per ctl; large
yellow, $1 05®l 074- white, $1 10®l 12%.
RYE— sl 07@l 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 76©1 S5 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 £5@4 65; Bakers' extras. $4 30@4 40 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol- 1
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
! Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 50 per 100;
I Rice Flour, $5 75: Cornmeal, $2 25; extra cream
I Cornmeal, $3; Oatmeal, $3 50: Oat Groats, $1;
j Hominy, $3 10@2 30; Buckwheat Flour, $1;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farnia, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 25
#5 65; in sacks, $5 05@5 45; Pearl Barley, $4;
Split Peas, $3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay closed the week stiff, with a sale of a
j car of extra choice wheat at $22 50. A further
' advance Is looked for. There Is no change In
j Bran and Middlings. .
BRAN— slfi®l6 50 per ton. * •
MIDDLINGS— SIB^22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $24©23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 60@29 60;
! Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 Go@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2SQ3O per ton; Cornmeal, |23@
i 24; Cracked' Corn, $23 50@24 50; Chopped Feed.
i $17-518. n
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $IS@
I 22 per ton: Wheat and Oat. $17 50@21 SO: Oat.
i $17@19; Barley, $15(!?1S: compressed, $18*521; Al-
I falfa. $10@12: stock. $12013; Clover, $12@13 50.
STRAW— 3S©4Sc per bale.
•BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are dull and easy and it Is doubtful
• ■whether the top quotations could be realized
; for lots of any size. . :
BEANS— Bayos, $2 80-02 90: Small Whites.
:$1 50@l 60: Large Whites, $1 50@l 53: Pinks.
$2 2508 50: 'Reds, $2®2 25; Blackeye, $2 4091 50;
Butters, $1 40@l 60; Limas, $2@2 12%; Pea, $1 40
©1 .if>; TtVd Kidneys, $2 Zs©2 5u per ctl.
SEED*— Brown Mustard, $2 75@3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $2© 2 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary
Seed, 2%®2%c per lb; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape,
2@2%c; Hemp. 3c; Timothy, 5%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 40@l 65; Green, $1 60
■ @1 90 per ctl.
; POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
-
Vegetables were steady. Onions and Pota
toes were unchanged, except new Potatoes,
which were lower. .
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65(5 75c; River Reds,
50@60c: River Burbanks. 60@75c per sack; Ore- j
gon Burbanks, 65@95c; Salinas Burbanks are
out; Petaluma Burbanks. 55@75c; Sweet Pota
toes, 23®50c per ctl for Rivers and 65c@$l for
Merced: new. Potatoes, 2H<sic per lb. ■
ONIONS— SI 75(5 2 50 per ctl; cut onions, $1®
! 1 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 447 boxes As
paragus, 341 boxes Rhubar and 285 sks Peas.
! Asparagus. »(6 10c per lb lor tancy, 74f8c
i for No. 1 and 4S6c for No. 2; Rhubarb, 75c@
: $1 25 per box; Alameda Green Peas. -44c per .
! lb: Mushrooms, 8015 c: Dried Peppers. 6@7c
per lb; Dried Okra, Me; Cabbage. Co@7sc per
ctl; Carrots, 23®60c per sack; Garlic, 5@5%c
; per lb; Cucumbers. • OCaJI per dozen.
Los Angeles Strln- Beans, ; Tomatoes,
■ ; Green Peppers, 30c per lb; Summer
i Squash, $I@l 25 per box; Egg Plant, 10c per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per •lb In lots of 25
I lbs; sliced dedicated, lG(gl8c: granulated raw,
! 13c; C. lions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new , ISc;
i Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c. ■ .
POULTRY AND GAME.
Young stock is firm and old stock weak. The
usual amount of Eastern is announced for this,
' week.
- POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@loc for Gob
' biers and lOQllc for Hens; dressed Turkeys.
12@13c per lb: Geese, per pair, $1 50ig)l 75:
Goslings, $2 25«/2 75; Ducks, $4@5 for old and
$6 5O(§8 for young; Hens, $3W-4; • Roosters,
1 young, $6 Bo@7 50; Roosters, old, $3 60«?3 75;
Fryers, $6@6 50; Boilers, $5@6 for large, $3 50®
4 50 for small: Pigeons. $2*82 25 per dozen for
! young and $1 8591 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER CHEESE AND EGGS.
' Some dealers are buying Eggs to put Into cold
! storage and the market is . accordingly firmer,
■ In spite of large receipts. ■ Butter ,is also bet
, ter, under a demand for the north.
BUTTER— : '7?^ •.
! Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18@19c; sec
onds, - 16@17%c. " ■
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 16@17c; second
1 grades, 14915 c per lb.
Eastern Creamery, 16@16%c: ladle
packed, 14915 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9c: common
to good, B@B%c; Cream Cheddar. 10<311c; Youns;
America. lO®llc; Western. ll@12c; Eastern,
i 12y.@13%c per lb. ■ .
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12@13c per dozen; store
Eggs. 114<&12c. - .--
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
»
Reports of damage by frost continue to come
jin from all over the State. Apricots are the
I chief sufferers thus far.
One basket of Strawberries came in from
the Santa Clara Valley and sold at $1 50.
Apples are in lighter supply and firmer.
DECIDUOUS FKUITS—
Apples, 40@60c per box for common. 75c<y$l
for good to choice and $1 25igi 40 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 50©
2 75; Seedlings, 75c©*l 50; Mandarins, $ir fl l 25
for lai-Kf and r.ii-iiT.V for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, $I@l 60; Grape Fruit, $1 50#3 per
box; Lemons, 50ifr75c for common and $I@l 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4 50;
California Limes, in small boxes, 4G@M)c; Ba
nanas, $1 25(§2 25 per bunch; Pineapples. $3@4
per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
The situation In regard to the damage by
frost as far as known up to date may be sum
marized as follows: Apricots , and Almonds
wiped out in many localities, Peaches injured
somewhat, Cherries a little and PruneH hardly
at all. All this produces no effect whatever
on the East and the market Is as flat as ever.
DHIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 3% a>
4%c for 40-50's, 3%<53%c f0r ;. 60-60' 8. 2%®3%c
for 60-70's, 2>«''<J2%c for 70-80's, 1%@2%C for S0-
SO's. 1%@1%c for 90-100's; Peaches. :%@tc;
fancy. 4%@5c; peeled." 10@12%c: Apricots. bC<i6c
for Royal* and 7@7%c for good to fancy Moor
[arks; Evaporated Apples, 6%@7%c; sun-dried.
4@sc; Black Figs. in sacks, 2(&2%c; Plums.
4%<?f4%c for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted;
bleached Plums, ."'4c; Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears. 2%<S'4%c for quarters
and 3#5V-c for halves, according to color, etc.
• RAISINS— W.t32c. for two-crown. 3c for three
crown, 3%c for four-crown. ' 44c - for Seedless
Suitanas, \ 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $I©.
1 10 for London layers; dried. grapes, 2%c. • m
NUTS— Chestnuts are 1 quotable at Sc per
Ib; Walnuts, . IS fie for hardshell and 6'<)7c for
Foftshcil; Almonds 2'^W3V.c for hardshell. s@6c
for softshell and 7ff?Sc for paper-shell: Peanuts.
4f?.",'00 for Eastern and 44c for California;
Pecans, 6".<&Sc; Filberts. S%<?i>loc; Brazil Nuts,
8©»o per Ib : Cocoa nuts. •$4 5005 per. 100.
' HONEY— Comb, ' 8«i0c for • bright and s<if7e
for lower grades; water-white extracted. 4%@
sc; light amber extracted, per lt>.
• ' l PROVISIONS.
The past week. has been a very dull one and
prices ■ have ! shown* no change whatever." • * ";\
CURED • M RATS- -Bacon, 9',4c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light ' medium, 10% c.for. for light, lie
for extra light and 12V2C for sugar cured; East
ern . sugar-cured - Hams. 10>,.;<@llc; California
Hams. We; Mess Beef, *1 per bbl; extra mess
do, $10: family «'i), $11^1-': Salt Pork. $'); extra
prime Pork, $10: extra -; clear, $1S: mess.' $16;
Smoked Beef, Il(t7l2cper lb. .." : -, . . :
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 7c » for .'pure; pails, 7%c:
California tierces, 5%c per lb for compound
and 6> c for pure; half-barrels,. 6%c; 10-lb tins.
• Vie; do S-Ib. Re. •" ;- '■■'•"■' - . . •'• .
("OTTOLENE—Tierce*. 6%<fr6%c: packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb- palls. 60 in a case. 8T«c;
3-lb pails. 20 In a case, Me! 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case. S%c;« 10-lb pails, 6: in: a :case.>B%r; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. "Tic: fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs, 7%c per '*>• r,-:
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
A few lots of the Spring clip of Wool are
coming In. but there is no market yet. Hides
ire running weak, and dealers are shading the
juotetlcns. There -is- nothing doing in : Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
ibout lc under the quotations. : Heavy salted
veers, lOiglO'jc; medium, 9@9%c; light, 9c; Cow
hides. 9c; stage, 6c; salted Kip. 10c: v.alf, lie;
Iry Hides, 16@17c; culls and brands, 13«13Vic; dry
Kip and Veal. 13^@14>^c: dry Calf. 17>£@19MiC;'
culls. 16; Goatskins. 30SI37'<>e each; Kids, s@loc:
Deerskins, . good • summer. 25@30c per lb; me
lium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
2O'S3Oc each; short wool. 40 70c each; medium.
70!®90c; long wools. 90c©$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3@3',&c per lb; No.
!, 2(5 2UC; refined, sc: Grease, 22 < I '-c. "
. WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective,. 7©
V: Southern Mountain. 9@llc. free Northern. 12
<t\?.c; do, defective. 9®llc peKlb. '
HOPS— crop. 2@6c for poor to fair and S@
10c for good; new crop, 11 14c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The feeling in Hogs Is. very weak. Mutton
and Lambs are steady, and Beef is firm.
Wholesale Vates for ■ dressed stock from
slaughterers are as, follows: ..
BEEF— First quality. 6Vi@7c; second quality,
s*4<&6c; third quality. 4®se per lb.
YEAL — Large, Gft7«Uc: small, 7@7'ic per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers,' »c; Ewes. BV4@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. lOftllc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. «H<H%C for large, 4>4c
for small and ■me for medium; -stock Hogs,
3@3&c; dressed Hogs, 6@6Uc.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta "Jrain Rags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin. $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay,
15 50; Wallsend, $9; Scotch, $10; Cumberland, $10
in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, $15: Cannel, $10 per. ton; Rock
Springe, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9;
Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
COFFEE— C..E. Bickford's coffee circular
contains the following: Our last report was
Issued on the 26th ultimo. The market dur
ing the Interval has been very quiet. • Washed
coffees of all kinds are at a standstill, and the
prices quoted, although marking a reduction
from former rates, are still largely nominal.
Buyers view these qualities as being too high
in comparison with unwashed coffees, and will
purchase the former only when their necessi
ties compel it. and then In the most sparing
way. The transactions in current unwashed
Salvador indicate some faith in the future of
this description, and the opinion grows that
present rates are safe for' liberal investments.
The New York market for Brazilians has grad
ually and steadily declined for both spot and
futures. To-day's stock consists of 5649 Costa
Rica, 192 Nicaragua, 6472 Salvador, 9379 Guate
mala and 1098 Mexican; in all, 22.790 bags, as
against 8817 bags the same time last year. We
quote: Costa Rica, 17@17»4c for prime washed,
14@15c for good washed, 16'517 1 ic for good to
prime washed peaberry, 16@17%c for good pea
berry, 13@15c for good to prime, 12@12Vic for
good current mixed with black beans, 9UQI3C
for fair, sH@Bc for common to ordinary; Sal
vador, 13@14V4c for good to prime -washed. 11®
12V 2 c for fair washed. 15@16c for good to prime
washed peaberry, S l «'?i9 l i i e nominal for superior
unwashed, 7%@Sc for good green unwashed,
12@12^c for good to prime unwashed pea
berry; Nicaragua, B@9%c for good to superior
unwashed, 12V 2 c for good unwashed pea
berry; Guatemala and Mexican. 16%@18^c for
prime to fancy washed, 14'?f15 1 for good to
strictly good washed. 12@13Hc for fair washed,
7'i?loc for medium, 5(J?6%c for common to ordi
nary, 16!?il7 ! ~jC for good to prime washed pea
berry, 12@12%c for good unwashed peaberry, 8
@9"4 c for good to superior unwashed.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6*4 c; Powdered, 6V4c; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners" A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 5%c; Extra C, 6%c; Golden C, sc;
Candy Granalated, b\c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes, %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, March 19.
Vlonr. qr sks ... 13.406, Raisins, bxs .... 89
Wheat, ctls 3.590, Straw, tons 32
Barley, ctls 3,000 Wool, tales 238
Butter, ctls 4S>4 Pelts, bdls 330
Tallow, ctls 234 Hides, no 640
Cheese, otls 26 : Powder, cs 3
Hay. tons 205' Lime, bbls 81
Beans, sks 332 ! Errs, doz 21,660
Potatoes, sks ... 2,44*! leather, rolls ... 237
Onions, sks 162 '■ Wine, gals 81,800
Bran, sks 2251
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 350 | Potatoes, sks . . . 387
THE STOCK MARKET.
Beyond a continued advance In Occidental to
$2 55 there was nothing new in mining stocks
yesterday.
In local securities Hutchinson Sugar sold up
to 47V4.
The Alhambra Mining: Company of Lvon
County, Nev., has levied an assessment of 6
cents per share, delinquent April 18.
The annual meeting of the Western Sugar
Refining Company has been called for
March 28.
The Elkton Mining Company of Colorado will
pay a dividend of 2 cents per share, amount-
Ing to $20,000, to-morrow.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
the regular monthly dividend of 50 cents per
sharp to-morrow.
'ill alirornia Vigorit Powder Company has
levleu an assessment of 50 cents per share, de
linquent April IS.
The Consolidated California and Virginia
output last week was six tons of ore of the
average assay value of $27 55.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March 19—10:30 a. m. .
Hid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
US Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 50 . —
4s quar coup.. — Pac Gas Imp.. — 90
4s quar reg..Ho — Pac L, Co 53 53%
4s quar .121%— S F G & E.. S9Vi 90
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3Vs 4 .
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 — Stock Ga5..... 10 —
Cal El 65......126VC — Insurance—
C C Wte 55...102V5— Firem's Fund. l9s —
Dup-st ex c. — 9SVi Bank Stocks—
E L& P 65.. 128& — Anglo-Cal .... — 67
F&Ch Rv 6s. — 117 Bank of Ca1.. 247 24SM:
Geary-st R Bs. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 104
HC & S 5%. -100 105 First i. at ....200 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 I>on P & A... 130 —
Do gntd 65..100 — Mer Kxchnge.. — 15
Market-st 65. .127 — Nev Nat 8...155 —
Do Ist M 55. 113% — Savings :;anks—
Nat \in 6s Ist - 100 Ger S & L..1623 1860
NCNg Ry 75.102>4 — Hum S & L..10E0 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 111* — Mutual Say. 35 40'
N Ry Cal 5 .. 102% - S F Say U.. 485 500
NPC R R 65.104£ — S& L. 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 55. 101 . — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co.ICOO —
I Oak G. 55. ..100 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d is 55.. — 111 California .... — 110
Om«Ry 6s 1274130 Geary 40 —
p&o 6s 110 — Market-st .... 52% a3V»
P&Ch Ry 6S.IOSV, — Presidio 5 8&
Powell-st 6s ..117V4 — Powder— .
I Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....115 —
i Sao Elecßyos. — 100 E Dynamite... 84 —
S F & N P~ 55. 106 106% Giant Con Co. 42Vi 42^4
ISPof Ar .104 — Vlgorit 3 3V4
I S P Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is csr 55.. — 99"* Al Pac Assn.. — -98%
S P Br 6s ...113 1 4114 Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
S V Wat 65... — 117% Hana P C 0... — 20
' S-V Wat 45... 102*4102% II C & S Co.. 31% 31%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103VJ Hutch S P Co. 47 " 47%
Water— . ' Mer Ex Assn. 90 — .
Contra Costa.. 58 62H Vat Vln C 0... — 7M
Marin Co ....SO — Oceanic S Co.— 58%
Spring Va1....101%101V4 Pac A F L... m —
Gas & "lectnc— Pac Bor C 0... 97V4 —
Cent Gaslight. 08V4 — _ Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL, Co — 13V4
Morning Session.
100 Oceanic Steamship, Co i. 58 00
2-". Hutchlnson S.P Co ..:............. 46 75
150 do; do 47 00
25 " do do 47 12>4
10 S F Gas & Electric C 0....... 90 00
5 do do 89 S7V&
70' do do ...: -. ..89 75
I $5000 Edison L & P Bonds 128 SO
165 Giant Powder Con 42 00
60 .' do do . -42 25
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar,' b 5.. 31 50
35 ~ do do 31 37V4
200 do do ■-■ ....3150
I 375 do «flo — •■ •••• 31 62V4
INVESTMENT BOARD. •-■->
• .Street—
50 Vlgorit Powder 3 12%
' 20 Market-street .-> .52 50
I 10 S F Gas& Electric 90 00
I 40 Hutchinson S P C 0......... 46 75
■ • , ' MINING SALES.
Highest prices of : stocks during the week.
Name of Stock. M. | T. | W. | T. | F. j B.
: . 1 I— —i [
I Alpha 5;,.7 8 8! S| ',
Alta 16 17 17 16 16 1:
Andes 10 10 10 12 „ 10, It
1 Belcher 26 26 25 26 25 :2;
i Best & Belcher 32 31 31 33 32! 31
I Bullion *..: 9! 12 12 10 .-» !
Caledonia '. 2?H 28 2S 29 28 %
Challenge 25 1 26 26 . 30 1 26 •25
Chollar ..: 37 53 56 53 48 *4(
Con. Cal. & Va..: 77 78 78 SO 78 7!
! Confidence 65 65 68 73 68 Ct
I Crown Point ........... 12 12 14 15 : 13 .i:
I Gould & Curry.......... is' 19 20 22 '19 O!
Halo & Norcross 1 50 1 40 1 40 140 1 40 1 ■»'
Mexican >...........:.... 2S»j -31 -32 •■ 32 "30 3"
Ophir 44 47 4. . 46 43 ■4:
I Overman ..".... ...;V.... 12; 12 M2I 121 12: ■It
Occidental .T. (2 10 2 20 2 23 2 35 2 45|2 X
Potosl .................;. I 37 1 43 45 45 411 4<
Savage ■...■.■......"....."..'. 23 '25 26 26 251 2<
[ Seg. Belcher ■...■;.:."..•.. 5 6.5 5 '-■ SV!
Standard ........: .... 1 70 ....!i 60! i6O 1 »
Sierra Nevada.........'. 1 or.il 0511 20 1 3011 id 1 2f
Union .........:.-....:.... ! .35! .331 38! 40 i 39 35
Utah',...;.:.....: •.. 1:• 131 ■ 111 11| ; 10! HI X
Yellow Jacket ......... I 24! 27 1 27 1 291 261 .2J
' Following: were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board; yesterday: :
j I ; Morning: Session.
100 Alta .;..'..'...;.."." lallCO Sierra Nevada.. 1 2(
! 100 Occidental ......2 55 1 100 Utah ...:........!(
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
! Board yesterday ' ' X>,
.■■ _.- Morning Session. . '
200 Alta .;16 200 Ophir ........... ,41
700 Best & Belcher. 31 150 ...... ......v..... 4;
4CO Bullion ......... 00 600 Potosl ..;.. 4*
400 Chollar ..:..: ;r. 45 200 Savage ■. . . ;-. . . . . . •"■; 2:
250 Con Cal & Va.. 76 250 Sierra Nev .:..l 17M
200 Crown ' Point ... 13 400 .....'. .'.'... ....:... l 1;
2CO Gould & Curry.. 19 350 .:.....'....." .r..l 12«,j
200 Justice .". 29 300 Union Con .:::.:>* 3(
100 Mexican. .;,..;-.: 30 300 ..r..r.'..-..-.. % ;;.... 3'
■ SO Occidental ' :.%.".. 2 55 150 Yellow Jacket... 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. March 19—12 m.
Alpha 07 OS Julia 01 03
Alta 14 16 Justice 2S 29
Andes 10 ll|Kentuck 02 04
Belcher 22 23iLady Wash .... — 03
Benton — IS I Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 30 31 1 Occidental ....2 50 260
Bullion 08 oH|Ophir 43 44
Caledonia 27 29 1 Overman 10 H
Chollar 45 4G Potcsi 39 4U
Con Cal & Va. 76 77 Savage 24 26
Challenge — 2S Seg Belcher ..03 Oo
Confidence 65 70 Scorpion 06 —
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra .^evada.l 10 110
Crown Point... 13 14 Silver Hill .... 02 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate 01 04
Eureka — 2.'. Standard 160 —
Exchequer .... 05 06 Union* Con .... 3t 3!>
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Utah 10 U
Hale & Norcrs.l 30 — Yellow Jacket.. 27 Zs
THE NEWEST FABRICS.
One of the prettiest and much-courted
fabrics is the old-time si!k-warp ba
rege, which, in mother's young lady
days, was the proper thing for party
gowns. They are shown in both light
and dark plain colors, and they come in
all shades, covered with rich colors in
flower patterns. The new challies are
extremely pretty in both design and
coloring. The dark blue, green and red
grounds, with satin stripes of the same
color scattered over, with white or
black polka-dots, are styligh, and will
figure conspicuously among the gowns
built for cool spring and summer days.
Though black taffeta has had a run of
several seasons as a handsome gown,
spring will see it as popular as ever,
and the trimmings of lace and velvet
ribbons represent a small fortune In
themselves.
Cashmere, very thin and light, poplin
fabrics and soft, light serges are to be
much worn, while canvas-cloth in fancy
weaves flourishes under the new name
of "Mouline natte." Transparent fab
rics are dazzlingly beautiful, some be
ing so woven as to have the appear
ance of being tucked crosswise, which
in grenadines, mousseline-de-soie and
chiffon is charming. Organdies are ever
new and ever old, and as each spring
season rolls around they are placed in
the foremost ranks of thin fabrics.
Black crepe de chine gowns are very
much in evidence, and are trimmed
with narrow ruffles of the same, edged
with tiny edge of black lace or a nar
row ruche of black footing. The waists
lose their somber effect by using bands
of open-wrought insertion which hsow
a bright colored lining. White lace at
the neck and wrists, too, adds to the
brightness of these bodices.
Watered silk, with large satin polka
dots, waved or pointed cross stripes
and disks, are shown among the newest
black goods.
Lace and net dresses are much worn
again, some showing a black lining,
while others are made over colored
silks. — March Woman's Home Com
panion.
NO CONCERT IN OURS.
New York Mail and Express.
There is something fantastic in the sug
gestion of a concert of European nations
to mediate between the United States and
Spain for the purpose of averting war.
Even if this Government were to agree to
such a programme Spain probably,
j wouldn't, Sagasta having already an
| nounced that she will submit to no for
! eign interference in her own affairs. But
i the European concert business is played
out anyhow, and the nations over there
have troubles enough of their own on
j hand to engage their undivided attention.
CHEAP MONEY IN THE WEST.
Boston Transcript.
Cheap money has .struck the Southwest
and the Clinton, Mo., Republican invites
the calamity-howler to make a note of
the fact that several counties in that
State have recently refunded their 5 and
6 per cent bonds at 3^2 and 4 per cent.
But the calamity-howler will not make a
note of any such occurrences, for they
do not harmonize with his howl.
THE CALL CVENDAR.
March, 1898.
Ho
We
2
Moon's Phases.
©Pull Moon,
Mar 8.
T
21
33
4
11
5
13
U
6
,8
—
15
I IT
29
16.
I 23
In
30
10
17
24'
31
!,<rLast Quarter
1<& Mar. U. ■*■
.—v New Moon,
i Vs/ ' Mar. 22.
»
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th. meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare ;
Island. Cal. .
■ A notice stating whether the time ball was ;
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, is !
published the same day by ! the afternoon j
papers, and by the morning papers the follow- :
ing day. ' ■ W. S. HUGHES.
■ - . Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey. I
Times an* Heights of High and Low !
Waters at Fort Point. . Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au- |
thority of the Superintendent. ■
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAECH-IS'JS.
~~ Sunday. March 20. ' .-
Sun rises - 6-13
Sun sets ;...8:22 \
Moon rises. —.. — ■■ 4: it;
2 4:31
22 !):10
SI 5:5 a
iHWI
24 i:M
2o «:4.V
jTlme
IL W
1 1 Feet
I
1.4 l'':4B
l.ii ll:3>
O.P 12:2
L W
5.4 8:31
| Peet fTlmej peet JTlme! peet
'L Wi iH Wl
bT\ 4:H){ i)J\ 10:48 5.4
b.t\ *j*\ 0.7 11:17 5.4
5.2 5:27] 1.1 1!:4:. 5.4
50| s:sSt| 1.6
H W| L W
0.4 1:20 i 4.X 6:31 2.1
! 0.4 2: 14 1 4.' 7:01 2.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of •he
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Sur.cy charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
and then the number giv.en Is subtraotlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plan of
reference ie the mean of the lower low water.
Ml. AMI US TO ARRIVE.
Steam Kit.
Weeott ....... Humboldt.... Mar 23 !
Burma .<......*. i N.uialiro*.... Mar 20 !
Mackinaw.....' ITaeoma Mar SO I
Valencia ...... Alaska::. ;...V...:v.'..... Mar
'North Font :mi moo id t ......' ...... Mar 2!) I
Columoia ...... Portland: ............; Mar 2"
Bristol ' Departure Bay ....... MarJTJ
Te1ric.":........' China and Japan..:.'..'.. j Mar 22
Santa K05a..... San Diesro Mar J.
C010n. :./.<.;..:. Panama ■..'..:..:.■;... |>l;r-.'
City Puebia.. U | Victoria ani Pugret Sound i Mar M
Cresceni City.. Crescent City. .............. Mar 39
Coos Bay- .... j Newp0rt......;....;..'...... I Mar 24 I
State qi Oai..";V i P'oruana •...;. ....v....;'... Mar .4
Homer;..:.. .'.."•' Hiimbodlt ............. Mar 2> I
Willamette. :..r Seattle."..... :'. ;...,.:.. Mar..)
Wellington :. . : . Ueuartnre 8ay.'..........*. M;ir2o_
Arena ......;.. Coos T'av... Mar2»*
Pomona Akn lnesro '...'.....•-'■■ Mar 2t»
Walla Wa11a... . Victoria ana.Pugret 5n0... . i Mar 2S i
STKAMI2KS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination- I • .-■■ Sails.; i Pikk. . '
Pomona.... San Diejro .'.".*.' Mar 20. 11 Am Pter 11, ' '
Arena Coos 15ay....'." Mar -'0. am I Pier 11 I'
D1ri5r0...... Alaska.;..'.'..: Mar <i»\i!pier 1
Homer..... Humbolot.... Mar 21.10 AN Pier <J
Samoa HuuiColtltT.'.'. Mur 22. It ami ..:.....;
'Wi-c0tt...... Humbiat Bay. Mar 22. :»asi Pier a
Umatllla .. Vie JbPftStiU Mar 22. Hi am Pier 9
Columbia.. ' Portland.. -.: I Mar 22.10 am Pier 21 i
China China&Japan. Mar 23. 1 rnlpM SS
.M0ana...... i Australia.... '. Alar: 23. 2 pm Pier 7
•NorthKork Huinboldt.'.'.. Mar tk »am Pier 3
Sam» HosaiSau Diesco — : Mar.'st.'ii am Pier 11
Valencia... Alaska .... Mar 25, 2 i»ji ........
Coo< uav..i Newport ] Mar 2ri. » A .M Pier H
State of Call Portland ...... i Mar 2fi, 10 am Pier 21
City Pueblal Vie & Piri Sna Mar - 27. 10 am Pier 9
Colon I Panama ..-.. Mar2B.i3eji r»M ss
Stkameu. Desti nation- I
Ml.« ;
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, March
lit. IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
; exactly at noon to-day—i. c., at noon of the
12i;th meridian or exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charite.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. .;-
ARRIVED.
Saturday, March 1».
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 66 hours from A»
tO Stmr Homer, Jessen. 24 Hours from Eureka.
Stmr Samoa, Johnson, 23 hours from EureKa.
Stiur -\rcata, Keed, 48 hours from Coos Bay,
via Port Orford 40 hours.
Stair Cleune, Walvig, 12 hours from Point
* Stmr Empire. Nelson, 55 hours fm Coos Bay.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen. 20 hours fm Lsal.
Schr Five Bi others, Johnson. 13 hours from
Bihlers Point.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen, 16 hours frm
Sch^La Chilena, Campbell, 8 hours frm Fort
Schr Thomas S Negus. McLure, 136 days fnn
New Haven.
CLEARED.
Saturday, March 19.
Bark Helen W Almy, Hogan, Prince William
Sound: Mohns & Kaltenbach.
Whal bark Andrew Hicks, Shorey, whaling;
J A Magee Jr. .
Schr Volante, Schroeder. Unalaska; California
Yukon Trading Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, March U.
U S stmr Oregon. Clark. Callao.
U S stmr Pinta, Gunn, San Diego.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, Tacoma. t
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
Nor stmr Titania, Kgenes, Nanaimo.
Bark Germania. Pearson, Seattle.
Bark S C Allen. Johnson. Honolulu.
Whal bark Andrew Hicks. Shorey, whaling.
Brig W G Irwin, Williams. Honolulu.
Schr Spokane. Jamieson. Port Gamble.
Schr Antelope, Anderson. Astoria.
Scnr Sparrow. Dart, San Pedro.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary E Russ, Jacobsen, Eureka.
Schr Sacramento, Forest, TillamooK.
Schr Parkersburg, Nielsen. Coqunie River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Mar 19, 3 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind W; velocity 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Emanuele Accame is chartered for wheat
to n.urope, 22s 6d; Cape Town, 255.
The Barmbek loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 32s 6d; Pass of Leny, wheat at Port»
land for South Africa. 4Ps.
SPOKEN.
Nov 29— 7 S 127 W, Br ship Galatea, henc«
Nov 3 for Hull.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 19— Stmr Del Norte,
from Dyea; tug Reli^ from Astoria.
Sailed Mar 19 — Stmrs Scotia and Cottage City,
for Dyea' ship Wachusett, for San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived Mar 19— Sch»
Ocean Spray, hence Mar '«.
KI'REKA — Arrived Mar 19 — Stmr Weeott, frq
Crescent City; schr Jessie Minor, from Sag
Sailed Mar 19— Htmrs Weeott and North Fork,
for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS— Arrived off port Mar 19— F»
stmr La Madeleine, from Puget Sound tor
HUENEME— Arrived Mar 19— Schr Esther
Buhne, from Eureka. _
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Mar 19— Schr Gen Mo
COQUIIJjE RlVEß— Arrived Mar 18— Sent*
Confianza. hence Mar 5.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Mar 19— Schr S Dan
ielson, hence Mar 13.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 19— Schr Allen A,
"GREENWOOD— Sailed Mar*l9— Stmr Whites
boro, for Port Los Angeles.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Mar 19— Sch*
Corinthian, for San Francisco. ■
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Mar 19— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar 19— Brig Courtney
Ford, for Unalaska.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Mar 19— Stmr Coquilla
River, for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Mar 19— Schr La Chilena,
for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Mar 19— Schr G W Wat
son, for Seattle; schr Annie M Campbell, for
Port Blakeley.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Mar 19— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
PORT "LUPLOW— Arrived Mar 19— Br stmr
Alagonia. from Victoria.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar 18— Stmr Humboldt,
GRAYS HARBOR— Palled Mar 17— Schr Em
ma Ttter for San Francisco; schrs Defender,
Pioneer and J B Leeds, for San Francisco.
Arrived Mar 17— Schr Roy Somers. hnc Mar 2.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Mar 19— Str Whites
boro, hence Mar IS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
P.TRKENHEAD— Arrived Mar 18— Br ship
Pinmore, hence Oct 27.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived — Br ship
Euphrates, to load for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Mar IS— Br ship
Drumalis. hence Oct 28.
CAPE S PA RTEL— Passed Mar 18— Br stmr
Teenkai. from Oregon for at Vincent.
ALGOA BAY— Sailed Feb 12-Bark Palmyra,
for Newcastle. NSW.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Mar 18— Br ship An
aurus. for Plymouth.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Mar 19— Stmr Alameda.
for San Francisco.
OCEAN. TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
w»^ - ■-■-''- ■ ' -Steamers- leave -. Broadway
v2s^BSiSk wharf. San Francisco:
**Bi*** l TgWfc For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
KTlflG^Kli March 2, 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. April
Ht/Mff Till 1. Transferred at Seattle.
IP*Mfcjifnßi For Alaskan ports (from
Spear street wharf), 10 a. m .
March 2. 6, 10. 14. 18. 22. 26. 30.
; ■-„ •_. 'H Transferred at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and .
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. March 2. 7. I
12 17 22 27, and every fifth day thereafter.* f
connecting at Seattle with company's steam- \
m for Alaska and G. N. Ry at Tacoma with
N P Ry at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
March 3. 9. 15. 21. 27, and every sixth day
tl For a 'santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cameos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
naviota' Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hu»name.
siin Pedro. Ea«t San Pedro (Los Anodes) and
N'ewDort 9 a. m.. March 2. 6. 10. 14. 13, 22, *,
10. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
rord (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Amreles and Redondo (Los Angeles), It
» m. March 4. S. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28. and every
fourth day ■ thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalen.* Bay. San Jose del
"abo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (Mex.), 10 a. m.. March 8.
£oril 3 and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the i right : to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
■ml >innr= of sn'itni"
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
U GOODALL.' PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agt,..
■ : 10 Market street, San Francisco.
'the 0. R. & N. Co.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE ''2 First Cl.-is* Including Berth
rAKE g 8 Second Clas>* and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California....... Mar. 2. 10. IS. 2«
Columbia ....Mar. 6, 14. 22. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern , Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to '
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fOJlwdiSfliP^ The S. B. MO ANA
via Honolulu find
• ff»«S">W Auckland for Sydney
y ™ Wednesday. March 23,
Q)]wl[lisrtiP C f,,r HONOLULU only".
iTZsnVftT)]!-. Wednesday. April 6,
;>O!|ipUlttj 2p. m. Special party
: Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
T S W D N -SPRECKELS a & BROS. CO.. Agents,
j. v. or^^*>- m Hontjomenr street.
Frelgth Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
• French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North <*«*
by this line avoid both Travelers <££££»
by this -line avoid both transit by
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a: small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class *160;
LA°CHAMPAONE ............March 26 10 a. m.
LA '.BOTTKGOONE -. April 2. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE April 9, 10 a. m.
LA. NOHM.VN'nIE -..April 18
LA GASCOGNE . — .-......-.April 23, 10 a. m.
• For further particulars apply to :
COMPAGNIE CENEKALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, ' Ajrent.' ' .
No 3.- Bowling Green. New .York.
' J. F. FUOAZI A CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. ■
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St. at 3
- . -.- ... v ■.. i. ■'■■ p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT HIM fcUvEU if TO 530 P M.
Accommodations* reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
inK through freight rates to all points on th»
Valley Railroad. .■•■••■ ... .
. ■■■*_■ . ■'--.; STEAMERS- . "
T. C. WALKER. . CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT. :.T.D. PETERS.
Telephone Main so;. \ Cal. Nay.and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJa
Steamer ** AlonticcMo"
Mon., Tui-.-.,  - a na &at........
!>:4.". a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex.-Thurs.)
Fridays ...... — — ... — .„ .'.l p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays V...-..."... ...... 10:30 a. m. and p. m.
Landing and "Of flees — Mission ■• Dock. Pier 2.
.... Tclejhone,- Red 2241.
for San Jose, Los (jatos& Santa Crtu
■ Steamer Alviao leaves : .fier 1 1^ dally - (Sundays
' excepted) ■at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5: p. m. i Freight and Passengers.
Fare i between San i Francisco and Alviso. 50c;
to San Jose. 1 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. UKorU
First street. San Jose.BOY`S AND GIRLS` PAGE
HOW JACK BECAME A HERO
I BELIEVE that I am just as dis
appointed as you will be. Jack, but
I must start to-night and I see no
other way than to leave you to take
care of poor sick mamma and baby
• Helen while I am gone. x Can you
do it, little man?"
Jack Everett was 12 years old. His
home was in California.. His grand
father and grandmother and many
other relatives live in New York State.
Mr. Everett had intended to take all his
family to New York for the summer,
but he was forced to go without them.
Jack had heard his father tell many
times about a bear that he had seen
when he was a boy. Jack had heard
that bears live a long time, and he had
determined t>> try to kill it should h<
ever visit New York. Now his father
was going aAvay and Jack could not
go with him. It seemed hard enough
to the boy.
He bore up bravely, however, and
went with his mother, the baby and
the nurse to the springs in the Sierras,
taking with him his 22-caliber rifle.
A mountain stream ran very near the
hotel and Jack caught some beautiful
trout. Mrs. P^verett declared papa never
did or could catch such beauties in the
Delaware for the very good reason they
weren't there to catch.
"If she praises me so for a few little
fish what will she say when I kill a
bear?" thought Jack.
It was a wild, mountainous place,
with tall pine trees almost touching the
sky. and huge boulders ■ and piles of
rock that looked like castles with ter
rible dungeons, such as they used .to
keep vris^ners in -Jong 'ago. It wasfrt't
hard to fancy almost anything in the
way of fighting and prisoners here, for
there were Indian arrow heads every
where. Certainly there must have been
either a great deal of game -killed here
or else a furious battle once upon a
time.
Under these circumstances nothing
was more natural than that Jack
Bhould play he was an Indian war
rior. He was fortunate enough to
phoot an immense hawk, and his
mother and another lady made him a
head-dress of the feathers that looked
exactly like pictures of tnose worn by
King Philip. The proprietor of the
hotel had a real Indian bow and arrow
and a real Indian necklace made of
hears' claws, both of which he lent to
Jack on the spot. Some wild berries
made the right color for a blood
thirsty warrior's skin, and when all
these thing's were on, and Jack as-
Fumed his fairest frown, any one who
paid he did not look like an out and
out savage didn't know what was
what.
He frightened Helen so that she
cried. Then he proposed taking her
upon the hill just In front of the hotel.
Nurse went with them to put up a
hammock for the baby to sit in while
Jack explored the neighborhood.
"Now, kape your best eye on the
baby, Mr. Injun, for it's a wild baste
lives in that hole under the rock, I'm
ihinkin'."
Mary laughed as she said it. She
THE BUMPKINS AND THE GRANGER TOGETHER PERFORM THE "HUMAN CANNON BALL" AND HOOP OF FIRE ACT.
BY H. S. J. BRECK.
didn't really think anything of the
kind, neither did Jack. but he
premised, and after he had shot an ar
row at a squirrel that ran up a tree
turnfd his attention to the rock with
a wild warhoop. "Woe to the pale
faces."
First he looked in the hole, which
was not very large but so dark that
he could see nothing. He took a long
stick and poked it in as far as he
could reach. Then he lookod aeain.
but not very carefully, or he would
have seen two glaring eyes.
"The enemy has Mown, the fortress
is ours." he shouted, not dreaming
of a fierce enemy that was just ready
to spring upon him and as a final
EAGER BOYS AND GIRLS
The interest among the boys and girls is at floodtide! Concerning
what? Why, the test to see whether the boys or the girls can get out the
better page of stories and essays. The suggestions are becoming so many
that several typewriters would be kept busy, night and day, acknowledg
ing them all, if that were feasible. But, of course, the young people do
not expect that. The great number of letters coming to hand in the past
week, if their writers were to be polled, would show that the following
points may be considered as settled.
The age of competitors is fixed at 18 years; stories are preferred to any
other form of composition; the limit of all stories is 600 words— and no
more; the -jury to decide .vhether the boys or the girl* are the victors will
include women and men — probably the four originally designated, and the
four will name the fifth juror. The time for the close of the competition is
still to be decided upon; but this should not deter the young writers from
sending their stories forward at once. Each story intended for compe
tition should be marked "competitive," that there may be no mistake.
Write on one side of the paper only and send your postoftke address.
There is room, this week, for only a few extracts from the many let
ters sent by young writers. Clara 11. Kennedy of Goodyear's Bar, Cal.,
writes: "The age of competitors should not exceed 18 years; the editor of
the Boys' and Girls' page should choose the jurors: it would be difficult to
choose the class of matter to be written, as some could write stories and
essays would be easier for others": Clara asks "whether any of the boys
and girls could draw designs for either page?" The answer is that good
drawings will be welcomed, but only a few could be used, the purpose be
ing to give as much space as possible to the writers.
Mary Tenney of San Francisco suggests "that there should be five
judges and these should be school principals, three women and two men.
I think that the judges should live in five different cities." How is that
idea — five school principals for judges? That is new.
Laura Jane Gray thinks that "every boy or girl who competes should
publish his or her' age. for that would be fairer."
Thaddeus Henderson wishes "that the girls might all write stories
about fairies and the boys write stories about wild animal adventures."
Next Sunday morning the date for closing the competition will be an
nounced. Sufficient time will -be given those at a distance to become
competitors, but it is urged anew that all the writers will help by being
prompt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
mark of triumph he shot an arrow into
the dark cavern.
In a twinkling out of that hole
sprang the wildest, fiercest little beast
you ever saw, with sharp pointed ears
and a snarling mouth; with cruel
white teeth, eyes blazing with anger,
and feet with long sharp claws. It
was a wild cat, and a big one, to<>.
Now, if Jack, the inatant he shot the
arrow, had not jumped to his feet for
the purpose of dancing a war dance
the wild cat would have sprung upon
him. Instead of which the first object
he saw was poor little Helen, a few
feet away in the hammock laughing
and clapping her hands with delight
at Jack's antics.
EDITED BY
DAVID H.
WALKER
Instantly the furious beast sprang
upon her. Just how Jack reached her
or just what he did, he never knew.
He had a dim recollection of screaming
and pulling and beating the cat, so
that it left Helen and attacked him.
His one thought was it must be kept
away from the baby because he was
taking care of her, but the snarling was
horrible, and the claws hurt terribly,
and he was blinded by the blood which
streamed down his face.
He tried to get his hands around the
creature's threat to choke it, and I
guess he would have succeeded, for he
was a brave boy. but at that instant
"bang" went a rifle, and both Jack and
the wildcat fell down on the ground
and rolled over and over. A minute
more a real Indian was bending over
them and helping Jack to his feet. The
wildcat was badly wounded, but not
dead, so another ball was put straight
between his eyes.
Strange to pay. the baby's wounds
were not very bad. Jack's were worse,
and the soars be will bear all his life,
but the Indian knew a plant that
stanched the blood. Of course, every
body in the hotel was greatly excited
and frightened, and everybody pro
nounced Jack a hero.
I think he whs, too, don't you? And
wasn't his tether proud o-f him!
No one could ever guess what was
the nicest thinK Mr. Everett could find
in New York for his boy, so I must
tell. It was an enormous bear skin,
the original owner of which was shot
just a few weeks before in the very
same spot where Mr. Everett had seen
one so many years ago-. Jack was sure
it was the same bear, sohecouldn't have
killed it if he ha.i with his father,
and every time h- tells the boys. about
his encounter with the wildcat he is
glad he didn't go.
THINGS TO DO,
BY ELLA M. SEXTOM.
Golden-hair busy with blocks and toys.
For a kiss I'm wooing and suing;
But he frowns and lisps In his baby way:
"Dere's too many fings Is doing,"
As he bends his dimpled shoulders anew
To that task relentless of Things to Do.
Scarce twelve months twain has the
baby known —
Faic, blossom cherished dearly—
Yet me" shadow of gloomy .are has crept
Into Love's garden clearly.
How boldly he grasps Eve's heritage, too,
That primitive curse of Things to Do!
'Tis the daily treadmill of iif,> for all.
Where we labor reluctant, sighing.
While "Work or perish" still goads us
on —
Stern mandate there's no defying.
So. waking we toil, and in dreams pursue
An endless procession of Things to Do.
"What joys we miss, and what halcyon
hours
These sordid tasks denying;
The rose ungathered. the sunset tints
Each night's unnoticed dying—
As weary we pace Life's dull round
through
In the merciless clutch of Things to Do!
Ah, the peace and rest of that Arcady
Our starved lives might be holding.
With golden leisure for book or song.
Or the' artist's dream unfolding!
And the joy of Life could \vt banish, too.
Grim Care with his burikn of Things
to Do!
LITTLE WISEACRES
OF THE GARDENS
BY MABEL .S. HERMAN.
Does it not seem strange about the
flowers — how they know when spring
comes to put out their tiny green
leaves? The peach tree has little
heads, small and round, called buds.
But some bright morr.njs yo > will wfllv
in the garden and you will see that
these buds have gone away and have
left their little babies all alone. These
babies are the prettiest creatures under
the sun. They are all in beautiful pink
dresses. And you would laugh to see
the busy bees at work going from
flower to flower.
It is strange about the buds and flow
ers. How the buds can burst open and
send out blossoms that always are
pink — never blue nor any color save
pink. It is a wonder that they do not
forget. I wonder if any one could
make a seed.
Let us hurry over and see how queer
the berries are. Why don't the black
berries sometimes forget and bear a
cluster of raspberries? And why do
the violets wait until after sunrise to
open? And when we plant a flower
and wish it to climb up a fence, why
does it not run along the ground?
Now listen. A pumpkin vine was
once climbing upon a fence. As I was
walking by I heard a sweet voice say:
"Little girl, do you wish to know how
the pumpkin on this vine grew so fine?"
The owner of this vine is a farmer and
he is very cross. So I make him happy
by making the pumpkins the grandest
in the world. People come from far
and wide to get these pumpkins. He
made lots of money, and I think I will
let the vine die.
But all of a sudden the stable door
opened and the farmer came out with
a gentleman to get some pumpkins.
As soon as the little fairy saw the
farmer she turned herself into a beau
tiful pumpkin flower and I ran away.
Another day I went to see the vine, but
when I got there I saw that the vine
was all dried up.
THE NAUGHTY KITTEN.
BY GRACE M. TIPTON.
The table is set.
And no one is there
• But pussy upon
The arm of a/chair.
Her eyes ope and shut
Like' grandpa's in church,
It's strange that she doesn't
Fall off of her perch.
On a plate near by.
The cake looks so nice.
Said she: "I must have
Just one little slice."
So stealthily now.
To get pome she goes
On the very tips
Of her velvet toes. .
Alas for pussy!
The slice is too big;
To eat it she'd have
To turn to a pig. .
It's only half gone,
She couldn't eat more; •
So she just leaves it
Down there on the floor.
Ten minutes later
The family came;
There sat Miss Pussy
Exactly the same.
Looking so peaceful,
Ten-lied high in the air.
Fast asleep on the
Smooth tftm of the chair.
LITTLE MISSIE
GOES A-FISHING,
BY EVA A. JONES.
Missie was a little girl who lived
down South on a plantation.
Missies joy. knew no bounds when
oi*e morniitg she found herself one in
a fishing party, and when given a line
and pin-hook she felt quite capable
of catching all the fish in the river.
But when the hook went down and
up, down and up without any fish,
and all around the lines were jerking
with the little fellows, her pride be
gan to fall.
Missie looked up about her. H«r
father, mother, aunts and uncles were
all walking away with long lines of
fish to the rampfire.
"Oh, dear; what shall I do?" thought
Missie. "Here lam without one. Sup
posing I am a little girl; why shouldn't
I catch fish the same as mamma or Un
cle John?" Down went the hook and
up it came; no fish. Missies heart
sank very low. The tears came 1 rick
ling down her cheeks. Hope had fled.
"What de mattah \»ia dis chile?"
said the black nurse at her side. "Bin
a fishen yer all dis yer mornln' an' not
a single fish. Po'r chile."
"Pray de Lawd, honey. He all'as
helps de chilluns out in times ob trou
ble."
"All right," said Missie very solemn.
"I'll try." So again she threw the
hook over into the sparkling river; she
did not see it, though. She did not
even see the little fishes splash up with
both eyes closed.
Then the eyes came apart just a lit
tle at first to make sure. And then,
oh, my, such joy as there was in that
party. For Missies fish was by far
the largest caught that day.
SEE THIS TRICK PICTURE
Gil It Out nl Folfl It to See How little Willie SmoM
His Papa's Gigar.
DIRECTIONS — Take the dotted line A a«d fold it over to line C. of course hiding from
view the space between the two lines and leaving the sheet flat. Then fold line D over to line
F, which conceals the space between these lines and "Unishes" little Willie in more ways
than one.
BRAVE TEDDY AND JIM.
BY HELEN E. WRIGHT.
DON'T you want to buy a gffbd
dog for the Klondike? He's only
a dollar!"
The voice was a pathetic one,
and more than one man paused
for an amused second look at the pair
that stood by the gangplank.
The boy was about 12, 'though so
small he might easily have passed for
a child of nine. He had a pinched,
worried little face, and a pair of bright,
eager eyes. A hat several sizes too
large for him and a jacket as much too
small, a pair of men's trousers that
might have seen years of active serv
ice before they were cut over, and some
tattered little shoes, from which peeped
the inquisitive toes, completed his out-
The dog had but half outgrown his
puppyhood. He was a cur. A coarse,
rough coat of no particular color, a
thick stump of a tail, poorly cut ears
and a lame fore paw rendered him as
unattractive a puppy as ever escaped
the poundman. But, in Teddy's eyes,
no blue-ribboned favorite of the bench
show was ever half so beautiful
More than one tear had splashed
down on his rough head that morning
at the very thought of parting.
"Oh, I Just can't do it!" Teddy
sobbed. "I just can't. And yet—
there's the baby—" „  , ,
"Jim's" warm pink tongue had licked
his little master's hand, and "Jim's"
soft, brown eyes had looked up, brim
ful of sympathy and love. And BO they
had come, these two, to the Pacific
street wharf, where a great steamer,
bound for Dawson City, lay tugging
at her moorings.
But "Jim!" Why, he had owned"Jim"
ever since he was a wee little blinking
puppy! He had shared his breakfast
and his dinner, and at night he had
cuddled with "Jim" in his arms to
sleep on the hard little bed! How could
he sell him? And »yet the little
sister was sick and somehow she could
not get well without a doctor. The
mother had had no work for so long,
and Teddy thought it all over and de
cided "Jim" must go.
From the lower deck came a chorus
of barks and whines from the poor,
homesick doggies. From the upper deck
greeting's and partings and last mes
sages from the prospectors, and, ming
led with all, the voices of the crew.
Still nobody wanted "Jim." At last all
was ready. The moorings were raised
and coiled, and amid cheers and the
nutter of handkerchiefs the big ship
floated slowly out of the dock, turned
and headed for the Golden Gate and
Alaska.
Singly or in groups the spectators
turned homeward, and only a few
stragglers were left. Teddy stood still
against one of the piles, where he had
been pushed in the last great hurry.
looking — looking! "Jim" whined and
licked his hand, but Teddy saw noth
ing but the vessel steaming away in
the distance. He strained his eyes in
the twilight tfil the last glimpse of her
faded, and then, with a little despair
ing cry, flung himself on the wharf and
sobbed his heart out, while "Jim"
whined in sympathy and leaned hard
against him, wagging his scraggy tail.
"Here, here, what's all this?" asked
a man's voice. "What's the matter,
little chap? Now, now; there, now!"
He was a big rough man, but he had
little boys of his own at home and knew
just how to manage them. Before lonjj
Teddy was rubbing his teaf-stained lit
tle face with a pair of grimy fists
and pouring out his whole story. One
by one bystanders gathered round. He
told them of the two little rooms he
called home; of his mother and how
hard she tried for work; of the little
sister who didn't get well, and how he
had tried to help, but nobody wanted
"Jim!"
He finished and more than one man
found there was something besides the
incoming fog that made his eyes grow
dim. A big man blew his nose vigor
ously and then took off his hat, "For
the little man and Jim," he said, and
they all understood.
Did you ever realize how it must feel
to be a millionaire? Well, Teddy knew
that night when they took him home,
for he had found in the warm hearts
of San Francisco a Klondike of his own.
3132
ANDY CLUNIE
WAS ROASTED
Attorneys Goodfellow and
Garber Tell What They
Think About Him.
Close of the Argument on the
Motion to Restrain the
Commissioner
The Official's Action Declared to Be
Arbitrary and Totally Without
Sanction of Law.
The two days' argument on the appli
cation of the foreign insurance com
panies for an injunction against the j
threatened acts of Insurance Commis- ;
sioner Clunie came to an end yester- J
day in the United States Circuit Court
before Judge Morrow. John Garber j
and Mr. Goodfellow closed for the com- \
panics, and incidentally roasted Mr.
Clunie for his conduct in attempting
to drive millions of capital out of this J
State.
They contended that the alleged law
under which the Commissioner pre
tended to act had been declared uncon
stitutional, and that clunie had been j
guilty of bad faith by threatening to |
revoke the certificates of the companies j
and then coming before the court by |
his attorneys and denying that he had •
bo threatened.
Mr. Goodfellow said that Clunie had
calumniated and sullied the fair name
of the State. His action had been
arbitrary and without reason.
"How can you expect," asked the at- ;
torney, "English capitalists to come j
here and invest their money to assist I
us in developing the natural resources j
of this State when they are told that !
the laws are administered in such a !
way that the Insurance Commissjoner I
is allowed to discriminate between cor
porations, favoring some and oppress
ing others?"
With reference to the statement made ;
by Clunies lawyers that he never in- !
tended to revoke the certificates of the
foreign insurance companies, thespeak
er said that if such were the case he i
could not suffer if the court should ;
grant the injunction applied for, which
was to prevent him from doing that ;
which he said he never had intended to ;
do. Clunie was simply resorting to that
course for the purpose of evading the ,
process of the United States Circuit i
Court, and of forcing the companies to j
pay an illegal tax to the State.
"He has made threats publicly," add
ed the speaker. "He has advertised all :
through the State through his organ,
the Examiner, and witb a degree of as
surance I have never seen equaled he
states broadly that the purpose of mak
ing these companies give new bonds
was that his approval of them will de- '•■
pend upon whether they will pay this ;
tax or not. His action is iniquitous."
John Garber closed the argument and i
said that as the State of California,
construing the decision of the Supreme j
Court, never imposed that alleged con
dition upon the companies, Clunie had ;
•no right to impose it. He could not
decide that question of comity. Clunie ;
could not place himself in the position .
r-f the State. The Pfate had already de
cided that matter.
By what warrant of law, he asked, does
Clunie say "'I will refuse to accept any
of your bonds; I will order you to
leave the State unh-ss you comply
with this condition," which is no con
dition at all? He would have no more
right to do that than he would have
to say, "Unless you pay me ten thou
sand dollars I will drive you out of the
State."
"On what ground can he make him
self the Legislature of the State of Cal- j
ifnrnia?" asked Mr. Garber, " and say
'I entact and declare that in addition
to what is said in the statute this in- \
Eurance compact is illegal, and unless ;
you dissolve it I will drive you out of !
the Stale?' Clunie has arrogated to !
himself the right to pass another law
and say 'Unless you do this I will drive !
you out of the State.' "
Judge Morrow said that he would !
render a decision in the matter as soon !
as possible, which would be as soon as
he could have an opportunity of exam- j
ining the authorities submitted to him !
by the counsel on both sides.
Clarkson Arraigned.
William S. flarkson, ex-foreman of the
rolling department of the Mint, was ar
raigned before United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday on the charge
of embezzling gold bullion placed in his
charge. He pleaded not guilty and was
allowed the usual time of five days in
which to change his plea should he so de
sire.
Clarkson's attorney moved to reduce the
ball from $5000, but the application was
refused.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jlSSfrx^ V Lochinvat
Sei^PflSBWW a?iV ' away with his
V I bride, did not
V^l*!?'?** I . love her one
--^ I particle more
l|a|^i|s3F>^V2X. devotedly
ffiwfc^atA X "N' than a thou -
/"*?■ «\ / san^ honest
tup rj //'/*■ story of truer
it ' manly devotion
am \m , than the "humble
W "* romance" revealed-
a _ by the , following
M "' ' letter from . Mr.
JjS Harry Chant, of 211 Haslcell Avenue,
• £g? Dallas, Texas.
" About fourteen or fifteen months ago
I was working with a gang of men and happened
to say to one of them. ' I hone it will not rain as
I have a big: washing to do for the children.'
The man said. ' What is the matter with your
wife? 1 "
" For years ray wife had been suffering from
what the doctors called prolapsus of uterus. She
was nervous, had cold hands and feet, palpita-
tion, headache, backache, constipation, a disa
gTeeable drain, with bearing down pains; noap-
rrtite. She got so weak she could not get around,
am only a laborer so was always in debt with
the doctors, and all for no good, as none did hrr
any good. We began to think that she was never
going to get well.".
" I told this man what the doctors said was the
matter with her," and he said " ' did you ever hear
of Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription '"" "I told
him no, but I had tried so many patent medicines
that I was tired of them all, and besides I did not
have enough money to pay the doctor and the
drag , store. •.. He said if I would get two or
three bottles and try them, and if it did not do
my wife any good that he would pay for the med-
icine. I went to the drug store (Mr. Clawber's
on Elm Street), and bought a bottle. The first
and second did not seem to have much effect but
the third seem -d to work like a charm. She ha*
taken in all about thirteen bottles and she is to-
day as stout and healthy as any woman in the
United States. This is not the only case. When-
ever I hear tell of any woman who is sick in the
neighborhood I just send the book and paper that
is wrapped around every bottle and that does the
business".'. I am no longer bothered about doing
my own washing and cooking, for my wife can
do it all in one day and never set/ms tired or out
•f spirits now." ■ .
{ Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure consti-
nation, promptly and permanently.
THE MODERN
HIGH SCHOOL
Pnotessor Brown Talks
of Its History in
America.
A Plea for the Introduction of
Debating Into the Public
Schools.
The Practice of Marking Defended
Against the Objections of Recent
Pedagogical Critics.
Professor Elmer E. Brown, in a lec
ture before a teachers" class at the
State University yesterday morning,
gave an outline of the beginning of the
modern high schocri. He said in sub
stance:
The high school is more characteristic
of modern times than were the grammar
school or academy. The first school of
the true high school type was the Kng
lish High School of Boston. '1 ne name
high school hart been used before, but for
Institutions that were really seminaries
or academies, rather than high schools in
the modern sense of the word. On the
other hand, many schools of this type
went by different names. The term
"union school" was often applied and is
often applied even yet. This name indi
cates the origin of the schools, which
were graded schools, resulting from the
union of school districts. As the graded
school grew out of a union of districts,
the high school grew out of the graded
system.
In 1821 Boston first had a system of
primary schools. Strange as it may seem
it ls hfstorically true that dear old Bos
ton had got well over into the nineteenth
century before she had a system of pri
mary schools, ln fact, all over the coun
try we have been painfully slow in estab
lishing a good system of primary educa
tion In 1825 Boston established a high
school for girl*. The experiment was
quickly dropped at the end of a year, be
cause "it was such a success. The school
during its brief existence was crowded,
and the school board saw that the ex
pense would be so great that they could
not afford the experiment. In brief,
the school was closed because it was too
costly, and It was too costly because it
was too popular.
Professor Brown spoke briefly of the
movement toward the establishment of
universities. He declared that this
1 movement was influenced strongly by
; the famous decision in the Dartmouth
: College case, in which the inviolability
! of a private charter was maintained,
and the principle of non-interference
by the State with private educational
corporations established.
T. L. Heaton defended the practice
lof marking in the public schools. He
said:
Marking has been much decried of late,
and largely, I think, because the practice
:is an old one. I believe that a thing is
not necessarily bad merely because it has
been done before, and I regard marking
' as one of the good features of older meth
: ods of teaching. It is often objected that
i the pupils should bo taught not to work
; for marks but for knowledge. True, but
is it true that the child cannot work for
: both at the same time?
Marking is the best way of indicating
to the pupil the teacher's approbation. A
certain American university vigorously
'■ opposes marking; yet in the register of
this university every professor has his
: complete list of honors and degrees print
!ed after his name. What inconsistency!
: Children, like older people, like to be glv
■■ en credit for what they do. Nothing indi
cates better than marking the extent to
which a pupil's work has bee.n successful.
Mr. Heaton strongly recommended
the practice of having debates in the
higher grammar grades. "A child," he
said "should have something to say
and be able to say it. Debating gives
practice in speaking and practice in
composition. It is best to begin by
having the debaters write out their pa
pers and then read them. Afterward
the pupils may be allowed to speak
from notes.
"The habit of arbitrarily choosing
sides is, I believe, a pernicious one.
Teach the children honesty; never
choose sides for the pupils, but let
them speak as they wish. Assign sides
at first, but as the pupils study the
question, if they change their minds,
let them change sides, and even if there
should be three on one side to one on
the other it is better than to Inculcate
dishonesty in the children's minds.
Not only should the language of the de
bater be criticized, but he should be
held down strictly to facts, and not be
allowed to make wild and unauthorized
statements that are so common in many
debating societies."
The speaker concluded by emphasiz
ing the importance of nature study as
a part of the public school curriculum.
"Nature study* has come into our
schools, and has come to stay," he de
clared. "It has come to stay because of
the training it gives and the knowledge
it contains. Nature study is not a fad,
and in the next few years there will be
a growing demand for expert nature
teachers."
State Superintendent of Public In
struction Samuel T. Black will lecture
on the "Public School System of Cali
fornia" before Professor Brown's class
In pedagogy next Monday morning at
10:20 o'clock at North Hall.
SUPREME JUSTICES DIFFER.
Conflicting Views Relative to a
Wife's Loan or Gift.
The Justices of the Supreme Court
handed down a decision yesterday, the
most striking feature of which was the
wide difference of opinion of those who
passed upon the merits of the case.
Jane Warren, the wife of W.» H. War
ren, brought an action against her hus
band to recover $6000 alleged to have been
loaned to him by her. She secured a judg
ment for the amount and subsequently
died pending further proceedings, and W.
H. White, the executor of her will, acted
in her stead. At the trial Mrs. Warren
established a prima facie case. Warren
introduced some evidence to show that
the money was a gift and not a loan. The
lower court Instructed tho jury to line! a
verdict for the plaintiff, holding that
while the. parties to the action were hus
band and wife, it devolved upon the for
mer, who claimed to have received the
gift, to prove that such gift was made
without undue influence on his part, the
presumption being that, in the absence
of proof to the contrary, such undue in
fluence was used.
Upon this principle of law as laid down
the Supreme Justices differed. Justices
Garoutte, Van Fleet, Henshaw, Temple
and Harrison, as a majority of the su
preme tribunal, affirmed the judgment of
the lower court, but Justice McFarland
wrote a dissenting opinion, in which he
held that "The court peremptorily in
structed the jury to find for the plaintiff;
and in my opinion It ought to have been
left to the jury to determine whether or
not the money sued for was a loan or a
gift. • • • The question here was
not whether a certain transaction was a
loan or a gift."
Street Railway Changes.
The work on the Eighth street electric
road Is expected to be completed in about
three weeks. The road will then run
from Market to Townsend street, and
will transfer to all cross lines. To-mor
row the steam road running from Stan
yan street to the ocean will be replaced
by the electric road, on which work has
been in progress for a long time past.
It is thought that the new line will be
in working condition about May 1, when
it will begin to carry passengers. In a
short time the San Mateo Electric Road
will begin the construction of a double
track from Guerrero street to Twin
Peaks, from where there is already a
double line running to the park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1898.
HALE BROS. . | HALE BROS. | HALE BROS. j HALE BROS. l___~- E -^*°**' -.-——
Easter Needs. | "SAN FRANCISCO'S MOST CONVENIENT SHOPPING PLACE." | Domestics.
— _— _ __ _. ■ • — = i
IK f fj/ t
m<mm ,4 \~W] The New Millinery Department Is Ready. JlfSitfil
until sold •':: Yard «> i^_^__^^l Under the management of MISS M. RYAN, late of Savate, Bret & Co., ♦! hand^ 'torn^ C mlrk 00 e 1 t- he most durable
embroidered hand ke R- * /*tv^vl V^^Vv tlie famous New York Milliners. She will be assisted by MISS IDA ♦ c 72x90 inches ........44c each
CHIEFS— A sample line picked | <J» ■ />^J&£&iv('T\£> > M KIRrHNFP oc I,«H +„'»»,»« -^i' ♦' 90x90 Inches ....50c each
up by an Eastern buyer. the |()l . t £ JWz^\CJ/ J\ M « KIRCHNER as head trimmer. . . • -
20c and 25c kinds; on the tables \ Ai\* <*" Xm£!&£SxxM 'J^^lA ' &$ I PILLOW-CASES, HEMSTITCH-
untiI sold Each ■ <«> >jffi3*S «T«^^ <t \^J) ■ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ <«> ED— Special attention to quality ]QIQ I _*
:^S^/K<& / - '' '•'■'■' ' X of muslin; 43x36 Inches. At *^52
fancy neck RiBBONS-Pure &tf> 6<i< W^/ Pattern Hats are shown from the leading fashion dictators of Hales Each
silk. Just the thing for ties and <$> ?(f mIS - . . . <§> -_ .. „ __. . _ 4 »v
scarfs, 3V4 to 4 inches wide, high Q^r* <:> m^ <s^2Hf rjATIIP I»TTT AXT T n^TnAAT » T PII7 \rrfc T\Tr <S> ( the V CurtAln department.)
sa 2 E? t \Z£rW ■' ; PARIS, MILAN, LONDON, NEW YORK. ♦ white crochet «*>.
W \?il^ \jf SPREADS— FuII si2P; hemmed;
,n Th rt e b£,r s££ a b « e^ S e S an d e^ lp fn 8 - f ' \^T ' Among the makers we notice ♦ S^S-^T-
bewildering abundance. J Jffl^ ESTER MEYER, MME. JOSSE, LINN FAULKNER, LOYS SCEURS, ■"'■♦ &S?£'i=^6;
II \I X' S CHEAT NEW DOLLAR -^j^J^kjtH -s. Pry Irirpe Jl "5 eacft
TWO-CLASP KID GLOVE- " " fcv?"^lS3£*^ 8 Hue Royal, Paris. 3 Boulevard dea Italiens, Paris. Par's. 229 St. Germain. T Imitation Marseilles ...$1 75 each
Took w^eks of CfLrcful t tiou^rht &> - > • ' ' ■
and experiment and selection to t 1 >^^ l We ask everybody visiting the store to see this new department. a> com'fart t er,'tor r £ v an^'n £ otton " fl
choose this glove, 'tis the finest -vvv- ** : *^ comforters for »1, $120 and $1 6t
we could get lor the money, per- <$£ <$>4,^.<s><§><j > <$,^.^> < j,4><s><^<S><S>-S>'»<s>'3><s'?>'3>«><^^><S><s>^>^>^><».^.<s.<S>^><J> «S»g><S>^ ♦♦■€>♦<$><» <S> ♦ ♦♦♦ <S>^ <S><^ WHITE WOOL BLANKETS-Not
J.'ect in fit and bubbling over Formal Spring Opening of the Cloak Department. ■' nnllri »uvu nu.i.xai/io •>»'
», &*£SOSHK Formal Spring Opening of the Cloak Department. «i«^^WgS
ereens mode slates new blue • r c 9 rer c o . f  , they're there or the price would«J*Q.6s
navy, 'pearl and white, the new <£1-00 j Twenty-five hundred feet ot our store has been given over to the new Wrap Department. Settees, Mirrors, Dress- be $4. Any blanket In the lot«P-^ — .
overs'eam patterns; ready tomor- 0 1 — ; ing-rooms. Choirs and general conveniences at your disposal. Make it a meeting place with your friends. The new until sold Pair
row • • Pair- I styles are in and on exhibition. Many exclusive models await the early buyers. First day to-morrow. (g ee the pattern hats In our New MU-
: '"'.'*'" ' *' - ---~~--^~^--^~--^~~-^-~---^^-~~-'n^w-~-~~-^-^^^^^-^^ linery Department.)
New Dress Trimmings. ' What the New Jackets Are Like. j The New Styles in . Ready=Made Suits. What the New Capes Are Like. . ™™ \£rZtt^W*7^i &<>.**
— — ■ . I The most fashionable Jacket Cloths of the j The fly front will be the most popular cut Silk will be the most popular material for bound; 62x80 Inches; easily taken **>*>-—
JS^^hr 1 " The neatest of the year. The Russian blouse, with Cose -pc J ™jy J« *J e «"S %^T&£?s£«*» *£?:
BLACK PANGLE~and BEADED ThTS^St 'SfA™ S 'SSd instead of hi e h collars. Short jaunty ef- R_- l^g CflrtainS f
BLOUSE FRONTS-On net.... the blouse front is becoming very popular. j min 2' J " scroll effects, predominates. The i fects are much in evidence. There has «*" .. IAIW WUi Will 2>.
••'••: -* 2 50 to $6 each Close sleeves with small puffs. Braid trim, sleeves are medium. Skirts inclined to be 1 been no material change in cloth capes. At w wt~^i m . ,» «i,. «..«
WHITE PEABL BLOUSE FRONTS, | £ ln £ s in oils a nd . ands m At the openlriK a trifle narrower. At the opening to-mor- | the openin to-morrow we will show the es f Tin the^ur£ln realm? Ou^ nlwlr
•'• ■ "*5 to $9 each 1 *°-£?!£ 00 _ w fp «"! be shown many excluslve row we will show the new effects from new capes at prices from arranged -department now ready-
1 novelties irom ,- Nottingham Bedroom Patterns, new..;..
WHITE PEARL YOKES $3 to $5 each j S3. SO UP TO 945 EACH. *3 TO $43 SUIT. £3 TO *23 EACH. ..........600 pair
■ : .r — , (3 .yards long.) ■ ■•,,.-»- ,- ;
COLORED SPANGLED AND BEAD- Nn-nr Clllr fi *atti A JfiOC tl n ~*~~l AT 4-* Cnmn Vnm l\i-ne-c RnnAc Nottingham Bedroom Patterns, new...'...
Ed blouse FKONTMn New silk (ireiiauiiies. ueneral Notices. Some Newness Goods. .............. .^.^^.^^.......750 pah-
sl^ d ya n rd 8 ) and bandS *° matCh> ?? t0 Slfk choice assortment of Fancy Changeable THE NEW The new catalogue is ready The new dress stuffs~~keep tumbling in It TH NEW"' FISHNETI)ESIGNS- fit <«>
»lA>.jaru.j Silk Grenadines just arrived, new greens, blue CATALOGUE and beine distrihutprt f r «. tn seems almost impossible to keep track of them. nSen border- very Dretty- fiT **?■* 5O
BLACK SILK LOOP EDGINGS AND X j and cardinal grounds, rich, c.e ant. fashion- the D f f - *Jn« «2325 i freeze , WSIS iTSVIJ'toTS? SS& -taTg,' S^ « $J^
GIMP " lOc to SUC >ara 42 inches wide , $3 00 yard or do not live In the city yourself, send us the j Among the new arrivals we note: ecru, decidedly new..... i*alr
BLACK SILK PASSEMENTERIE (It isn't necessary to pay more than Hale's i address and a copy will be mailed free. j A lot of 44-inch Corkscrew Twills at...n2syard IRISH POINT CURTAINS — C 0.25
60c to $1 50 yard prices.) • — a i°t ot . «" nc £ s "* Mixtures at. ... 100 yard yards long; ecru only; rich pat- «J>^—
____, -»___ A lot of 45-inch Silk and Mix- - , prn , i n P ip ean t dpqle-ns Pair
BLACK BEADED EDGING 5c to 60c yard I BLACK FIGURED rRF\ADIVES-An excep- THE NEW The millinery and cloak depart- \ turesat... ... ..' . . ..*". .... .°.° 90c yard terns in elegant designs i-air
BLACK BEADED EDGING.. 6o 50c jard tlonaliy choice line in last week. STORE . m ents are ready. We are rush- < A lot of 38-inch two-toned Jacquards MUSLIN BEDROOM CURTAINS t£Q.76
BLACK BEADED BANDS ; ,„„*„ to ihl .1 si •>- ii m and S2 75 vn.rd Ing the other work as much as possible and I at ... .................................... <oc jam —The latest designs in tamhour<l>^(
••--• -^1" 25C ' to $180 Yard 252 5 Incnll wldt: V 2 SW. **^ ITS* °— the * nU Z new annex Eh<lrtly - AKSaSSSKSIiJ^t?.^::: SSS^S effectB: 3% yards_b, L 47 inches.. .Pair
, , " T, , . . . , '• The front is being remodeled and new bazaar -- rr.n.T-.-«..r>T--r./-. /.itdtatx'p ■ »,/ s*. __- nn.
Bilk" yoke V ' Don't fail to visit the new Millinery Depart- constructed. We thank you for your patronage we ask particular attention to ' the window B^? b? 50 fnches wTde; b in % -ss—
ment. during these repairs. displays. net body, with lace insertion.... Pair
Don't fail to visit the millinery depart- • — . . : .
...TOTE... < Notion Snaps.
P I iHlpc an/1 fhilllrpn On account of the # crowd attending our Millinery opening yesterday we were unable to show
10l LaUiwS dim VllllUrcll. our complete stocks to many of the ladies visiting the department. Consequently, that all may be biac\c spool* cotton on a spool Tor lc° r
children's black cotton accommodated, we have resolved to continue the opening Monday and Tuesday. (There are m y ar^!_°. n ordinary spool.)
SCHOOL STOCKINGS— A strong . . _____ - - -, . , LADIES' HOSE SUPPORTERS— '"J r Q r »
school stocking that will stand |A r Cnprini ' ~~ ~~ :—:: — : : StlGCial Velvet grip, satin belt, frilled JO^
rough play, good weight, nar- »vw JUwtlUl. _; - _r=-^^=S=s^&s=s^*§^}s&s^^S»™m!:!l||l/M/////^^^^ U|»wv«*i« elastic, very fine Pair
row rib double knee..... Pair ' . r SBcS «^£ 7^^^W^ m^l«W'//M^^% ,VF VtT r C^'KK' WHITE PEARL BUTTONS-The - prop
V_\ "~ iri\~ *X a h^^ E t-V^^ • /:-JgJcr~S ' '**£. fes P t Bkt UIL. knocked from button prices, fine heavy
LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE __>_ ~ jt~^h*S^\ ~ == \jfr~ Ej^^ V_f_Tl '>r*32Z^^£^i=£=> J }>*H- white pearl buttons:
—Selected maco rtotton yarn. Iff ; Jjir^-r>??Y^~)/ ~V*y== i v?;y^=:'C;ivjT' , -....; \f± /sa^ ■ . ==r C- V £* JL ~^^-^ Line 16. Line 20. Line 22 and 24.
high spliced heelsT double sole ltJw . W /i.^V^y N \ \ - l^>S|=r y?< «^s| ■■- -fey.V /^ — -7—7 — - — • — :—: —
inkß-lfrulll -JSP-- ■( Lfl.. M wffljH '^i^ ' jj'Vl '4-QUART STRAIGHT Fine bb 8 °"- fi^ ed r^b*' .'d
Bp^cfal, eXPeCt . t0 P ' EL^ IAP1 AP< 2C 8t a r'r,; : iW? <{ yP/ ij I \e^r > l\^r ' \)lT^&-^iyJ^ enamel. special On sale, special-
sOc Each. BpS:...J. 37c KACii ; ■ "„- \ .» X .—/. — / •**» • 35c each. 48c Each.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The Miners' Association
to Give Legislation
a Boost.
More Old Mines Becoming New
and Great— Buying, Selling,
Digging and Finding.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the California Miners' Association
has been called by Secretary Julian
Sonntag for next week, to take Import
ant action In assistance of pending min
ing legislation in Congress.
The meeting was chiefly called at the
instance of Tirey L. Ford, who, as chair
man of the California and Trans-Missis
sippi Congress committees in a depart
ment of mines and mining, is very actively
interested In that measure. Word has
been received that Hon. Lafe Pence, j
chairman of the similar committee ap- j
pointed by the International Gold Min
ers' convention at Denver, who is in the
East, has abandoned the hope of the
miners securing a Cabinet officer to look j
after the industry, and is devoting his
energies to the next best thing, a bu
reau of mines in the Interior Depart
ment, with a Commissioner of Mines and
Mining at its head. The executive com
mittee, at its meeting, will decide
whether or not to likewise abandon the
larger measure for the present and join
in Mr. Pence's efforts. This will prob
ably be done. Mr. Ford has telegraphed
to Mr. Pence to communicate a full ac
count of the situation as it appears to
him, and this report Is expected to ar
rive before the date of the meeting. The
mineral lands bills and other matters
will also be considered.
A bill creating an executive Depart
ment of Mines and Mining was intro
duced by Congressman Barham in Janu
ary, but it slumbers in a committee
pigeonhole. To secure its passage
would be difficult at best, while a de
partment bureau would be more readily
given.
"I believe," says Tlrey L. Ford, "that if
we could have had two or three wide
awake men pushing it at Washington we
could have secureu a Cabinet officer. All
the Congressional representation from
this side of the Mississippi is for it, and
this constitutes one-third of the Senate
and an influential portion of the House.
The commercial interests are after a de
partment of commerce and industry, and
we might have got into the same wagon
by joining influence. If we can't get it
we would better take half a loaf."
The old Grizzly mine In Tuolumne Coun
ty, which has oeen reopened during the
last year under a working bond, has been
purchased by the new company bearing
its name, and is to be developed on a
large scale, says the Grass Valley Union.
The owners are mostly San Franciscans,
and at the first annual meeting of the
stockholders last week they elected as
president William C. Murdock of the
Commercial Bank; as vice president, W.
E. Brown of the Crocker-Woolworth
Bank, and as directors, W. H. Martin of
the mining firm of Martin & Ballard,
Otto Greenwald and R. E. Russell, in ad
dition to the officers named. At the same
time a contract was made with William
Sharwood for the erection on the prop
erty of a twenty-stamp mill, a hoist, air
compressors atid all of the necessary
buildings for the working of the mine, at
an outlay of 520,000. A new shaft has
been sunk In the Grizzly to a depth of 350
feet, and at the 200 level a drift has been
run a distance of 180 feet north to the
old works, from which, previous to 1872.
when the property was closed down, a
million dollars had been taken. The vein
is very strong ribbon quartz, eight feet
wide, which mailed $8 to the ton, while at
the 300 level similar results were obtained.
It Is estimated that the mine has been
sufficiently opened to run the twenty
stamps for three years, but. neverthe
less, the board of directors has decided to
continue the sinking of the shaft. Thus
far about $13.00" has been expended in the
rehabilitation of the Grizzly.
Further details regarding the fifty
stamp custom mill to be built immediate
ly at Barstow by the people of the J^*n«p
burg railroad :\r<- given by J. P. Nevins of
the Denver Iron Works as follows: ' Inls
plant, when completed, will represent all
features of modern appliances for quick
and perfect methods for handling ores.
The mill proper will contain fifty stamps
of 950 pounds each and have ninety drops
per minute, capable of crushing from 100
to 200 tons of ore per day. A system of
I twelve Frue vanners will be put in to take
care of all the tailings for concentrates.
Automatic feeders will be attached to the
motors, with the ore crushers above the
bins, making the process of handling ores
an economic feature. The power plant
consists of one Corliss 200-horsepower en
gine and two steel boilers of HX)-horst>pow
er each. The mill will be equipped with a
full electric lighting plant, the wires ex
tending to all parts of the camp. The mill
is about 1000 feet from the Mojave River
and on the railroad. The mill will con
sume about 200,000 gallons of water each
twenty-four hours, which will be supplied
from wells In which water is obtained at
about twenty-four feet from the surface.
The company Is now sinking, wells in
which an abundance of water is found.
The plant, with sampling works, crushers
and rolls, will Vie ready to run about May
15. The plans of the company are so ma
tured that they expect to treat $7 ore.
which will i.ri.vc a lasting be»efit to
mines around Randsburg."
A notable mining suit, known as the
Morse-Heinze case, is now being tried in
the United States court at Butte, Mont.
Of course the issue hinges upon "extra
lateral rights, •' that wonderfully fruitful
source of long decisions and big lawyers'
fees. The Western Mining World enter
tainingly comments on the case as fol
lows:
"While the views of thirty odd experts
as to the geoiogy of this section, with
its veins, zones and ore bodies, and the
fantastic gyrations of our innumerable
dips, spurs and angles, will prove of more
or less interest to mining men, it Is a
lamentable fact tnat expensive and long
drawn-oui. litigation promises to become
one of the principal industries ol this
city.
"The present suit is to be followed by
others, and these unfortunate disagree
ments will hardly be settled before the
crack of doom. Millions are involved in
these cases, and they represent the con
tests of giants. When the United States
Supreme Court shall have finally dove-
I tailed all differences into a definite ex
j pression of justice there will have been
a wonderful contribution to the mining
literature of the world. As educators the
litigants will have rendered invaluable
service to mining men. not only in the
matter of mining detail as brought out
by expert testimony, but in the greater
and broader sense of teaching them to
settle their differences outside of court."
All over the mining regions of the
State are districts to which attention is
\ turning in an effective way for the first
time and in which mining develop
ment is just beginning. From out-of-the
way corners of mining counties come fre-
q uent tales like this from a correspond-
I ent of the Democratic Banner of Sonora:
"There is quite an interest taken in min
ing in and around Blanket Creek. Sev
eral parties, with a view of bonding, have
been around recently. Land & Burchard
made a clean-up in their arastra and
I their ore went $30 per ton. This will be
| a surprise to many to think $20 ore has
been sticking out of the ground until this
! late hour. This is a section of country
that has not been prospected much, and
in fact, is very little known of in min
ing circles. It is a true mineral belt, or
a spur from the great east belt, running
very nearly east and west, connecting
with the east belt near the Buchanan
j mine."
The Schaffer mine, near the Providence,
Tuolumne County, is giving evidence of
great value. The vein is five feet wide,
the gold appearing exclusively in the
sulphurets, which assay $1600 per ton, ac
cording to report.
Reports have been frequent enncern
i ing the splendid character of ore en
j countered in one of the Snell group of
mines, Tuolumne County, operated by
John T. Newcomer. It is reported that
the ledge suddenly widened and from
! milling tests made runs from $270 to $300
per ton.
The Eagle Bird mine at Maybest, Ne
vaiiu ('.unity, lias finally been transferred
I to an English syndicate, which has taken
! possession. Of this mjjae the Grass Val-
I ley i. nion says: "In the past history
! of the mine as much as $200,000 has been
! offered for it and refused, and very late
\ ly an important strike of very rich ore
has been made, crosscutting to the vein
j on the sixth level, proving the exten
; sion downward of the richest ore chute
and adding at least $50,0u0 in value to
the mine. This property will surely again
take its place as one of the lep.ding pro
; ducers of Nevada County, as the new
: company will spend much muney In thor
oughly prospecting it."
A $20,000 pocket is reported to have been
I unearthed in the old Washington mine at
French Gulch, Shasta County, In which
i deeper development has" been going on
: recently.
The Silver King Mining and Milling
I Company, which owns silver properties
near Calico, San Bernardino County, has
collapsed. Last week a judgment for
$11,500 was given by default, and eighteen
liens still lie against the property.
It is given oui that the Argonaut mine.
I Amador County, will declare its lirst divi
dend of 10 cents a share, amounting to
$20,000. This is from the profits of the
I lirst three months' run, after paying all
i expenses, including the cost of the mill.
At the Crystal Peak mine, Butte Coun
ty, twenty-five men are employed, and
the ledge is now from six to seven feet
! wide, and is very promising.
Very rich rock has been struck in the
i Miller mine, in the vicinity of Powelton,
Butto County.
Howard Avery and Pembrook Murray
of Enterprise, Butte County, have bought
the Bright Star and the Litttle Monarch
mining claims near that place, with the
] two-stamp mill.
A Chicago woman has gone into mining
in Amador County with bold enterprise,
and as though she knew her business.
The Amador Ledger says: "A complete
new deal has been effected in regard to
the Bellwether mine which augurs well
for the north end of Jackson and for the
town. Tuesday night Mrs. Mary J. Hep
burn, widow of the late John W. Hep
burn, came from Chicago with her at
torney, Edward Logan Reeves. The deal
was completed in Judge Davis' office on
the folowing basis: The purchase price
in the mine was $98,600, $2600 being paid
to Mr. Bright In cash Tuesday evening,
and the remaining payments to be made
in accordance with an agreement now on
record in the County Recorder's office,
but similar in terms lo the one previously
held by the Bellwether Mining Company.
Mrs. Hepburn and her friends intend to
immediately open -he mine in a system
atic manner and to open the shaft to
develop it, instead of taking up further
time with surface developments."
William H. Myers recently bonded his
mining claims In El Dorado County, for
merly the Lloyd properties, to F. H. Hall
of San Francisco. Mr. Hall and others
i have filed incorporation papers for $1 000 -
I 000, and $5000 has been subscribed for de-
I velopment work. Mr. Hall will be general
I manager and R. A. McPherson superin
tendent. The Incorporation is the Hall
Consolidated Mining Company.
A. M. Drew has bonded two Tuolumne
County mines, which will be developed.
One Is at Tuttletown and the other near
Groveland.
At the Morning Star gravel mine the
company has sixty-live men on the pay
roll. The Morning Star has been one of
the largest bullion producers of the State.
I The dividend for March was No. 87. The
I main bedrock tunnel is now in consider
j ably over 4000 feet. The gravel is crushed
| by a ten-stamp mill, which runs steadily.
About a hundred cars of gravel are mined
during each twenty-four hours. The Jan
uary cleanup from the Morning Star was
on exhibit at the recent Mining Fair. It
weigheVl 1555.94 ounces and was valued at
125.754 70.— Colfax Sentinel.
The Jupiter Consolidated Gravel Mining
Company, which owns one and one-half
i miles of channel near lowa Hill, will be
gin active development work within sixty
days.
Benjamin A. Buckxnan of Placer County
has sailed for Korea, where he will have
! charge of some of the gravel mining op
; erations for which J. Sloat Fassett of
New York has secured large concessions.
According to the Democratic Banner of
Sonora. the Big Oak mine, situated in the
j Groveland district, is showing up to the
pleasing surprise of the Tuolunane Devel
opment Company. This company is com
posed of Fresno capitalists, and N.
W. Moody is president. The vein is of an
enormous size and yields gold free and in
sulphurets.
! Actual construction of the Stockton and
' Tuolumne road is promised to begin at
Stockton within a few days, and the pros
pect for success in this enterprise which
will moan a good deal to the mining in
terests of a large section grows brighter
daily, 'i.ie first section will be bunt to
Copperopolis, and the reopening of the
large copper mines there and the develop
ment of other mining properties will soon
follow. A similar stimulus will be given
to the east belt of the mother lode in
Tuolumne County when the line reaches
its final destination.
The Echo of Angels Camp, Calayeras
County, contributes this item of mining
progress: "Air. Baumhogger, owner of
the Great Western mine in this town, in
lurms us that he is now making prepara
tions to add five more stamps to nis mill,
making the full capacity ten. He also
states that the ore in the mine is get
ting richer as developments are made,
and that the vein increases in width as
depth is attained. Recent explorations
have made it necessary to increase the
present milling facilities. The last clean
up was immense."
The Red Dog hydraulic mine, Nevada
County, which recently secured a permit
to operate from the California Debris
Commission, is now running at full
blast behind its restraining dams, and it
is reported that nuggets "as big as hens'
eggs" are being taken out at times.
It is likely that the California mine, |
which is situated four miles from Gran- I
iteville and seven miles from Washing
ton, will soon pass to the ownership of
an Eastern company. The present own
ers are Colonel Tozer, Charles D. Lane
and others. They bonded the property
some time ago to a New York syndicate
represented by Dana Harmon, the re
ported price being $50,000. The bond was
to have expired on the 10th inst., but an
extension to the Ist of April has been
obtained. Under the superintendency of
Mr. Harmon there has been expended
about $100,000 in opening up the property,
and the operations have been attended
with the best results. A magnificent
mine has been developed. The ore de
posit is very large and of good quality.
It is expected that in the spring thirty
more stamps will be added to the ten
now in use.— Nevada City Transcript.
A deed of a mining claim has been filed
in San Bernardino, wherein Gay W.
Brown of Los Angeles, for the sum of
$25,000, conveys to the Colorado and Cali
fornia Mineral Development Company a
number of borax placer claims n the
Brier mining district in Salt Wells, or
Salt Lake Valley. San Bernardino Coun
ty There are about thirty claims, locat
ed in a territory embracing 5120 acres of
been absorbed by the Engineering and
Mining Journal of New York The an
nual output of slate in the Lnited States
is worth $3000.
During 1597 the quicksilver exports from
San Francisco included 3890 flasks to
Mexico anil 1445 flasks to Central Amer
ica' In 1596 3000 flasks were exported to
China, but none were sent there in 1597.
The mining interests of Southern Ore- '
eon are suffering with California from i
the lack of rain. According to the Ore
eon Aiming Journal the mining sea- j
son in Southern Oregon has so far been ;
a source of great disappointment to the
olacer miners. The present weather is
unprecedented within the memory of the !
oldest inhabitant. There have been dry
spells before, but not such a long spell
of dry weather as has existed for several I
months There will yet be some rain;
hut hardly enough to guarantee half the
amount of gold usually yielded by the '
sluice-boxes.
Start any number of prospectors into
the hills of Southeastern Alaska after
quartz claims and at the end of two
years the average discovery valuation
will exceed ten to one the average sack
of the returning Klondiker. And ere long
people will begin to find this out.— Alaska
Minintr Record.
Applications for hydraulic mining per
mits are now pending before the Call
fornia Debris Commission as follows:
From John E. Burton, in the Green
Mountain mine near Mokelumne Hill,
Calaveraa County, to deposit tailiners in ]
Chile Gulch; from the Harville Mining '■
Company, in the Harville mine near !
Placerville, El Dorado County, to deposit
tailings in Martinez Creek; from A. B. !
Jacks, in the Badger Hill mine, near
Spanish ranch, Plumas County, to de
posit tailings in Spanish Creek, and from
the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
Company, in the Star of Plumas placer |
mine, near Buck's ranch, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in a ravine.
Sent to San Quentin.
Edward Wilson, convicted of burglary,
was sentenced by Judge Cook yesterday
to five years' imprisonment at San Quen
tln. Wilson, who is a m«re boy, was re
cently sent to the Whittier Reform School
temporarily, but proved an incorrigible.
Unhappy Married Life.
Mary Yeaton has begun suit for divorce
against Charles H. Yeaton on the ground
of extreme cruelty; Emma West from
Ernest West, same ground; Anna Sachs
from Alphonse E. Sachs, failure to pro
vide; Nellie Richards from William Rich
ards, desertion; Anna Hansen from Ber
nard Hansen, desertion; Rose Bestel from
Louis Bestel, failure to provide.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE CREDIT HOUSE." 4
Six Stories Hij£h. «
Upholstered spring x
seat corner chair in jj
birch-mahogany — quite i
ornamental for a vacant T
corner or hallway $3.50 j
Triumph folding bed; big enough X
for two; strong, serviceable, space- ¥
5aying............... $7.25 «
A place to write, refer to books and 1 ■
keep your papers ;- combined book- «
case and writing desk, highly pol- X
ished. solid oak, lockabie drawers, ad- *[
justable shelves .$8.50 ££
Rough - usage couch; imitation ]
leather ; serviceable; just the thing
to lounge 0n.... $3.9j
CARPET DEPARTMENT. «
Axminsters, velvets, body brussels, «
moquettes, tapestries and ingrains. A X
complete line for the most exacting *p
taste. «
Smyrna rugs 18x36; either side X
serviceable ; various colors and de- x
'. signs.. ....': ......"- 65c «
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
i 233-235-237 Post Street. V
Near Stockton. Open Evenings. 6
: :—: — - — — — ■ r— ——r — :
Badway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
Sore Muscles, Cramps,: Burns, Sunburns,' Back-
ache, Headache, Toothache. Rheumatism.' Neu-
lalgia. Lumbago. :■■ Internally ... for all Bowel
Pains, Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
liorbuß and Sickness, Nausea, - etc. 'All dru* •
data. '■— '■ :.•'■-■■.;.-■■ .■.».-....;..
*- . •