VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 110.
GENERAL BARNES OPENS
THE REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
Great Assemblage Greets
the Orator at Metro
politan Temple.
Some of the Fallacies of the Popo=
cratic Doctrine Laid
Bare.
The Republican State campaign was opened in this city last evening
by a mass-meeting at Metropolitan Temple. The speaker of the evening
was General W. H. L. Barnes, than whom there is no more eloquent orator
west of the Mississippi River. The building, which has become historical as
a rallying point for politicians, was filled to overflowing with an enthusiastic
audience, and it is estimated that more than a thousand people were turned
away. In his address General Barnes discussed at length the issues of the
campaign, and paid particular attention to the principles represented by
Judge Maguire and his motley following. He also took occasicn to pay his
compliments to M. H. de Young and his political ambitions. The presiding
officer of the evening was Hon. Horace Davis.
Had Metropolitan Temple been twice its
present size it would still have been too
•mall to accommodate the crowds that
applied for admittance there last even
ing to greet General W. H. . L. Barnes
cuid assist In the opening of the Repub
lican campaign In this city.
Every available seat in the building was
occupied an hour before the time set for
the appearance of the speaker of the
evening, and long before S o'clock every
tittle and passageway was filled.' From
7:2u o'clock until the time when the audi
ence was dismissed there was never a.
moment when late-comers could gain bo
much as standing room in the Interior of
the building — a fact that presented an
agreeable contrast to the empty benches
t»j wnich Jucge iiafct;ire talked in the
hi me building one week ago.
The address delivered by General |
Barnes was everything that was to be !
expected from the man who enjoys the
reputation of being one of the most brii
llant orators in the United States. ! Ho
paid his respects to Judge Maguire and
put his estimate upon the principles
■Which are represented by the Populist-Sil
ver Republican-Democratic nominee for
Governor; he laid bare for the benefit of
his auditors the absurdities of Maguire's
single tax theories and the "initiative and
referendum" for which he and his party
stand sponsors in deference 10 the wishes
and beliefs of their I'opullstic brethren;
he called attention to Maguire' s socialis
tic and anarchistic beliefs and his utter
a/icea or. those subjects in the national
Coi.gress; be made pointed reference to
the perennial ambition of M. H. dc Young
to be elected United States Senator, and
declared that that gentleman had .'». per
fect right to have such an ambition, but
he should come out and make his fight
In the open and not attempt to achieve
his desire by underhanded methods and
Without the consent of the people of the.
State whom he aspired to represent.
■ ral Barnes also took occasioji to
r*fi-r to the groat national questions that
have such a vital interest to the people
of the Pacific Coast and which have
grown out of the war with Spain. His
that thi.s country shou:d
a foot of ground won by
our military and naval forcr-.« was greeted
with such v storm of applause as left no
room for duubt as to the sentiments of
I who made up the assemblage.
Hon. Horace Davis presided over the
ir.ieting. In Ling the meeting to order
lie expressc-d his belief that such a mag
nificent gathering was an omen of vie- j
tory for the Republican cause. He said ;
that two years ago other gatherings of
a similar nature were held by the men
of the party and the result was that on
election day the Republicans of the State
and of the nation put their foot down on
Isms of all sorts and declared for the
protection of American industries, honest
money and William McKinley. He de
clared that a vote for Gage and Neff was
a vote lor the same principles and the
same men that have brought the nation
out of the chaos in which it was left
by the administration of the Democrats.
Mr. Davis then Introduced the speaker
of the evening.
The ai pearance of General Barnes was
the sig:al for applause, and cheers so
long continued that it was several min
ut>'a before the speaker was permitted to
make his voice heard.
Prior to the Introduction of General
Barnes the California Quartet, assisted
by the venerable Samuel Booth, rendered
several patriotic songs, which were so
well received that the singers were re
called again and uga.n.
Several scores of prominent Republicans
of this and other counties occupied seat»
on the platform, which has been beauti
fully decorated with flags and bunting
a.nd large lithograph likenesses of Henry
T. Gage and Jacob NVff. Among those
who occupied seats on the platform wero
the following named vice-presidents ot
the evening:
T R Bannerman, W. C. Johnson. Emll
BaU'-r ' A 3. Lownde*. V. W. Sumner. C.
A Hooper G. I. Drucker. James Gllleran.
J Q A. ' Haven. J. It. Hodson. John
ifnniirh I J. Truman, John J. Mahoney,
Thomas Morton, W. H. Smith, A O. Booth.
■Murk Drummond, J. M McLachlaji.
■rh'arlcs Webster. C. L. Haskell. Ben Gold
imttb A W. Scbtt, A. P. Van Duzer. Dan
Kw«ney Martin O'Connell, L. X Motto.
I J Conlln Thomas Butler. John D. Daly,
A Bouvier! W. A. S. Nicholson, W. C.
L, , A c Buckingham. Julius Morris,
w S Duval, W. C. Johnson. J. H. Cul-
Jlr a Botsford. Georpe D. Graham, J. N.
VounK Robert Ash. W. H. Davis. A. H.
BroSn EdwaVd Pollitz. G. R. Fletcher. K.
T liorinplly A. G, Hawes. George A Pope.
5: H Jlowbry/H. C. Bunker, J. P. Fra*er,
r" I Taylor Albert Heyer, K. R. Samuels,
O ti -Wallis. M. Hart, W. D. Richardson.
IB Cogswell. John Cook. Charles Mc-
LauphlJn K. J. Molero. F. W. Van Ueyno-
Mo'rcan Backus, James A. Green. P.
? GaJlMhcT C C. Bemts. C. S. Benedict.
William Clufe A- Mcßoyie. W. \V. Shannon.
A L Hart R. D. Faulkner. C.K. Boneat«ll,
D j: Murphy. Robert A«h. Walter Slack.
I J. Truman Jr., W. M. Fonda, R.
WieAeke, T. M. Ferguson C B. Currier.
A. W. Wllcox. R. H. Brown, D. C. Bmith^
C. C. McDougall. Philip T. Brown. F. F.
Ames. F. A. Hide. « H. Mitchell. Davis
The San Francisco Call
Louderback, Duncan McNe«. Charles V.
Pierce. Charles Havens, H. Williamson,
Henry M. Saunders. W. 0. Banks. W. J.
Derrick, P. A. Bergerot, Dr. P. J. Cowan,
O. F. Willey, T. W. No. an. J. E. MaJlory.
James E. Wolf. James A. Damon, A. J.
Turner, George B. Memam, N. H. Burn
ham. A. E. Oranpner, Charles Metzner,
Denis Jordan, H. Brotherton. P. Barblert.
L P. Weil, S. J. Hendy, O. H. UmbMn.
Oscar I>-wls. M. F. Taylor, L. C. Hendry.
E. C. Palrr.erl. P. T. Morgan. C. B. Rode,
Harry F. Chase. C. H. Mayers, I. Zeller
bach. J. P. M. Phillips. Frank K. Spencer,
K. T. Lampe, Andrew Wllkie, John J. Bea
ton. H. C. Firebaugh, F. A. Malotrettl,
George A. Raabe. F. E. Kiuiwle.s. Peter
Crichton. J. B. Gonyeau, XV. F. Johnston,
C E. Crelghton. William M Abbott.
Charles F. Kinsman, 8. H. Kent, J. F.
Klley. B. D. Pike, M. Coney. John J.
Mahoney. John Dolbeer, C. W. Taber, Jacob
J^vi Jr., Tlicmu" M. Colerran, It. l-a>dun,
C. M. Kinn«. Aug-ust Schumacher. O. : L..
Blair. J. J. Gullfoyle. W. Dod«e, Milton K.
Babb, M. H. Shepurd. G. W. Bayr#uther,
D. W. llcNeill. Captain Gunderson, W. H.
Schooler. Samuel Hamilton, J. J. Moran,
V 1' Clary. H. Ralston. J. Wentwortli, W.
M. Fletcher. W. E. Slew art, E. H. Lotjcens,
S. K. Thornton, Kdmond L. - Schlagt»l,
Thomas H. Bates, A. C. Bauer. F. Arota,
J. P. Le Count. I* M. KfUoirg, J. .W.
Wllcox. H. M. Gray, A. Gerberding. E. P.
Barrett. W. R. Morton. : John Whltllngton,
C. F. Tway, A. O. Hagedorn. C. A. Merrill,
Parson Nichols. C. H. Kendrlck, Matt Arn
old. Gus Johnson, F. H. Powers. H. P.
Sonntag, S. H. Brown, J. B. Cole.
Follow Republicans and ladies and gen
tlemen: Oh Wednesday night last in
rtrtj-. j«. — , rt this building was
' ' ' ' ' another gather
5 Ing. but oh. how
< different: It was
impossible to say
* In looking at that
> audience how
t many Democrats
* there were among
wv/wwvivtwwx/w them, how many
Populists and Socialists and how many al
leged Sliver Republicans. The sheep wore
not separated from the goats. And they
sat together In apparent harmony, not
fighting for the triumph of principle, not
struggling for the maintenance of some
great system which should make this
State and this nation wls«r and better
and happier, but to win a political vic
tory. The nominee of that party Is a
gentleman whom I have known since his
first rise into politics, about ISSO. and I
have followed . his course with interest,
but with difficulty. (Laughter.) He is
a multiform intellectual structure. (Re
newed laughter.) He has been on every
side of every question and now he is on
all sides of every question at onco. (Ap
plause and laughter.)
1 have none but kind words for Ma
guire. Ido not desire to Indulge in the
libel of language any more than I would
If I had a newspaper indulge In the libel
of print. 1 do .not believe a party was
ever helped by caricature. Ido not be
lieve a party was ever assisted by libel.
No good man was ever hurt by it; no
bad man was ever made any better by It.
(Renewed applause.) And so in consid
ering the questions that we have to de
bate here to-night 1 propose to follow the
zigzag course, sometimes like the light
ning, and sometimes like the clouds that
conceal it, through his career' as politi
cian and statesman until we 11 ml him to
day demanding the suffrages of the- im
perial State of California.
The platforms of these parties have all
been before you. Some of them you may
have read, and others you may • have
passed by. The first and most remark
able declaration of the Democratic plat
form la that It affirms the principles of
Thomas Jefferson. He flourished nearly
100 years ago, and there has not been a
single Democratic President since to
whom the party could point with prido
or with glory. They stop at Thomas Jef
ferson. (Laughter.) They have nothing
to say about Andrew Jacjrson, nothing
about President Polk, nothing about poor
old James Buchanan, and. of course,
naturally enough, they have nothing 10
say about Grover Cleveland, although lie
Is the only Democrat In the United States
that has had the individual magnetism
to save the party twice from wreck and
ruin. I do not wonder at that. It is a.
sorry story for the American people, the
administration of Grover Cleveland. Ho
was a brave man who had the courage
of his convictions. He was serious and
earnest when he believed the proper
course for the external and internal com
merce of this country was to be open
and free as air, and that we should hay»
nothing but taxation for revenue only.
He believed in the Wilson-Gorman bill,
and saw this country hourly growing
weaker, Its finances becoming exhausted,
Its manufactures stopped, its farm pro
duce reduced to nominal values, and pov
erty, want and misery stalking over all
the land. He left it with revenues so
impaired that the country was obliged,
through him, to borrow In a time of pro-
A Word
About
Maguire.
WHAT A VOTE FOR THE TICKET MEANS.
Auote for the Republican candidates means an indorsement of the National Administration—
an administration that, under the guidance of \A/illiam McKinley, has proceeded with such
gigantic strides that this year the balance of trade in our favor will very considerably exceed
one billion of dollars.— General VA/. H. L. Barnes, in a Speech at Metropolitan Temple.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
found peace, J2.60.000.000. Perhaps It la in
reference to that that the Democratic
party objects to any moreinterest-bearing
bonds. I should think it would.
But how is It with us? Is there a sin
gle one of the long list of illustrious men
who since the ad
vent of the Re
publican party to
power in ISGI has
spread its galaxy
of names before
the American
people, each one
beloved, and
when we call
their roll it
seems as though God has sent upon this
people so many grand names that they
might light the arch of the sky and make
it burn and blazon with illimitable and
eternal fire. (Great applause.) Lincoln,
Grant. Hayes, Garfleld— the long list of
the great men of our nation, ending with
the present President— fit to be placed
side by side with the lovers and apostles
of liberty; with men of broad experience,
great judgment and perfectly pure patri
otism, that will make their names live
when even the name of Thomas Jefferson
will be so forgotten that the Democrats,
if they live so long, will have a platform
and won't remember what they have got
to refer to with pride. (Laughter and ap
plause.)
As between the Democratic platform
and that of the Republican party adopted
at Sacramento, .uere are very few dif
ferences. Each platform supports the
foreign policy of the administration. If
they believe that William McKinley has
conducted the foreign relations of this
country with integrity, ability and great
wisdom, why don't they vote for him?
Why do they stand aside and fail to say
to him in the only way they can say it.
"Well done, good and faithful servant"?
(Applause.)
They know very well that nothing but
praise would go down to-day with the
American people. The nation would just
as soon endure a slight and an Insult to
Dewey of Manila or Schley of Santiago as
to William McKinley. (Renewed ap
plause.) ■ .
They condemn the policy of the Gov
ernment In raising war revenue. They
always objected to that. There never was
a. bill of Republican revenue with which
they did not fled fault. And yet, fellow
citizens. if you will follow their speakers
through ; this, 'campaign, --'aJthouFh.. th^y
will denounce ttic' action of the Republi
can majority in Congress in levying rev
enue for the purpose. of defraying the ex
penses of the war. they won't lay their
finger on a single item of It. because they
can't. There has never been a revenue
measure more fair, more <ust to all the
Interests of the entire nation—that-pro
tects as much the poor and has levied as
much upon the rich 'as the revenue hill
which Is now In force, and which within
the next year in all probability will pay
the expenses of the war. (Applause.)
Our friends of the Democratic party, un
iikc the Republican party, have nothing to
say for the old soldier. It has no memory
for him. But we have, and we say that
the men who fought the battles of the na
tion are entitled to protection, and to pref
erence, where other things are equal, to
all sorts of public employment, (Ap
plause.) ,
That has been the doctrine of the Re
publican party and it is Its cry to-day.
Like ourselves, the Democratic party is
in favor of the construction of the Nicar
rt«nn«ArtArt* ll)at we are unlt .
r> <-k nrt /\ a i*t it *. t i, a t we are unit
ed, and that is the
policy of the Re
publican party, to
build the Nlcar
aguan Canal— to
out off that long,
tedious, terrible
Journey that our
ships of war
must take in order to reach one side
or the other of the continent— fel
low citizens, the time Is coming, yea, the
hand is knocking at the door that will
make It necessary for this nation to pro
tect Itself, not merely from those that lie
across the Atlantic Ocean, but from those
who are dismembering the Empire of
China. They agree with us, then, that
the Republican policy in regard to the
Nlcaraguan Canal should be fully carried
out. They why don't they sustain the Re
publican Administration?
Their platform differs from ours In that
we approve of the acquisition of the Ha
waiian Islands and taking them Into this
government and nation as an outpost and
defense for it. They say nothing about
that, and It Is well they do not. I would
like to see the Honorable Stephen M.
White and the Honorable James G. Ma
guiro—and I pause to say that I will not
call him "Gallagher" because he says his
name Is not Gallagher, and although he
spent fifteen or twenty minutes here the
other night in tellling the audience before
him what his name was not, he did not
undertake to tell them what It really was.
But whatever Mr. Magulre's name may
be It would not do to mention his name
in connection with the Hawaiian acqui
sition, because from first to last he ob
structed all legislation upon that subject
and was at all times, like his distin
guished friend from Los Angeles, our
Senator from the south, bitterly opposed
to the annexation of the Hawaiian Isl
ands. And yet when they learned that
the Niearaguan canal was absolutely es«
sentlal to the safety and protection of
this nation they knew as well as they
knew anything else that the necessary
outposts of that line — that its outward
defense was the Hawaiian Islands. They
told us that there was nothing to be
gained by acquiring the Hawaiian Isl
ands, and what has been accomplished In
those islands is a strong lesson and an
illustration to us. The same thing they
say with reference to the Philippines, al
though in their platform they way they
hope that subject will be thoroughly In
vestigated, and leave it there. They hope
that It will be dealt with In a way best
for the Interests, of the republic. I don't
believe there is a Republican in the Unit
ed States to-day, who really values the
growth and the power and the majesty of
his country in the face of the world, and
even those people there whom we have
undertaken to protect and defend from
themselves as well as from Spain, but
thinks that we ought to hold every foot
of those islands. (Applause.) .
It is a very few years ago— nothing In
The Record
of the
Republicans.
Favor the
Nicaragua
Canal.
the lifetime of nations— the Ha
&00000600Q Wallan Islands
ij were occupied by
fT precisely the sam«
O race of people
>■• that now exists
* in the Phillp-
O pines. The na
n live Hawaiian,
««««««*««§ i %rz mp A
vmmvvm*.v<-»<j | g o j c pure
Malay type, and they were living in a
state of absolute barbarism. There were
all the features ■ we so much talk
about In the Philippine Islands as a rea
son why we should not take them. They
tell us about the Philippines— that there
are storms there; there are monsoons
there; there aro earthquakes there. What
is there in the Hawaiian Islands? . Just
the same sort of savages they talk about
— Christianized somewhat since 1545. ' Yet
a handful of Americans, a mere handful
In comparison with the population ,if
those islands, have turned it into a com
mercial center: have made the islands
vastly productive, and have held them
open for the broadest and the widest cul
ture. There are colleges and schools
there, all the result of American mission-
jGreatChanges
Taking
| Place.
ary labor. There is education: there Is a
great deal of refinement, oven among the
natives themselves. It is true that the
Chinet>e am) the Japanese have done the
most of the manual labor in the Ha
waiian Islands, just exactly as the Chi
nese and Japanese are doing H to-day in
tho Philippines. And the islands them
selves—each one Is a necessary part of
the possessions of the United States, In
view of what is going on in the dismem
berment of Asia and the taking posses
sion of those countries, and of tho people
against whom we have been defending
ourselves since the very origin of this
Government. Isn't that true? Do you
suppose it is for fun that Russia is build
infc a railway 5000 miles long across Si
beria? Do you suppose it Is for fun that
she is building a branch railway down
through Manchuria to Port Arthur? Do
you suppose it Is for fun that she is
planning to build a railway across, con
necting with the great city of Peking?
Do you suppose It Is fnr fun that she has
fought the Knglish out of the charter for
a railway connecting both the great
streams of China and getting down to a
point where, when the time comes, they
will be ready to above the English army
and forces out of Shanghai and Hong
kong Into the sea? Do you suppose she
Is spending $2,000,000,000 for fun? They are
intending to dismember those great coun
tries. And there will be a division be
tween them. And why? Because they
want those countries for their trade. The
whole contest of the world to-day Is for
trade. And America has now entered the
lists. She is no longer a nation of farms;
she Is no longer a people who cannot
manufacture what she needs for her own
consumption. Her ability to produce Is
vastly In excess of her capacity to con
sume.
The changes that have been made with
in, the last few ; years are prodigious and
v - astonishing In-
stead of the bal
ance of trade
being against the
United States. It
is for it. Since
the inauguration
of William Mc-
Kinley this has
proceeded with
such erijrantic
America
Must
Expand.
strides that this year the oalance
of trade in our favor will very consider
ably exceed one billion dollars. What
does that mean? It means that the
American mechanic, tho man who builds
everything, from a birdcage to a steam
engine, with his skill and Improved ma
chinery can build better machines and
sell them cheaper, even at the high wages
we pay our laborers and mechanics, than
they can build them for themselves. It
means that our vast granaries in the
GENERAL W. H. L. BARNES,
Orator of the Evening
in His Various
Attitudes.
Northwest can supply out of their sur
plus more than enough -to food the ■world.
It means that the.* money. of .this earth Is
coming to this country. It means that
the time will como when they will com
bine against us to prevent the extension
of American commerce and | American
ideas. And the war with Spain is but the
bare twinkling of the coming day in com
parison with that which some even of the
elder of those here present will witness.
Thank God we have taught the world a
lesson. Thank God they have 'learned
that the South was not conquered - but
brought home. Thank God that they
have learned that we did not need a for
eign war to spring up the. spirit of dis
union in the United States. But that now
and forever it Is a united and indissoluble
people, standing breast to breast and back
to back to fight either side of the conti
nent whenever the time comes. (Great
applause.)
But they tell us we can't assimilate the
Philippines. I don't know that we can,
and I don't know that wo want to: but
let no man . say i that | the digestion of this
country is not far greater than * that of
any: other nation on the -globe, for we
have assimilated, and digested and made
good American citizens of over 50.000,000 of
heterogenous population since 1820. gath
ered from the four quarters of the globe,
from England to Java. ;'■
The Philippines is a splendid territory, i
with vast capabilities for production, with |
ability to produce just what we need—
OQOOOOO.ODD gSSh^Sf-JSt \
nets of the trop- i
lets. I heard the i
other night a dis- J
tinguished gen- i
tleman say that j
It would cost the j
United States
$30,000,000 tomaln-
Philippines
a Splendid
Territory.
tain government In Manila, and right on
the heels of that came a dispatch from i
General Otis saying they did not need any
financial assistance from the Government
because the duties collected there upon
the goods that even now were admitted at
the port of Manila were paying the entire
expenses of the army there.
Our friends of the Democratic party
want this suhject investigated. We will
have it investigated, and it will be inves
tigated by those who believe in the annex
ation of the islands.
T honor the prudence of the great states
man who sits at the helm of our ship of
state. I honor the prudence and care and
patience, the seeming reluctance with
■which he plunged this nation into war. as
I admire the way in which it was carried
on when it was once begun. And he is
coming to the conclusion, as I believe he
has already instructed his commissioners,
i that it is impossbile for us to partition
I those islands with any power on the face
I of the globe, that they ean"t be half Span-
I tsh and half American: that the genius of
I our country cannot stand side by side with
I the miserable caricature of government
! that Spain has presented to the world for
j the last 300 years. Is there any man In
Amerlon who believes in giving up one
single inch of that soil beneath which He
| rotting the remains of one single Amert
> can soldier who gave his life to plant our
glorious flag In the piace of that nasty
: yellow ragr of Spain? Never! Therefore
every man who believes that we should
I hold those islands as a fair prtre of war
should vote for the Republican candidates
for State officers this fall In California,
I quite agree with what Mr. Davis
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
said here to-night, that every vote for
rv n n aaa ArtA the Republican
ticket means an
indorsement of
the national ad
ministration, and
every vote cast
against it means
a i condemnation
of it. What 13
vvvvvw • « •m m the Republican
thinking of who calls himself a Silver
Republican, or who can vote for Maguire
because of the silver issue? That Is as
dead as anything by possibility can be.
That question was submitted to the peo
ple of this country in the last election
and was passed upon. The success of,
the Democratic ticket in this State would
not enable this Government to put stiver
on the par of gold at the ratio of 16 to 1,
independent of the consent of any other
nation on the face of the globe. It would
not move them toward it at all. But
these gentlemen who talk so much about
the condition of these foreign countries
will remember perhaps what regret was
expended upon the blessed portion of the
land in which we now live by the great
statesmen of the time when California
came into the Union.
Now here is something I am going to
read to you:
A Little
Ancient
History.
Fifty-nine years ago last spring Daniel Web
ster in the course of an auaress to iiis fellow
Senators opposing the plan to organize an over
land mail service to California ;aid: "What d<*
we want with this vast worthies* urea, this
region ci savogtM and wild beasts, of deserts,
01 shifting saiuls and whirlwinds? To what
use could we ever Dope to put those great des
erts or those endless mountain ranees. Im
penetrable and covered to their bases with
eternal snows? What can we ever hope to do
with the western coast, a coast of 3UOO miles,
rock bound, cheerless and uninviting', with
no harbor In it V What use have we for such &
country? Mr. President* 1 will never vot*
one cent from the public treasury to place tha
Pacific Coust one inch nearer Boston than it is
to-day."
That was . the view of the greatest
statesman of his time. We know how
every inch of the territory that has been
acquired by this Government has been,
met with opposition, resistance on the
part of very many thinking men, who
believed the constitution of the. United
States could never be stretched over so
vast a territory without cracking and
going to pieces.
When Thomas Jefferson, favorably
mentioned. 1 am happy to say, in the
Democratic platform adopted here the
other day, purchased tne Louisiana terri
tory of the French Government from the
Emperor Napoleon tor fifteen million and
odd dollars that great genera, and con
queror laid .down ■ his pen and said, "I
have this day signed a decree which will
make the United States the rival of Eng
land." And yet on our own soil Mr. Jef
ferson was abused, lampooned even by
the people of his own party, and it was
with difficulty mat he could obtain the
necessary appropriation to acquire that
splendid territory that until recently has
been supposed to include all of our north
west territory from -Washington • to the ■
Gulf of Mexico. How was It in 1819, when
we took from Spain the Floridas? It was
attacked on every hand as an unneces
sary act. How wats it when we annexed
Texas'* The voice of half of the Ameri
can people were protesting against it. and
that magnificent empire, so rich and fer
tile, filled to-day with between seven and
ten • millions of American citizens, came
into the Union : more strongly resisted
than any other ' portion-. of this country
has ever come. And when under the
treaty of Guadaloupe Hidalgo we bought
from Spain the land in which we now
live, Including Nevada. Utah and Arizona,
men like Mr. Webster- thought that coun
try was such as 1 have described it to
you. .
They tell us that the Hawaiian Islands
are 2100 miles away from here. And yet
... — .:..-........-...' -^ Mr. Seward in
IT IHC! purchased,
■» right at the
5 close of our
*. enormous civil
■* war, in which we
> spent three thou
.. sand million dol
' /\ r\ r\ -v Ay* yi- <*> *% £ ' ' ars> the territory
QQ<3 f Alaska for
seven million dollars, and the peace and
happiness of the old gentleman's last
days were greatly impaired by the abuse
and ridicule and libels to which he was
subjected by the American press for pur
chasing a country that could only be ap
proached through desolate and stormy
seas that were ice-bound and perilous.
To-day, while we bought it for seven mil
lion dollars, we are getting twenty or
thirty million dollars a year from it, and
just as soon as American enterprise and
experience of American miners shall have
traced its glacial deposits to their centers
and shall have found the mother lode,
Alaska will give to the world more than
the world has ever yet produced. And
Mr. Seward got It for seven million dol
lars. Therefore I say that the lessons
of history to us are that these territo
ries, wherever we can acquire them hon
orably, are valuable to the American na
tion in extending its commerce and
throwing out its outer defenses. The
Democratic platform says that they
hope that thing will be investigated.
It will be done, out their statesmen will
treat it exactly as they treated the ac
quisition of Hawaii— light it to the last
hour of recorded time.
Mr. Muguire the other night did not
point to his record on the Hawaiian ques
tion. He did not point to his record to
anything in particular, and we will call
attention to it here to-night. He accept
ed a position on two platforms. Is he hon
est and earnest in so declaring? He
agreed in writing to support the platform
of the Populist party in this State this
year, which platform ratified and con
firmed the Populist platform of the last
Presidential election. Democrats don't
do that. They were willing, for the sake
of victory-, to carry Maguire, but even
the worst of them couldn't stand the
Populist and destructive doctrines that
are entertained by those people. !
He agreed to stand by and use all his
Influence if he should be elected Governor.
I — -.-.--->-. - v -ft for ; what they
S call the initiative
w and the referen-
Gt dum. Those are
-. two big words,
w and as Mr. Ma
5 ' quire said about
n the use of the
T terms anarchistic
. „. —.. - ... V and. socialistic —
which I will speak of presently because
they didn't know anything about it, but
thought it meant something nasty, so I
will say of the Initiative and the refer
endum. We know that in government It
means something . confusing and exceed
ingly nasty. The wisdom of our fathers,
upon which this nation has grown to iti»
present magnificent dimensions, was
Founded upon the doctrine of representa
tion and upon the division of the parts
of government under three great heads,
the executive, the legislative, the judi
cial. •;
It is proposed by those who favor the
initiative to practically do away with the
legislative portion of the Government be
cause they say your Legislature may
meet, it may be however well selected,
however thoroughly made up of men
whose business it is to consider these
propositions, but hold that it is the right
ana they don't say of how many — but It
is the right of some indefinite number
to be. hereafter ascertained, to prepare a
measure of legislation, send it to the Leg
islature, demand that it shall be passed
to the extent that It shall be referred
back to the people, and the people shall
vote upon it, and when voted up it shall
stand until again It shall be sent back
to the people. That Is the initiative.
Referendum means that when the Leg
islature has passed any law. no matter
what, and when a certain number of peo
ple shall have considered that they want
to pass upon it themselves, they shall ad
dress a petition to the Legislature, all
its work shall be undone, and that par
ticular law shall be sent back to be voted
upon, and If voted upon negatively shall
never again be presented to the Legis
lature foe its action: if voted upon favor-
j
Valuable to
the Americans
Nation.
Maguire's
Two - Horse
Hiding Act.2
ably, shall never be disturbed by legis
lative action until a second referendum
Bhall determine that it shall be modi
fied or changed. Gentlemen, if there Is
on tho face of. this earth an avalanche
of human stupidity it is contained in
those two words initiative and referen
dum.
Now suppose that every time we have
a two years' election there Is an Initiative
, and a referen
dum for a dozen,
' twenty, thirty,
i forty different is
sues that are to
' be passed upon
. by the Legisla
ture, who is go
ing to under-
I sts t ft n d them?
iVould Cause
Great
Confusion.
They all need study. They need debate.
That is what we have Legislatures for.
And yet the proposed candidate for Gov
ernor says, not to the Democracy, be
cause business men In the Democratic
party know It is arrant nonsense, to the
Populists that he will do all in his power
as Governor of this State, if elected, to
bring about this condition of confusion
and turmoil and irresponsible action.
Fellow citizens, that Is enough for me.
I would never vote for a man who could
honestly say that he was in favor of the
initiative and referendum.
More than that, the Populists, whose
platform Mr. Maguire stands upon, al
though the Democratic party ignores it.
Is in favor of the Government of the
United States issuing irredeemable money
In unlimited quantities, according to the
needs of the people. And four years ago
the National Populist platform declared
that It was the duty or the Government
to Issue to every man. woman and child
In the United States fifty dollars of irre
deemable paper money.
Now, they say that the national banks
should be made an end of. There never
•was so good a banking system as that of
the national banks. There never was one
■where the rights of the people were so
protected, where the interests of deposit
ors and where the holders of their notes
were so guarded on every side, and there
Is yet to be a single instance of national
bank failure where the holder of its bills
did not get full value received for them.
But they say, do away with all the sys
tem of national banking. Let there be no
body but the Government to issue money, I
and let that money be issued to the people
through public improvements, and if there
are no improvements needed, let the Gov
ernment go to work and start great big
enterprises for the purpose of issuing Its
paper money.
what a system! Thing of it for a mo
ment' A government like ours, now ap
proaching one hundred millions of people,
with no banks, and only the Government
printing money on " paper as fast
as It Is needed for purposes of
government. It goes out to the
people, and the Government cer
tainly would not be kind enough to issue
paper money that it "Would not take back.
It goes out from the Government, and the
people get it, and when duties are to be
paid the same dirty money comes back to
the Government and goes out again. And
that thing shifts about until endless bank
ruptcy comes and we are in a condition
that the Continentals were in with their
Continental money.
Then, last of all, comes Maguire with
the single tax. I don't question his sin
w cerity about it,
W because he has
been talking
53 about it for a
rt good many years.
** He says It is not
0 an issue. I say it
v^ is an Issue, be-
E»<>f>4>«-ii-»<-»4- Q» cause Mr. ICa-
WVWW<?« V O quire is the apos
tle of that, and in that very platform is
the proposition that each town or com
munity, whichever it may be, shall have
the right to determine, indeDendent of
any other portion of the State, what its
system of taxation shall be. Was ever
anything more absurd than that? Siski
you with one system of taxation, San
Francisco with another, San Mateo with
mother and San Diego perhaps with the
tingle tax.
Now what is it? It is a proposition that
Land alone shall bear all the burdens of
government. The reason for this proposi
tion is the socialistic idea that any man
tvho claims to own land for himself Is a
usurper; that land belongs to the people.
md that no man has a right to the use of
it except so far as the immediate culture
pf the soil is essential to gaining his live
lihood or furnishing him vegetables and
to feed his chickens. What is the single
tax? It is to set free from the burden of
supporting the Government your banks,
four railroad corporations, your steam
ihips. your manufactories, your homes of
elegance, 1 picture galleries, whatever is
beautiful, whatever is of luxury in life
shall be free from taxation. Nobody
{hall pay a tax except he who has land.
Mr. Maguire said the other night that it
!s claimed that the tax upon land would
impoverish the farmer. He says, no. it
Joes not; the farming Interest already in
California pays 50 per cent of the taxes,
md that is not because the farmer is
raxed upon his land, but because every
thing he buys has paid a tax before "it
tomes to him. and it all finally culminates
upon him. Take off the taxes of the
nanufacturer and the farmer won't have
to pay the tax that his plow costs. He
tfon't have to pay the tax upon the crop
{hat he raises; he won't have to pay a
•ax upon anything, and so, instead of
paying 50 per cent, he figures out that the
farmer would only pay 12 per cent of the
Million of dollars necessary to run this
State.
Well, we ( say, where is the rest of It?
He says, "Oh, that goes to the city."
.those people who live in the cities and
own land in cities have to pay the
Maguire and
His Single
Tax.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
[ Sakes I
I Alive! i
f- , " ■•■">.■■-.- 4.
»- " Here is the very place to buy 4.
f- your clothes. We'll go no further -f
♦- — we can do no better ! '' ' -f
t Thus spoke a delighted ♦
► woman out hunting with her ♦
»- husband for clothing bargains. ♦
•■ What she found was one of ♦
I my specially offered $7.50 +
*■ suits. She was so well ♦
£ pleased that she persuaded +
> her husband to buy an over- ♦
► coat, too. Another phenome- ♦
£ nally good purchase for $7.50. t
These two special offers, with ♦
> something great in Men's trousers ♦
>■ for $1, are a trinity of rare bar- 4
£ gains I will offer for the next *
£ seven days.
y Men's ' n Worsted s and chev- +
y C gi -|. c iots — blues, blacks and ♦
X oUilS>. mixtures — single and ♦
fr. double breasted, 1 well made, guar- +
y- anieed to fit and worth $10 any "*"
>■ day. This week spe- tfrtm /\ 1
»■ daily offered at - .-''v|>/..3U J
h Men's Fancy covert ♦
I Overcoats. tuli^Z*
>. brown kersey overcoats. My new t
X stock — this week's <$»*y KjTI ■*•
y special offering for h)/ •3vl +
I Men's Trousers, .slf? 1
h Fancy striped worsted trousers ; ♦
>■ the celebrated "Ox- Breeches." The "*"
I" regular $1.75 trousers. £. * £\f\ "*"
\ This week .... vbl.OO/J
I J. J. Gildea, :
r THE NEW CLOTHIER, ♦
* Market St. and Grant Avc. ♦
L Old Exam Jaw Office. "♦"
Old Examiner Office.
other j£j"go proportion of the taxes of !
the State. The poor mnn who goes out
here Into Haves Valley or up on the
wind-swept hills of the Potrero, or finds
hlB way out into the sand hi. is and es
tablishes a home has to bear the
oth^r SO odd per cent of the taxes of the
State, because, he says, it will release
the farmt-ra. And yet. In the same
breath, and with the most curious incon
sistency, while he says that the man who
In the country owns land will only have
to pay ]2 per cent where he pays 50 per
cent now, that men like Miller & Lux,
who own vast tracts of land, won't be
able to hold them. Why not? They have ,
been paying 50 per cent of the taxes up ,
to this date, and when they pay 12 per j
cent they can't hold them.
But Mr. Maguire Is pledged to support
it; and that is a good reason why no man
ought to support him. It makes no dif
ference that Mr. Maguire Is serious or
that he believes what he says. A man's
belief is not the test of whether he is i
right or wrong. You go with me up to !
Stockton and I will take you in the yard
of the asylum and I will show you nun
who are walking up and down there, and
some of them believe that they are the
savior nf the world; some of them be- j
lieve they are Julius Caesar, and Na
poleon; some of them think they are Dan- j
iel Webster, and so does Maguire.
Mr. Maguire has had always a strong
association with the men who underlay
k the Kearney ri"ts
. In this city, who
•' met upon the
J then unimproved
% land in the neigh
* borhood of the
y City Hull, from
which they took
* their title — the
* Sandlotters — and
Maguire
a
Sandlotter.
who there inflicted more injury upon the
material interests of California by their
language and their conduct than fifteen
years following could repair. upon the
terial interests of California by their
guage and their conduct than fifteen
is following could repair. It was a
class of men who gave us for a Mayor
such a man as Isaac Kalloch, who would
leave his seat in the Mayor's chair and
go out and harangue those men. telling
them to wait their act of violence, to
wait and not to make these streets run
with blood, until he had been to the run
1 blood, until he had been to the Lec
ture to see what could be done, and
then, if the Legislature would not do as
Mr. Kalloeh said, he would come back
and tell them what to do. Do you re
member the times -we had with them?
Do you remember how for weeks this
city was under martial law; how men who
had money here and wore investing in
the great capitalistic enterprises of this
State fled with it as from a scourge? Do
you remember how hard it was to wrest
the condition of things from the grasp of
those men and to put it upon a basis
which assured the world that the people
of California were not of that brand or
sort? He says he was not a Sandlotter.
I always supposed he was, and, at all
events, if he is not a Sandlotter, his con
duct looks like it: he acts like it, he
smells like it— he is a Sandlotter.
On the other hand the Republican plat
form stands for order, for State security,
for everything that can make life pleasant
and whatever you have secure. But the
cry of mad dog is raised against it, and it
is said that the Republican party and the
platform of the Republican party is that
of the railroad; that behind it is the rail
road; that Mr. Burns and Mr. Herrln and
bne or two others whose names I am glad
for the moment to have forgotten, have
been in possession of the party and have
been wielding it to suit their own ends,
and because the astuteness of a Call re
porter in Sacramento pretty nearly fore
cast the ticket and wrote it down, "it was
said that it was a ticket that had bee
prepared beforehand and that he got hold
of it. I could have done the same thing
I was in Sacramento, and I was not in th
confidence of the railroad company, either.
1 have been trying lawsuits for the rail
road company for a number of years. I
have given them good service, though I
say it myself, and they have paid m
bills; but they know and I know that m
retainer with them stopped at the court
house door.
If the railroad company has political
plans or purposes, if it, undertakes to rule
the politics of this State or the men of it
in their political relations, upon my soul
politics of this State or the men of
heir political relations, upon my sou
and honor I don't know it. 1 have never
been approached by a single person con
nected with one of those companies during
the whole time of my relations with it as
an attorney to do or not to do one single
act as a citizen, to say or not to say one
single thing as a frequent public debater*
never once, at any time; and I would not
have accepted the suggestion t/ it had
been made. I was in the Constitutional
Convention, and I voted totally against
Governor Stanford's impressions and feel
ings. He believed that the right of owner
ship and the right of control of the rail
road company went together. I did not
believe so. I believed that those great
public utilities ought to be controlled by
law, and I voted and acted and spoke as I
felt to be my duty toward the people of
the State of California. There were men
who said to me then. "You will get your
salary docked when you get back to San
Francisco. I said: "All right; let her go
Gallagher. I came back after that con
vention was over, and neither Governor
Stanford nor Mr. Crocker, nor Judge San
derson, nor anybody else connected with
the Central Pacific Railroad Company
ever questioned my vote or my right to
vote.
They 'say that from Gage to the lowest
name, the ticket was all arranged by th
OOOvODOOftO politicians ', before
5 they went to Sac
* ramento. I 6ay it
J Is not true. Gage'
* success in that
* convention was
> due to totally dif
* ferent causes, and
oooooj-h-h-*™« *° , causes that
I »»»Q»lCHa^a will produce a
j success on the one side and failure on tue
fo^poferofc aS men are stru^Hng
? r *£ an ci hls principal opponent— a
splendid citizen, a man for whom I have
always had a most sincere admiration and
friendship and whose conduct in that con
vention lifted him almost to the stature
of a god— that nomination. " Why?
Because he had , been engaged In a flgnt
with Mr. Davis in Alameda County and
had not taken occasion to look outside the
county. He and Mr. Davis were pulling
hair so much Inside of the limits of ,vla
meda County that they did not know
what was going on outside. They went
up to Sacramento with the Alameda boys
behind them— a splendid lot— but when
they got up there they found that the
heifer they expected to plow with had
been plowed with by the southern men
who came up together, and the game was
made by the time they got there, and that
is the explanation of the whole business.
Does anybody propose to say— at
old Jake Iseff, a mirror of honesty, a man
of the most ultimate Independence in
thought and action, into whose face no
man can look without seeing his nature
and his character there lying as clear and
sweet and bright as the pebbles under
neath the pellucid water of the brook.
Did the railroad make him? It never
made anything half as good. You may
go down through that ticket, and the
result of It was, as is always the case,
the man who goes as Gage went to that
convention— a convention of 700 or 800 men
—with 150 or 200 valiant friends beside
him. who would make any reasonable
combination to effect his election, was
able to combine here and there and there
and here, and the thing naturally took Its
course. It was not the result of the de
bates on the floor of the convention.
Those speeches— fine as some of them
were— were perfunctory, but everybody
knew what the result was going to be, be
cause they knew the work had been done.
It was the fairest convention, the least
interfered with by corporate power and
control, that was ever held in the State
of California-
Did the railroad write the platform?
why, fellow-citizens, that . unfortunate
committee on platform was appointed in
the afternoon and went out and went to
work. It was not like the platforms you
see in some conventions, where the com
mittfe on platform and resolutions goes
out and comos in in half. an hour with a
platform as long as you can reach all
written out and crystallized, which ' ex
presses the plans and purposes of the
party. But those men went to work about
3 clock In the afternoon, and they
worked steadily until 11 o'clock the next
morning. Were they working for the
railroad? Had Mr. Herrin sent up to
them a Platform to be prepared? I won
der If Mr. Herrln sent them this— me
read it. Now, the Democratic party
adopted a resolution condemning the leg
islation of the last Congress in respect to
the settlement of the Pacific Railroad
debt. It was unanimously adopted by
Senate and by House/as a rider to a bill
where a single objection would have pre
vented its going through. It was consid
ered, upon a review of all the circum
stances, fair and just. It was without
limit as to time, but the amendment of
Mr. Barham (Republican) of California
limited the time within which that might
be accepted to a single year, It went
through with unanimous consent. That
don't make any difference to the Demo
cratic party of California. They - treat
that Just as they do the silver question
as a living issue; just the same as if they
were in favor of slavery to-day. They
■would issue a resolution. that the aboli
tion of negro -slavery was a crime and a
wrong upon the South, and try to make
it an issue in the campaign. So they have
the silver question, and now they, keep
up that cry of mad dog about the rail
road. I met Senator Morgan, to whom—
I say It with all reverence— Mr. Maguire
There Was No
Republican
Slate.
THE SA.N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBEB 18, 1898.
is no more to be compared as an anti
railroad fighter than the glorious sun at
midday is to be compared with its re
flection in the mud puddle— who fought
the railroad proposition all the time most
bitterly— I heard him Bay here— and he
said it openly — that that was a wise and
just disposition of that question, and he
was glad it was disposed of, because it
would enable the Government— that
was all they were looking at; that was
all Congress was looking at; they were
not legislating for California; they were
seeing what they could do to get the Gov
ernment's money back. \
See what they said— the Republican
convention that was controlled by • the
railroad. Mr.'Ma
guire had the
temerity to say
here the other
night that Mr.
Huntington had
declared that it
don't make any
difference, a year
was. a good deal
would accept that
<u=uiuii. xuid in u.e Republican par
ty's reply to that statement, if Mr. Hunt
ington ever made it; I don't know. wheth
er he did or not; that he did is not
proved by Mr. Maguire's assertion on the
subject when he was on the stump, and
I would like to have him hand up some
corroborative affidavits. •-
This is what the Republican party said
about that subject:
The last Congress having unanimously passed
a law providing for the collection of the in
debtedness due from the Central and Western
Pacific railroads to the Government, the Re
publican party favors the enforcement there
of, and unless such law and all the provisions
thereof be promptly accepted and compiled with.
by such specified railroad companies, that the
law be strictly enforced and the lien on said
roads and properties be foreclosed and said
roads and mortgaged property be sold, accord
ing to law, and that all funds that now or
hereafter are realised irom either or Doth of
the said Pacific railroads or from the collection
of their debt to the Government, whether vol
untarily, or by foreclosure, be applied to the
construction of the Nicaragua Canal.
Do you suppose for a moment that
that resolution emanated from the office
of the distinguished counsel of the South
ern Pacific Company, if Huntington's
views were what Mr. Magulre charges
them to be? No, fellow citizens; that
cry of the railroad, so far as this cam
paign is concerned, is a cry of mad dog.
They think they tie the railroad question
to the tail of the Republican party as.
boys - tie a tin kettle to the tail of a
dog and set him running, and • think
everybody will believe he is mad because
he is afraid of the kettle. .
Now, that is the condition, and the
Republicans of this State have no rea
son to be ashamed of any man who Is
on that platform, or of any declaration
contained in it. It is worthy to have the
support of every man who loves his par
ty or his country.
I am sorry that dissensions have arisen
horp i ;«: , .,'-» our two leading papers on
the subject of the
United States
Senatorship. One
of them takes
the ground that
if Mr. de Young
is a candidate
for the United
States Senate
„,,,,,. -~ — — - ■-• ■ - that that ought
to beat the Republican ticket in this city.
Mr, de Young is like every other citizen
of this city or any other city. He has
a right to 'aspire to any office in the gift
of the people. The only thing that I sa>«
he ought to do is to say that he is, and
make his fight In the open. California
need not be ashamed of the discretion it
has shown in selecting Senators hitherto.
It has had a very good list. Go back
to Casserly, Democrat; Hager, Democrat;
Farley. Democrat; Sargent, Republican;
Stanford, Republican; Felton, Republi
can; White, Democrat; Perkins, Republi
can; they are all gentlemen. They are
air men of character and standing, and I
don't care who the man is, I don't care
what newspaper he owns, if he doesn't
come up f\ the standard that has been
required of the United States Senators
in this State hitherto he cannot be elect
ed Senator, and all the bosses that God
ever spawned on earth can't make him
one. The man who responds to that test
may get it, and, as has been said, there
are" others. .' ■ •
[Here ex-Senator Maher shouted, "Give
us a man who can talk, Barnes."]
Mr. Barnes continued:
I want to say one word upon that sub
ject, because I shall have no other oppor
tunity to say it here or probably get a
hearing in any of the San Francisco pa
pers except the Democratic one. That is
this: I have never voted any ticket or for
any man on any ticket but the Republi
can. I have never sHerved for an. hour
from my allegiance to the party. I was
for sixteen years president of the greatest
political club that ever existed in this
State — Invincibles. I have spent more
money, according to my means, for its
success, and 1 have traveled this State, as
I shall this year, in summer heat and
dust, whirling from town to town and eat
ing ox-horn steaks, and being trotted
around after the meeting to see the sa
loon keepers in the town who were good
Republicans, and spending some hours,
which produced disquieting reflections,
with those gentlemen, and leaving those
who waited on me that evening to sleep it
off the next day, while I had to travel to
the next town and go through the same
experience. I have done that In. every
Presidential campaign and every guber
natorial campaign. This year, when as a
joke it started in that way on the part
of the Examiner to tease Mr. de Young—
that was the only object of it— it an
nounced that I would be a candidate for
the United States Senate, of which I had
no more idea than that I should be a can
didate this year for Emperor of China,
People began to talk to me about it. the
disease of ambition began to take hold of
j me, and I thought
<< perhaps I wasn't
* as bad a man as
> 1 thought I was.
•< And so I have
* stayed In that
> fight upon this
h principle. I don't
£ care the snap of
VWW'-'VWVWVV my. finger wheth
er 1 get it or not. I am willing to do this
State service if the State thinks I can do
it service. I am willing to act for the
best interests of the State, and from my
long acquaintance with it and my knowl
edge of its wants I believe. I can fairly
represent it. But I want one thing un
derstood: I have not a dollar for the
financial irrigation \>f one single dry spot
in the Legislature. I have no bureau of
publicity or promotion. 1 have no agent
out putting up a single job for me, and I
shall solicit no individual man for his
vote. You will all say, then, that I will
be beaten. Well, perhaps I shall, and vet
you know lightning does strike some
times, and once in a great while a man
gets an office without debasing himself
without putting himself body and soul
in the hands of other men, without prom
ising every place that can be given away
or controlled by him during his incum
bency in office. Once In a while, even be
before the millennium comes, that thing
may happen, and when it happens I shall
be Senator and not before.-
Now, ladies and gentlemen, a word, for
I am admonished that I have been talk
ing to you nearly two hours. (Cries of
"Go on.") Oh, yes, it is very easy to say
"Go on."
There never has been a time In our
lives when we had such occasion for the
inspiration of love of country that we
have to-day. The life of this nation has
been a life of struggle. We fought
through the war of the revolution for our
independence. We fought through the
war of 1812 for the defense of our mari
time rights. We fought through the war
with. Mexico to protect the people of
Texas. We fought through the war of
the rebellion, brother against brother,
and friend against friend, for the preser
vation of the Union; all the while glory
ing in victory, but all the while regret
ting that our arms were not turned
against some other than a member of our
own family and our own race. This time
we have triumphed over the most vicious
tyranny the world has ever seen. This
time we have taught, as we have always
taught, the nations of the world that
the American soldier and the American
sailor, the American armies and the
American ships, as they were in the revo
lution, in the war of 1812, in the war with
Mexico, and in the war of the rebellion,
are invincible and unconquerable.
No man can look at the flag of his coun
try to-day without seeing in it new light
and a new beauty, new hopes and new
promises of mankind; and it spans the
coming ages of the future as the rain
bow spans the retreating storm as the
sun is setting with a bow of bright and
beautiful promise. But, unlike the rain
bow that shall cease to shine when the
drought ceases, the rainbow of the Amer
ican people shall stand eternal, fixed In
heaven until this heaven shall be rolled
away as a scroll, and the elements at
last shall melt in fervent ■ heat.
Republicans
and the
Railroad.
j De Young
•Should Fight
' in the Open.
Willing to
Serve
the State.
Not a Pledge-Breaker.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 37.— Kditor of
Call— Dear Sir: Noticing my name classed
as a "pledge breaker" by J. S. Webster
a member of the Non-Partisan conven
tion. I desire to publicly deny that I ever
took the pledge from the last Non-Partl.
San or any other convention. The facts
are as follows:
G. B. Perkins, a members of the last
POLITICAL PIRATES EXPOSED
Francis J. Heney Demands That He and Other
Democrats Be Accorded Their Rights.
The Czar-like methods of a place-hunting majority of members of that
self-admiration society, more commonly known ', as the Phelan-McNab
committee of one hundred, have been. called to the attention of the Dem
ocratic State Central Committee by Francis J. Heney. He objects to be
ing sandbagged by those who under the guise of reformers are resorting
to methods that Boss Buckley would not have countenanced in his palm
iest days. The grounds of Mr. Heney's objections and his expose of the
highbinder methods of the committee are best told ir. the following com
munication:
t -fs\ - : SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 17, 1898.
To the Democratic State Committee of California, Seth Mann Esq.,
Chairman— Gentlemen: Please take notice that I hereby appeal to the
Democratic State Committee of California from the action of the Demo
cratic City and County Committee of San Francisco on the night of Fri
day, September 16, 1898, in adopting by a viva voce vote the following re
port and resolution, ■which was presented to said committee by Charles W.
Fay, as chairman of a. sub-committee previously appointed by the said
committee to prepare a plan for the holding of a municipal convention for
the city and county of San Francisco, to wit:
Tour committee appointed to report a plan for holding a convention of the Demo
cratic party for the purpose of nominating candidates for the various offices to be
filled at the ensuing general election, beg leave to report as a result of their confer
ence and recommend the adoption thereof: %
First— That a convention be formed for and hold on Monday, September nineteenth
(19th), 1898, at 8 p. m.
Second— That the convention consist of not more than 100 members or delegates.
.Third— That the city and county committee appoint the delegates, and the dele
gates to said convention consist of the members of the city and county committee
and such others as may be elected to fill the vacancies occasioned by resignation of
any delegated.
Fourth— That as some members of this committee have announced that • they
would be candidates for office and would not participate In the convention, that
those members of the committee who are candidates for office other than for Board
■>f Supervisors, Board of Education and members of the Legislature, be requested to
resign forthwith as delegates to th» convention In order that the city and county
committee may select and appoint delegates in their places. ;
To further carry out th« plan presented, your committee herewith present a
resolution and unanimously recommend Its adoption:
Resolved, That th» Democratic city and county committee of the city and county
if San Francisco, State of California, deem It expedient to call a convention of the
Democratic party of not more than 100 members, for tlfe purpose of nominating can-
Ildates for all municipal, county or city and county offices, and for nil judicial
flees, and for members of the Legislature of the State of California, and all of which
=nld nominees are to be voted for at the general election to be held on Tuesday,
:he eighth (Rth) day of November. A. TV 1898.
That said convention be held on Monday evening, September I?. 1888, at the hour
if 8 p. m.. or as soon thereafter as said convention shall organize, and that the
->lace of meeting shall be Native Rons' Hall, or such other place In the city and
■ounty of San Francisco as a majority of the members of said convention shall de
: ermine.
That the delegates selected to said convention be thp following-named persons:
R. Beverly Cole. Dr. C. A. Clinton, .Tames Denman. M. Greenblatt. A. Compte Jr..
IV. B. Cope. Charles W. Fay, J. M. Klein. George McOllllvnry. Jeremiah Deasy, R.
?. Doolan. Francis J. Honey. William T. Hess. Thomn.t J. Plnder. Hu Jones. D. C.
Vlurphy. Dr. T. B. Inland. I. Gutte. A. B. Majruire, R. V. "Whiting. p. J. McCor
nlck. Howard Park. Q. Howard Thompson. Jeremiah CofTey, John McGllvary. Dr.
I". E. Shumate, M. H. Hernan, Finlay Cook. F. K. Lane. E. A. BrtdlTford, Timothy
'•.yons. W. H. Vincent, William C. Murdoch. Daniel O'Netl. W. H. Meade. Patrick
Poland. J. C. McKlnstry, George F. Lynch. Rudolph Herold Jr.. Charles E. Jones,
'amuel Braunhart, M C. Hassett, Leo Kaufmann. Louis Bartlett. W. D. Farran,
Irfiwrenefi Brannan, P. H. McCarthy. P. J. Tomalty. J. M. Nougues, John H. Grady,
["homes J. Walsh. Timothy I. O'Brien, John Fay Jr.. Thomas Murray. Sidney M.
i an Wyck Jr.. Max Popper. Harry N. Kelly, W. J. McOee. James Butler. Edward
teddy. Edmund Godchaux. E. P. E. Troy. William A. Murrlson, James V. Cole,
nan. Henry Ltchtenstein. R. V. Curtis, F. C. Drew, J. V. Cavagnero. J. H. Hanson,
rtntthew Lally, Barna McKlnnle, J. B. Reinsteln, Osgood Putnam, John F. Tivl:rfj!
rohn ReVdy. Dr. Max Magnus, Percy Henderson, L. F. Bylngton, Ben Hawea, Bart
■Jurke, C. M. Stoltz. Clltus . Barbour. Dr. C. A. Pooler. Barry Baldwin. Jasper
McDonald,- Joseph Leßirett. George J. L. Gallagher, John E. Buckley, Emll
'ohll, J. P. Maxwell, Lawrence Hoey, John Heney, William J.. Renwlck. C. J. Gal
agher, William P. Sullivan Jr., William F. Humphreys, H. L. Rea, W. P. San
lorn.
The grounds of this appeal are as follows:
• 1. The power of said Democratic City and County Committee to choose
leiegntes to paid or any convention is fixed and limited by section 18 of
he rules and laws which were Imposed upon said City nnd County Com
nlttee by the Democratic State Committee as a constitution for its guld
mee and control, and as a limitation of Its powers.
Said section 16 provides that "In the event of the selection of dele
rates to any convention by the committee each member thereof shall
lave, as far as practicable, the right to name and select an equal number
if such delegates. To find the number of delegates that each member Is
•ntitled to appoint, the total number of delegates to be selected by the com
nlttfe shall be divided by the number of members of the committee, and
he quotient shall be the number which each member Is entitled to select,
["he remainder, over an even number to each, shall be elected at large by
i vote of not less than three-fifths of all the members of said committee."
-No other method of selecting or appointing delegates to any .convention
-provided for bj! said rules and laws ejecept that of holding primary
lections for <»ach; purpose. •*' ;.-' > '- ■•.
When the question of the election of paid delegates by viva voce vote
vas before r sald committee I objected to that method of procedure, and
nade the point of order that the vote could not be taken viva voce, for
he reason 'that said rules and laws provide that when delegates are
•lected at large by said committee It shall be by a vote, of not less than
hree-fifths of all the members of said committee, and I demanded that a
•allot be taken upon the election of said delegates. The chairman of said
ommlttee arbitrarily overruled said point of order.
E. A. Bridgford, a member of said committee, thereupon demanded a
olleall upon the election of said delegates, and the chairman of said com
nittee likewise overruled said demand and arbitrarily proceeded to put to
l viva voce vote of said committee the question of the adoption or re
ectlon of said resolution, declaring all the members of said committee to
ie elected at large as delegates to said municipal convention, and arbi
rarily declared said resolution carried, although in truth and in fact the
ame did not receive the vote of three-fifths of all the members of said
ommittpe, as this appellant believes and therefore alleges; and although
n truth and in fact many of the members of said committee so declared
lected as delegates to said convention could not, as is well known, secure
he votes of three-fifths of all the members of said committee for their
lection at the. present time to said or any other convention.
The right of each member of said committee to name and select one
lelegate of his own choosing and by his own appointment to said muni
lpal convention out of the one hundred delegates to be chosen under said
lan was thus arbitrarily and unlawfully taken away from him.
2. Said Democratic City and County Committee has no power under
aid rules and laws to select or appoint any member or members of said
ommlttee as delegates to said or any convention, either by individual ap
ointment or by election at large.
I further appeal from the action of said City and County Committee on
aid 16th day of September in adopting a resolution that it is the sense of
aid committee that proxies be not allowed in said convention, ! upon the
round that the object, purpose and effect of said resolution are to deprive
ach member of »ald committee of his constitutional right to appoint a
elegate to said convention, in accordance with the provisions of section 16
f said rules and laws.
I further appeal from the action of the chairman of said Democratic
'ity and County Committee and from the action of said commute in per
littlng twenty gentlemen to vote upon said resolution for the election of
elegates to said municipal convention and upon said resolution against
he use of proxies who are not lawful members of said committee, for the
eason that they have been elected by said committee to fill vacancies in
aid body, but have never been confirmed as members of such committee
y the Democratic State Committee, as required by section 12 of said rules
nd laws. Yours respectfully, FRANCIS J. HENEY
Non-Partisan convention, wrote to me
asking me to call on him in reference to
the party pledge, and after reading I re
fused to sign It, on account of its se
verity. Mr. Perkins wrote to me a sec
ond time. When I called he said to me
that Frank J. Sullivan, also a member
of the convention, insisted on my signa
ture to the pledge. I again refused, say-
Ing that I would much rather have my
name taken from the ticket. Why it was
not done Ido not know. Most respect
fully yours. THOMAS R. CAREW.
Vice President Board of Education.
SHASTA REPUBLICAN
COUNTY CONVENTION
Many Circumstances Point to Certain
Victory of the Party— The
Ticket Nominated.
REDDING. Sept. 17.— The certainty of
victory In the November election drew
out, according to the apportionment, a
larger representation of delegates to the
Republican County convention which met
in this city to-day than is of record in
the history of Shasta County Republi
canism. Because of the large plurality
of votes polled for Bryan two years ago
the apportionment of delegates, based on
the McKinley vote, was not bo heavy ats
in former years. But out of the 160 dele
gates neariy every man answered to his
name. When it is considered that Shasta
County is three times the size of Rhode
Island and that many of the delegates
had to travel as far as eighty miles by
stage and over rough roads, this is in
deed a remarkable showing.
Among other things the platform as
adopted commends the policy of the ad
ministration in changing a balance of
$400,000.0X1 against to $55,000,000 in favor of
the United States: it also declares for
the collection of the debt due the Gov
ernment from the Central Pacific and
Western Pacific railroads.
The county ticket nominated is as fol
lows: For Sheriff, Charles H. Behrenn,
Clerk, F. O. Blodgett; Recorder, John R.
Lowden; District Attorney, M. V. Prlmm;
Assessor, T. B. Smith: Treasurer, G. W.
Burtner; School Superintendent, Miss
Margaret I. Poore; Surveyor, Alfred Balt
zell.
Interviews with various delegates from
different sections of the county show that
there has been an i Immense defection
from the ranks of Populism since the
Presidential election of two years ago. In
the matter of party strength the- Demo
crats occupy third place. The failure of
the fusion proposition in local affairs was
a death blow to the entire opposition to
the Republicans. The Democrats have
absolutely no hore of winning anything:
and the Populists are so cut up with two
warring factions in the party that their
chances went glimmering when they re
jected the overtures to a union with t>l
Democrats.
It is a noteworthy fact that many of the
young men of the county have joined the
ranks of the Republicans -» Ul «eu me
North End Republicans.
Tha North End Republican Club of
North Beach held a very important meet
ing last Friday night at Washington
square Hall. President Joseph 3- Lavin
called the meeting to order. Twenty-five
bers rOU> making a total of 275 mem-
The club will give a high jinks on some
near future date. The headquarters of
thr club are at present at 513 Montgomery
avenue. The officers of the club are-
President. Joseph P. LavJn; vice-prVsU
dent, James Hoarty; recording secretary
George Burdet; financial secretary, John
Quirk; treasurer, John O'ConnelV ser
geant-at-arms, John Campbell
Santa Cruz' Bolting Populists.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 17.-The middle
of-the-road Populists opposed to fusion
will hold a county convention here on
October 1. At the Democratic-Populist
convention at Watsonville eighteen Popu
lists walked out. refusing to have further
deliberations, and will take part in the
convention of October 1.
APVEBTISEME2JTS.
How About
Your Blood
Is it pure and is your skin clear, fresh
and fair? Or do you hay ] imples,
blackheads, bolls, sores and eruptions?
Hood's Sarsaparilla will make your
blood pure. It will cure all blood dis-
eases, give you a : good appetite,
strengthen your nerves and make you
feel \ strong : and ; healthy. - To-day buy
and begin to take .
Hood's Sarsaparilla
America's Greatest Medicine and be cured
: Hood's Pill* act ; easily, effectively. 25c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-••©■♦-©"•-©•♦-©■♦■©■♦-©♦O-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-*- O ■♦-O-»-O-*O-»-O-*O + O-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O
o
IQII tf CAI p
♦
o
I FOR TO-MORROW.
o
♦: /ma { / I •cm I •
I 65C Yard. 65C Yard. 65C Yard. ;
o i
. . (
♦ mO-MORROW we place on sale a special purchase of NEW BLACK ;
J A BROCADED SILKS, including new style Figured Poplins, in ;
o beautiful figures and dots, which we shall offer at the exceptionally i
♦ low price of . i
I 65c a Yard. \
° ..'.SEE WINDOW DISPLAY OF ABOVE SILKS... ',
o . "'. <
♦ •<
? Great Rlon Specials. 'Domestic Specials. j
4 500 pieces of No. 9 All-Silk Taffeta I 500 dozen Pillow Cases, made of extra i
J Ribbons, full V, bth j wide, in all the quality muslin, with a 2-inch hem, torn 5
o new fall shades, to be placed on sale at by hand, ready for use, size 45x38^, on <
o rt i it , - : special sale at - c
I U I A lOciaoh. i
J 200 dozen Sheets made of good quality *
♦ 1000 pieces of No. 40 All-Silk Taffeta sheeting, with a 2-inch hem, torn by '\
+ Ribbon, full 3| inches wide, in all the hand and ready for use, for double beds, c
o new fall shades, to be placed on sale at size 90x90, on special sale at c
I Isc Yard. 55c Each. I
o 1 - i
+ f r : T"^ i jr— C 4C 4
° jCp 200 dozen Ladies' Handkerchiefs, |r^ 'c
° ewu in laced edge and embroidered edge, SOB c
J Each, very neat designs, regular value 25c, Each. <
? on special sale at c
! 'ACA C 15b Each. 'i c |
? Ea«h. ; lOC tdCili Each. "
? L — , -I 1_ i
r
O '
GEORGE REED
WILL PROBABLY
BE CHAIRMAN
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Sept. 17.
George W. Reed, one of the best-known
Republicans in Alameda County, will in
all probability preside over the county
convention at San Leandro next Monday.
The result of the primaries has not
tended in any way to make clearer the
formation of the county ticket. Outside
of a few men the same condition prevails
as before the primaries were held. One
faction, which claims Senator Earl for its
leader, is anxious to place on the ticket
Tom Robinson, P. M. Fisher. Cal Ewing,
James Clarke and W. S. Harlow.
The other faction, which might be
termed the Old Guard, desires to place for
these same positions James Barber, H. W.
Lynch, Hinds or Graham, Clarance Crow
ell and Oscar Rogers. The latter argues
that it would be bad politics to nominate
Henry Dalton a!»d also his chief deputy,
Tom Robinson, and that it would be no
better to nominate Frank Jordan and
also his chief deputy, Cal Ewing. Also
an objection is made that if Harlow and
Robinson be nominated, this will leave
Alameda out entirely and will renew an
unpleasantness that it was hoped had
been burled at Sacramento.
John R. CHascock, the Democratic ex-
Congressman, will probably be nominated
for Supervisor from the Third District.
This rumor has brought forth a circular,
scattered broadcast, and which says: "An
attempt is being made to nominate on
your (Democratic) ticket Mr. John R.
Glascock for Supervisor in the Third Dis
trict. Will Democrats, Populists or Silver
Republicans support a man who openly
knifed William J. Bryan for the Presi
dency oalv two years ago? Mr. Glascock
la a goldbug and should be in the Re
publican party." The circular is signed
by "Silver Republicans."
The Republicans of Haywards have or
ganized a campaign club with Dr. A. J.
Powell chairman and Harry Brunner sec
retary. The club started off with eighty
five members and President Powell has
appointed the folllowing committees: On
organization— G. S. Lnngan. C. B. Har
mon, Dr. H. Powell, Dr. G. E. Reynolds,
P. Wilbert: on enrollment — Charles
Prowse, E. K. Strobridpe. John J. Rose,
John J. Haines. John J. Gomes.
Maguire's Campaign Committee.
A special meeting of the campaign com
mitte of the Magulre Democratic Club
was held In Judge Mogan's courtroom
Friday evening, September 16, with Pres
ident Frank Conklin in the chair. Mr.
Oscar Hocks appeared before the com
mittee In behalf of the Maguire League
and asked the commute to select three
members to be a part of the campaign
committee of the Maguire League. Act
ing upon the suggestion of Mr. Hocks the
chairman appointed the following mem
bers: Dr. W. J. Gavigan, J. A. Fenton
and Oscar Hocks. ( n motion of S. T.
Kohlman the campaign committee was
ordered to recommend to the club at its
next regultr meeting that the members
thereof give their undivided attention to
the candidacy of Judge James G. Ma
guire. It was also ordered that the cam
paign committee meet every Friday
evening in Judge Mogan's courtroom.
The meeting was addressed by James
H. Ferren, Oscar Hocks. J. A. Fenton,
C. A. Bantel and Henry Blaney.
Made Their Selections.
The Central Republican Club of the
Thirty-seventh Assembly District met
last night and nominated the following
as delegates to the legislative convention:
B. W. Tucker, I. P. Kincaid, O. C. Pratt
T. W. Nowlin, Mark Lane, A. Christian
sen and J. 8. W. Saunderß. For the muni
cipal convention F. O. Allen G. Q. Stew
art, John H. Hegler, R. S. Pressle, G
D. Clark, J. H. Efflnger and Edwin Moh
rig were placed in nomination.
PRIMARIES DO
NOT DEVELOP
ANY SURPRISES
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.-The country pri
maries held to-day caused no surprise. In
only the Second and Seventh wards and
Washington Township was there more
than one ticket. The great battle-ground -
wa3 the Seventh Ward. In this ward
it was well known the Hilborn-Metcalf
contest was to be fought again, owing
to the friction engendered by the issu
ance of blank certificates. It would seem
as if the breach had increased during the
interval, for the majority of forty-seven
for Metcalf was reduced to eight for Jor
dan.
Not until the last ten votes were
counted in the Seventh Ward, out of &
total of 1356, was it known whether the
Jordan-Melvin or the Leckie-Webeter
ticket had won out.
The contest in the Seventh was bitter
and also peculiar. The opposition was
led by Robert Leckie, who well knew that
he could not be nominated for Assessor
even if his ticket carried. He carried
his fight to the last trench merely to
show how he could do politics, and he
succeeded in coming within half a dozen
votes of winning. In the Second Ward
the Mehrmann-Fisher ticket won. Mehr
mann wants to be Coroner and Fisher to
be Superintendent of Schools. In Wash
ington Township Assemblyman Clarke,
who wanted to be Public Administrator,
was beaten by H. W. Lynch, who wants
to be Superintendent of Schools, by 70
votes.
Berkeley's delegation is for Spear for
Recorder, Waterman for School Superin
tendent and Howard Wright for the As
sembly. The First Ward delegation is
for Dalton for Assessor and Allen for Dis
trict Attorney. The Third Ward is for
Dalton and Allen. The Fourth is for
Church for Supervisor. The Fifth is for
Cal. Ewing for Auditor and Tom Robin
son for Tax Collector. The Sixth is for
Frank Leavitt for Senator.
Alameda is for Barber for Tax Col
lector, Rogers for Sheriff. Taylor tor Sen
ator and Knowland for the Assembly.
Murray Township is for Fiedler * for
Treasurer.
To-morrow will be occupied with ef
fecting combinations to be ready for Mon
day's convention.
Tho Seventh Warders held a banquet at
Barnum's after the primaries, and Billy
Pringle made a speech, disclaiming all in
tention of being a candidate for the As
sembly, thus leaving the wav clear— if it
was ever anything else— for Howard
Wright.
Santa Cruz Republican Ticket.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 17.— The Republi
can county convention selected the fol
lowing ticket to-day: G. g. Radcliff, As
semblyman; H. H. Miller, Couruy Clerk*
?•*£■ 9°sß?r* R e, corcJ er; T. J. Lowrey,
Auditor; Milton Besse, Sheriff- B X
Knight, District Attorney: J V LJn
'scott. Superintendent of Schools; W. H.
Bias, County Treasurer; Dr F E Mor
gan Coroner; F. Mattison, Assessor; J.
F. Helms, Tax Collector.
Sonoma's Good Roads League Meets.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 17,-This after
noon at an important meeting of the So
noma County Good Roads League held
in this city a resolution was adopted urg
ing the payment of $1500 yearly as the
salary of Supervisor*, they being re
quired to devote all their time to county
work Matters regiruing changes In the
road law were discussed
The Hilderbrand Family Objects.
A rumor was current yesterday that an
entertainment would be given shortly by
the members of the Tennessee Regiment
!°, r the benefit of the family of young
Hilderbrand. who was fatally shot on
Tuesday by Private Walter Rosser. The
family is anxious to discourage any «uch
plan and desires it to be clearly under
stood that such a step would be objec
tionable to them.VERY CLEVER
IS MR. PACE
OF STOCKTON
His Play as Catcher
Was Exquisite.
HOW MR. SMITH STOLE HOME
KNELL PITCHED GRANDLY. BUT
WAS STEADIED.
The Game Entire Was an Excellent
One, Replete With Good, Poor
and Sensational
Plays.
By Joe Corbett.
"Easy money, Phil; you've got him
faded." 'i'!.. above remark, In various
forms, came I'.inng through the press
;i numerous occasions yesterday
afternoon ;it Raver's baseball villa. The
author of il was Mr. Pace, the new ac
quisition of th.- Btocktons.
Til.- gentlman's position with tins fast
comii - ..ni. .n is that «>f catcher.
He tills the bill. This allusion to bis ;;i.il
ity, however, does not suffice, it would
be enough to >..y of some player who
completed his work tolerably well, but
Mr. Pace lills the bill in a monm r so ex
quisite an. l was such a material factor
In y< • contest that to allude to
him ;.s one who <i.<i not do anything out
of the ordinary would h.- an unpardon
able inju.-tioe to his cleverni ss.
Mr. Pace is what might be safely
termed, In the parlance of the diamond,
a "wonder." He was brought down, with
ji few more players, from the Pacific
west League, to help streng
ebli r teams of our own league, and
if any i tie ■■ mbts bis worth and capacity
lie has but to Bee the Stocktons play. ;ind
his convictions will be as 1 have stated.
During yesterday's game between the I
Florists and Stocktons he was every
thing; in fact; his remarks, one of which
I previously mentioned, were the feature
of the game. He had a superfluity of
them, and used no little amount of dis- i
cretion in directing them to the right ;
point at the proper moment, -ust think
of old Phil Knell, who has been chased
from one club to another, until he was
accepted by tin Stocktons as a sort of
ornament, going in against the San Joses ■
and winning one of tftc hottest games of |
the season by the close score of '1 to 1. j
This he did yesterday afternoon at Bee- I
reation Park, yet, while his work was
laudable, the cool, clever, collected Mr.
Pace, with his cheering and at times sar
castic remarks must not be overlooked,
for to the superb manner in which he
Steadied Knell and the entire team during :
situations where mistakes meant defeat
Is due the lion's share of that victory.
Not since the revival of our national !
frame in this State has such a hard work- |
ing, earnest player been visible at any of
the games; and it is hoped that his correct i
style of playing. \\ ill be copied by every
performer in the. State.
The game throughout was an excellent
one. Few have "been as well played, de
•■!'■■■ the errors credited some of the play- |
ers, and none, to my knowledge, has been !
won In the manner the Stocktons emerged j
yesterday. )
Tho first innine" becuji. and with two out •
the Florists, through the assistance of'
two singles and an error, scored one run.
From this on to the fifth good playing on
both sides marked the, work, until in the
sixth this man Pace was given free trans
portation to fir:;t through the kindness of
Pyne. who fumbled a rather hot grounder.
A second or so later he stole second
and scored the first run for his cohorts
on Pyne's second error. It was then, of I
course, anybody's game, and both sides
played with renewed energy, but good
Judgment, intermingled with a desire to 1
take chances, won the game, i
The eighth Inning opened up beautifully
for the Stocktons, yet little did McGucken
dream that because Smith made a base
hit his side was in danger. In fact, it
happened a tew times before, during the t
performance that men reached the initial I
cushion with no one out. yet did not !
score. Evidently Smith was aware of j
this fact, and after securing second on
an out. scored shortly after on a play
that would not win once in fifty times,
yet I infer that this was the fiftieth
ti?ne.
Billings was at the bat, and hit a ball
right into the pitcher's hands. No one
pave Smith, on second, a thought, and
after the ball had been tossed to first
and Billings retired, who should come
wagging for the plate but Smith.
Hanlon was so startled that he hesi
tated, and this is an old proverb, which
fays •■!!<• who hesitates Is lost." So it
was with Hani
He ■•' nil I Smith, by a mn=t
clever slide, touched the plate with the
winning run, amid an avalanche of ap-
It certainly was a great play— the kind
that causes '<n<- to breathe hard and fart;
the kind that is unexpected, and it is the
unexpected that may often win h: base
ball. So ended one of the hottest games
i>f the- season. True, it was won on a
desperate <'b.i;.-e. for whoever hears of
st n, *n on second scoring on a ball hit
to the pitcher. V< ry rarely does it hap
pen, but it pays to take .-in occasional
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Song of the Cradle.
___^. Bye, bye! Hope rises hi e»h;
r/'V^Cfl There's a sweet little era-
V-A L''fH~^ die hung up in the sky;
JM 7^'"2r' - — -~ A dear little life that 'is
r s*v if/ < \^~ » coming to bless ;
( £. i — \/- f ' ) Two soft chubby hands
-. . I 1 <v=^ that will pat and caress;
>s — J-^>f , — ~^A pure little soul wing-
v .^**Ljl£/ & inff down from above;
A darling to care for, a
In. the bab >' to love '
days when s*\
Eve finned /7t »
it was writ- (/ \*4
ten tbat I y. c \
motherhood I s ■$*V. 4e>f I
should here. J W.-)JS£ IT I/I
after be ac- I ****[ WT~-+>\2~. %l
conipanied "f5 ;\/j \ VVKJKI
with pain jiMlJ* V ' /ewt.jffr jj
and sorrow; Sm B**i/ '/ v^-^vSf i
but thi« ral M'P *m " 'Tf ■
parents has M fl; VffflH^^ir
as mankind /« 'jjCT
superior to
many of tkeir sins and mistakes.
One of the grandest agencies which # en-
lightened Science has discovered to relieve
motherhood from excessive suffering is the
"Favor' • Prescription" devised by Dr.
K. V. Pi-, cc, chief consulting physician of
the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
of Buffalo, N. Y. This wonderful "Pre-
scription " imbues the entire nervous sys-
tem with natural, healthy vitality; gives
elastic vigor to the delicate organism spe-
cially concerned in motherhood; renders
the prospective mother strong and cheerful
and makes the coining of baby entirely free
from danger and almost free from pain.
The delighted gratitude of Mrs. Pearl
Walton, of Alvo, Cass Co., Neb., will find
an echo in the heart of every expectant
mother :
"Previous to the birth of my child," writes
Mrs. Walton, " I had no appetite, was sick at ray
ntomach. had headache, could not rest at night,
■was completely worn out in every way. 1 com-
menced to use Dr. Tierce's Favorite Prescription
and began «o improve rig;ht away. I used two
bottles of this great medicine and felt like a new
person. At the time of confinement I was in
fabtr but a little while and I owe it all to that
*revt remedy— Dr. pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion."
.Dr. Pierce* Pellets cure constipation.
chance In baseball, and Smith deserves
great credit. The score follows:
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoft*. 3b 4 0 1 0 2 3 0
Hanley, l. f 4 0 0 0 6 0 l
I'yne. s. s 4 12 0 2 4 3
McGucken, c. f 4 0 2 0 10 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Kpan, 2b .4 0 2 0 4 2 0
Foley, r.f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Kent, c 3 0 0 0 2 10
Arrick. p 3 0 0 0 110
Total 334 1 7 0 27 11 4
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna, lb 5 0 118 0 0
Knell, p 6 0 10 0 3 0
Smith, 2b 4 1112 2 0
g*ce, c 4 110 6 10
Billings, B. 8 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Rice, c. f 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Muller, 1. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Van Norden, r. f.... 4 0 10 2 0 1
White, 3b 3 0 10 2 0 0
Totals 36 2 8 2 27 « 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 00000101 o—2
Base hits 01022101 I—B
San Jose 10000000 o—l
Base hits 21010111 o—7
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hit— Muller. Base on errors— San
Jose 1. Stockton 4. Base on balls— Stockton 1.
Left on bases— San Jose 6. Stockton 9. Struck
out— By Arrick 1. by Knell 3. Double play—
Pyne to Eagan to Hanlon. Time of game—
1:45. Umpire— O'Connell. Official scorer— J. W.
Stapleton.
♦
FRISCOS VS. STOCKTONS.
They Will Play Ball To-Day at
Raver's Park.
A redhot game is down on the card :
for this afternoon. The Stocktons, with
their new man Babbitt, are expected to
make trouble, so be on hand. The line-up
follows:
i Stockton. Position. San Francisco.
Babbitt Pitcher Anderson
Pace Catcher Hammond
Borchers First hasp Murphy
Smith Second base Monohan
White Third base H. Knig;
1 Billings Shortstop Smith
Muller Left Held Croll
Rice Center field Dunleavy
Selna Right flel.l t roecker
FISH CULTURE ON
THE PACIFIC COAST
MUCH ATTENTION PAID TO
SALMON AND OYSTERS.
The Federal Commissioners' Report
Recognizes the Importance of
These Western Industries.
An interesting report of the work of the
, United States Fish Commission has been
\ forwarded to the California Fish Com
; mission, in which special reference Is
made to the fish of the Pacific Coast, and
; what has been accomplished in the West
in the matter of keeping up this food
supply. The propagation and distribu
; tion of food fishes, the work of which
. has received more attention than in past
' years, has exceeded by about 40 per cent
what has been accomplished at any pre
; vious time. Adult and yearling fishes,
fry and eggs distributed to private par
ties and In public waters or transferred
to the State authorities exceeded 850,000,
000. In nineteen States tin- hatcheries
and sub-stations operated numbered thir
1 ty-three. At Battle Creek, Cal., the
i largest collection of salmon eggs known
in the history of fish culture was made
in the fall of 1897. The report says:
Especially worthy of mention was the cx
i tension of the salmon hatching work on the
; Pacific Coast. The enormous catch In that
region makes It absolutely necessary that the
[ supply should be kept up by artificial mean/*.
The work of the commission is very popular
In the -West, and Its value is generally recog
nized by the salmon fishermen and canners.
During the coming fall the work will be ac
tively pushed, and there is every reason to be
lieve that the take of salmon ova will be even
larger than last year. Although there are sev
eral desirable species of salmon in the Pacific
rivers, the commission gives special attention
to the Chinook or Quinnat salmon, ■ magnifi
cent fleh, which attains an average weight of
over ten pounds, and sometimes specimens are
taken weighing upward of seventy pounds. It
1h the leading species for the canning and fresh
consumption.
Favorable notice is given to the work |
of Lieutenant Commander J. F. Moser, j
U. S. N.. of the steamer Albatross, who i
visited the salmon streams of Southeast
Alaska and made valuable observation
of the run of these fish and the fisheries
of that coast. According to the report,
the subject of oyster culture has been
carefully considered, and It says:
The desire of the commission to give the peo
ple of the Pacific Coast a plentiful supply of
Eastern oysters has resulted in the shipment
of a number of carloads to suitable points in
California and Oregon, the plants being:
guarded by the local authorities during the
time required for their acclimatization and
propagation. In order to determine the condi
tion of the introduced oyster the commission
detailed Professor Waphburn of the Oregon
University to visit and report on the beds.
Professor Washburn's observations, extending
over the years 1557 and 1898, show that all the
planted oysters have survived and grown, al
though there are as yet no evidence of an in
crease in numbers. .•-
WILLIAM GRIDLEYS FATE.
An Effort Will Be Made to Secure a
Pardon for Him.
William Gridley, the hoary headed
millman who was convicted In Judpe
Borden'B court of the theft of two gold
watches from a jeweler's store on Third
street, was sentenced to one year's im
prisonment In San Quentin by Judpe
Borden yesterady. A stay of execution
was granted for ton days.
In the meantime an effort will be made
to induce Governor Budd to pardon the
prisoner. The jury which convicted the
old man and Judge Borden have signed
the petition for pardon, and, as many in
fluential citizens have interested them
selves in the case, it is hardly likely that!
the sentenci- will be carried into execu
tion. That Gridley was guilty of the of
fense for wnlch he suffered conviction is
admitted by all, but as he stole the
watches in order that he might buy
food and save himself from starvation,
no one is anxious or even willing to see
him suffer in prison.
Arthur Cervantlea, convicted in Judg<-
Cook's court a few days ago on a charge •
of grand larceny, was sentenced to ten |
years in Folsom yesterday. The crime
for which the prisoner must go to the |
penitentiary was the theft of a horse j
from the stables of the Presidio and Fer
ries Railroad Company.
- - -
HELLO, EUREKA!
The Formal Opening of a New Tele-
phone Line.
The opening of the new telephone line
to Kuroka wsus celebrated on Saturday in
that town. Mayor Phelan sending the fol
lowing congratulatory mesage to Mayor
Evans:
The city of San Francisco congratulates Eu
reka on the completion of telephonic communi
cation with the other <itles and towns of Cali
fornia. Now the living voice of your citizens
may reach tho remotest corners of our State,
and If Eur'-ka makes any call upon San Fraa
clsoo our citizens will be quick to respond.
May the new bond that blnde us tOKether ce
ment the cordial relations which have existed
In the past.
Mayor Evans of Kureka replied:
1 thank San Frandaoo for its cordial g-ood
wishes and trust that the new means of < m
munication will not only result In benefits to
the metropolis, but also to the city of Eureka
and Northern California. nnJ that In the near
future still eloper relations will be e«tab!'sh<vl
by the «t*el rail and Iron horse. Eureka will
always look to San Francisco for leadership
in the development of our common commercial
Interests by land and sea. So deeply have the
people of this community appreciated the new
Instrumentality of communication which lihh
ju^t been established that they are rejoicing
over the event at their mechanical anil Indus
trial fair, whl"h was inaugurated to-day.
Park Music To-Day.
Ovprturf. "Summer Night's Dream" Huppp
Popular BonRR. "A Trip Around Town" ..Beyer
Sacred song, "There Is a Green Hill Far
Away" Gounod
Solo for cornet, by William Forner.
Selection. "Lucia Donizetti
■Tnml'" Tattoo, or Hand on a Strike" .Fahrbach
P«lertion, "The Wizard of the Nile" ... .Herbert
Serenade for horn, with flute obligato Till
Horn. K. Schlott; flute, Mr. Hodeman.
Wa 1 tz, "MorKcnblattor' ' st rausa
"Mnzourke ill Concert" Rostett<>r
March, "Dewey's Victory" Lee Johnson
Suit on a Big Judgment.
F. S. Wensinger has sued Auguste
Hemme to reciver $74,454 50 on a judg
ment, recovered in the Superior Court of
this city and county on September 29,
1893.
THE SATs T IKANCrSCO CALL, SIT^sDAY r , SEPTEMBER 18, IS9B.
ANOTHER
BAD DAY FOR
THE TALENT
Surprises at Ingleside
Park.
THE SHORT-ENDERS ON TOP
GLADIATOR MADE A NEW REC
ORD FOR THE COAST.
The Hares Were Fleet of Foot and
There Were Many Exciting
Events in Conse
quence.
The "talent" at Ingieside coursing Park
met with several falls yesterday and re
turned home light in spirit and lighter
in pocket, ihe hares had a bad habit of
getting away from the "sure shots," and
in consequence those who played form
went off into seciuded corners and com
muned with themselves. No one got clo.so
enough to them to overhear a.nd report
their remarks, however.
Gladiator, owned by J. Dean, was the
feature of the day, and made a new rec
ord for the coast, if not for the United
States. He was matched against Hot
stuff, but there evidently was a misnomer
in the latter, for less hot stuff was dis
played by him than is usually found in
an overripe and "four-time" warmed over
tamale. The hare was strong and vigor
ous, and still lives to take another chance
—if caught. This particular hare "got
away" in lively fashion, and after a seven
mi). Lite run from Gladiator and Hotstuff
made one of those particularly sarcastic
grimaces when the pursuers were taken
on* the course to prevent them dropping
dead If they had further pursued "'the
j quarry." The hare must be somewhat
| tired, but he will get over tnat in a day
i or two, and then hold a self-admiration
i society meeting and resolve that to him
i is in a great measure due the lowering of
! the record of Nellie Conroy. Gladiator
'■. was awarded the palm by Judge Grace,
| who afterward announced that it was one
i of the best courses he ever witnessed in
| his life. Gladiator scored 88 • points
; against 3 for Hotstuff, while Nellie Con
roy made a record at Sacramento three
; years ago by lying 56 to 2 against a sis
! ter to Molly H. That particular hare that
j survived from yesterday's course will not
: dispute the record, and like the Clan Gal
■ laghers is satisfied that he Is still alive;
j but in future he would like to have an
' easier job and a certainty of an easier
place if James Gallagher Maguire is
elected. '
Monitor and Sir Walter also had an mi
i teresting bout. The hare turned loose for
them to test their speed was a sprinter
! from 'way back. He couk. run in a north
| easterly direction, then turn southwest
' erly, next skim along NlO. by S\\\, and
only smile at the discomfiture of his in
tended captors. To briefly tell a long
story, he sprinted, ran, walked and slid
, until his pursuers quit for want of "wind
! and steam." He then crawled off into an
: escape, and from there witnessed the
; "second round." His successor was not
I — like him— of foot, and fell a prey to
! Sir Walter.
: It was a day of surprises. Our Boy was
so badly thought of by the talc-nt that 3 to
I was placed against him. with Battle as
j favorite. Our Boy proved true, and his
admirers cashed. Then there was Mystic,
that won at • 2Vs "to 1; 'Montana,
at VA to 1; Nellie. H. 6 to 1;
Mayflower, V-h. to 1; Loraine, 2*4 to 1;
Revolver, 5 to 1; Benlcia Boy. 3 to 1; Mer
cury, 3 to 1. But why continue the list?
It was a short-end day, notwithstanding |
the fog that early in the afternoon came
over the track from the ocean.
The following is a summary of the
events:
Glen Chloe beat Emerald: Mary X beat Clip
per; Dauntless beat Schley; Flying Faster beat
Nelly B; Dakota beat Precita Girl; Klllarney
Lass beat Royal Chief; Our Boy beat Mattel;
Sir Willful beat Beauty: Sir Walter beat Mon
itor; Minnie B beat Donald; Decorator beat
! Harkaway: Wlngfoot beat Ajar; Mystic beat
1 Snapshot: Montana beat Sunburst; Glen Rosa
j beat Mission Tip; Brilltantlne beat Fox Kerry:
Shark beat TullHmore; L. S. Conley beat
\ Persimmons; The Gossoon beat Obadiah; Nellie
i II beat Fear Not; Granuale beat San Mi teo;
Swlnnertwi beat May W; St. Gertrude beat
Rocket; Hobson beat Sprig o' Hill; Clifton Lass
beat Skylark; Rosalie beat Daisy Hill; Lor
raine bent Little Dorrit; Van Kirk beat Coun
terfeit: Campania heat Telephone Girl: Revol
ver beat Royal Buck: Llssak beat Miss Divi
dend; Jimmy Cork beat Whitehall; False Flat
terer beat Eclipse: Benlcla Boy beat S.>ubrett":
Mercury beat Johnny R: Prince Hal beat Lass
o - Gowrie; Hailiwist beat Mlra Monte; Prom
ise Me beat Mohawk; Mountain Beauty beat
Patria; Mayflower beat Lady Herschel; Mlalmo
beat Flying Buck; Gladiator beat Hotstuff.
The hares were fleet, the slipping could
not have been better, but the fog in the
evening hours was disagreeable, to nicely
express it. ''~'C' ■.-.-
THE FAVORITES LEAD.
Only One Short-Ender at Union Park
Fooled the Talent.
In the history of coursing: of this State
there never has boon known the first
round of a stake run without at least
eight or ton good short-enders putting In
an appearance, but yesterday coursing: at
Union Purk was an exception. The fav
orites in the puppy stake won easily, and
In the big open stake only one course de
stroyed the pleasure of the talent, and
that when liberty Hell sent the favorite
Magnet to his kennel without a color.
Although a heavy fog swept over the
field during a larg« portion <>f i!ie after
noon, the contests could be sct.fi easily
from the grand stand. Th«.- only real
excitement of the day was when .1 Deputy
Sheriff caught a pickpocket attempting to
relieve a newspaper man of a few illmes
he had in his possession with which to
purchase a return ticket homeward. The
coursing to-day should be good as the
dogs are very well matched. The follow
ing is a summary of yesterday's sport:
Open stake, run-down— Van dole beat For
ct-t-Me-Not; I-anky Bob beat Lillian Russell;
Green Valley Maid beat White Chief; Walt a
Little Beat Little Doubt; Thernn bent Moon
light; Lord Byron beat Crusader; Ke.st As
sured beat Last Chance; Kork Island Roy beat
Prince Jerome; Vigilant beat Belle, of Seville;
Donlta beat Star Pointer; Commodore beat
Santa Bella; Sir John Arnott beat Hercules;
M»ta beat Little Delight; Peaceful Glen beat
Kentish Girl; Black l'attl beat Bendigo; Victor
Queen beat Queen Ann; Victor ran a bye;
Thornhlll beat White Tip: Fi.rcive beat Tic
Tac; Firm Friend bent Cavalier; Forget heat
Gilt Edge; Ruth Ashmore beat Lady Gay; Car
men beat Ida; Gludys Paaba beat Ski; Mi
nerva beat Revenge: MeKinley heat Babe
Murphy; Liberty Bell beat Magnet: Rusty Gold
' beat lJlackstone; Van Knapp heat Lightning;
Douglas beat White Lily; Ktmlawn bent Morn
i ing Glory: Mac's Melody beat Monotony.
The winners of the first round to-day should
be Lanky Bob. Walt a Little, Theron. Knck
lelancl Boy, Bonlta. Commodore, Meta. Victor
Quetn, Thornhlll. Finn Friend, Forget, Gladys
i Pasha. UcKlnley, Rusty Gold. Van Knapp and
1 Koolawn
Pupry stake, run-down— Rose, of Tmlee beat
Admiral Dewe>; Maid of Bail boat Riot Act;
Gold Hill beat Miss Bkyball: Highland nail
beat Robin Adair: Trinket beat Caadel&ria;
i Deauty Spot beat Daisy Deane; Statesman beat
1 L;iri> Marlon: Luxor beat Huiuan.
j The winners of the first round should be Rose
I of Tralee. Hishhind B»U. Trinket and Luxor.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Courts Southern Heights and Prs-
cita Delight Their Many Friends
With Good Programmes.
Court Southern Heights of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters celebrated Its
sixth anniversary last evening by an en
tertainment and dance in Odd Fellows'
Hall, which was crowded with the mem
bers and their friends. The hall was
most tastefully decorated in white and
pod and the national colors. There was
presented an interesting programme of
music, song: and recitation, which was
added to by an address of welcome by
Charles S. Peery, high vice-chief ranger
and one by High Chief Ranger G. A.
McElfresh. The several numbers on the
programme were warmly applauded.
There was dancing until midnight.
The main hall of the Mission Masonic
Temple was crowded to the doora last
y- :^.;;., V'' :V; ; ADVERTISEMENTS. -_
Q A Decidedly
% fiR9QQQI !Dbc3OCy 77T 77 />
= egjoag locaoacj r 11,1,1, nf <\7?fl,T)
I l||\ I|l Ipi / • -^^ 0 / new ideas.
'^i it WWW Cm IS^^Oy DDDnDO /7-T7 11 i n ' l
y tt\W H°°°iW jaDan? ' 16 SW6bl6St Of new winter
lW)||§i.||| fabrics.
Monday
V \i/ Will be a feast for good dressers.
I
A Pretty Sight Monday
Is the n"ic ftwlX Sn '<? and coats of- TTA, mi nip mmli in mi -rrrinpQ -Pew
feredatELEVEjY-FORTY-FIVE. vi 6 qwove such umj prwesfor
They're simply beautiful, full of rich good clothes that all Can be Swell
tailoring and new ideas, in rich shades of r/rp<i<fpr<i
Blue Serge, in fancy worsteds, in new ef- wr Vd&cf i>.
fee's. 1
Overcoats in Kerseys, ■ Tan • Coverts, with \ I
fancy plaid back?. An array of merchan- — rtn^sdS)
disc that can't be equaled at $20. C _«JL v^s^ji
A tiny price for Monday at ,^<£^P-^* V \*W I •
Tiny Prices .. / I laAi / / 11
jb. hi y i £ ivvo / / ivi /A 1
Shall rule on Monday on suits in new and I ii ° I \ffiioso "I- \ "*\|
handsome winter colorings for dress up IV 1 V \f>' jl~ r-~~ (jn/JK 1/
wear, for natty business war. >. I \ «=?===-, i \ y/3^ ' — -/|l!//\ /
The Overcoats, inthatrich Royal Blue and \ I|^^? o |/\(\^ I*l \ I
Black Kersey, so popular for winter wear. — 1/ lil 1 \l
I?i fact, a layout of swell winter garments I l^~~lfd! ' \\l V
that haven't their equal at SIX to $18. j^ ffl Tisyifell If /
Tiny pricss we say for these Monday at l^^^ | iTInTTSTni vJr /
tplO»u(jL // // Tjt I
They re Off, /
Nob in quality, not in style, lit or finish, \ "^^ 7 J ~rS~gJj \^^^ IjL*^ 1
but simp!'/ the price. All- Wool Cheviot %~? ••
Suits in Blues nnd Blacks, swell patterns §r
/«/ Scotch Fine winter-weight Kersey
Overcoats in Blues, Blacks and Tans. /1> fr"y dT\ F&
Can't be equaled at $ I .' to $14. . jf \Jk H>L
A great leader for Monday for swell CO & i^/fyS
dressers, at ------------- ■
STRIPES
ACROSS.
The New Man- 4^»%,
arch Shirts, g§|§lP§|§
new fall styles, [||||f^^S
with pretty jypKJS
stripes across, PI : • il|sf ■
in Helio, new : \ f.gp!^::
Blue an I many |;| : |jjrf|f;
new sh ades. |tj3^iftr] L-^lfS ' '
Now be a swell liiial^'l
dresser. Worth |ip^^?|||
Monday at /# f
$i.oo. ' -Jarum,
FAST BLACKS.
Men's F<%st Black Hose in
very soft and silky BiJbriggan,
also tans in good winter weight.
Monday's leader at
9c the Pair.
night by the members and frionda of
Court Preclta, Independent Order of For
esters, present by invitation to attend an
entertainment piven by the members of
the court. Those present were treated to
a choice programme of song, music and
recitations, there being no loss than fif
teen numbers, all remarkable for their
excellence. This .audience was also ad
dressed by G. A. McElfresh. H. C. R..
and C. S. Peery, H. V. C. R. A good
programme of dances followed the entei
ta.ir.ment.
A GENEROUS GIFT.
Albert K. Smiley's Donation of a Li-
brary Building and Park to the
Town of Redlands.
The Library Association of California
has passed resolutions of thanks to Al
bert K. Smiley for his liberal and pub
lic spirited action in presenting the town
of Redlands a costly, chaste and beauti
ful structure for the home of the Free
Public Library of that place, together
with the park in which the building is
located. At a meeting the association
expressed its views as follows: "The
California Library Association recognizes
in this gift for the public good a wise,
benevolent and far-reaching purpose for
the community directly benefited, and for
the whole State: a generosity which min
isters to practical ends in that it renders
attractive the acquisition uf knowledge
by all, both old and young; a liberality
Which promotes refinement and artistic
taste through the presence of forms of
beauty, and an example to others who
are questioning how they can best aid
their fellow men."
Temperance Mass-Meeting.
Rev. E. S. Chapman. D.D., State Super
intendent of the Anti-Saloon League, will
address a grand union temperance mass
meeting at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets, this afternoon at 3 o'clock. Seats
free and the public cordially invited.
Referee in Bankruptcy.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday nppointed E. P. Foltz of Stock
ton as referee In bankruptcy for San .Toa
ouln County. wttfi bonds fixed at $1000.
MILITARY CAPS. £mj£\
50 dozen New f^u^ss&lL
Regulation A^ £» 5&
Military C ip* \. JSL Jr
in Blue Cloth. y^JT
A very swell af- v^jis^v.
fair, enamel -M 1M 1 I. a ~
leather visor, embroidered with
large double eag'e, worth a dol-
lar, Monday, 50c.
BOYS' HOSE.
For Monday only. Our 25c
Heavy Ribbed Bicycle Hose,
fast black, for boys or misses,
sizes 6to 9 A. The last grab at
v 125 c per pair.
3-11-13-15 KEARIW ST.
■ -■-.-■ ' - ■ : . ■ - ■
A PUMPING
ASSOCIATION
IS CREATED
A Big Boost for the
Comstock.
COMMITTEE OF PRESIDENTS
THE UNWATERING PROJECT IS
NOW FORMULATED.
The Joint Committee Orders the Big
Lode Pumped Out and Retires.
Assessments Come
Next.
The great project of unwater'ng the
Comstock and resuming digging into Its
lowest depths made a big advance yes
terday.
At a meeting of the entire joint com
mittee representing all the twenty-four
companies the action of the executive
committee of two days previous was rati
fied, and It was ordered that there be
constituted a "pumping association," to
be composed of the presidents of all the
companies that will join in carrying out
the enterprise.
This pumping association now becomes
Unlaundered Shirts,
500 dozen V-^
Unl aiondered I "^V^"
Shirts, made of ■""v"' I' '"!/** s
New York Mills \ \x>gx
Muslin, pure i i
linen bosom, \
double inter- ■ o
locked sleeves [
and, shoulder. ;
A shirt worth o |
every cent of a \. i
dollar. \ /
Monday at \. /
48c. >■ \/
the important and controlling organiza
tion. The recently formed joint commit
tee, which gave birth to this association,
yesterday adjourned to the call of the
chair, and it Is hardly likely that it will
be called together again. The associa
tion will now take up the project.
This action was taken in accordance
with a resolution adopted by the execu
tive committee on Wednesday, which, In
effect, provided that a pumping associa
tion, composed of the presidents of all
companies which would contribute to the
expense involved, be formed; that the
members of the association act without
compensation; that the association cause
all the water in the workings below the
Sutro tunnel level to be pumped out;
that as each convenient level is reached
it shall be thoroughly prospected; that
the necessary machinery and power be
secured by the association; that the sec
retary be Instructed to report these reso
lutions to each corporation concerned,
with the request that it take action to
carry out the purposes of the association.
That was the condition of the enterprise
at the close of business hours yesterday.
The action of this joint committee yester
day was simply another step in carrying
out a well-considered and pre-determined
programme in which the controlling pow
ers in the Comstock mining companies
have already substantially agreed. These
powers are the interests of John W. Mac
kny, the Flood and Sharon estates. ♦ Se
nator Jones, Alvinza Hayward, Robert
Morrow and other large interests which
variously control groups of the Comstock
mines and their boards of directors.
Within a few days boards of directors of
part of the companies will meet and take
action which will be generally favorable to
the carrying out of the enterprise. One
feature of the programme will be the en
tering into joint agreements by all the
companies to pay a pro rata share of the
cost. Another feature will be the levying
of assessments to raise the money. This
is the way the money will be raised. The
agitation of the project Is already quick
ening the long torpid stocks into a condi
tion that will sustain assessing. There
will be low priced stocks that will not on
the sfStt rise sufficiently in price to stand
assessments, and It is proposed that In the
case of such stocks the directors of those
companies shall merely bind themselves
to pay their share of the expense at a fu
ture time when conditions for raising the
money become more favorable.
This is the programme in outline. It
has been pretty completely formulated
and it has now been quickly carried out
to the point of forming a pumping asso
f\ iL // VL
VERY SWELL !
And a tiny price is upon 'em.
300 pretty Middy Suits in Blue
Cheviots, full winter weight,
elegantly braided, in red, white
or black Soutache ; also Fancy
Scotches in swell effects; ages,
3 to 10 years.
A Monday Leader at
$1.89.
fe)\ \l\
HOBSON SUITS.
A swell suit in LONG pants,
military style, in Rough Twill
Blue Cheviot. The vest is beau-
tifully embroidered in cross
fi'ids. It's a military affair
with military buttons. This
suit, including the new mili-
tary regulation cap, elegantly
embroidered in silk, including
a pretty Marine Gun. Suit,
Cap and Gun Monday at
$3.98.
KNEE TROUSERS.
1000 pairs of g— - ) — _
All- Wool Knee m 7 -^j
Pants in Blue I /
Cheviots a d Iff///. \ MjWi
Fancy Cassi' 'JJJju j nil jj
meres, every "'& J y'' f *
pair with pat- _JL/
ent waist bands,
75c to $1 values, ages 3 to 15
years.
Monday at
50c.
ROUGH RIDERS.
These suits &«~\
are called \'~\
Rough Riders s\2J/L
because the /\^Q^\
pants are cay- J") ° \
air seated, also l.\ '' X
the knees are n^J » o^\
double, in full . 'V r
winter weight, L I Jj \{
in pretty home- |\\[ ,/ ILLI
spu-7is, in real ' !\ I it ■
Scotch Cheviots, hU ~Jj ' ,f
12 patterns to , WlM*
select from- Kg Ww
Ages, 4to 15 o*l4>
years.
These suits.
including EXTRA PANTS to
match, Monday at
v $2.95.
ciation and submitting the programme to
the various boards of directors. The for
mal action of the boards jf directors W |U
constitute the next step and on this ac
tion the Pumping Association will wait.
The boards of directors have full power
to act without tho intervention or any
stockholders' meetings.
Sir Henry Irving's next Shakesperean
revival will be "Richard II," which,
it is asserted, has not been presented in
a Londcm theater for forty years.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FA/r. c
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretior.s are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original syster.i of treatment.
RIJPHRE cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless?, sure and permanent
cure. YARICO4ELE, hydrocele.
swelling anu tenderness of the glands
treated witl* unfailing success, (onta.
ciont l»too«l poitJon in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system. Indies will receive special
attention for ' their many ailments.
WRITE 1/ you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L.
SWEANT, M. D., 737 Market street, Sao
Francisco, Cal.
34
HUTCHINSON
REFLECTS ON
AMERICANS
Emulates His Running
Mate by Defending
Our Enemies.
Matches Maguire's "Acts of Pi
racy" by Declaring Spaniards
Are Not Less Than Saints.
SALINAS, Sept. 17.— Consternation
struck the hearts of the Democratic
auditors who were present at the Pa
vilion to-night to listen to addresses by
Congressman Maguire and E. L*.
Hutchinson.
It is not fo long ago that the country
and particularly California was stirred
by the declaration made in Congress by
Magulre that the seizures of Spanish
vessels by our Warships were acts of
piracy. These words placed the guber
natorial candidate of the "combination
of isms and errors" on record so far as
his patriotism is concerned.
In evident emulation of hi? leader on
the amalgamated ticket Hutchinson,
the fusion candidate for Lieutenant
Governor, came down squarely with
both feet to-night in defense of the peo
ple whom this nation has been fighting
in the cause of freedom and humanity.
While <>n the one h:;nd Maguire has
denounced tho American! as pirates.
Hutchinson to-night played a good
second to him by claiming in the course
of his address that the Spaniards who
were opposed to our men in Cuba, Por
to Rico and Luzon were brave nnd no
ble and were always found lighting on
tin. side of liberty, justice and equal
ity.
In shdt, Americans, according to
Maguire, are pirates; and Spaniards,
according to Hutchinson, are saints
and humanitarians.
REPORT OF THE
STATE LIBRARIAN
Suggestions of General
Interest.
MANY CHANGES NECESSARY
HOW TO SECURE THE GREATEST
BENEFITS.
Separate Ivocms Needed for the Li
brary v , Law Department, to
Be Open to the Public
Evenings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 17.— Frank L.
Ccc-mba, State Librarian, has filed his
report with Governor Budd for the
forty-eighth and forty-ninth fiscal
years, ending June 30. IS9S. The report
is prefaced by a statement signed by
the Board of Library Trustees, calling
the attention of Governor Budd to the
fact that during the two years the re
ceipts amounted to $40,142 C 5 u-.d the
expenditures to $43,622 4G, leaving a
balance on hand of $.3969 88.
The trustees commend to th-» notice
of the Governor Librarian Coombs' sug
gestion to provide separate rooms for
the law department and the opening
of the same to the public during even
ing hcurs; to provide for the future
annual inventorying of books without
extra employment, and to enforce
strictly the :u!ls pertaining to the
lending of books.
Mr. Cocinbs says that under the rules
books taken from the library are re
quired to be returned within two weeks
from the time of taking them, but he
has found receipts against persons
privileged under the law to take books
bearing date from 1803 to the present
time. By persistent effort, he says, ho
hag been able to call in many of these
books.
Mr. Coombs remarks that the great
study of the library lies in the question
of Its utility. It is supported by the
State, yet, he says, it is simply the
State's storehouse of art and literature.
If such is its design, he adds, it surely
fulfills its purpose. If. on the contrary,
it is supposed to become useful to the
people generally of California, it falls
short of its object.
In the discussion of this question, re
ports Mr. Coombs, he has found several
ideas advanced. One is to maintain it
as a reference library; one is to make
it a circulating library, and another is
Co so amend the laws as to bring it in
contact with the several town and city
libraries, and to inaugurate a system
of exchanges with them with books
Otherwise beyond their control.
Mr. Coombs refers these suggestions
to the Library Trustees.
THE SiNGLE-TAX CONGRESS.
Well-Known Men Deliver Addresses
to Large Audiences.
OMAHA, Sept. IT.— At to-day's ses
sion of the Single Tax congress, con
vened in the Auditorium at the Exposi
tion ground?, addresses were delivered
by Hon. John H. Quick. Sioux City,
Hon. James Crosby, Denver, Colo..
Georpe V. \V>l)flk Chicago, Franklin H.
Wentwortn, Chicago, and John Z.
White, Chicago, on topics relating to
Flngle tax issues. Notwithstanding the
Inability of several prominent single
tax advocate* to fulfill their engage
ments to deliver addresses before the
congress, the sessions were well at
tended.
ior Assemblyman of the Sixty-Fifth.
6ANTA ROSA, Sept. 17.— Hon. E.
Seawell late to-night accepted the nomi
nation for Congress, for the First Dis
trict, at the hands of the Democrats and
Populistß.
Advances made on lurnlture and pianoi, with
or without removal. J. Noonao, 1017-1028 Mission.
On these treasonable records these
men are now before the voters of gen
erous and patriotic California, hun
dreds of whose sons are still in the
trenches before Manila; on these senti
ments publicly expressed, they ask to
be elected to two of the highest offices
within the gift of the people.
The Democrats opened their campaign
here to-night under the auspices of the
Maguire Club. Maguire was the prin
cipal speaker and treated of the princi
ples of the Democratic platform. He
attempted to explain his action on the
war revenue tax and claimed that his
party in Congress voted for and wanted
an income tax and were in favor of a
bond issue at all times. He denounced
General Barnes as a hireling of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
Hutchfnson, the candidate for Lieu
tenant Governor on the Maguire ticket,
made his irreparable blunder In his ad
dress prior tn Maguiro's appearance.
He claimed that the Spanish soldiers
were brave and noble and were always
to be found fighting on the side of lib- '
orty, justice and equality, and that
these bravo sons of Spain were first and
foremost in the support of Maguire.
Great consternation was noted in the
face of Maguire over this faux pas. and
the Republicans feel sure of victory
owing to this grave error. The meeting
lacked enthusiasm, not over 300 being
present.
DECISION AS TO
REGISTRATION
Judge Prewett Defines
the Law.
TEST CASE TRIED IN NAPA
A MISTY LEGAL POINT MADE
CLEAR.
Ruling Important to All Counties in
Which the Great Register Was
Net Ordered Canceled
This Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN. Pept. 17.— Judge Prewett
has just rendered an important decision
relative to the registration of voters.
It was a test case tried in Napa County.
The law is rather misty on the point
as to when registration should close.
Judge Prewett has ruled that in coun
ties where complete new registration is
made it must close eighty-five days be
fore election, but where only supple
mentary registration is being made
voters may be registered up to fifteen
days before election.
Under this decision registration in
Placer County will not close until Oc
tober 22. Vhis decision does not inter
fere with the provision requiring that
voters who are already registered but
wish to trasfcr from one precinct <o
another must do so not later
than thirty days before election.
The Judge, after citing the law, says:
From the foregoing it seems entirely
certain:
1. That registration in counties in
whirh a new registration is had must
coase on the eighty- fifth day before elec
tion.
2. That there is no specific provision
which says In so many words at what
time registration must cease in counties
in which no new registration is had.
3. That section 1083 fso far as not re
pealed or superseded by the amendments
to section 1094) entitles voters to vote who
are registered as much as fifteen days
prior to the election, and section 1095
makes it the duty of the Clerk to regis
ter them.
4. If this discrimination between the
two classes of counties is unconstitutional
(a point which It is unnecessary to do
fki<> in this action), then the eighty-live
days provision rtrops out and all regis
tration In all counties ceases fifteen days
before the election.
5. If the clause of section 1094 which
prohibits transfers from one precinct to
another applies to all counties, it is sim
ply a legislative blunder, which is incon
sistent but unimportant.
6. In counties in which a new regis
tration hns been ordered the Clerk must
seventy-two days before the election, ar
range all the affidavits of registration
and enter them in separate precinct
books.
7. In counties in which no new regis
tration is had the Clerk shall make up a
supplemental register for the printer, but
the precise period within which he must
do this is not stated, except as it is gov
erned by the general provisions that reg
istration ceases fifteen days before, elec
tion and that he must have It printed at
least ten days before election.
8. In counties In which a new registra
tion has been ordered the Clerk must, at
least, twenty-six days before election, de
liver the separate precinct books to the
printer and the printer must print them
at least ten days before the election.
9. In counties in which no new regis
tration is had it is simply provided that
the Clerk must have the supplemental
register printed "within the time pre
scribed for printing the register," which
Is at least ten days before the election.
It In thus seen that there is neither in
congruity nor lack of harmony ift the
statutes bearing upon this subject, ex
cept for the trifling blunder as to trans
fers from one precinct to another after
registration.
With the policy of the law the court
has nothing to do. so long as the consti
tutional right of the voter to cast his bal
lot is not unreasonably burdened or in
vaded.
The whole matter Is statutory and sub
ject to the limitation just suggested, and
the Legislature has the power to make
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 189 S.
DEATH OF A NOTED PRESBYTERIAN DIVINE.
REV. DR. JOHN HALL.
BELFAST. Ireland. Sept. 17. -The Rev.
Dr. John Hall of New York died this
morning at Bansor, County Down. He
was on his annual visit to Europe. He
died at his sister's residence. His health
had been broken down for more than a
year. He had hoped to return to New
York shortly and had already engaged
passage on a steamer for himself and
wife.
Dr. Hall's death was due to heart fail
ure. His wife and sons. Rev. Thomas
Hall and Professor Robert Hall, were
present at the bedside of the deceased
when he passed away.
NEW YORK. Sept 17.— Dr. John Hall,
who died to-day in Ireland, was born in
County Arm.-iph. Ireland, on July U, 1£29.
He was of Scotch descent. When 13 yean
old he emend Belfast College and was re
peatedly the Hebrew prize man. In IM9
INSURGENTS WILL
BE PREPARED FOR
ANY CONTINGENCY
flguioaldo Said to h|ave Secured
piQaQcial Bac^iog F rom a
European Natior).
Now tfye Fii'Pinos Boldly Assert They Cannot Be
Subdued by trje United States
or Spain.
Special Cable to The Call and the Nevr York Herald. Copyrighted, ISUS,
by Jiuiu-N Gordon Bennett.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
MANILA, Sept. 17.— A high official of
Aguinaldo's government informs me
that the dictator has succeeded in se
curing financial backing from a Euro
pean nation. He declines to say what
nation it is. According to hl3 talk the
insurgents will be prepared for any
contingency, no matter what the re
sults of the Paris peace conference may
be. My informant asserts that the
rebels cannot be subdued by the
United States or Spain. They will fight
for freedom without ceasinfir.
The departure of the hospital ship
Rio has been delayed until Thursday.
There is some Increase in the number of
eases at the hospital, but no deaths are
reported. Sidney May, of the Astor
Battery, who was wounded in the fight
of August 18, is convalescing, although
his recovery has been retarded by an
attack of diarrhea. He is booked to
sail for home on the Rio. The weekly
sick report from the hospital is as fol
lows:
Astor Battery— Henry Hunter, ty
phoid fever, convalescent; William
Carson, typhoid fever, condition se
rious; Hal Van Horn, wounded, condi
tion serious.
First Callforia— Charles Mills, ty
phoid fever, seriously ill; — Pray, ty
phoid fever, improving; John O'Neill,
dysentery, condition serious; James Ei
wanls, wounded, better; Fred Kelly,
such regulations as it sees fit. It has
s»>-n fit to make a distinction between
registrations of all voters of a county,
sometimes numbering tens of thousands,
and registrations of the mere additions
since the last election.
In the one case It has given the Clerk
eighty-five days within which to arrange,
classify and print the names of all the
voters In the county, while In the other
case it has provided that only fifteen
days are sufficient.
These distinctions are reasonable and
logical, and being founded upon the dif
ferent conditions in the two classes of
cases, it is not a matter of surprise that
the Legislature has made them.
It follows that the plaintiff Is entitled
to vote and a peremptory mandate miiPt
issue 10 the Clerk to proceed accord
ingly.
ESTERHAZY'S MOST
SENSATIONAL TALK
In London He Declares That Six
Hundred Dreyfus Documents
Were Forged.
LONDON, Sept. 18.— The Observer
this morning states that Count Ferdi
nand Walsh Esterhazy has betn in
London for ten days past, a fact, the
paper says, that Is known to a very few
here, and it is not suspected in Paris.
Count Esterhazy is occupying a flat
near St. James. He has shaved off his
mustache and it is not easy to recog
he was licensed to preach, and at once
engaged In labor us a missionary in the
west of Ireland. He was installed pastor
of the First Presbyterian Church at Ar
magh in 1852, and in 1858 was called to the
Church of Mary"s Abbey (now Rutland
Square), in Dublin. He received from
Quern Victoria the honorary appointment
of Commissioner of Education for Ireland.
In 1.567 Dr. Hall was a delegate from the
General Assembly of the Presbyterian
Church in Ireland to the Presbyterian
Church in the T'nited States, and after his
return to Ireland he received a call to the
Fifth-avenue Presbyterian Church in New
York. He accepted it, and entered upon
his labors in November. ISO 7.
A new church edifice was erected for Dr.
Hall In 1575 at a cost of about $1,000,000 on
the corner of Fifth avenue and Fifty-fifth
streef. He was elected chancellor of the
university of the City of New York in ISS2.
dysentery, improving: Thomas Collins,
typhoid fever, condition serious.
Thirteenth Minnesota — John Lawson,
Joseph Webb, William O'Dell, Henry
Currier, Albert Carlstrom, Carl Over
ton, George Johnston. A. Hanson and
Harry Miles, typhoid cases, all serious;
Gustave Ahlbert, typhoid fever, im
proving.
Terth Pennsylvania — Charles War
ren, wounded, condition serious.
AGUINALDO'S ASSEMBLY
CONTINUES IN SESSION
MANILA, Sept. 17.— The Philippine
National Assembly, which was inaugu
rated at M&loloa Thursday, continues
In session and' Is proceeding with the
work of appointing committees, formu
lating rules of procedure and other
routine matters.
The Assembly to-day unanimously
resolved to reject the proposal of a
joint Spanish-American protectorate
over the Philippine Islands or anything
of a Spanish nature.
There are three parties represented
in the Assembly, one favoring absolute
annexation and another absolute inde
pendence, wbfle the third is formeJ of
compromise annexationlpts, who appar
ently predominate and who suggest au
tonomy.
The Assembly probably will conclude
its discussion of this matter in a few
days.
Aguinaldo, the insurgent leader, is
reticent in regard to the pending ques
tions.
nize him. The Count explains that there
is no longer justice for him in his own
country, and says all he did was done In
blind unquestioning, brutal obedience to
orders from a superior.
"If I were ordered to take a gun and
shoot my own brother I would do so
without hesitation," Count Esterhazy
declared. He added that out of the
thousand documents in the Dreyfus
case approximately 600 were forged, and
that he was prepared to show by whom
and under what circumstances the for
geries were committed.
BIG RAFT ON THE WAY.
Three Million Feet of Piles Started
From Astoria.
ASTORIA. Sept. 17.— The big log raft
of the Robertson Company put to sea
to-day in tow of the tug Relief, and
when off thr> heads mv taken m taw .
by the collier Progreso for San Fran
cisco. The raft contains 3,000.f»T0 feet
of piling and is the last to leave the
Columbia River, the company having
decided to remove its plant to Puget
Sound. The weather is heavy at pres- j
ent, but it Is expected the riff will j
have no trouble in reaching its destina- '
tion.
For Congress From the First.
VISALIA, Sept. 17.— V. T. Clotfelter was
nominated this afternoon for Assembly
man of the Sixty-fifth District by the
Republicans.
TRIBESMEN OF
FORMOSA REBEL
In Arms Against Jap
anese Rule.
TWO FIERCE BATTLES FOUGHT
MANY KILLED AND WOUNDED
Otf BOTH SIDES.
Mikado's Troops Gain a Temporary
Victory— The Whole Southern
Portion of the Island
Inflamed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Sept. 17.— Mail advices
from Japan state that another formid
able rebellion against Japanese rule has
broken out in Formosa, this time in the
southern part of the island. Two bat
tles have been fought, one near Taichu,
the other near Taihoku. The tribes
were defeated by the Japanese troops
and the police. Many were killed and
wounded on each side, but details are
not obtainable. The rebellion is the
outcome of an attempt by the Japanese
administration to extend its jurisdic
tion over the semi-savage tribes living
in the interior.
According to official reports, a sum
mary of rebellious outbreaks in For
mosa during the last year shows that
42,000 persons were concerned in l<oo at
tacks in different parts of the island.
Five hundred persons were killed and
wounded by these semi-savages, 1500
captured and over 200 houses burned.
Their booty was valued at 237,000 yen.
on the other hand, 946 robbers were
i killed and 1450 taken prisoners.
PLOT TO ASSASSINATE
THE PRINCE OF NAPLES
Two Anarchists Boarded the Train
to Commit the Murder, but
Were Frustrated.
Special cable to The Call nnd the New York
Herald. CoDj-righted. IV<S. b- James Gor
don Rennett.
ROME, Sept. 17.— With reference to
the report that the Austrian police
frustrated a plot to assassinate the
Prince of Naples on his journey to
Vienna, the following: particulars are
to-day told from a good source: The
Prince's train was due to arrive in Les
$ pf W^^^ ]>:^^~ 800 men and women tried "OZO" last £
jiYWT f\*& f\ •Si we ek. 300 men and women are im-
£ 111 \w#^jb/\s/ J^llll pressed with the grateful sense of relief '^
«L i» Fo^**Ss?x that comes from the use of "OZO." 300 4
jyiip^ •■'; men an d women are now on the way to *§•
"f^ I ?b\3^J^inL Catarrh can be cured. It is only af"
"*■• '^w<t -s^^gfl thickening of the mucous membranes, ?
a >?®ii and if rightly treated is cured throughout a.
"€* /f^^^/^^k v% t^ le civilized world. If you are suffering *§.
SiilllP^ Ca^-w^^^J from Catarrh of the Head, of the Stomach, *r
4* |£^^^ W of the owels - of the Liver it will be to %r
") )))yi your interest to call and get a free trial of J[
% WBWf~~^~ "' the Great " ozo " Treatment for Catarrh. Jf
X BB^^^^-^^t '^^r^Slß If you live in the city you must come to J.
4 :^^^^^^^P ne 1 nstitiate ; if you live away from the |L
* «ff^^^s7^WlW city you ma y write' for a 4
!■■ '^^r^— l
f^^^^^^BH TRIAL TREATMENT! %
«j4 A new hope— i glad, big, helping hand is now offered to weak man/ The physicians of the great Hudson
Medical Institute have studied for years diseases peculiar to men, and have achieved a success in this department *£>'
v^ of medicine that brings encomiums from all parts of the United States. If 'you are suffering from ' Nervousness, A
j£ Nervous Debility, Weakness, Exhausted Nervous Vitality, Nervous Prostration, Sleeplessness, Despondency, Mental iL
"|^ Depression, Hysteria, Paralysis, Numbness, Trembling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in Side and Back, Apoplexy, '"*
«-•' Epileptic Fits, St. Vitus Dance, Palpitation of the Heart, Nervous and Sick Headache, Nervous Dyspepsia, Indiqes^
*£»r tion, Loss of Appetite, Constipation and All Affections of the Nervous System Write for Circulars and Testimonials. *|*
* .... THE NEW TREATMENT CURES .. . . &
«§* Nervousness, Weakness, Exhausted Vitality, Nervous Prostration, Sleeplessness, Despondency, Mental ' Depression *!•
«|i Apoplexy, Paralysis, Neuralgia. CALL OR WRITE FOR CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS ' *£.
& .... THE NEW TREATMENT CURES . . . . 4
«|* Nervous Debility, Epileptic Fits, St. Vitus Dance, Palpitation of the Heart, Nervous and Sick Headache, Nervous A
,gt Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Loss of Appetite, Constipation, Kidney Complaints. CALL OR WRITE FOR CIRCULARS. I|[
I TESTIMONIALS: f
T? New York City, N. Y.
«&:. Hudson Medical Institute— Gentle-
*? men: A few months ago I was a 1
*gk total wreck in mind and body and • 1
'.»-■ often wished .myself dead, but now ;.1
'f? I am a strong and healthy man and i
Jb>_ "feel that I have something to live | ]
■■-•'' for. Thanks to the Hudson Medical
•Ef- ■ Institute. Yours .with gratitude, :
r D. P. KENT.
*■ !
«£•[■ El Paso, Texas. •
f: Hudson Medical Institute—
"^ Doctors: When I visited you , gen- i
''*'. tlemen I was in such a condition ' '
•? that I never expected to return to ; ,
JLt my family, unless useless. After j i
j; taking your wonderful treatment for j !
«g* sixty days I was able to follow my |
j^ occupation as a locomotive engineer, |
V and am now completely 'cured. . Re- ■
spectfully yours, G. P. WATSON.
*i
<? : I feel like a new man, for I have ;
£+ regained my. health and strength and
if ■ all the energy of youth. -
*g T H. HUBBARD, Washington, lowa. ;
MX y — — -^— — ■ — — — - — ■ — — — . —.■ . "• i
f Send for Testimonials! .... I
I 1 ... . Call or Write for Circulars! "*****"** - ♦
I HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, I
I STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STREETS, f
•i|l SAN FRANCISCO, Cf\L^. >
~~ ~~ ADVERTISEMENTS. _________
A Man
Who ■*! ** •*
Wouldn't walk
■•• i ' ' ... )
a few blocks to save half the cost
*& of an article will never be very
*^ prosperous, for saving is the key to
prosperity. People who buy Cloth-
ing from us are of the prosperous
*> kind, for we save them half on
*^ everything. They walk a few blocks
and buy at wholesale prices. It's a
lesson in economy that causes you
' to buy here always, after buying
*£%" - once. Our Clothing outwears and
outlooks that sold elsewhere at
double the price. It is fashioned in
. the top notch of style and we fit
*£&* every one perfectly; whether it is
man, boy or child.
Wholesale Clothing Manufacturers,
Proprietors Oregon City Woolen Mills,
121-123 Sansome Street,
Between Bush and Pine.
Look for All Blue Signs.
LOOK OUT FOR IMITATORS
ben at 3:30 o'clock. There arrived ten
minutes earlier another train on which
the police were advised were two dan
gerous Italian anarchists, who intended
to assassinate the Prince. One got in
the cars at Viareggio and the other, to
avoid suspicion, at another station. The
Evansville, Ind. I
Hudson Medical Institute — Gentle-
men: lam feeling O. K. Words!
ire inadequate to express my thanks;
for the great good you have done
me. I will never forget the HudSon,
Medical Institute. F. H. MANN.
Sacramento, Cal.
Hudson Medical Institute— Gentle-
men: When I first started with
your medicine I was very low splr-'
ited. for I didn't believe it possible-
that I could ever be well again. To-
ilay I am a man in every sense ofi
the word; this is all due to your
wonderful remedy, "Hudyan." Very
sincerely,
CHARLES ANDERSON. |
Nanaimo, B. C.
Huc>on Medical Institute— Dear
Doctors: I write to let you know
that to-day I am a well man and
that you may place my name on
your long list of cured patients.
Your well wisher,
HUGH MILLER.
first was arrested, but the second suc
ceeded in escaping. An Italian military
attache who had gone to Lesben tc
meet the Prince told the facts. The
Prince turned pale and ordered tele
grams s!ent to the King and to Princess
Helena. •
La Grange, Mo.
Hudson Medical Institute— Gentle- *3L
men: I cannot praise your wonder- i
ful medicine too highly. "Hudyan" +y
has done much for me. Accept my ,•?
sincerest thanks for your honest
treatment. Yours very respectfully A.
ERNEST BAUER.
Your treatment has been a sue-
cess. lam perfectly satisfied with *T
same and will show my appreciation &
by sending all the afflicted people I *5T
can to you, good doctors A
J. W. ABSHIRE. Wabash. Minn. r
The last symptom of my trouble '?
has disappeared, which is indeed *ST
[wonderful, considering that I have £L
been afflicted with this disease for
over ten years. Accept my thanks i 2.
H. B. FAGER l EBtac P lon?M«?co *
j Any one who doubts the efficacy 3T
7 T Ur . modicin c may write to me *5T
and I will tell them what you have &.
accomplished in my case
F. N. DEANE, Pueblo, Colo. ■&>CLANCY'S BUDGET
OF IRISH NEWS
Provincial Demonstra
tion at Castlebar.
FLIGHT OF ENGLISH ARMY
CAUSES USE OF THE RATHER
SARCASTIC NAME "RACES."
Sound Advice Given Those Who Con
template Putting In Claims to
Ancient Estates in
Ireland.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN, Sept. The "98 cele
brations reached their culminating
point, no doubt, in the demonstration
in honor of Wolfe Tone in this city on
the 15th of last month, but the prov
inces have their innings all the same.
The scene of the latest provincial dem
onstration was Castlebar, where last
Sunday a tremendous crowd assembled
to celebrate the historic '•races" called
after that town, the county town of the
County of Mayo. The "Castlebar
races" is the sarcastic name given to
the flight of the English army from
Mayo on the mere report that the
French, who had landed at Killala, in
the same county, under General Hum
bert, were advancing. So great was
the terror of the English veterans un
der Lake that they never stopped till
they reached Tuam, • sixteen miles
away, and then they continued their
helter-skelter march to Athlone. They
never regained their presence of mind,
in fact, till they learned that Humbert
had under him but a few hundred men
and the rest of his force was made up
of raw and untrained Irish pikemen.
They rallied then and joined by a large
army under Lord Cornwallis— which of
Itself outnumbered Humbert's force ten
• times — they valiantly returned to the
combat, which terminated at Ballina
muck, in the County of Leitrim, in an
easy victory for the English. .The
French, who were taken prisoners, were
treated as prisoners of war and event
ually sent home; all the Irish who were
captured, or nearly all, were massacred
in cold blood, while for months after
ward there were so-called trials for
treason, which resulted in as many exe
cutions. Among those who died on the
scaffold was the popular leader, Bar
tholomew Reeling, whose descendants
were afterward connected by marriage
with the late Lord O'Hagan, the first
Irish Catholic who has occupied ih«
post of Chancellor in Ireland since the
reign of James 11. It was to ceav.^^
these events that a monument was
erected in Castlebar in honor of the
French general, and that the meeting
of Sunday last was held, at which,
among others, the foreign delegates to
the Wolfe Tone celebration were pres
ent; and It is for the same purpose that
another great meeting will be held to
morj-ow mi Collooney, in the County of
SJigo, near which a monument will be
soon erected in memory of the valiant
Teeiing.
Irish Nationalists are just now en-
Joying the unwonted spectacle of a
spat among the Orangemen of the
north. It is all over the representation
in the House of Commons of one of the
seats lor the County of Down. The
representative of North Down, Colonel
"Waring, recently died, and for his place
there are two Kichmonds— a Mr. Blak
iston-Houston and a Mr. Corbett. Both
are Orangemen, but with a difference.
The former is the aristocratic and land
lord candidate, the latter is the demo
cratic candidate, or "the candidate of
the people," as opposed to the select
coterie of genteel folk who have hither
to run the elections in Ulster in the in
terest of the Tory Government of the
day. The former is supported by Lord
Londonderry, whose son, Lord Castle
reagh, hopes to step into the seat, it is
said, when he has done soldiering a few
years hence, and for whom Mr. Blaki-
Bton-Houston, It is chargec. will
merely keep it warm till that time ar
rives. He is also supported by the fa
mous Orange chief, William Johnston,
M. P., of Bally Kilbeg, and other sup
porters of the present Government in
the House of Commons. Mr. Corbett,
an the other hand, has as his principal
backer the famous Orange divine, Rev.
Dr. Kane of Belfast, who has threat
ened to denounce the hero of Bally Kil
beg before the assembled brethren of
the Orange order at the first opportu
nity, and who, by reason of his power
ful and vigorous oratory — power
ful, I should say, on a hillside in Down
3r Antrim than in the pulpit— is a host
!n himself. It is hard to say how the
3ght will go, and the result will be ex
:eedlngly interesting, as it will be in-
Jicative of the future course of events
In the Orange quarter of Ireland. If
"orbett and Kane win it will mean the
entire smash-up of the Irish landlord
party in the only quarter of the coun
try where they have any power or in
fluence left. Nor would such an • v •■•
mean much of a loss even from the
Orange point of view, for never has
there been in any Parliament in the
world such a collection of utter dead
heads as the Irish landlord members in
the House of Commons. During my
>Wn time in that assembly I have never
known a single one of them worth a
straw in debate. In strategy, or in
rnanship. This is curious, to say
the least, considering what advantages
the landlord class have had over all
>ther classes in Ireland for two hun-
Ired years. Mr. Lecky and Mr. Carson,
the present representatives of Dublin
University, are apparent exceptions;
out neither of them in reality belongs
to the landlord claps, and I rather
fancy that neither in his heart of
learts has much sympathy with it.
A series of remarkable feats of Irish
feminine heroism was commemorated
n this city a few days ago. In June of
•ast year a fearful epidemic of typhoid
broke nut in one of the islands on the
Atlantic coast — Inniskea — about- twen
.y miles from Belmullet, in the County
jf Mayo. There was no medical of
ficer on the island, and no skilled
aurse. This was the state of things
vhen Miss Frances Dorothy McAllister
md Miss Honoria Kenny started on
:he 10th of June from Dublin for Bel
rullet. They had to wait at Belmullet
tor a day, for there was a storm on in
be Atlantic, and only those who have
teen the ocean there in its wildness can
Appreciate what a storm is on the west
-(..■■ t of Ireland. As the force of wind
md tide abated they decided not to
(valt for the Government steamer,
vhich was to convey them to their des
:lnation, hut to start at once on their
nventy miles' journey in coracles, . a
rery primitive style of boat, as the
lame mdi r s. How they succeeded
ti crossing is a marvel, but they did,
md immediately settled down to work.
They had to fight against unsanitary
•onditions of living and even against,
it first, the distrust of the poor and un
iducated islanders; but they struggled
»n till they themselves were stricken
town with the fever, when they had to
»c conveyed back in an open boat to
THE EMPORIUM. |
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
Another Men's Sale-
Fall Suits at $8.50.
f^\ Just 275 single and double
B^jq breasted Fall Sack Suits for
j/triL men — suits that have been
/ y/^sr\ retailing (and were a good,
/ T I \ big value) at $10 and $12.50
1-h 1 hf Vj are offered far one week,
V a P\i commencing A\on- *nq rz£\
s\( day> at 5>0.3U
I/ I [ Black, blue, gray or brown Chev-
/ A iots. " \
Il\ I Medium, light or dirk colored
I / I I Cassimeres.
11l We invite the most critical
//I f^ comparison with suits offered
\\ A, Y^^ elsewhere at $12 and $13. Take
nj^\s them home and if not satisfied
I* return them and get your money.
Men's and Boys' Hats.
Latest Fan Block Dert-y has been received— a very
nobby style, but not extreme — suitable for either *- Ac -
youn r or miJdie-aged men — two grades. ..sl.Bs anJ4>^«4t>
Fedoras in the popular shapes and colors — all-*, Q _
ii k band and 1 inding o.;c, $1. an 4> J.OD
Children's Caps — yachts, golts, sai.or? — in fhnnel, . Q
serge, cassimere and leather .' 4"C
SENSATIONAL Ribsofl SfllC
SENSATIONAL ItJUDOII <33116«
For three days only — Monday,
Tuesday en i Wednesday — 30,000
yards best quiity, rich,' Ali-silk AYt^T — "" -= *- :; S)
Sa in Ribbons will beoffereJ at about /'t^a\ f£-\^^
halt regular prices. By the pLce or iH'^i' ffi-vl
yard, but none to other dealers. \\\ 'A^-'i
The following excellent assortment {\\\. K \JS^Ari
of colorings now in stock: ■] VV\\\ //^\ vl
Black, Mais, Yellow, 'A VAwf ' i /I VA
Myrtle. Grays, Cardinal, Tl V \V§{ \ I * J// /\"*,\
Mahogany, Light Blue, Tans, J \r\\ \\li/'/ /V
Pink, Browns, Navy, /|l\-v\ V v > 'fJ^/
Cerise. iU\A>W^V^
No. s—l inch— worth 8c yard 5c I \jJnn\K\ \S'
No. 7—lJ47 — 1J4 mch — worth 10: yarJ...sc \p^V--\J>Ss. ky
No. ,9— i; s ' mch — worth I2>^cya:d.7c vl (^VfVpii^
No. 12—2 in h — worth 15- yard. ..Be V \-Jt \~JJ T^
No. 16 — 2% mch — worth 20: yard lOc
No. 22— 2% inch— WO. th 25c yard 12'~,c
New Notions.
Shell Side — assorted patterns — pair 25c
Ladies' "Empire" Ci m s From S5 down to 50c
Ladies' S:tin Brit Hose Supporters— ail colors 25c
Ladies' Jeweled Metal Belts— gilt and oxiJized :
$7.50 down to 35c Each
Finishing Braids— white and colors— per piece be v> 20c
Cabinet Hair Pins— 100 pins assorted with invisible 5c
Surety Pn Books— assorted sizes 15c
French S;wing Thread (a substitute for sKk)— 500-yard^
spools 1 15c
3-inch Horn Hair Pins— shel, amber and black— plain
and crimped — dozen...." 10c
Gair's "Quren' 1 Skirt Supporters— all siz;s — -*eh 25c
"Fin d; S.eclt" Hair Combs, in shell 75c and 51.00
"Ma: nine That Ta.'ks."
The new "Gr^phophone" Room on second floor is an
Interesting place to visk when you arc in the Dig store.
Com? and hear famous m:n and women talk :tn.i sln^ and
hear renowned bands discourse swtet music no charge.
Eagle Graphophones — complete $10 .
Columbia Graphophones — complete $25
cords (complete iis'), 50c ea.n ....S5 dozen
$1.75 WeSsbach Lights
$1.18.
These prices are tor 3 days only.
Every article guaranteed as repre-
sented or money retunJed. Agents
wanted everywhere.
Afi.7s Self - Lighting
G is Lamps — 3-day price
>4 SI.IO
95c Samson Incandes-
— — jMT^r^. cent Gas L.imp, com-
iji plete like cut —3- lay
I price 7Sc
¥AgooJ7scGasLimp,
complete — 3-day price...
j, 49c
50c Welsbach Mantels— 3-day price
34c
25c Samson Mantels — 3-day pr c?
20c
2cc No. 2 grade Mantels — 3-- y
price »7..'. .........8c
15c Lead Flint G ass Chimney* —
3-day p ice ice or 3 for 25c
25c Jena Glass Chimneys — 3-^ay
pri.e 15c or 2 lor 25c
fa *.*444444**4«**4**4«4«*«
the mainland. Their places, however,
were at once taken by two other
trained nurses— Mrs.. Elizabeth Carson
and Miss Mary Simpson— who were also
soon overtaken by the same fate. The
gap was again tilled at once by Miss
Elizabeth Doyle and Miss Margaret
McMunn. Again the fever played
havoc. Miss Doyle was attacked, and
so in succession were Miss Talbot. Miss
Kathleen Mary Kinsella ;tnd Miss Col
gan, who successVvely went to the isl
and. Rut all these disasters did not
stop' the invasion of lady nurses. Miss
Surah Jane Caldwell, Miss Flora Kath- j
leen Fitzmaurice, Miss Mary Simpson J
and Miss Grace Simpson went from i
Dublin one after the other and eventu- ]
ally conquered the epidemic, the only j
fatal results from which were the ,
deaths of one adult and one infant, al- ,
though It was of a particularly viru
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM. |
Items From the New House Furnishing Department.
Prices that the most economical housekeepers won't object to paying.
He.ivy Galvanized li jll RF5T~^""r-n N§lf i^y '
Iron Foot Bath Tub-40c «i ==^ === r^ <$<*> <^ I |) ___-—,
: * C£j£|p , £ C ,' O t fh 'L W v n T' A gOOd Ice . Cream Colored Finer Bowl /Sp|ipplp||S^
|JJ=gp2g|j A ClothesWrin*er, A good ke Cream and p itC hh re r— light bue rfnSlPP^ill
furnished with a VTSfrC^ " ?d '. . c' ._ 'fINS used V V"VV -to fit A No. 7 Superior Ranee—
-^jWJWJ^^^ good brass burner %^ r Coal ~^kin V*-£>-^ «J ' set up in city-with hot water
This painted Bird anJ largs wick— \^_J,/ 25c * of coal oil, blue flame, pas chair, including: bra^s back, inducing connecting and
Cage— complete 65c complete 75c or gaso stove... $1.75 head nails— each..:.. 10c plumbing, complete f0r. 519.00
lent character. The story of the re
markable bravery of these ladies —
which surely was as great as that of
any soldiers who have ever been in bat
tle — gradually traveled to England, and
it was decided to recognize it by ad
mitting all of them to the Order of St.
John of Jerusalem, of which the Prince
of Wales Is prior; and last Saturday
they were decorated in the Viceregal
grounds in Phoenix Park here by the
Countess Cadogan (wife of the Vice
roy) with the Maltese Cross. Of course
the Dublin people are very proud of the
whole affair, though they would wish
that the recognition of the ladies' hero
ism had assumed a more distinctively
Irish character.
Already preparations are beginning
, for the electoral battle to be fought
, throughout Ireland next spring under
the new local government act. The
NURSES WHO WENT TO INNISI^EA.
THE EMPORIUM. |
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA GRANDEST STORE
The famous historical painting, "Sheri-\ The fully illustrated 128-page Fall- and
dan's Ride," by the poet-painter, Thomas Winter Catalogue, giving the prices of every-
Buchanan Read, on exhibition in art room, thing to wear, eat, drink or furnish your
second floor, free. Each visitor { presented home, free to out-of-town folks.
with a copy of the poem. Mail Order Department. •
s^ Autumn Dress Fabrics S£k
Unrivaled elegance in Silks — exclusive effects in Dress Goods
— a more complete showing at such very low prices never graced
the departments at the beginning of a season. As in most cases
styles cannot be duplicated when present lots are gone, an early
choice is desirable.
38-inch Cheviot Checks, in Epangle, in all the new colors— 4B-inch English Dl- Satin Duchesse— Plain and
dark effects— 4o-inch Jac- Fail colors— 46 inch Poplin, agonals, in iridescent effects Fancy S.ripe Duchesse— in
guard Suiting, melange ef- in the latest shadings— —48-inch English Satin Coy- the new color- *N rt *"\ ET.
tccts— and 40-inch Raised inch Silk and Wool Poplin crt, in 6 new shades s2- ings. .....
Mohair, in two- o* pw Plaid, in 10 designs— h inch Broadcloth, satin finish,
tone effects P S&* Satin Royal, in the correct in ail new colors— Rvfe-n ■■ ■' - — —
* ms ~*^' Fall shades— 46-inch Biya- Suiting, in the /£ g;- Cf|. '■ 22-Inch Two-toned Crystal
37-inch Ottoman Pla ds, dere Novelty Suiting, in 5 new colors ;. J% I tClvF Cord Brocade— Satin Duch-
with silk bar — 38 inch Cre- color comDinations— 46-inch _£_- esse— Ombre Snipes-Fancy
pon Suiting, in the new com- Silk and Wool Chevron — - Mervellieux Zigzag Em-
rinaiions— 46-inciT London Suiting, in 8 colors— 42-inch 20-inch Novelty Stripe, broidered Stripes — figured
Checks, in 4 color combina- Grani c Cloth, /K| f\(\ Plain Stripes, Broken Plaids and Striped Novelty Taffeta
tions — 40-inch Sik-mixed very new, all^l-vFVf and Checked Taffetas— Em- —new colorings R»/\
Suiting, in 5 new snadin^s— shades — broidered Peau de Soie, and combina-^|«vJV/
46-inch French Henrietta, striped and figured— 24 'nch tions
ail woo!, in standard shades 54-inch Mellonette Cloth, Plain Striped dU g (\f% —
—and 50-inch Habit Cloth, for tailor suits —46 inch Taffeta, fancy 7J% 1 • */*/ 22-inch Novelty Matalasse
in all the staple r^/> Whipror 1 , in two-tone ef- c010ring5......... — Omorc Pia.ds — French
colors *lf^ fects— 4B-in.h Poplin, n;w . Ribbon Plaids-Novelty Peau
v-^vrv/ tr ] ue> brown, olive and red— 21-inch Ombre Plaid Silks, de Soir—Sitin Luxor— Ca-
44-inch Poplins, in the new- 46-inch Drap de Paris, a new invisible paid novelty stripes meo Satin Plaids and Fancy
est Fnlicolors— soinch Che- weave, in correct shades — —Peau de Soie fancy stripes Satin and Taf- g *?K
viot Serge, in Fail shades — 46-in Silk and Wool Baya- and figures, satin stripes and feta Weaves.... •^Wj« «.vJ
46-inch Novelty Suiting, d-:? Sui ing, in all new col- fancy satin weaves, in a com- ................ .....--
black over>hot"44-inch Che- — 46-inch London Twills, pleie line of Fall VN g j/\ — ;
viot Checks, in the new in two-tone color rf\ g *~% C? colorings...... u^| # '" 22-inch Black Armure Satin
combinations— s2-inch Ama- effects 7^ |«^r3 __ Duchesse — Epingles Sum '
zon Cloth, in the standard Luxor— Bengaline --Faille-
colors— 52-inch Bak and 22-inch Novelty Plaid Silks, Mascotta Gro> Grain and :
Navy Diagonal, mm mm 52-inch Corkscrew Twiils, in satin effect.-, and i;n.y Rhadames— g fSf\
excellent value... £ v3C in 5 new co — 54-inch Pure weaves — Printed Warp $1.50, $1.25 and j) |j»VJ'V/
. Mohair Diagonal, in 6 new French Surahs' — Novelty .■••••• - —
Grocery Specials — 2 Days. For Camera Folks.
rr mnLfXr .:.. m ri niir /-ihoro ie mno hotfoe^ " Photozs," the specially designed albums for Kodak
Emporium Hour (there is none better; .. sque . gee » ' prints s izes up t0 sxB inches. wh-n fined
• — Will be SOld all this Week, per O^^ witn lhe P' cturcs you have taken they make gifts that
« - Zjr £r\j '<re highly prize dainty art cloth covers. i
SaCK . . • 6-leaf book tor 12 photos '.......'• ......50c
Wool Soap— takes out grease spots— regularly 5c or i2-le.ir book for 24 photos ....:.... 75c
eacn— Mondav nd Tuesday 8 tor : ZDCiThe Pet Candle Lantern, regularly 40c— «p:ciiL 25c.
Babbitt's "76" Washing Pow>r-the 5 c size- ~ c Gossamer Focusing Cloths, regularly soc-special5 oc-special
Monday and Tuesday 10 packages... 25c 4x5 Daranoid Trays, regularly 2 8c-special .20c
y ' ■ v., , _ , •.. . 3^x3^ Cyclone D-v Plates, regularly 40c— special 25c
Crosse & Blackweil s Lucca Uil— he large size— Antnony's E:onomi.al Developer, regularly 40c, sp:cial 3oc
Monday and Tuesday J/C c on ensec } light; the best flashlight, regularly 35c oz.—
Postum C-rea —he large packages — sold regularly .- : special ...'.... ...........20c
at 25c— Monday and Tuesday JoC : : ■ —
New Skirt Binding.
■ • iji j j x A There are all kinds of Bias Cor^'u-oy Dress Bindings,
L qUOfS Monday and IlieSday. { - but none to equal -+ne pure-dye "Velutina." It's male .
Bourbon Whrskey-ror two days, ga110n....' 52.00 from the famous "Ve.utina •• which was formerly only
"''',,-, 1 11 n h^old in fir pi^ce goods. The genuine is stamp-d
Good Table Ciare:-:or two days, gallon. ............23c "Velutina" on bjck of every yard. It comes in black 7r7 r
Choice Old Port Wine— for two days, ga ! lon .:............ 50c an all colors— per yard '*"
Cyrus Nobie Pur Rye Wiiskey-tull quirt b0tt1e5...... 99c I . Notion Dep't.-lst floor. . . '■ ;;
process of revising the electoral regis
ters begins next week, and it will con
tinue for a month. Of course in the
great majority of the Irish constitu
encies no process of revision can do
away with the Nationalist majorities;
but in a few places, such as parts of
Dublin City and County, where there is
a strong and wealthy Unionist minority,
the light will be stiff and the National
ists may lose some seats through mere
apathy and indifference on their own
part and through the superior organi
zation, the large funds available and
the great activity of their opponents.
For in close constituencies in this coun
try money spent on the registers can
and does win elections. The Unionists
In Dublin are past masters in the art
of stuffing the lists of elections. They
put in totally unqualified men by the
hundred. When they have not got un
THE EMPORIUM. |
qualified persons in sufficient abun
dance they put in imaginary persons,
they serve objections (at the cost of
three pence a piece) through the post
on Nationalists by the thousand, with
the result that they succeed in exclud
ing a large proportion of Nationalists
who are perfectly well qualified, but
who will give neither time nor morey
to the work of registration. On this
occasion the Unionists have been par
ticularly active in the Dublin area.
Their success, however, must be lim
ited. They have not got the material
for victory. All the same they will give
a good deal of trouble, and may do
more harm to the Nationalists than the
latter imagine.
Perhaps I may be allowed here to
give an answer to a letter which I
lately received from a San Francisco
reader of The Call. My excuse is that
I have unfortunately mislaid the letter
and cannot remember the address of
the writer, who is a lady, and to whom
I would not wish to appear rude. The
lady in question read. It appears, in a
recent letter of mine the story of a re
turned Irish-American who instituted a
suit In one of the chancery courts here
for the recovery of an estate in th*
County of Galway. and she. being a di
rect descendant of the famous family
of the O'Neills of Ulster, thought that,
perhaps, there might be some use in her
too taking the field in a similar way in
search of her ancestors' property, and
she asked me for my opinion and for
the name of a lawyer who would take
up her case. My answer would be that
she had better stay where she is and
not waste time and money on her sug
gested legal campaign. The Judges
here in such cases are quite above sus
picion of not doing right, but the rules
of law — herein I speak of what I know,
for I am a barrister myself — require
them to act only on the strictest legal
proofs, and I do not believe that such
proofs are available in the case of my
correspondent, for the transactions
which would have to be gone into are
ho old that they may be said to be now
incapable of legal proof. Even the
Irish-American who had a complete
chain of evidence in the siiape of legal
instruments reaching hack a hundred
years failed, owing to the Judge taking
a view of the legal effect of a particu
lar deed, which was adverse to the
claimant's contention. It Is true that
he has appealed; but the general opin
ion Is that he will fail in the appeal,
too. I am sorry for my correspondent,
but there Is proverbially little use In
I THE EMPORIUM. |
' • ■. . -'" ? . '■•'♦'. :
The New Overcoats, £3 *
Stylish, T? $
Economical. /v^a I
Stock complete — Coverts, I \ fi "t
\ \ ii ♦
Kerseys, Vicunas, Cheviots, Un- \ V \| *
finished Worsteds, in Blacks, \ (t~~^~*yZjL J
Blues, Grays and the new Olive ., 'r^ ♦
Shades, with plain silk or fancy — j. . ♦(•
linings. We have strained every J |J!
effort in trying to give the best IT^TJ\ *
possible values ever offered in // / / \ ♦
overcoats at the popular prices — 1 1 11 \ • :J;
$7.50, $10, $12.50 [| M ; I
and $15. i«L I
IJ—-TS7 STYLISH, J?.
{ Jsf^o SATISFACTORY J
SHi - ■ Shoes : i
aII^II at low prices. ... %
I i'w^. Ladies' Paris Kid Lace Shoes, J
W^l : if''iW^i ' fancy basket-cloth tops, new coin 2,
Ps^Pm^,, toes, patent leather tips, flexible
soles, all sizes and widths. * . Q0 -%
X I^^ 4>>.70 <f
X^^J^^. Ladies' fine Vici Kid Lace and ♦
s^outton shoes, new coin toes, patent ♦
leather tips, flexible soles, all sizes and widths. * f 00 2
$J. 70 }
Misses' and Children's fin; /,y 4
Kid Lace Shoes, cloth and kid . Rip— -dr ♦■
tops, new coin toes, patent-leather <= \ /^/\ *
tips, spring heels— ' ]?W ' ' *
Sizes 8^ to 11 .....$!. 23. i/ x <*
Sizes to 2 $1.48. Fjg*^. />/ > 1
Boys' and Youths' Satin Calf LM? NHr ] 3
Lace'S:ioes, new coin toes and &* y\^J :^
tips, durable soles — /^-^\jj^^ <";
Sizes 11 to 2 $1.45. y^ ■ ♦
Siz.s 2^ to SK-- $1.70. (Tl_3^'' ssS *^ *
= Fall Neckwear |
And novelties in All-over Nets, Embroidered Chiffons, >♦'
Laces, Parisian Bands, Appliqued Nets, Chenille Spot .*
Drapery Nets,, Ruchings, ShirreJ Liberty Silks, etc. *
, Black Liberty Silk Chiffon Collarettes in daintiest : J.
styles, made i°xtr 1 full, at $3.50, $2.50, $2.00, $1.75. 5
$1.25 and $.00 each. A4g <<
. Noveitv Blouse. Fronts, made of liberty satin, trimmed -<••
in shirred bands and accordion-pleated silk with handsome ♦
stock collar, at $3.50, 53.00, $2.50, $2.00 and $1.75 each; : i-*f
Black Liberty Cape Collarettes — a handsome neck *
.dressing — some distinctly new ideas, made, on liberty . 2
satin trimmed in shirred liberty silk, witn handsome col- 2,.
iar, at $9.00, $7. 50. $6.50, $6.00, $5.00 and $4.50 each.
New and exceptionally good Real Ostrich Collarettes— <$
rich and sMossv Black Feathers — made extra full— sold asa <#"
leader at $3.75. ' ♦
Real Ostrich Feather Boas — glossy black — ♦
36-inch $8.50, $10.50, 11.50, $12.50 and $13. 50. J
45-inch $10.50, $12.50, $15.00. 2,
inch .. ..'.'..!.„ f 12. 50, $i»;.oo. ? 17. so. , .
Oxford BibSes. '$■
Self-pronouncing OXFORD TEACHERS' BIBLES— *
bound in seal — Divinity circuit — large type on Oxford J
whl.e piper — new helps — and. 124 ,iull-pa?e illus'rations— 2,
size g xs!^— publisher's price $2.75— special at (1* 1 r(\ «
Tostage extra, 35c. «J/ > *>J\J +>
Self-pronouncing OXFORD WORKERS' BIBLES— *
same binding an print, but with helps not so <t "I «
extensive— publisher's price $2.so— special at... 4) > *^"J 2,
•?.'.'.*' ■ "»v Postage extra, 22c. ■•
A CHILD'S BlBLE— Oxford Text Bible in French «
Morocco— Divinity — linen lined — good type and pa- ♦
per — size s^x3^— publisher's price $1.25— special... QEZ r X
•'•: "■■ 'Postage extra, 10c. / >J\* *^,
__i__ ; ■ . «
throwing: good money after bad. How
ever, if she wishes to learn the name
of a trustworthy solicitor and if she
writes to me again I will gladly tell
her.
WHEAT MARKET ON
A STRONG BASIS
ENGLAND HAS ALREADY DONE
SOME BUYING.
Fanners Will Hold Out Crops for a
Year in Hopes of Better
Prices.
The wheat market during the past
week was very active, and prices were
disposed to a higher range. The senti
ment which two weeks ago was ex
tremely bearish has now shown a re
versal. Outside influences are gradually
working around in favor of an advancing
tendency. The bears who worked the
big crops racket to its limit and inci
dentally oversold themselves are now
going through the same experience the
bulls passed through. They are not as
sure of their position as they were.
Conditions throughout the United
I States are too prosperous to admit of
', extreme low prices for farm products
i this crop year. It is more than likely,
regardless of the large crops, that prices
have been forced below their actual
worth more from influences brought
about through the failure of Letter. His
immense holdings were thrown upon the
market at a time when the new crop ap
peared. One carried the other down un
til the bottom was made apparent by the
heavy demand for spot wheat. This de
mand has been sufficient to absorb all ,
offerings at advancing prices. Millers'
stocks continue dangerously low, in the
face of free deliveries. The holes made
by high prices for the crop of 1897 seem .
larger than the trade generally anticl
j pated. Farmers are not disposed to sell
'their wheat at present prices. This fact
; is particularly noticeable throughout the
I winter wheat sections, where deliveries
are rapidly falling off. Many farmers
1 claim they expect to hold their wheat
for a year or more, unless they can get '
; their price. It will not be unlocked for :
; if much of this year's crop is carried
over into 1899. The free deliveries of i
wheat In the spring wheat sections show
signs of decreasing. Enough has been
marketed to defray the necessary harvest
expenses.
Money is easy throughout the North
west. No doubt, more wheat will be
THE EMPORIUM.
Wall Paper.
The new fall and winter designs of J
Wall Paper are in from the factories, "f
and includ: all the latest novel les Z,
and colorings and prizi designs. '#.
These special offerings are at greatly 2,
reduced prices. <#
22-inch Parlor Papers — immense Jj
variety of designs and colorings — J
regularly 40c per roll — to-mor- ~\r\ ]J
row and during the week .ZUC
H;avy Embossed Papers — 4r\ ♦
worth 20c p;r roll >\JC ♦
Fine Gilt Papers in stripes, p
chintz and floral effects— per roll OC
Bedroom Papers in all colors — and ♦
innumerable pretty designs — *>?i *
per roll 5c to /2C 5,
Varnished Tiles and Washable Pa- >f
pers for bathroom and kitchen — ♦
worth 35c roll Z>OC ♦
Prepared Hous? Paints and Enam- J
els in nil colors — ;et our lowest prices «
in window shades. m
stored this year than ever before. The
conditions abroad are more hopeful as re
gards higher prices. Liverpool, Paris and
Antwerp markets are gradually growing
stronger. Russian deliveries for Septem
ber have in many instances been canceled,
showing the crop of that country being
largely in the balance. It is reported that
renewed damage has overtaken the crop
of Russia. It is a noticeable fact that
offerings are greatly less. England will
soon begin to buy winter supplies; in fact,
considerable buying is now going on, and
this, coupled with nome demands, should
give the market a very strong basis.
Many things aro changing which must
affect wheat prices. Crop experts arj now
contradicting themselves, many revising
their early estimates, reducing the total
crop from 700,000,000 to 665.000,000 bushels,
the reduction being brought about
through thrashing returns. It seems safe
to say that estimates are at least high
enough. The big crop craze has been dis
counted. At present prices wheat Is
cheap, and will, no doubt, gradually work
The iocal market has jumped around at
a rapid rate. December wheat sold at
$1 20 Thursday, at $1 16% Friday, $1 18* i
Saturday. Low stocks and millers paying
December prices for spot keeps the
market in a nervous condition. Shorts
sold freely around $1 1.%'1 14, and are dis
posed to nurse their affliction rather than
to put more out on a market which ad
vances so rapidly, and at times without
apparent cause, showing the man with air
has something hidden, notwithstanding
the prices here being very much higher
than at any other market centers. Bar
ley continues dull; prices falrlv strong.
R. E. MULCAHY.
A Promised Entertainment.
"Our Country Aunt" will be played on
Tuesday evening <.t Odd Fellows' Hall for
the benefit of the Loyal Rebekahs. Mme.
May Josephl Klncald has the production
In charge, and In addition to this very
lively little comedy she has arranged a
number of specialties. The finale will bo
a series of the popular cakewalks, which
will afford enough laughter for the bal
ance of the evening. The performance
will cifose nt 10 o'clock sharp, when an ex
cellent orchestra will keep time for the
merry dancers.
Pawning Pension Papers.
William Johnson, a veteran of the Civil
War, and Jasper G. Drake were arrested
by the United States Marshal yesterday
on a' charge of pawning pension papers.
Johnson pawned his papers with Drruke.
Johnson being too poor to fight the cas"!,
waived examination before United States
Commissioner Heacock. but Drake plead
ed not guilty, and will attack the validity
of the law.
Advances made on furniture and planoa, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1823 Mlmioo.
56
SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 18, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL BOOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Strett
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) ■•
served by carriers In trjis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a w««K- By mall $6 per year; per montfc
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
t\EW YORK OFFICE Room ISB, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlfttf.s lions*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KUOGNLSS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, onen until |
6:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:33 !
o'clock- 615 LcrKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock, j
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 MarKet !
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- 1505 Po!K street, open
until 9:30 o'clocK. NW- corner Twenty -second ana 1
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
Columbia- M A Milk Whtc Flay "
L'aldwln- "Adrlenne Lccou reur," to-morrow n'pht.
Alcfiz.ir- " A Tr:ii'etiy anil ■• The First lioru."
Mcroeco'B— "he Land of the Living
Tiro I— "La Travlata."
heum - Vaudeville,
Kew Comedy Theater— " The Leading Man."
Aihnrr.bra, Edcy and Jones "streets— Vaudeville.
lbe Chutes— Zoo, VanderUle and Spanish Bull Kijht.
l-lj'inpla— Ccrne. Ma ton ami Eud> streets— !
luiro a Lams- :-.v. tiniiiinj,-. 1
T. M. C. A. Auoltorlum — i\u000c, W<du<-sday. September 22
i.toreation t-nrt— Baseball this afternoon.
tourslnff— At Union. Coursing- Park.
lourfeing— liipiesilue Courtuux Pant.
A STRONG MflN NEEDED.
**l THEN old things terminate and new cora-
VA/ mcnce. " says Robert Browning, "a solitary
great man is worth the world." The very
exaggeration of that statement serves to give impres
stveness to the truth it contains. At every crisis in
the aff.-iirs of nations and of institutions the service of
a strong, masterful leader of men is of such value that
i: cannot he rightly computed and hardly over
estimated. When emergencies of that kind occur in
the development of any organization, those who are
intrusted with the care of its welfare, if they are wise,
will look for the great man and count no price too
high to pay for his service, nor any authority too
great to be given him for the full exercise of the
vitalizing powers of his brain and soul.
The University of California has reached a critical
period in its history. Throughout the State, in the
minds of all classes of people, there has been an
awakening of interest in the institution. By the votes
of their representatives in the Legislature the masses
>~i the taxpayers have doubled the revenues of the
university derived from taxation. Generous mil
lionaires have been lavish of gifts among the most
munificent in the annals of educational endowments.
One among them. Mrs. Hearst, has provided for ob
taining designs that will make the structures of the
university the most imposing and most beautiful
grot:p ever devoted to the uses of science and art;
while another. Miss Cora Jane Flood, has bestowed
upon the institution a gift of lands and buildings of
such value that they alone would be accounted suffi
cient in any other State to establish a university of
themselves.
Just at this juncture, while so many of the nobler
energies and more liberal impulses of the people are
being directed toward bestowing upon the university
everything that wealth can purchase, President Kel
logg announces his intention to retire from office
next March. The vacancy that will be t'nen caused
in the headship of the university will be one that none
but a great man can fill. It therefore becomes the
imperative duty °f the regents to seek out such a
man, to tind him, to elect him and to intrust him with
such ample powers as will enable him to direct the
progress of the institution to the highest levels of
liberal learning, and to infuse into its academic life a
mental vigor and moral force that will make it
worthy the splendid habitation for which public lib
erality and private munificence have provided.
The president of the University of California
should be something more than a man of learning.
He must be a leader of men, having a statesman's
grasp of large affairs as well as a scholar's devotion
to ideals of truth and beauty. He must be a man
who radiates energy around him, who inspires youth
to all noble activities and whose personality is so
notable that the whole nation marks it and honors it.
It is only through such men that universities be
come true centers of higher education, and where
such men preside it docs not require years for them
to attain that proud distinction. What Gilman has
done for Johns Hopkins, Harper for Chicago and
Jordan for Stanford shows in how short a space of
time the true teacher and leader can win for his uni
versity not only fame, but something better than
fame — the reverence the multitude pays to institu
tions where learning is not regarded as a mere ac
quirement of information to gratify intellectual
curiosity, but as a storehouse of truth for use in ad
vancing the welfare of the world and the best inter
ests of humanity.
At the University of California a strong man is
needed. It matters not where he comes from. The
position is not one to be given to some local celeb
rity to satisfy local pride. The University of Toronto
once had an opportunity to have the late Professor
Huxley as its president. It rejected him for a Cana
dian. Huxley became famous, but the University of
Toronto remains provincial. Princeton and Colum
bia dragged along weak and comparatively inefficient
for years, but when Patton was called to preside over
the one and Low over the other they at once ad
vanced to the front and now stand among the fore
most universities of the world.
It is useless to multiply examples. History is full
of them. All the world knows them. Many as they
are, however, it is doubtful if such possibilities of bril
liant accomplishment in university work were ever be
fore offered to a great teacher as those which will be
realized by the University of California, provided its
affairs are intrusted to the direction of a man who
is capable of grasping and mastering the thousand
opportunities that crowd around 'it from every side.
All that is needed in the way of revenues, lands, en
dowments, buildings, libraries and museums can and
will be furnished by the people. What is wanted is
that which is summed up in a great man — brains,
energy, inspiration and that power of leadership
which, drawing all its forces from the native powers
of a lofty manhood, wins the sympathies and excites
the emulation of all that come under its influence.
Aguinaldo thinks his government will build ships,
but the chances are that one canoe will be enough
for it.
A SERIO-COMIC VALENTINE.
IN the case of Costley against the Wells-Fargo
Company a hearing was had yesterday. It is to be
hoped there will be a speedy decision, for the
question at issue is as to whether the corporation has
a right to rob its patrons. Mr. Costley brought suit
because the company refused to receive from him for
transmission a certain package unless he should first
pay for the revenue stamp. As Congress in levying
the war tax intended this expense to be borne by the
company, as the company can afford to pay it, and as
a matter of plain decency ought to pay it without a
murmur, public sympathy is naturally with the plain
tiff. There should be no delay in the decision, as de
lay is almost as good as a victory to the corporation.
This paper has no disposition to war on the Wells-
Fargo Express Company or any of its officials. It
demands only that the law be complied with, and is
surprised and pained that good Mr. Valentine should
be engaged in evasion. It is the duty of a newspaper
to protect people against extortion and to expose
fraud. If in pursuance of this it disturb Valentine
in the attitude of prayer, it may regret, but it cannot
be swerved. All it asks is that the Wells-Fargo peo
ple discharge their obligations to shippers and to the
Government. This there is no disposition to do.
Digression into matters of fact are here appropriate.
It is a matter of history that in the first deal of the
present express organization with the Southern 'Pa
cific the "Big Four" of the railroad got $1,500,000 in
stock as a bonus, and almost from the start received
S per cent dividends on the gift. When the contract
now in force was made the Southern Pacific got
another $1,500,000, swelling the capital stock of the
express concern to $8,000,000, on which there has
never been paid less than 6 per cent annually, and on
which last year there was paid a dividend of 10 per
cent, nearly all of it derived from California business.
And all but half a million of th.s stock fictitious.
Poor, suffering corporation. No wonder its presi
dent sheds tears of blood at the possibility of its hav
ing to share the burden the war placed upon the
country.
President Pecksniff Valentine states that the war
tax would be an enormous sum for the company to
pay. Yet it has had no compunction about collecting
during the past three months this enormous sum from
shippers, who have no prospect of ever getting it
back. No progress has been made in the test cases
brought in the East. No progress was desired by the
combined express companies. The Attorney-Geireral
declared once that the express companies would have
to pay the tax. Since that time one McCook, "a
distinguished Eastern lawyer," has got to the ear of
the Attorney-General, and in consequence United
States District Attorneys have been notified that
there could be no action brought except for violation
of the law, meaning except when neither party would
pay the tax. All the Government cared was to have the
tax paid. This letter showed that the Attorney-
General was party to enough petty larceny to make
a grand total, and it paralyzed his subordinates
throughout the country.
The Wells- Fargo charges are greater than those
of any similar corporation in existence, and it is the
only one of the lot which has the nerve to charge
extra for the delivery of packages outside a restricted
district in the cities it reaches. Now its presiding
Pecksniff threatens in case it be forced to pay its war
tax to raise the already exorbitant rates. Happily this
may be regarded as a bluff. The company is great,
but it is not supreme. It comes within the purview
of the Railroad Commissioners as being a common
carrier. The Governor has power to enforce laws
providing for its regulation, and, finally, the Legisla
ture can call it from its lofty position, make it pay a
license and deport itself less after the manner of the
swine, which projects its feet into the trough after its
nose.
Valentine has the circular habit, and has been
deluging subordinates with a disquisition on the sub
ject, notable for its ignoring facts and equity. He
quotes from himself in a manner which shows he is
not only convinced, but that through his convictions
runs a strong and pleasing vein of piety. If he
wishes to purloin from patrons he wishes to do it
with the sanction of his own conscience. After a
showing of the company's position in the controversy,
which position consists of refusal to obey the statute,
it closes as follows :
If there still be lingering dissatisfaction, dispel
it by the best possible service and polite good na
tur-- To use the words that Shakespeare puts in
Wolsey's mouth: "Corrup'.on wins not more than
honesty. Still in thy right hand carry gentle peace,
to silence envious tongues. Be just and fear not."
Well. John, there is "lingering dissatisfaction," and
it will continue to linger until you have been forced
to act squarely with the people who contribute to
fatten dividends on stock created by a printing press
and a stroke of the pen. Shakespeare was all right,
but if he had your case in mind, at least he was not
taking your view of it. He was speaking from our
side.
WHAT DOES Tf-jE CfJNfiDlfiN WONT?
ONE of the minor questions that have arisen
out of the approaching campaign is, "What
does R. A. Crothers, the Canadian editor of
the Bulletin, want this year?" It is known that he
did not come to California for his health. It is
known that he does not support the Republican party
for honor or for principle. The attitude of his paper
thus far in the present canvass has been one of wait
ing. What is it that he wants?
In the campaign of 1896, when all conservative citi
zens of the country, Democrats as well as Republi
cans, were aroused to an intense earnestness in the
conflict for the maintenance of sound money, Mr.
Crothers, the Canadian, sent to the Republican State
Central Committee a request for $5000 as payment for
support of the Republican ticket. He did not get the
money. From that time forth his paper was incessant
in attacking the committee.
During the campaign, and about the time Crothers
was trying to work the State Committee for $5000,
the proprietor of The Call contributed tl#it amount
to the committee for campaign expenses. Mr.
Crothers got none of it. Since that time the Bulletin
has shown a grudge against The Call as well as
against the State Committee.
Just about this time last ye\r Mr. Crothers, having
then no chance to get money by doing politics, for
there was no campaign under way, decided to replen
ish his purse by doing the merchants of the city. He i
thereupon engineered that bunko game by which so '
many merchants were caught. It will be remembered
that the swindle was exposed by The Call, and that
thereafter Crothers compromised with some of his
victims and abandoned his claims against others.
That was another reason for hating The Call, and the
hate has been constant.
The Call is not yet able to state positively what it
is Crothers wants this year. It may be he will try
both games this time, and will not only demand a
subsidy from the Republican Stn.te Central Commit
tee for supporting the Republican ticket, but will try
to work the merchants for advertising in another
holiday edition. He will bear watching, and the
watch should be close.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1595.
MR. DE YOUNG'S INSINCERITY.
AN esteemed correspondent in Oakland, who
evidently has a great deal of faith in human
nature, writes us to ask on what grounds we
base our doubts of the sincerity of Mr. de Young in
the Senatorial matter. We have said that Mr. de
Young is a secret candidate for Senator, and that
he has a political bureau. Mr. de Young has said
that he is not a candidate and that he has no political
bureau, but he lias added that he believes there is
a strong demand for him among the people through
out the State.
Apparently here is a plain conflict of statement.
Our corresp' ndent will note that we do more than
doubt the sincerity of Mr. de Young. We charge
him with trifling with the public credulity, not alone
because we know that his political agents are pledg
ing Republican legislative candidates wherever they
can find them to vote for him for Senator, but be
cause we know him to be a man who gives his word
and breaks it whenever it is to his interest to do so.
We do not charge that Mr. de Young will delib
erately tell, an untruth, but we do know that he has
no regard for the meaning of language, and that he
resorts without scruple at all times to subterfuge for
the purpose of evading the consequences of his
promises.
If our correspondent will interview a few repre
sentative newspaper men of this city he will be able
to obtain some proof which will convince him that
we are right. A few years ago delegates to the
International League of Press Clubs held their an
nual meeting in San Francisco. Mr. de Young, as
a member of the local Press Club, aspired to be a
delegate to the league. He was unpopular in the
local organization and the members declined to in
trust him with their interests unless he promised faith
fully to subserve them. The/ feared that if they
selected him to represent them as a delegate he
would become a candidate for president of the league
and that fraternal courtesy might induce the league
to elect him.
Mr. de Young, in order to dispel this illusion, arose
at a meeting of the local club and solemnly declared
that he was not a candidate for president of the
league; that he did not intend to become a candi
date and that he had no aspirations for the position.
Relying upon this statement, the club elected him
a delegate. Subsequently he not only became a can
didate for president of the league, but he made a
regulation political fight, coerced his employes, en
gaged in swaps and trades and spent some time and
money in securing the place. The indignation of
the local Press Club at De Young's treachery found
vent in a resolution withdrawing from the league,
which in turn terminated his relations with the or
ganization.
Does our correspondent think that a man who
will thus victimize an association of his professional
brethren will scruple to deceive the people of Cali
fornia, who, after being victimized, cannot, as the
club did, revenge themselves upon him? De Young
must be judged by the character of his conduct in
the past. He is playing the same game upon the
people of California that he played upon the San
Francisco Press Club. The thing to do is to thwart
him by defeating every candidate for the Legislature
who will not say before nomination that, if nom
inated and elected, he will vote against De Young in
the Senatorial caucus.
WHfTT MAGUIRE STANDS FOR.
A CANDIDATE for o,mce must be judged by
all his professions and declarations of belief,
and not merely by tho?e wh:h he makes when
he is seeking office. It is very interesting to apply
this method of judgment to Judge Maguire and see
what he stands for. His public lii'c began as an office
holder under a Republican city r.dministration, so it
is no injustice to him to say that he began as, a Re
publican, for that saves him from the imputation of
having been a parasite. Since then, and the evidence
is all in his own acts, in letters and speeches, he has:
First — Stood up for anarchy and anarchists in
Congress, declaring them to be the Democrats of
Europe and worthy to be welcomed as immigrants
to the United States.
Second — Was a gold standard man in 1893, pre
vious to his vote against the repeal of the Sherman
act.
Third — Was for free silver in 1896.
Fourth — Is now for an unlimited issue of irredeem
able paper money, as demanded by the Populist plat
form, which he indorses.
Fifth — Is for the confiscation of land by the single
tax.
Sixth — Is in favor of Government ownership of
railroads on the livery stable plan, and of all public
utilities — on what plan he does not state.
Seventh — Wrote a letter in 1887 permanently with
drawing from the Democratic party, whose tickets
up to that time he had bolted, except when a candi
date himself.
Eighth— tin the same year organized and joined the
"Land and Labor party."
Ninth — In 1888 he wrote a book called "Ireland
and the Pope," in which he denounced Leo XIII as
"the serpent of the Vatican," and called Cardinal
Cullcn "the red-capped hunting hound" of the
Vatican.
Tenth — In 1892 he recovered from his withdrawal
and denouncing mood, sought office again of the
Democratic party and got it, and has not bolted since
because he has been constantly in office, or running
for it, and that seems to be the only way to keep him\
in the party traces.
Eleventh — Now seeks and gets invitations to address
various Catholic societies, and trusts to the shortness
of memories of men for immunity from the conse
quences of his denunciations of the head of the
church.
He and his friend Barry, who is rewarded for six
teen years' bolting and abuse of the Democratic
party by its nomination for Congress, indulge fre
quently in calling everything in the church, party
and world they don't like "snakes" and '"serpents."
Barry said that Colonel Hawkins' regiment of Penn
sylvania volunteers were "rattlesnakes."
If any friend of Judge Maguire think there is any
thing not true in this statement of his principles and
professions, he can have space to say so.
If one study his principles it will be seen that Ma
guire has from time to time declared- war upon every
human institution and upon every result of man's
civilization and industry.
There seems to be no pause in the effort to create
a row between General Miles and the department in
which he serves. So far, it has had no effect beyond
giving yellow journalists a chance to enjoy them
selves.
The representative of the Japanese Government
who is here after having collected from the Chinese
a war balance of $200,000,000 ' does not carry the sum
on his person.
The case in a nutshell— We will hold all the
Philippines. We will hold a portion of the Philip
pines. We won't hold any of the Philippines
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
It has pleased the Stockton Record
to enlarge upon the Inconsistency of
men, "particularly of newspaper men."
While the distinction is not one to
which a member of the craft should
call attention, it may be fair. Con
sistency is a jewel, and the possession
of jewels is a boon not for the humble
journalist.
• « •
For my sins I have this week re
ceived two pamphlets filled with "po
etry." One of them is entitled "Staves
of the. Triple Alliance," although it
might as well have been called any
thing: else. While just in a mood to
pronounce it the wont ever written, I
chanced to catch sight of "Sor.~s and
Poems," by Orln O'Harrow. This
changed the outlook. The "Staves"
constitute simply the next to the worst
ever written. O'Harrow is not to be
blamed for lack of ability to write po
etry. There are plenty more, but some
of us realize the truth, and don't try.
O'Harrow's crime is in deporting him
self as though he had an idea of meter
and in his soul a glimmer of melody.
Neither does his ignorance of grammar
endear him to the reader. If there is
in his town a vacancy in the position
of car driver I advise him to apply for
it. But quit writing, Orin. Oh, har
row no more!
• • •
An interesting article lately appeared
in the New York Journal concerning
the wickedness of J. P. Morgan in own
ing a $3000 dog, and rather glorying in
the fact that a plebeian cat, by way of
rebuke, had scratched an eye out of
the high-priced purp. Not only was
the article instructive, but the pecu
liar appropriateness of its appearance
in Hearst's favorite paper Is worthy
of remark. It brings into prominence
the virtue of that engineer of the uni
verse. True, Hearst once owned a
$5000 dog, but he was not so sunk in
iniquity as to retain it. No, he gave it to
an actress, and it did her more good
than the theft of many paste diamonds.
At the same time it left him free to
excoriate the wantonness of owning a
$3000 dog while there were so many act
resses unsupplied.
• * *
It seems to me there is considerable
useless discussion as to whether a ship
should be christened with wine or with
water. Certainly the good ladies who
object to the wine are actuated by a
sentiment which reason fails to sus
tain. No ship ever got drunk on a
bottle of wine and nobody ever got
drunk on the contents of a bottle
spilled into the sea. It is well In the
discussion of this subject to talk more
sense and less sentiment, and fight shy
of being silly.
« • •
Several people have been thoughtful
enough to accuse me of having been
retained In the Interest of ?T-s.? T -s. Bot
kin. They are mistaken. I never saw
i the woman, never want to, and cannot
summon up for her the slightest de
gree of admiration. I merely objected
to the unanir.ity with which people
who knew nothing about the matter
have adjudged her guilty and the eag
erness of members of her own sex to
say something damaging has been
shocking. I am inclined to the belief
that the prisoner is guilty, but would
not sentence her on the strength of
any information I possess. Others
have seemed willing to do this. But
whether innocent or guilty, I venture
the prediction that she will never be
tried for murder, and that if tried her
able lawyers will bring about such a
glorious tangle that when t'.-e heavens
shall roll up as a scroll they will still
find it unraveled. My knowledge of
the law is even less than that of the
average attorney, but I recognize the
fact that this condition, of affairs is a
scandal and a shame. It is certainly
a reproach to the legal fraternity into
whose hands has been given the mak
ing of the statutes that there is any
chance that a peson in California can
deliberately plan and execute the mur
der of a person in Delaware, and not
be brought to punishment. Perhaps
the Botkin woman is innocent, but un
less she be brought to trial belief in
her guilt will be general and reasona
ble. If she should bi prosecuted mere
ly for misuse tf the mails, the fact will
constitute an arraignment of the code
and proclaim its impotency. If she is
guilty of misuse of the mails, she is
guilty of murder. If there is no pos
sibility of punishing her for it, let us
have a few laws for the checking and
discomfort of the criminal instead of
designed to throw a shield about the
assassin. To common sense it is an
absurd proposition that a murderer to
be safe must only work his or her evil
intent across a State line. If State
Legislatures have not the brains to de
vise a method of protection for citizens
there should be a Federal regulation
covering interstate cases. Supposing
a Californian were to send an infernal
machine to the President, resulting in
his death. According to the !egal and
nonsensical construction, there would be
nothing to do but express regret and
perhaps ask the builder of the machine
not to do it again. If, after more than
a century of existence, we are such a
precious pack of idiots, the rest of us
would best eat poisoned candy, get off
the earth and give Intelligence a
chance. Mrs. Botkin is not a fugitive
from Delaware, but a set of laws pre
scribing that for this reason she shall
escape trial, or punishment if convicted,
ought to make every lawyer in the land
blush. However, this is almost too
much to expect.
• * *
In publishing the State Democratic
ticket, with every apparent intent to
indicate its good will for the same, the
Clear Lake Press puts in as the last
paragraph, "A Great Zoological Gar
den." Docs the Press think it has been
engaged to spiel for a monkey show?
• * *
Henry Wolcott of Colorado has been
nominated for Governor of that State
and ought to be elected. He is one of
the biggest men in it. Had not Sena
tor Ed have had Henry for a brother
Ed would never have reached the Sen
ate and improved the shining oppor
tunity to constitute himself a continu
ous pyrotechnic display. The honors
which went to the younger brother
were first tendered to Henry, but he
passed them along. Success has been
reported to have spoiled Ed and driven
from his system the quality of grat
itude, but as he has permitted the
brother, who made him politically, to
receive a nomination to a State office,
possibly he has repented or even be
come ashamed of himself.
• • •
Once more has science, speaking this
By HENRY JAMES.
time through the Stockton Mail, pro
claimed the discovery and lassoing of
the microbe of baldness. It presents
a picture of him in his act of gorging
himself on hair, and enlarged 1600
times, impressing with an aspect of ter
ror. lam always glad to note the
progress of investigation. But will the
Mail please explain why the microbe
naturally drifts toward the tempera
ment which gravitates to the front
row? What is the Eubtile connection
between the reaper of the hirsute har
vest and the ballet? When the scien
tist gets down to business he ought to
cover the entire field.
Another victim of the sprightly
widow who advertises hrrsplf as on the
matrimonial market, beautiful, affec
tionate and worth $35,000, has modest
ly come to the front and declared him
self a sucker. I admire his boldness.
He must have some sense of pride, and
exposure naturally gives this a severe
wrench. But for protection of suck
ers still uncaught the lady should be
sent to jail.
• • •
Lillian Russell's latest husband in
seeking to sever the tie that binds al
leges that Lillian plays poker. The
allegation is not sufficient. It fails to
state whether or not she plays it well.
It is easy to imagine that a poker
playing wife, with a faculty for bluff
ing and the wisdom to call opportune
ly, might be a solace and a joy. Be
sides, Lillian probably bought her own
chips.
• * »
It Is not with intent to advertise the
Examiner side show reference is made
to the puzzle pictures now appearing
in that sheet. The scheme as por
trayed by the artist might have ema-
from the brain of a prattling
*;hild, for the puzzles fail to puzzle. I
note one exception. In a series sup
posed to represent American generals
there is one picture showing a rural
field, a stretch of meadow. Some in
terpret it to mean Lee, some Meade. It
has been suggested to me that it
stands for Long Green. Of course he
is not widely recognized as a general,
but he is, and his accustomed modesty
would only permit him to be projected
into the situation in this obscure way.
There is too much space given to ex
ploitation of the titled Englishmen who
sold themselves to Hooley. The as
sumption that there is in the sale rea
son for surprise is not borne out by
common » knowledge. There is no
ground for believing that a man is im
proved morally by the receipt of a title,
and I regret to say that the average
citizen of England or the United States,
if offered the glittering price held out
by Hooley, would have taken it. He
might have taken it with a tolerably
clear conscience, too, for Hooley made
a specialty of purity and gloried in be
ing a lofty type of reformer. Bribery
with him was a means to an end. His
difficulty arose from the fact that the
end was bankruptcy, and he thought
he had been aiming at something else.
A woman named Fuhrig is under ar
rest for having: caused the death by a
criminal operation of a wife who had
sought her services. This form of
crime is so common and yet so mon
strous that a habit has grown up of
glossing it over. "Respectability" in
dulges in it for the purpose of avoid
ing- the inconvenience of motherhood.
Nevertheless it is murder. I have ab
solutely no sympathy for the wife who
attempts to evade the responsibilities of
her position, and if unwilling to have
children she has no business to be a
wife. If she goes so far as to hire a
professional assassin to kill her unborn
young she herself becomes an assas
sin. She could, with as clear a soul,
wait a little longer and strangle the
babe in its cradle. But arrests for
this crime are farcical. No punish
ment follows save in the cases where
the unnatural female dies as a result
of the process. It is time for a change.
This Fuhrig woman should, if guilty,
be sent to prison for life, and there are
si lot of practitioners known to the po- j
lice who should be in the same insti
tution with her. But Mrs. Fuhrig will
not be punished and I doubt not will
continue to prosper, the continuity of !
her proceedings broken perhaps by an '
occasional annoying and useless arrest, j
The, project for replacing with a
beautiful park the unsightly and un
hallowed rookeries at Dupont and Cal
ifornia streets is a good one. That the
openness of the crime which makes
that quarter a habitat is disgusting
there can be no denial. That it should
be permitted to flourish there is an in
sult to a respectable community. How
ever, the citizens who are trying to
oust the undesirable women and the
wanton and useless type of men from
that neighborhood must not be misled
by the idea that they, are exterminat
ing an evil. They are merely causing
it to change location. With the arrival
of the millennium, an event but vaguely
anticipated save by a happy few, there
will doubtless be a change in this re
spect, as in others. In the meantime
the evil will continue to flourish, and
if not permitted to colonize will dis
tribute itself miscellaneously, perhaps
to the relief of the senses, but hardly
to the betterment of morals.
An anonymous individual sends a
communication to the "Bodkin" editor
and another individual, whose name I
kindly conceal, turns it over to me. i
Were I the Bodkin editor, the imple- {
ment in question should be used in pin- i
ning to the wall the anonymous. A
glance reveals that the crank has the
Botkin tragedy in his mind, and very
little else. He desires to show forth
that Dunning is the guilty man. In <
order to do this, he makes an analysis i
of the circumstances, quite a superflu- i
ous operation, as the. world in this par
ticular had already been sufficiently en
riched. But the real genius of the cor
respondent is in showing by analogy
that Dunning must be guilty because \
Durrant was. Attention is called to !
the fact that both names begin with D, !
that in each the second letter is v, fol- i
lowed by a double consonant, and that
the total number of letters in each
name is seven. Could any reasoning I
be clearer? There seems nothing left
but for Dunning to surrender.
Murderer Clark of Napa has been
sentenced to be hanged October 21. He
did not seem grateful, and yet the op
portunity to leave this world ought to
be hailed by him with delight, so con
fident is he of going directly to a better
one. Clark killed his own brother so
that the friendship between him and
I the brother's wife would not be subject
jto annoying interruptions. Visiting
J him in his cell shortly afterward I was
I treated to a talk on heaven and how
] to get there, the murderer backing his
counsels to me a sinner by quotations
from the Scriptures. I ma de bold to
ask him what particular state of grace
I impelled a man to slay his brother so
ias to possess the widow, but he
| brushed the query aside as coming
I from the world, and as b.-inp; irrelevant
anyhow. Since that Interview the sym
! pathy felt by me for Clark has not
! caused me wakeful nights.
Almost enough has boen said about
the Tennessee Regiment. It has had
its troubles, some being of its own
make, and yet the great majority of
the regime«t regrets more keenly than
an outsider could the disgraceful acts
of a few. Colonel Smith is a splen
did old soldier, with a war record \ n
which he has a right to take pride. It
was made in the Confederate s. rvlce,
but the time is past when this fact
counts. I think, however, that the
well-meaning members of the regiment
err in hoping that Rosser will be ac
quitted, their position being tttat his
conviction would be a cloud upon all
the troops from Tennessee. The man
is guilty of murder and any trial fail
ing to establish this fact would neces
sarily be a sham. The evil was done
when the drink-crazed soldier wanton
ly slew an inoffensive stranger. Such
reproach as was in his power to load
upon the regiment he placed there at
the time of his mad act. To let jus
tice take an even course, to refrain
from an exhibition of sympathy, from
attempt to excuse or palliate, seems to
me the better way now. If the mur
der was in any measure a blot to the
regiment, to assist the murderer to go
unpunished would deepen the blot. I do
not think the Tennesseeansare to blame
for the homicide. It is a mistaken
pride which would lead them to stand
by him beyond providing him with
counsel and set ing that he suffers no
unusual disadvantage through being a
stranger in a strange land.
The esteemed Encinal explains at
length what is meant by the "hen re
porter," citing as samples some who
were at Sacramento during the con
ventions. Ido not think his point sus
tained. I saw them there and thought"
they were birds.
♦ • •
There are several reasons why I
think "A Merchant" a fraud. One is
that he does not sign his name in mak
ing charges against President Valen
tine of Wells-Fargo, and another that
he shells a certain wine "champaign."
Perhaps he neglected to sign hi 9 name
because of not knowing how to spell it
either.
EARLY S ABB ATE MORNING.
In dear old days up country,
Before I went from home,
Oh, very swift and saintly
Did the Sabbath morning come,
With footsteps hushed and quiet.
Whatever wind might blow,
And I'd hear father singing
As he walked to and fro.
The fragment of a hymn tune
In tender little air
Would early as the dawnlight
Come floating up the stair.
Now martial and triumphant.
Now soft and sighing low.
But I'd know 'twas father singing
As he walked to and fro.
And in .the darkened parlor
Where he knelt to pray,
And crave for us a Messing:
At the very break of day,
I'd hear bis dear voice lifted
From his pure heart aglow.
And it hallowed Sabbath morning,
As he walked to and fro.
Long years have passed since father
Sang in those quiet hours;
He's found the happy country
And the fields of fadeless flowers.
But still on Sabbath mornings,
I wake, and soft and low,
I yet can hear him singing
As he walks to and fro.
—Margaret E. Sangster In The Youth*
Companion.
LONDON EDITOR UNDER FIRE.
John Bright recognized the impor
tance of the United States, but the edi
tor of the London Saturday Review is
not a Bright man in any sense.— St.
Louis Post-Dispatch.
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits, 50c IT), in fire-etch
boxes. 627 Market St.. Palace Hotel bldg. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Ever up in the clouds? Ever see San
Francisco as the birds see it? Eat your
Sunday dinner in the Spreckels Rotisserie,
fifteenth floor Call building. Full course
French dinner, with wine, $1. •
A coal mine at Dailly, Scotland,
which caught fire over fifty years ago,'
has at last burned Itself out. All ex
periments made to extinguish it failed.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa *"•
rout.j. Call at the new ticket office. 62S Market.
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BT USIN3
Acker's Dyspepsia Tablets. One little tablet
will give Immediate relief or money refunded.
Sold In handsome tin boxes at No Percenta«s#
Pharmacy.
Only the best fcr the best only. Amom tn«
Barrels. 863 Market st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MACKAY'S
FURNITURE
STILL
GOING.
"We are gradually disposing of this '
department. Five weeks' continuous
selling has made great inroads into our
quantities, but our assortment i« still
complete. In many lines. VDII I
If you're .; furnishing up V vIU
can't afford to miss this chance.
Solid oak dining chairs. ■ *>/»
Solid oak cobbler rockers. """a 2*2%
Solid oak ' upholstered arm '
rockers ................... ■' 2no
Cedar box couch in denim!!!!" 7!bk
3-piece Eastern hardwood cham- ■• v '
' ber sets ............... 12 (">
Corduroy couches .. ;!!!!'-""*' -"•" K*J"l
Bed lounges (patent) ! !!!!!!' !K! 5*25
A large line of fine odd parlor DtecM
China • closets, Rideboardsrdininfr S-
3?f«\.J, ? sale s Benuine and we in-!
>ite your inspection of these values.
CARPETS
n h^TAe rt^ e t aurlngr FURNI-
Tail CLOSE OUT, low prices pre-
f J n^ re now showing a most beauti-
gradS C ° mplete llne of carpets in all
Something new-Ran pur carpets.. 4.->c
A «r>w^r ant quality 1in01eum. .......45c
..SPECIAL THIS WEEK:
25 pieces Alex. Smith & Son's tapes-
try carpet .....:.....-.03c,.
ALEX. MACKAYS SON
715 Market St.BLACK CLOUDS
ARE HANGING
OVER EUROPE
SigQificaoce of th)e Egyptiar),
Cretao and Dreyfus
Questions.
Great Britain Will Deal Swiftly With th>e TurKs,
and Will Also Continue the March;
to Fasrjoda.
Copyrighted. ISOS, by th« Associated Press.
LONIV>.\*. Sept. 17.— Three or four
black thunder clouds are overhanging
the political horizon of Europe.
The Dreyfus, Cretan and Egyptian
quest ior.p have become more acute and
It is difiicult at present to forecast the
outcome in either case.
An Indication of the activity in the
official world is found in the fact that
the Marquis of Salisbury, who went for
a quiet holiday to take the waters of
Contreville, has had a special telegraph
office established at his hotel this week
in order to deal with the mass of of
flqial telegrams pouring in and out. It
Is understood that the British Premier
has ordered that the most stringent
measures be taken at Candia, Island of
Crete, where British troops were re
cently fired upon by Mussulmans, the
execution of which only awaits the ar
rival of sufficient reinforcements of her
Majesty's soldiers, who now number
2000 there, while another battalion is on
Its way to Candia from Egypt.
The most recent advices tend to show
that the powers are disposed to give
Great Britain a free hand to obtain
reparation for the massacre of Chris
tians and the insults to British arms.
Admiral Noel, the British naval com
mander of Cretan waters, has already
arranged with the other admirals for
the immediate withdrawal of the mili
tary contingents. The British squad
ron now lying before Candia is power
ful enough to ruze that place in a few
h"iir^.
The Turkish authorities at Candia are
Ing their old game of surrendering
a number of nobodies as the ringlead
ers of the massacres, while a number
of beys who are known to be the real
instigators of the trouble are still at
y, and are likely to remain so un
less consiflerable further pressure is
brought to bear upon the Turks. As
it is th>» prompt action of the British
admiral gave the Sultan a bad fright.
I!- sent his Fnreign Minister to arouse
the ESmbassadors from their beds at 2
< 'cloi k in the morning in an endeavor
to persuade them to put a bridle upon
raJ Noel, but he received cold
■ rt from the representatives of the
powers. The British Ohargre d'Affaires
r<-i'li'<l tv the Turkish representations
in the strongest terms. He said the
.'.:: ans were "unprovoked mur
■a of Hritiph sailors," and that the
British Government took the most seri
our- views of the ma: i- r.
■nwhile th-.- situation at Candia is
:. Thousands of the most notori
ishl Bazouks have now left the
town and fortified themselves just in
.he military cordon, while outside
the cordon a body of Christian insurg
is gathered. They are like tigers
watching their prey, eager to spring
!• rward if the Bash! Bazouks attempt
to i'itve the town. The chances of
bloody fighting hinge upon the Turkish
Government and Edhem Pasha, the
Turkish Governor, who has asked for
instructions, after having be<=n notified
Imlral Noel that the Mussulman
p< pulation must be disarmed. The
British admiral is apparently determ
ined to > nforce the disarmament of the
Bazouks, whether it is agreeable
to the Sultan or not.
The absence of news from Fashoda,
the important place about 400 miles
south of Khartoum, which is reported
to have been occupied by a French
has put the British upon tenter
hooks; but they have implicit faith in
the P.ritish commander, General Sir
Herbert Kitchener, and have cheerfully
oed that the British and Egyptian
>;re already flying there, whether
Major Marchand, the French com
mander, is there or is not there.
The British newspapers have taken a
m"st uncompromising attitude in re
gard to Fashoda. They are daily issu
ing warnings to France, telling her to
Btand off or trouble will follow and
there is no doubt the Marquis of Salis
bury will have the nation behind him,
even if General Kitchener has to oust
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free Help
To the Sufferers of
Catarrh, Bronchitis,
Asthma and
Consumption
Offered by DOCTOR ROUXEL and
associated physicians to all who are
willing to pay when convinced of a
cure. A scientific cure has been dis-
covered for all diseases of the nose,
throat and lungs. It is indorsed by
10,000 physicians. It is the only
method that ever cured consumption.
This new invention combines the
methods of Professor Koch of Berlin
and Pasteur of Paris. Medicines only
irritate, sprays only relieve temporar-
ily. There is hope in this new inven-
tion. There is despair in every other
direction. Choose quick. Call at our
office for free treatment or write for
printed matter.
DOCTOR ROUXEL,
323 Kearny Street.
Hours 10-4 and 7-8. Sundays 10-12.
Major Marchand from Fashoda by
force of arms.
The Spectator says: "If we go to
Fashoda and quietly take possession
France will not order us out. If she
does and we naturally refuse to go she
won't attack us. Nothing else, how
ever, will serve her turn, as, If the
matter is settled locally, we must win.
If, then the French axe at Fashoda we
do not see any reason to be . greatly
alarmed. The most they will do is to
try to make the occupation of the
ground a good bargain. The Bahr el
Ghaza.l, a river branching Into the Nile
a little way south of Fashoda, and
really a continuation of the Nile and
its affluents, might, it is conceivable,
be conceded to her on certain terms."
The French newspapers, which first
took the matter quietly, are now indulg
ing in truculent articles. They declare
that if Major Marchand is really at Fa
shoda he will stay there. The idea that
Fashoda is -vithin the Egyptian sphere
is pooh-poohed. Otherwise, it is asked,
what right has Great Britain to I'gu
anda, which belonged to the former
Egyptian equatorial province?
The Echo de Paris says: "The Sir
dar's forces dare not fire upon Major
Marchand, for France is behind him.
England must now consent to a Euro
pean conference unless she wants war."
The Soliel adopts the "perlldious Al
bion" line of argument and thinks the
report of Major Marchand's arrival at
Fashoda is a British trick to prepare
public opinion for an immediate ad
vance upon Fashoda before the French
arrive there.
The Interesting announcement is
made here that the whole cost of the
Nile campaign since 1596 has been only
£2,600,000, including £1,000,000 spent
upon the Soudan railroads, of which 500
miles have been constructed during
that time. General Kitchener has de
cided to destroy the tomb of the Mahdi
at Omdurman, which was so prominent
a mark for the British artillery during
the bombardment. This step will be
taken in order to prevent Omdurman
becoming a second Mecca.
How the United States will admin
ister its new possessions and how large
these possessions will be continues to
be the subject for considerable specu
lation in the European newspapers.
David Christie Murray writes: "The
republic has on her shoulders the
mantle of empire, and has taken the
scepter of empire In her hands and has
set upon her own head the crown of
empire, and the whole world knows
that it is the richer for the fact. It Is
one of the most momentous historical
happenings of modern years, and Is full
of good augury for the progress of the
adaptive and inventive spirit of the
land we know already and that she will
conform herself to her new duties all
men who are really acquainted with her
people are assured beforehand."
London Life claims to have informa
tion that M. Emile Zola is about to be
come a Catholic priest. It says the
Vatican was approached on the sub
ject a fortnight ago and that the Pope
has given his assent to the ordination
of the distinguished author six months
hence. M. Zola's conversion is said to
have been made by Father Gougon, the
pastor of a small parish church and an
intimate friend of the novelist.
All reports from France agree that
the Dreyfus case has now brought
France to the eve of a crisis, perhaps
tho most formidable in the history of
the third republic. The situation is
rendered more acute by the fact that
it is threatening not merely the exist
ence of the Cabinet but the stability
of the constitution.
A significant feature of the situation
is the attitude of President Faure. He
is known to be utterly opposed to a re
vision" of the case; but the Premier,
M. Brisson. and a majority of his col
leagues have decided in favor of re
opening the matter and with the res
ignation of tho Minister of War, Gen
eral Zurlinden, as a result, there is but
little doubt that popular feeling is still
against a revision. Thus the Cabinet
will come in conflict with the people,
while President Faurp, as the champion
of the army and with the sympathy of
a majority of the nation, assumed a
formidable rolo. which may lead to
grave developments. This will be clear
ly seen if the Cabinet's decision leads,
as is extremely likely, to mob demon
strations. It la expocted that with the
present stat* of that 111-feeling, the
army will sido with the demonstrators
against the Cabinet.
FIERCE MIDNIGHT
FIRE AT SACRAMENTO
W. P. Fuller Company's Wallpaper
House Destroyed — Several
Horses Ror.sted.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 17.— About mid
night a fire broke out in the stable of
the W. P. Fuller Company, dealers in
paints and oils, in the alley on J and
X, Front and Second streets, owned by
the Newton Booth estate. The flames
spread so rapidly that a general alarm
was sounded. Efforts were made to
save the horses, but seven or eight the
property of the W. P. Fuller Company
and the Sullivan-Kelly Company, were
Incinerated.
N'rxt the fire attacked the wall paper
warehouse of the Fuller Company ad-
Jolningr, wherein were stored many
thousands of dollars worth of stock
and It Is still burning:. The firemen!
however, have the blaze under control!
The wall paper house was completely
destroyed, with its contents. Loss on
building, $7500; stock, $10,000; both in
sured.
Employes on a Picnic.
The employes of M. Friedernann & Co.
and their families and friends enjoyed a
very pleasant outing yesterday at Loonia
Heights, near Fruitvale. The picknlckers
assembled at the storp early in the day,
where carriages, furnished by Mr. Friede
mann were waiting, and the party drove
to the ferry, and. after crossing jie bay
drove to the picnic ground. The married 1
men competed againm the single men in
a number of games, and the married men
won nearly all the contests. J. G. Baa
sett, the superintendent of thp firm, had
charge of the day's entertainment, and ne
was assisted by the following -entlemen,
vho composed various committees 1
George Lehm, Peter Sorensen, M.
Toomey, H. Lyons. John Bassett, J.
Brown. J. M. Hayes. J. B. Cnsgrove, M.
Shneider, O. B. luley, W. A. Paulson and
Robert Cooney.
A bad shot while pheasant shooting
has cost the Hon. John Hiifton. eldest
son of Lord Hothfleld, $6500. He fired
the charge in the face of one of his
beaters, rendering the man totally
blind.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
OUTCRY AGAINST
THE ANARCHISTS
Demand for Progressive
Measures.
PRESS GOE? TO EXTREMES
BUT SOCIALISTS STAND "UP FOB,
THEIB RIGHTS.
Turkey Making Elaborate Arrange
ments to Receive Emperor
William at Constanti
nople and Jerusalem..
Copyrighted, JS9B, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Sept. 17.— The assassination
of the Empress of Austria at Geneva,
Switzerland, on Saturday last by an
Italian anarchist, has led to a violent
outcry in some of the reactionary ar
gans for repressive measures against
anarchists. Indeed, some of them went
to extremes, advocating measures
against socialists and their "allied po
litical parties." Statements have ap
peared in several of the newspapers to
the effect that the German Government
intended to take the initiative in pro
posing International action. Official cir
cles, however, deny any such intention,
but they declare that proposals on the
subject will be well received by the Ger
man Government, which will do all pos
sible to co-operate with united action.
In spite of this, there is no chance of
any sweeping repressive legislation be
ing adopted in the Reichstag, as the
Center party, without which no such
measure could pass, says through its
leading organ, the Cologne Yolks Zei
tung:
"The murder of President Carnot
gave birth to the Umsturz bill of 1894.
We may, therefore, expect that Lou
cheni, the assassin of the Empress of
Austria, will cause a second edition of
the bill to be introduced. But, if so, it
will suffer the same fate — defeat. Even
the least informed persons are aware
that socialists and anarchists are not
identical."
The Vorwaertz remarks: "Behind
the Reichstag stands the German peo
ple, who understand that legislation in
the guise of fighting the Umsturz will
only be by capitalists and severely in
jure the rights of well-being of the la
boring masses."
The Liberal newspapers all denounce
the idea of repressive legislation, but
there is a strong current in court and
Government circles in favor of such
measures, and a dispatch sent to Em
peror William by the spokesman of the
leading industrial association of the
Rhine and Westphalia, welcoming in
advance any steps taken to repress the
enemies of the state and ethical or
der, is significant, especially as It was
sent soon after his Majesty had per
sonally, in a speech, pronounced himself
in favor of such repression.
Diplomatic circles will not be sur
prised if Russia and Austria set on
foot a proposal for international action
against anarchists, but they consider it
extremely doubtful whether Great Brit
ain, the United States or Switzerland
will co-operate.
The Deutsche Zeltung suggests that
all European governments agree to de
port confessed anarchists to a far away
Island and keep them there until they
die.
The approaching visit of Emperor
William to Turkey is now arousing con
siderable interest. The Sultan is mak
ing extraordinary efforts to please the
Emperor during the latter's stay at
Constantinople. The palace intended
for his reception is being fitted up with
lavish luxury. The decorations alone
will cost 1,500,000 marks. Emperor
William will stay about twelve days at
Constantinople. The Turkish troops, it
is asserted, are somewhat dissatisfied
on the subject, as their arrears of pay
have been devoted to the expense of
E-nppror William's visit.
The preparations at Jerusalem for the
visit of Emperor William are In full
swing. Streets are being cut through
the city and the regular mountains of
rubbish in the Bazaar quarter have
been removed. The garrison of Jerusa
lem has beeen especially active in drill
ing in order to Impress the Emperor,
though many of the.m are bare-footed
and wear no uniforms, while others are
little better clad. All of these soldiers,
however, are to receive new uniforms
for the festivities organized in honor of
the visit of Emperor William to the
Holy Land :
CUBAN COMMISSION
FEARS A SERIOUS CRISIS
Sr*<Mal rnble to Th<> Tall anl the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISSS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Sept. 17.— 1n my dis
patches sent through the censor last
night it was intimated that the Ameri
can commissioners had decided to move
more quickly than they originally in
tended. That fact may be stated with
more emphasis to-day.
Affairs are approaching a crisis rap
idly, and with ever increasing speed.
The crisis may pass smoothly. Other
wise it will involve the introduction of
American troops on an earlier date
than has been expected. Reports daily
received from various sources confirm
ing one another have convinced the
commissioners that the Cuban soldiers
are in desperate straits for want of
food. The question is apparently
quickly becoming (me of starvation or
violation of the protocol. In the in
surgent camps men are still armed,
and. hard pressed by hunger, must be
dangerous even under the best disci
pline.
Such is the view reached by the com
missioners and hence their inclination
to hurry.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Do you want colored tea,
or money-back tea ?
Schilling's Best is the pure
and money-back.
NOT READY TO
PARTICIPATE IN
THE REVISION
Dreyfus Case Still Causing prench
Statesmen to Resign prom
Office.
Minister of War Zurlinden Succeeded by General
Chauoine, While Godin Succeeds
Tillay.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PARIS, Sept. 17.— At a meeting of
the Cabinet Ministers to-day it was de
cided to submit the decision in the
Dreyfus case to a commission to be
selected by the Minister of Justice, M.
Sarrien. Ihe Ministers for War and
Public Works left before the council
adjourned, which was rightly inter
preted as meaning that they did not
agree with their colleagues in this mat
ter, and that they Intended to resign.
The council met at the Elysee Palace
at 9:30 a. m., President Faure presid-
Ing. According to a semi-official note, j
the Minister of Justice said that after \
examining the papers he felt unable
to decide upon the question of the pro- !
posed revision of the Dreyfus case un- j
til he had taken the opinion of a spe
cial commissl n of the Ministry of j
Justice. The Cabinet thereupon au- i
thorized the Minister to summon a
committee for the purpose. It is re
ported now that the portfolio of Min
ister of War will be offered to Gen- :
eral Le Brun or M. de Freycinet, and j
that if they refuse to accept the office \
M. Brisson will assume the duties of j
Minister of War in addition to the
Premiership, and M. Valee will be ap
pointed Minister of the Interior.
As he was leaving the Elysee Palace
after the Cabinet meeting a large crowd
of people cheered the Premier, M. Bris- i
son, with cries of "Viva la revision!" |
apparently showing that feeling was '
"WHEN THIEVES
FALL OUT-"
Dawn of Better Times
for San Jose.
MACKENZIES KNIFING REA
"JOHNNIE" WANTS TO BE BOSS
HIMSELF.
Ambition of the Ungrateful Under
ling May Aid in Ridding the
Garden City of
Both.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 17.— The trouble In
the city schools has caused strife
among the leaders of the gang and
"Johnnie" Mackenzie is trying to ob
tain the leadership now held by "Jim"
Rea, Mackenzie has had ample train
ing to qualify him for the position of
"boss," but Rea refuses to give
way to his lieutenant. The "boss" sees
that Mackenzie is undermining him and
it hurts his pride and he denounces
Mackenzie for his "sneaking ways."
The respectable people of the city
care little whether Rea or Mackenzie is
"boss," because both are objectionable
and things will run along in the same
old rut with either in control. The In
gratitude of Mackenzie is causing much
comment. Rea made his lieutenant
what he is and now the latter is en
deavoring to supersede him.
Mackenzie as game warden and poli
tician and with aspirations for the
Postmastershlp is distasteful to the
citizens of San Jose. He has split the
ranks of the Republican party wide
open and wrecked the High School and
public school system of the city. Mac
kenzie is Rea's most trusted lieutenant
and for years has done the boss 1 dirty
work. Of tue two evils the people pre
fer Rea, but the latter's reign has im
peded the growth of the city and done
injury from which it will take years to
recover.
The trouble in the city schools is the
bone of contention between Rea and
Mackenzie. Since the disastrous result
of the dismissal of Professor Smith
from the High School for political rea
sons Mackenzie has been accusing the
"boss" of mismanagement. He claims
Rea stirred up all the strife by ordering
Smith's removal and the displacing of
Mrs. A. B. Clement as Deputy City
Superintendent of Schools to make
room for Miss Irene Hankenson of Gil
roy. The people objected to these re
movals and strongly protested against
them, but Rea was "bullheaded" and
refused to give in. Mackenzie is trying
to make the respectable people believe
he tried to keep Smith and Mrs. Cle
changing In favor of a reopening of the
Dreyfus case.
General Zurlinden, the Minister of
War, has tendered his resignation.
General Zurlinden sent his resignation
in writing to Premier Brisson, as fol
lows :
"I have the honor to beg you to re
ceive my resignation as Minister of
War. An exhaustive study of the
papers in the Dreyfus case has con
vinced me too fully of his guilt for me
to accept, as the head of the army, any
other solution than that of the mainte
nance of the judgment in its entirety."
Later in the day another Cabinet
council was held, at which General Cha
nolne, commander of the First Division
of the First Army Corps (Department
of North and the Pas de Cakiis), was
appointed Minister of War in succes
sion to General Zurlinden, and Senator
Godin, representing French India, was
appointed Minister of Public Works,
succeeding M. Tillay. The latter, In
transmitting his letter of resignation,
is apparently bidding for popular favor.
He wrote:
"The council having decided to ap
point a commission to consider the re
quest for a revision of the trial of the
convict Dreyfus I am unable to accept
any share in the responsibility for tne
step, which, in my opinion, Involves a
revision of the case."
The committee summoned by M. Sar
rien to decide upon the question of tne
proposed revision will begin to consider
the matter on next Wednesday.
ment in office and that Rea insisted on
them going. His friends are telling
this broadcast over the city. He also
claims Rea directed the ballot-box stuf
fing at the late primary against his
(Mackenzie's) wish.
The bad financial condition of San
Jose's schools is the result of gang rule
as administered by Rea and the Mac
kenzie family— John, Andy and Miss
Belle Mackenzie. This latter person is
a recognized lieutenant of the gang and
it Is she who maps out the work of the
woman teachers in the school depart
ment at election times. All the teach
ers are compelled to get out and hustle
for votes in the campaigns and they
are a great aid to the gang. The po
sition of Supervisor of Kindergartens
at $75 a month was lately created for
Miss Belle Mackenzie. The place is a
sinecure and is in the nature of pay for
political work done by herself and
brothers.
The schools are going from bad to
worse and if things keep on this way it
will be only a question of time when
the school department of San Jose will
be the laughing stock of the State. The
mingling of politics with school affairs
Is the cause of the difficulty. Rea's
School Trustees — Graham, Kenyon and
Wemple — have used the people's money
extravagantly and now there is not
enough to carry on the schools for the
ensuing year. Last year there was a
deficiency of $6000 in the school depart
ment and this year it promises to be
larger. The prospects are that the new
$75,000 High School will have to stand
vacant for a year because they have no
money to use in moving into it. There
is $11,425 in the High School fund for
the ensuing year, and this is but a little
over half what will be needed. Over
$12,000 will be needed alone for salaries,
to say nothing of incidental expenses.
To move into the new High School be
tween $6000 and $SOOO additional will be
needed for increased expenses. Rea
has given the trustees orders to move
into the High School at any expense,
and the trustees now propose to take
$6900 from the county school fund to
help defray the expense. The City At
torney has been requested to give a
favorable opinion in the matter. This
will cripple the grammar schools, but
the gang is determined that the High
School shall be shoved to the front. The
recent strike of the pupils in that in
stitution against gang Interference in
school affairs has given the school a
great setback. This year there are less
than 250 pupils enrolled there, while
there should be about 400. Last year
the enrollment was 348. Over 125 pupils
from this city are attending the High
School at Santa Clara.
The City Board of Education is con
sidering the cutting of the salaries of
the High School faculty 20 per cent.
This is necessary in order to conduct
the school, owing to the extravagance
of the trustees. The principals of the
grammar schools are to be reduced $200
a year. By this reduction In the .pay
roll the board hopes to be able to keep
the school running according to the
dictates of Rea and the Mackenzies.
San Jose Cemetery Chapel Burned.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 17.— This afternoon
the chapel of the Catholic Cemetery at
Santa Clara was totally destroyed by
fire. Nothing was saved. There were
many valuable oil paintings burned,
one, very large and much treasured, be
ing from the brush of Brother Torto*
ria of the college. The origin of the
fire is unknown. Loss about $1000; no
insurance.
Copenhagen's Round Tower, built in
the eleventh century and 150 feet high.
is to be moved bodily a distance of 150
feet to "widen a business street.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , ,
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS !
Now is the time for replenishing household stores o? Bed-
dings and Linens. Our reputation as headquarters for
MUSLINS, LINENS,
SHEETINGS,
BLANKETS, COMFORTERS,
AND OTHER HOUSEKEEPING DRY GOODS,
Gained by great assortments and exceptional values, will be
more than sustained by present stocks, which have never
been equaled in variety or qualities. . . . .
I7S-86 California Wool Blan-
, £& ?^.^r^^.s7.soPa,r
Better grades at $10.00,
"pUta ~~ • Hemstitched »1 2.50 and rr $15.00 Pair
.« lOc 4-ix36 ■ ■ ...12'4c Full size Comforters, pure
£* •■"•.%« &36 (best grade.) ...20c whtt. coUon^lUn^ , ]f im-
Ii— — — — "1 at $1.25, $1.50. $2.00
Ready-made Sheets, I and « &t « n c-™.*" 501
nedUy-HIdUC JlieCl^ | rull Blze sateen Com-
"■"■"■"■■"^^■'■'^^■■ lllß ™ ! "* l forters, ' white cotton till- ■
' Plain. ' ■ Hemstitched Ins*, at $1. 25. #1.50.
63x90 350 63x90 45c | $2.00. $2.50. $3.00 and $4.00
81x90 ...... 450 81x90 55c i-^,,^^_____^ i^^ -ißsil^ Ba^ 111— 1^ -—^^
[ Curtain Nets. | . TlrP^llOOfi^
Curtain Nets. I » fII*AQC ilAfferls
Irish Point Sash Curtain Net, In a " JLF 1 VwJ \ivv«*J(
(rreat variety, at 50c, <>Oe, 85c.
$1.00 and upward. - 1— ■ — »i 1 ..,■.. i.n , "mii ii.im—^ni
en c iii| C ,i|c r\c BROCHE NOVELTY SUITINGS..
OrL^IAL OrtLC Ur .In -colored grounds; such as new
■ — -.., 1. ...... .— .■»..«!.. j .... ■!!. H— i — - blue, , browns, ruby-forest, green,
Ini I •'. 'in C 1. I etc., combined with black raised
I Blankets and Comforters, \ i?»™ •**«». 39 i**** »»> llt
10-4 Eastern Blankets, fine . \ FRIEZE FANCY SUITINGS, f
value $1.50 Pair n a dozen" different color combina-
11-4 Eastern" Blankets," "line ations, such as- red and black.
•- value $1.75 Pair ! green and black, blue and black,
10-4 California "Wooi'Bl'an-' * £ t( y- made of \*tr- woo and Mo- ',;
kets with about 1-5 cot- nair. 41 inches wide *}}.4.00 a Suit
ton $3.75 Pair FANCY BAYADERE SUITINGS. "
11-4 California Wool Blan- The newest fad in fall goods; all
kets, with about 1-5 cot- the latest colorings, very rich two-
ton $4.50 Pair toned effects, all wool, 4S inches
K64-?0 California All Wool wide $0.00 a Suit
Blankets $5.00 Pair' IMPORTED SUIT PATTERNS. -' ,
72-80 California All Wool ■ In a large variety of styles, such
Blankets, very heavy and as Plernla's raised bayaderes, two-
warranted all wool $5.50 Pair toned friezes, Venetian cloths,
74-84 California Wool Blan- etc.; any of the new fall color-
kets, very heavy and war- ings, every one a different style,
ranted all wool $0.50 Pair an excellent n0ve1ty.. ....57.50 a Suit
(The above goods on sale at Market-street store only.)
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET. 1220- 1224 MARKET STREET.
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT'
& ill i i n •
AT MANUFACTURERS PRICE.
CO Gallon
O Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon. .
Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
busweliTpaint co.,
33 Market St., S. F.
■./NO..PAINI NO PAINI
-^&Z*£*l. Lowest Prices in tin City I
Sg'jj'S'Wagi^ - . ■ GUARANTEED.
<9»-» 'fi TEETH WITHOUT
TjSgS j^BSm *By plates a specialty.
JgS? **3^ @l Full Set of Teeth, ex-
•\f ' jt .V I trading free..*4.sO up
'- •■i >W^R. Qold Crowns - --'^
vffiviJb^^^miSk v^^. Fillings 1250 up
i!MS&m*M ELECTRO-DENTAL
ffmsK§sii'o clinic,
ljs*Z^\&te*SUf/P Suite 7, Flood Building,
™ ,>/£; 1809 MARKET ST.
Office lint.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun., 9 to 2 p.m.
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
pnoooooooo o r> o o o o o o
jo " PALACE ■ «*{
%GRAND HOT Mk§»
q BAN FRANCISCO. ft
Connected by a covered passageway.
° 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. ©
, O ■ ' All Under One Management. . O
O : VOIT. THI3 PiJIOBS: Q
O European Plan. Sl per day and upward^
American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward O
1 0 Correspondence Solicited.' • n
' q JOHN 0. m.TPATR.CK, JJtatjer. Q
Use '?**&■ and
Facial Soap ft£ J Facial Cream.
The Grandest Toilet Combination known for
the skin, complexion and teeth is Wood bury!
Facial Soap, Facial > Cream and Facial and
Tooth Powder. The dally u*<e of thtae articles
will protect a fair complexion and cure a bud
■kin. .
RUPTURE.
W^V'y ; USE NO MORE IRON
JMfeKSfe&WSjfflS I ''^ Hoops " Steel Springs.
A l'>W6aiSr Rupture retained with ease
fj*^73flrv< an<^ coriirri i"t. and thousands radl-
M /j9v s cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
'a./^Mf M «Knetlc Elastic Truss. ICv^Call at
office or write fr-r New Pamphlet No. L
MAGNETIC ELASTIC^ TRUSS CO.,
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, Sari Francisco
ANNUAL EXAMINATION
OF—
TEACHERS.
The regular semi-annual examination of ap-
plicants lor teachers' cert 1 t en (High . School.
Grammar and Primary grades aiul»peclal cer-
tificates) will commence at the Normal School
building. Powell st., near Clay, on: FRIDAY,
September 23, ISSB. at 1:30 p. < m.': • :;:.-.-. ■
.'. In compliance with the State school law each
applicant must pay an examination fee of %2 In
advance to Ml.«» P. M. Nolan, secretary at th?
Board of Examiners, office, central corridor. 1
third floor. City Hall. ■ R. H. WEBSTER. ;
■ ; Superintendent of Common Schools.
CHA S. W. WELCH. Secretary. .
fi^J ; Ohicheatcr'* Ensl'sh Diamond Bmnd. t
PenhyroVal pills
ennyroVal pills
: B ,»<S^v • Orlclnn! and Only Cenalue. : ','▲.'■
• J^dtrcv\ •*'■• »!»»« r«U«bl«. ladies ut >»X
' f> M ,y\ \>y&k. DrntElst for Chichctttrt SncUth Dia-£f\y
M*fUSX&&i\mond Brand in Kr4 and Gold oieiamo\%gßT
T?\ — T*iWwbo»<u. tr«leU wlib blue ribbon. Take VST i
T*\ W^ Wlno Other. Rffuit dangtrout tub:titu- V .
I I ~~ Iff tianM and imitation: At Drafgiitt. oramdC*,'
I *»»■-. fjg In itivmpi •■ for partloal&rt, teattmonialt and
V *D» t9 "Relief for Ladle*, "inlaur, by retnm ■
•-V // Mail. 10,000 TdtirucoUln /r«, Paper.
k _ ~^*-~rCkl»hft«TChvmlcalCa*M*Alton Human,
i»W bj all Local i>ru«l»t». ■ PBILAUJU VS
■■-, ■ :.-: ■. ■V. '•■-:•- '.' r'■ ■ ■ . "
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND,' ON TH3
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
i the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, 'condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company {2, 032, 077 43
Loans on bonds and mortgages 272,000 00
Cash market value of. all stocks and •
bonds owned by company 3,951.329 41
Cash In company's office ■ 1,437 53
Cash in. banks...' 314, 49
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and , loans.. 47,487 OS
Interest due and accrued on bonds '
| and mortgages '1,120 00
I Premiums in due course of collection 762.56218
Bills receivable, not matured, taken .
for fire and marine risks " 1.674 77
Rents due and accrued.... :.'.;.. 10,040 12
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid ' 5,186 $8
Total assets $7, 400,199 78
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid.. $59,022 71
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense .' 337,184 07
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 62,075 70
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $3,211,567 42;
reinsurance 50 per cent.... 1.603.753 71
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $4,411,-
309 64; reinsurance pro rata 2,241,059 50
Amount reelaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 222,281 18
Liability under life department 121,459 73
Due and accrued, for salaries, rent,
taxes, etc — .' 57,288 43
All other, demands against the com-
pany 325,957 88
Total liabilities ; $5,032,112 91
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums • $4,597,355 53
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages — 12,635 25
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks,, loans and from
all other sources 179.349 99
I Received for rents - 47.507 21
Total income $1,836.847 98
EXPENDITURES.
i Net amount paid for fire losses' (in-
cluding $455,740 98, losses of pre-
i vious years) $2,538,666 2-4
1 Paid or allowed for commission or
! brokerage 808.325 83
i Paid for salaries, 'fees and other
■ charges for officers, clerks, etc 340,138 79
| Paid for State, national and local
| taxes 117.033 23
All other payments and expenditures. 253.033 j8 ;
Total expenditures $i,057,203 70
Fire. <
Losses incurred during the year $2,539,436 29
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $704,857,441 $3,995,897 74
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 623,744,013 5,689,255 48
Net amount In force De- . .
cember 31. 1597 750.515,754 7.613.115 68
E. F. BEDDALL, United States Manager.
Subscribed, and *worn to before me this 25th
day of January. 18!>S. '•
, EDMUND HARVEY. • Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT
Royal Insurance Building,
COR. PINE AND SANSOME STS.,
SAN ' FRANCISCO. -
ROLLA V. WATT, Manager.
* JOHN R. HILLMAN, Mgr. Local Department.
BRANCH OFFICE :
rrii© «T. D. : MAXWELL CO.
UtaiL Wli *'" t n * v*^**
THE HOME REMEDY «Sf n /S;
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS^W.,*,"
wr»ng. Fcr all thme paiua, irrrfularities and ■ difficultly no
remedy on firth <f"j.*ir..D|rt Easily applied by ladjrher-
cquat >; r»mou,3anO-KJO »,|f /Relieve, all pain
jSSX£Sfsj3l in Womb or Ovarle* tn 10 minute*.
ggjSpjjS^SS Promptly relives Headac he. Nausea. Blood and
Kg* ®**c3 and Despondftiry. Core* I-eucorrhiea, Womb
Sin Voitib or Ovnrte« In tt> minute*.
rind Despondency. Cnrct I.«ucorrhup», Womb
tfis&^*^® < -" " r * th ' trit » and 1 Itallzen CjLJJ
' 'AS««JaF»- whole frnme. Pnfe, Sure and Xjfij'T
Ab.nlutrly Harmlrna. Oiw CO c'nt box will
complete a earn in ordinary e«w».
•tfftpViiT PAIM fOll> BY AIT ' i»Krr.Gi9TB.
OIUIO ALL I AIR or mailed m plain wrapper on receipt
IN ID MnUTF^ rtnC«.Caxtonßl<J e Chlt2g»
Sold . by ■ Owl Drug Co., S. F., and Oakland. 
VJONG WOO,
jf^y CHINESE TEA AND HERB
tWONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HER 3
SANITARIUM.
Jg>^L .* e CLAY ST., Su rracoiiM,O»l
_XKE3n»js*i»> All U.rtrtlSi.s I I ei.cluatVB-
•9^PflT'lTlv» 'I' by Chinese . jrbs. over. 3000
'^■JSaPJfl' varieties being ueod. ADVICEI
FREE. Hours," 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 ami 7 ta "
I 9 p.ai. '....'.■ ..
78
INNOVATIONS AT
THE CONFERENCE
Pastoral Appointments
of Methodists.
LARGE CHARCES UNCHANGED
•'TURN AND TURN ABOUT" FOR
MINOR POSTS.
Stampede to Make a Certain Vote
Unanimous Is Productive of
Considerable Wit and
Merriment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 17.— The forty
eixth California Conference now in ses
sion at this little seaside resort is unique
In many ways, and is therefore the more
Interesting to those participating in its
deliberations. It is rumored that in the
matter of its resulting pastoral appoint
ments it will also be unique, for, with a
few necessary exceptions, the annoint
ments will most likely remain the same
In the more Important charges. The
usual "turn and turn about" will doubt
less prevail in the minor charges, but Dr.
F. D. Bovard, who has finished the ex
treme length of time allowed by the
church discipline at his present charge,
the First Church, Alameda, is about the
only pastor of one of the larger churches
who will, so far as known, receive b new
appointment. Naturally, there are many
and various rumors afloat in regard to
what the Bishop will do in the matter of
appointments, but most of them are con
sidered rather wild by those who are sup
posed to know.
At 9 a. m. the fourth day's session of
the forty-sixth conference was called to
order by Bishop Hurst, and yesterday's
minutes were read.
Dr. John Coyle spoke at some length
upon the course he. took yesterday in vot
ing against equal lay and ministerial rep-
resentation in General Conference, and
asked that, in view of the wish that the
vote of the conference be unanimous on
this Important question, he be allowed to
change his vote to the affirmative. E. E.
Dodge, the other member of the confer
ence who voted negatively, followed with
the remark that he wjis not an obstruc
tionist, neither was he a mule; he be
lieved that he knew a stampede when ne
saw it, and realized that the California
Conference laymen had stampeded this
question. He therefore requested to be
allowed to change his vote also.
Both requests were granted, after which
some one started singing "Blest Be the
Tie That Binds," thus occasioning much
merriment. The vote of this conference
now stands unanimous.
The committee on ministerial quali
fications reported on candidates referred
to them yesterday, their report being
adopted.
Rev. Jesse L. Hurlbut, D.D., of New
York, corresponding secretary of the
Methodist Episcopal Sunday-school Union,
and Rev. A. J. Palmer, D.D., of New
York, secretary of the United States
Methodist Missionary Society, were in
troduced to the conference by the Bisnop
and received with applause.
The report of the committee on comer
ence relations resulted in the action of the
conference on change of relations of G.
H. MeOracken from supernumerary to
effective; F. M. Wallis from supernum
erary to superannuate; John Chisholm
and L. W. Simmons from effective to su
pernumerary; T. R. Hartley and W. xi.
Gober from superannuate to effective.
Applications of candidates for deacons'
orders and admission to the conference
as local preachers were then presented
and Edward L. Snowden. Moses S". Cross,
"Walter Merritt, Fay Donaldson, Edward
H. Mackay. Lee Tong Hay and H. E.
Milnes were, on motion of their respec
tive presiding elders, elected deacons. Of
these Snowden, Mackay, Donaldson and
Lee Tong Hay will be ordained by Bishop
Hurst to-morrow.
Candidates for recognition of orders
presented their certificates of standing in
other churches, and on motion were ac
corded proper recognition. They were
Rev. C. M. Golder from the Methodist
Episcopal Church South, and Rev. Syl
vester Clark from the Methodist Protest
ant church.
At 10:30 the delegates from the lay
association, consisting of Justus Greeley.
Mrs. J. H. Glide, Mrs. M. E. Herrold, Wil
liam Abbott and T. B. Hutchlnson, were
received by the conference. The delega
tion brought greetings from the Cali
fornia laity to the conference, gratitude
for yesterday's action on the part of the
conference In voting for equal lay rep
resentation In the General Conference,
and assurances of hearty co-operation In
all branches of Methodist work.
Messrs. Abbott, Hutchinson and Gree
ley spoke In behalf of the laymen, and
Bishop Hurst responded for the confer
ence. He spoke emphatically of the
value of lay work to Methodism, and
Btated that on them should be placed the
credit largely for the great stability of
Methodism. He said that the clergy of
this church had frequently had attacks
of various kinds of heresies, as children
are attacked by measles and other Juve
nile diseaseS, but that heresy had rarely
attacked the laity, and that the church
can depend on the laymen to stand true
to its doctrines. He closed with a gen
eral view of the wider responsibility, na
tional responsibility, that has lately been
thrown on the Christian people of Cali
fornia by the opening to them of Hawaii
and the Philippines, and admonishing
them to meet it fitly.
At the conclusion of this Dr. John
Thompson of California, secretary of the
American Bible Society, gave a brief talk
on his< work, and was followed by Dr.
Bentley, who presented a resolution of
appreciation of Dr. Thompson's forty
years' of efficient work In the Bible cause.
Dr. Beard next presented a resolution
of considerable significance, requesting
Bishop Hurst to constitute a new district
of this conference embracing the Ha
waiian Islands, which was adopted.
Bishop Hurst then called the candi
dates for deacon's orders, and after ask
ing them the requisite disciplinary ques
tions, admonished them with great prac
tical as well as Christian wisdom on the
high responsibility they are about to take
upon themselves. "There Is need," he
said, "of the stiffening up of the vertebral
column of the church In every branch,
and one way to accomplish this Is by
strong denominational loyalty. A young
man entering the ministry should learn
to be a good pastor and a good preacher,
for these two characteristics are the two
wings that bear up the eagle in his
heavenward flight.
At the close of this impressive scene.
Rev. Jessp L. Hurlbut, D. D.. of New
York, corresponding secretary of the
Methodist Episcopal Sunday School
Union, addressed the conference, and af
ter announcements and singing of the
Doxology, the morning's session ad
journed!
Committee meetings, deliberations of
cabinet relative to ministerial appoint
ments by presiding elders, and other ex
traneous business occupied the afternoon.
At 5 p. m. the second social event of
this conference occurred. The alumni as
sociation of the University of the Pacific
I held a reunion and banquet in the large
parlors of the M. E. church, at which
the Bishop and ministers of the con
ference and their wives were the guests
of honor. The parlors were elegantly dec
orated with flowers and the guests were
in gala attire. A. J. Hanson, president
of the association, acted as master of
ceremonies and announced each of the
toasts during the banquet. Covers were
laid for 127 guests, among whom were
the most distinguished Methodise clergy
and most prominent professional and
business men on the Pacific Coast, as well
as ladies of social and educational note.
The toast's presented and those re
sponded to were: "Our University," Dr.
Eli McClish. president of the University
of the Pacific, and Bishop John F. Hurst,
chancellor of the American Methodist
University at Washington. D. C ;
"Founders of the University.' T. C. Mc-
Clusney; "Christian Education," Rev. C.
H. Payne, D.D.. secretary of the Ameri
can Methodist Educational Society; '•Our
Alumni," J. J. Martin, an alumnus of the
university; "Trustees of the University,"
S. E. Holden of Napa; "College Life,"
Miss Kingsbury of San Francisco.
The usual conference educational anni
versary was held at S p. m. in Assembly
Hall, Rev. Eli McClish presiding over the
exercises. Rev. C. H. Payne, D.D., one
of the distinguished heads of the Metho
dist educational movement in America,
delivered an address, taking "Christian
Education" as his theme. He said among
other things that the Methodists did not
claim to have a perfect educational sys
tem, but did claim to have one that is
not surpassed by any other. After briefly
outlining the system he said me funda
mental point of the whole idea was to
educate the vast mass of young American
manhood and womanhood and make
them want college training, and that
without depreciating the public school
system, for it was one of America's glo
ries, he was compelled to say that a
Christian college was an absolute neces
sity If the real aim of education to make
CHARACTER SKETCHES AT THE METHODIST CONFERENCE
PACIFIC GROVE,
ideal symmetrical men and women was
realized.
This address closed the day's work.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium. 514 Pln^.nr. Keamy.S.F. Cal.
REACHING OUT FOR TRADE.
Exploring South America for a Mar-
ket for California Wines.
Of late years the California State Board
of Trade, which originally devoted its ef
forts almost exclusively to promoting im
migration to California, is extending its
work on lines calculated to increase the
market for California products. This or
ganization realizes that by increasing the
demand for California products and thus
promoting the welfare of the producers,
the work of inducing additional immigra
tion to-enter the n>ld of production and
continue the development of our resources
will be easier. Outside of its exposition
work, which has been carried on for the
double purpose of securing trade in the
State's products, the board is reaching out
into new fields and exploring them with a
view of ascertaining the conditions for the
sale of California's surplus production.-;.
Some explorations In this line have recent
ly been made in South America, through
the agency of the Philadelphia Commer
cial Museum, of which the California
State Board of Trade is an affiliating
member, and the museum reports back to
the State Board of Trade that "on an in
vestigation as to the probability of a mar
ket for California wines In the* more pop
ulous sections of Brazil, it has arrived at
the conclusion that if these wines were
properly pushed they might find a very
satisfactory' sale In such places as Para,
Pernambuco, Bahia, and even in Rio de
Janeiro, though in the latter city the large
proportion of European population might
be the reason of the less degree of favor.
The Figera wines of Portugal are very
popular in the regions mentioned. It is
understood that they very much resemble
the California wines and that no change
In the people's tastes would, therefore, be
necessary in introducing the latter."
The Philadelphia Museum sends this in
formation, and the State Board of Trade
gives it out for the benefit of the wine
growers of California. The museum, at
the same time, says it will be pleased to
follow up its investigations and efforts in
any practical way on receipt of inquiries,
by accompanying names of shipping firms,
merchants, importers and possible con
sumers. It Is further stated that the Hon.
Charles Page Bryan, the American Min
ister to Brazil, confirms this opinion re
garding the introduction of California
wines in that country.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Rwlmmlnß. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Snlt water direct from ocean.
AN EXAGGERATION.
Exception Taken to an A3-
sertion Made by David
Starr Jordan.
"David Starr Jordan Is considerably off
in his figures when he asserts that more
soldiers have died In San Francisco than
were killed during the entire war," said
a military officer yesterday. "Less than
100 have died here, while in one battle
alone, that of San Juan Hill, In Cuba,
there were a great many more than 100
men killed. The other side of this sick
ness question has not oeen told. Th<;re
were 26.000 men handled in San Fran
cisco, and there have been only four
deaths to a thousand, and the greatest
number occurred among the volunteers
who were inexperienced men. many of
whom did not know how to take care of
themselves, and some who did know p'in
ply wouldn't care for themselves. Com
paratlvely very little sickness and but
few deaths occurred among the regulars.
I see that Maguire is making political
capital out of the alleged mismanage
ment of the volunteers, when the fact is
they were well provided for, and had they
heeded the advice that was given iherii
time and time again there would not have
been the least occasion for this -icwl on
the part of political demagogues and
misinformed persons. Among tha latter
take, for Instance, Governor Lord of Ore
gon, who had been misled by some crank
of. a woman Into believing that the Ore-
Eon recruits were ill treated. Governor
ord came here and investigated the mat
ter and found exactly the contr*rv to te
the case. I suggest that David Starr
Jordan likewise make a personal investi
gation before he gives San Francisco un
other black eye. Of course X is no use to
expect the truth about this matter from
any politician or office-seeker no lon^ is
he can make capital out of mtsstatc
ments."
Advances msde on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SFXDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 189 S.
BOSS REA ISSUES
ANOTHER EDICT
Plans to Run San Jose's
High School.
ROBBING PETER TO PAY PAUL
WOULD LOOT THE GRAMMAR
SCHOOL FUND.
Orders to the Board of Education
That Are Expected to Be Backed
by an Opinion of the
City Attorney.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 17.— "Jim" Rea has
given the City Board of Education or
ders to keep the High School running
along in its extravagant way at any
cost. In order to do this an attempt
will be made to use money from the
county school fund.
The School Trustees held an informal
meeting to-night and expressed a wish
to carry out the boss' dictates. They
expect to get an opinion from City At
torney Beasley, a confirmed gang man,
allowing them to use the money. The
High Seho<.-1 fund contains only $11,425,
which is just a little over half enough
for the coming year. Now the Trustees
propose to take about $!>OOO from the
grammar schools to bolster up the
High School, which the gang has al
most ruined. This last amcrunt will be
necessary in order to move the school
into the new building. A reduction will
have to be :;iade all through the School
Department, and it is proposed to cut
the salaries of the principals of gram
mar schouls $200 per year.
The High School has been going from
bad to worse through the work of the
Trustees, and now these worthies pro
pose to cripple the grammar schools.
In using county fund mo-ney for the
High School the Trustees are attempt
ing to do just what Rea sought to keep
the Trustees of the Santa Clara High
School from doing by injunction. Santa
Clara wanted the money to provide ac
commodations for the striking pupils
from this city. The law is very plain
on the matter and says that only High
School funds can be used for -High
School purposes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-«Q9®®®®®®©®®®®®®©®®®®®®®®©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
® . ■' rjnaJl Mg . - -:'__ ' ' "' _^ - -f s
® - ' - - . ■• " * | . ® -
I LEX ME HELP YOU? I
® . ®
I P^^^K^^l^^^^^^^S^^^^^M My Electric Belt has made 1 000 sufferers rejoice during the past five years. It |
® |fvfv^'^^^^^^^S^^^^^^^^^B^r^ has cured them of weakness and of the pains and misery resulting from the loss of nervous ®
I W®^^ energy. It has helped them to sleep, to eat and to enjoy the health which nature intended ®
® w3 *** ik. liliiiiil ou w^° are ma^ n S a drugshop of your poor, delicate stomach, listen : Drugs don't ®
® pJiKIiS w§%^ sSSmI £' ye s * ren : they stimulate like alcohol, but after their effect has passed off, after the ®
© iliifslil ' M?^3 poor stomach and nerves have recovered from the stimulation, are you not as bad as ever? I
® jj^wa^^^rafc^ -*<^^^^^WtS V ' must have stren tn - he organs which are suffering are weak, WEAK, WEAK.' %
% T ! ley want help. Then give it to them. Nature has provided electricity for this purpose. ®
© U^^^^^i^^^^^^^^^sW^M ™ the tired ' weary and almost worn out organs with jt< and you win nil them with joy. 2
® W^^^SB^^^' f ■' :^Jsre^^ You win feel your spirits iump . wlth ecstacy ' your blood will become warm> your nerves firm ' 1
i :-.\: -.\ CALL AND SEE THIS BELT, !
®, You can learn all about it in ten minutes. It is simple, but grand. You can test it and feel its power, and when you understand it you will want ®
® it. You will know thai at last you have N found vigor, health and happiness. If you cannot call, send at once for my free book, "Three Classes of ®
® Men, -;Or, "Maiden, Wife and Mother." Both are full of candor, full of nature's truths, and they will help you. Call or write to-day. %
® ■V""^ 'tf' I V : ''Jy : || ■ df~*i S± >Rk'V'Ti M "N U - IfkT * — — ■ : : *' ®r? i
® ID3R,. -A-. T. S-^-ISTIDEjISr, NOT IN DRUG STORES. >*
® - - 702 Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. i. D^ l^i^ E K%t^ %
® * - OfEce hours, BAtM.to 8 P. M. : Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 W. Second Btreet; Portland, Or., 253 Washington strc-i: Den- nor by traveling aeenu; only r*
« ver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth ntreet; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. v : ; . ■,■ ,- v .■?:■{■ ; ' v^ s . . at our office.
®©©®® ® ® ® ® ® <%® ® ®"®® ®® ® ® ®® ® ® ® ®® ®©®® ® ® ®"® ®'® ®®® ® ® ® ®®®®®®®®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ©^ ®®®®®®®® ®®® ® <&
FRANCIS JOSEPH'S
SORROWS SHARED
The World Sympathizes
Austria's Ruler.
SOLEMN SERVICES ARE HELD
REMAINS OF THE SLAIN EM
PRESS PLACED IN A VAULT.
Vienna Is in Mourning and the
People of Every Land Join
in Expressions of
Sympathy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIENNA, Sept. 17.— Emperor Francis
Joseph at 9 o'clock this morning re
ceived the special representatives of
foreign sovereigns. An hour later he
received the visiting sovereigns, with
the exception of the King of Saxony,
whom he personally greeted at the rail
road station.
The inhabitants of this city streamed
to the chapel of the Hofburg and de
filed before the casket containing the
remains of the late Empress. Em
peror Francis Joseph, Prince Hohen
lohe, the German Imperial Chancellor,
and Baron yon Bulow, the German
Minister for Foreign Affairs, received
Emperor William at the railroad sta
tion. The Emperors shook hands and
kissed each other's cheeks three times.
Then they proceeded back to the
church, where Emperor William, in be
half of himself and the Empress of
Germany, deposited on the casket con
taining the remains of the late Em
press of Austria a floral wreath which
his Majesty had brought from Ger
many. The Emperor dined at the Ger
man Embassy after the funeral and
started for Berlin this evening.
The aspect of this city to-day was
more somber than upon any day of the
week of mourning. Hardly a house
was without black draperies, and the
entire populace seemed to have poured
out into the streets. Every train
brought hundreds of people from the
country, and all, even the persons be
longing to the lower classes, were in
mourning. The street lamps were all
alight, shining dimly through coverings
of crepe.
Great torches threw glaring flames
over the royal chapel, in which the re
mains of the late Empress have lain in
state since yesterday morning. The
doors of the chapel were closed at noon,
thus barring out thousands of people
who were anxious to see the casket.
At 4 o'clock the tolling of bells an
nounced the starting of the procession.
The route from the Hofburg to the in
significant church of the Capuchins,
whose vaults entomb the Hapsburgs,
is so short that only a small propor
tion of the population' was able to
crowd into the adjoining streets.
While the procession was being
formed the church was filled with the
foreign Princes, who arrived without
ostentation in closed carriages and
were conducted to the front pews. Out
side the church a company of distin
guished generals and staff officers was
aligned. A detachment of cavalry led
the procession, followed by a single
horseman, a court officer, attired in a
Spanish costume. Then came carriages
drawn by six horses covered with fu
neral trappings, escorted- by footmen.
They contained the court dignitaries
and ladies in waiting.
A train of servants followed, walking
two abreast, and then came the most
imposing feature of the procession.
Several companies of the foot guards,
and a squadron of the horse guards,
followed by a detachment of yeomen,
all gloriously uniformed, preceding the
colossal funeral car. On each si<le were
four footmen and four pages with light
ed tapers, but the immediate escort of
the car was composed of six stalwart
gentlemen of the Archers' Guard, eight
yeomen, six Hungarian life guards and
eight mounted life guards. Following
the car were several bodies of infantry
and cavalry.
A large number of priests in full
canonicals met the procession at the
Augustine's Church and proceeded
with it to the Church of the Capuchins.
The clergy there marched down the
aisle before the coffin and unite* in in
toning prayers, which were also ex
quisitely chanted during the service by
the court choir. During the last prayer
the coffin was lifted from the catafalque
and the clergy, bearing torches, walked
before it. Emperor Francis Joseph, at
tended by the highest officer;? of state
bearing wands, followed. This proces
sion slowly passed from the sight of the
congregation down a stone stairway to
the vaults.
After the last benediction had been
pronounced in the vaults, the mourn
ers reascended and the high chamber
lain handed the key of the vault to the
Capuchin who Is the guardian of the
imperial mausoleum.
SOLEMN SERVICES
HELD AT WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON Sept. 17.— An impos
ing funeral mass, commemorate of
the Empress Elizabeth of Austria, was
celebrated at St. Matthews' Catholic
Church to-day, Cardinal Gibbons being
the celebrant. The ceremony was of
ficial in character, under the auspices
of the Au-trian Minister, and among
those in attendance were President Mc-
Kinley and the members of his Cabi
net; the Em-assadors and Ministers of
foreign countries in their brilliant dip
lomatic iniforms; representatives of
the United States army, nay - and Su
preme Court, and a large gathering
from private life. The Austrian Min
ister Mr. yon Hengelmuller, was at
tended by all the members of his staff,
the military attache, Baron yon Ridel,
in the uniform of the Austrian Imperial
Guard, and Captain Rodler, naval at
tache, in the uniform of the Austrian
navy, acting as ushers.
In his sermon the Cardinal said a
grievous crime had shocked the civil
ized world; the hand of an assassin had
struck down p . inoffending lady, the
conso-t of an Emperor of vast and his
toric regions. The crime had occurred,
not when the Empress was seated on
her throne amid pomp and majesty
which mlffh* 1. .v excited the passions
of some fanatic, but whi!e she was
peacefully walking the street.
"The man that strikes at the ruler of
a nation is an enemy of social order,"
declared the Cardinal. "Public peace
and tranquilly depend upon the exe
cution of the law : on the ruler or ex
ecutive ' f a nation dependo the execu
tion of law .-nd the maintenance of
stable government. It behooves us,
therefor . to v hold the heal cf the na
tion, whose person, as a ruler, is sa
cred."
The Cardinal paid a touching tribute
to tLe beauty of character of the Em
press and asked that prayers be giver;
not only for the repose of her soul, but
also for the solace of the stricken Em
peror. _____________
TIES UP SEVERAL MILLIONS.
Many Institutions Restrained From
Using Secret Trust Funds.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— Judge Lacombe
has signed an order restraining the trus
tees of Amherst, Bowdoln. Dartmoutn,
Hamilton, Williams, Adelbert, Park,
Lafayette, Marysville, Marietta, Wabash,
Yale and Columbia colleges, the Univer
sity of Rochester, Union Theological
Seminary, the University of Virginia,
Hampton Normal and Agricultural in
stitution and the Wesleyan University
from disposing of any money paid to them
from the "alleged secret trust in or con
cerning the residuary estate of Daniel B.
Fayerweathor" until the final hearing of
the suit brought against them and the
executors of the will by Emma S. Fay
erweather and Mary "W. Achler.
The order was presented by William
Blalkie and Roger Sherman, complain
ants' solicitors in the United States Cir
cuit Court. The colleges are to receive
jll'o.ooo each from the estate. The action
is brought to obtain possession of one
half of the estate of $6,000,000. Judge La
combe's order ties up $2,995,000.
TWO PRISONERS BURNED.
Fearful Fate of Inmates of a Con-
necticut Prison.
STAFFORD SPRINGS, Conn., Sept. !
17. — Two prisoners confined for the night j
in the town lockup— Ernst Branford, aged ■
27 years, and John Marsh, aged 40— met j
their death to-day in a fire which origin
ated in the cell occupied by Marsh. Bran
ford evidently died from suffocation,
probably while aslerp. Marsh's body was
literally baked. The two had been ar
rested for drunkenness.
San Jose After the State Grange.
SAN JOSE, Sspt. 17.— At a meeting of
San Jose Grange to-day a resolution
was adopted inviting the State Grange to
meet here next year. The State organi
zation convenes in Oakland October 4,
and San Jose Grange will make a fight
there to secure the meeting here next
year.
FROM HANKOW
TO HONGKONG
Proposed New Railroad
in China.
AMERICAN SYNDICATE'S WORK
RICH MEN WHO ARE INTER
ESTED IN THE ENTERPRISE.
It Is Believed That the Cost of the
Line as Sow Planned Will Be
From Twenty to Forty
Million Dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— Regarding the
proposed new railroad to be constructed
by an American syndicate from Han
kow to Hongkong, China, a distance of
900 miles, ex-Senator Calvin S. Brice
said to a reporter:
"The American syndicate believes
that it. has fair data for estimating
pretty closely the cost of the work. It
has now on hand on the property a part
of its engineering forces and is sending
as rapidly as it can be equipped a
corps of engineers and other officials
who will make tl.e survey, beginning
at Hankow and extending to the city
of Canton, and thence to Hongkong,
and also begii.ing at the southern end
and coming north, making an inde
pendent line for the purpose of secur
ing as good location and grades and
as favorable a construction as is pos
sible. That work, it is estimated, will
consume six months, and will probably
furnish us a. basis for making further
calls upon the syndicate.
"The character of the syndicate may
best be shown by a glance at the list
of names. There are In it seven repre
sentatives of the Vanderbilt interests,
and three of the Standard Oil Com
pany, John D. Rockefeller, William
Rockefeller ai " the president of one
of the largest bai.ks, also presidents of
several of our large trust companies,
Levi Pt Morton, George T. Bliss and
the officials of the Carnegie Steel Com
pany, me new federal company will
probably also take an interest in the
syndicate. Tlk contract of the syndi
cate is absolute and subject to no slips
or casualties, as the whole groundwork
has been done ai.d money to a large
amount expended and will be expended.
As fast as more money is needed it will
be paid in.
"The cost of the road is estimated at
a minimum of £4,000, 000 and a maximum
of £8,000,000, or from about $20,000,000
to $40 000,000. Our best opinion is that
it will cost between $30,000,000 and $10,
000,000, according to the standard
adopted and the, amount of extra ex
penditures required. The syndicate
will undoubtedly control the road for
a period of four or five years, during
which it is subject to negotiations
which may change its character. The
provinces through which the road will
pass are the most populous in China,
having a population of 300,000,000. Two
of the provinces through which it
passes have a population greater than
that of the United States."
In addition to the information given
by Mr. Brice it may be mentioned that
the American railway will, by having
its northern terminal at Hankow, cre
ate a direct line from Peking to Hong
kong by means of a new road which is
to be built by Belgian-French capital,
and concerning which much has been
said in connection with the recent
Anglo-Russian troubles in China. It
will be remembered that the ctiarge was
made that Russia was furnishing all the
money for the road and was using the
Belgians simply as a figure-head. The
road runs through what is called the
English sphere of influence. It was
also hinted yesterday by those in close
touch with the affairs of the American
syndicate that it was not improbable
that the latter might own the proposed
road from Tien Tsin to Hankow in the
end.
Cadwallader to Be Turned Over.
STOCKTON, Sept. 17.— Governor Budd
this afternoon granted the extradition of
Charts Cadwallader, the defaulting cash
ier of the Citizens' Bank of Winchester
Ind. The papers will not he delivered ttjto
the Indiana Sheriff until Monday, that tlnTr
attorney of the accused man may have an
opportunity of presenting a petition for a
writ of habeas corpus.
BTTTTE BUILDII7G COLLAPSES.
Number of Persons Injured, but No
One Is Killed.
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 17.— The York
block, a three-story brick structure on
West Park street, collapsed about 10:
this morning, carrying down sixteen peo
ple and burying some of them, but so
far as can be learned, killing no one,
though many profess a search of the
debris will ; reveal the presence of some
bodies. The building was used for stores
on the lower floor and lodging rooms
above The lower floor was being re
modeled to be used as a dry goods store.
The Fire Department and citizens went
to work on the wreck at once. Of the
fourteen workmen. F. C. Jaeger, William
Barker. James Myers. Samuel Corkell,
John Zellner. Henry Shadinger. F. S.
Woodcock and John Foote were injured
their hurts consisting principally of
bF^ eS Annie Ut3 McCaughey who had
charge of the third floor lodging, was.
on the second floor at the time Her
shoulder blade was broken and she was
badly bruised by a beam.
It will be several days before the wreck
can be cleared away. The people in
charge of the house say all in there are
accounted for. but it is believed that the
search will reveal some bodies.
BUSINESS MEN AID MINERS.
Several Indicted for Refusing to
S^rve as Deputies.
PANA, 111.. Sept. 17.-The Grand Jury
made its returns to-day in regard to the
recent lockout of union miners. Fne fol
lowing business men were indicted for
refusing to act as deputies: C. H. Moor?,
J K. Schaefer, C. O. Pad.ier (two counts),
Philip Veiling, S. W. Conant, A. C. Che
ney and Thomas Fink. Thirty-six min
ers, including officers of the union, were
indicted for participating in the not.
Among the miners indicted for intimi
dating other laborers were John Mitchel ,
national vice president; John Russell,
State vice president, and Thomas Had
dow, member of the State Labor Bu
reau. , ,
Many of the miners have been placed
in jail, but business men will sign their
bonds and secure their liberty. w. V.
Ryan. State secretary, arrived this morn
ing and says the cases against tlie min
ers will be fought to the bitter end.
EVAN P. HOWELL ACCEPTS.
Willing to Serve on the Army In
vestigating Commission.
WASHINGTON, Sept. IT.— Mr. Evan P.
Howell of Atlanta, Ga., who was asked
by the President to serve on the commis
sion to investigate certain departments
of the army in connection with the war,
was at the White House to-day, and for
mally accepted the appointment.
Aftor a half-hour's conference with the
President to-day General Schofield an
n.ounced that he would not serve as a
member of the commission to investigate
the conduct of the war.
PUT POISON IN THE COFFEE.
Confession of a Cook Who Attempted
to Kill Korea's Emperor.
SEOUL, Korea, Sept. 17.— The Emperor
is recovering from the attempt to poi
son him, but the Crown Prince is still
ill. An inferior cook at the palace has
confessed that he put poison in the cof
fee served the Emperor and Prince.
Army Orders and Pensions.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17.— Army orders:
By direction of the Secretary of War
Captain Isaac P. Ware, assistant surgeim
United States army, is relieved from fur
ther duty at Benicia Barracks, California,
and assigned to duty at the Presidio of
San Francisco. By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of a\Vr Private Herbert
Thompson of the Hospital Corps now at
San Dieg-o Barracks is detailed as acting
hospital steward and assigned to duty at
that post.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Original— James Gould. Los
Gatos. $8. Original widows, etc—Magda
lena Meyer, Burbank, $8. Mexican War
survivors. increase — Harmon Francis
Cooper, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $3
to $12.
Arizona's Inharmonious Democracy.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Sept. 17.— The Demo
cratic Territorial Convention conduced
its labors this morning after another
stormy session. Six ballots were taken,
three "of them ties between J. F. Wilson
of Prescott and E. E. EUinwood of Flag
staff. The Inst ballot, by a change of
one vote, resulted in the nomination of
Wilson of Prescott for delegate to Con
gress.
Rev. Dr. Apple Dead.
LANCASTER, Pa., Sept. 17.— Rev.
Thomas Apple, D.D., LL.D., one of the
most eminent theologians in the Re
formed Church In America, died to-day
from acute kidney trouble.KILT KILLED
THE TALENT
When He Won at Odds
of 80 to 1.
MANASSAS ALSO A CRUSHER
ALGOL ALL THE WAY IN THE
ORIENTAL HANDICAP.
Happenings on the Hawthorne and
Newport Tracks — Borden, a
California Colt, Wins
at Corrigan's.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.— There was a
notable day's racing at Gravesend, Kilt,
an 60 to 1 shot, winning the first race and
Id assaa (as good as 30 to 1) the second
event on the card. Manuel, with Califor
nlan Spencer up, took the third at the
comfortable odds of 5 to 1, and then
Algol, 4 to 1, with top weight,— l 26 pounds
-won all the way in the Oriental handi
cap, run in 2:07%. Satin Slipper, favorite,
made every post a winning one in the
fifth, in which there were sixteen start
ers, and Tantris, 4 to 1, beat a good field
of jumpers in the last. His margin over
old Manchester, a Californian, was but a
head.
First race, high weight handicap, six fur
longs:
Kilt. S7 (Corbley) 1
BlarneyMone, 114 (Ciawson) 2
Charentus, 115 (Taral).t 3
Time, 1:15. Won easily by a length.
Fleeting Gold 104, Imperator 123. Queen of
Beauty 104, Sensational 116. Buffoon 117, Right
of Way 109, •Armament 114, Atlantus 113 and
Saratoga 112 also ran. Lord Zeni 122, left at
the post.
Sausalito odds— to 1. 4to 1. and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jocke--s. j V*- *&• %. Str. Fin.
Manassas. 101 James 0 3 2 2 j3l : v ;
Merry Prince. lOC.. Burns 0 0 0 0 2
•Simon W, 106. ...Turner 1 lh lh lh 3 '
Mi list ream. 101.. Clawson 0 0 3 3 0
Hats Off. 106 Dupee 0 2 0 0 0
Lady Disdain, 106... Jones 3 0 0 0-0
Merlin, 97 Connor 2 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:47%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Marlto 89, Decanter 102 and Black Dude 97
also ran.
Sausalito odds — to 1, 2H to 1 and 6 to 5.
•Favorite. t*-' ',
Third race. Prospect stake, two-year-olds,
Blx furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | %. %. Str. Fin.
Manuel, 102 Spencer 0 0 3 13
Autumn, 112 Maher 2 Ins 11 2
Rhir.elander, 104 Clawson 112 2n. 3
D. Middleburg. 112..Llttlefleld • 3 .3 0 0
Time, 1:15. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Black Venus 112, Hilee 104, Dr. Elchberg 112.
Ways and Means 112. »\V. Overt. 112. Mr.
Clay 104 and Frohsinn 104 also ran.
Sausalito odds— to 1, C to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, Oriental handicap, one End a
quarter miles.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.] %,. %• %'• lm. Fin.
Algol, 126 T. Burns 1 1111112
Dr. Catlett, 114 Taral 2 0 3 0 2
Whistling Con, 100. Moody 0 0 0 3 3
•Buela 94 O'Connor 0 2 2 0 0_ i
Sir" 'Walter, m. . . .Maheri 0 0 0 Z 0""^
Th«? Friar, U3..Uttlefield 3 0 0 0 0
Twinkler, 36. Clawson| 0 3 0 0 0
Time, 2:O7Vj. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— 4 to 1, 5 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, two-year-olds, five fur
/bngs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. j %.' %. Str. Fin.
•Satin Slipper. 33.. .. T. Bur:..-, 1 1 1113
Roysterer, 104 Clawson 3 3 3 2
Easter Card, 107.... Hirsch 2 2 0 3
Claptrap. 99 O'Connor 0 0 2 0
Time, 1:02. Won easily. Second and third
driving. • ■
Federal 108, Miss Smith 104, Country .Dance
IC2, Tender 102, Spurs 97. Tut Tut 102, Duke of
Baden 102, Chemisette 59, Rose May 99, Anltra
99, Mrs. Jimmy 95 and Ben Viking 110 also ran.
Sausalito odds — S to 5, 6 to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite. \
Sixth race, selling, hurdle, one and a half
miles.
Tantris. 146 (Barry) 1
Manchester. 150 (Finnlean) 2
Governor Hull!. 147 (Hogan) v.vS
Time, 2:sl*i. Won driving by a head.
•Frontiersman 132. Marshall 153.' Bergen 150,
Duke of Durham 144 and The Widower 132 also
ran. Baby Bill 160, fell.
Sausalito odds — 4 to 1, 10 to 1 and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
BEITTON'S DAY AT NEWPORT.
Puts Three Winners Over the Fin
ishing Line.
CINCINNATI, Sept.- 17.— Britton was in rare
form to-day at the Newport track, riding Fan
tasy, Donation and Provolo ,to victory. .." On
Donation a "killing" was made, he being:
played from fA to 1 to 9 to 5 to win the third
race, which he did very easily by three lengths.
Ma Angelina, Fantasy and Donation were the
winning favorites, then Fireside won at long
odds, Provolo at a comfortable price and
Odallche at pleasing figures. The ■ track was
still fast. _ _
First race, selling, one mile..
Name and Wt. Jockeys, j *. Vfc. %. Str. Fin.
•Ma Ang'ne, 10O.Mathews| 0 12121112
M<?n»ary, l*>u. .Shakelford; 2 0 0 0 2 h
Loyalty 104 Sweaters! 0 0 0 0 3
v'n 112. Van imsen 3 3 3 2 0
Vrrif A».b. 107....Hinkey 0 2 2 3 0
BIU Powell, KM. ..Hughes 110 0 0 0
Time. 1:42%. Won easily. Second and third
F M!tt Boyken 104, Flop 105 and Domsie 108
also ran.
BaUMllto odds— 6 to 5, 10 to 1 and 5 to 1.
•F'avorile.
Second race, purse, five furlongs.
•Fantasy. 106 (Britten) 1
G«orgie, ii- ? (Ouiterres) I
H. 100 (Gleason) 3
Malaise 100, Rube) U6, The Crawfish 105 and
i ij 112 also ran.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, one and a quarter miles.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | %■ Vt. %■ lm. Fin.
•Donation. 104 Hritton 3I 3 3.3 IS
Kathlo May, 102..Gleason 2 2 2 2 2
Bams, 94 Shakelford 0 0 0 0 .3
K. Choice. 103. Van r)usen | 1 ; - iv ■: 1% "11 0
GRAPE-NTJTS.
CRISP FOOD.
Or Hot Mush, A Question.
The president of the American Fine
Art Company of Milwaukee, a German,
commenting on the likes of his coun-
trymen in food, states that many do
not care for mush or soft cereal food
for breakfast. He says the crisp char-
acter and delicate sweet of Orape-Nuts
have charmed him so that he and hla
family use them regularly.
No cooking is required and if one
wants a hot mush, it can be instantly
prepared by pouring hot milk on
Grape-Nuts.
No form of nourishment known is
like Orape-Nuts and the quick feeling
of being "well fed" is one of the pleas-
ures in their use.
Grocers sell them and they are made
by the Postum Co., at Battle Creek,
Mich.
Time, 2:09. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Rida 90, Marltl fl2, Chiquita II 93, Jessie S
96, Possum 97, Jack Bradley 100, Weenatchle
100, Jack Hayes 100 and Joe Shelby 101 also
ran.
Sausallto odds— 2^ to 1, 5 to 1 and 30 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. )£. \. Str. Fin.
Fireside, 109...: Frost 2 2 2 12
Braw Lad, 109 MathewH 0 3 3 2
D. Comedian, 100.. Van Dusen 1 111 3
High Noon, 109 Southard 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:13%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
•Three Bars 109, Guide Rock 96, Miss Ross
97 arul Samorar 100 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1, 2>t to 1 and 2V4 to 1.
•Ftvorlte.
Fifth race, selllnpr, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. l hi- %• %. Str. Fin.
Provolo. 10S Brlttonl 0 0 0 3 lh
H. Gardner, lO'.Narvaez] 14 14 13 11 2
Cecil. 107 Southard]' 0 0 0 0 3
Libation, 100 Gleasonl 2 2 2 0 0
Virgle O, 97 Thompson | 3 3 3 2 0
Time, 1:41%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
•Pancharm 10S, Rotha 97, Lord Frazier 97,
Lord Neville 103 and Can Gallop 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 20 to 1 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, purse, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | %. %. Str. Fin.
Odaliche, 96 Wilson! 11 11 11 1
•Nora S, 96 Frost 2 2 0 2
Kowalsky, 110 Southard] 3 3 3 3
Celia B. 96 Duganl 0 0 2 0
Time, UISM. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Fast Asleep !><3, Aureate 96, Senator Quay 97,
Bootzie 97. Minnie Weldon 97, Dawn 97, Stella
H 87, Forbearance 100 and Cochina 100 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 1, 2 to 1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
SURPRISES AT HAWTHORNE,
Ruskin, Winslow and Troil Were the
Chief Upsets.
CHICAGO. Sept. 17.— The talent fell hard
when Ruskin, Winslow and Troll got home in
front to-day at Hawthorne. But one decided
favorite (Hush) won In seven races run off.
Borden, winner of tha last event, is- a Cali
fornia bred colt by the dead king, Morello.
McNlckle and H. Martin, of the Qolden State,
piloted wUners over the track, which was still
very heavy. Montgomery's defeat by Ruskin
was a crushing blow.
First race, selling;, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
Mary Kinsella, lOL.Shepard 0 3 3 13
! Alvln W, 110 Beauehamp 0 0 0 2
Pitfall, 107 AY. Zeno 0 0 0 3
Presently, 101 Lilly 3 110
Majesta, 107 J. Hill 0 2 2 0
King Dance. 107...HothersaIl| 10 0 0
Why, 107 Blossj 2 0 0 0
Time, l:2Ufe. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Lucky Monday 104. Crowley 105, Henry of
Frantsmar 100 and Sobriquet 107 also ran.
otTds— 4 to I, 2\*, to 1 and 6 to 1.
♦Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I %. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Rush. 105 J. Hllli 2 2 2 12 13
Jolly Roger, 103....81055! 0 0 0 0 2
Formero, 103 Ellis 0 0 0 0 3
L. Pillot, 103.. Beauehamp 1212112 0
Be True, 108.... H. Martini 3 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:33 V- Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Leandra 100, Chancery 103 and Harry Nutter
108 also ran.
Sausalito odds — 6 to 5, * to 1 and 2 to 1.
♦Favorite.
Third race, Monadnock stakes, one and an
eighth miles.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | \. & %. lm. Fin.
Imp 114 McNlckle 11 11 11 13 1
Hugh Penny, 114.. Martin 2 2 2 2 2
Time, 2:OlV*. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odds— Even money and even money.
Fourth race, selling, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | >4. H- v -. Str. Fin.
Winslow. 103. . H. Martini 0 0 2 1H H
D. Dummy. 10?. ..Clerico 0 0 0 0 2
•G. Band. 103. Beauehamp I 3 2 0 3 8
Del Paso 11. 106 Ellis| 0 3 In 0 0
Whitcomb. 103.. J. Woods 2 113 2 0
Morte Fonse, 106....8105b| 1 0 0 0 tO
tßroke down.
Time. l:is ! -j. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Pete Kitchen 103 and Judge Steadman 105 also
ran.
Sausalito odds— « to 1, 12 to 1 and 2 to L
•Favorite.
Fifth race, steeplechase, full course.
Troil, 125 <McAulifte) »
La Colena. 123 (Lawless) 2
Proverb. 15S (Eggerson) 3
Time, 4:42. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
•Uncle Jim 145 Rnd Michael O 146 fell.
Sausalito odds — 8 to 1, 6 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.! %■ %■ Str.f'in.
Ruskin. 105 Aker| 3 0 11 lh
•Montgomery, 105.. H. Martin 0 2h 2 2 1
Marzeila, 105.... J. McDonald 2 3 3 3
Silver Set. 107 Beauehamp 1 h 1 1 0 0
Time, 1:18%- Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Miss Lizzie 101, Farley 107. Warren Point 107
and CzarowltK 110 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1, 7 to 10 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Seventh race, selling, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I Vt. %. Str. Fin.
•Borden, 108 Cay wood \% 11 11 12
Loyaletta, 107 J. Woods 0 22 22 2
•Sangamon. 110 J. Hill 2 3 3 3
Astor, 101 Ellisl 8 0 0 0
Time. 1:18%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Red Gid 101, Branch 101, Nivoce 104, Mus
kadine 104, La Princessa 107 and Con Regan
110 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1, 12 to 1 and 2 to 1.
•Favorite.
DELL JORDAN DIES
AT BUTTE, MONT.
The Well-Known Horseman Suc
cumbs to a Bullet Wound In-
flicted by a Woman.
BUTTE, Mont.. Sept. 17.— Dell J. Jor
dan, one of the best known horsemen,
trainers and Btarters In the West, died
In the hospital to-day from the effects of
a wound received on September 6. Jor
dan came here from California to attend
the Butte and Anaconda meetings. At
the close of the Anaconda meeting- he
came to Butte on his way to St. Louis,
where he had accepted a $W,OOO position
as trainer. He went to the Fountain
Road House, and while there became In
volved In a dispute with a woman,
"Rosy" Lavetre, the barkeeper, who shot
three times at Jordan. One shot entered
his groin. Blood poisoning set in and
death resulted. The woman Is under ar-
NEEDED PROPER EFFORT.
All That Was Necessary to Secure
Supplier for Sick Soldiers.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.-Major Hysell,
chief surgeon of the second division,
first army corps, now at Camp Poland,
Knoxvllle, in a private letter to the sur
geon general of the army dated Seprem
ber 14 says:
"I will say that my opportunity to
know the working of the medical depart
ment while at Camp Thomas was per
haps as good, if not much better, than
that of almost any other medical officer
on duty there, ana I will say that at no
time during my stay in the park was
there any difficulty in procuring all the
necessary medical and hospital supplies
If the proper effort was made."
It is stated that Major Hysell was a
surgeon in an Ohio regiment during the
Civil War, and is a man of wide expe
rience in army medical affairs.
RUMORS OF A BIG DEAL.
Walker Manufacturing Company
Said to Have Been Absorbed.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 17.— A private tele
gram received here to-day from New
York states that the Walker Manufactur
ing Company of this city, one of the
largest manufacturing concerns in the
country, has been absorbed by the West-
Inghouse Company. Should this prove to
be correct it would leave only the West
inghouse Company and the General Elec
tric Company In the field. It was stated
at the local office of the Walker Company
here this afternoon that all of the lead
ing officials of the compan" have been in
New York since Monday.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
r without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
STATE FAIR RACE
MEETING CLOSED
Three Well-Backed Fa
vorites Win Purses.
MONTANA HORSES ARE FLEET
GRADY, WILLIAM OB AND TOM
SMITH VICTORIOUS.
Now the Two Weeks' Meeting of the
California Jockey Club Begins,
With Every Prospect
of Success.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 17.— The very
successful race meeting of the Califor
nia State Fair drew to a close to-day
with a large crowd in attendance,
which fumed and steamed and swelter
ed in the oppressive heat, but withal
were goodnatured and contented with
everything but the disgusting prices
laid by the short-horn bunko men doing
business in the ring under the guise of
bookmakers. The machinations of this
clique have proved a dampener to the
sport from the outset, and the methods
adopted by them would indicate that
they were ordained by nature to sell
red lemonade to the poor Indians or
deal "brace faro."
Three well-backed favorites snatch
ed purses, and three heavily played
ones let the crowd down with a thud.
The horses lately returned from Mon
tana demonstrated that the ozone from
that section of the country is beneficial
to the racer. This was noticeably the
case with Grady, William OB and
Tom Smith, all handy winners.
The feature of the card was the Fa
vorite stake, a handicap over one and
a quarter miles, which was captured by
Grady, with "Jody" Piggott in the sad
dle. There were but four starters, and
the odds against the Three Cheers horse
were hammered down from 3 to 2 to
even.
Of the ot^jer starters Cromwell and
Marplot were most in demand. It
proved something of a cakewalk for the
favorite. Headed at one stage of the
journey by Marplot, with Hal Brown
up, Piggott assumed the lead again
with his mount in the Btretch and won
galloping in 2:08%. Marplot took the
place without difficulty from Wheel of
Fortune.
The scarcity of starters was notice
able in the opening event for two
year-olds, but four facing the barrier.
Napian, will* young Houck in the sad
dle, ruling »i strong second choice, made
all the running and driving hard at the
end beat the favorite, Nilgar, out half
a length. Favereham was a close third.
Another quartette galloped to the
post in the six and a half furlong
sprint, decided under selling condi
tions. Backed off the boards, Locn
ness was pounds the best of a bad lot,
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 17, 1898.— Twelfth day of the State Fair
races. Weather fine; track fast.
A. B. SPRECKELS. Presiding Judge. R. J. HAVET, Starter.
OO SIXTH RACE (of Friday,
i; free handicap; purse, $250.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
4m.
»im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(22) Shasta Water, 4....108! 3
19 Libertine, a 112j 2
22 Polish. 4 99| 1
3
1 2
■1 h
2
1 2
3
2 2
1 1
3
1 h
2 2
8
1 h
2 6
3
y':!!!^i
3-5
6-5
4
Time, :254. :50, 1:154.
Waterhouse's b. m. by im
Shasta Water was the
1:42. Good start. Won first two driving.
p. Maxim-Tyranny.
best. Polish had speed the first part.
Winner,
Q A SEVENTH RACE (of Friday, September 16)— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olda
Ot"« and upward; purse, $200.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
"Mm.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
120) Sport McAllister, 6.120 3 ... 13 124 12 12 # Plggott 1 1.3
20 Major Cook, 6 93 4 ... 2 1 2 4 2 6 210 Houck 4-5 5-2
26 Oak Leaf, 4 108 1 ... 3 6 310 312 320 Wilson 3 w
82 Pat murphy, 6 . .105] 2 .^. 4^ 4^ 4 4 |Bozcman 5 10
(.20) Sport McAllister, 6.
20 Major Cook, 6
26 Oak Leaf. 4 :
a 2 Pat murphy, 6 :
3
4
1
2
1 3
2 1
3 6
4
1 24
24
3 10
4
1 2
2 6
3 12
4
1 2
2 10
3 20
4
i-'iKKOH
Houck ......;.
Wilson
[Bozcman
Time. :254. :504, 1:1S4. Good start. Won pulling up. Second and third driving. Win-
ner, Al Smith's eh. g. by imp. Friar Tuck-Twilight.
Major Cook, Oak Leaf and Pat Murphy ran three-quarters to a false break in 1:15 flat.
Major Cook winning easily. Spori McAllister stayed at the post. After the false break
the others were dead.
OK FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $200.
%m.
%m. Etr.
Jockeys.
Index. Horse.
27 Naplan 96
27 Nllgar 108
23 Faversham 104
30 Gilt Edge 101
1
2
4
3
1 2
2 1
3 1
4
1 1 ,
■2 1%
3 1
4
1 1
2 2
3 6
4
1%
2 %
3 8
4
«ouck
Piggott
1
1
5
15
1
4-5
20
Bozeman
Bullman
Time, :25, :CO, 1:17. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, Burns & Water-
house's b. g. by Imp. Midlothian-Napa.
Naplan swerved all over the stretch, interfering with Nllgar. He was off the best.
Q£» SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
00l purse, $250.
selling;
three-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
>4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
32 Lochneas, x 4 103 2 32 22 224 lh 124 Frawley 8-5 7-10
21 Manzanillo, 4 105 3 21 33 36 33 24 Wilson 8-5 3
21 Ringmaster, 4 103 4 4 4 4 4 3 1 Hobart 8 12
12 VenTs, a 100| 1 12 13 12 214 4 Houck 8-5 9-5
Time, :74. :30Vi, :u6. 1:22%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win-
ner, Farrer & Tubprvllle's eh. h. by Inverness-Butterfly.
Lochness outclassed his field. Venls had plenty of speed, but stopped very badly In
the stretch. Manzanillo not much account.
2
3
4
1
3 2
2 1
4
1 2
2 2
3 3
4
13
2 24
3 6
. 4
1 2
1 h
3 3
4
2 14
1 24
2 4
3 1
4
V ......I
qy THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $200.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
'ira.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
... Prompto |
2S Roue Maid :
... Miss Dividend
2S Roulette Wheel '.
... Magnus
21 Tenrica 1
25 St. Philip
26 Stole
3
2
5
1
4
7
6
• :-'
2 1
6 3
1 14
3 4
6 3
7
4 1
2 4
3 4
1 2
4 2
7
6 1
G 3
2 h
3 1
1 1
4 2
5 1
6 2
7
1 n
2 2
3 2
4 4
5 1
61
• 7
Houck
Glenn
Farrell
Jiozeman
Enos
Holmes ;;.....
Llvermore ....
Ryan
3 6-5
2 I
5 4
5-2 3
3 4
20 25
6 10
15 23
•Pulled up.
Time, :24H. :494, 1:16. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, H. L. Jones &
Co.'s b. c. by Racine-Rosebud.
Rose Mfilfl should have won. She was cut off on back stretch. Miss Dividend had the
speed of the bunch, but stopped badly in the stretch.
OO FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; three-year-olds and upward- handicao-
O9i The Favorite Stake; value, $450. v '
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m. Hm.;
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
24 Gi-ady, 5
31 Marplot, 3
19 Wheel of Fortune, 6.
24 Croinwell,_3
3
1
2
4
1 4
4
3 1
2 n
1 4
3 2
2 h
4
224 22%
V 1V 1 lVi ' 1 h
;3; 3 1 3 1 j
■■a ■"■ ■'*■*--:
1 1
2 2
3 4
12%
2 lr,
3 3
4
m;..;.
1
2
4
8-5
j
Time, :264, :53, 1:17, 1:43, 2:08%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Winner, Crane & Owens' b. h. by Three Cheers-Gold Cup. " •'
Marplot pocketed first quarter. Qrady won cleverly at end.
OQ FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
upward; purse, $200.
:-
_-_j___y__ZL :^a
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight.] St. Mm. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. On cV
' Mm.
%m.
\m. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
„-_.-. . _-„—---„ 1.:,— ;...-- . .■ — —---■■. - ■ I ,---«v /D .;,. yV. -,V,|,;y-
■
32 :
26
20 :
... William 08, 6 108 2 ... 2 1 2 2 2 2 13 Frawley 3 ,
32 Roadwarmer, 5 10111 ... 12 11 1 4 2h Holmes... i i-
26 Durango. a 105 4 ... 4 4 4 8 3 Hobart 10 is
20 Lady Britannic, 4.. US 3 ... 3 2 3J 8 1 4 Evans 6-5 l
Time, :25, :M), 1:154- Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving Winner
Farrer & Tuberville f s b. h. by Apache-Flora.
William OB much the bent. Roadwarmer had speed, but stopped badly In the last six-
teenth. Lady Britannic outrun from the start. Durango closed strong.
08, 6 1
mer, 5 1
a ]
ltannlc, 4..
2
1
4
3
21 2 2
12 11
4 4
32 3 3
2 2
1 X
8 1
1 3
2 !.
3 3
4
y
Af\ SIXTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward-
TrUt purse, $250. '
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
Mm:; ' %m./
Str.
Pin.
Joakeys.
... Tom Smith. 4 1)
... Don Luis, 3 V
21 Ko Ko, 5 H
... Hunt Milan, a 1'
21 Adam Andrew, 4...1
1
I
S
4
2
■: 16;
i; 3 2 >'
"-•.": 4 h
I*
■ : .:ii t ».,■:■
X- 1 4
2 h ;
4 1
3 H
6
1 4
3 h
4 1
3 h
6
18 1 G
41 2 4
24 3 2
5 4 2
S h 5
1
an
5
1
6-5
.8
3
Time, :20^, :45W. i:ii. 1:38. Fair Btart. Won handily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, Mrs. A. L.tnneF'B blk. g. by Clarendon-Sparrow Grass.
Tom Smith sot a lead of four lengths at the start. J£o Ko had no qpeed.
and overtaking Venis in the stretch,
won with Frawley easing up. Gus Wil
son got up the last part with Manza
nllla, taking the place from Ring
master.
Th ; ring was plastered with Prompto
coin to win the six-furlong spin follow
ing, the colt's odds being forced down
from 3 to 1 to 6 to 5. Miss Dividend
came near making a runaway race of
it, but found it a sixteenth too far.
Houck came with a rush on Prompto
and in a bruising finish got the verdict
from Rose Maid by a neck.
The Roadwarmer folks thought the
gelding good enough with the field
pitted against him in the fifth event
and he received extensive backing
at even money an shorter. Lead
ing into the str .eh he was collared and
beaten with extreme ease by William
08, against which 3 to 1 was laid.
Durango, away poorly, came fast, se
curing the show.
The last affair on the card, a cheap
sellin- dash, was annexed by Tom
Smith, which horse was overlooked by
the knowing ones. Don Luis, the 7-to
10 favorite, was out-footed from the
jump, finishing a distant second, with
Ko Ko, the second choice, in the show.
The two weeks' meeting of the Cali
fornia Jockey Club will begin on Mon
day with every prospect of success.
Mike Kelly, the well-known and pop
ular young trainer, has entered the
employ of Burns & Waterhouse. He
■will take char" of the firm's string
racing here, while Ben Simons will
get another division ready for the com
ing winter campaign.
Entries for Monday's Events.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 17.— Following
are the entries for Monday's events:
First race, purse, five and a half furlongs:
Chihuahua 106 16 Gold Fin 96
Etta H 112 29 Olinthus 90
Rubicon ..'.' 110 37 Miss Dividend.... 106
(2D)San Mateo U5
Second race, purse, three-quarters of a mile:
.. Ocorona 100, (27)Magdalenas 105
16 Leo Vertner 100! 30 Obsidian i) 8
29 Hemera 1001
Third race, purse, seven furlongs:
.. Go to Bed 114 .. Carbineer 107
. Eroica 107 (19) Osculation 107
38 Marplot 117
Fourth race, selling, mile and seventy yards:
8 Kruna 102 13 Sea Spray 102
17 Ockturuck 92 (21)Stepabout 99
40 Ko Ko 109 .. Fred Gardner 105
Fifth race, selling, three-quarters of a mile:
26 Losette 102 .. Dolore 109
39 Lady Britannic. lo2 .. Red Glenn 107
(£6) Fig Leaf 107 13 Homestake 102
(37)Prompto 99 .. Trappean 107
39 Roadwarmer 102 25 Outgo lU2
24 Moringa 106
WINNING STREAK KEPT
UP BY THE ORIOLES
Wanderers Go Down Before Them.
The Champions Stopped by
the Colonels.
NATIONAL LEAO4JE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ] Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston M 44 .656| Philadelphia 12 61 .504
Baltimore ...SO '6 .6";| PlttFburg ...65 65 .500
Cincinnati .SO 51 .611 Louisville ...57 72 .442
Cleveland ...74 53 .M 3 Brooklyn ....47 72 .3^5
Chicago 72 59 .54:*! Washington 42 87 .326
New JTork...oS 00 .5311 St. Louis 34 H .'tfji
BALTIMORE, Sept. 17.— Baltimore
kept up Its winning streak by defeating
Tebeau's Wanderers this afternoon. The
game was anybody's up to the eighth in
ning, when McCann drove out a home
run when the bases were full. Attend
ance 3600. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Baltimore 9 13 1
Cleveland 4 14 6
Batteries— McJames and Clarke; Young and
Criger. Umpire— Emslle.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— The Giants
found Sudhoff an easy mark and won as
they pleased. The browns were unable
to hit Rusie except in one inning, when a
single, a double and a base hit netted two
runs. Attendance 2000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 8 16 2
St. Louis 2 6 4
Batteries— Rusle and Warner; SudhofE and
Clements. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— Tom Burns'
men outplayed the Senators to-day at
every point. Baker's pitching was fairly
good, but his support was poor. Attend
ance 900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 0 6 7
Chicago 9 12 0
Batteries— Baker, Donohue and McGulre;
Phile and Nichols. Umpires— Brown and An
drews.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— The best that
Pittsburg could do in the double header
to-day was to tie Brooklyn in the second
game. Dunn was too much for the Pi
rates in the first, and narrowly escaped a
shutout. Rhines was hit hard during the
early stages. Bill Clark saved tne second
game for the Pirates by making two
three-baggers with the bases full.
Score first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 6 12 0
Plttsburg 16 0
Batteries — Dunn ancf Ryan; Rhlnes and
Schrlver.
Second game— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 8 11 1
Plttsburg S 13 1
Batteries— Miller and Ryan: Hart and
Schrlver. Umpires— Connolly and Hunt.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 17.— Cincinnati
defeated Philadelpma to-day in a hard
hitting game. The Quakers nearly won
the game in the ninth by a battine streak.
In the sixth Pitcher Dwyer was hit on
the head by a ball from Orth's bat and
was rendered unconscious. He was taken
to a near-by hospital, where it was found
he had a slight concussion of the brain.
He is doing well to-night and probably
will leave the hospital to-morrow. At
tendance 4400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati \0- 18 4
Philadelphia 9 13 6
Batteries — Dwyer and Hawley and Hood;
Piatt. Orth and McFarland. Umpires— Gaffney
and Smith.
BOSTON, Sept. 17.— The Champions
dropped a game to Louisville to-day
through inability to hit Cunningham at
the right time. The visitors also fk-lded»
in the sharpest style. Attendance 3000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 4 9 0
Boston 2 7 1
Batteries— Cunningham ami Kittredge: Nich
ols and Bergen. Umpires — O'Day and McDon
ald.
YALE'S FOOTBALL SCHEDULE.
Where Games Will Be Played During
the Coming Season.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Sept. 17.—Man
ager J. Brown of the Yale Football As
sociation last night gave out the com
plete schedule of games for the coming
season. Eleven games in all will be
played and all but three of them in this
city. As usual, the first game is with
Trinity College, at Hartford, September
24. The other games: October 1, Wes
leyan, in New Haven; October 5, Am
herst, in New Haven: October 8. Wil
liams, in New Haven; October 15, Newton
Athletic Club, In Newton, Mass.; October
19, Brown, in New Haven; October 22,
Carlisle Indians, in New Haven; October
29, West Point in New Haven; Novem
ber 5, Chicago Athletic Club, in New
Haven; ■ November 12, Princeton, in
Princeton, and November 19, Harvard, in
New Haven.
The schedule is quite different from
those of former years, in that the game
with the Indians has not in recent years
been played here, but in New York. It
will also be the first time that Yale has
met Harvard on the latter's home field.
MANILA CIGARS
IN GREAT DEMAND
Men Who Make Them Take Advan-
tage of the Situation and
Threaten to Strike.
MANILA, Sept. 17.— A1l of the cigar
makers here have notified their employ
ers that they will cease work altogether
unless their wages are increased. They
had already refused to work more than
four days each week. The employers on
September 15 agreed to pay the demand
for increase, conditioned on the agree
ment that the employes would work fuil
time, as the demamj for the product was
greatly in excess of the output. The em
ployes, however, refused to accept this
condition, and they will probably go on a
strike.
Results at Great Falls.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Sept. 17.— Results:
First race, five furlongs— Bill Howard won,
I Don't Know second, Wenoma third. Time,
1:01%.
Second race, three furlongs— Clare N won,
Dutch second. Red N third. Time, :35.
Third race, one mile— Scottish Chieftain won.
Tempo second. Ostler Joe third. Time, 1:41.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth, over four
hurdles— Granger won. University second, Rosse
Moore third. Time, 2:05.
Glen Park Indorsed.
At a meeting of the Fairmount and
Glen Park Improvement Club last night
resolutions were adopted favoring the
purchase of Glen Park by the Supervis
ors. The resolutions went on to say that
thousands of dollars are annually spent
for parks on the north side of Mission
street, whereas the Mission District is
neglected. The concluding paragraph of
the resolution says that the members of
the club will oppose any and all Super
visors who may be nominated next No
vember for any office If said Supervisor
does not vote in favor of the purchase of
the Zoo tract.
ADVERTISEMENTS. * ' '
SUCCESSFUL DOCTORS
MUST HAVE SUCCESSFUL : REMEDIES
and successful . methods. This is why bo
many physicians : fall to succeed' In i the prac-
tice of medicine and why THE ENGLISH AND
GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS are known
as ".The ■ Doctors That Cure."
Five Physicians— All Specialists. ~ Estab-
; lished 20 Years. Incorporated Under
"the Laws of California for $250,000. ;;VJ
5 * Catarrh in : its various , forms, consumption 'in
the first, and second stages, all female diseases,
complaints I and •. weaknesses. ' ■ chronic I diseases
generally and deformities ; yield quickly i to \ the
matchless remedies and I successful methods lof
these » skilled ; physicians. -" Thousands of testi-
monials from patlants cured in California. j;'-, s
FREi.. CONSULTATION./ s ij '
: ENGLISH ■ AND ) GERMAN ? SPECIALISTS, j
i 7i 7 31 ':■ Market " St.. ; San J Francisco, Cal.
V • TAKE I Hours, Bto 12, Ito 5, dally.
ELEVATOR 1 Evenings, 7 to 8. Sundays, 9 to It
Ely's Cream Balro§iS&
Cleanses the Nasal H^^ti^S^l
Passages, flllays ; Pain mr -^*JSL'*» JB
ana Inflammation, '■}■'■'< jjWEVEn tft)a */M
Restores the Senses of BCI. i&'&JPj&m
Taste and Sroeii. Mr > -sir iSM
HEfiLS THE SORES. W^T ■' Z^S«
Apply Balm into each nos- P*h ;fl^-rZjSS*W&h
trll. ELY BROS., 66 Warren fi^!s^^^^
Hr^^Dß. HALL'S REINVICORATOR
Five hundred reward for any case
S*W VSR we cannot cure. This secret remedy
' 8 ' ' •-.--" •■- B stops all' louses In ' 24 ? hours,"? cures
Five hundred reward for any case
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
flSl BP« Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele
WfS ■ pmi Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
lam li^Jl Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
MB fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
HsfisnEEl sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5: guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 865 Broadway, ; Oakland. Cal. -'t Also
for t sale at 1 1073% Market = st., S. F. All prl-
, vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
„•.;., ,v : , ADVERTISEMENTS. / r,
The most remarkable sale
in the annals of clothing
history. Men's, Boys' and
Children's Clothing, Hats
and Furnishing Goods, all
seasonable, up-to-date
garments, purchased at
the Sheriff Sale of the
Metropolitan Clothing Co.
of St. Louis, Mo.,
FOR SPOT CASH
4<&fi ON THE DOLLAR
45ft ON THE DOLLAR
SPECIAL f nr Th Wool/ DON 'T ~
VALUES rUI I Illu If UUiV MISS 'EM!
Men's All-Wool Suits—
Selected from our vast assortment of
$10 and $12.50 suits, consisting of
single and double breasted Tweeds,
Cheviot and {!> P* A A
Worsted. Sheriff JhJTY"^
Sale Price...... \f/Cr
Men's All-Wool Overcoats —
In blue, brown and black, : made up
; well, all-wool Italian plaid lining and
silk velvet collars, worth from $10 to
$T2.50 each, go (tit* AA|
at Sheriff Sale JfvJTV V v
Price ./..v, IJJC/
Men's All-Wool Trousers—
In H Tweeds and Cheviots, in neat
plaids, checks and stripes, worth
$2.50 and $3.00 per: /f> A At
pair, go at Sheriff Jki »^tO
Sale Price . . . . . . V -*-
Boys' All-Wool Suits— The
kind that wears, in Cheviots and
Tweeds, made with large reefer
collars and Josie style, well
worth $2.50, all gO.'"£t% : A OK
at Sheriff Sale Jf*l««O
Price...... ..... VAV A
Boys' Reefer Top Coats—
In heavy Cheviot and '■" Nigger-Head,
and they are remarkable values at
$3 50, all go at (pA Q X
Sheriff Sale Price Jkl .v 0
(All Shades.) V *{''*■ v
Extra Specials
Sheriff Sale Prices.
500 pairs Boys' 25c Knee A Cn
Pants .......... lO\j
$1.50 Men's Derby and QQ C n
Soft Hats % ........ t/Ot :
$2.00 Men's • Derby (M I C
and Soft Hats.... $LAO
i 50c \ Golf and Bicycle OCA i
Caps ......... CO\J
15c Boys' Long . Extra ;C A
Strong H05e. ....... O\J
: Store Open Evenings Till 9 O'clock.
.;: Saturday Until 11 O'clock.
I 924 to 930 Market St. I
I Telephone Main 5654. Mail Orders Filled for Goods as Advertised. <
WEEKLY CALLJII ~nW.
Men's All-Wool Suits— ln
Fancy Worsteds, in Clays, Diagonal,
in . Fancy and Plain Cheviots, in sacks
and frocks, not a suit in the lot worth
less than $15 and $18, {X /^ A
all go at Sheriff SK>C«OvJ
Sale Price . . . . . . If/W
j , . . __ . . ii
Men's All-Wool Top Coats —
In Covert Cloth and Meltons, five
different shades, made with strap
seams, great values at $12.50
land $15.00, all go fyn X A
at Sheriff Sale -v J6k--:/> V
Price . . ; ; . . . I|/ I
Men's All-Wool Globe Wor-
sted Trousers— ln neat new de-
signs, fashionable cut and tailored.good
values at $5, all go {ft £* A X
at Sheriff Sale V J.^tO
Price . . . . . . . . . : . ip*U
Boys' Fine All-Wool Suits—
The kind that looks dressy and wears
well, -,in, in Scotches, Worsteds and
Tweeds, same goods you pay $3.00
and $3.50 for, all go fjfo A Qr
at Sheriff Sale }kl •VO
Price...... ..... VAV A
Boys' Reefer Top Coats —
In the Genuine Imported Nigger-
Head, in blue, black, brown and
red, sold all over for VfJ (T^ 'Ctt\"'
$5.00, all go at V V.OO
Sheriff Sale Price t|/^
Extra Specials
Sheriff Sale Prices.
75c Golf and Negligee QfTn
Shirts...... ...... OO(j
$1 Percale Shirts, sepa- £ C
rate collar and cuffs. . \)O\J
$1.50 Fine Dress QC^
5hirt5............ 000
$1.00 Fine Balbriggan ylCn
Underwear . . . . . . .,; xt/v
75c ; Brown . Derby Rib J fTp
Underwear . . . . . . . . TtyU
$1.50 All-Wool Under- OT^ :
wear ..... ..... . . OOu
25c Seamless ; Polka-Dot . <jAp
Hosiery ..;.... . ; ; lyU^
910
PEACE COMMISSION
SAILS FOR PARIS
More Details of Its
Instructions.
LITTLE TROUBLE EXPECTED
THIS COUNTRY TO CONTROL THE
PHILIPPINES.
The United States May Eventually
Take Complete Possession of
the Entire Group oi
Islands.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— The United
States Commissioners to conclude the
terms of peace with Spain sailed to
tlay on board the Cunard line steamer
Campania, en route to Paris.
The commission consists of former
Secretary of State William R. Day,
United States .Senators William P.
Frye, Cushman K. Davis and George
Gray, and Whitelaw Reid. Each com
missioner is accompanied by his wife
or other membt-rs of the family. In
the party. are J. B. Mtrore, secretary
and counsel to the commission; John
R. McArthur, assistant secretary, and
vlfe; Frank Branigan, disbursing clerk,
and Mrs. Branlgan; Miss Atkinson and
Miss McNaughton, stenographers, aud
Edward W. Sawr and Henry Freeman,
confidential messengers.
Prior to going on the steamer Judge
Day said to a reporter:
"We had a conierence with the Cabi
net before leaving Washington, at
least all of us did except Senator Gray.
All understood the wishes of the Cabi
net with reference to the terms of the
treaty, and I believe that there will be
practically no change after our con
ference with the Spanish commission
ers."
"Do you expect much opposition to
the terms from the Spanish commis
sioners?"
"I-think that the American terms will
be regarded as reasonable, and, there
fore, I believe the work of the com
missioners will not be impeded by us
less discussion."
Senator Frye would say nothing as
to the intentions of the commissioners.
As to the commission going to Paris
with set duties and irrefragible condi
tions to be placed before the Spanish
commissioners, the Senator said that
schoolboys might Just as well bo sent
if such were to be the case. He de
clared that nobody could tell whut new
conditions might arise which would
have to be met, discussed and decided
wholly by the commission.
Senator Gray had no idea of the time
It would take to complete the work of
the meeting. He said that Spanish
diplomats were not hasty in their work.
Besides the five American Peace
Commissioners and their retinue of
thirty-two persons, there were as pas
sengers aboard the Campania: Count
Charles D. Ursell, Belgian Minister of
the Congo Free State; Frank Mack of
the Associated Press; Major Maitland-
Kirwan; Gustav Miller, a special Bel
gian Commissioner, who has; been In
vestigating the higher branches of com
mercial education In the United States,
and James F. Egan, delegate from the
Amnesty Commission, and ex-political
prisoner in England, who has been
chosen sword-bearer to the municipal
ity of Dublin.
MORE DETAILS OF
THE INSTRUCTION*
NEW YORK, S<>pt. 17.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent sends the
following: Since the departure of thvi
Peace Commissioners from Washing
ton further details of their Instructions
have been allowed to become public.
They are Instructed to inform Spain
that the terms which the United States
Insists on as to the Philippines ci.-n
template the occupation of the island
of Luzon by the United States and the
control by this Government of the
othor Islands of the group.
The extent to which control ig to be
exercised over the islands oJtside of
Luzon will depend in a [arse measure
upon circumstances. As it was ex
plained to me to-day, the control which
the United States Is to exercise might
be described as reversionary.
There is to be no cession of sover
eignty by Spain to any other power
and the government to be established
Is to have the full approval of the
United States, governing indirectly,
through agents who will not non.lniilly
be officials of the United Btatas.
If this scheme does not work thf»n the
Islands are to be taken outright by the
United State*, Just ns Luzon is to be
taken. Advocates of the annexation of
the entire group are not entirely sat
isfied with this failure of the President
to instruct his commissioners to take
all the islands at once, though they be
lieve the inevitable result will be the
taking of the entire group.
PERSONNEL OF THE
SPANISH COMMISSION
LONDON, Sept. 17.— A special dis
patch from Madrid- says:
The Spanish peace commissioners
were appointed to-day. They are Senor
Montero Rio?, President of the Senate,
who is president of the commission'
General Cerero and Senors Abnarzuza
Vollarrutia and Garnica.
The Spanish . conxmissjan, the dis
patch adds, will start for Paris on Sep
tember 25.
CHAMPAGNE FOR THE
ILLINOIS CHRISTENING
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Sept. 17.-Gov
ernor Tanner has decided that the bat
tleship Illinois shall be christened in
champagne, and to-day sent a letter to
Mrs. Matilda B. Carse, Jessie Brown
Hilton and Helen L. Wood, the commit
tee of the Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union, who protested against
christening the battleship with wine
notifying them of his decision.
After assuring the ladles of his ap
preciation of the great good accom
plished through the W. C. T. U. the
Governor says: "In the matter, how
ever, of following the timo-honored cus
tom of christening battleships there is
no desecration of the laws of temper
ance. The ceremony is not one from
which any evil could possibly be set
forth and the most sacred religious or
dinance, the 'Sacrament,' which the
world commemorates with deepest sol
emnity and honor, is ono in which wine
Is used as a symbol. Therefore, I dis
miss the subject as one unworthy of
bo much agitation. If left to mo, the
battleship Illinois will be christened ac
cording to the time-honored custom."
Fatal Draught Taken by Mistake.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 17.— Mrs. John
Martin of Sebastopol Is dying as a re-
Bult of drinking some blueing from a
cup In mistake for something else.
Frlenda have given up hope of her re
covery.
PROCESSION AND
PUBLIC SPEAKING
Anaheim Republicans
Open the Campaign.
SANTA ANA MEN PRESENT
NEEDHAM DELIVERS A MOST
TELLING ADDRESS.
Avoiding Personal Abuse, the Com
ing Congressman Arraigns the
Populists and Demo
crats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANAHEIM, Sept. 17.— The Anaheim
Republicans assisted by a .-.rge dele
gation from Santa Ana fired their first
political gun In the campaign to-nigh*t.
Preceded by the Santa Ana drum corps
and followed by the Anaheim band a
large procession led the way to the
decorated bandstand at the City Park,
where the enthusiastic 2000 spectators
welcomed with prolonged cheers the
speaker of the evening, Hon, James C.
Needham, Republican candidate for
Congress.
Carefully avoiding the use of personal
abuse he commenced his arraignment
of the fusionists, which he characterized
as a recent political invention, and stat
ed that the platforms of the Populists
and Democrats represented two ex
tremes. ]?y study the Democratic party
has been known as a conservative
party whose 1 lanks were made up of
resolutions of objections against any
thing the Republican party attempted
to do, while the Populist party was or
ganized to reform certain abuses and
was eminently a radical party. Further
the Democrats were not justified In
uniting with the Populists in a fixed
state at Sacramento because of unequal
representation.
From IS6I to 1593 was a period which
Mulhall says represents a remarkable j
Increase in material progress, and the j
Republicans were in power at that
time. The speaker said that a great
crisis having been successfully passed,
and with the enormous administrative
responsibility about to follow, it would
be inopportune to tie the President's
hands by an antagonistic Congress.
The late war had taught us to keep a
reasonably large standing army and an
adequate navy and coast defense. The
San Pedro harbor would be completed
by the Republicans and the Nicaragua |
canal commenced. For these reasons j
he stood squarely on the platform of
1896 and the State convention.
Major C. "W. Kyle in a pleasant and
eloquent speech showed how in the late
war our Republican President by ad
hering to Republican principles had
firmly cemented the United States as a
whole, while the fused party of every
"ism" represented by platforms of am
algamated errors would be sidetracked
for the grand old party and its faithful
adherents.
IN TIME TO STOP
HER OWN FUNERAL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MIDDLEBORO, Mass., Sept. 17.— The
supposed victim of the Bridgeport,
Conn., murder, Miss Marian Grace Per
kins, arrived at her home this after
noon in the best health to the great
joy of the family and the unbounded
astonishment of the entire community.
Her father was not in town, for at
the time of his daughter's arrival he
was on his way back from Bridgeport
with the gruesome remains which he
had identified as those of Grace, and
for which the funeral arrangements, in
cluding the digging of the grave, had
already been completed.
Miss Perkins came from Providence,
R. 1., and was accompanied by her
lover, Charles Bourne, and at first it
was stated that the couple had been
married. This was afterward denied
by young Bourne's uncle. So unex
pected was the coming of Miss Perkins
and young Bourne that outside of Mr.
Thompson and one or two friends who
had been previously notified, there were
very few at the railorad station when
the train came in.
The young lady, however, was imme
diately recognized by the bystanders at
the station, and the news spread
around the town with incredible rapid
ity. There was a large crowd at the
•gate as the young lady stepped from
the carriage and ran into the house.
Just across the street from the Perkins
house is a little cemetery, and only this
morning, in response to the request of
the uncle of Miss Perkins, a grave had
been dug by the sexton in the family
lot, and' the new earth thrown up be
side it could be plainly seen from the
house. Half an hour after Miss Per
kins' arrival home a local undertaker's
wagon drove up to the house, and in it
was the coffin which had been ordered
by the family. The funeral arrange
ments had even gone so far that the
family minister had been notified and
asked to conduct the service.
At the Perkins home to-night an
uncle of the young woman, in the ab
sence of her father, gave out the fol
lowing statement:
"We think that Grace and Charles
Bourne have been married as they have
been off on frequent trips during the
past two or three months. Grace knew
nothing of the sensation until yester
day morning, when she read of it in
a paper. She sent a letter to her
mother only ten days ago, but th<> lat
ter never received it."
Later in the evening Miss Perkins
herself, after many importunities, con
sented to speak, but all she said was:
"I am glad to be here, alive, truly
alive, and it is truly me."
Mr. Perkins arrived from Taunton
about 10 o'clock and drove to the Per
kins house. The meeting between father
and daughter was affecting. Late to
night it was reported that Mr. Perkins
was very ill.
BRIDGEPORT, Sept. 17.— The news
that Miss Perkins had returned to her
home in Middleboro was received with
incredulity at first, so general ws the
belief that the identity of the body had
been established. That no doubt existed
In the minds of the officials as to the
Identification Is apparent from the
fact that the death certificate has been
filed and everything official in connect
tion with the death of "Grace Perkins"
has been complied with. Superintend
ent of Police Birmingham said to
night: "I was satisfied that the dead
woman was not the original of the pho
tograph exhibited by Mr. Perkins and
there were other discrepancies, a great
many of them.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Moonan, 1017-lOJ3 Mlmlod.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
JAMES C. NEEDriAM.
DEWEY'S FLEET
IS DEMOLISHED
A Constable Is Greater
Than Montijo.
RUDE RAID OF OFFICERS
TROUBLES OF THE BATTLE OF
MANILA COMPANY.
Show Closed by Attachment Suits
and One of the Managers Is
Under a Crinr inal
Charge.
Special Dls-patch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 17.— Dewey's
fleet suffered the indignity to-night of
being piled up in half a dozen trucks
and carted down the streets to a ware
hour?, where it was stacked up in sec
tions. A township constable and ten
armed deputies overcame the defenders
of the fleet, accomplishin.T in three
hours a feat which Admiral Montijo
found impossible.
Last Monday the Battle of Manila
Company came up from San Francisco
and announced a week's engagement
at the Snowflake Baseball Park.
Trouble arose at the outset. Two at
tachments .or something like $60 were
placed on the concern by laborers who
claimed to have unpaid bills for work
done in San Francisco. They were con
ciliated, but the show was unable to go
on for some reason or other and hun
dreds were turned away from the gates.
Nightly thereafter, however, the show
was produced and the ears of the in
habitants have been regularly shocked
as the reports of the demolition of
Cavite and the Spanish squadron rolled
over the house tops.
But the internal troubles would not
down before the splendor of the nightly
pyrotechnics.
Ed Kripp, who had rented the park,
wanted his $50 ncr night tnerefor; the
New York Kitchen demanded $15 25 for
coffee and doughnuts furnished to the
Manila forces; F. O. Stern berg claimed
$40 95 for labor, and an attachment was
levied on the concern for the restaurant
and laborers' bill, George Adams,
George C. Lang, W. G. Misner, W. G.
Stevens and W. F. Dunphy, all of San
Francisco, being made defendants to
the suit.
Constable Whitney informed the
managers last night that he would shut
them down if they did not settle, but
they declined to take him seriously.
Late this afternoon, while the ships
were lying at anchor and the crews
were down town. Whitney armed him
self and ten deputies, got some trucks,
and proceeded out to the scene of bat
tle. He took down one after the other
of the ships and placed them on the
trucks. While he and his men were so
engaged the managers of the produc
tion arrived with some helpers, and
there was a show of fight, which Whit
ney was soon «~ble to subdue. So there
is no show to-night and war's rude
alarms will no longer affright the air.
To make matters worse W. A. Cas
well, a bill poster, has sworn to a
criminal complaint, charging that
George Adams, one of the managers,
obtained $60 from him by false pre
tenses. Two of the attachment suits
placed on the concern were brought by
a lumberman for $60 and the drayman
who hauled out the ships and the Ca
vite arsenal to Snowflake Park. The
suits aggregate $700.
LATE SHIPPING INTEL.MGEN'CE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. September 17.
Schr Barbara Hernater. Jensen, 56 hours from
Coqullle River.
Jjrhr Ocenn Spray, Ostlln, 24 hours from Iver
sens Landing.
sailed.
•: ':,'. I Saturday, September ' 17.
Stmr Grace Dollar,. Fosen,;Yaqulna- nay.
St mr Coquille , River, Johnson, v Fort Bragg
1 - - '. - DOMESTIC -PORTS, -r - ••— :~ ■■■-.- ---I
"SEATTLE— SaiIed Sept 17— Stmr Sunol, for
San Francisco. ■•...•.  ■.  ■ ..-..,
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 17— Bktn Skaglt,
for • Pan ■ Pedro; . schr •J-. M : Colman, for ■ San
Diego. "QpasKßffanwttKßeHnßnMHaßsmaß
- . : TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Umbrla,
from Liverpool.; : •..•■■■•  . : , .-. .. ,
Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Campania.: for Liverpool;
stmr • Hecla, for Copenhagen ; ' stmr ' Werra, -, for
Naples; : iitmr ; Spaarndam, for Rotterdam ; I stmr
Rliynland, ■, for - Southampton ; « stmr • Anchotia,
for Glasgow; stmr .Pennsylvania,' •:: for Ham
burg. -.'■----.'. ':.-:•:-• •■,■■' -;•; .- • -
' LI VERPOOL— Sept 17— Stmr Etrurla
from New York. - • •- % . .
QT'EENSTOWN— SaiIed { Sept ' 17— Stmr'; Cym
ric, - for New -York; v- ' - - • ■*■■'.:<- ■ .--•.■'
ANTWERP— Arrived . Sept - 17— Stmr South
wark, from New Y0rk. ?;..'.•.. :. '-i:\*?;>~<y-3:
,-■■■ HAVRE— Sailed • Sept i 17-Stmr - L Gascogne,
for New York. - ■ •-,--- ■i~onißißtw»wiHtjt> tmwitf.ij
ii MARSEILLES— SaiIed ; Sept 17— Stmx. Burgun
dla, or New York. . : ■ :■.-.-•■■
;■;■: ANTWERP— " Sept ; 17— Stmr • Frlesland,
for New York. '- ■ ....... .i ■■•/■• ... \
- SOUTHAMPTON— Sept 17— Stmr Penn
land. for New York. ■■...= :. .
.■>- LIVERPOOL— SaiIed ; Bept : J7— Stror : Lucanla,
for tfew York,
CULTIVATION
OBLITERATED
Fearful Work of the
Great Cyclone.
BARBADOES LOSES HEAVILY
MAY BE TERRIBLE SUFFERING
IN THE WEST INDIES.
An Appeal to England for Help in
Caring for the Thousands of
Homeless People Meets
Prompt Response.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Sept. 17.—De
tails of the hurricane, which are con
stantly coming in, show the disaster to
have been Infinitely worse than was at
first expected. The destruction at Bar
badoes was fully equal to that at St.
Vincent, while St. Lucia also suffered
considerably.
The island of Barbadoes, presenting
practically a flat surface, was comp'.ete
ly swept by the vortex of the cyclone,
the result being that the entire area of
cultivation was obliterated, while a
majority of the residences and other
buildings were destroyed, and two
thirds of the dense population of 160 to
the square mile were rendered home
less. The population was seeking shel
ter at Bridgetown, and other centers,
only to find them little more than
masses of ruins. The consequent dis
tress is unparalleled in the history of
the West Indies, and the Governor has
cabled that instant and continuous
outside relief is absolutely necessary in
order to avert widespread famine and
possibly a resultant pestilence.
The actual extent of fatalities has not
yet been ascertained, owing to the ex
tent of .he ruin wrought throughout
the island. Apparently the damage in
St. Lucia was comparatively less enor
mous, although very serious.
Many plantations and houses were
destroyed, temporarily paralyzing in
dustry. The loss of life in St. Lucia
was comparatively small. No estimate
of the shipping casualties is yet pos
sible.
LONDON, Sept. 17.— Queen Victoria
has sent to the Governor of Barbadoes
a message of sympathy with the suf
ferers from the hurricane and the
Secretary of State for the colonies. Mr.
Chamberlain, has also forwarded to
him a sympathetic message from the
United States, where Mr. Chamberlain
is now on a visit. The Governor of
Barbadoes has renewed his appeal for
aid. He cables that three-fourths of
the people are without shelter or food
and that they are crowding into the
populous centers, which, he explains,
will not accommodate their own inhab
itants. Cargoes of food have been or
dered to supply the wants of the suf
ferers and the relief must be contin
uous and must be kept up for a long
time to come.
PRISON DIRECTORS MEET.
Pardons Recommended, Paroles and
Punishments.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 17.— At the
meeting of the State Prison Directors
at Folsom to-day the pardon of William
R. Melville was recommended to the
Governor. Melville was sent from San
Francisco In 1894 for eight years for
embezzlement of moneys of the Cali
fornia Bank. His pardon was asked
for by General Barnes, Superior Judge
Belcher and many of the leading citi
zens of the city, who believe him to
have been sufficiently punished and
have confidence In him.
The Governor was asked to cut off
thirty-two days from the term of I. H.
Fidler, sent from San Francisco for
grand larceny. He was kept that long
as a witness in the City Ja.ll. He will
go out on Oc. ber 13 if the Governor
commutes.
. The board paroled Mike L. Hanney,
sent from Sacramento for burglary;
James Lee Kings County, burglary,
and Cha les A. Burge, Fresno, robbery-
Tnese have all been exemplary prison
ers and employment awaits them in
their old homes.
All of Convict William Downing's
credits, were taken away because of his
assaulting a prisoner with an iron bar
and Convict Fred J. Curtis lost three
months' credits for having a big knife
on his person to cut an enemy.
Mother Dies, but the Children Live.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 17.— Mrs. LilUe
Lopez of Pasadena, who poisoned her
self and two small children with rough
on-rats last Wednesday, died yesterday
at the County Hospital. The two child
ren are still alive and out of danger.
WILL FIGHT FOR
THE STATE TICKET
Stand of the Good Gov
ernment League.
COUNTY TO BE STUMPED
GAGE WILL BE EABNESTLY
SUPPORTED.
But No Opportunity Will Be Missed
to Secure the Defeat of the
Gang's Countj Can
didates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 17.— The Good Gov
ernment League to-day decided to con
duct a campaign independent of all
other parties and affiliations and do
everything possible to secure the elec
tion of Gage and the rest of the Re
publican State ticket. The organiza
tion will stand by the State ticket and
the principles of Republicanism, but so
far as the county ticket is cencerned
they will vote, solely for anti-gang
men.
Judge J. R. Lewis and others have
volunteered to stump the entire county
for Gage and the Republican State
ticket and make a personal fight
against the Republican county ticket
nominated by the Rea convention.
The campaign will be a warm one in
Santa Clara County. The Reaites are
sore over Austin's defeat for nomina
tion for Secretary of State and will*de
vote their main energies to the support
of the ringsters on their c.ouniy ticket.
R< epeetable Republicans will leave
nothing undone to insure the success
of the State ticket, but they will not
take the county ticket, which is gang
from top to bottom. The fusion ticket
put up by the Good Government
League, Populists and Democrats will
receive these votes.
The campaign to be conducted by the
Good Government League will be sys
tematic and thorough. The principles
of the party will be advocated in every
precinct of the county and people will
be waited upon personally and asked to
support Gage and the entire State Re
publican ticket. The masses will be
educated along these lines, while at the
same time a vigorous warfare will be
conducted against Rea and his ticket.
Committees will be appointed to han
dle the campaign, and the State at
large can rest assured that the Repub
lican Good Government League will
help to make Gage's election certain by
giving the ticket a good majority in
this county.
The county central committee of the
Good Government League to-day de
cided not to nominate an independent
legislative ticket in this county.
James H. Campbell, Democratic
nominee for District Attorney, was in
dorsed by the committee and his name
will be placed upon the Good Govern
ment ticket;
BALTIMORE AND OHIO
OFFICIALS CONFER
CINCINNATI, Sept. 17.— The Balti
more and Ohio officials arrived here to
day from Chicago, the party including
Receivers John K. Cowen and Oscar G.
Murray, General Manager William M.
Greene, F. W, Wilshire, M. B. Will, E.
A. Walton and George M. Schriever of
Baltimore.
About the same time President E. R.
Bacon, Vice President Peabody, John
Walker and other officials of the Balti
more and Ohio Southwestern, arrived
from New York. The officials of these
sister lines were in close conference
during the forenoon at the St. Nicholas
and during the afternoon at the gen
eral office of the Baltimore and Ohio
Southwestern. President Bacon made
a statement which confirmed the re
ports about the sale of the road, but
Receivers Cowen and Murray Insisted
that they were the agents of the court
for the custody and operation af the
railway, and not for its sale, and that
they could not say anything regarding
the recent sale or the future manage
ment or anything relating to the future
proceedings through the court. They
would neither affirm nor deny the re
ports as to what was done at the
meeting in Chicago yesterday.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Dr. Meyers & Co. Make a Fair Offer to Men.
♦ '.'» We have such confidence in our methods and remedies for restoring ♦
9 partial or complete loss of vital power, and curing air contracted ail- O
i. ments of men, that we are willing to have the price for a cure depos- ♦
ited in any bank, or with any reputable businessman in San Francisco, 9
O when treatment is commenced. : .'. If a satisfactory cure is not made in a X
<► given time the amount to be returned to the patient. If the patient ad- ♦
0 , mits that he is cured, the money to be paid to us. We take all th« O
▼ chances, ; run all the risks, and live up to all our agreements. ,: 4
.? |— — 1 ' :^*-*SfeU. '' \ '" - ♦
♦ ESTABLISHED n^^^^^^^ THOUSANDS OF ?
O SYMPTOMS Con- 9^^^^ ,*-lSt3?9*? - '■ tS^^^ TICE— I^^ 1 " X °" *
4 fusion of ideas, ncr- (£*?!&& not come >0U Ca "" 5
♦ n«>f<s, absent mind- \t\^ yK^S&sp \*&L^ Francisco, or calf on ♦
♦ ness, absent ;mlnd- .. \\ WM, ■ ' *\^&&ytf ~1S?K&S - a mr t n r a
O edness, pain in'the V^VWL [^^^ : Y^T the"" 1 " "^ O
▼ back; ■ loss of - ambl- Vl//V 1 // \S' mni. , f .'* ■ , VS; > thoir ™.m i make 4
O tlon. drowsiness / V^fßmA Qf|Mi|L // "3 viB7t?t«' .VT^' O
♦ aftpr meals, lo.s of /^^^SMfi, >V^^^^ V 7/ town, *?. lnterlor 2
O flesh. bashfulnes-s. ' "p^Wtisß ttilil j%> for nrt T tO Us n
A • dizziness, a unnatural 'J%M/i 111 ** V?. b^ a ' dVlce " private °
O losses, drains, etc., y^7/mA V^&KB 'fin&ffi&'^ttmt: xtf book ' for men *
5 palpitation -of- the '^amr '/(> onl>> treat e on d.s" 9
f tims are we 1 1 V F^^^^^W^^^ list "' ' questlon V
I©; Mpndnlv /^^» v .. AflT Jllli^ Mph Phlir I
Iq . iflUli UillJ i Correspondence and Other Dealing With 111 Oil UIIIfi *
:: | -.« i _____ _ .I. _J Patients Sacredly Confidential. - Li _±_ ' _~' '- J °
o--- •-..•. ; s :,\r":. ; :v •■ ; : :;";r- .'-■ '.'■:: :-; '■♦
♦ No other reputable . physicians have ever made such an offer to the ♦
O : afflicted, and we could / not > afford to do :soif we were ■' not • convinced O
♦■. after seventeen years' experience, that we have the ability to make nos '■>
; Y itive, quick and permanent cures. ; Nervous Debility and 'its attending °
O . horrors, dangers and embarrassments, : / Contagious r : Blood • Poison and *
♦ other contracted ailments J are included in this offer. ' >nu o
Be a Man Among Men, Strong Mentally and Physically.
♦ ;If you 'want a new lease of life we can give it to you. If you want to ' ♦
% sleep sound and 'Jo feel active, strong, full of vim, vigor and ambition, test our °
O incomparable methods 1 and remedies. \ The ' experiment will cost : you nothing o
I•♦ unless we do all that we claim to. .; Our cures are .as lasting as life. ♦
♦ '■'.-;, •••■C/-;' :•'}/':" '. : . .-'....-' . : - :•"/'.■;'•■'!■■. .:.-"" ' ..•.. ■ \v v: s ';'"•' -; o
[% CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE AT OFFICE OR BY MAIL. o
o. ; .' :; -s\';-.. C ..■■;■■■.■■■■■'■ '"-'.'tV^.'-i--' ";"' : - 'T-" : ■>•-''■. ', ■'■■':' ■ :; ".' '- : - '""'■'■-'■'■Yio-
? DR. MEYERS' & CO, °
O --,••' -,'._.' ,-,','■ " .'■ ."■" " ' r _- ■ ' " . -ft X
ty 731 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO. ♦
o Takp Flpv^trir I hours-s to 12, 1 too Daily, X
0 * $Tto8 V buadBy ! 9toll - >
ACTIVITY AT
THE NAVY-YARD
Large Force of Men Kept j
at Mare Island.
READY FOR DEWEY'S SHIPS
WHEN VESSELS RETURN THEY
WILL RECEIVE REPAIRS.
Tribute to the Skill of California Me
chanics iv the Construction
of Many Launch
Engines,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Sept. IT.— Despite the fact !
that the war is over there is still a large
force of men at work on Mare Island, j
The names of over 1750 men are carried
on the roils, and in some departments j
this force is being increased. The yes- j
sels undergoing repairs are well ad- I
vanced, it being the evident intention of '
the authorities to have them ali cleared ;
up this fall so there will be nothing to J
interfere with the repairs to the ships !
of Admiral Dewey's squadron when the
situation at Manila permits their return
to the United States.
In addition to the repair work and !
the building of a tug for the Puget j
Sound naval station, orders have been j
received to build ninety-six launch en
gines, which will be used in launches
in all parts of the world. This order,
which has been given Mare island in ;
preference to the Eastern yards, is a
high tribute to the ability of Mare
Island mechanics.
The work on the famous old Hartford
is going ahead favorably. The new shoe
Is In place and fastened to the dead
wood. The propeller has been placed on
the shaft in the last two days and is
all secured. The new rudder will be in
place within a week.
The engine beds are in position, near
ly ready to receive the machinery. The
builer saddles are also in place and the
work of hoisting the four boilers int>)
the ship will begin to-morrow. The
boilers are now lying alongside the
dock.
The training-ship Adams is now prac
tically finished, with the exception of
the battery, which has not yet arrived
from the East. There is no definite
knowledge as to when it will com 1 -.
Quite a force of men are busy on
vessel finishing up odds and ends. If
desired the ship can be placed in com
mission within ten days, ready m all
respects except . the battery. About
eighty men are employed on the Ranger
and are making goo-d progress. A big
force is scaling the snip below d.cks.
The beams for the new hurricane deck
are in position and a portion of the steel
deck has already been laid. The engine
beds and foundations for the boiler sad
dles are already in place and the ma
chinery will be hoisted on board as soon
as the dredger moves away from the
big shears. Up at the steam engineer
ing department the men are putting the
valves and other fittings on the bcil
ers.
The new corrugated iron bulkheads
on the Yorktown, which are to replace
the old wooden partitions, are well ad
vanced. The new spar ueek has been
laid and the gun beds are in place.
The new masts, which ar^ about com
pleted, will be stepped next week. It
is believed that the natty little gunboat
will be ready for commission in about
a month.
The work on the new tug for the Port
Orchard station is going ahead at a
very fast rate. Nearly all the plates are
fitted, and they will all be riveted dur
ing the next week. The steel deck
house is well along, and the work of
laying the wooden deck will be com
menced this week. The transverse bulk
heads are riveted and the foundations
foii the engine and boilers are nearly
ready. So far as the construction de
partment is concerned the tug can be
launched early in October, by which
time the steam engineering department
will probably have the fhrust and tail
shafts and propeller in place.
Captain Charles S. Cotton, the new
captain of the yard, will report for duty
at the end of this month, and Commo
dore J. C. Watson, the new command
ant, will arrive during October. Com
mander J. B. Brice, who has been act-
ing as commandant since the death of
Rear-Admiral Kirkland last month, re
ceived orders to-day ordering him to
return home as soon as Captain Cotton
reports as his relief.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Be Patriotic I
In Actions as Well as Words 1
; . - Why Buy Foreign .;> - |
When | •
Am Emu AH
■ IS BEST AND CHEAPEST? . |
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF IT,
45 CtS SQUARE YARD.
For ail at prices to suit. ■ - --. !
i $chlueter& Volberg,
709 Market Street, |
?t '; ■ Next to Call Building.
j ¥ Onyx -Top \ '
ji Wg^. . fables, |-.
ij' /£*fa ' ' n Burnished <\
I ' ■ jS-^jjp • Brass. 14-inch top, ;
.I f -tf£232fs!r'3P 1 A inches square, i|
i 1i 1 Js§?«§!ii& onyx slab, $t. 50. ]'•
'' T^W^vvFn Same with onyx i|
I 'i* a.n i. if top, and bottom, ]>
I ! i ' \v \ nil Finished in bur- V '
'i fllfiJllfiiifM^^M'ii 11 - nished gold plate, <!
ji -■'' l ' ! ' .^.'lfY^fl'" $5.50. ]i
!; _i^\\--^ will & ( !
!' ,'£B<zZ' v>?7 finc k co -» I
1 =5^ : ~^^— — -vS*/ 320 Market St., <,
)'~ . ' San Francisco. , )
g^TwJ^^J^ jJand TUMOR
3 J /^^^^P*^ N0 KNIFE"or PAIN'
•S^M^^^^^^jE^No Pay Until Cured
»^?^W^^^W**Sk. ?•♦■ inai-Rflltls too lite.
_u4& ■t&£~M?&xsvif^*§< Hon's face and lip acorn-
&'{a)***c3&&*Sr fiT^ \ *o-I'jicp. Book sent free
fi *\3 '^ V-\ \Aj B \' tirt\'iihundrc<laof*AAre*seßt irt\'iihundrc<laof*AAre*seB
nrnt^nti^ or honest coreo. No Fraud.
S.R.GHAMLEY, M. 0., 17 & I7THIED St., k : r Market St.
SEND TO SOME ON E WITH CANCER .
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
-Ac T», Full Set of Teeth
«S>^^. I *J2e. extracting free $sooup
*t^^k^d^ Gold Crowns 22k J;, soup
c?~^sr:« < &JSr»» * Hilling^s - ■ • 25 cts. up
*? Open Kvenirißs & Sundays ■
S^WJ(^<^% VAN VROOM
1 —^'*J&ft \%>^< T " Electro Dental Purl..?* . *
I'■-'/%&f;1 '■ -'/%& f; |^*% .Sixth and Market .
- Dr. GW. Kleisor, Prop. .
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AUCKLAND, NEW ZEALAND. C..
the 31st day of December. A. D. 1897. ami
for the ear ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant ,. to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as .
per. blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. -
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash .. $1,000,000 00
• ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company... (1,338,850 "
Loans on bonds and mortgages 155.425 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by c0mpany.:......... "410.936 00
Amount of loans , secured by pledge
- of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 203.374 0)
Cash in company's office 1.060 00.
Cash in banks.. 152.253 0)
Interest due and accrued •on all ' ■ '■ ■
/.stocks and loans.. ......;........'. 7,543 00 '
Premiums In due course of collection 217.499 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks ........ 4.500 00
Rents due and accrued .4. US 00
Total assets :..... $2.493.55S CO.
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense ;........ $190,555 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less,- $535,219 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent..' 449.109 00,
Gross premiums, on marine and in- ,
'. land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent : - 151.400
All other demands against the com-
; pany 56.37S 00
Total liabilities ;..... $327,942 00 '
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire . • - „
premiums .............................. $527.010 00
Net cash actually received for ma- .■-.-'-•
rlne premiums •• 530,99700
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks. , loans and from „;,--
all other sources. -•••• 34,n 14 00
Received for rents 09,233 00
Total Income • $1,512,214 00
!" : / EXPENDITURES. " 
Net amount paid for fin- losses (in- ... " '.
eluding losses of previous years).. $491,605 00
Net amount 'paid for marine losses o •
(including losses of previous years) SS2,oSS 00 f.
Dividends to stockholders....... 137.500 00
Paid or allowed ■ for commission or ■ _
brokerage ........... ;............. 39,32100
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officer- clerks, etc.... 198.61S 00 .
Paid for State, national . and local ■ ;:
taxes' ••• 14.333 00
All other payments and expenditures. 135.657 M
Total expenditures ....sl.fini.BS2 M
Fire. "
Losses Incurred during the year...... $1,074,193 CO
• Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. "
Net amount of. risks writ-
ten during, the year.... $153,331.197 $1,089,097 00
Net amount of risks ex- aawim iMiiniiii^nnin,
pired during! the year.. 174,080,018 1 1.071.S1? 00
Net amount in force De-
cen>>er 31. 1597.. ........ 151,270. 898,219 00 ■
"~~ . Marine . '.
n ; Risk* and Premiums., Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of. risks writ-
ten during. the year.... $117,437,175 $753.05S 00
Net n»nount of risks ex- :
pired during the year.. 119,967.634 505. 636 00
Net amount in force De- .
cember 31. 1597... . ; 24. -.33.45; \ 151.400 00
J. LOGAN CAMPBELL. Chairman.
F.J., BRASSY. Manager. ... ,
:*: Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th
day of April, IS9S. : p. DILLINGHAM. ■. •
United ; States ; Consul. ,
W. P. THOMAS, Manager,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
Office in Company's Building, I
312 CALIFORNIA STREET
; -■;• SAN FRANCISCO. " ;. ■-'■•
Weekly Gan.sLso Bet to
lift MmililUMft Jmnwm ft nmi * ' .:•:■■■■ --y^x. :■■■WILL FORCE THE ISSUE.
Before Justice of the Peace Barry Wm. Costley
Begins His Fight Against Wells-Fargo.
WE admit, your Honor, the charges
as alleged in the complaint." said
Attorney E. S. Pillsbury, who ap
peared for the defense yesterday
morning before Justice Barry in the case
of William E. Costley vs. Wells, Fargo
& Co. "The question simply resolves It
self into one of Jaw. and I have agreed
with Attorney G. P. Squires, who ap
pears here for tho plaintiff, that in case
your H.oor renders a decision against the
defendant corporation, damages in a nom
inal sum shall be charged against us."
"We do this, your Honor, that we may
the sooner arrive at a final decision,"
explained Mr. Squires. And thereupon
the two attorneys began* the argument
of the case that will settle for once and
for all whether Wells-Fargo or Wells-
Farpo's patrons shall pay the company's
chare of the Government's war tax.
The case of Costley is based upon the
refusal of the defendant corporation to
transmit to Sacramento a package pre
sented by the plaintiff at Its regular of
fice for that purpose. The refusal of the
rnmpnny was based upon the ground
that Oostley declined to provide the
stamp That under the war tax law thfe
carrier corporation is required to affix to
all receipts and bills of lading.
Mr. Costley is a man with the courage
of his convicltons and a Puritanical
sense of the justice that is duo from
Iran to man, even In business, and when
he wa? Hslted by the clerk who weighed
In hla F^ckr\;;e for the customary stamp
h« refused to provide it. His package
end proffered rharpes were pushed back
to him across the counter. He spent the
next two days in looking for som^ other
means of transportation, and for the Icps
of time, ar.r.r.oyanee and additional cost
that occurred, he pra*- for damages in
the amount of J2oO.
Though on the face of the complaint
it would appear that Mr. Costley's sole
object is a spare $250, his attorney an
nounced at the opening 1 of the case yes
terday that with his plaintiff and himself
it Yva«<-o«jer!y- -nrmtLtter (ft principle*;- that
a decision' and hot damages was the j ul
timate hoped for.
In the absence of any precedent there
was nothing of argument Indulged in.
The two attorneys simply outlined two
adverse theories and the whole proceed
ing occupied no more than an hour of
Justice Barry'" time.
Mr. Squires stated that the Intent of the
law was shown in its operation; that it
Vai the writer of the instrument that
was supposed to affix the nessary stamp.
The law provided that the drawer of a
check, of a legal Instrument or of any
other taxable paper issuing from his bus
iness, should also pay the tax upon it.
"A penalty of SSO is provided for," said
Mr. BQUires, "In cases where a carrier
or corporation issues a receipt or bill
without the canceled revenue stamp. The
corporations escape this penalty by re
fusing to issue receipts without the
stamp, and that, as the carrier is com
their patrons to pay this tax. The law
intends that a receipt or bil ! . of lading
is not a complete and operative instru
ment without the necessary revenue
stamp, and that, as the carrier is com
pelled to furnish a complete and valid
pt, It consequently should pay this
tax."
When the astute Pills-bury arose to pre
sent his reasons why Wells -Fargo should
THEIR WOUK NEARLY OVER
Tlie Joint Ninth of September Com
mittee Finishing Up the Affairs
of a Successful Celebration.
The Joint 9th of September committee,
composed of three delegate* from the >"--i
tlvo Sons parlors of this city and Alai
County, held a short session In Native
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ATTENTION"""
Is called that»l have just received a full
line of Cheviots in all shades, I am
frisk - "•'" •' ts to order for
M. $12.50, $15.50, $17.50.
>n^rs». Excellent and very stylish
/w||| business su ; ts, and guaran-
/ Vlnvnlt teed to fit and finely made.
I VtevJ \ I also have a full line. of
I -,Uffi»\ Serges, Diagonals and fino
I -7 HI Piques that I make suits of
• g_i~/ 111 : to order for y
X-iF $20.0 D $25.€0, %
pl They make fine dressy
WS i suits and are well worth $35
MM to $ 40 -
SSvliL DON'T MISS .
% * THIS CHANCE.
o.r.ber hat these suits are we : ! made
and well trimmed and guaranteed^to fit, and,
furthermore, are kept in repair free of charge
for one year.
JOE POHEIMi~Tbe Tailor, ;
201 and 203 Montgomery Street.
8-1-4- and 84-6 Market Street.
HO and 1112 Market Street.
Bad way'B ■ Ready Relief for Spralni, ' BrulMM,'
Bore Muscles, Cramps, Burns, '< Sunburns, .. Back- :
ache. Headache, : Toothache. KhcumatlHm.Neu.'
raisin. Lumbago, Internally for all Bowel
Pains, "Colic, IJlarrhoca. Dysentery. Cholera
Morbua . and Sickness, Kaueeu, etc. All : drug- .
gUtii. /; ■- ; .; :./• ■• ;~i f\ : ?
be exempt from its just burden, he pre
sented'almost as sanctimonious an ap
pearance as the "preying president" of
the corporation he represented. With ex
ceeding shyness he got the question of
damages outside the case in point and re
lied largely on the argument by J. C.
Carter and Colonel McCook, of whom he
spoke as "distinguished lawyers of the
East."
The artful dodger, however, forgot to
tell about . his own advice given to the
express company when the question of
who should pay the tax first. arose, that
the law required the company to pay the
stamp tax, beyond question, and even
went so far as to advise his client corpo
ration that even If there was a , doubt
as to. who was liable the company would
be — d fools to insist upon shippers pay
ing it. : •/-•,■ : /-■
They do say that notwithstanding his
dignified and sanctimonious appearance
the wily Pillsbury at times uses language
quite shocking to the "preying presi
dent," Mr. Valentine.
The burden of oily Pillsbtiry's argument
before Judge Barry was that the law left
the matter in doubt a.s to whether the
shipper or the company should pay the
tax. lie quoted from the "preying presi
dent's" circular, showing that the cheap
est way for the shipper was to pay the
war tax and avoid an increase in ex
press rates.
Pillsbury boldly asserted that the ex
press company was bound to treat all its
customers alike, but he craftily refrained ':
from claiming that it did so. Oh, no; '
Pillsbury is exceedingly cunning, so he i
refrained from telling the court that I
Wells, Fargo & Co. is even now discrlm- '
inatir.g in favor of the newspapers; that i
the journals of this city are to-day faring
better than private citizens, for the com
pany is paying the war tax on every
package of papers sent out from here in
its care.
All this and more Pillsbury neglected to
tell Judge Barry, but instead he attempt
ed to deceive his Honor into the belief
that the national law makers had failed
todo what they had intended, and instead
of imposing upon the great corporations
their proportion of the war tax. they had
merely increased the already heavy bur
dens of the people.
Judge Barry informed the opposing
counsel that he would notify them when
he was ready to make his decision. It is
to be hoped that the delay will not be
long, as the express company is certain
to appeal the case If it loses^. and thus keep
the matter dragging in the courts while
it continues to pilfer from its patrons.
Sons' Hall last evening, with a view to
closing up the affairs of the last srand
celebration. By the number of delegate.*
present it was easily apparent that the
interest in the annual anniversary had
not ceased with its consummation. Sec
retary Martland was directed to send
special letters of thanks to J. L. Frazcr,
superintendent at Third and Townsend
depot, and P. J. Kelly, ticket agent, for
the splendid services they rendered in
aiding the members and friends of the or
ganization to reach the scene of pleasure
safely and speedily. Suitable resolutions
were also ordered sent to 11. R. Judah,
assistant general passenger agent, for
courtesies extended.
Although the tickets have not all been
handed in or counted, the secretary gave
as his opinion that 0000 people journeyed
to the Garden City, which would net
JSOOO, of which the committee is to re
ceive one-third pro rata, to divide among
the twenty-eight parlors represented. Va
rious bills for printing, fireworks, etc..
were audited and ordered paid by tlie
treasurer. In its report the parade conft
mittee asked that a vote ot thanks be
extended to Marshal Daniel A. Ryan of
Pacific Parlor No. 10, and his aids for
marshaling one of the best night parades
witnessed in this city, and to William F
Ambrose of Columbia No. 121 for having
the line of march cleared of all obstruc
tions. The report was signed by Chair
man W. C. Miller, W. D. Shea. J. W
Kentzell, Joseph E. O'Donnell and Paul
McDonald. It was adopted.
Chairman C. E. Mooser vacated the chair
in favor of Delegate Long, and eulogized
the secretary of the committee, Robert
W. Martland, for his services before and
after the celebration. He moved that a
suitable token be presented to him in ap
preciation of his valuable aid. and the
motion was unanimously carried.
It Is thought the expenses Incurred by
the iocal committee will not amount to
over $300. The committee adjourned to
meet on Saturday evening next.
Chinatown Mourned.
fiec Won Sou, who. next to the Consul
General, was considered the most impor
tant man in Chinatown, and who on
Wednesday last qUed of consumption, was
borne to his grave in the Sin Ylng Ceme
tery Jn San Mateo yesterday at noon,
amid ceremonies that surpassed anything
of a sWhilar nature ever witnessed in
Chinatown. The deceased was at the
head of the great See Yup Company, and
every member or Celestial that owed
allegiance to It turned out to do honor to
their departed chief. Chinatown was
crowded with Chinese < and Amerlrans,
eager to witness the novel rites. A local
band attempted to play a dirge while the
ceremonies were on, but were sadly
routed by the beating of tomtoms and the
wailing of the priests and hired mourn
ers Over 150 carriage were In the fu
neral procession. The scattering of
papers through which the devil was to
crawl before he reached the sou! of Sou
nnd the glazed p!rb and other fancy
roastu— the product of Chinatown chefs —
attracted great attention us the funeral
cortege moved through the streets of the
city.
TITE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 189 S.
AT LAST ALL
SUPERVISORS
Give Their Views on
the Tax Levy.
SIX WANT A $1.40 CITY RATE
THE OTHER SIX WILL VOTE
FOR $1.20.
The Finance Committee Failed to Be
port to the Committee of the
Whole at Yesterday*
Meeting.
The next tax levy will contain no pro
vision for $135,000 to be expended on im
provements to the fire alarm and police
telegraph, which Superintendent Hewitt
had recomendea to the Supervisors.
Chairman J'.ritt of the Fire Committee
stated yesterday that Hewitt would re
ceive not to exceed $60,000, of wi.ich sum
$8100 will be for salaries, $10,000 for exten
sions of the present system and $12,500 for
police telegraph. The other $40,000 is for
placing wires underground in the business
portion of the city and for material, ,-p
paratus and repairs thereby necessitated.
"The items in Hewitt's estimate which
the committee have turned down," re
marked Britt, "are as follows: Thirty
five thousand dollars for 150 police signal
boxes. $t>soo for wire, $12,500 for li-e alarm
boxes and $4000 for wire for the same,
$65,000 for a central electric station at the
City Hall and $7500 for a suitable building
for the same. The new station is needed,
and so are the other things recommended
by Hewitt; but they will have to wait, in
order to keep down the tax levy to a rea
sonable figure."
"What is your opinion as to the total
amount of the tax levy?" was asked.
"I figure the total tax levy at from $1 35
to $1 40," said Supervisor Britt, "the dif
ference in my •stimate depending upon
whether or not the Supervisors will have
to appropriate $50,000 or $250,000 this year
for a new City and County Hospital. I
have to-day sent a communication to the
City and County Attorney, asking him
whether it will be proper, from a legal
standpoint, for the board to simply set
aside $50,000 this year for the hospital
foundations and leave future appropria
tions for construction to our successors.
In case it is found that this plan can be
followed the board will be able to save
$2i0,u00 for other purposes and reduce the
levy proportionately. Under no circum
stances will the majority favor a tax levy
reaching »2. There are no members of tne
board who will vote for a $2 or a $2 10
levy. That story was all rot. I know that
there has been no decision reached yet
as to the exact amount of the levy, even
by two or throe Supervisors figuring to
gether. Every man yeems to have a dif
l^rent idea. We do not agree as to the
amounts tor the various departments.
For Instance, Haskins wants so much for
streets, or .something else. I have differ
(: : Retires, and Devauy and the others
have their own. We are at sea. I under
stand that Smith and Morton intend to
try and make political capital out of this
business by voting lor a lower tax levy
than the interests of the city demand.
Rottanzl will side with them; so will Clin
ton, Dodge add Lackmnnn. That makes
six. The other six members of the board
wiil try and do their duty and vote for
a levy that will not carry a heavy deficit
over into next year. We cannot get along
on $1 15. as some persons seem to think,
unless wo are content to let a debt for
current expenditures go over for payment
by the next board. It is not honest to
do such a thing, and I shall certainly op
pose it. So will five other members of tne
board. There may be a deadlock over the
matter. We simply wish to get sufiicient
to economically conduct the city govern
ment and to make a few needed improve
ments. We want the hospital. As for the
Zoo project. 1 shall favor its abandonment
for the present. We can get along witn
out this Improvement until later.
Supervisor Devany said: "The tax levy
will not go to ?2. That much is certain.
I coincide with Supervisor Britt in say
ing that a levy of about $1 40 for munici
pal purposes will be the correct thing.
This added to the State tax of 48.S cents
would bring the total levy up to $1 88,
which is reasonable enough."
Supervisor Sheehan said: "I am not
going to vote for a levy of $2 or over.
Moreover. I favor dropping the Zoo. I
shall vote for the new hospital, and think
we can put the city and county expenses
down so that the municipal rate will be
about $1 40. The hospital equipment will
cost about $100,000 in addition to the $300,
000 for the building, but we can let the
matter of the equipment go very well un
til we get the building. I am in favor of
only appropriating the $50,000 for the hos
pital foundations this year and get the
work started."
Supervisor Hawkins was asked for a
statement. "Put me down for a total tax
rate that will go under $2," he replied.
No expression was npcurod from Super
visor Rivers. "He wants the Mission
Park Zoo scheme to be pushed." re
marked another Supervisor, "because he
has financial interests out in that section
of town."
Captain De'any expressed himself as
favoring a high tax levy, so as to give
unemployed men work on public improve
ments.
It is known that Rottanzi. Dodge,
Lackmann and Clinton expect the co-op
eration of Smith and Morton to kill the
Zoo and several other projects, and that
they will favor a city and county levy
about 20 cents less than the other six
members of the board. That is the situa
tion precisely summed up at the present
time, and there strems to be no proba
bility of a change.
Shortly after noon yesterday the Fi
nance Committee attempted to get to
gether and agree upon a tax levy sched
ule, but failed. Chairman Rottanzl ob
jected to the recommendation of the Mis
sion Zoo, and Devany and liaskins fa
vored it. There was also a disagreement
concerning the public printing, Rottanzl
stating that the- printing had long been
a cause for public scandal. Finally the
chairman left the meeting and refused
t^» return. The remaining members did
not come to an agreement to present a
schedule on their own account, and so
nothing was done. Again, at 6 o'clock in
the afternoon, after the second meeting
of the Supervisors in committee of the
whole, an attempt was made by Rottanzi
and Haskins to come, to an agreement
Devany being ill and not present. In the
event that the committee can come to
some- agreement a report wiil be made
on Monday at 10 o'clock to the Board of
Supervisors, but failing that, the ma
jority and minority may present their
views and leave the board to grapple
with the dilemma as best it can.
"When the Supervisors met yesterday
morning in committee of the whole, the
spirit of retrenchment was uppermost.
School affairs came up first for discus
sion. School Director Gallagher made an
address on behalf of the Board of Edu
cation, urging that the $1,515,000 estimate
of the board be allowed, as the money
was all needed.
"What is your salary roil?" asked Su
pervisor Smith.
"About $1,00:1,000." replied Gallagher.
"Can you Tiot reduce that?" queried the
Supervisor.
>r Sot a cent," was the response.
"What was the deficiency last year?"
"Jn the neighborhood of $90,000.*"
Dr. Clinton asked a auestion at this
point. "I understand that your board has
recently appointed 200 teachers. Is that
BO?"
"I guess it is, ' replied Gallagher.
"If we cut down your appropriation
what department will suffer?" asked Su
pervisor Britt.
"The pupils," responded the School
Trustee.
School Director Waller then addressed
the Supervisors at some length, defend
ing the expenditures for the schools.
In the afternoon Registrar Biggy ap
peared before the committfe of the whole
of the Supervisors and sprung a little sur
prise. He stated that he did not want
the entire $173,000, which ihe Auditor had
allowed Rim in h!r> annual estimate for
conducting the elections. "All that I
ask is $153,000," remarked the Registrar.
BELCHER CHEATED THE MORGUE.
A Young Lather Dropped a Hundred Feet and Escaped
Without Injury.
W BELCHER, a lather, employed
in the construction of the new
Wells-Fargo building at Second
•and Mission streets, fell almost
a hundred feet down an elevator
shaft yesterday, and ten minutes after
ward he was eating his lunch and telling
his friends of the way he had played a
joke on the officials of the Morgue.
Belcher lives at 43 Jessie street, and he
is a strong, hard-working young man of
about 25 years of age. He was working on
the top floor of the building when the
dinner beil rang. In the elevator shaft
two sets of falls hung, and the tackle was
used in hoisting material to the different
floors. The workmen during tht forenoon
had finished using one set of the tackles,
and the ropes were unlashed at the top
and hung over a beam until they found it
convenient to lower the blocks and tne
ropes.
As soon as the noon bell rang Belcher
and a companion made a rush for the
elevator shaft, with the intention of ;!iil
ing down the ropes and for a race to see
who could get out of the building first.
This announcement vraa so different
from the plras for more money made b.v
other department heads that the Super
visors sat aghast tor several minutes.
Finally Mr. Bipgy silently withdrew and
the City Fathers regained their equanim-
The afternoon session was taken up by
addresses from tho rrr.r» K entatives *ot
several improvement clubs on tb» Win
ject of new sewers, etc. The United
States entrine«r at the Presidio called at
tention to the fact that the Government
twenty years ago gave certain land u
the city on condition that Lyon street be
extended from Pacific street to the bay.
This extension has not been completed
and the information was given that the
grant might be recalled unless the Super
visors took Bontfe steps to finish the street.
Complaint was also marie about a stag
nant" pond on the reservation formed by
an unauthorized opening of an outlet to
the Baker street sewer.
The afternoon session closed with a long
drawn out dispute over the failure of the
Finance Committee to report a tax levy.
It was finally determined that the Fi
nance Committee should prepare a sched
ule to present to the Supervisors next
Monday morning.
A Grand Church Concert.
A grand concert will be given in Cal-
ADVERTISEMENTS. >
1128 Market Street.
■■' CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS. ;
AA/E Vl/ILL " LOUD TALKERS
buy back ■ :/;••■ : ;■;■:;■ ;;.-;;are;;;:V' - 1 ■.'
. and pay you a profit for, any price and oijalitv'
drugs or chemicals purchased at • FR « CE - an ,?,.? tJfl . L 'T Yl
■ our stores that are not strictly . ; : r
pure and first-class In every Palne's Celery. Compound.... OOc
particular. , - '■ Cutlcura Toilet 50ap.;.:... .:.;-.. .;;:.... .15c
; ..,.». .. err :i-.--.- .: , Cuticura Salve .....'.....;..... .....40c
\A/E F»AV --• • ~ . " Carter's Dyspepsia Tab1et5..;. ...... 4Oc
THE; FREIGHT Carter's Lithia Tablets..'.....;. :;.-.. 25c j
; On all five-dollar orders 5 within I Thompson's • Dandelion' and * Celery Tonic
100 miles, if money accompanies | : ..........•.."...."...;...".....:...... .....6Oc,
I the order. " -.. ." " - ' I Carter's ;Cascara. Compound.;..;....'.... 2sc
■•J's''-- ■ '- '" ■ ' '.".'* I Phosphate of Soda, 1-lb. b0xe5...;...;". ".25c
CQI-D ! CREAM- .. j cream of Tartar, 1-lb. boxes .;.;. 50c '
■. A ,i S i V ? flLl n. ; , .' : : • \ Boric J Acid.{l : lb.;hoxes:i;.t.T;........:.4Oc
- money item to our. lady friends,' i ; supar '.'."of Milk,' , l-1b. \ b0xe5. . ....;.. . . . .". 35c
:-.; but a ? great toilet ; requisite. We Allcock's Porous 'Plasters... /....10c
have the "knack" Of making it | Allcock's Com : Plasters .....15c
■; correct— 2sc. \ ; ! Belladonna Plasters (3 for 23c) :..'..;.... lO<>
¥=.r->i 'inRE ; DE ;i ßiz ; ' ; - ! f Imperial HaJr;*>ye.^.-r.:y:V.-. : :-:-r.;l-;.*:r:$l"^5.'
»v*Vptte°- Kljt ..--: ; : • -Baker's Honduras -Sarsaparllla. .■...:...; 7sc
• * V.rr* ■■■ - ./.-.-. " • . .. - ' Mrs. Allen's Female Restorer. . ■,;...;.... 70c ■
: : our; If est y~ importation -v from Kind's New i Discovery;.'. ■.V.:r....'...;.'.;40c';
..' Paris; < an • excellent face powder. I Ssrup of :F: FI f? ; • ";• • %UuV V : "'' ' : -V: • •'• •• • 35c 5
- p ri oc 0 • -< I Allen's Pure Malt .Whi5ky......;..V...v.55 c
. nnete t uoc. . . •-" •■--.■■-■ j Old Herrnlta e Whi5ky.;. ......... ;...:;; 75c >
LESLEY'S ■ '■'-•■■■'■■■ ■ ''■ ' barter 1 k Pills ..:.......... ..........r.-..v.15c
TALcuM;powDER 7 y | 'Sf s "-"'?:;;;z":"'"""'""'""2"e
: •'■■':~-': price 10c, three - for 25c ig a ; bet- ; Pond's \ '".'.'. '.'.'.'. '.'.'.'. '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. i
-.- tcr article than others at higher Baker's witch Hazel.; pint b0tt1e.; ...;.-.23c i
„_,„„„ • Baker's; Witch* 'Hasel,-« quart i bottle. .;. 50c;
-..prices. , - ■ • -■ v I Baker's Witch Hazel, l half gallon 7n c
.GRECIAN - '•■ . ! Baker's Witch Hazel, one gallon $1.25
JV : VIOCETTE ' ■'- uWe-ffudrantes^ Baker's ;■ ■ Vn"":"
.-■..-/W '.  EXTRACT-  r . WI-ch-Hnzel to bs o b-tter' • • '■■■'rJfiukV'y
' s \ 'Roynarit'Co;, *" article 'thatiV the 'iWitch- /^%f%" '
4VIOLETTE .:, '; We bottled by the Pond ."'j^*?s!k?™-'-
E-"XXRMCT— >Vich-Hnzeltobsab'tter Jfig*
Reynal dfc Co., article than the Witch- '£&$»
F»arJs— * H-r-1 bottled by the Pond _*&&&? A
s»^??S^--- 1 oz -' 85c; 2 oz, $1 50; , Extract Co , and the price V^/. : :
'-; '•-i^SSJTfpr ' 4 oz, $3 00 ..bottle.: ■ iis 75 per cent less.' 4 fyjfir '
It meant a Elide down the height of six
Etories, and Belcher grasped the ropes
that had been unfastened at the top. He
had no sooner put his weight on the falls
than the ropes gave way, and down be
went through the elevator shaft. The
heavy blocks at the top rattled over the
beam and went tumbling after him, strik
ing first one side then the other of tne
shaft as they flew through space. Belcher
still clung to the rope, and he had fallen
the distance of nearly five stories when
one of the blocks that went rattling after
him jammed in a crevice of the pillars
that surround the partially completed
shaft, and the ropes to which the tailing
man clung with the desperation of death
brought up with a sudden jerk.
Belcher by that time was about oppo
site the floor of the second story, and the
sudden jar tore him from his hold on the
ropes, but it broke the force of his fall.
The falling man was then about thirty
feet from the bottom of the elevator
shaft, and through that space he went
tumbling and turning as he fell, narrowly
missing striking a maze of planks that
were in use as staging for a number of
workmen, and landed on the bottom in a
heap.
The fellow-employes of Belcher who
saw the young man start on his fall from
the top floor of the building immediately
gave the alarm, and they went rushing
down the stairway, expecting to gather
up the mangled remains and prepare them
for the inspection of the Coroner and his
deputies. It took them some time to get
to the bottom of the stairway, but no
trace of a bleeding and battered body
could they find.
Before the fellow-employes of the lather
had reached the bottom of the long stair
way Belcher had crawled out of the bot
tom of the elevator shaft and. brushing
.some of the dust from his clothing. ■ "3
walked away, and a few minutes later his
friends found him in his favorite restau
rant, with a lump or two over on^-of hi 3
eyes, but ordering a dinner that any well
man might envy.
vary Preshyterian Church on Tuesday
evening next, in which the leading mem
bers of the well-known church's choir
will appear. This will be the last ap
pearance of Mrs. Priest-Fine, whose
splendid voice has been heard so often to
| advantage, as she leaves for the East.
| The following programme has been spe
cially arranged for the occasion: Cello
solo (Lindner), Adolph W. Lada; song.
(Macheroni), Herbert Williams; violin
solo (Frank Ries), Hother Wismer; songs
(Foote and Old Scotch), Miss Beresford
Joy; cello (Chopin and Pierne),
Adolph W. L,ada; songs (Grieg, Henschel
and Bemberg), Mrs. Priest-Fine; violin,
(E. Sauret), Hother AVismer; "Notting
ham Hunt" (Fred Field Bullard), Walter
C. Campbell.
An Early Morning Brawl.
John Colon, a fisherman, was arrested
at an early hour yesterday morning on a
charge of assault to murder. He was ac
costed at Fourth and Folsom streets by
Georpe W. Kirchner, 134 Perry street, who
wanted to know where Seventh street
was. Colon walked along with him, and
they got Into a discussion, ending in
Kirchner hitting Colon on the jaw. Colon
pulled a revolver out of his pocket and
llred a. shot at Kirchner, the bullet miss
ing him.
ADVEBTISEME-tfTS. ,_„__
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® © ©
©• -"' ■ *-' ; ' "i ■'.'.■■ . .- :'-\ *■' I "-'.-'• ■■©■
% . DRY GOODS COMPANY. ®
i s
5 Housekeeping Department. 5
® : : :,.: '•'.". ; .; :y .••' — : ' '. . ;. "' •" ©
® (9)
® During the past week we received and have now on sale a direct impor- i?
® tation of Genuine Irish Table Linen— -either by the yard or in cloths, with ©
® napkins to match, at wholesale prices. ' ..•■•• .... ©
®. Also a . choice line of patterns of the celebrated . . • ®
I JOHN S. BROWN & SON'S TABLE CLOTHS, I
® In Sizes 10-10, 10-12 and 10-14, ®
® Either With or Without Napkins. @
® Any one thinking of purchasing fine linens should' not miss this opportunity." ®
® ®
©: ■•-..". . ■ . ; ■ "... •.-.. . • ■■-. . . - ■•■" ." ■.'■':. ' -■ ®
I A Special Bny of White Marseilles Bedspreads. §■
® 130 11-4 full size at.... v .:.. ....... .......... $1.50, value $2.25 ®
® 175 11-4 full size at/. ..Y. $2.25, value $3.00 %
® 143 11-4 full size at/. ......:........ . $2.75, value $3.65 ©
®.. . . ®
I FLANNELS. f
® Our stock of .Flannels for the fall- season just received, comprising full ®
® ' lines of Striped - and Plaid Jerseys; 36-inch Plain, Ripple and Doable-Pace ' ® '
® Eiderdown ; . Striped . and . Plaid Scotch Flannels ; Beautiful Designs in Imported ®
| French Flannels. _________ %
1 1 COMFORTERS. ,'l
® Over 40 cases' just opened in figured silkoline, sateens, etc., with fine ?
® white cotton filling, very light but warm. Prices from $1.25 to $3.50. ;®
®* ■ - TT — ~~~ ~" "'''*-:" ''-' *" r "" r '.®i
I:> EIDERDOWNS. : I
® illmJH itsJsj yy l^j o» ®
® WE MAKE THIS ONE OF OUR STRONQ LINES, , .. ®.J
Fine Down Comforters in figured sateen from ........ .... . $5.00 up ?
® Fine Silk and Sateen, figured — special; '. .$lO.OO each ®
®. Figured Silk both sides— confined • 5ty1e5 ............' $12.50 up • ®
® ■ . ■■'■•.■■.■■.::.'. .■:•..■■ ■ . - -. . ■ • q
® V . Plain Silk and Satin combinations at the lowest prices.
® • - o '■'"■• • '- ■"':'■'-'. . •.■.'.' ■ Sslil ©
9 COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. ©
\ ® .CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
| CITY CF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 1
® / S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. ®
® .; UNION SQUARE. ), ' . ,'" >%} ®
® »
S)©©®©®®®©®®®®®®®©©®®®©© © © © ©' © P '©.©.© ©"©©'.^ ©"
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
• are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused °
■ by strong drink. ■•,...
XV K OiCAKAJfTBE FOtR BOXES
to cure any case with a positive irrltton Ru«r>
an»f« or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating liquors. -
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
. KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDfIMO nniutf eansesMiiuTy. Poverty ■
OlnUnO UmnAand Death. Upon receipt
01*10-00 we will mall you four [4] boxes and posi- ;
tive written {ji«i»r:»nter> to cure or rotund
iourmonor. v :Sln<?'«» >»■"' «i no. •
■ GEORGE DAHLBKXDER & CO., Sole Agts.,
214 Kearny St., San , Francisco. .
~@ visit DR. JORDAN'S <>«•*
lO^a Museum .of Anai® iriy
|Mf|lL 1051 UASZET CT. tat. 6to ft 7th, S. F. C»L
a jj& M The Largest of i«8 kind in tb« World.
I J»iA DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ImvVH: \>--'- ; Connnlta'.ton free. Write for Bock
\\ I Phifosopky of Marriage.
A a HAILED FRCC.
"DISTTCIJI7C FOR barbers, bak-
Dfl LJ IT. Pi kJ : «■»• bootblacks, bath-
rr M 'r:rf.rr.^T'^T m r. houses, billiard tables.
■ brewers,' bookbinders, candy- makers, «\nners,
dyers. flourmills,:' foundries, laundries, paper-
hangrers, printers, : painters, shoe "factories,
stablemen, tnr-roofers.' tanners. : tailors, etc.",:;;
- . BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
A young gentleman, whose character is above reproach, promi-
nent in the religious circles of a Pennsylvania village, an exhorter of
the M. E. Society there, Secretary of the Quarterly Conference, and
at one time President of the Christian Endeavor Society, has long
been a user of Ripans Tabules, and says of them : " They keep my
bowels open, they do not gripe, they do not purge, and I do not have
bad pains in my stomach any more, which I had, with dyspepsia and
constipation, for years — in fact, up to about three days after I began
taking the Tabules. There used to be some kinds of food my stomach
would sicken on — pork, for instance. I could not eat it without having
a distressed feeling. Now everything goes down, pork and^greasjr
food, that used to make me sick to think of. I always have a few of
the Tabules in my pocket for use if occasion arises."
Subscribers camping at localities along
the line ; of railroads where there are : no
postal facilities can have The Call thrown
off at their camp by sending name and lo-
cation of camp to r The CaU Subscription
Department. . .
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco. '
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
• Grandest : scenery. • The hotel an enchanting
embowered : home. • Bath house - rebuilt. - elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc. : '.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATH 3.
■ Tepid Swimming ; Lake. Long-distance ; Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc • Table .unsurpassed. .
Terms. $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 60 per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
p Tr REST and HEALTH
ORGHARDSPRINGS
Inthefootnills Sierra nearColfai, onC.f.R.K,
Plain, qniet retreat, finest icenerr, xnttr, monnUin air,
■"' fruit, ted all the rear around climate Id California.
IdralgroundiandiutTOiiodlnct. On K. R., 131 mlln from San Fram.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Bo«klcU
Address: Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Gal. i .
IdrTmcnulty7
fI^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A SpecUllstcure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'm' experience. '
Patients curedatllome. Terms rea^oiiftb!*. Hours*
to3daily; 6:30 to 8:30 Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. address
I>r. P. KOBCOE M cSULTY;
26' 2 ' Kearny St.,. San Francisco, Cal.
1112
fAN I RANC'SCO CALL
BUSINESS OFFICE of the S«n Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 1" o'clock every nU-ht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS— S27 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 3:30 o'clock.
3»7 Hayes street; open until 5:30 o'clock.
Ml McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until »:S0 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner iflxtesntta; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
26r6 IfiMlon Ftr«:*t; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. co-ner of Twenty-second ar.d Kentucky
streets; open until v o'clock.
CHVRCH NOTICES. .
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. . Central
block, 223 Sutter st., between Kearny and
Grant Christian Science Bible lessons,
11 a. m. and 7:4 i p. m. Subject, morning.
"Realty"; evening "The Children of Israel
Depart From the True God to Serve Idols."
i Lay-school for children, 11 a. m. Testi-
monial meeting Wednesday evening at i
o'clock. All are welcome. . :
6IMPBON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan streets.
Rev. John Stephens, pastor. Residence. 309
Halght st.— Preaching fit 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Rev. Seneca Jones will preach at 11
a. m. and Rev. Chaplain Lozier at 7:45 p. m.
Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m. C B. Parkins,
rintendent. Epworth League meeting at-
6.M p. m. Prayer meeting, Wednesday oven-
Ing at 7:45 p. m. The public cordially Invited
to all the services ol this church. Seats free.
Ushers In attendance.
FIRST Presbyterlnn Church, corner Van Ness,
avenue and Sacramento st. Rev. R. Macken-
zie. D.D., pastor. Rev. E. EL Jenks, co-
pa»tor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. in and 7:45 p. in. Sunday-school at 12:46
p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 p. m.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Pow-
ell and Geary sts.. Rev. John Hemphill,
D.D., pastor.— Services ' at 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. In the evening the Rev. T. De Witt
Talmage will preach. Music morning— "Te
Deum" (Festival). Dudley Buck; offertory,
"The Distant Lund." F. Cowen; soprano
solo, Mrs. Priest-Fine. Music, evening— "Ju-
bilate Deo" (a), Wels; offertory. "The Lord
Is mindful of his own." from oratorio "St.
Paul;" alto solo, Miss Beresford Joy. All are
cordially Invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church corner of
Post st., near Webster.— Services to-day at
11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Sunday-school at
9:30 a. m Rev. F. B. Cherlngton, D.D., pas-
. tor, will preach morning and evening. Morn-
ing subject: "Thy Kingdom Come." Third
in series on the Lord's prayer. Evening sub-
ject: "As the Apple of His Eye." The pub-
lic cordially Invited.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.
CRAMER, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m.;
subject, "Faith; Self-evidence.' Services
every Sunday in Yosemlte Hall, N. S. G. W.
building. Mason st, between Post and Geary.
Take elevator.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post it— Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Organized In 1830 In fulfillment of prophecy.
A proclamation of the Gospel. "This Gospel
of the kingdom shall be preached In all the
world as a witness, and then shall the end
come." Strangers Invited. All welcome. C.
A. Parkin, pastor. ...
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
sts.— Grand union temperance mass meeting
this afternoon at 3 o'clock. Address by Rev.
E. S. Chapman, D.D., State superintendent
of the Anti-Saloon League. Subject: "Loy-
alty to the American Flag." Service open
to both men and women. All are Invited.
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD— Lodge No. 7.
(Theosophical Society in America.)
(International Brotherhood Leacue.)
819 Market Ft— Lecture to-night. "The Re-
incarnating Self." Mrs. S. A. Harris; Tues-
day night. "The Occult Arts";- Saturday
night. "The Dawn of a New Day."
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public Lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock in Fra-
ternal Hall. Odd Fellows' building. To-night,
"Mohammedanism," by Mrs. Barbour. Lotus
circle for children at 2:30 p. m. Lodge meet-
Ings every Wed__day at 8 p. m.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
THE Mission Prog. Lyceum entertainment and
dance next Friday evening. September 23, Ex-
celsior Hall, Mission st , between Nineteenth
and Twentieth. Admission 10 cents.
AT Dr. Rines' 'Spiritual Society. 909 Market St.;
11. free; 2-8. 10c; Mrs. Barclay, Katie Heuss-
mann. Vipers, Gllllngham. Doctor, 261 Arling-
ton st., 10 to 4 p. m.
MADAME MONTAGUE holds meetings at Oc-
cidental Hall. 305 Larkln St.. San Francisco,
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock; no further
notice.
OAKLAND Psychical Society meets In Frater-
nal Hall, Washington st., at 8 p. m. ; Mme.
Florence- Montague will occupy the platform.
TEST meeting at 8 p. m. ; Mrs. Eberhardt. Mr.
H. Harstrave; Excelsior Hall. Mission st, be-
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth; 10c.
MRS. F. A. LOGAN'S free spiritual circle of
harmony resumed: 1 p. m. ; Occidental Hail,
Larkln and McAllister sts.
rEST meeting: 2 and 8 p. m. ; 10c; 335 McAllis-
ter; Stitt, Nita, Mrs. Bird, Margrave, others.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c; 605 McAllister, st come skeptics.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN has moved to 120 Mc-
Allister st.; flat No. 1: sittings dally. |
KATIE HEUSSM ANN'S sittings daily, $1; clr-
c!e Friday evenings, 25c. 841 Jessie st.
MRS. D. M. COLBY, 1041H Valencia st.; sit-
tings daily; circles Tuesday evenings.
LEANDER— circle to-night; every one gets
a test. 313 Ed St.; sittings dally, $1.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, seance, Sunday evening
only, 204 Post st, upper floor, &oc.
TKST meeting to-night; 997 Market; :"rs. Jen-
nie Robinson and others: tree. ■ ■
MEETING NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO Consistory No. Lltll-j]
I—Officers1 — Officers and members will as-
semble at the Temple THIS m 'Wll ■
(SUNDAY) AFTERNOON. Sop- JMfISSf-FT?!
temb€r 18, at 1 o'clock, to at- ! SP--fSSjJSS!M|
tend the funeral of brother JO- »i 53 *■ i
SEPH F. COX. JfflaL,
GEO. J. MORE, Secretary- «M»
BAN FRANCISCO Hive No. 8, L. O. L. M., i
meets every FRIDAY EVENING, at Stan- '
fon! Hall. Alcazar building. i
SPECIAL NOTICES.
UY wife. BLANCHE A. THOMAS, ha vTng left
my bed ■ and • board, I will not hereafter be
responsible for any debts contracted b'- her.
DAVID J. THOMAS.
DR. E. J. WILLIAMS has removed to 967
Mission st.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. }1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d St.
. BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections matl«:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41?, Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 6580. .
' DIVIDEND NOTICES.
bVvi"bENb""notlce.^DTvlld^d"'''"N ; o.' 1 "r» (fifty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, September 20, 1898. Transfer
books will close jon Wednesday, September
14, IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS ANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS waitress and parlormaid; 2
years' reference, American family; French |
nurses and second girls; first-class American
cooks; German cook, 4 years' references; !
chambermaids and seamstresses and girls of j
any nationality. Call at LEON ANDRE'S,
"Hi Stockton st.
ft'ANTED — By. Protestant woman, cooking and
housework In private family. Call .25 Hyde, j
DRESSMAKER from East, first-class fitter, !
wants work in families; references. Address !
Dressmaker, 1311 Larkln st.
SITUATION wanted by a young German
woman to do general housework: Is a good
. cook and seamstress. Apply 6448 Natoma '
St.; wages {20 to $25. ■ ■ *.
WANTED— By a capable young - lady who
boards, some kind of light work to employ
her through the day. Box 1116, Call office.
ANTED— By a capable young lady a posl-
»'on as companion, or to assist with light
duties in a refined home. Box 1113. Call office.
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work ' for $1 25 ' per
day or take work home. 1337 Market St.,
near Seventh. >.; >
WORKING housekeeper desires position In
small family; nice cook; cooking- and house-
work: no washing: wages $12 to $15; best of
references. Box 1280. Call office.
IN Intelligent young ■ oman will asslnt in ex-
change for quiet home In nice fa. .illy; refer-
ences. Box 12SI. Call office.
EASTERN lady desires position as housekeeper
for hotel or private family: or cooking; no
objection to children. Box I*7, Call office.
DRESSMAKER; flrst-claes, stylish and experi-
enced; engagements in families. 322 O'Far-
rell Ft. .-..'. ■ ■ - ■:.■ : . '-..■ .'• ■■.; . ■ :
DRESSMAKER wants engagements by. the
day ..In -families; will take, work Jit home;
tailor made. *klrt-a specialty; reasonable;
rclerences. 232 Hyde St. a. E. DW YER. .
ANTED— Position as saleslady; ,6 1 years' - ex-
perience; best of references. Box 1290, Call.
If ANTED— competent young- lady, . position
as bookkeeper. or cashier: 6 years', experience;
best of references '? Box 1289, Call office. ; ,
BRIGHT girl, 16, desires position in store or
factory; references; < Box 1292, Call office, j
tJEAT. reliable American woman wishes posi-
tion a» housekeeper in r .- small r family; good
cook; 'good* reference;, no postal*. ' C. 8., 127
Turk et.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
LADY would like a baby or child to board:
cheap, mother's care given. Call or address
746 Howard st
MI'.KSSMAKKK, good cutter and fitter, would
like a few more engagements by the day or
would take work home. 1403 Polk st.
NORTH U-rman nurse desires situation; care
of children, assist with children, plain sew-
ing; city or country; references; speaks Ger-
man correctly. Address box 607, Cai. office.
lilitiPE* 'TABLE middle-aged woman wishes to
do housework In a private family: wages
mederate. Address box 608, Call office.
AN Eastern woman; le a first-class cook; will
do some washing: willing and obliging: good
referencos; woula go a short distance in the
country. 2W Fifth M.
YOUNG girl wishes situation at upstairs work.
Call at 133 Russ st.
HARRIED woman would like a place to work
in hotel or lodglns-house as chambermaid or
help In kitchen. 504 Second et.
LADY stenographer and typewriter wishes po-
sition: can carry on Spanish correspondence.
Box «o<>. Call office.
WANTED— Washing. Ironing or housecleanins;
for Mondays or Thursdays; beet of reference.
MRS. M. K. J.. 20 Minna st
YOUNG woman wishes wnrk by the day, week
or month; net afraid of work. Call at 136V4
Towneend st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress would like position In
hctel or restaurant. Address M. R., box 615,
Call olflce.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes to go out by
the day; $1 60. 43 Van Ness aye.
STRONG competent young woman wishes place
to do cocking or housework; 2 years' refer-
ence from lazt place; willing to go in coun-
try. 405 Gough st, near Hayes.
RESPECTABLE widow wants work by the
day: any kind of work. 35& Linden aye.
NEAT girl wishes situation to do housework In
the city. MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay et. ;
telephone Main 5548.
GIRL, 14. wishes position to take care of
children or light housework. 84 Moss st.
SEAMSTRESS will take work home or go In
family; 75c per day. 274S Harrison M_ nr. 24th.
NEAT German young woman wants any kind
of work by the day or half day. 2325 Mission
st, near Twentieth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants housework in
small family; $15 or $20 per month; In city.
Address box 1126. Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl of experience wishes a
situation; city or country- Address R. X.,
box 2, Call office, Oakland.
TOUNG girl wishes a situation at upstairs
work. Call at 133 Rues st.
YOUNG lady, competent stenographer, type-
writer, understands bookkeeping, desires po-
sition: falary $5 per week: experienced; ref-
trences. Box 652, Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing. Ironing or house cleaning. Address j
741 Minna t_ J
NEAT reflned young lady wisires position as
copyist or office assistant. Address P. O.
box 19. Pleasanton, Cal.
CAPABLE Swedish woman wants »ny kind of
housework by the <"\y. Box 992. Call office.
MAN and wife wish situations in city or coun-
try; man to work on ranch, wife to cook.
Box 1258. Call office.
WANTED— By competent person a position to
nurse or aa companion to eluerly lady; can
take charge of children and will furnish good
references. Box 1246. Call office.
NEAT reliable m!ddle-a«ed lady wishes Posi-
tion as working housekeeper; wages $12 to
$15; references exchanged. Address House-
keeper. 872 Broadway. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
In small family; good cook; willing &Jid oblig-
ing: good city references. Box 1235, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay »t.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 54.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
BOY 17 years of age wishes position of any
kind; city or country. Address Charles, 83iV»
Harrison St., city.
COOK and wife wish situations; steady and re-
liable: city or country. Address W. A.
JONES. 802 Montgomery st
SWEDE wants a situation In a private piace
as gardener and coachman; le a first-class
milker; first-class reference. Box 1113, Call.
BARBER, first-class workman, engaged In so-
liciting during the day, wants a position to
work evenings Saturdays and Sundays;
steady. Address Barber, box 1294. Call office.
DRIVER — Young man who knows city well,
wishes position; low wages; references. Box
_609, Calfofflce :
YOUNG man, several years experience In gro-
cery, wishes steady position: best of letters
and references. Box 605, Call office.
X'PHOLSTERER, German young man. wants
situation. 665 Mission st.
YOUNG man desires position around private
house: understands the care of horses and
garden. Box 604. Call office.
STEADY sober strong man wishes position In
hotel or institution; handy with anything,
especially woodwork. 511 Folaom st.
JOB printer, first class, reliable, with experi-
ence In managing large offices, desires p^h I -
tlon, city or country, at fair salary. Address.
MARK WEST, Oakland, Cal.
BARTENDER wants situation; best of refer-
ences; low wages. Address box 617. Call.
TOUNG man. 28. flrßt-class education, neat
appearance, speaking fluently and writing
German, Spanish and English, S years' ex-
perience as shipping clerk and In general
office work In South America, wants position
In some business house. Box 593. Call.
WANTED — By a sober young man. well ac-
quainted with horues, a position as driver of
delivery or milk wagon; Is well acaualnted
with streets- best references. Address WIL-
LIAM KAKSTADT. 215 Parnassus aye.. near
btanyan st.
YOUNG man of 20 with good education and
neat appearance who speaks fluently and
writes German. French and English, wishes
position of any kind; 2 years' experience in
dry goods business. Box 1124, Call office.
WANTED — By a sober young married man, a
position as fireman or general utility man;
understands electricity and engineering; best
references. Address C. J. AUGUST POPE.
215 Pnrnassus aye.
MIDDLE-AGED man. sober, reliable: good
hostler,, driver, milk or do general work about
place or garden; wants position; rood refer-
ences; reasonable. Box 1273. Call office.
RELIABLE Chinaman, excellent cook, wishes
a situation; has very good references; willing
and obliging. Address box 1130, Call office.
WANTED — By man and wife, position; city or
country; best references. Box 054, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants to learn me-
chanics' trade. 23 l t Sixth St., room 12.
BUTCHER wishes work In butcher shop or ho-
tel: steady work more object. Address box
1117, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as yachtkeeper by a thor-
ough navigator. Box 1260, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class general
machinist: good engineer. Box 12S(. Call.
A BELTMAN with good references wants a
situation In any kind of a factory for belt-
men, and can do any other work besides. Ad-
dress Box 1234, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to %i
week: convenient and respectable: free bui
snd bagfrage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
TWO laundresses, private family and hotel,
$20 and $25: 2 Protestant second girls, a short
distance. $20, see ladles here Monday; Ger-
man working housekeeper, small hotel, $2Tj,
and others. J. F. CROSETT CO.. 316 Butter.
NEAT young woman to cook on ranch, San
County, yiO; 2 waitresses. Harne coun-
try hotel. *20 and found. MURRAY &.
READY, 634-C36 Clay St.
TEACHERS— 2S wanted now. Union Teachers'
Agencies. Washington, D. C.
LADIES to make sample patches at home; $10
per week; no canvassing. Send reply en-
velope for feample and particulars. Foster
Machine Co.. 525 West 29th ■_, New York.
OPERATORS wanted on overalls. 33 Battery
st. ; upstairs.
YOUNG rlrl to care for 2 children during day;
sleep at home; $7. 1917 Webster et.
GIRL for general housework; call Monday.
1420 Oruve ft. near Baker.
GIRL of 15 to assist with light housework: no
washing; reference; wages $6: call between
1 and 4. 1002 Stockton st.
WANTED— Finishers on custom-made coats'
good wages; steady work. 409 Clementina st.
EXPERIENCED finishers to put HnlngiTln
ladles' talWr jackets. A. KAHN. 142 Geary
WAIST hands, apprentice and girl to exchange
work for home. 909 Post st. Monday, 8 a. m.
YOUNG rlrl to apprentice in millinery store
Apply 241 Powell st.
GIRL to assist with general housework; rood
home; wares $10. Sl6 Halrht st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework Ad-
ply at 1816H jrflsslon st, near Ninth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, Swedish or GermanT
for light housework. Call Monday, 2113 Geary.
NEAT person can have room In exchanreTfor
2 hours' work dally. Box 812, Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER IS, 1898.
lIF.L. 'WANTED— Continued.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
376 Ban Jose aye.
WANTED— Suit saleslady; also cloak sales-
man. Box 618, Call office.
APPRENTICE for hair work wanted at G.
LgPJERER'S. 11l Stockton st.
TAILOHESS wanted to work on pants; custom
work. 803 Montgomery st. : third floor.
LIMITED number taught hammock making,
$1; money made. SOT Market; o lice, 20H.
DRESSMAKERS and those interested In dress-
making are invited to call and see our school;
learn the celebrated McDowell system of
dresscuttlng, late Improvement; stylish dress-
making and millinery thoroughly taught; the
McDowell Is the most successful school weet
of Chicago; this is the school that received
ail the gold medals and fliplomas; easy pay-
ments; unlimited lessons; patterns cut 25c
up. the McDowell dressmaking and
MILLINERY SCHOOL, 103 Post et.
GERMAN girl wanted to do upstairs work
and wait at table; wages $20. Call at 2217
Sacramento St., near Laguna; call In mom-
ing.
YOUNG girl for general housework; small
family. 1475 Twenty-seventh aye., Frultvale,
near station.
GIRL fur general housework. SO6 Laurel St.,
between Sacramento and Clay.
OPERATORS on gents' white shirts. K5 Va-
lencia st.
LEARN dressmaking and tailoring at KEIS
TBR'SI patterns to order. 118 McAllister st
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machine* on flannel shlrtsat GREENE-
BAUM. WKIL & MICHEL'S. 5.11 Mission st
TWO young ladles to introduce fcgry Auto-
graphic Sales Registers among down towa
merchants. PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay st.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshirts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 3oVi Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 10* Host.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
GERMAN cook, plain hotel, $40 and found;
chief cook, • .country hotel, $50 and found;
waiters, city and country hotels, $25 and
found; arm waiter, plain country hotel, $30
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay Bt.
BEAN PULLERS
For a large bean ranch, 10 men or strong
boys, no experience necessary to pull beans,
$26 and found; milker, $25 and found; hay
balers, 17c per ton; ranch teamsters: farm
! hands; choremen, etc. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. . ■ -*>
WANTED— Crosscut sawyer, $30 and found; 50
laborers for railroad work, $1 75 a day; .20
teamsters, same work, <20 and .found; labor-
ers for the mines, $1 60 to $2 50 a day; drillers,
$2 60 a day: muckers, $1 75 a day; laborers
and teamsters, city and country work; wood- |
choppers, tlemakers; men to make posts. j
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
READ the San Francisco Dally Evening Re-
port for the Employment Agents' afternoon
advertisements. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife, . $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GANG of laborers and teamsters for the Coast I
road Free fare
25 2 and 4 horse teamsters and 25 laborers |
for the new mountain railroad
10 2-hor«e teamsters, $25 and board.. free fare
5 swampers. $35 and board; 10 laborers, same
place. $26 and board : ••
10 mill hands, sawmill, north, $26 and board,
see boss here '.
5 tunnelmcn. near city, $2 10 a day......:...
7 drillers for quarry work, $1 26 and board..
3 laborers for a salt works, near city, $1 25 a
day and board
3 coopers, piece work, see boss here
4 furnace men for a mine. $2 a day
10 laborers for a mine, no experience re-
quired, steady work, $1 60 to $2 50 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HARNESS maker for a railroad camp, $1 25 a
day and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. •
COOK, country hotel, $70; baker, same place,
$85; baker, hotel,' north, $40; French broiler,
$50; assistant cook, hotel, who can open oys-
ters, $35; third cook, miners' • hotel, $30; waiter
for a mine, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
2 GREEN hands for a ship. HERMAN'S, .26
Steuart St.
PERMANENT engagement offered smart lad in
broker's office; progressive salary and com-
mission; terms given; premium required. Ad-
dress in own writing, stating age, box 1272,
Call .office.
COMPETENT man accustomed to keeping cost
accounts in manufacturing concern; state ex-
perience, references and wages expected. Ap-
ply R. X.. box 1277, Call office.
WANTED— Jack Melvln, at the Woodland
Steam Laundry, Woodland, Cal. .' £
BOY to learn printing: also boy with some ex-
perience; Monday morning. Office, 506 Market.
WANTED — A competent engineer. Box 683,
Call office. . •;-■.■. ' ;
GOOD waiter wanted at Berlin Restaurant, 249
Fourth st.
TWO carpenters to-day at 7:30. HILLS &
FISHER, 900 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper, 1540 Market . St.,
Ve-ndome saloon. Call between 1 and 3.
FIRST waiter wanted. 26-28 Turk st.
MAN and wife, look after place In country:
good home. 311 Taylor st.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Mont-
gomery st., > third floor; convenient. iSXS.i
COMEDIAN to work on street with medicine
man. Apply 60 Third St., room 19,, city. •
WANTED— Good general Job printer. McNEIL
BROTHERS. San Jose. Cal.
— Competent man accustomed to
keeping : cost accounts In a manufacturing
concern: state experience, references and
wages expected. Address R. X., box 1277,
Call office.
WANTED— Errand boy for a store. Address,
giving age. reference and previous occupa-
tion, box 990, Call office.. 1
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps, United Status navy: able-bodied,
unmarried "men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have' legally declared
their Intention to become such; most be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English,- and be between 3
foet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal. ■ •.
BAnßEßS— Spedtl- auction Monday, Septem-
ber 19, 2 p. m.. at 1.104 Park st., Alameda, of
a modern, barber shop; investigate ' before
sale this chance of buying paying chop.
. _
MEN to learn barber ■ trade; easy : terms; or
trade guaranteed for. $15. . 1642 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver i House. . 217 Third : st. : • 150 . large .
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; < free employ-
m't H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. i Jessie 1104.
BARBERS' Ass'nFree Employment Office. 8.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn ; barber trade at San
! Francisco Barber College, 138% Eighth St.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
soling. 36c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
J. J. HEINZ. 630 Market st.. official employ-
: ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
SAILORS and ordinary ; seamen wanted at
( LANE'S, 604 Davis st. near Jackson. ;,■■■.-■; ,■■■.-■
SINGLE, furnished, fine.'' large, sunny and airy
, room, 25c night. .Rosedale -House, ■ 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market i St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week. . "
SAILORS, ordinary ; seamen. - carpenters, coast.
Australia, : Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 , Steuart.
WANTED— To collect < wares due laborers ' anil
> clerks. Knox Collection Agency," 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 11" night: 7V and $1
: week. Ltr.dell House.' Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER z HOUSE.;: 44 .Third st.. « near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading room;
free 'bus and !>ngrage to and from the ferry.
~ ; .AGENTS _ WAN TED; . .
LADY agents of ability wanted iln ' every town
and ; village -in I California, v Nevada: • Oregon
. and, Arizona; write, at once for particulars;
our goods :. sold :to every . family: our ■ agents
- have phenomenal success: .. handsome | income.
Address Manager, • care ; Postofflce t box ; 2489. :..»;
ONLY perfect vapor bath: latest patent: great-
est seller. R. M. IRWIN. Nashville; Term. fl
AGENTS to sell perfume; ■ new i plan. - LEFF-
-LKR ft RUSSELL. 323 .Tessi" St., S. F. '
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER . wanted " In : country ■ hotel, ■; county
■ pest; .■flr«t-e!a«!«. commercial- table :rnn . furni-
. : tore ■ to buy, half : stock,': about ' $500; 'will bear
' the closest Investigation. - Box 1282, Call. ■ ■•■.;. '-
WANTED— Partner; with $5000; in well-estab-
\ JlFhwi ■■■'■ commission -V business.' * EMMONS . &
"■ FMMONS. i 401 ■ Cla»H ' SnrecMes building. '" • /
• -,: : '■.-■-. f FlrtMTUßfcr WANTED. . ..-. ;• ;=; =
' CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, .• mer-
chandise: sold on commission: reasonable. E.
i COHN, auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM ? buys furniture and ¥ general '■ mer-
!•■ rhano'lue. 1057 Market st: t»V:J<»»<»l» S2.
' ROOMS i AND BOARD f WANTED. '.
BUSINESS man wants room and 2 ■ meals with ;
-, respectable parties; s permanent: ; best of refer-
. ences; state address and terms. ■ Box 1288.'
Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
THREE or four office rooms; ground floor; any
busy part of city. Box 1254, Call office.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. S23— Cottage 5 rooms
complete for housekeeping.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished or unfurnished modern
flat of about 7 rooms In Western Addition;
price and location. Box 1291, Call.
W ANTED— MISCELIjAA ICOL'S.
WANTED— Covered wagonette or other vehicle
that will carry 4 to C people. Answer, stating
price and where can be seen. Box 1256, Call.
SLOOP to carry 10 to 15 tons freight; good
order; state price. Address 29 East st.
WANTED— A first-class coffee roaster. Box
690. Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand horse power; state
size and price. Address box C4l, Call office.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodicals
bought. Send for KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus, second-hand. 109 Montgomery it.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION.!!
PROF. 11. ROMAINE.
The Oriental Seer,
LATE OF INDIA,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED
— in—
SA.N FRANCISCO.
The Recognized
LEADER OF HIS PROFESSION.
GREATEST LIVING EXPONENT '
— of—
THE OCCULT SCIENCES.
Prof. Romalne respectfully invites the most
critical investigation of an unbiased public. His
calling being far from the ordinary avocations
of men has often been the cause of a great deal
of unmerited censure at the hands of those
who have seen fit to class him with the un-
worthy members of his profession. Every pro-
fession has its Impostors, and It Is but fair to
investigate before forming an opinion.
"They Who Stand High
Have Many BlaHts to Shake Them."
Success often begets envy, and the public are
frequently prejudiced through misrepresenta-
tion. Professor Romalne has endeavored to
clothe his profession in honor and hold it
above the gulf of discredit Into which it has'
been cast by meaningless itinerants. His aim
has been to renno. develop and uplift it to
that degree of scientific accuracy that Its bene-
fits may devolve to the advancement of hu-
manity. He feels confident he can convince all
who call upon him of his ability and sincerity
of purpose. Through his remarkable develop-
ment of second sight and thorough knowledge
of the many r.ccult sciences peculiar to the
men of the Orient he Is enabled to unravel the
most complicated problems of life. He has been
the means of the satisfactory settlement of old
estates, has reunited the separated, brought
back truant husbands and wives, made enemies
fast friends, caused happy marriages and made
many l!vr-s happy.
Hours— lo a. m. to Bp. m.: Sundays— lo to 3.
Fees— sl and $2. Send stamp for special terms
to consult by letter. Offices
1206— MARKET STREET— I2O6,
Suite 104, First Floor.
(Cut this notice out and save for future ref-
erence; it appears to-day only.)
PROF. M. OMAR
THE OCCULT WONDER
325— EPDY 5T.— .125
ALWAYS PEE THE BEST.
LADIES $1 GENTLEMEN $2.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life: she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lo»t affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled property, locate*
treasures, minerals: tells your entire Uf«,
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
_CLARK. rms *R & 3«. 120s Market, opp tth
MME. PORTKh! wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight: diagnosps disease- full life reading; la.
50c; gents|l;palm. andclalr.sit.il 60. 126 Turk.
MILS. JEPSON tells past, present, future;
ladles 50c: gents $1. 775 Twenty-second st.,
between West and Brush. Oakland
MME. WALTERS, the great enrd reader: ladies
25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission St., near Sixth.
MMX. HANSON', palmist, card reader: past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, tb» best medium «nd card
reader; 2."> c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS B BAITMANN. the well-known fortune
telle--. has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell »t.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance testTmedTumT
life reader and medical clairvoyant; private
and chronic diseases cured with revealed
remedies: enncers removed without pain: let-
ters promptly answered; send stamp for re-
ply; sittings. II: diagnosis free. 232 Stockton,
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
lngs, |1: clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m. ; Mon., 8: 25c.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
Ings, $1; cir. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. ; M«n., 8; 23c.
C. V. MILLER'S etherlnllzlng, materializing
seance. It p. m.; 50c. 409 L»avenworth st.
MRP SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212 M. Sixth st.
M. F"HANCKS. Independent slate-writing rae-
dl»Rv m Halght nt.
HYPNOTISM
8. F. College Therapeutics, 305 Larkin at.,
open day and eve. for patients and pupils;
specially Interesting meeting Tuesday even-
ing, September 20. Seats free.
I'Ai.MI i.v i .
MRS. IRENE SMITH, teacher and reader scl-
entlflc palmistry: read. rt.Tlly. f.SI 12th, Oafclr 1 ..
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy. languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1832; catalogue.
AYREP' Business College, 723 Market St. : indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. B., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, mfiv
Ing, much, survey, assay, archlt.; ilay & eve.;
_est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PRIVATE academy of dancing. MISS JEAN
HUDDY. 8A Hyde st. ; waltzing a specialty.
MARCHESI'S vocal studio reopened. 811 Leav-
enworth. nr. Sutter; pri. tuition; voice cult.
SPANISH School— Dally lessons, $3 a month!
4 to 9 p. m. Room 10, Y. M. C. A. building.
PIANO and Germrn; pupil of Conservatory lti
Lelpsic: lesßons, 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Annls Montague Turner, vocal Instruc-
tions; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
H irs experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 EUis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
Classes; pri tuition. Mrs. Ehrmnn. 1234 Bush.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleanlnY~W^rltiß^Cleans7
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
?.& and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beattng Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 433
Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3e.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 840 Uth
Et. ; cleaning 3c yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-clean Ir.g Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel Main 394. GEO WOT.COM Proprietor.
typewriters!!
ALL type writers sold and rented: few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and t
_prlces. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Caligraph. |15; Yost. $16;
get sample work. SCOTT, S3S Montgomery.
/''.^^■^".^PERSOKALS.^; ''riS'-t'-ii
ACQUAINTANCE of respectable woman, unln-
; cumbered; object matrimony. . Rancher, gen-
eral delivery,:; city. " ■ : ;•-.»'- :.,
MARK NEUMAYER— write to your
; mother. . I -will be very, grateful to any one
sending my son's address. MRS. L. : NEL-
MAYER, New .Whatcom. Wash.
LEDERER' Quinonla ■ will improve your ■ hair
wonderfully. Q. LEDERER. . 111 Stockton , st.
LEDERER'S -hairdressers are famous for the
. exquisite manner in which they dress the
hair; 25c: only; hair restored to its natural
color. $1 50 up; good switches,' $1 finest, $3 50;
extra, $5; open Sunday. 9 to 12. G. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st. • - -, ,- '"-"'■•■',"'
WIVES! Mothers!
, Send self-addressed envelope and I'll tell
you : how •to ■* cure drunkenness without the
patient's knowledge; don't send 'money.
MRS. MAY HAWKINS.
Grand Rapids, Mich.; lock box 131. D.
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect weaver: 25c. GREATER WEST ADVER-
TISING AND NOVELTY CO., 1155% Wash-
ington st.,. Oakland, Cal.
BE your own boss; I'll start you in the mall
order ■ business , at home, . bringing you more
money than anything else in America. ; M. B.
YOUNG, 363 Henry St.. Brooklyn, N. Y. -
BISHOP McCABE says: "I never allow my-
self to be without Dr. James' Headache ■ Pow-
ders." v- They relieve instantly; 4 doses, 10c.
JAMES CO., East Brady. Pa.
FAT folks reduced E0 pounds in 2 months. Box
6984. Call office. - .
MARRY: Nat. Matrimonial Club; private list,
2c; many worth $30,000. Box 1551. Denver, Colo.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk : portieres; • dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain; at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
PHYSICIAN, ladies' specialist, will answer by
sealed mall any medical. questions; send 25c
and stamp. P. O. box 573, Oakland, Cal. "
TWO young ladies can procure good positions
•.to Introduce Egry Autographic Sal"* Reds-
tern among down town merchants. PERNAU
BROS.. Agents, 543 Clay st.
ELECTRIC llehts in every room: -Winchester
Home. 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $150 per night: $1 Bn , to $6 per week:
■ free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
II week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 JCearny.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women."
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MASU MIYAKAWA. Japanese contractor and
labor agent. 410 Krwrnv st. : »el. Green 19.
MATRIMONY.
riALL seeking marriage call or send 12c for Aug.
I marriage paper; sure success; no $5 fee. Ad-
dres3 Wedding Bell. 11l Ellis. San Franclwo.
DRESSMAKERS. V ?/
. ■ , - ■■ ■ . . .- . ■ ff-."f-
THE Keister ladles' tailor square Is the only
[ system ; governed by the same ' principles 'In
measurement and drafting ladles' garments
I as that used by tailors; special inducements
1 to agents. Keister Tailoring College, . 118 Mc-
Alllster st. . - -
! MISS GILLIGAN. dressmaking and cloak-
making school. 223 Grant aye.
! SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. -*
MMF. GOLDSTFTN— EIegant, «ty!lsh dresses. $$
up: <Ir*soe» made river, 3 Fdrtv St.. rm. 14-t5. •
HOUSES TO LET.
A — 2 ELEGANT 8-room houses • reduced from
$45 to $30 and $35. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry st.,
near Fourth; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to O. H. UMBSEN & CO. .
BRODERICK, 1515, near Sutter— 7 rooms, bath,
basement, laundry; sun in every room; yard;
water; $22. :. • ■
CASTRO. 547, corner Nineteenth— To let— fl
sunny rooms and bath.
ELEGANT house, large basement: front and
rear garden: rent reduced from $50 to $35. 813
McAllister st. - ■ -.
FLINN, SANDERSON & CO.,
• Real Estate and Investment Agents, j ,
23S Montgomery st.
Fine modern flats on Jones, Pine and other
streets at low rents. . '
Nice houses in the Western Addition— Jones,
Broadway. Pacific aye., Maple and Locust sts.;
also on Clay, above Van Ness aye., to rent,
all the way from $35 to 1125 per month.
Stores and lodging houses on Fourth St., and
offices and upper floors on Sansome, Bush and
Front sts. . ' - '
MODERN house: 1231 Jackson St., near Leav-
. en worth; 9 rooms and bath; rent $40. ;. ,. .- ;■'
TO — House of 7 rooms t and bath: large
yard, garden and fine marine view; rent rea-
sonable to a good tenant. Apply 1210 Jackson.
WASHINGTON, 926—7 rooms; bath; $25; qwn-
er's daughter to -live with family. •J. C.
■ WAGNER. 323 Grant aye. ■■ .
WE can rent you a house with or without a
! flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery St.- '
3 LODGE . rooms furnished, 927 Mission; 10-
room house, 2417 Sutter; 5-room cottage. 2405
Sutter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay st. .
5 ROOMS and bath; rent cheap. 27 Chatta-
nooga st.
6-ROOM house, Madison aye., near Harrison
and Fifth.; rent cheap. J. • McCANN, grocer.
$8—917% TREAT aye. — 6 . sunny rooms; large
yard. :
SELINA place, 4, off north side California
St., east of Stockton; 4 rooms and cellar; key
at No. 8. Apply to GEORGE H. BUCKING-
HAM. 415 Montgomery st. .
HOUSE of 6 rooms: grand view of bay. 3
Lawrence place, off Fremont, - near Harrison.
$25 — 2726 Mission, > 9 rooms and bath: ' modern
improvements: large - basement. :
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FLAT 3 sunny rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
, 118 San Jose aye.. near Twenty-fourth st. B3
TAYLOR. 311— Beautiful furnished flat, 4 rooms;
bath; piano; sunny.
4 ROOMS and bath; nicely furnished. ..- 5 Birch
aye., off Larkln st. opposlte_City Hall. -.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms. ; 1 ■ Adelaide - place, oft
: Taylor st., between Post and Geary; rent $12.
FOLSOM, 2326— Cottage, 7 ; rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $20.,
GEARY, 2253— Fine cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
. cellar; mirror-top mantels; $13.
LOMBARD. 1217. - near Larkin— rooms; bath;
wash tubs: basement:; garden; sunny "yard;
fine, marine view; rent $17. . . :
TWENTIETH, 4437— Modern * cottage for rent;
7 rooms, bath and laundry; $20. >
WE have 5 lovely 5 . and 6 room --. modern cot-
tages; $12 to $15, at -SPECK & CO. 1 S, 602
; Market st. -"■■■.'. -"■-■ :'..-.■.', . ..: ;. .; ■'. . ■-,
4 - ROOMS, $9; ■ near : power house S. F. & S.
M. electric; or $100 cash, $12 per month buys
It. ' THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market St.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms. - 323 Lang ton st., ' near
Bryant. L . t ■ " • ■' : : ■%'
$10— SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms; yard; basement;
. sanitary ■ plumbing. Nineteenth . and Bryant.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 i rooms; water
.-. free. 113 Collins st., near Geary. .-.-- '■■-.■■■■•-.•
FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATED if seen; rarely beautiful; NW.
'. corner Sutter • and ' Scott, * 6 . big rooms and
■' glazed porch: or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard,' near Thirteenth, 7 big rooms and porch,"
rent reasonable, all flooded with sunshine.
AN elegant sunny . flat : i all j modern j improve-
ments. 409 Devißadero st. ; rent $25. ;t " :■,.:',
CHATTANOOGA, 211— Lower flat, containing 5
: rooms, ■: bath; patent closet; stationary : wash-
i tub; large , chicken yard; all iin good : order;
.-. rent $5. water free. Apply on premises or to
 MADISON & BURKE. -.
CLAY, 1229-1231— Two 6- room flats; sunny and
modern. : '"''-\.-.: :■■_ ' .-'"■:]■ ". ' ; '.'■■- ;'■■■'.
CLAYTON, S72,'' south of >■■-. Frederick—
> modern i fiat of 5 rooms and bath; : cheap. ',:*r ;,
DUPONT, 1903, near Chestnut— Lower flat, con-
taining 3 rooms; newly ? papered; rent $7; key
at corner store. Apply to MADISON &
BURKE. - ; -,■ . : ■ --..'.. •-' - :^y-r. y . .:. .
ELEGANT flat: 7 rooms ' and > bath; all sunny;
.fine location and view. 466 Page St. -j;: :V .:' V :W
FLAT, 6 rooms and bath, $18 ; cor. Haight and
Lyons st. ; also furnished sunny front room, $6.
FLAT, corner Stockton 1 and Chestnut ; ; fine bay
- view; reasonable. ; Apply 1932 Stockton st. ?*■;
FLAT 4 ! nice. rooms: -bath;.: cheap.': 1529 Taylor
:, ■. St., ; between » Pacific • and " Broadway. :
FLAT: .5 • rooms; bath; r stationary tubs; $12.
'.;■ ; 267 Lexington aye. : • . ; , :.
FRANKLIN. 523. near McAllister— ■ ' 3
" rooms; cheap rent. . .. . ■
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle flat: 7 rooms,
.::■■ bath; water free; ; near. City Hall ; $28. v
FULTON. 222%, H near Van Ness aye.— 6 sunny
rooms; bath. .7., ;:.:. :... .. - ::. >:i>:.>; .;?;"• I
HARRISON, 2041, opp. Eighteenth— nice sunny
r flats, 3 and 4 rooms, $9 and $10. ;>:'■.,:•;•
1 LOWER flat, 3 rooms; upper fiat. 4 rooms and
bath: rear house. -\4 ■ rooms. ■-> 1310 ; Larkin | st. j
j i LYON, ,; 411, "i near,;' Hayes— Excellent '.■ for : the
money; 5 rooms;, bath; laundry; $14. ' •
LYON, 617, j near } McAllister— New i' sunny flat
6 rooms and bath.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
MIDDLE flat; 5 nice rooms; lath; water free:
rent $20 month.;. 509 Fulton st. r . "'
MINNA, 904, near Tenth— Fiat of 4 rooms and
•■ bath. ' , ■ .-. ■ : -■..-." , -■ . . '.. .'"•'"•-- ■ : ;
MODERN 5-room flat. 127 Ash aye.. near Van
■■: ■ Ness. '■::':■ : ■■ . ■ ■
MOSS. 30%, bet. Sixth and Seventh, off How-
• ard— Lower bay-window flat of 5 large rooms;
yard; basement.
NEAR City Hall; 2 elegant flats, 6 rooms and
. bath. 12 and 716 Grove st. . : ••-'■■- :- -
NEARLY new flat, 1215 Jackson St., near Jones,
6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
NICE new flat, 823 Geary st., 6 rooms and bath;
■ also house In rear of 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply L. C. B ABIN. 413 Kearny st. :
SEVENTH, 316— Beautiful fiat of 7 rooms;. rent
low to good tenant. '•' -
SHIPLEY. 257, near Sixth— Flat 5 rooms and
'. bath; ,$14.;; : :" .
STEVENSON, 518, near Sixth— Nice sunny flat
v of 4 ' rooms; yard and cellar. '
SUNNY flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent reasonable.
63 Pleasant St., off' Jones, near Clay.
SUNNY corner bay-window flat: 7 rooms, bath;
, cheap. NE. corner Dolores and lath sts.
TURK." Runny flat of 4 rooms; large base-
ment; $12; no children. r ? ,
UNSURPASSED— Those elegant new flats, De-
vlsadero . and . Fulton sts., will be completed
In ten days; contain 8 rooms, bath, etc; Im-
provements are the latest; rent reasonable.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
UPPER sunny flat, 6 rooms; modern large
basement and yard.. 2721 Mission st.
VALENCIA, 147%— Tw0 well furnished front
rooms for housekeeping; rent $10; with bath.
WANTED— Tenants for elegant new flats now
ready: 5 to 7 rooms; rent reasonable to good
tenants. . Apply- A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. \ "
WE can rent you a flat with or . without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. . ; • ■
510 — FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom St., near
Fourth. -i . i •."'.'■■,
$13— LOWER fiat, 5 large sunny rooms; yard;
cellar; water free. 12R6 Folsom St.
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; -2 folding beds; lin
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion st., between First and Second sts.
BARTLETT, Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; also single.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-window
suite of 2 or 3 sunny rooms; gas or wood.
CALIFORNIA, 1255— Three unfurnished rooms;
light; very desirable. ■ \
CAPP, 708— 3 sunny rooms; clean and neatly
' furnished for housekeeping; refs. . exchanged.
CLEMENTINA, 707. corner Eighth— Front
; rooms complete housekeeping, with bath and
laundry > room, $8 to $10. -■■■
ELLIS, 722—2 sunny front unfurnished rooms,
$7. : :
ERIE, 47, , between Thirteenth and Fourteenth
—3 clean furnished rooms for housekeeping;
garden.
FIFTH, 348— Suite of rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 870 -Housekeeping rooms to let; dou-
ble or single; rent reasonable. '
FOLSOM. 974— Sunny housekeeping. rooms, dou-
ble : and single; all conveniences; $1 up;
changed hands.
FOURTH. 411— Two sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; $9. ■ ■*•-■' -:yl".i\
GEARY, 1812— comfortably . furnished rooms;
rent $14; modern.
HARRISON, . Front and back parlors, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard;
rent $13. "
HOWARD, 525— Pleasant sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping," $6 and $8.
HOWARD, 649 — 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms, with bath, In quiet family. ,
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— furnished
sunny rooms; also housekpg; cheap; transient.
HOWARD, 1068— A newly famished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg, $12; others," $$; single,' $4 mo.
JESSIE, 355, near Fifth— Housekeeping rooms;
private.
JESSIE. 439, between Fifth and Sixth— sunny
connecting rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping, $3 per, week. .
LARKIN, — 3 sunny • housekeeping rooms;
: also large front room, with kitchen complete.
LARKIN, ! 1303, " near Pine — Sunny unfurnished
it front room and kitchen. $8; no children. -~
LEAVENWORTH, 811. near Sutter— 3 ' sunny
rooms," stove; housekeeping; young couple;
references; $10.
LEAVENWORTH, 1222— F100r of three house- |
" keeping rooms; gas; bath; unfurnished. $12;
furnished $14.
MARY, 20, near Fifth— 7 rooms; double parlors;
$22 50. . ... ■•-.-. . . , : .......
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for . housekeep-
. Ing. "■■ . . - • "■•."'. ...
MISSION, 561, near Second— A connecting front
room and kitchen, complete for housekpg," $12.
MISSION, 821— 52 a week: large sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping. ..."':.'.
MISSION, 923%— Completely furnished sunny
- housekeeping rooms; regular kitchen.
MISSION, 1241—2 furnished rooms; running
water; light housekeeping; sunny; garden;
reasonable. • • •'
NATOMA, 527 — rooms, first floor, furnished
. or unfurnished; large yard; running water.,
OCTAVIA. 155—2 weeks free; unfurnished if de-
sired; desirable; no children.
OCTAVIA, 1403,- corner Geary— Sunny front
room, mantel, kitchen, gas stove; $13.
PINE, 2207%— unfurnished rooms for ' house-
keeping. ■ - . ,«. .. ■ .-■ . >. ,
POST, Furnished parlors, front, back;
housekeeping or business purposes; running
' water. :
SCOTT,- 1614— First floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms; bath; garden; $16; adults only.
SHIPLEY, 232— Front, back room; furnished
nicely for housekeeping.
SHOTWELL, . 121— Lanre • sunny room; 2 clos-
ets: light housekeeping; rent $5.
SIXTEENTH. . 2S22— Sunny • furnished ' rooms or
■ without housekeeping. ;.; , .•. .
TAYLOR, 238 — Unfurnished . and furnished
rooms; also, basement for business; sunny,
, new and clean good location. ■ ,r
TURK, 543 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen com-
- plete for : housekeeping; gas, . gas stove and
';: bath: $14. . .: .-■■■., »,
TF.HAMA. < 47— Housekeeping and single fur-
nished rooms; reasonable. - •:.
THE Piedmont. 1I»A Sixth St.— or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping: also other room*.
THIRD. «129— Furnished I housekeeping . and * sin-
gle rooms; newly papered. —
THIRD, 263— Sunny front rooms ; furnished for
■; housekeeping; ; single, . $1 week. -.;.-,
TWELFTH/ 145— Sunny; furnished rooms com-
plete i for, housekeeping. ■■- r:■ '
■TWENTY-SECOND.' 3337— furnished : house-
, . keeping rooms ; rent " $15 a , month.
TWENTY-SECOND. : 3430, near Fair Oaks-
Sunny upper flat, 5 rms.; bath, basement; $16.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3166. near Howard— Two
. front i parlors: : use of kitchen ; no children.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367. : near Mission-Choice
sunny housekpg suite, nicely furnished, $10.
VALENCIA. 1154. near 22d— Large sunny front
alcove room and' separate kitchen; also con-
necting rooms;: bath, closets and ; sinks.
1 _ SU i I ?T JSIT 1181 housekeeping rooms,
bounded by Eddy. Bush. Jones and Polk sts
, ■ 80x, 1576/. Call -of flee. ■■-■■
$10. 427 , STEVENSON, near. Fifth : $9. 1381 Min-
ing,' near Fifteenth. Owner at 705 Oak st.
OAKLAND HOCSEKEEPINg" ROo"iis7
WIN DSOR ~HoTel^R ( _rnV' without board ac-
commodatlons for cooking «th & Washington.
ROOMS _o LET. ~~ — T~
ANGELICA 8. bet. vie^a~_nTGu^^roTo7r
Nineteenth^ , single , sunny - front rooms-
cheap; German couple; no children; reference.
A— 734 • PINE— Nicely - furnished '-'■■ sunny front
room; gas; ; $6 ;, month, : gent , only. ■
A— STOCKTON. - 242 — First-class * sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing ptoTm*"d?y or mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny ; st. -Pleasant
' sunny rooms, en suite and .ingle; first-claw
-. In every. respect; terms reasonable.::
AT^?. 2»2 »v Second Nl f e single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk. $1 to $2 50; day He to Me
AT , 4 i 6 lO>Par je — Sunny ' rooms; suites; I single;
•by day, week or mo.;. baths, running water. ;
BALBOA. -The, ■ 1295 ' Market, opposite - Jones-
: Rooms,; 60 ; cents; suites. $1 per day; lower
by the week; country trade solicited.- ..':'-■ . '.
BOHEMIA. s 2S» c Post. • a . blocks ; . from Palace
Hotel; v elegantly furnished , rooms; families
and gentlemen; . all conveniences. ;f; f ' ■;■
DELAWARE, 5 1433 >, Market-Furnished or i un-
■■:■; furnished . single , and double rms. ; ■ $8. $10 , mo.
EDDY. US— Pleasant front i room: also others;
■-t6 up: sunny housekeeping suites cheap.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to
»1 per night: $2 to $C a week; families. •<
KDDY. 318— Newly i furnished i sunny J suit* and
V single rooms; private family; : quiet. ■ •"-• i-,
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
EDDY 514— Nicely furnished rooms to let; new
and clean. •
EIGHTH, 111— nice furnished front rooms and*
• 1 back room.
EIGHTEENTH. 4133-2 furnished rooms; suit-
able for man and wife or 2 gentlemen; cheap;
-. private family. ,--.•• •
ELLIS, 611— Large front double, room; nlc«
home for 2 or 3 gents; other rooms.
ELLIS, Large sunny furnished room ; use
of . bath; rent reasonable.
ELLIS, Nice sunny front room for lady or
gent: moderate; also double room.
FOLSOM, 863-Large sunny bedroom adjoining
cozy kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
FOLFOM, 1403, near Tenth— Sunny suite at
single rooms; nicely furnished.
GCAKY. 406 (The Navarre)-Elegant furnished
rooms; tuite* or single. MRS. H. HYeR.
GEARY, 478— Furnished room suitable for I
gentlemen; price $10; also single rooms.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front parlor- also
suites: privilege hkp.: other rms; gas; bath.
GEARY, 628 (The St. John)— sunny front
rooms, single or en suite; board optional; ref.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— l'er night. &c to
$1; week. $1 to $*; reading room: H .ward cars.
GOLDEN -GATE aye., 1000, corner Laguna—
- Well furnished, large single sunny front
room. $8;. private; only man and wife.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. haventh and '
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms: en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784%, near Fourth— fur-
nished sunny rooms; also housekeeping rooms,
$1 week. . i ■
HAVES, 104— Nicely furnished room; gas;
bath; one block from Market; rent $7.
HOTEL VANCOUVER, 1001 Sutter— Elegantly '
furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
HOWARD, 574—6 rooms; bath; newly papered;
cheap rent; $20. BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. "■ ' *
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely ..furnished sunny bay-
window and other rooms; moderate. .
HIDE, 232— Newly furnished front sunny
rooms from $6 per month up; all conveniences..
JESSIE, 164, corner Annie— Sunny rooms; single.
$1; double $150 week; also housekeeping.
KEARNY. 326— Furnished room; use of parlor;
gentleman or man and wife; private family;
cheap. Inquire shoestore.
LARGE sunny bay-window alcove room, mirror
mantel, grate, running water; modern; with
or without board; north of Market: other
sunny rooms. Address box 1119, Call office.
LARKIN, Neat sunny parlors, together or
single; also single.
LEAVENWORTH. 410— Large sunny room,
suitable for man and wife; use of. kitchen;
no chlfdren. ' .
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or tingle; baths connecting; moderate
rates. ;
MASON, 225— A sunny bay-window room, nice-
ly furnished, $1 50 up: day, week or month. \
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient. " •
MISSION, 2533— Sunny furnished room for gen-
tleman, $4 per month. . '••■';
O'FARRELL. — Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. New management, new fur-
niture: elegantly furnished sunny suites and
tingle rooms: bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POLK, 1602— Unfurnished bay-window room;
sunny; closet: also furnished room.
POST, 622^ — Changed . hands, renovated: newly
and elegantly furnished: single or en suite.
MRS. J. A. CALHOUN. formerly of Waldorf.
POST, Alcove front room, bath connect-
ing; also single room; gas; private family.
POWELL, 207 — Furnished sunny rooms: single
or en suite; $1 £0 upward; running water: gas.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth »t..
. near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SUTTER, 309— Nicely furnished rooms; also
.- other rooms; terms reasonable.
SYCAMORE aye.. 12. off Valencia, between
Seventeenth . and Eighteenth— A nicely fur-
nished room in private family, $5.
TAYLOR. 311— Lovely sunny room for lady and
husband.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St.. opp. Gougt*
—House newly furnished; single rooms or
tults: two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping;: rooms from $5 to $11. ■
VALENCIA. 306 — Front sunny alcove room;
■"'closet; grate; modern- conveniences; private
; family. -':: ■^■•■•. . •■■ . '..- ■■•> ' • - '■--".■,;
$4 A MONTH, bed and sitting room combined;'
nicely furnished: sunny. Box 614, Call office.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock;. branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. • •
ROOMS AND HO.V-tK >
A^B^T^FoRDTThe^~ ■ " """""-"■""""-"
Broadway and Polk sts.; quiet, homelike;
terms moderate; board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHIHCftN House. 319-321-323 Grant aye. —
Rooms f>oe up; board and room. $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
BOARD and room, one or two gentlemen; pri-
vate family: modern conveniences; one block
to car: convenient to Golden Gate Park; $25
and $45. • 2006 Golden Gate aye. ,>-• : :>,-:>. '
BRANNAN. 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
. Board and room $4 £0 per week; single rooms
$1 per week. . . .
EDDY. 500— Large sunny front room/suitable
for 2: gents preferred; others, $20 up, with
"board. ,
EDDY, 502— Nicely furnished, ■ large rooms, -
with good board, $20 up: gentlemen preferred.
ELLINGSWORTH'S Restaurant gives best
Sunday dinner.- with bottle wine, Icecream, •
25c. 613% Jones. ,
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
GEARY, 227— First-class board; home cooking; .
special rates to students, clerks: dinner, 25c.
HOTEL SALISBURY. 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms: beautiful grounds: table. unsurpassed.
MCALLISTER,' S2I. between Van Ness aye. and
Franklin St.— Nicely furnished room In pri-
vate family, with or without board. for a.
couple or 2 ladies or gentlemen. |
MCALLISTER. 6So— Newly furnished rooms
with or without board: reasonable prices.
MISSION. 942— Sunny front room for gent, with
: board and bath, $18 per month; private fam.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant home for ' gent;
board; hot and cold water: $20; other rooms.
PLEASANT well furnished sunny rooms; new
flat: suitable for rentlemen:: excellent board;
references. Box i 616. Call office.
THE ' ORIEL— elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, : with board for 2, $40 per
month: slncle rooms accordingly. : : . -;,--
VAN NESS aye.. 51*— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
V. N NESS aye., 80S— Elegant sunny rooms, en :
I suite and single: superior table: ref. required.
CHILDREN BOARDED. ;
WANTED— By an old lady. 1 or more children
to board; room for parents If desired; speaks
■ French and English. 47 Tehama st.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good,
home and care; near school. 51 Clara st.
NICE school girl can find good home: more
: for company; terms $S month. Box 1261. Call.
WANTED— Two children to board; good home.
Apply at 1113 Clay st. ■»
CHILDREN boarded; mother's care. 131 Do-
lores st. ■ ' : ' *-' ■•'•.-■-
SVORES TO LET.
EDDY. 329— Large basement suitable plumber
or painter; rent $12. INGLE, Carpenter.
STORE to let; City Hall square. 7. corner Mar-
ket St.; suitable for any business; rent low.
TURK. 1203— Store, with. 4 living-rooms and
yard; cheap: altered to suit.
OFFICES TO Ln,T.
DESK room to electric lights, telephone.
22% Geary st. ; room 35. - , * -
LOST. ] '
$100 REWARD-Loßt at wed^tnTaTpalacTHo^
«':,- U Jr"f, * 3) dlamon d rings. B." SCHWETZJS,
23-25 Battery st.; no questions. .
LOST-pOn v Fillmore St.. Saturday morninir. .
, lady s. silver open-faced watch i and gold
chatelaine Pin. Reward at '2416 Flllmore st
SEPTEMBER 8-Laaiea* . waiting. Fourth : and
Townsendsts..,purse. keys; keep mouey.. 311
13^^ 1^ 13 "" 1^ 811 Bmall Purse .containing
r Jjoo. Finder return to CHARLETON, 701
• Mission : st. '.;. •:•  - "
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan r Society of . San , Francisco, in the .-
name of JANE , PAUL; • No. 169-952. The
 finder will please return to bank.
"~~ ~ STORAGE. \ "■."■■;•■ •'"■.■ '"
PIERCE-RUDOLPKf Sto?agTVnT~_oving~Con
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 186.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden ■ West : Stor- ;,
*ga Warehouse. 840 Mission at.; teL Mint lilt .PCITY- REAL ESTATE. -
UM.BSEN & CO..
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS. •
14 Montgomery st.
MISSION COTTAGE— A BARGAIN.
$900— Price greatly reduced to make Immediate
sal?; cottage of & rooms; . 20x120, only half a
blook from Mission-st. cars.
BUSINESS CORNER LOT-BARGAIN.
! corner 33x119, Irregular; half block from
Ml.--slon st; a snap. -
CORNER ON FIRST AVENUE. -
$1200— Corner lot 25x115; good lot for drug
store or tirst-class grocery store.
CHEAP MISSION BUILDING LOT.
• Jl.-00— Sanchez st.; 32:6x117:6 to an alley; ready
to build on; near several lines of oars.
CHEAP. HOME IN THE MISSION. .
J-.6G0— 2-story house; 6 rooms and bath; brick,
foundation, etc.; handy to Mleslon-st. cars;
small amount cash, balance same as rent
A BARGAIN ON PACIFIC STREET.
$lSo&i-3-story house of 10 rooms and bath and
lot; rents pTi per annum; this is a bargain.
A VERY CHEAP LOT.
Fulton st.; 25x137:6; • street accepted;
stone sidewalks; gas, side sewer and water
pipe* laid; this is a very cheap lot.
FLATS VERY CHEAP, i
$3000— Shot well st.; rents $27 SO: 2 bay-window j
flats of 5 rooms and bath each; 27:t0%x11u to an.
alley. ■ - *
MISSION WARM BELT.
$3000— No reasonable otter refused; 3-. flats;
rents $2S 50; stable for S horses; 25x115; only
half a block from Market and Sanchez sts.;
will refuse no reasonable offer; about to «leave
for Europe.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE— EASY
1 TERMS.
$SKfr : -A small amount cash, the balance same
' as rent; nice 2-story bay-window residence•, residence • of
8 ro,oms and bath, etc
CHEAP MISSION RESIDENCE. '■{-?:'-
■ J3."PO— New 2-story bay-window residence of
7 rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc.; near
several lines of street cars.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS.
$5000— S0xlC6:3; as a whole or in subdivisions
' to RUlt. -\ ■■•','. »-;.»;.-.•»'••■.•
Call and obtain one of our '.'Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
eale in all parts of the city. ■ ■ <
G. H. U_ BSEN & CO.. -
• 14 Montgomery st.
MOST PEOPLE - —
Say. about 75 per cent of the total popu-
lation of this city are in absolute bondage
to their landlords. Year in and year out.
on the first of every month they put their
hands into their pockets and hand over
thplr hard earned cash. The most pitiful
phase of this continued rent paying is that
most of these rent payers have given up
all thought of ever possessing homes, main-
ly because they are ignorant of the means
• of obtaining them. -We have already . re-
leased over 75 , families from this - bond of
rent paying by giving them bright, new
4. 5 and 6-room cottages in exchange for
their rent money. We have for sale now
on these terms a four and six-room cot-
tape — n-.odern and convenient In every way.
See them In the Heyman Tract, reached
- by Mission st. cars, transferring at Twen-
ty-second st. to Hoffman aye. JAMES
COTTER. Resident Agent. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery fit, for . particulars.
$2fO EACH, $5 monthly; no Interest; lots 25x
114: only 5 minutes from Castro st. cars;
good lots to build on. 
Lots In Sunset District. Golden Gate Park,
cheap, on $5 monthly payments.
IS fine level lot*; only 3 blocks from San
Mateo electric cars; Just the thing for a
chicken ranch; on easy monthly payments.
■ JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery- st.
6. F. YON RHEIN & CO..
• ' 513 California st.
IMPROVED. ■ •
Montgomery... aye.. through to .Washington
st.; brick improvements; rents $100. - .", ..
$12,000— Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich
137:6x137:6. with house. -. •
$11.000— Corner Dupoint and Hinckley; 20x57:6;
store and lodging-house; rents $85.
$6500— Ellis, nr. Buchanans 25:*x60; flats; rents
$55 50. . - ,-■.-.. ■;. ■ ■ ...
. $625-0— Powell, nr. Vallejo: 21x67:9. : •
$osCo— California, nr. Baker; 25x77 :"%• 2 flats;
rents $42 50. ■ ' *■■•■■• ■ ■- -
$roOo— Page, nr. . Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage. 6
rooms and bath.
$1500— Green, nr. Powell; 24:3x69:9; fiats; rents
$38.
• $4500— Filbert, nr. Taylor; 20x60: rent $46.
$4200— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
. $4000— 44 th aye., nr. Point. Lobos: 50x120.
— Guerrero, nr. 17th; 25x80; flats. j;.."-
$3500— nr. sth: 25x80.
$2:.oo— Jd aye., nr. Clement- st. : 25x120;. cottage.
. 12000— 28 th, nr.. Sanchez; 25:8x114; cottage. . •
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
etabl*. ■: ■ : •:.; < ..._-.;;--»...•„..'.......
: - • ■•"•.. ■UNIMT'ROVED.--.- .-.'-r .;..:.
$1400— Filbert, nr. Varennes: 17:6x57:6; cheap.
11200— Fair Oaks. nr. 26th: 23x125.
J?E. corner Polk and Lombard: 80x71:10.
Pcott. nr. Washington; 25x115. • •'
■ lTth and Capp; 32:6x110. .;. ■ . i . .
25X I*.1 *. 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
23x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots .
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine tt., oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:... . ;
$3750. formerly $5000 — A solid, business prop-
erty: > 2-story and basement brick house, on
Hrannan st., Just west of Third St.: saloon and
a 5-room flat upstairs; lot 25x7i; rent $30, with
basement $3S; a snap. ,:
$2300— Lot near Tenth, Market and Stevenson
■ its.' • '.--•-'.. ■-":,- ■ -■ • •".'•••
$17,000— Undivided half of lot 125x105 feet on
Mission st.,- between Sixteenth and Seventeenth
•etß 'with Improvement: cheap.
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY. I '
$13.000— Rent $94; 4 splendid flats on Fell St.,
near Masonic aye.: lot 37:6x137:6.
$Rooo— flats on Page st., near Broderick; lot
■37:6x75: make' offer.
$4250— Splendid cottage; Oak st.. near Lyon;
lot 25x110; fronting on park. .
$12,000. formerly $15,005— Halght st., - east of
Fillmore: 3 fine bay-window 2-story houses and
lot 55x1?.7:6; very cheap. . .
■ $25,000. formerly $38,000— A • very prominent
corner yielding now 8 per cent, and will surely
go up to $50,000.
• 18000, formerly $9000— Rent $70; 4 fine flats;
Western Addition: lot 49x80.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN. '. :
Splendid property on Market st.,- only
IV. blocks from the Baldwin. •
$42.500— Taylor Ft, ; near -Market; large lot;
well improved: stores and flats.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
' $5500— Rent $60; 4 flats on Geary St.; lot 28
X 123. • ' ■■ ■ • ' ' -•----.
JSSOO— Rent $-*7; store ami 2 flats; Geary st.
$2400 — Rent $25; a double flat; 5 rooms below
and 6 rooms upstairs. -' "...
.s3o.ooo— Rent $260; stores and flats; never
vacant. ' ■ ' •
BARGAINS In Real Estate. ,; -
$3000— Two new flats near : Mason st.
$4500 — grocery store with flat and staple
stock of groceries Included; near Sixth st.
$5000— choice flats; all rented for $60.' :
$SOOO— elegant new flats; rented for $80;
one-half cash.
$10,000—12 flats and lot 100x137:6; near Mason
Ft. : must sell. • ■ -
' $12 Grand corner; 'S splendid flats;- few
blocks from City Hall; -rented for $118. -
$40 000— Eddy-Bt. Investment; few blocks from
Tlvoli: -rented for $300; 100-foot front.
$130 Grand corner; 160-foot frontage; near
Tlvoli ;• rents $800. ' - - * - • '*<■
.Other good bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO..
802 Market Bt. / .". - ■ ■■ . ■-
A RARE CHANCE. '■■.
SUNNY BUSINESS CORNER.
$12,000. • - Rent $100 per month.
. Fulton st. business corner; large lot, 85x80;
name tenant for years: bank mortgage can re-
main,' $7000, 6V4 per cent; offer wanted.
M- MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
THREE-FLAT house. Western Addition; new-
est improvements; good paying rent; for sale
chr-ap; no agents. Box 1283, ; Call office.
$32C0— 2 FLATS and rear cottage on Tehama
st, near Eighth; rents $32 .'.O; very cneap;
• easy terms.. J. W. WRIGHT & CO., 630
- Market St. - - . •
AN elegant house for sale; situated on Freder-
ick Bt at 457, half block from park; owner on
premises.
$075 — I-ROOM bay-window cottage and 2 lots,
2.'x»o. Inquire BYRNE, 3224 Harrison st.
NICE lots on First aye. and other Richmond
streets for sale.
Houses on Ashbury Heights. Golden Gate
aye., • Dcvis.-i.Jero . st., and other localities for
■ale. FLINN. SANDERSON ik CO.. 238 Mont-
gomery st.
•S2IOO— COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath; warm belt of
Mission; on car line; easy terms; bargain.
•, K. E. AiT.HV, 2245 Mission st, between
Eighteenth ana Nineteenth. ■ -- ;
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
KOOM A, First Floor. ;.
. '. -■ Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY. PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! ' PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mlssion-st. electric cars; only $.". monthly. .
* , ; SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS! r . :. ' "
■$4CO, ■;: to $8f.0; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down. $10 monthly. C. -,
• - • >••- ■-•■. SOL GETZ & BROTHER. !
$4< 1 0,- $430 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
feS graded and sewred: $2:> down,
S ninthly. SOL OETZ & BROTHER.
Call for mar* and diagrams. BROTHEn> W:
SOL GKTZ & BROTHER.
\. .... Room A, Crocker bulldln*.
CHEAPEST 'homes. in San Francisco, 6c to all
I nrts of c!tj'. ' " "' ' ■•■ '■"-
$2OO secures 4-room cottage;. balance as rent.
$12") buys line building lots; rente $6, $1 and
$10 per month. THISTLBTON, , 272 : Badowa
•t., Ocean View. '
V ! "."V CITY REAL ESTATE. " . : '-r
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSB. 626 Market st. : • .
$7500— McAllister St., near Fillmore; two large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100. » ' . ■ •
Must be sold— Two fine flats ■ on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
rents very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— st., near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6. /
. $:.Coo— Three flats; Twenty-first st, near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; 10t, 22x90. -
Cozy new cottage; Tremont aye., near Fred-
erick St.; 5 rooms- and bath. . with- all. latest
conveniences; only $3000; terms to suit. •-. . •
$2900— Twenty-fifth' - St., "near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
Cottage 'and lot; Twenty-first st. near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 23x114.
Cottage and lot; . Duncan st., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; 25x114. : 1
- $4000— Webster st, near McAllister; « rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
$3500— Two cottages: Chattanooga St., near
Twenty-third;. 32:6x117:6. , ;.
$2500— Utah St., near Sixteenth; 6 rooms and
lot 25x100. . - ; ■■ •
Hyde, near Union; cars pass; lot 20x60; only
$2500.
'■■ UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Halght and Octavia sis., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x1C0; offered low;. one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250;' California and Locust,
sts.; 37:6x107:7.
CO vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000;
137:6x137:6.
$35C0-Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100. ■
$2750— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8. -
$4000— St., near Third and Folsom; two
lots: 50x80; cheap.
$2600— Page, near Devisadero; 25x137:6.
$1750— Unlcn St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1250— Sixteenth St., near Castro: 25x100.'
$1000— Seventh aye., near J st. ; 25x120.
$1800— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye. ;■ 25x110. • • • ■ > »- • -v\i:
Jersey 'st, near Noe; 25x114.
California, near Second aye.; 2'oilOO; $SOO.
2 MADISON & BURKE. .626 Market st.
C. C. BEMIS, ' .
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.'
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close, to electric road. ...;:-
ssooo— Good corner for store;, must be sold;
let 52:4x60 feet . " • ' . ,
$0700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
ing the Presidio- and bay. . .. : .;
CO-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
Choice • building lots north. of park. ;-
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
ft.; 109x95 feet.
NICE little sunny new home; 4 rooms and bath;
$100 cash. $15 per mon h, buys It THE MC-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
$325— LARGE lot 44:6x103:6, near Sunnyside: 2
car lines:' perfectly level: new cottage oppo-
site; 'positive bargain. 21' Powell St., rooms
1 and 2.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G~^r^UMBSEjT&~COn "-"-'"- ~-~-~
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery st.
$5 per acre — A fine stock ranch of 1756 acres,
near Boonville, Mendoctno County, fenced and
improved, . well watered and wooded ; also. 5000
acres near Eden Valley, Menaoclno County,
with ISM sheep and 70 head of cattle; good Im-
provements; and with the tools and imple-
ments. .. r-
sl7so— Nicely Improved place of 10 acres, near
Santa Rosa, with good improvements.
$2000 acres near Oakville, Napa County;
good Improvements; will exchange for lot in
Richmond. : . . ' . v-.«~v -.«~
$2000—10 . acres full-bearing orchard at Los j
Gatos. ' ' • ■ . ■
' $11 per acre— 9oo acres good grain land, "with
good Improvements, near Arbuckle, Coiusa
County. -'•..• ;..«■• ■ • .-•
$12 65 per acre — acres good grain and stock
farm near Napa; good Improvements and easy
terms. •' ". :* .- ...
$6000 — acres on railroad and Russian River,
Sonoma County, adjoining Swiss Colony' prop-
erty; nicely improved, " with stock and tools;
easy terms. . ' .
$70QO- : 770 acres jpf full-bearing orchard, and
vineyard, ; with improvements, near Martinez,
Contra Costa County. •• • ' • ■• --.-
$3500, $9000 and $16,000 for in. 19 or 83 acres in
orchard, with . fine improvements, near Camp-
bells,- Union District, Santa. Clara, County. « .
San Carlos— An elegantly improved place of
15 acres; adjoins Moses -Hopkins'. . Brit'an's
and others; modern house of 12 rooms and out-
buildings; orchard,' 1 , lawn, flowers and shrub-
bery: at a bargain. ; ' •■'■ ' . •'• - - ' :> -
For Rent — A fine stock farm of 400 acres, near.
Woodside, San .County, .with first-class
Improvements: rent $600 cash.. ." - " ' . . '.; '..
For. Rent— A nice improved place of ■ 8 acres
at ' Millbrae; :.- .furnished .- at ( $20; unfurnished
at $15. . ■ •'. ■•
It you want country lands call and see us. ■
SMALL ACRE! TRACTS .- .. ~ —
IN OAKLAND'S BEAUTIFUL SUBURBS.
Near Mills College and Leona Heights, c 3 1
miles from Oakland; on electric car line; es- j
pecially adapted for florists, nursery men and .
others requiring small-acreage properties near
town: fine. water supply. For full particulars
address. . . : , • . --.^
* McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS.,
l'JB Montgomery st, San . Francisco, Cal.
A— WERTHEIM & KERTH. &50 Market Bt.,
business agents: city and country real estate;
partners procured; rents ' and moneys col-
lected.
$2500 — 10-aere ■ fruit ranch;, near Haywards;
1000 fruit, trees In bearing; a bargain. .
$5500 — 137 acres; house and barn; 4 miles from
Napa: . would exchange for house and lot in
Oakland: a splendid home. • . :
$12 50 per acre— s4s acres ; stock ranch: In
Santa Clara County; ricn. rolling 1 land; suit-
able for grain or fruit; plenty of water.
Call and examine our list of fine ranches,
from 160. to 10,000 acres, in Glenn County, Cal.,
the great wheat country. = ■ ■ . . .-.-
S2OOO— FINE home; 32 acres near Santa Cruz;
8 orchards; horses, barn, wood and water. : ■
$3000— Half cash; cheapest p!ac« Santa Clara
County; near Los Gates; 10 acres -orchard; |
well Improved. '■ 'i" - ■' ■■ ■■ -
$5000—70 acres; Napa City; will exchange.
, ... I. C. SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st. ,
FARM for sale or rent: 162 acres: good land;
plenty, of spring water piped to the house
. and yards; 6-room house: barn and other out-
buildings; family orchards; good crops every
year; near Plea^anton. • Address P. W., Eu-
reka Hotel. Oakland. . . ... ' : .
SHASTA County homes;' clear streams: build-
ings: bottom lands: heavy .oak timber; ex-
change clear for Oakland or San Francisco
lots. L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway,
Oakland. ■'• . ' ' --■ . - » .
10-ACRE tracts of fine 'fruit land, ..near Au-
• burn, Placer County; $5 monthly: no Interest;
..$l5 Ito I $25 ■ per acre. • ,. JACOB HEYMAN, .11
Montgomery st.
WANTED— To rent chicken ranch; 1 to 3 acres,
house and buildings;, near city. Box 1255, Call.
FOR -Bale, rent or exchange— Farm, - 93 acres,
near Santa Cruz. '-78 Rausch st. " ' '
MARIN County dairy ranches; sell or lease;
building 1 lots and land by the acre In Ross
Valley. J. TUNSTEAD, San Rafael. Cal.
$700— 20- ACRE colony - lot, '<■ 3 miles from Mer-
ced, with water; terms easy; lot leveled;
will trade for city property. Box 237, Merced,
Cal. . ■■ ■■ •■•■'-' '■ "■ ' ■■- ■'■ r..-.-
TEXAS lady visiting California wishes' to sell
fine Texas ranches from $4 to $20 per acre In
all parts of Texas:. would exchange. MRS. P.
T. NORWOOD, 1356 Harrison st. Oakland.
TO RENT in . Contra ' Costa County, on San
Pablo Creek: 8 miles " from Berkeley. 1150
acres land; well . watered, wooded; 350 acres
good : grain land; balance excellent pasture;
suitable milk or stock ranch: R. R. facilities;
crops never fall. R. E. Rowland. Orinda Park
FOR Sale— Stock ranch, 1200 acres land; 600
acres fine grain land: remainder grazing, hHI
land; abundant' feed: well sheltered and
' watered; situated In Coiusa County, 16 miles
from railroad: price $10 per acre. ' Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON. Marysvllle. Cal. '.:
189 1 HAVES Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. • •
-' MONEY TO LOAN.
LARGE sum« to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or country) for a fixed term, or re-
deemable by installments at exceptionally low
- rates of Interest. . '
Special terms quoted for loans on life poli-
cies Interests under wills. &.2d & 3d mrtgs.
- Promissory notes discounted and all finan-
cial business transacted. ....
> , R. . GOULD. 131- Montgomery st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S". F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; ■no commission: no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission- St., above
Sixth ;: telephone South 14. ' ' ■ : '~
HIGHLY respectable ; and private I place to ob-
tain liberal advances on -diamond*: and Jew-
elry at the. lowest .- rates. *= Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 048 Market St.: tel. Green 204. :-■ V ;
ADVANCES on furniture or 'pianos without re-
v moval- money quick: confidential; no commis-,
m on ; Jo west Interest, -Room 6». 1 170 Market:
ON furniture, pianos, . city or Oakland; no re-
moval- low rates: no commission; $25 up;
' private party. >-■ BONNELLI, 130 Post st. v. V,
ANY amount at per cent on real estate; 2d
and »d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
COLONIAL Inv. Co.— Money on any I proposi-
tion; city, country ;.f urn. 405' Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
FIRST and second mortgages,' estates: city and
: ccuiury. v J. } W.-.W RIGHT, 63C Market ' st. ■:\ t : ■
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
s estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;-
any proposition. Dryden, 413 : Montgomery Bt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER IS, 1898.
CITY REAL * ESTATE. - ' r: - :
LIST OF LOTS. :
$1500— lots. Clay St., "near Locust; 85x100.
$3750— Corner of Clay : and Spruce ; 37:6x100.
$2850— Cole st., near Page; '2sxlo6:3. : 'V ;
$625— Blake St., ; near Geary; 25x120. ' V; .^
$1800— Two lots, 25x100 each, on Waller St.,
near Ashbury.
$3250 each— Fell st., between Flllmore v and
Stelner: two lots, each 25x137:6. •
Golden Gate aye.; near Masonic; 25x
100. ■' • rj ;
$2500— Oak St., near Cole; 25x100. , -■■'-'•
$2250, worth $3000— Fillmore St., near Hayes;
27x137:7. , .
Corner Turk and Willard: 2."ix100.
$1800— st., near Lyon; 25x137:7.
$2500— Beach st, between Hyde and Larkin;
lot 08:3x137:6.
$2350— Baker St.. near Oak. overlooking ' the
entrance of the Park panhandle; 25x103.
$7000— Laurel st. near Washington; lot E2x
137:6; fine marine view. ; . . . ■
$2750 each— Two lots on Stanyan st;' between
Frederick and Beulah; 25x131:3 each; street
bltumlnlzed; electric - cars pass.
$856— Parker aye., near Fulton st. ; 25x100. •"
$2600— Green st, near -Laguna; 25x137:6.
Golden Gate aye., near Scott st. ; 60x
137:6.
$2500 each— on. Stanyan St., between
Frederick and Beulah, facing the- Park: 25x
106:3; street bituminlzed; electric cars pass.:
$1500— Bush st., near Lyon; , 24x87:6; street
accepted. ■ ■
$1250— Central aye:, between Bush and Pine
sts. ; 25x123; street accepted. . ■ '■ . -■■ ■
$6250— Union st, . near Devisadero; 65:9x137:6.
! - Washington st., near Spruce; lot 25x
I 127. ' • ■■ ■ ■ • • --■ .:.-.-
slooo— California St., near Locust: 25x107.
. $9500— Fillmore St.. near Pacific aye.; 50x100.
$1100— offer-wanted; Tremont aye., near
Frederick St.: 25x80.- : .
- $3000 — An offer wanted; Fulton st., near
Scott: 25x70. - - - •
$1250— Carl St.; between Willard and Stanyan;
25x137:6. '. . -■ -.-..•■
■ . $1700- Union St., near Webster: 25x100. -_- .
$1550— De Long aye., near Frederick ' st.
30x?5. , •■-.- . ■ ■:■ ■ •■■--.--■ ....••.• •-.,.. .....
$3350 each— Page st, near Scott;" two lots,
2"ix 137:6 each.
$3600— Clay st., near Broderlek: 27:6x105.
$2175— Sunny side of McAllister j st., near
Baker; 25x137:6. ■ . r
$6000— St., near Laguna; - 50x137:8. >. •
$900— St.. -near Willard: 25x100. '. - . '■■
$22M)— Cherry st. near Washington; lot 42:11 x
100. rear being 29:4 in width. • ■
$1600— Waller st., near Shrader: 25x100. . '.'■
$4125^-Rtanyan st., near Oak; 25x100.' •  .
$7700— Stanyan st, near Oak; 50x100.
$1500— D« Long aye., . near . Frederick . St.;
50x80. ■ >-. ••' ■■■ • ■:. • ■ ■:: --
s27oo— Shrader st., near Page; lot 27:6x100;
street accepted. •■ '-. '■-■■:■■', ■"■■
$1000— Bargains; S lots on Jackson St., near
Cherry; 25x129: easy terms; ■ street work com-
plete. v -
$1500— Walnut st,, near Sacramento: lot 32:7'&x
87:6: small cash payment: street bltumlnlzsd.
$1550 — Walnut Ft, near Sacramento; 25x112:6;
easy terms: street Mtumlnlzed: cheap. .-" -" '
:s4lso— Pacific aye..-- near Baker st.; 27:6x127:6.
• $1100 each— Bay st., near Van Ness aye.; 27:6 x
137:6. ' -
. 82000 — Ness aye., near Francisco st. ; 25x
100. '-'■ --■[■
Comer Van Ness aye.. and Bay St.;
37:6x100. ' • ; ' • „■ '",.,.
$1000— Golden Gate aye.,. near First aye.; lot
2"v 137 .*> : mortgage can ; remain.
Waller st, near Lott; 25x157:6.
" Washjnxtqn st.. near Cherry; 43:6% x
127:5>.;; very cheap; easy terms.
$1200— Alpine st. near Ridley; 2Sxloo.
$3500— Corner of Lott and Hayes sts. :- 2"x93.
BALDWIN ft HO WELL. . "
■ 10 Mrmtcomprv st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS:
i OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ALVIN Tract. ' , .
Take hourly. Haywards local to Elmhurst
Station (trains stop in front of the property),
or Haywards electric car to Jones aye.; free
carriage from Jones aye. meets cars on Sun-
days; 45 minutes' ride from San Francisco;
15 "minutes from Oakland. ~ „ " .
3-room cottage and lot 50x125; $550; $5
monthly. ■ . >• ;• ■■ _ _
4-room . and bath • cottage and lot 50x12a;
$750; $7 50 monthly.
• 6 years' payment clears your home; 6 years
rent gives you nothing; 500 fruit trees to be
-planted on the tract. '. : . , .
: A. T. BATTEN. ' resident agent. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery St., owner.
WANTED— Los Angeles or Pasadena house for
, a fine Oakland house; all clear. C. K. KING,
SO2 Broadway. . . ; - ; -• • . - ' I
20 ACRES near Santa Rosa; fine land; $250
cash balance 10 years at 6 per cent; price
$1500. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway. - • '
SUNOL— S acres near depot; $SOO. C. K. KING, 1
902 Broadway. .. . . -- - . ' ' '
X3KEAT bargain; 9-room house; Chestnut st;
' r Oakland; at sacrifice; $3500. C. K. KING, ?02
• ''Broad way. -- -. - ;-'- '.' ■ -"■"■ ''"''' '.''-'" : - . '■ ' '■'■'..' '"','..
$20,000 OR $30,000 to loan on good Oakland real
estate: also $2000 to loan on chattel mortgagee,
furniture and pianos. . ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO.. 902 Broadway. . . ..
$500— 3-ROOM house and Iot'EOxlOO; easy terms,
; And . - ■ :l: l
f $3500— Elegant house, 8 rooms, etc.; new and
-all modern; only 3 blocks to Broadway and
local trains, etc. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.,
902 Broadway . ' ...
$150 CASH— Neat new cottage. 4 rooms and
bath; an extra lot with It, $765; monthly till
paid for: an easy way to own your own
home and stop paying rent; price $575; Allen-
dale Settlement, East Oakland; a few $75 lots
still left: $5 cash, $5 monthly; the tract Is
■ fast settling up with nice homes;- streets are
graded; some macadamized; 3 electric car
lines and fine schoalhouse near: call or send
for circular; carriage free. ' 455 Seventh' st,
corner ' Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES,
Owner. ■ - - .
$3000, CASH, or will ■ exchange for Alameda
County property: 160 acres; 5-room cottage: 2
barns, outbuildings and new feeimlll; doing
a good business; bearing fruit trees: 1 mile
from railroad depot; In best part of Southern
Oregon. -. . f ■
We have 2 cash buyers for 'small houses In
Oakland; call or write If you wish to sell or
• rent your property. WHITE "&. CO., 814
Broadway, Oakland. < . ■'.-'- . -.• ■ .
ONLY $100 down, ' balance less than rent, will
' buy you a fine, new. modern I ■ two-story
house, with . bath, laundry, mantel, tt etc.,
built to order; with fine lot; only 7 minutes'
walk from local station: lot 50x100; total cost
only $1750. JAS. S. NAISMITH. 464 Ninth st.
WILL build you a cottage, 5 rooms: small de-
posit: furnish money: balance monthly. L. L.
M. SALSBURY. Builder. 902 Broadway, . Oak-
'' land.
80 ACRES gently' rolling fruit land. 6 miles,
from Colfax; $1600 clear for, cottage In Oak-
land;-, will .assume mortgage.: ' .
390 acres fine land near Templeton; nearly all
In cultivation; good improvements :. a magnifi-
cent ranch; for Oakland or San Francisco prop-
erty. - BENHAM& THOMAS. .•
464 Ninth st., Oakland.
OFFER wanted: lot 50x140; situated on Thir-
ty-first st., near Market. W. P. RYAN, 900
. Seventh St., Oakland. • : :
' $6000—30 ROOMS; hotel; corner lot; an estate;
■■ must be, sold; easy terms. E. E. BUNCE,
108 Broadway/ Oakland, ; Cal. . . : '..- ;■:-■; :■■,.
$400— A MODEL home; house of 6 rooms, bath
. and basement: up to date property ; fine; larsrw
. lot: best buy in Oakland; . Gallndo Tract. '
'East Oakland;, a charming view and grand
elevation; city water and sewer; Peralta aye.
end Belmr.nt st: price $1400. .
$125— Grand building lots; 25x114; $10 cash:
monthly payments to suit. .--....; '.'- - , '.-• •
You can buy any sized lot you may desire and
at one-half real value. Call or send, for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh St.. 'corner I Broadway, Oak-
Ikttl: carriage free. H. Z. JONKS. owner. \ v
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats,, gowns and suits. MRS. ft.
CHATMAN. 808 27th st. nr. San Pablo.. . v
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good nnd cheap. H. SCHELL-'
HAAS' . old store. . 408 Eleventh : nt : : See • him
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL estate.
SPECIAL NOTICE. " : "■""'■" ? "-?7v'
first . COME, FIRST . SERVED.
. just like paying RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600,; $3000. ■'- . -
The above . arc lovely cottages,, which j have
been thrown on the market for - non-payment
of Installments, and they ' are - now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. ■ They, con-
tain 4, 6, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost. new, and are located near schools
and stations. ; ';'■"■ ... ■.', ■ '"" --,'.'
We ; are. going to weed them 'out, and Invite
Inspection. ; ' MARCUSE & REMMEL, ,;
Bay-Bt. . station,'- AJameda, and 630 Market at.',
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays. . ;
$1500— LARGE COTTAGE 7 rooms; lot 00x140;
well;: windmill; all street 7 work complete;
easy terms. ' :- ■ - . '. - ..-..
$10,000, reduced ... to $6000— Elegant .home;
modern house?; finest street In Alameda; flrst-
clnes neighborhood; lot 75x175: -must be sold.
; E. D. JTTDD & CO.,
.. 1424 Perk st.,; Alameda...
BAN JOSE «ye., 2241. Park st. -station— Fur-
"nl?h»d:7-room cottage 6 months: . 1 to .4; p. M. i
 ;:; , ALAMEDA HOUSES. .* : .<
6 ROOMS and; bath; < nice .location; terms . $30.
■ 1910, Union St., Alameda, or 17 New Montgom-
ery, San Francisco. ■• - - • ■
■-_ ; property: wanted. -.; ;
75- ACRE ranch; cultivated, for city or Oakland
/ property. 423 M: . Mississippi *.Bt.v- : ' •:.." .'.,, .'
80-ACRE fruit ranch; for [city or Oakland prop-
erty. 423H Mississippi st. . ' : ■ - ■■■- -.->vr, :
839 HAVES iBT.— Branch ; office of The , Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ;
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1000 FOR a fine building lot facing the college
grounds; close to Berkeley station; a snap.
$400— A large lot on improved street; 10 min-
utes' walk to depot.
$2800— A lovely home of 9 rooms, bath, etc.;
corner lot; only 3 blocks from college; a genu-
ine bargain. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center st..
Berkeley.
NEAR the university. In the very best part
of beautiful Berkeley; house of 7 rooms and
bath; large lot; 6treet work all done. JOS.
J. MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
ALTA PUNTA Tract agalr on the market;
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye., 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage;
look at this. Map at G. W. HAIGHT. 220
Pansome St., S. F.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$600— COTTAGE of 8 rooms and bath, barn,
carriage shed, hothouse, good well, windmill
and tank; lot 50x100; all fenced.
$850— Newly renovated cMtage of 3 rooms and
basement, large barn, chickew house; lot s(>x
133: 3 blocks from Adeline station, Oakland; I
$50 cash, balance on easy terms.
$1200— House of 5 rooms and bath, barn,
chicken houses; lot 100x105; all fenced and
cross-fenced; near station.
$1500— Half an acre of sandy loam; house of
6 rooms and bath, barn, pigeon houses; fine ar-
tesian well; windmill and tank; choice fruit |
trees In bearing; excellent view.
$2600— Just completed; elegant story and a half I
containing 7 rooms, reception hall, fine mantel,
porcelain bath; rooms beautifully tinted and
frescoed; 7-foot basement; large lot; only 3
blocks from Frultvaie stat.m; an opportunity
worth Investigating.
H. A. PLKITNEU, Frultvaie. station, Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR Exchange— ln Oakland, large lot; modern
house: good neighborhood; for desirable city
property. DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 30 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange any
property call on us; we have a fine list of
city and country property. Room 412, Exam-
iner building.
EQUITY 12 fine Mission lots, near 2 cars, for
desirable ranch or bay county residence: will
assume flat loan; give particulars; no agents.
J. MONROE, Carrier, Alameda J
$3000 clear— 7-room exchange ranch bay county.
$2500— lfi rooms, country hotel for sale. E.
E. HUNCE, 908 Br"adwav Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased lor all cash; bargains j
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy |
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
■ per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., \
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of ali grades
ami prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HARDMAN agency, fine display, new styles;
our bargain room contains several elegant
pianos at sacrifice prices, from $25 upward.
THE J. DEWING CO.. 2nd floor. Flood bldg.
CALLENBERG & VAUPEL, $75; Marshall & !
Wendell, $150; Sterling, $185; Vose. $195; easy
payments; guaranteed. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, Chlckerlng Agents. 16-20 O'Farreli st.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they J
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
$75— GREAT bargain; nice upright. SCHMITZ,
10 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
IT costs you $0.5 to see the pianos we rent for
$3 per mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes.
A MAGNIFICENT 3-pedal Steinway, nearly
new. $150. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister St.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis et.
KXABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR sale cheap; 2 F.dlson bl-polar dynamos,
540 lamps, with switchboard and apparatus
complete; 1 Otis hydraulic elevator; 1 50
horse-power Mclntosh & Seymour engine; 2
60 horse-power Babcock & Wilrox boilers, all
In first-class condition. Apply to Pacific
Telephone and Telegraph Company. 216 Bush.
VIOLINISTS— Rare old master Solo violin.
1122 Hyde str.: evenings and Sundays.
TAILOR'S table for sale. F. KOPPELER.
court off Mason St., near Post. Box 610, Call.
*FRESH milk: gentle family cow. Apply 14
Chattanooga st.
FOR SALE— Handsome setter dog: 12 months
old; cheap. Presidio Kennels. 3313 Clay st.
ELEGANT showcase and counter 14 feet long
for sale at 3 Grant aye.
NEW handsome 16-foot quartered oak bar and
bark bar; bargain. 518 Bush st.
COW in calf for sale. 1671 Sanches st., near
Thirtieth.
GOOD bull watch dog; reasonable. 233 Lee
aye., near Ingleslde.
ANGORA kittens, thoroughbred, at Angora
Cattery, 657 Ellis st.
ROILKRS. engines, 2d-hand machlnerv. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, sho-.v cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1018-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
2, 6 and 10 stamp quartz mills cheap: easy
terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
rlnes, boilers, dynamos, etc. Sl6 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20: records. $s ~r«r~doien!
projectoscope, $100. Baclcalupi. 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sires- hpK orliflml cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
S_WINCTI»IACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1910 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchang-ed, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
rail, in wrapper, forma""?.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price: our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
. llpht it floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns,
$3 50 up; gold fillings, $1 up; silver, 50c up;
bridge work a specialty: written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation '
free. DRS. PERRY & CHRISTIE, 8 Mason
St., corner Market; phone. South 781.
A FULL set of teeth, $F>: see new flexible
plates; llfrht and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors. 759 Market St., be-
tween Third and Fourth— Palnlesß filling,' ex-
tracting, crowning and bridging by use of
electricity; plates, $5 up ;filllng, 50c up; crowns
and bridges, $5 up; extracting, with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell et.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full^iet
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 26c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
PAINLESB EXTRACTION, BRIDGE WORK—
New York methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nt.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gaa given.
SET of teeth without a plate. Da h7~c7
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
""bicycles.
MANSONS and Fultons; the wheels to ride;
Fauber hangers and sprockets; brand new
tandems and singles rented; sundries and re-
palring. GEO. E. DIXON, Manager, 642
Golden Gate aye., near Franklin.
I WILL sell 16 new 1597 high-grade bicycles
(sold In 1887 for $100) at $29: biggest bargain
of the year: first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLB. Twentieth ond Folsom sts.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful W.
W. DAVIDSON. M 7 Market st
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1100; CORNER drug store; well located
down town; north of Market; handsomely
fitted up; $2000 stock; receipts $15 daily; de-
parture cause of sale. KREDO & CO., 22Vi
Geary st.
$1700— ROADHOUSE near city; 21 elegantly fur-
nished ronms; 40 acres highly improved; re-
ceipts $1000 to $1500 monthly. KREDO & Cu.,
%2\j Geary st.
LIST YOUR STORE
OR BUSINESS PLACE WITH ME
I CAN SELL FOR CASH
HAVE BUYERS WAITING
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp Fifth.
|165— OYSTER and chop house; must sell to-
day on account of departure. McLAUGHLIN
_&. CO., 777 Market st.
SALOON— Sickness compels owner to leave
city; a mint for man in politics or good sa-
loon man; in fact any one can make money
here; very rare chance to buy a good corner;
must be sold immediately; established 12
years; no reasonable offer refused. City Hall
and Park ayes., over Grotto.
$650— BARGAIN ; grocery store. 18 years' stand-
ing; fine business corner; must be sold at
once; no agents or dealers. PHILBRICK,
Twenty-second and Shotwell sts.
DELICATESSEN, bakery and grocery business;
corner; good neighborhood; sunny living
rooms; rent reasonable. Box 1279, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale at a bargain;
good location fnr man and wife; must be suld.
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; rent $23;
good trade; no reasonable offer refused; owner
going to live private. 413 Fifth st. •
RARE opening In daily newspaper field to man
of means; principals only. P. O. box 214,
San Jose, Cal.
$140— OYSTER and chop house; must sell to-
day; account of departure. 307 Grant aye.
WANTED— Cheap for cash, a small grocery or
delicacy store. Address box 613, Call office.
BAKERY and delicacy store, with furniture
for 3 rooms, cheap. 706 Larkin st.
ONE-HALF or whole Interest in saloon on city
front. 25 East St., near Clay.
BOARDING and lodging house. 622 Eddy St.;
see to-day.
$2000--OLD-ESTABLISHED well-paying corner
grocery and bar; fine stock and first-class fix-
tures; good outside trade; sickness of owner
cause of sale. Box 1698, Call office.
MAN with $:ro wanted In enterprising busi-
ness; large profits; stock given as security or
Interest In business and vice-presidency; sal-
ary. Call room 20, 12 Telegraph aye., Oaklnd.
$1400 WILL buy hotel, 26 rooms, hard finished
and furnished nearly new; building cost $4000;
large lot. Call at 12 m.. 256 Third st.
FOR Sale — Cheap; steam cleaning and dyeing
works; well established business; good loca-
tion. 20 Locust st., Santa Cruz, Cal.
$1050— COR. grocery & bar in Mission; owner
there 7 years. Address Grocery, 86$ Folsom.
FRUIT store for sale. ISO Eighth st.
GOOD barber shop for sale cheap; account
sickness. Box 1275, Call office.
MARKET on Mission St.; established by pres-
ent owner over 10 years. Box 1274, Call office.
GOOD and well established beer bottling busi-
ness; close to San Francisco. Box 1249, Call.
FOR SALE— In a healthy farming locality, a
blacksmith shop and tools, a comfortable
dwelling, good barn, chicken house, etc., an
orchard, a water capacity which pays a net
profit of $15 per month: blacksmith business
clears from tlßOfl to $2000 annually: books
subject to inspection; object retiring. Ad-
dress R. H. CLARK, Gonzales, Monterey
County, Cal.
i 3-CHAIR barber shop: established 7 years; $150;
must be sold; 111 health. Box 1296, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a country saloon; not above
$400; no agents. Box 938, Call office.
' BARBER wanted to buy barber fixtures; very
cheap. Apply to 170 Shipley st.
$4000 — A RARE opportunity of obtaining an es-
tablished, paying retail notion and stationery
business, which must be sold, as owners have
been appointed Western agents for Egry
Autographic Registers. Apply PERNAU
BROS.. 543 Clay St., San Francisco.
$1500— PARTY with that amount of money can
secure a good business opportunity in the
wood working line; also house and lot with
income rent of $19 per month, besides two
living rooms with workshop free; also ma-
chinery and tools. Inquire at Call office.
BARBERS Investigate; good 15c shop; two
chairs, clearing $90 per month; lease; good
cigar trade; no reasonable offer refused. 841
Telegraph aye., Oakland.
GOOD bakery; only store trade; cash business;
good location; fine chance for baker. Apply
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wleland Brew-
ery, Second St., near Folsom.
$600 — BOARDING-HOUSE with 11 furnished
rooms; 21 regular boarders; trial before buy-
ing. Address M. J.. box 4, Call office. Oakland.
| $B.lo— SALOON: old established: No. 1 location;
I in Salinas City, Cal ; must be sold at once.
I Address F. F. G.. P. O. box IS4. Salinas City.
i GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
i FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from 080.
W. CASWELL A OO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALS.
26-ROOM house; clears $200; only $400
65 rooms; for exchange 2500
28-room corner; price in office
IS-room house on Sixth st 600
25 rooms; sunny corner 1100
15-room house; clears $100 500
21-room house; central; clears $150 550
32-room house; best in the city 1000
12-room house; worth $800 300
60-room house; worth $8000 SOOO
15-room house; on Sutter st 460
24-room house; clears $150 1400
20-room house: worth $1000 400
60 other houses, from 3 tn 200 rooms. All prices
Money to loan on any house
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— SI ROOMS: north of Market St.; fine.... 53200
14 rooms; near Call building; new 525
31 rooms; transient; Market st 850
20 rooms; select; transient; corner 650
36 rooms: elegant: furnished hotel 1800
18 rooms; rent $60 4."0
22 rooms; north Market; clears $125 1150
13 rooms; all new furniture 575
IF YOU WILL CALL OX US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION,
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22^i GEARY ST.
Money advanced on all houses.
6 rooms; elegantly furnished; Taylor 5t.. .5.150
7 rooms; Turk St.; all rented 275
9 rooms; O'Farrell St.; a give-away 200
10 rooms; new and olegant; Powell st 500
12 rooms; Ellis St.; clears $40 500
15 rooms; Third St.; rent only $30 275
$1000— 38 ROOMS: boy-window corner; centrally
located; clears $75 to $150 per month; $450 ensh,
balance time. KREDO & CO., 2Zhk Geary at.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
16 rooms; P«st st.;- fine $7SO
18 rooms; Geary St.; offices 750
18 rooms; near Call; only 600
20 rooms; rent $28; a bargain 375
81 rooms; furniture A No. 1 1250
40 rooms; rent $64: must sell 650
«0 rooms; rent $75; corner 800
120 rooms; cheap rent 2600
MASON, 22*— 9-room lodging house, all filled,
$350: bargain, account picknesß. Call 2 p. m.
$250— 12-ROOM house; worth $500: north of Mar-
ket St.; must sell. BABILE. 873H Markf B t.
$200—16 ROOMS; good-paying house. 129 Third
street.
EDDY. 522— See It to-day; forced sale; snap;
$100 cash: balance time.
$476— G00D paying 16-room house; a bargain;
good reason for selling. 127 Turk st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CHEAP for cash; t Welsh folding beds; 1
sideboard style with mirror and marble slab;
1 wardrobe style, with mirror; cost $95 each;
also 1 large solid black walnut wardrobe, 1
solid black walnut bookcase, drawers and
desk, and glass front; 5 black walnut arm-
chalrp, upholstered In russet leather. Apply
1721 Buchanan st.
HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
tO HORSES of every description at Emporium
Sales Yards, 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 3!7 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. BT'LLtVAN ft P"YLE. Anctlone>»r!>,
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
*TO LEASE."
HALL to lot. 45x70; well furnished: good piano;
ladies' parlor, etc.; third Tuesday, second and
fourth Thursday, Saturday and Sunday even-
Ing; reasonable prices. 607 Sutter Bt., cor.
Powell.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. BYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS.
DrTcTcT^DONNELL, offlcV^id~resldence7
, 1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
, MEDICAL. ■ '■•;■' ' ">' \
ALL' cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter from what cause): safe
and -sure at any time; : my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fall; travelers helped without delay; home in
confinement; skillful medical : attention; all
those who are ' sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free , and confidential : : strong pills,
• 111 guaranteed cure, $5.; MRS. DR. WYETH,
: » 208 Turk st., near Jones. • '■' : a, . •
ALL , Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies;
' true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
-60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy. and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
-etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; 'no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free;, con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2. :,
ALL of Dr.' Foulet's capsules are . guaranteed
absolute cure for - all ■ female '■ diseases; posi-
tively . safe and . sure; . no. danger or " after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
I mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., '23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— • pur-
, chasing elswhere write us. - . .-, [
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and -how long standing;
1 every woman her own. physician: restores al-
ways in one ■ day, - safe and sure;- no medif'
cine or Instruments used: consultation f reel
saves disgrace; pills, and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician, for
■ 37 years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. .
■LADIES. Chlchester*B English Pennyroyal . Pills
(Diamond Brand), /best: safe, reliable; tak»
no other; send-. 4c stamps for particulars. ;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phila.
DR. WISE, late of. Bellevue Hospital. N. V..
obstretrlcs specialist, offices Hackmeler Hotel;.
123 Eddy st., chronic and - complicated dis-
eases ■ cured; ; patients assured first-class
medical attendance, •- besides enjoying pri-
vacy of home with experienced . attendants;
- strictest confidence maintained in all cases;
. consultation free. Hours, 9 to 11 and 2 to 8.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly I all
cases..of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; . travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients: consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot fail;
box free. MRS. B. ROWAN, Milwaukee, Wi3..
MEN, attention; Army & Navy, sure cure;
cures ■• new and old cases; agency. ■; A. & N. :
■Drug Co., 30C Sixth st., San Francisco. Mail-
ed free on receipt of 75c. .• . .- : .
DR.: and MRS. WEGENER., 1312 Golden Gate
. aye.; private home in confinement, with every i
comfort: best care and attendance;- terms
. moderate:' Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $1 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.; Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement by a first-class
German midwife; infants adopted Into good
homes. 515 Turk St., near Larkln.
LADIES— Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 88 years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
: home In confinement. 156 Second st. r.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ■-'
Marriage licenses. have been Issued as. follows:
William J. Tiffin and Sarah I. Rainferd.. 22-24
Hans L. Mikkleson and Henrietta Smith. .29-18
Andrew Olsen and".Teresa F. Bacigalupl.. 23-24
Cornelius D. Ryan and Julia DRobart.... 22-22
John H. Coleson and Lizzie 0'8rien.... ....26-25
Daniel Mullan and Annie I. H0gan........ 22-21
Alfred A. Thornhlll ! and' Nora H. - Mills 2!-20
L. F. Le Protti and Phebe D. Rosenberg.. 2B-24
J. de M.Perelra and Saraflha A.,Azevedo..27-16
George E. Davis and Anna M. Cortens 23-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAaES—DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death -notices, sent by
mail -will not ■• be inserted. . They must- be
handed in at either of the publlcantion offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized .to have the same published. .
'I \\ ... r " BORN. >r '/ .'■ :± ■ •
ADAMS— In this city, September 15,' 189S, to the
wife of William A. Adams, a daughter. - \.
BRINK— In this city,' September 1,. 1838," to the.
wife of Dr. H. O. .Brink of Lakeport, a
daughter. ."*.' .. '. ..--..-/.=. .: •. •'
CANTWELL— In ' this ' city, September 14, 1898, ,
to the wife of J. J. Cantwell. a son. ", \ .-~
CLONEY— In Hopland, September 7, 1898, to
the wife of M. Cloney (formerly K. Cooney),
,-a son. ..' ;< .-' '.';;. .•■ 'I-*;' T '■ '■, ■'■'■'
DOLTER— In this 'city, September 15, 1898, to
■ the wife of Louis G. Dolter, a son. . . - : ■ ..
FENNELL— In this city, September 17, : 1898, ;to
the wife of John Fennell, a daughter. -.;» •
FOSEN— In Oakland. September 16. 1898,' to the
wife of C. J. Fosen, a son. -.. • !.■'-■- •
GRANVILLE— this city, September 12, . 1898,
to the wife of Joseph O. Granville, a daugh-
••ter.v:,- ■.- ■ ■ • '•:.-•/■ -: ■ .y.- ■ '■■- . '•- , ; •".;.
HANRATTY— In this city, September 15. 1898,
to the wife, of Peter Hanratty. a. daughter. .
HENCKE— In this city. September 11. 1898, to
■ the. wife of William Hencke Jr., a daughter.
KEEFE— this city, September 10. 1898, to
the wife of J. W. Keefe, a daughter. ',. -.
KENltfEY— In this city, September la, .1898, to .
the wife of Joseph. M. Kenney, a daughter.
LAUTER— In St. Helena, Cal.; September 16,
1898, to the wife of Nathan Lauter. a son.
LAV/LOR- In this city, September 12; 1898, to
> the wife of John A. Lawlor, a ' son. " - •
MANES— In this city; September 9. 1898, to the
wife of John Manes, a daughter.
MAYSENHALDER— In this city. September 11,
•. 1898, to the wife of O. - C. > Maysenhalder, • a
daughter. " .".*..■;,. , ■.., ■-.- •
PIERCY— In . this city, .September . 10, 1898, :to
the wife of A. B. Piercy, a son. , .
QUALMAN— this city, September 14; 1898. to
.the wife of F. H. Qualman;. a daughter.
SCHLESIXGER— In this city, September 16,
1898," to the wife of Ferdinand Schlesinger, a
-daughter.' •; - ■ -- »■ _ -- . .
. SIEVERS— In this city, September :3, ' 1898, to
' the -wife of Chris H. E. Sievers, a son.. ; . '.
SORENSON— In this city. September 15, 1898,
to the wife of J. E. Sorenson,' a son.". . '.--•'-..
WOLLERT— this city, September 3. 1898, to
the wife of Herman -WolleTt. a daughter. '; ■
' ;- ■ ■ ' ■ '■ - ■'■ MARRIED. ' ,' .. \ \ -- f -
CLEESE — BENKELMANN —In Butte : ; City,
. Mont., September 15, 1898;. J. P. Cleese of El
Dorado and ; Lena Benkelmann of .Ban Fran-
cisco. . .;■. ...-■.- ■■ .',...■,.■
ROGERS— In Oakland. September 2,
1533, by the Rev. Robert Coyle, Al Rogers
of Alameda ■ and ■ Freda Goetz ■of San Fran-
. cisco. ' ' . - ;-•;■ ..-••-.-
WALSH— PARRY— In this city, '. September ' 4,
IS9S, by the Rev. Father Giles, James .Walsh
" and Callle Parry. ■ ■: ',- .-'.-> ..:_..,"■.- t
'- '•: : DIED. \ ;- ; - : ■■■'..;:' '"
Belding, James S. • ---Klllpack,*- Ann ' 'r>
Blrdsall/ Mrs. N. :A. Lang, Frances 1 - ■" '
Campe, ; Mrs. Geshe ■'• Larsen. Simon '• " '
I Carroll, Michael T. ..: Levy, Helen . .;. . '.
Cohn, Louis :. ■-. .: " McCarthy, ; Joseph H.
Collins. Timothy.;: McNerney, Anthony .
.: Cox. Joseph F. ■■ .o Macy, .George G. -
Culbertson, K. R. - May,,. Joseph i
' Fennell (Infant) . ■ . ' Mayntzer, Joseph- "
. Garasslno, ■ Mary . Morgenthal, Lena ■ "
Goepel, Robert ■■ •'. Neeb, > eronlka - ;
Gould. Joseph ; Noble, ■• Mrs.- C. "A. *
Hart. Noah • Nolan, Mrs. Lizzie ,
_ Hayden. Martin •'•-. : , . Roeknell. r Julia
Hulsman. Joseph F. :t: t Ruge, ; George ■ '
Jones. Charles . - .• ; . Speck, Anna ;; -• '
■ Kennenflck, Margaret • Teague, Mary R. '■ .' '
BELDING— In this city,' September 17, '■'. 1898, :
- James S. Belding, a native of Illinois, aged
. 63 years. ."■■•-",-; ■■ .-. ■.■>.■,.-, •-.;..'•..,,,■-...■■.,
4 ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • Invited Ito attend the funeral this day
" (Sunday), % at 2 o'clock, from ; the.rarlofs of H
; C. Bunker & C 0. ," 2686 Mission street, - Mission
- Masonic Temple.. V Interment :I. O. O. F.
•Cemetery. . ■' '■'; ■'.r';--'- ■•■•■■■■■-'. *■■■-■ : : -^->
BIRDSALL— In this city, September ' 16, 1898."
.Mrs. N. A., wife of Z. Blrdsall, a native of
"j New . York, :, aged ■64 ; years. tf . ;■ ' "• . '  ' -
CAMPE— In Alameda, September 15, 1898, ' Mrs.
Geshe •■ Campe, , beloved- wife of -* John Fred-
I crick : Campe, | and mother -of Grace, Bertha, ■
- Henry and the late Frederick Campe. a- na-
tive of Baden, Hanover, Germany, aged 44
yearn S months and 21 days. :: . - ■ ■ -..-■. ■■ •'- 1~
>■■<:: CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited \ to attend the ; funeral this day
.. (Sunday), at 12:30 -o'clock, from her i late
' ' . residence, 1222 Park avenue. , Interment [ pri-
1 vate, in 1. 1 O. O. F. Cemetery, San Francisco,"
via 2 o'clock creek boat. ,. Please omit flowers.
CARROLL— In .. this - city, September - 17, ' 1898,'
; Michael T., beloved husband of Christina' Car-
' roll; and father of Mary, -Katherlne,' Matthew
and Luke Carroll and Mary. O'Brien, a native
of County KUdare, Ireland. , '; :, v "■
" - ESTFrlends- and acquaintances respect-
: fully invited to attend ' the ; funeral ' to-morrow
- (Monday), 'at ',9 j o'clock, from : his late ' resi-
dence, 2021 Turk street, thence to Holy Cross
I Church, '■- Eddy , street, • where la' requiem " high
• mass • will ibe celebrated for the repose of his
c soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. . : ." . >- •
COHN— In this "city, September ' 17, * 1898, Louis
Cohn; ; . beloved V father ' -of «"i Mrs. Charles ■B.
; Kory :of v Galveston, i Texas, : Mrs. >• Eugene
••-- Btoltz and Louis, Bella, Julia and - Bertha
■-■. Cohn. a native :of • New , ; York, - aged ' 69 • years.
COLLINS— In ., this - city, September 16," IS9B,
-• Timothy Collins, beloved brother of Mrs.
; Mary:Hallinan and j Mrs. M. J. O'Sullivan, a
:■- native ,-> of ■• County •* Kerry, Ireland, ' aged -41
.; years and fi months. ...
;.. ICTFuneral strictly private. Please omit
flowers. ..-; ; -.- '■'..", &■}■'■ ■■■'; '':t. - ; ■'
COX— In • this [ city, J September 16, . 1898. Joseph
. F.. dearly -.beloved husband :. of Mary J. ( Cox.
and father of -Richard and Albert < Cox, : Mrs.
S. Thomas, and Mrs. . O. P. Murray, 'a • native
■ -of ■ England, t aged ■ £4 " years - 8 , months and .11
'days.* A member of- Hiram Lodge No. 43, F.
' and A. M.; at *- El ?. Dorado, Cal., Diamond
; Spring Lodge No. : 9, I. O. O. * F.. . and Court
Adelaide No." 7751, A. O. F. ■ .
;-: -'• ICT Friends ; and acquaintances are respect-
i fully : Invited ito attend ; the i funeral • this , day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, lrom v his late ■< resl-'
i dence ( 1066% Howard street, between '% Sixth
' and *■ Seventh,""-, thence tto st Masonic Temple,
- : Post ■ and Montgomery ; streets; where ? funeral
services will be held, commencing ', at s 1:30
■s o'clock. * Interment I. ;O.•O. > F. Cemetery. V;*;* i
CULBERTSON— In Oakland, September 17, 1898,
4 Kennedy R. Culbertson; dearly beloved ■ son of
... _ ,
1
Mrs. J. W. Brooks, aged 20 years and 4
months.
CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FENNELL— In this city, September 17, 1898,
infant child of John and Josie Fennell. a na-
tive of San Francisco.
GARASSINO— In this city, September 16, 1898,
Mary, dearly beloved daughter of Beneftetta
and the late Stephen Garassino, and sister
of Nicholas, Katie, John, Pauline, Frank
and Domcnic Garassino, Mrs. Elizabeth Don-
dero and Mrs. Clara Binsacca of Watson-
vllle and Mrs. L. Demartini of San Fran-
cisco, a native of San Francisco, aged 2D
years 2 months and 14 days.
tTFriends and ncquaintnncos are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this ilay
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 194 Farragut avenue (Ocean View),
thence to St. Michael's Church. Ocean View,
whore a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 11:30 o'clock, thence to Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GOEPEL— In this city, September 16. ISfIS,
Robert, husband of I>ora Goepel. and father
of William, Charles. Fred, Henry, Gustav
and Clara Goepel, Mrs. Oscar Krieg and Mrs.
A. B. Olsen, a native of Germany, aged 61
years and 3 months.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. n. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GOULD— In this city. September 17, IS9B, Jo-
seph Gould, a native of New Hampshire, aged
6S years.
HART— In this city. September 15. IS9S. Noah,
beloved husband of Julia Hart, son of Wil-
liam Hart of Oakland, and son-in-lavr of J.
H. Coyler, a native of England, aged 40 years
2 months and 5 days.
[TJT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 339 Fourth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
HAYDEN— In this city. September 16. 189S,
Martin, beloved husband of Ellen Hayden,
father of Tessie, Ellen, James. May,
Thomas, Jessie and Ella Hayden, be-
loved son of Patrick and Bridßet Hayden,
and brother of James, John and Mary Hay-
den, a native of Thurles, County Tipperary.
Ireland, aged 39 years.
(D* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1419 Valencia street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third and Gu-
errero streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'ciock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HULSMAN— In this city, September 16, 1898.
Joseph F., dearly beloved and only child of
Albert and Minnie Hulsman, a native of Pan
Francisco, aged 9 months and 12 days.
tC7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 17 Masonic avenue, near Point
Lobos. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JONES —In this city. September 16, 1898.
at his residence, 2406 Mission street,
Charles, beloved husband of Emma Jones,
father of Charles J. Jones, grandfather of
Charles R. Jones and Mrs. J. B. Horn, and
great grandfather of Wanda, Camille and
"Wesley Horn, a native of Penkridge. Staf-
fordshire, England, aged 7$ years 5 months
and 22 days. (Birmingham and Wulvershire,
England, papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintar ea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from Simpson
M. E. Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan
streets, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
KENNENFICK— In this city, September IT,
1898, Margaret Mahoney Kennenfick, a native
of Ireland, aged 6C years.
(TT'Frtendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 20, at S:3O o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church. Fell and Fill-
more streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Brook-
lyn, N. V., Cemetery.
KILLPACK— In this city. September 16, 189S,
Ann, relict of John Killpack, and beloved
mother cf Joseph J. and Ray M. Killpack, a
native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 84
years.
LANG— In this city, September IS, 1898, Fran-
ces, dearly beloved wife of Louis Lang,
mother of Mrs. Rose Vath and Frank J. and
the late Louis and Fred Lang, and grand-
mother of Frances and Stella Vath. a native
of Germany, aged 57 years and 15 days. A
member of the San Francisco Frauen Verein,
Independent German Ladies' Benevolent So-
ciety, and Court German-America No. 156,
C. O. F.
ti^r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 20 Page street, between Franklin and
Gougli. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN— To the
officers and members of the San Francisco
Frauen Verein: You are hereby requested to
assemble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street,
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late sister, Mrs. Frances
Lang. By order of
MKS. M. HORSTMANN, Pres.
MRS. A. MAAS, Sec.
LARSEN— In the City and County Hospital,
September 17, 1898, Simon Larsen, a native of
Norway, aged 39 years.
LEVY— In this city, September 17, 1898, Helen,
dearly beloved and youngest daughter of
Solomon and Esther Levy, and sister of Mrs.
B. Beer. Mrs. W. L. Cohn, Mrs. C. Levy and
Miss Josle Levy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 4 months and 8 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at. 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1624 Geary street, between Bu-
chanan and Webster, thence by 11:30 o'clock
train to New Salem Cemetery for Interment.
MCCARTHY— In South San Francisco, Septem-
ber 16, 1838, Joseph Henry, dearly beloved
husband of Caroline C. McCarthy, beloved
father of Joseph L. McCarthy, only son of
Annie McCarthy, and don-in-law of Charles
Nonnemann Sr., a native of California, aged
33 years 3 months and 27 days.
It^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1312 Sixth avenue s~uth. between L
and M streets south, thence to AlI-Hallowß'
Church, N street and Sixteenth avenue south.
South San Francisco, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of hla soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McNERNEY— In New York City, September 8,
IS9B, Anthony, dearly beloved husband of
Mary McNerney, and father of John and Jo-
seph McNerney, a n. tive of County Long-
ford, Ireland, aged 30 years.
MACY— In this city, September 17, 1898, George
G. Macy, a native of Nantucket, Mass., aged
84 years and 9 months.
MAY— In this city, September 17, 1898. at the
residence of his brother, 16S0 Fell street, Jo-
seph May, a native of Germany, aged 51
years.
■ ty Notice of funeral hereafter. Please omit
flowers.
MAYNTZER— In this city, September 1«. 1898,
Joseph, beloved son of Mrs. Emilia and the
late Joseph Mayntzer, brother of Peter and
Walter Mayntzer, and nephew of Fred Ed-
wards, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 4 months and 6 days.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, rrom the parlors of
Jules S. Godeau, undertaker, 305 Montgomery
avenue, thence to St. Francis Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORGENTHAL— In this city. September 16.
189S, Lena Josephine, dearly beloved and only
daughter of Anton and Minnie Augusta Mor-
renthal, and granddaughter of James T. and
Sophia Smith, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 11 months and 1 day. (Cincinnati,
Ohio, papers please copy.)
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited %o attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence ■£
her parents, 1909 Vallejo street, near Go*ft»
via. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
NEEB— In this city, September 17, IS9B, Vero*.
lka, dearly beloved wife of Henry i>eeb. an 4
mother of Mrs. Annie Lebatard, Mrs. Eliza-
beth Carrell and Henry, William. Charles and.
Fred Neeb, a native of Posen. Germany, aged
60 years 7 months and 13 days.
NOBLE— In this city, September 16, 1898, Mil
C. A. Noble, beloved mother of Mrs. C^
Boughton, a native of New York, aged 81
yearn 7 months and 2 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1800 Ellis street. Interment private.
NOLAN— In Cleveland, Ohio, Mrs. Lizzie, wife
of John F. Nolan, and daughter of Mrs. and
the late William Moran, a native of San
Francisco.
ROCKNELL— In this city, September 17, 1898.
Julia, beloved wife of J. J. Roeknell. mother
of Mrs. James Roundtree. and sister of Mrs.
D. c. Cornwill, a native of Bellefontaine,
Ohio, aged 47 year* 11 months and 4 days.
RUGE— In this city, September 1"), IS9B, George,
dearly beloved husband of Anna Eliza Ruge,
and father of George. Henry and the late
Anna Ruge, a native of Schleswig, Holsteln,
Germany, a«ed 49 years 11 months and 17
days. A member of the San Francisco Turn
Verein, Turn Verein Schuetzen Section.
Verein Eintracht and Verein Concordia!
(prFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the San Fran-
cisco Turn Verein Hall, 323 Turk street,
where funeral services will be held. Re-
mains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1209 Mission street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
SPECK— In this city, September 16. 1898, Anna,
beloved child of Anna and Rudolph Speck,
a native of Germany, aged 3 years and 4
months.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the narlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TEAGUE— In Golden Gate, September 17, IS9B,
Mary Rickard, wife of the late William
Teague, and dearly beloved mother of Luther
A , Fred, Charles and Hattle Teague, Mrs.
Cane and Mrs. S. N. Griffith, a native of
Calstock, England, aged 6j years.
tC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. Dr. A. Cane,
OoMen Gate, Oakland. Interment private.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMUALMBR»|
SO FIfTH ST., tpp. Lincoln School.
Telephone, South _SO. j
1314
WELBOURN`S
GHOST WALKS
ONCE MORE
Brokers Charged With
Being in the Steal.
GUILTY AS THE COLLECTOR
AGENT THRASHER ACCUSES
YOUNGBERG AND BARHAM.
A Shake-Up in the Los Angeles Of
fice — Suspended Officers As
sert That They Are
Innocent.
The internal revenue office of Los An
geles received a shaking up yesterday
when Special Agent Burt M. Thomas, act
ing under orders from Washington, sus
pended from the service Gauger R. M.
Barbam, a brother of the Congressman,
Albert I>. Barham, and Flammer Pane
from the service, disqualified Guy R. Bar
ham, a broker, from doing official busi
ness in the office and removing the office
itself to the Government building' on ac
>'f its proximity to Broker Bar- |
ham's place of business. The removals i
are all a culmination of evidence col
agalnst the nun during the investi
gation of the embezzlements of O. M.
Welburn. The orders for this were ls
at the same time that Broker
Youngberg was forbidden the Collector's
office in thib city, and Special Agent
Thrasher is known to believe from his
investigations that Barham and Young- |
berg were as guilty as the ex-Collector.
The order of suspension is signed by
N. B. Scott, Internal Revenue Commis
sioner, and was based upon reports fur
■i the department by Special Inter-!
nal Revenue Agent L. A. Thrasher. The ■
Charges brought against R. iv. Barham!
aie that he made overcharges for nuals !
and generally stuffed his expense ac- !
count, defrauding the Government out of;
about i2cu. Against -albert Barham the
i harge Is that he is a paralytic and
that he participated in the. alleged frauds
of iiis father. The fact is that the right
hand of young Barham is withered ow
ing to an attack of typhoid fever years
ago, but he has discharged his duties as
storekeeper, and until Thrasher reported!
against him no one has ever heard It
mentioned that ht was incompetent.
Guy Barham claims that Tnrasher
blames him for assisting Internal Rev
enue Collector Welburn, who was recent
1> round to be short in his accounts, and
bis suspension lie says is a bit of spite
work and is due to his friendship for
Welburn.
In his statement to Commissioner
Scott, Thrasher makes specific mention of
what he claims are fraudulent charges,
but presents no proof and says that he
thinks an Investigation should be made,
but further on he recommends the sum
mary dismissal of Barham. The exact
language of his letter to the Commission
er is:
"If investigated the charges might be
found as false."
To those on the inside of the case this j
rather doubtful attitude is taken by
Thrasher from the outcome of his in- !
investigations while stationed here. Dur- '•
ing all the time evidence was being col- I
lected against Welburn a number of In
explicable things were discovered in the
accounts of the Collector, and eventually
It was found that others were implicated.
Youngberg and Guy Barham were sus
pected, and some proof of fhelr guilt was |
round. Thrasher made a full report to |
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, j
and an attempt was made to charge the
two brokers with embezzlement; but the '
department thought the evidence insuf
ficient. The specific charges against
Youngberg were that uncfer the dummy
name of Aiken he drew down $3000 a year
from the Government for nearly two
and a half years. Barham Thrasher
claims, was fully aware of Welburn's em
bezzlements and aided him in making' up
accounts which he knew to be false.
When Agent Thrasher was transferred
from this division he was ordered to re
port to Washington. After a long confer
ence with the Commissioners In which all
evidence was gone over the agent was j
requested to make a full written report j
of every minute detail of the case, This j
""as done, and after being considered by ;
the head of the department for over a
month the orders suspending the taugcrs
and disqualifying the brokers were is
sued.
It is asserted by friends of Guy B. Bar
ham. who is a son of K. M. and brother
of Albert D. Barham, that the charges
and allegations made by Thrasher against
father and son are not only false but
malicious, and Thrasher's motive Is re
venge on Guy Barham, who is an inter
nal revenue broker, and he has the larg
est business of the kind in Southern Cali
fornia. When seen this evening Guy '
Barham made the following statement to I
a Call representative:
"This party Thrasher swore eternal
vengeance upon me some. months ago be
cause I was the friend of O. M. WtJlburn,
ex-Collector, in the days of his prosperity:
"When trouble came upon him I did not
desert him. On the other hand. I put
forth my best efforts to support him. i
went to San Francisco, secured his bond
and saved him from going to jail. In
my humble way I saw to it that he was
enabled to make a defense of the charges
made against him and gave him a help
ing; hand in every way 1 could. When he
was acquitted Thrasher was very mucn
aggrieved and claimed I was responsible
for his failure to secure conviction. He
publicly stated that 1 would rue the day
that 1 put forth a hand to aid my friend
upon whom disgrace and misfortune had
fallen. But Thrasher could do me no
Injury, so he picked out my father and
brother as his victims, striking me over
their shoulders. He has secured their
suspension, but a gross outrage has been
perpetrated. It will be rectified if it
takes every dollar I have In the world ana
every effort I can put forth as long as
there Is breath In my body. .
"My father has lived in California
forty-nine years, and in all that time
there has never been the slightest breath
of suspicion against him. He has been
in the public service for twenty years
and nothing has ever been said to his dis
credit.
"Yet, now In his declining years this
man Thrasher comes forward with alle
gations which are utterly without foun
dation and basely false.
"As to my brother, it is true that he
has the misfortune to be a oriople as to
his right hand. Save that, he Is In every
way sound in body and mind, and his ac
counts, I have been lold, are the best
kept of any in the district.
"Through Thrasher's influence my busi
ness as a broker Is being Impeded and
delayed. In this way he is trying to
ruin me, but he will not succeed. We
will have our day in court, anu this is
all we want. The defense of my father
and brother has already been- forwarded
to Washington, but I cannot disclose it."
From another source it is learned that
every allegation contained in Thrasher's
statement to Commissioner Scott about
Barlfam has been- disproved by affidavits
of a party who, of : his own knowledge,
has stated facts which show Thrasher's
report is not true. • The affidavits are
about twenty-five in number. , I:. M. Bar
ham has resided in Los Angeles for about
thirty years. , Hi- has always been a re
spected citizen, and the Intelligence that
he has been suspended from the Govern
ment service for . making fraudulent
charges to the amount, or $230 in five
year" will be a surprise to them.
Special Agent Thomas of the internal
revenue service declined to talk about the
Barham matter. • .
It Is very probable that unless Commis
sioner Scott acts an endeavor ' will- be
made ■to secure :•■ Congressional investiga
tion' of Thrasher's action in this matter.
Internal Revenue Collector John C.
Lynch loft 1..0S Angeles for San Francisco
last night with a full understanding of
Mr. Barham's position in, the matter.
Cardinal Steinhuber, prefect of the
Congregation of the Index, has under
taken to revise the condemnations of
books decreed in the last 300 years.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Koonan. XOl7-W23 Mission.
EXPLAINS THE
PRINCIPLE OF
FAITH CURES
E. A. Kimball Tells of
Their Scope.
NOTED CHRISTIAN SCIENTIST
HIS CULT FOUNDED ON BELIEF
AND BENEVOLENCE.
Mr. Kimball Predicts That as Time
Rolls On His Followers Will
Increase in Numbers
Everywhere.
Edward A. Kimball, member of the
board of lecturers of the international
body of Christian Scientists, and also
a member of their board of examin
ers, has come to California to give in
formation concerning the principle and
objects of the church.
Mr. Kimball has addressed large au
diences in all the great cities of the
Western States. He has spoken in
Riverside, San Diego, Pasadena, Los
Angeies and Oakland, and will speak
in this city at Golden Gate Hall on
Tuesday next.
Mr. Kimball has written the follow
ing article for The Call on the his
tory, scope and future of the Scientist
movement:
The history of Christian Science as a
relig-io-sclenUnc movement begins with
the discovery of this science of life by
Rev. Mary Baker Eddy in lS6t> and its
subsequent exposition to the world.
The ages have yearned and prayed for
deliverance from human woe. Men and
women standing hiph In the esteem of
the world have predicted and prophesied
the reign on earth of that which should
redeem and Bave, and especially have
they foretold the ultimate understand
ingof the science of healing, which would
dominate disease and its causes.
Christian Science, which is a revelation
of the truth concerning the principle,
facts and laws of being, was discerned
EDWARD A. KIMBALI
and promulgated by Mrs. Eddy after
many years or religious, scientific and
metaphysical Investigation and culture,
which alone could prepare the mind for
the supersensible perception and grasp
of such a. vast and profound subject. Af
ter 3 ears of demonstration, which includ
ed h< r own recovery from what was re
garded as a fatal sickness, she begun to
make known to the world this gospel of
healing and deliverance. Thirty years
figo this minister of God, immovably
fixed on the basis of ascertained and de
monstrated scientific intelligence, appear
ed at the portals of human thought with
her message of supreme good, disclosing
the science of Jesus' teaching and works,
jind the exact way of salvation from sin
and misery
If a stricken humanity had formulated
all of its needs in one vast petition to
God it might have found its answer In
the revelation of Christian Science with
its limitless possibilities and availability.
In the reception which the world accord
ed this announced science which reveals
and declares the right fend might of in
telligence divinely bestowed, history has
repeated itself.
As of old the ignorant and carnal
mind, true to the genius of its historical
enmity against good, rose in its hateful
wratli to scorn the message and to re
vile, insult and persecute the levelator;
and yet In spite of the malignant tide
of antagonism, which would have hope
lessly apppalled one who was unsustain
ed by divine wisdom, this woman, in
whom the very spirit of self-sacrifice and
godly perseverance was incarnated,
pressed on with the knowledge that good
is omnipotent and will prevail.
As time wore on the sick were hea!e<*
and taught the rudiments of this science
and the nucleus of the great Christian
Kfience organization was formed. The
Massachusetts Metaphysical College was
founded and thousands of people from all
parts of the land were taught there and
returned to their homes to engage in the
work, and in this way the growth of the
denomination has advanced after the
manner of geometrical progression. To
day the denomination has hundreds of
churches la America and foreign coun
tries and hundreds of thousands of peo
ple are either members of these churches
or in immediate affiliation with them.
As a religious organization there is no
sectarian law: and only a simple denom
inational policy. Each branch church
lias an independent form of church gov
ernment and the only semblance of cen
tral authority is that which is lodged In
the mother church In Boston. The de
nomination has a publishing house in
Boston which publishes a weekly paper
aiid a monthly magazine and certain
books on the subject of Christian Science,
including the works of Mrs. Eddy. Her
original work. "Science and Health, With
Key to Scriptures," is the only text lx,ok
of genuine Christian Science. It ban
passed through more than 150 editions
and has hundreds of thousands of con
stant readers and students. As the fault
less key U> the revelation contained in
the Bible this book is accomplishing mor«
to-day for the weal of mankind than any
other scientiiic or religious work that is
known to the world. It rests largely on
scriptural authority and sanction, and
enables the learner to grasp the true,
spiritual import of the Biblo.
The scope of Christian Science is in
finite. It is the truth about God. man
and the universe; about law. government,
power, action and substance. To even
summarize this scope in the narrow area
of a newspaper article is obviously im
possible. The Christian Scientists" who
are taking their primary footsteps on
this great scene of science have not. as
yet, reached the fullness of an under
standing thereof, nor wrought out all of
the possibilities of demonstration, but al
ready far more than a million cases of
sickness have been healed and nearly, if
not auite all, of the known forms of
disease hnvo been mastered thereby.
Tens of thousands of drunkards have
been reclaimed; the sinner has been
turned from evil thoughts and way«,
the sorrow'ng have been comforted and
every conceivable phase of miserable
conditions have either been exterminated
or geatly relieved.
. The paramount object of Christian Bcl
j ence Is to institute and procure a moral
preform. It not only presents a hirhar
THE SAN FT? AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
LEES' HEART IS MADE GLAD.
Police Drum Corps Causes a Riot, but Gives the
Chief a Chance for Fresh Display,
IT all came about In this way. The
evening watch was drawn up in
the Central Station, ready to po
on duty at 6 o'clock, Friday even
ing, when Wittman— Captain Wittman
— Captain Cold Feet Wittman—march
ed in review before his expectant
subordinates. There was something
doing; the men could see that at a
glance, but whether it was another
assessment to buy the captain a pair
of Arctics (it's coming on winter) or
the reading of another pronunciamen
to on the Botkin case, they could not
determine. They were not kept long
in suspense, however.
"Men." began the captain in that
Chilkoot Pass voice of his that rang
through the assembly room like a
trapped blast on a fog horn. "Men,
you have all heard about the fife and
drum corps we are organizing for our
beloved Chief! Well, it goes. Hero,
now, none of your hilarity; I'll break
the first man that smiles. As I was
saying, it's all ready for business, that
is, the drum corps is. We're a few
shy on flfers yet. but we've got six
teen drummers in the three up-town
divisions, and they will begin practice
when they report off duty at mid
night. We've engaged Hallelujah Fete,
the drummer of the Salvation Army
band, as instructor and he will be on
hand In the shooting gallerey in the
basement. Of course, the men will be
expected to pay him, but his terms
are reasonable.
'•In my division we will have eiglit
drummers to start with, and I expect
to have as many flfers in a few weeks.
Splllane and Glllen have four drum
mers apiece, though two of Spillane's
men—O'Connor and Naylor— can double
up with the fife if necessary. I here
by detail Officers John J. Mclaughlin,
S B. Bunner, Loyal Webster, John W.
LJutterworth, W. H. Hints, Peter J.
Keyes and John W. Eratt as drum
mers of th:- division. They will be
respected and obeyed accordingly.
Spillane's four are H. D. Jackson,
John R. O'Connor, T. C. Naylor and
J. J. McEntee. Gillen has selected T.
W. Marlowe. W. Kearney, Joseph
Redmond and Eugene Herve as his
musician!?. You will all show them
the proper amount of esteem. All will
meet here to-night for practice; don't
any of you fellows in my division try
to work' any sick baby excuses on me.
Right forward, fours right; sergeant ,
take command," and the captain
watched his men flic out into Larkln
street.
At twenty-three minutes of 12 yes
terday morning, Sergeant Lindhelmer
was peacefully slumbering in the of
fice of the City Prison. The prison
ers, male and female, were doing like
wise in their cells, while over in the
Southern Station Michael Joseph Con
boy was taking his forty winks be
fore starting out on his rounds. There
were some more tired policemen in
other parts of the big building, for
policemen are always tired.
Down in the shooting gallery, un
der the McAllister street wing of the
City Hall, sixteen husky patrolmen,
stripped to the buff, were lined up bo
fore an ex-sailorman cJad in a red
sweater and other habiliments of the
ideal of ': life but It reconciles man to too
alight and shows how violations of these
Taws involve him in hopeless and
ruin. Christian science . reveals the ■ only
true God and inclines man to uncom
promising obedience to him. It • fortifies
man with a rational trust in God and a
reliance which \is serviceable and avail
ing. It discloses the true way of salva
tion which is set forth in the Bible and
reveals Jesus ; Christ as the complete.ex
position of the way, which is neither, mys
terious nor miraculous, but >: is scientific
and divinely- natural. It furnishes the
only feasible. explanation of the divinity
of Christ; < reveals the true : philosophy of
life which eliminates mystery and plants
the consciousness of man on the ; - basis
of reason rightly directed, instead of in
volving him In 'the maelstrom of the so
called supernatural. v 2, ,\ *
The future operation and activity of
this Christian knowledge has always been
In the hands of God; and will there re
main. All actual science In infinite. It has
no ebb or flow, no mutations, no fluctua
tions. It simply is. Christian Science is
not new truth , and there can be no doubt
as to its future. • The i real question : is •as
to the capacity of mortals to discern the
fact 1 that - it ; Is '•: supremely ' good and ■■ be
stows the most • unspeakable blessings
upon them that -understand It and •; who
are 1 willing, to turn from* the 5 ignorance,
superstition and sin which prostrate, des
olate and 'consume.- ' Christian ;• Scientists
do not attempt to :s formulate < a personal
opinion of the ; future progress of this
cause ■•' but ' as - knowledge ■ is ; also ; fore
knowledge it ■ may be - prophetically de
clared that ■ this : revealed truth i which • has
regenerated and elevated the motives, as
pirations, hopes ? and desires ; of .- men . will
continue . to ido i so. v That '- It will continue
to - educate '- men • away • from i conjectural
and finite ; misconceptions" of .being > and
bestow upon them 5 the intelligence which
redeems, - revivifies .and *. saves. That it
! will still manifest its ■ universal ; and eter
nal - good by reforming ; the V sinner :»• and
healing ; the 1 sick. That >It will still teach
men the inevitable !of hatred and
evil ; and incline them |to .love I one another
and to :, be ■' ''honest; 1 ' merciful J and I pure."
Confident that "his word : will not return
unto him void." we may. continue to know
that the actual' science i of life which must.
< dominate tha ; diseases ;of s buraswity " will
Salvation Army. Some of the six
teen had drums— drums large and
small; others were festooned with
large, vibrating dlshpans. while Loyal
Webster and Joe Redmond had wash
boilers attached to their necks. All
were armed with sticks.
Hallelujah I'ete had explained the
process of beating "Mammy-Daddy,"
and gave the signal to being the first
lesson. There came a crash that rat
tled every brick in the big building,
shattered windows for half a dozen
blocks around, brought peaceful citi
zens onto the streets scantily attired
and half crazed with fear, while a car
on the McAllister street line was
thrown "from the track by the force of
the concussion.
"Blessed rabbi!" shrieked Sergeant
Linihelmer. crawling out from under
the chair which had landed on top of
him when he hit the floor, "das Ist
nicht dor vay to celebrate Rosh Ha
shono."
Michael Joseph Conboy, when he
came down from the ceiling, drew his
gun and club and made a dash for
the door, shouting as he went: "Come
on, felleys; thim devils ay Tinnysay
ens is trying to reskey Rosser." Cap
tain ■\Vittman. who had been waiting
Impatiently In his office for the lesson
to begin, rushed downstairs to see If
the musicians had exploded the mag
azine. He opened the door and the
sound poured forth in huge volumes.
The lesson was a complete success.
Every one of tlit- sixteen was swinging
liis .stick In unison, with as much ar
dor and in much the same manner as
though he were clubbing a refractory
drunk into submission, and all were
blissfully unconscious of the riot they
were creating on the streets.
The lesson proceeded and the crowds
continued to gather. Wittman went
back to detail a squad to allay the
fears of the populace, and started
downstairs again to watch the pro
ceedings. As he did so, Radigan, the
driver of the patrol wagon, dashed
up and demanded to know what the
trouble was.
"Only the drum corps at work. Go
back and finish your nap," replied the
captain.
"Are they going to keep that up
long?" queried the driver.
"Only for an hour or so."
"Well, I'll take the tea.m and drive
over to the North End station. If you
want mo. telephone. Blamed if I'm
going to take chances on having my
health shattered by that racket."
Wittman returned to the scene of
the conflict, and tifteen minutes later,
when Chief Lees came tearing down
into the basement, the lesson had
progressed so satisfactorily that the
drummers were marching up and
down the chamber beating "hay foot,
stray. 1 foot," with Wittman in the
lead airily twirling a broom in lieu
of a baton, while a smile that looked
like a cross between a case of stom
ach ache and a ham sandwich, beati
fier his countenance.
"What the d " began the Chief,
and then he stopped in astonishment.
The procession also came to a halt,
and Wittman hastened to explain that
he had reached the conclusion that it
was high time that the drum corps
got down to work, and hoping to give
his Chief a pleasant surprise he had
ordered the men to begin practicing 1
without further delay.
"That's all right," replied the Chief,
"only we heard the racket down on
Market street, and everybody sup
posed there was more trouble with
the volunteers. Say, the boys are do
ing fine, ain't they?" and the Chief
surveyed the scene admiringly.
"Oh, it's going to be great, Chit/,"
chatted the captain. "Them fellows
be recopnized. learnod and obeyed; that
it will t-stablish In the consciousness ot
man his God-given dominion over all
the earth; pacify the nations; consume
the agonies of social, political and in
ternational strife, and manifest the reign
of heaven in the hearts of mankind,
which shall tranquillze and satisfy unto
the uttermost.
When all this will be accomplished "no
man knoweth. ' but the foretelling and
reiteration of revealed truth urges its im
pressions and predictions now just as it
did whf-n St. John declared: "And God
shall wipe away all tears from their eyes;
and there shall be no more death; neither
sorrow nor crying; neither shall there be
any more pain — for the rormer things are
passed away."
EDWARD A. KIMBALL.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Minnie; A. Taylor* (owner) with William
Helblns; (contractor and architect).' Alterations
ami additions :to a ; 2-htory frame building at
2704 Webster street, above Jackson; J1032.
'" D. c E. Collins (owner") with -' A. Hermann &
Co. (contractors), i architect . M. .T. Welch. All
work . except ■ painting, : plumbing.' ; gasntting.'
shades. -gas fixtures,' mantels and sewerage; lor
a 1-story, frame cottage 3 with rouj*h basement
on lot on;S line .if .1 street,3 2:6 W of Eighth
avenue.' '--.W 25 by S:l00;:;i350.-- •..-.. .:-....
John >A. Christen : (owner) with A. H. : Wll
helm (contractor), : architect H. Gellfua. ~ Ex
cavation, brick and : carpenter work ~ r and ' plas
tering for a 2-story- frame building and stable
in. rear on lot on E line of Valencia street. 355
N of -Twenty-sixth, -.N 30: C by E 117:6; $3433.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE : HOTEL. .
E: E Hartzell, -NY : Miss B Forrest, Oak
W Donaldson, *; Mo ■■ ; J W Stevens, Oak '
Capt Rathbone. .- Mo * . J. T Rountree. - Denver
OF Prl— Louisville T Be witt "• Talniage,
W L Tomllns. Chlego Washington^ :-:
V Llddell. N r C . L W ro!»mnn, London
Mrß Llddell, N C E X Larimore.iPortld
MliwS X Hall, N C; ; Mrs X Larimi)r«, Port
A C, Hell. Wash ! ' ; O (J Erlckson, N V -
Mrs AG • 8011, ■ Wash . J a l.iln«». N V ■
Miss Bf-11. Wash ; ' H Kind. V - :
HIM P Bell, Wash " F'Carolan,' Burllngam
Count of Tnurln, Italy Mrs Carolan. Bur!ne;m
Major- of Carpenetto, H M Gorham. G old H
Italy v . • . ;. 0 t>avl«, S Joaquln
J Maxwell. Belevdcre |H H Lee & w. Denver
Mrs Maxwell,, Relvedre' H s Cronmeyer, ~ N- V %
Mlsb F Forrest;;. Oak v1 8 ■W / Belby. ; Chicago
t D-W Jaoiw, -N-T I ■_■- --- ,
Is all right. There won't be a force
in America that can touch us the
next time we come down "Van Ness
avenue. And say, Chief, I've been
thinking this thing over, and as you'll
be on horseback and I am the first
captain In line, why I guess it would
be better when we parade to have
Birdsall tnke command of the com
pany and me to have one of these
here drum-major businesses and lead
the drum corps."
"Now, look here, Frosty," and there
was a ring to the Chief's voice that
suddenly checked all circulation in the
subordinate's extremities, "you've got
another gruess coming to you, and it's
overdue now. That little performance
of yours looked mighty neat and you
can paste a revenue stamp to it that
your Uncle Isaiah is going to lead that
drum corps. In reading up the law on
the Botkin case I find that as Chief of
Police all honors there are going fall
to me, and your uncle is not famous
for overlooking any bits. Now, Frosty,
there's no use feeling sore over this.
You're only captain, while I am Chief,
ami, besides, I'll give you some more
gold lace and let you ride a horse if
you can— l mean, if you wish. Now,
that's fair, and I don't know but you
are getting the best of it, for you will
ride and wear a sword, while I must
say. Frosty, do all drum majors walk?
Didn't you ever hear of a. mounted
drum major? No! Well, why couldn't
I Introduce the fashion? Now, here's
an idea. I can ride a horse just the
same and wear that sword the boys
are going to buy for me, too. That
will be hung on my left side, and I can
swing my drum major's baton in my
right hand. Say, Frosty, ain't that
great? and a bearskin shako; I'll have
to get the Commissioners to provide
for that In my regulation uniform,
and that gold belt slung across the
shoulders drum majors wear— baldric,
1 think they call It, and Frosty," here
the Chief's eyes sparkled with delight,
"I guess may be I can wear two pairs
of eqaulettes on my new Uniform — one
to designate my rank as Chief of
Police and the other as drum major.
Now, Frosty, all this will come to you
after I retire and you become Chief,
but at present you will have to occupy
a. gallery scat and give your uncle the
whole dress circle. Besides, it would
not do for you to throw the boys down
by not wearing your sword after tax
ing them for it. Now, we'll start up
the drums again and I'll just try my
hand at leading them," and the ven
erable Chief seized the broom and
pranced off gayly at the head of the
procession.
It la announced from the office of the
Chief of Police that rehearsals of the
drum corps will be held dally (or
nightly) hereafter, and already prop
erty within twelve blocks of the City
Hall has depreciated 40 per cent. The
Chief v/ill soon address communica
tions to Governor Budd and General
Miller asking them to get uo a mili
tary parade as escort to the ' Stanford
and Berkeley football teams on
Thanksgiving day, at which he will
promise to turn out the entire depart
ment, drum corps and all, to pilot the
military and civic bodies
GRAND HOTEL.
G H Appel, Cal w W Douglas, Sacto .
(x H Anderson, S Jose Mrs E C Andrews, Cal
&& t PP ™ I L. & , WVW V , v? se L A Tappan & w. Cal
2 £-, ] £ . Faul - J/ kiah * w Holloway & w.'Cal
H \\ilhelmer, Mt View S S Hall, bacto
W S Tinning-/ Martinez A B Smith. Benicla
J.C None, Capay ' W Maloney, c a i
D Adams,, Esparto L J Davids. San' Diego
t V? Ro e> New , York L R Poundstone. : Cal -
J Glng. New York , Miss S Poundstone/ Cal
tt^ trowel). Chicago Miss R Poundstone.Cal
H D Scribner. Decoto L E Albins, Fresno
£ sr^, I(ler ' Calf " Is J Ashman. -Fresno ■
EW: Garrison.. Berkley. l Jackson, Fresno ■
T Scott, Llvermore |T Holmes &w, S Cruz
£ Mor«lieiiO '? ~-? acto J T Grant, Stanford
E W Holland, Tulare JE B Jess, Belmont '-
I: Latin-.,,. • Mil.-.. . -. Ac B Bills & w, 8n Jose
G A McElfresh. I>sAng G .1 Duder, Sacto
W H V Smith;: Chicago M L Dawson Cal '
M T Baker. San .To«e Daly, p Vallejo
AY. 8 Jenkins. Scnora |O Dlebr»nd & w Vallejo
R G McCracken. Stanfd-W. J Silberstein. Cal
F W - Watson. Stanford iW Alexander, Bodie
J W. Harland, Chicago. - .
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H White & w, Oakland V.' Hopkins, Sacto
A Heeler, Sausallto Miss Keanson S Jose
A Klnsteln. N V Mrs Hopkins. 8 Jose
G H Uoshleigh, N V iMlcs Reeves, S Jose
J Shinlan, B Rafael G Duncan, S Jose
P Smith. Hausalito J Kennedy, Vallejo
James Cain, Cal H Scovel L Ane
O Reed & w. R Diego I S Lewis. Glen Ellen
M A Rolfe. Chicago IMiss P Allen Cal
Q McGowan. Alaska Miss J Plnp. Cal
II Cnnsford, Rome |W D Davis, Pinole
C S Heller, Fresno IJ Shiveley, Chic-ago
W Dudley. Stanford IH B Allen. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Watson. Napa F Richards. Palo Alto
O W Ayers. Reno II W Krinc.-i. Stockton
W E Wilson. Seattle A Krines. Stockton
B Waters. San Jose F J Walker & w. Cal
G O Manley. Fresno C C Williams & w. Cal
T Clausßen. Vlsalia W Hawes. Shasta
J N Armstrong, Dixon W F MrMonagle, N V
C L Davis, Riverside M Jessica, Boston
J D Joyce, San Diego J E King &w, t ourtlj
M Donaldson. Fresno G W Burnett &f. Sac
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company realized the fol
lowing- prices for California fruit It sold at
auction to-day:
BOSTON, Sept. 17.- Grapes— Tokay, $1 3MW
1 70. average Jl 44; Muscats, average $1; as
sorted, Jl 22. Two cars sold.
Sicilian laborers are glad to get ten
pen.ae a day for fourteen hours' work.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
di^Bb 9 £St
! Some men will stay "re- g)
formed" as long as ' you 5
keep a strait-jacket on &
3 them. \
2 When He is cured he won't m
When ne is cured he won't »
1 have to be "reformed" every i
2 six months. The worse the
I six months. The worse the 1
drunkard the surer the cure. I
1 Write Today. |
> THE KEEL.KY INSTITUTES, ft
JH7O Market Street, San Francisco, ?
Doaoboe Bide ft
232 North Mala Street. Los Angeled. W
Fred A. Pollock, Manager. ■
I ENORMOUS SALES I
I Smith Premier Typewriters. |
♦ RAPIDLY REPLACING ALL OTHER MAKES +
° ART CATALOGUE FREE. O
♦ L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO., ♦
O .. Coast Agents, 9
5 110 MONTGOMERY STREET, S. F. o
<-O-^O-*-O-»-O ■♦• O -♦- O -♦- O ■*-
CALL FOR A PRIMARY ELECTION
—FOR THE—
SELECTION OF DELEGATES
—TO THE—
REPUBLICAN
MUNICIPAL CONVENTION
—AND TO THE—
Legislative, Judicial and Educational Con-
vention of the City and County of San
Francisco.
THE REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMITTEE
of the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, being the committee of
the Republican party of the City and County
of San Francisco, and of the legislative dis-
tricts thereof, and being the committee there-
unto authorized by law, and by the rules and
regulations of the Republican party, and by the
Republican organization of thu State of Califor-
nia, hereby resolve.', us follows:
First— That a legislative. Judicial and edu-
cational convention of and representing the
Republican party of the United States, and of i
the State of California and of the City and |
County of San Francisco, be and the same Is
hereby called to meet in the City and County
of San Francisco, on the 27th day of Septem-
ber, IS9B, at 8 o'clock p. m., in Native Son's
Hall. Mason street, between Geary and Post,
in said city and county, for the purpose of
nominating candidates of the Republican party,
for members of the Board of Eucation of said
city and county. Superintendent of Public
Instruction of said city and county, four Judges
of the Superior Court, in and for said
city and county, five Justices of the Peace in
and for said city and county, four Judges oi' the
Police Court of said city and county, one As-
semblyman from each Assembly District in
said city and county, and one Senator from
each of the even numbered Senatorial Districts
in said city and county, which said candidates
are to be voted for at the election to be heid
on Tuesday, November 8, 1898, and for the
transaction of such further business aa may
come before said convention.
Second— That a municipal convention of and
representing the Republican party of the
United States, and of the State of California,
and of the City and County of San Francisco,
be and the same Is hereby called to meet in
the City and County of San Francisco on the
27th day of September, 1898, at 8 o'clock p. m.,
in Native Sons' Hall, Mason street, between
Geary and Post, in said City and County, for
the purpose of nominating candidates of the
Republican party, for all offices other than
those for which candidates are to be nom-
inated by the legislative, judicial and educa-
tional convention, to be filled at said election
in said city and county, t.i elect a county
committee of the Republican party for said
City and County of San Francisco, to conduct
the affairs of the Republican party, and to
have entire charge thereof, from the first day
of January, 1399, for the period of two years,
and thereafter until their successors shall have
been duly elected and qualified, and for the
transaction of such further business as may
be brought before said municipal convention.
Third— That each of said conventions shall
be respectively an organized assemblage of
delegates representing the Republican party
of and in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, and of all the election precincts, wards,
Assembly and Senatorial districts thereof.
Fourth— That each of said conventions shall
consist of 313 members, to be selected as fol-
lows, to wit: From each Assembly District to
each of aaid conventions as many delegates as
there are precincts in said Assembly districts
respectively.
Fifth— That a primary election is hereby
called for the purpose of selecting raid dele-
gates to said conventions. Ha:<l primary elec-
tion shall be held on the 22d day of September.
185(8, between the hours of eleven a. m. and
seven p. m. of that day, and shall be lield by
Assembly districts, the Republican voters of
each Assembly District voting respectively for
the delegate* to which said Assembly districts
shall respectively be entitled.
Sixth— That there shall be two or more polling
places In each of the Assembly districts of said
city and county, provided that in no district
shall there be more than three, the location of
which is hereunto appended.
Seventh— That the officers of election at each
of said polling places shall be one inspector,
two Judges and two clerks. Said election offi-
cers shall be apjxilnted by th<? Rppubllcan
County Committee of the city and county of
San Franc-isco.
Eighth — That in addition to all other grounds
of challenge under the laws of this State,
governing general elections, the following test
may on such challenge be put to voters at said
primary election, to wit: "I -vlll vote at the
ensuing general election for the nominees of
the Republican party."
Ninth— That no person shall be permitted to
vote at said primary election unlens his name
shall appear upon the register of voters of said
city and county for the year 1896. of the pre-
cinct and district for which he offers his vote,
or unless he shall present a certificate of rec-
lstratlon for the year 18:»S from tne Registrar
of Voters of said city and county.
Tenth — That the names of all candidates to
be voted for at said primary election must )«>
presented to the secretary of this committee
on or before the hour of 11 a. m. of Wednesday,
the 21st day of September, 1S!>8. at the head-
quarters of this committee, H33 Market street.
San Francisco, and no name not so presented
shall be considered or canvassed at said
primary election.
Eleventh— That the returns of said primary
election shall be made to the secretary of this
committee at its headquarters. 92,1 Market
street, San Francisco, Immediately after the
canvass by the (lection board* of i\V, vote!
cast at such election. This county committee
shall meet at 9 o'clock p. m. on said 22d day
of September. IS9S, at Its headquarters, and
shall proceed forthwith to canvass the said
returns and to declare the result of said
primary election.
Twelfth— That all contests arising at or from
said election shall be heard and determined by
this county committee, and all Buch contests
must be filed in writing with, this committee.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
at ' Its headquarters, within ! twenty-four houiV
after the closing of the polls at said pnmar.j
election, otherwise the same shall not be con-
sidered. , . .
Thirteenth— That no delegate to either of said
conventions shall be eligible as a candidate for
nomination before either of ■ said conventions.
Fourteenth— That this call for a primary elec-
tion ehall be published in a newspaper or news-
papers of general circulation in the city ana
county of San Francisco, at least one time, ana
not less than two days prior to the date or said
primary election. -
APPORTIONMENT OF j DELEGATES.
Twenty-eigth Assembly District, 34 delegates.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District, 38 delegate!.
Thirtieth Assembly District, 34 delegates.
Thirty-first Assembly District. 34 delegates.
Thirty-second Assembly District, 28 delegates.
Thirty-third Assembly District, 30 delegates.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District, 42 delegates.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District, 28 delegates.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District, 40 delegates.
Thirty-seventh Assembly District, 42 dele-
gates.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District, 36 delegates.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District. 40 delegates.
Fortieth Assembly District, 40 delegates.
Forty-first Assembly District, 38 delegates.
Forty-second Assembly District, 32 delegates.
Forty-third Assembly District. 32 delegates.
Forty-fourth Assembly District, 30 delegates.
Forty-fifth Assembly District, 28 delegates.
I-ty-nrst Assembly District, 38 delegates,
•ty-second Assembly District, 22 delegate*,
■ty-thlrd Assembly District. 32 delegates,
•ty-fourth Assembly District, 30 delegates.
ty-fUth Assembly District, 28 delegates.
LIST OF POLLING-PLACES.
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT,
Polling place No. I—lll Minna street, includ-
ing precincts Nos. 1. 2, 7, 8, 9. 10. 11 and 13.
Polling place No. 2—507 Howard street, pre-
cincts Nos. 3. 4, 5, 6, 12. 14, 15, 16.
TWENTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. 1—296 Natoma street, pre-
cincts Nos. 1, 3, 4. 7, 9, 12, 13 and 17.
Polling place No. 2—102 Shipley street, pre-
cincts Nos. 2, 5, 6, 8, 10, 11, 14, 15 and 16.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT. '
Polling place No. I—loo 6 Howard street, pre-
cincts Nos. 1. 2. 3, 4, 5, C, 7 and 17.
Polling place No. 2—1021 Howard street, pre-
clncts Nos. 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and It
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
• Polling place No. 1—162 Seventh street, pre-
cincts Nos. 1, 2. 3, 4, 6. 6, 7 and 11.
Polling place. No. 2—13642 — 1364 Folsom street, pre-
cincts Nob. 8. 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17.
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. Northeast corner Third
and Townsend streets, precincts Noa. 1, 2, 3, 4.
S, 6, 7 and 9.
Polling place No. 2—724 Brannan street, pre-
ling place No. 2—724 Brannan street, pre-
cincts Nos. 8, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. I— Northeast corner of
Twenty-fourth and Bryant streets, precinct*
Nos. 1 to 9 inclusive. ...
Polling place No. 2— 926 Illinois street, pre-
cincts Nob. 10 to 15 Inclusive.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT. .
Polling place No. 1—2002 Folsom - street, pre-
cincts Nos. 1 to 11 Inclusive. _
Polling place No. 2— Northwest corner Elev-
enth and Howard streets, precincts Not. 12 to
20 Inclusive.
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. I—l2oB Valencia street; pre-
cinctß Nos. 1 to 8 inclusive.
Polling place No. 2—14 Thirtieth street, pre- ,
cincts Noe. 9 to 14 inclusive.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
(Three Polling Places.)
Polling place No. I— Ocean and San Joe*
avenues, precincts Nos. 19 and 20.
Polling place No. 2—327 Duncan, street, pre-
cincts Nob. 8. 11. 12, 13. 14, 15, 16. 17 and 18. ■
Polling place No. 3—3886 Seventeenth street,
precincts Nos. 1, 2. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9 and 10.
THIRTY-SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. I— Northeast' corner Oak
and Devlsadero streets, precincts Nos. 1 to 11
Inclusive.
Polling place No. 2—204 Gough, street, pre-
cincts Nos. 12 to 21. inclusive.
THIRTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. I—6ol McAllister street, pre- 1
cincts Nos. 1 to 11 inclusive.
Polling place No. 2—1122 Devisadero street,
precincts Nos. 12 to 18 inclusive. ; .
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. I— Birch avenue and Larkln
street, precincts Nos. 1 to 10 inclusive.
Polling place No. 2—805 Larkin street, pre-
cincts Nos. No. 2—805 Larkin street, pre-
:s Nos. 11 to 20 inclusive.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. 1—1627 Fillmore street, pre-
cincts Nos. 1 to 10 inclusive.
Polling place No. 2— Northwest corner of De-
visadero and Sutter streets, precincts Nos. 11
to 20 inclusive. No. ? 2— Northwest corner of De-
ro and Sutter sheets, precincts Nos. 11
Inclusive.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. I— Southeast corner Polk
and Pacific streets, precincts Nos. 1 to 10 in-
clusive. .
. Polling place No. 2— Northwest corner Union,
and Stelner streets, precincts Nos. 11 to 19 In-
clusive. -•?*<•?> ???,■?
FORTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. I—7 Mason street, precinct*
Nos. 1 to 7 inclusive.
Polling place No. 2-1337 California street,
precincts Nos. 8 to 16 inclusive.
FORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. I—lls1 — 115 Stockton street, . pse-
cincts Nos. 1 to 8 Inclusive.
Polling place No. 2—703 California street, pre-
cincts Nos. 9 to 16 inclusive. ; ;# .^
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. I— l4oB Dupont street, pre-
cincts Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 11. 12 and 14. . -
Polling place No. 2—604 Lombard street, pre-
cincts Nos. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. 13 and 15.
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Polling place No. 1— Drumm street, pre-
cincts Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 9.
-Polling place No. 2—lool Battery street, pre-
cincts Nos. . 7. 8, 10. 11. 12. 13 and 14.
Adopted at a regular meeting of the Republi-
can County Committee of the city and county
of San Francisco on the 16th day of September,
IS3B, and published in accordance with the re-
solutions of said committee. . . . ■
THOMAS D. RIORDAN. Chairman,
P. H. PRENDERG AST, Secretary.
OFFICIAL CALL
REPUBLICAN CLUBS.
■Whereas. In the present campaign Issues of
vital importance are submitted to the • people
of: this State for. consideration and decision;
md
Whereas, The principles involved in the suo-
;ess of Henry T. Gage, our candidate for Gov-
ernor; and the defeat of . James G. Magulre.
the Democratic-Populist candidate, are of such
Importance ■to the , commonwealth that it be-
hooves every conservative citizen, " laborer,
merchant . and- capitalist to interest himself
actively. In the work of this campaign; and
Whereas The Democratic candidate claims
Ban Francisco as the source from which he
will endeavor to draw personal success; and
Whereas, Such a decisive majority should be
given against him and in favor of all tile nom-
inees of the Republican party as forever to
silence the fallacious doctrines and dogmas of
which he is the promulgator and typical rep-
resentative, to which end it is proper that all .
Republicans of San - Francisco should con-
tribute an active assistance; now, therefore, .
Intative. That for end it is proper that all
üblicans of San Francisco should con-
ute an active assistance; now, therefore,
•solved. That for the purpose of securing
a triumphant victory, and a large majority
vote in San Francisco for the nominees of the
Republican party, both St He and municipal,
the Republican party of San Francisco organ-
ize forthwith and that under the auspices of
this committee to be established and organ- <*
ized in each of the assembly districts included
in this city, a Republican club devoted to the
interests of the Republican party, and to the
success of Its nominees.. ~ ■
Said club shall organized on the 20th day
Id club shall be organized on the 20th day
of September, 1898, at the hour of 8 p. m.. and
at a place to be hereafter designated by this
committee, of which due notice shall be given.
Said club shall be called to order by one of the
county commltteemen representing the respec-
tive Assembly districts, and the Republicans of
the district shall then proceed to elect the of-
ficers of said club.
There shall be a president and secretary.' The
secretary of each of said clubs Khali imme-
diately upon its organization send to this com-
mittee a list of the officers , elected, the loca-
tions of the places of meeting and the number •
of members who have enrolled in the respect-
ive Assembly District ' clubs. Each of . said
clubs shall be known and called "Regular Re-
publican Club of the Assembly, District."
Resolved. That all Republicans of Pan Fran-
cisco be invited to join said clubs and co-oper-
ate ■ for their success, irrespective of former
affiliations. <
LOCATION OF CLUB.
28— Drew's Hall, 121 New Montgomery street.
29— Lower Metropolitan Hall, Fifth and Jessla
6 30^-Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 909 Market
street. nillfM*Uiifl l ll|i MjillHJ 'il.'i>< hi l i'il~'
31— Teutonia Hall, Howard street, between
Ninth and Tenth.
I LOCATION CLUB. and Bran-
Drew's Hall, 121 New Montgomery street.
Lower Metropolitan Hall, Fifth and Jessie
Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 909 Market
Teutnnia Hall, Howard street, between
i and Tenth.
505 Sixth street, between Bryant and Bran-
nan. ! **£jSJSS* ! BBBW^ | "*<^
33— Mannerbund „ Hall, corner Twenty-fourth
street and Potrero avenue. . .
Native Sons'; Hal!. Seventeenth street, De-
tween- Valencia and Guerrero.
Stanford Hall. ' . „
Twin Peaks Hall, Seventeenth and Noe
streets. ■ \ •;'•.- .-."•'
'37— Mo wry Hall, corner Laguna and Grove
streets.
38— Mascot Hall. . . .
Z 39— Turn Vereln Hall. Turk street, between
nworth and Hyde. ■■ ■■■• . -■ J
40— Franklin Hall. Golden Gate, avenue, be-
tween Buchanan and Webster streets. ■ ■
. : 44— Tternacrllert -. Hall, : southwest corner . Stock-
and : Polk ; streets. ,", '. ■''',-'.;"' v
*2— n»nevoler.ce Hall, B'ne B rith building.
121 Eddy -street.- -
; liifornia Hall. Bush street. • "
44— Bfrsnjrlerl Hall, southwest corner Stock-
ton and Union struts. . - -. '-•
;„, 45— 01 d Pioneer Hall. Jackson and Montgom-
ery streets. THOMAH x>. RIORDAN.'
THOMAB D. RIORDAN.
- Chairman R<»rmbllcan ' County Committee, i ■
: ' T. H. PRENDERGAST. Secretaij. -':■ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MERCHANTS TO
ORGANIZE FOR
PROTECTION
Oppose Licenses That
Curtail Trade.
SEEK LEGISLATIVE HELP
THE EASTERN DRUMMERS NOW
HAVE THE ADVANTAGE.
Oakland Board of Trade Will Try
to Secure Favorable Planks
in Party Plat
forms.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 17.
The Oakland Board of Trade is anxious
to obtain the passage in the next Legis
lature of a bill which was killed two
years ago. The purpose of the bill is to
Insure to California producers and manu
facturers the same privileges which are
enjoyed by Eastern manufacturers.
One of the leading provisions of the bill
Is to prevent any city or town in the
State of California from requiring li
censes from men who go into them to do
business with California goods. Nearly
•very town in the State has a license
which drummers are compelled to pay,
but owing to the interstate commerce
law. Eastern agents can come to this
State and can transact business without
paying any license. In Oakland agents
of Wanamaktr of Philadelphia are en
abled to do business without paying
llcnese fees, while Oakland merchants
cannot at present seek business in any
town in the State without having to pay
for the privilege.
The Board of Trade has passed the fol
lowing resolutions:
•'Whereas, The building up of the
manufacturing interests of our city and
State is greatly to be desired, and as a
means to that end we believe that Incor
porated cities should have the right to
encourage, foster and draw to their
midst manufacturing enterprises by
granting exemption from municipal taxa
tion for a specilic term of years; there
fore, be it
"Resolved, That we request the various
political parties to pledge their legisla
tive- candidates to the amendment of our
State constitution in such a manner that
the desired exemption from taxation may
be secured.
"Whereas, Representatives of Eastern j
commercial and manufacturing concerns,
by reason of their exemption from 11
taxation, have n avoided advantage
over those of our own State similarly en
gaged, therefore, be it
"Kesolved, That we urge the various
• political parties to pledge their represent
atives to the enactment of such laws a.s
Will put the products and manufactures
of California on the same footing as the
products and manufactures of other
States when Fold in our State."
Craifie Sharp, J. E. Johnston and M. J.
Keller have been appointed a committee
to go before the different political parties
and have the resolutions incorporated in j
their different platforms.
A STRANGE AFFAIB.
Queer Doings on a Yacht in San
Leandro Bay — Two Young
Men Thrashed.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 17.— The particulars of
a strange occurrence on San Leandro
Bay, near High street, which took place
the e<ariy part of the week have just
come to light, though strenuous efforts
have been made, to keep it secret.
It appears that about a week ago two
young girls, about 16 years of age, be
longing to respectable families in San
Francisco, were missing, and search was
made for them. In some way the families
learned that the girls were on a vessel
In can Leandro Bay, and a brother of
each came over here to investigate. There
are quite a number of vessels in the bay,
and the young men took a boat and visit
ed each. They approached one without
being observed, and liixiniK that it was
occupied boarded It quietly. In the cabin
they f.>und both girls, partially under tin-
Influence of liquor, while with them were
two young men living in this city, and
also belonging to respectable families.
These youth were the first objects of
attention. The brothers of the mis
guided girls sailed into them, thrashed
them soundly, knocked them overboard
and left them to get out the best way
they could. The girls were then taken
•ashore and home, very frightened and
very repentant. The owner of the yacht,
who was In blissful ignorance of the
use to which his boat had been put, was
notified and was very indignant, inas
much as the guilty young men had been
friends of his, but had taken the vessel
without his permission.
Letter Carrier Arrested.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 17.— E. J. Rennel a
letter carrier, was arrested to-day for dis
turbing the peace of C. L&tCke, a tailor.
Runnel had a couple of coats repaired by
the tailor, and when he called for them
to-day a dispute arose, in the midst of
which Rennel walked off with the gar
ni* • without having paid for them. Be
caii.d of the abusive language used by
Rennel. Latzke swore put a warrant,
charging him with disturbing the peace.
The Republican Primaries.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 17.— The Republican
primaries passed off very quietly in this
city this afternoon. There being but one
ticket in the field, little interest was ta
k<n, and the vote was very light. The
total vote was only a few hundred.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 17.— The wedding of
Louis James of this city and Miss Alice
E. Swayne, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W.
Y. Swayne of 1005 Morton street, is aa
nounc-i-fi to take place at the residence
of the bride's parents on Wednesday.
SentemLx r M.
O. S. Lindon. a painter residing at 2229
Clinton avenue, fell and broke one of
hio lejrs this morning. He had only re
cently recovered from a fracture of one
of his arms.
Milt. m P. Strong and Mias Teresa J.
Merwin of this city have been granted a
license to wed.
Seniors Are Champions.
BERKELEY, Bept. H.-^THe last of the I
Belies of Interclass basket ball gnmcs at
the I niversity of California whs played
this aftorno-.ii upon the college campus.
The contest was between the teams of |
the senior ami Junior classes, and was '
played to decide the Interclafts champion- I
Bnlp. The play showed that all the m*n
were In good form, and for a time the re
sult seemed doubtful. But the seniors I
forced ahead toward the last, defeating
th<-ir opponents by a score of 7 to 4 They
accordingly have the championship for
the present colUgp term.
School Children Perform.
BBRKELHY, Sept. IT.-The pupils of
St. Joseph s Academy gave a dramatic ;
entertainment last night in . uaUuck Hall '
for the benefit r,f the Presentation Con
vent School. "Dottle's Dream," a chil- j
dren's drama, was admiral.lv played by a '
cast of twenty-five little giris, supporting
the queen. Miss Evelyn Brumstadt. Thiß i
woa followed by a farce entitled "The
< haperon." The evening closed with a
minuet performed by Miss Lucy Ryan '
Miss Alice Gallagher, Miss Dollie Alnott
and Miss Louise Gallagher.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Sept. 17.— Dr. W. p
Schroter and Dr. S. Preno, two dinting- |
ulshed scientists from Zurich. Switster- i
land, were visitors at the University of
California yesterday. They are making j
an inspection of the. different agricultural
etatlona in the United States, and stopped
at Berkeley to examine the university's
a«:ri'-uU)iral department.
The infant child of Mr. and Mrs. L. L.
Vorland of Tenth street and ( banning
way. West Berkeley, died suddenly yes
terday morning. The parents had no
knowledge of the child's sickness until it
was found (lead in bed yesterday. Dr.
Rowell conducted an autopsy arid gave
the cause of death as congestion of the
lungs. The inquest held this morning
adopted the report.
Deputy Marshal Ehinger of West Berke
ley ha« arrested Charies Buden and James
I Case on a charge of disturbing the peace
and Charles Howard for evading the pay
ment of railroad fares.
DECLARED A NUISANCE.
Health Authorities Condemn Lake
Merritt and Urge Steps for
an Abatement.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— The Board of
Health, at its meeting last night, passed
the following resolutions condemning
Lake Merritt:
"Insomuch as Lake Merritt of this city
Is the receptacle of the sewage flowing
from the district drained by Cemetery
Creek, and aa its waters are further con
taminated by the backward flow from the
estuury, into which empties the Eleventh
street sewer, and as the bottom of the
lake has been proved by examination to
be greatly contaminated by the precipi
tate from sewage, be it
"Resolved. By this board, that Lake
Merritt is hereby declared a public nui
sance; and be it further
"Resolved, That the necessary steps be
taken to abate the same.
"Insomuch as the main lake sewer la
broken in several places and the sewage
from it thereby allowed to flow o\er the
adjacent marshes, be it
"Resolved, That said sewage is declared
a public nuisance."
The health officer's report for August
showed seventy-three deaths and ninety
nine births.
EFFECLJJF DROUGHT
ON FRUIT CROPS
LARGE DECREASE REPORTED IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Only About One-Half of the Usual
Amount Has Been Handled
by Dryers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Sept. 17.
The effect of the drought on the fruit
industry of Alameda Counts is fully
shown by compilations just made by rail
road shippers and growers in the interior.
During August there was shipped from j
Niles to Benicia 155.400 pounds of fruit. I
92,500 pounds to Santa Rosa, 1,607,400 I
pounds to Pan Francisco and 266,200 j
pounds to San Jose, while but 11,700 |
pounds came to Oakland.
At Centerville the amount of fruit han
dled was 600.000 pounds, as compared with
1.600.000 for the same period last year. The
total shipment from this station was 300.-
Ow) pounds less for the three months just
passed than for a similar period last year. I
The drying industry at Niles has stead- j
ily gone ahead until the present year. The j
figures are: In 18S6. 296.286 pounds; 18%, !
627.104 pounds; 1897, 1.042.524 pounds. This
year, so far, but 415,680 pounds has been '
used. This year, however, fruit being so |
scarce, prices are somewhat better than i
in 1897.
E. A. Ellsworth of Niles. who usually
uees up 800 tons of fruit, used but 400 tons
this year. These comparisons express |
with approximate correctness the fruit :
conditions for the season just closing.
BLAMED FOR HER DEATH.
Dr. Fluno, a Christian Scientist, Cen-
sured at the Inquest of
Little Agues Dalziel.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— Coroner Baldwin
held an inquest to-night on the death of
Agnes Dalziel. aped six <J:iys. who died |
at the home of her father, Antone Dal
ziel. 2149 Grove street. The father testi
fied that the child had been sick with |
colic, and that Dr. Fluno, a Christian j
Scientist, had called dally and had at
tended the birth. The nurse testified that (
Dr. Fluno had been treating the child on \
the morning of the death.
Dr. S. H. Buteau next gave testimony
ac a medical expert. He said the child's
life might have been saved; that she died
from meningitis following pneumonia. In
response to another question he said:
"I am positive that any regular physi
cian could have recognized the condition
of the child before its death. I believe
this, further, that the original cause of
the child's trouble in all probability was
pneumonia first, and this pneumonia con
tinued and progressed until complications
of meningitis set in. It is not an uncom
mon thing for meningitis to follow pneu
monia. The pneumonia could have been
cured: at least, we cure pneumonia."
Being recalled, Antone Dalziel testified
that his wife employed Dr. Fluno,
knowing that he was not a regular phy
sician—with his consent.
The Jury returned a verdict of death
from meningitis following pneumonia,
adding:
And we further believe that had a regular
practicing practitioner of medicine been In at
tendance the deceased's life mlKht have been
saved, and we hereby condemn the illegal
practice o? Dr. Fluno and other unlicensed
practitioners. (Signed)
GEOKGE E. COX. Foreman.
Cord Rahmstorf, Pete Comozzl, J. Campbell,
Joseph I. Kilty, C. P. Oriswold. John Coffey.
Locating the Leak.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— The Investigation !
Into the cause of the alarming amount or
water used at the City Hall Is still on.
More digging was done at the hall to-day ,
to locate the water leak. It was dla- j
covered that the water pipe, to which the
meter is attached, runs through the atone
foundation wall and then disappears.
Purtfcer search will require a crawling
on till fo^rs under the floor of the hall,
and even then the leak may not be found,
ac It may be under the conorete portion of
the floor. So the Investigators are In a
dilemma and the leak got-B on.
Trolley Car to the Rescue.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— There was an
unusual sight near the Webster street
bridge last night. One of W. H. Paris'
j trucks became fast stuck in the mud at
I thp approach to Webster street bridge,
and traffic on the bridge wan delayed over
; an hour and a half, when one of the Alu.
i meda electric care was utilized to get
the truck out of the mire. A rope was
tlf-'l to the wagon and then attached to
the car, which started off without much
j of an effort and soon landed the wagoi.
on high ground.
Rival Tongs at Peace.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— Chief Fletcher of
i the Police Department has received a
1 communication from Ho You, Chinese
i Consul at San Francisco. He asks him
to have posted notices to the effect that ;
then' has been a cessation of hostilities j
between the See Yuijb and the Sam Yups;
In other words, calling attention to the ;
Chinese to avoid any possible bloodshed
or disturbance in the future. As a mat- i
ter of fact there has been but little j
trouble within the Chinese quarters here j
and less rivalry between the tongs.
A Mismated Couple.
OAKLAND. Sept. 17.— Marie E. Tschurr
to-day, through her attorneys, Allen &
Allen, commenci'd suit for divorce against
Michael Tschurr.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— Ernest Britton of '
Third and Linden streets whs arr^Bted this
afternoon on a charage of displaying a |
deadly weapon, the complaint being sworn !
to by John Antomecci.
Judge Greene to-day signed a decree
modifying the Judgment rendered in April,
1893 In the divorce suit of Alfred G. Platt
against Josephine E. Platt. thereby, ex
tending the time already allowed for the
removal of the Platt children to France
for education two years.
Justice of the Peace Clift yesterday tied
the nuptial knot betwten Mies Theresa-
Jeanle Wasslp of San Jose and John W.
Stokeß of this city, and Miss Mary McCay
of San Francisco and Private Nyler L.
Harris of Kansas, at present of the Sev
enth Regiment.
A stay of execution in the case of the
Traction Engine Company against l,oulse
Dora, which was terminated in favor of
the defendant a few days ago, was or
dered by Judge Hall to-day.
Jailer "William Lane has returned from
Los Angeles, whither he went to attend
his brother's wedding a few days ago.
Percy Denroach of the Reliance Club
sailed on the Coptic to-day for Hongkong,
commissioned to travel through China,
India mid the far East for a San Francis
co firm.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
BINTS DEATH
CAUSED BY
HERB TEA
Doctor Too Far Away
to Afford Relief.
FATE OF LITTLE KIMBER
■
MOTHER SWOONED AT THE COR
ONER'S INQUEST.
Ignorance of Well-Meaning Rela
tives Brings Sorrow to a
Hard- Working Fam
ily.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 17.
Baby Kimber, 16 months old, was ac
cidentally killed by its relatives yester
day through the giving of strong homo
made medicine.
Coroner Baldwin held an inquiry this
afternoon into the cause of the little one's
death. She had been living fi>r some
time with her grandparents, who reside in
the country a few miles from Hayw^rds.
Yesterday afternoon the baby was taken
sick and her grandfather gathered some
herbs, made some tea and gave the child
a dose of medicine which he believed
would cure her. Some time later the lit
tle thing died after experiencing violent
sjpaama some hours. Margaret Kimbor,
the little one's mother, said that the baby
was a healthy child and was living in
the country' while its father was working
at a cannery in Oakland. The grand
parents took excellent care of her and
had frequently treated her for petty ail
ments with home-made remedies.
The grandfather said that he and his
family had for many years treated sick
ness with herbs which grew around their
house, and always with success. He ex
plained just how he made his medicine
and aIBO how he had administered it. Dr.
Buteau held an autopsy and found evi
dence that the little child had expired of
spasms which had been caused by acute
dysentery. The dysentery, he testified,
was the direct result of administering a
strong herbal decoction which he found
in the stomach and which the baby phy
sique was quite unable to withstand.
The Jury brought in a verdict in ac
cordance with the medical testimony and
declared that although the incident was
deplorable there is no doubt that the
child's grandparents acted from tho besw
motives. It developed durnig the testi
mony that after the spasms attacked the
baby there would not have been time to
have gone to the nearest doctor, several
miles away, and have returned before
death intervened.
Another inquest was held to-day into
the death of Harry Vorland, aged four
years, who died of congestion of the
lungs, also without physicians being
called in. It was stated at the inquest
that fifteen months ago another child of
Vorland's, about a year old, died without
a physician being called in. and at that
time several of the jurors thought proper
diligence was not shown. To-day Dr.
Rowell testified that it would be possible
for the congestion to have caused tnc
lad's death after it became apparent and
before a physician could be summoned.
An inquest was held this evening into
the cause of the death of the infant
child of Andrew and Fanny Dalziel. The
infant was but ten days old and was not
attended by a physician.
MODJESKA'S
ROSALIND
It was not Modjoska alone that shone
In the matinee performance of "As
You Like It" at the Baldwin yesterday.
The entire company did well. Now
and then there was some very little
hitch, but on the whole it was a de
lightful ensemble. The theater was
packed to the last seat, and both the
audience and the company seemed to
be in just the spirit for the picturesque
humor and sentiment of the play.
As Rosalind Modjeska turned the
hands back again and gave to the part
as much youth and spirit and beauty
as she ever gave it. Never for an in
stant did her spirits wane; she was
positively incandescent In the scenes of
mock raillery and satire, and In the
more frankly sentimental passages she
developed a tenderness that was only
the more delightful for being tempered
by humor.
Mr. Lonergan showed splendid come
dic possibilities in his performance of
Orlando. He felt and made felt the
fun of the part, and at the same time
did not slight the heroics and the po
etics which are bo vital a foil to Rosa
lind. Mr. Herman, whom lam glad
to be able to praise at the last, was
not murderously melancholy as the
Jacques. He seemed to remember that
even cynics sometimes laugh good na
turedly. His "seven ages" was marred
by the old specialty bricks of imita
tion; but otherwise his performance
was quite in key and easily the
best thing that he has done during tho
see son.
Aii especially graceful and sympa
thetic character was the Celia of Miss
Fisher; and Miss Daly gave Audrey
■with Just the right measure of tomf
oolery and bumptiousness. Sh? s a
clever girl, Miss Daly. Mr. Young art
Touchstone, Mr. Spencer as Oliver,
and even Mr. Lane < who ha_ not been at
all right this engagement) — in fact, the
whole cast deserve praise. There is
talk of an extra matinee next week, in
which event I hope that "Ab You Like
If will be the bill.
ASHTON STEVEN3.
Salaries to Be Slashed.
j OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— The Library Trus-
I tees held n special session last night and
i discussed the City Council's action on the
i tax levy. Thf Hoard decided that unless
j adequate provision is made all the reading
I roomi will be closed on October 1, and
! the library will be open between 9 a. m.
and 6 p. m. It wan also decided that a
general cut of 25 per cent be made in the
salaries of all library employes.
An Old Transaction.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— A deed has been
filed with the County Recorder convey.
ing a portion of the Merritt estate from
| the possession of Henry P. Merritt to
j James P. Merritt. The Indenture was
! executed in April. 1893, and there are thir
j teen descriptions of property In this coun-
I ty, which include much of the Merritt
i property In the vicinity of the lake.
Church Trustees Re-elected.
OAKLAND. Sept. 17.— At the annual
meeting of the Market-street Congre
gational Church the following trustees
were unanimously re-elected: J. C. Mc-
Leod, W. S. Merriam, D. Caig, W. S
Jones and J. Gill.
Estate of Eli Denison.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— William G. Hen
shaw, George C. Fabens and Robert J.
Hoyer have appraised the estate of the
late Eli S. Denison at $89,667.
Verdict of Suicide.
Coroner Hawkins yesterday afternoon
held an inquest upon the body of Robert
Goepel, the shoemaker who shot himself
through the head at his shop, 524 Polk
street, last Friday morning. Charles Goe
pel, a brother of the dean man, testified
that Goepel had been despondent because
of his separation from his wffe, ana ha.l
threatened to make away with himse'f.
A verdict of suicide was rendered.
ANOTHER NAIL IN
DE YOUNG'S COFFIN.
San Diego Republicans Pledge Legislative
Nominees in Favor of Ulysses S.
Grant Jr.
At the San Diego Republican convention the following resolutions
were adopted:
We do further declare it to be the sense of this convention that the next
United States Senator should be chosen from the southern portion of the
State. We pledge and instruct the several Senatorial and Assembly nom
inees of this county to vote for our distinguished fellow townman, Ulysses
S. Grant Jr., for United States Senator until such Senator is elected, and
to use all honorable means to secure his election.
We commend Ulysses S. Grant Jr. to the voters and to the legislative
nominees of the several counties of this State as an able, conscientious
and upright man; as a man of high ability and unswerving integrity, who
will as a Senator give without stint his undivided time and attention to
the welfare of the State and of its people.
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
ABE THE ENLISTED MEN IN OR
OUT OF SERVICE P
The Presentation of a Demand for the
State's Quarterly Allowance
May Bring the Question
Into Court.
Captain Poulterer, Company A, of the
Fifth Infantry, has made application to
have fifteen men of his company who
enlisted in the volunteer service dis
charged from the service of the State, on
the ground of removal. The matter was
referred to brigade headquarters, and
from there to division headquarters, and
It is possible that the matter will go to
general headquarters at Sacramento for
final action.
This will bring up the question of
whether the men who enlisted from the
National Guard of this State, by reason
of the fact that they have not attended
four company drills of the respective
companies to which they belonged, shall,
under the law, be dropped and dis
charged. It has been generally under
stood that despite this law the men
who enlisted would be treated as volun
teers from the National Guard of othj»i
States have been; that is, given a leave
of absence for a specified time, with the
option of returning to their respective
commands within thirty days after be
ing mustered out of the volunteer ser
vice.
The impression of many of the men who
enlisted and have gone to the front and
others who have been doing garrison
duty was that they were granted leave
of absence for one year by the com
mander-in-chief. If the petition of Cap
tain Poulterer be granted it will follow
that all the men who are in the volunteer
service will have to be discharged..
Uut another matter presents itself that
will call for discussion, and that is the
section of the law which provides how
enlisted men shall be discharged. In or
der that a man may be discharged it must
be on the request of the captain of the
company, which request must be ap
proved Dy certain officers designated in
the law. Now in the case of the men
who are at the front, the captains ar»»
not here to make the demand, and there
is no other officer who is empowered to
make the preliminary move.
At the close of this month another mat
ter will come up that will bear upon this
point. There will be presented a demand
for the Quarterly allowance for the twen
ty-two companies of the Second Brigade.
That is to say, before the enlistment
there were twenty-two companies in the
brigade, and up to this time there haa
not been any official communication to
the officers that there are not that num
ber of companies. Unofficially it is known
that there remain only the skeletons of
these companies and that these skeletons,
with a very few exceptions, are without
officers.
The adjutant general will be called upon
to either approve or disallow the demand.
If he adopts the latter course steps will
be taken to mandamus him to approve
the demand. In that way the whole mat
ter will come into court, and there will
be a judicial determination as to whether
men who are enlisted are in or out of
the service of the State.
TENNIS DOUBLES
FOR PRIZE RACKETS
HOOPEB AND BOOT WIN THE
TOURNAMENT.
Miss Marion Jones and Miss Hoff
man Will Play Their Match
To-Morrow Morning.
A double tournament of the "Round
Robin" order was played yesterday at
the California Tennis Club, and some
very interesting matches resulted. Root
and Hooper won the tournament, and
each has now a new racket as a souvenir
of the victory.
It was expected that the "pony" team
would enter, but they did not participate
In the tournament. Quite a number of
spectators were present, and as the play
was constant and lively the people on the
line were entertained by some good
sport.
According to the rules of the tourna
ment, as Hoon as a team sustained two
defeats it withdrew. But five teams en
tered and eight matches were played.
Hoot and Hooper did not meet with a
single defeat in the four matches played.
Davis and Robert N. Whitney were de
feated once and Adams and McGavin
Root and Hooper defeated Adams and
Drummond McGavin 7—5, Stauf and Wal
ter McGavin 6—l. Davis and Robert N.
Whitney 6—3 and Code and Yale 6—o.
Davis and Robert N. Whitney defeated
Adams and Drummond McGavin (j — 4,
Yale and Code .6—4 and Stauf and Walter
McGavin 6—4.6 — 4.
Adams and McGavin defeated Stauf
and Walter McGavin 6—3.
Joe Dally. Grant Smith, Harry Weihe
and George Whitney are contemplating a
trip to Reno. The Reno Tennis Club has
invited them to participate in an invita
tion tournament which will be held on
the Reno courts next week. There is
some doubt about the local players go
ing, though all things pdint in that di
rection.
The match between Miss Hoffman and
Miss Marion Jones of Nevada, which has
been exciting the interest of society, has
been set for Monday morning.
MILITARY MATTERS.
General Miller has taken active hold of
the question of the erection of a hospital
that will have accommodations for 300
beds. The need of it has been apparent for
some time, and with the fact that 200 sick
soldlerß will arrive on the China, who will
have to be cared for, there can be no de
lay. General Miller had a long: Interview
yesterday with Surgeon Colonel Middle
ton, who informed the surgeon general at
Washington by wire that a hospital is
needed here at once. There is no doubt
that the construction of this hospital will
be begun some time this week. With the
arrival of the sick soldiers from Manila
General Miller will have to remove some
of the Washington troops from their bar
racks to make room for these men. He
wanted to take them over to Angel Island
and use the barracks there for their ac
commodation, but Colonel Mlddleton did
not approve of this because of the diffi
culty of communicating with the island.
General Miller was in favor of erecting
the hospital upon the island, but for the
same reason Colonel Middleton opposed it,
so that the site chosen will be at the
Presidio.
Regarding the question of barracks for
the soldiers during the winter General
Miller is of the opinion that temporary
quarters will have to be erected upon the
cavalry parade, where the Seventh Cali
fornia and Twentieth Kansas regiments
are now encamped. He declares that this
will have to be done, as it is out of ques
tion to think of keeping the men in tents
during: the rainy season.
Private J. W. Sugart. Company F, First
Tennessee, having been tried by'a general
court-martial for absence without leave,
was sentenced to be discharged from the
service, to forfeit all allowances due him
and to be confined at Alcatraz at hard la
bor for six months.
The seventeen men under Second Lieu
tenant J. C. Gilbreth, destined for Manila
to join \heir regiments there, sailed yes
terday dn the Coptic as regular passen
gers.
Colonel Smith of the Tennessee regi
ment leaves to-day for a week's visit to
" ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most , remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Port Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It -cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne; Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
Is desirous of reaching that great class,
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be i
cured of sexual weakness when the '
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
_ Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonic
for the i sexual and urinary ; organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and .Nervine. Sells on Us own
Merits; no long- winded testimonial!! ■ necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
823 Market street. S. Send for Circular.)
OCEAN TRAVEL.
■ Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Wj. Steamers leave Broadway
K^w^^ wharf, San Francisco:
! »*<s?sl^3SV F"" 1 " Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
! Rtf'VftJgg^ Sept. 3, 8, 13. IS, 23, 28. October
i t&iSftvSy 3>3 > transfer at Seattle.
L *•***«!s jBll For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
f rfnaWti jr 1 *-•■)• Port Ti.wnsend, Seattle,
ii^'Ußj^^K Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New.Whatcom (Wash), 10
"v a. m., Sept. 3, 8, 13, IS, 23. 28.
October 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
transfer at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N.
P Ry at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m., Sept.
5, 11. 16, 21, 26, October 1, and every fifth day
For 1 Santa Crux. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, - Port Harf ord (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota' Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Lcs Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Sept. 2 6, 10. 14. 18 22. 26,
30 Oct 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Fan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Sept. 4. 8, 12. 16. 20. 24. 28, Oct. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., ISth of every
For further information obtain folder. .
The company reserves the. right to change
■without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hourß of sailing.
fICKKT OFKICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL., PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0, R. % N. CO,
.' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FODR.TILJk.ISrD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CADE *12 First Class ■< Including Berths
lAnl. $8 Second Class and Meals.
' SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:'
State of ■. California ; .Sept. ' 16, 25
Goo W. E1der...... ......Sept. 19, 28
C01umbia....... .........Sept. 22, Oct. 1
St Paul .........$l6 00 St. L0ui5......... \526 35
Kansas City ..... 26 00 ! Chicago -.........:. 24 00
Omaha ........'.... 26 00 New York ........ 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
•■;;•'■: -V .' (530 Market st.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
'. . French Line to Havre.
Company's pier ' (new) « North --era.
River, foot of Morton st. . Travelers <^jrTt>
by this line avoid both transit .by •<• ■>**? VVv.
English railway and the discomfort of crossing.
the channel In : a small boat. New Tork to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $140;
cecond class, $116. •■ \' . • . >
LA N0RMAND1E. ............. .5ept. 24, 10 a. m.
LA ••0A5C0GNK.. ....... .■:...;. Oct. 1. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE... ........Oct. 8. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.... Oct. 15. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE .........'... Oct. 22,. 10 a. m.
• For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIK GHNERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQTJE. Agent, - -
No. 3 Bowling Gn>en, New "Tork.
J. F. FTJ~AZTA; CO.. Agents. 6 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. , \ . . • . : ,
■ s - s - Australia
»^r^¥3S%&llt*B£ Eall! » for. Honolulu only
C» •*">? Sl*to Saturtla >'- September 24.
©■VilEfißJi ° s - s - AUSTRALIA
lrf^&Mlt'*l3L falls for Honolulu only
iTfti *" Septpmber 24,
Oj/^T^N ° Thrs"^. A LAMED A
Vfp3rnChin c } eails via Honolulu and
m#t^CyNjaillJ lll X Auckland for Sydney
X*Ss2r (sfflP 7 li(2M~ Wednesday, October 5,
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. • .. : :■• :
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Acenta.
:-'■' : :. . ' v >, t... 114 Montgomery . St.
-Freight office— 3?T Market Ft.. San^Fmncliico.
BAY AifD RIVER STEAMERS.
1 : .; • "vA Steamer "Monticeiio." ; ;. . ,
Mon., ■ Tue»., Wed., Thure. and 5at:......;.... - ;
:■ - 9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. •■ Than.)
Friday 5..:, .,.:.... .......1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m. -
Sundays. ,v.. .:...■..";. :.;..10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and cf flees— Mission Dock. Pier 8.
~=: ;•; /.; 1 Telephone ~ Red ; 2541. -' ; ~- -•- .:,; r .
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
1 EVERT DAT AND BTJNDAT, TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, ; Clay street Wharf. Fare 75c".
5 Delightful f Bay Trip, 44 miles S and '* return. *
On Sundays. Excursion. '%L ■
the Hearst ranch in Southern California.
During his absence the regiment will be
commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Chil
ders.
The Grand Jury will begin on Thursday
a general investigation of the Thomas
case. Black & Learning, counsel for the
Thomas family, have brought the case to
the notice of the jury. A number of the
officers of the Tennessee regiment, as well
ADVERTISEMENTS. • "' - -••
; ■ "" -
\f/fp IF YOUR WAW v ( ;\l '
\ lUllillT x^^^ Decayed, ff
Broken Down and Causing You Great Suffering, We , ;
Give Them Treatment and Fill or Crown Them
PAINLESSLY.
; PAINLESS EXTRACTION A SPECIALTY H g^, o forn,.
If it is found necessary to extract your teeth we do it Without Pain and
Insert artificial one», which we guarantee to present a natural appearance,
to be useful and to fit perfectly. , -'\
I PAINLESS EXTRACTION A SPECIALTY S; g^Vo*™. Too
If it is found necessary to extract your teeth we do It "Without Pain and ;
Insert artificial onex, which we jfuarantee to present a natural appearance.
to be useful and to fit perfectly.
rnwetlTTATTflM T7RITT7 Gold Fillings from 75c
CONSULTATION FREE. s ,, ver FmiDgs from 250
Open Evenings and Sundays. Bridge Work, per Tooth ".....from ?3 50
ALL WORK WARRANTED. Plate*, with Free Extraction from $4 50
DR. T. 3. HIGGI3STS, Prop., \
VI ... METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS ... y
... over Cafe Zlnkand. 927 MARKET STREET. Fifth Floor. Elevator. t
,|^^ fi^UUJffTufjj t i,ijji, ; u ijiiu.i 'T*"'« < * l ' **' g<^ yir «-~>. yy/ni^ r '
l^^f^*^^^ """"
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirdu of all the members elected to eacn
Of the two houses of . said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows;
Fection 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San { Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty/fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
lor any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby cxcepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
Statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred In the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so . decide. .. Any Indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, . with the exception hereinbefore recited.
Shall be -void. ■: . , ;/■ -: , _-j
v .\ AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment t the Con-
stitution of the. State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
•even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
Tiding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local I county government acts for
their own government.' . The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7'^. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
euch county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and . the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It 'shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a genera! or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, ;as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
' proved of alteration or of members elected
oved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. It shall be the county govern-
ment act of ' such county, ■ and shall In such
ca*e become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A/copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
netting forth the submission of such .county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county. •
■All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at Intervals iof > not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of • the county, to the
ouallfied electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for. twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by. the Legislature as herein provided
For the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or ; proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted :on separately without prejudice to
° It shall be competent In ' all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for \ the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; •• for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
nnd for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for; the manner in which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all ■ boardß of election shall • be
elected ior appointed and for the constitution,
rf Relation, > compensation and government /of
>ueh beards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also ■ to prescribe, the manner, and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may In addition determine the
tests and % conditions upon • which electors, po-
litical parti's and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election. ■ > ;
Whenever any : ccunty has, In - the ■• manner
■ and ■ method herein . pointed cut. adopted : any
county government act, ■•■ and the same shall
have been ■ approved -by x the Legislature . las
aforesaid ■ the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and likewise'/providtngr for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation :of • their L compensation, ■ shall . not ■ apply.
Paid county government act shall;, as to any of
the matters | herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county; government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except |by •' : amendment 1 first
submitted -.to the . electors . and ratified > in the
manner herelnabove set forth. . .": ■
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section; five and
one-half, article six. : thereby providing for the
■ organization of ; a court, >to :be known as , the
1 Court of Claims. --« The ■ said ; proposed . new sec-
tion to read as follows: v. - ' . . -? -'-;-■•; -■•
♦ Section hVi. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court 5
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms : thereof. -- The Court
of Claims [ shall - have ■ exclusive jurisdiction sto
hear; and .■ determine | all I claims lof every - kind
and . character f against ; the State, ; under such
laws as may be -passed by the Legislature, and
Us Judgment -thereon shall be final. The terms
of i the Court of > Claims < shall be • held ;as ■ fol-
.lo'wa:<-\i----i : -' J -. : v" ; '.-;.".-*• ■ ;,;•■•: r.:.=-'.-.* ,:..: ;■■.... ,-tj
- In s the ; City of ; Los Angeles, • commencing on
the second . Monday; of March; ..;.*:,.- --
>ln the -City,' and County of - San Francisco
commencing on the second -. Monday in July'
and >"-.;-■:'-■ ■•■.-,-,-. .■,,- '::■■'-_' :-■■-..--■■■-:- i
1, In th« City el Sacramento. ; commencing": on ,
ns other persons, have been subpenaed as
witnesses.
Privates Perry Black, Company C, Fif
ty-first lowa, and Austin Brown, Com
pany I, Fifty-first lowa, died of typhoid
fever yesterday at the division hospital.
The "Seventh California will probably
leave San Francisco next Friday for Los
Angeles, where the mustering out will
take place.
The^X. M if n ,2* y of N «*ember of each yea*,
™7« M holding such term of court shall
shan r«.p?x eX A compensation therefor, but
out "/*s;Blve" /*$; Blve their actual expenses, to be paid
The tJJ}", <\ 6nera L fund of the State treasury.
£? nr7^,.J atur V han enact all laws necessary
c?durf A, such court, to provide the pro-
of tbia section. ° CaiTy ° Ut the provlslMl
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. No. 37.)
State^of £ tlo tO i pro 08 * to the people of tha
BtltutlSn California an amendment the Con-
KJ» ° the State, amending article. ele en.
el .-«?! ga nYn V sect 'on thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Tha
s» £ Cpc « e / J new Bectlon to read as follows:
D n> « s*k. The Provisions of secti ac fou*
fill f ° thls article "hall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply t»
™» CO: B ?, lld ated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
eight 0 0/thu'articfe 1 : 11 " * charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Awembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
Stiit/*!!? /U°i n , t0 P r oPo se to the people of tha '
flff-.n =«P aUf ?, rnla * n amendment of section
fifteen and section »>steen of article five of tha
SW 11 of th * state of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
-lEffU 011 A L 'eutenant Governor shall ba
elected at the same time and place and in tha
same manner as the Governor, and his term ot
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
_bection 16. In case of the Impeachment ot
. e K7i O . Vernor^ or nls ren »oval from office, death.
inability to discharge the powers and duties ot
his ♦ office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for tha
residue of the term, or until the disability shad
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor ba
Impeached displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un.
L «£? vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next /general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in tha
ofUce of Governor for any of the reasons abova
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
n £ r ii tne President pro tempore of tb-» Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
»^k. devolve upon the speaker or the As-
sembly until the office of Governor shall ba
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
• ■ No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
E < -% a cle nlne of th Constitution of the Stata
S^ft"?? 1 ? 111 ' relatln * to grammar schools by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
reau as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools™ and such
»£ ♦ i ho « ols evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shal include schools organized In »
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants in
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an arr-ndment to section
two of article four of the Constitution in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to. amend said section to read aa
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
1 session, the Governor shall, by proclamation.
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall ba
within the limits above prescribed Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
■ cept at the first twenty-five days of the session
without the consent of three-fourths of tha
members thereof. - . •
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of tha "
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the-
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7. A. D. ISS3,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified. electors of tho
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
j TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1833.
' I The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law: ,
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
- (exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and '
the existing Indebtedness of the City Yea
of Vallejo for the construction of its '- .
water ' works from the provisions of Na
the Constitution , requiring such clakns
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For. the Amendment? ■ l ;
Amendment Number Two, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county — —
' government acts ■by inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation iof a "
| Court of Claims ,to determine claims Tea
.'--'against -the State, and to consist of ■
1 three Superior Judges designated by ' Na
the - Governor 'to ■ serve without extra " ••
compensation). •;:■' -. -
j For the Amendment?
Amendment- Number Four, being As- f '■
— sembly Constitutional Amendment "
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or- ■"■ IT
: ganlz-ed, or , holding a charter un- ■ • No
dt-r the Constitution, from certain leg- '.
islation In relation to counties)
For the Amendment? [:
Amendment ■■ Number . Five, being As-
. sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating. to office of Governor Tea
• providing for , succession thereto In " — -»
certain cases and removing disability- ' • No
'■'■ of Lieutenant Governor from holding ■ -
' other office during term).
■ ; For the Amendment? • ■
Amendment Number Six, . being Assem- f - - ;
i bly Constitutional Amendment No." 38 Tea
■ ; (relating;: to .and defining -Grammar .
Schools). '■.-■;>' . . . ;-.,-■- Na
For the Amendment? . .
Amendment Number Seven, being As- '
-.-.; Bembly 'Constitutional Amendment — ■ •
.No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Yea
:• Legislature for not 1 leas than thirty-:——.
.nor more than sixty days during each -No
;i session). .■■■.::.-, ''.• .-.,-. .: 1,.-: /■'<■-'. .
~. For the Amendment? . > v. , , ;.i. ', j:
' Witness my hand and the Great Seal- of tha
State of California, the day and year hereia
first above written. ' '.- : '..•■'--,: -•
;■ --;>.* "JAMES H. ; BUDD.. Governor. ,
''Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of Stata. V"
[SEAL.J . . , -
■ . \
1516
BANKERS VISIT
OLD TAMALPAIS
They Spend the Day in
Recreation.
LUNCHEON AT THE PEAK
DELEGATES FROM OUT OF TOWN
ARE GUESTS.
Frank Miller of Sacramento Breaks
Into Rhyme, but His Friendc
Promptly Subdue Him.
Informal Talk.
As a fitting climax to their two clays'
discussion of matters financial the dele
gates to the Bankers' convention paid a
visit yesterday to Mount Tamalpais. More
than two hundred of the men who spend
their working hours in handling money,
together with their wives and ladies,
made up the party which started from
this city at an early hour.
The schedule had been arranged so that
the inn was reached a little before noon,
and a tempting and pubstantial lunch
eon was served in the dancing parlor
shortly after the special train had fin
ished its journey up the tortuous path
irom Mill Valley. Informal speechmak
lng was then indulged in, Lovell White
of the San Francisco Savings Union act
ing in the capactiy of toastmaster.
A. K. R. Schmidt of the German Sav
ings Union eonfeysfd to being taken by
surprise when called upon for a few re
marks, but he nevertheless evolved a very
•wittily worded toast to the ladies. This
•was honored standing. Mr. Schmidt de
clared that he would cheerfully yield all
bis claims to the position of toastmaster
to Mr. White, except when it came to
the fair sex; and having thus asserted
bis gallantry and placed himself on rec
ord as a modern Sir Galahad Mr. Schnidt
Buggested that Southern California
should be heard from.
111. ,1. Daniels of Riverside responded by
expressing the thanks of the out-of-town
delegates fcr the many courtesies ex
tended them. He felicitated- his hearers
on the successful work of the convention
•which had Just concluded its labors, and
expressed the hope that by next year its
results might be apparent.
Frank Miller of the National Bank of
p. O. Mills ft Co. of Sacramento referred
to the fact that the "lady cashier" had
not yet invaded tne realms of banking.
Bhe would he welcome, he said, for the
reason that her inexhaustible fund of
patience could never be checked out.
Then he disclosed lambent genius, whose
Incipient germs may yet rob the bankers'
fold and add to the crop of poets, by
suddenly exclaiming:
Thin lady cashier.
If she were here.
How happy we would be
To think that
But at this point Mr. Miller was
promptly suppressed, and J. E. Crooks of
Hayv, ards made a few trenchant and
literal remarks touching upon the high
standing of many of the country bank
ers. Ho felt that but few would ever
again be so high up as on the present
occasion.
Love 11 White and J. M. Elliott both
made happy and brief speeches, and the
next few hours were devoted to viewing
the beauties of the scenic panorama from
the peak of old Tamalptiis. The party re
turned to the city about 6 o'clock, and
everybody voiced his full appreciation of
the outing.
BUNKO HAN'S SMART TRICK.
Sobbed a Colusa County Rancher and
Then Tried to Fix the Crime
on a Bootblack.
William Conrad, a bunko steerer, played
& smart trick early yesterday morning to
cave himself from being arrested, but he
was rot smart enough.
Conrad introduced himself to Ai^ert
"Wolfe, a rancher from Colusa County, in
the Olympla Music-hall on Friday night.
They became quite friendly, and visited
a number ot saloons together. Wolfe
about 3 o'clock in the morning was led
Into a doorway on Mission street, between |
Third and Fourth, and robbed of CIS in
told and some silver by Conrad. He re- \
membered leaving a saloon with Conrad i
but after getting into the street he be
came helpless.
After Conrad committed the robbery he
fot hold of Vlncenzo Versaya, a boot
lack, who was very drunk, and threw
him into the doorway beside Wolfe to
give the impression that the bootblack
had been with Wolfe and robbed him
Policemen T. C. Murphy and Moriartv I
found Wolfe and the bootblack in the i
doorway and arrested them for being i
drunk. When searched at the City Prison
Wolfe complained that he had been i
robbed, and from the description of tne
man who had been with him' all night
they arrested Conrad and booked him on
the charge of grand larceny. He was !
Identified by Woife. Both Wolfe and Ver- I
saya were discharged yesterday morning
Emergency Hospital Wants Room.
Dr. John M. Williamson has addressed a
letter to the Supervisors on behalf of the
Board of Health, urging that the pro
posed emergency hospital at the Hall of
Justice have two floors instead of one- for
Its accommodation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wild
With Eczema
Hands and Limbs Covered with
Blisters and Great
Red Blotches.
Scratched Until Almost Wild.
Burned Like Fire. Sleep
Impossible.
Cuticura Brings Speedy Relief,
and a Permanent Cure
at a Cost of $2.
I was a sufferer for eight rears from that i
most distressing of all diseases, Eczema. I ,
tried some of the best physicians in th*
country, but they did me little good. The
palms of my hands wero covered, and would
become inflamed; little white inters at first
would appear, then they would peel off, leav-
ing a rod, smooth surface which would burn '.
like tiro and itch; well, there is no name for
1. On the inside of the upper part of both my
limbs, great; red blotches, not unlike hives,
would appear, and as soon as I became warm,
the burning and itching would begin, jf Night .
after night I would lie awake all night and
■cratch and almost go wild. I heard of Cuti-
cura Remedies, got a box of Ci"tici;ea (oint-
ment) , a bottle of Cuticura Resolvent and
gave them a thorough trial, and after a few
applications I noticed the rcdnesss and inflam-
mation disappear ; be/ore I had used one box
there teas not a sign of Eczema left. 1 can
truthfully assert that $2.00 worth of Cuticuiu.
Remedies cured me.
J. D. PQRTE, 1115 Carson St., Pittsburg, Pa. ,
; Itching humor*, torturing, disfiguring eczemat, and
•very apeclea of Itching, burning, acaJy, cruitcd, and
pimply akin and acalp dlioawe, with dry, thin, and fall- *
ing hair, instantly relieved by a tingle application, and
speedily and economically cured by Cctiodea Kern- ;
dibs, when all else flajtU.
liriTAirT B-r.utr akd BrEst>T Cum Thatmskt fob
Evibt M- ■<()!.- Warm bath* with Cdticiiba Soap.
gentle auditing* with Cirr'Ci'BA (ointment), purest of
emollient •kin cure*, and mild dote* of CuncoaA Rc-
aoi. vist, greatest of blood purifier* and humor cures. '
I gold throne hou t the world. Pott Dbc« abd Cent.
Cob?.. Solo I'rcpi., Boston, ■ '■"„.'!: '■■
Bar— All AbouUhc Blood, ffkin.an'l Scalp." nailed frt*.
THRILLING EXPERIENCE ON THE BOUNDLESS DEEP.
Apprentice Henderson Lost Overboard From the British Bark Invercauld and Six Hours
Later Is Picked Up by the Steamer Walla Walla.
A THRILLING tale of the sea was
told for the first time on the water
front yesterday. An apprentice boy
fell overboard in mid-ocean from a
sailing vessel. After a search lasting four
hours the captain gave the lad up for
lost and continued the voyage. Two hours
later a steamer came along, picked up tnc
drowning lad and landed him in safety.
On August 31 last the British bark In
vercauld sailed for Astoria to load wheat
for Europe. When eight days out an ap
prentice boy named Henderson fell over
board. Captain Jackson at once hove the
bark to and lowered a boat. For four
hours the men rowed backward and for
ward, but the only trace of the boy they
could find was his cap. The search was
then abandoned, the boat hoisted aboard
and the Invercauld stood on her way.
Two hours later the San Francisco-
Puget Sound steamer Walla Walla came
booming along at a fourteeen-knot gait.
CHIEF LEES
ABANDONS HOPE
OF EXTRADITION
Finds the Constitution
Against Him.
MIGHT TRY MRS. BOTKIN HERE
IF SO, IT CAN ONLY BE ON A
LESSER CHARGE.
"The Police Have Not the Real Cul
prit Under Arrest," Says
Attorney Frank M»-
Gowan.
The persons representing the prosecu
tion In the Botkin rase are in a. quan
dary. The/ admit that on the showing
made before Governor Budd, taken with
his attitude in declining to ovei\
throw the constitution of the United
Slates, that he will refuse extraditi in.
They have, then, nothii.g left on which
to hold Mrs. Botkin, except the simple
charge of sending poisoned candy
through the mails.
The outcome of the proceedings before
Governor Budd did not affect Mrs. Botkin.
She had been assured of the strength of
her rosition and looked for no other end-
Ing. : y ' .'. :.. ~ ; ,-. .. ■■ y
"We have not determined upon our
course of action." said Senator Frank
McGowan of the defense yesterday. "We
could set Mrs. Botkin out on a writ
of habeas corpus on Monday, but have
no desire to create an unseemly scramble.
We are fighting for her on broad lines
and cannot afford to resort to any pro
cess whereby Mrs. Botkin may gain her
freedom on technical grounds. The case
will be closed when he denies extradition,
as we believe he will do. He Is acting in
the matter as chief executive of this
State, not as an individual, as has been
contended by Lees. They cannot man
damus the Governor unJer any condi
tions in this case. It is accepted that
when he denies the request for extradi
tion he does so on questions of fact."
"If the Governor allowed extradition
and a Superior Juage denied habeas cor
pus, and said she should be extradited,
we would then take it to the Supreme
Court. That Is the only avenue through
which it could get there."
The Governor might have granted an
ex.partc hearing in this case. The at
torneys for the defense are only there
through grace, while Lees— well, Lees is
there T>y disgrace.
"After all has been said and done upon
the legal status of this case, the police
have not the real poisoner under arrest,"
was the significant remark of the attor-
ney.
It is intimated that when the case is
again presented to Governor Budd that
objection will be made to Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Hosmer and Chief Lees
appearing for the prosecution. They are
officials of this State, and if they should
render any service it should be only in
assisting the Delaware authorities in
stead of bearing the brunt of the battle.
It is the custom for officers sent on a
mission like that of Detective McVey to
employ special counsel.
Chief Lees was in consultation yeseter
day afternoon with Assistant District
Attorney Hosmer regarding the prepa
ration of papers intended to correct the
vital defect in the extradition papers from
Governor Tunnell of Delaware. The Chlel
had not been convinced by the fusillade
of law points fired point blank at him
on Friday that his construction of the
law on Interstate extradition was not the
correct one. An undercurrent of both
resignation and complaint ran all through
his discussion of the proceedings of the
previous day, in which he thought ho
was the central figure.
"We have already commenced the prep
aration of papers remedying the defects
of those sent on by the Delaware au
thorities," he said yesterday. "I claim
that the papers are not defective, but
that each one of those affidavits is in it
self a full and sufficient complaint against
Mrs. Botkin.
"We have been allowed two weeks by
Governor Budd in which to perfect those
papers, although he made evident to us
at the close of the inquiry Just what his
decision would be at the end of that
time
"We hold that the enormity of the of
fense charged in this case makes it of
international importance and too vital fur
Governor Budd to decide the constitu
tional questions involved. Knight said
in the first place that he would waivi
all technical points involved and would
take the matter before the Supreme
Court for the determination of constitu
tional points, and if an adverse decision
were rendered she would have to go u>
Delaware and stand trial. Of course 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
and was almost on top of a drowning sail
or before the lookout saw him. Captain
Wallace stopped his vessel, lowered a
boat, and in a few minutes the boy, more
dead than alive, was aboard. It was
Henderson, the apprentice boy lost over
board from the Invercauld. He was soon
able to be about again. And then he told
how he saw the ship's boat searching for
him, but was too far away to make the
men hear. Then when the Walla Walla
hove in sight he swam for her as well
as he could, determined to let her run
over him and thus end the struggle, if
he could not make himself heard.
At the first port of call Captain Wal
lace put the lad ashore and he at once
made his way to Astoria. Captain Jack
son had, in the meantime, entered his
death in the ship"s log and had written
to his relatives telling of his drowning
at sea, so his surprise when Henderson
greeted him at Astoria can be imagined.
know a lawyer cannot relinquish points
favorable to his client.
"I will not consider the mlior charge
agninst Mrs. Botkin until the greater one
now pending has been settled. The de
fense is anxious that we should proceed
on the former, as by that means they
would tie me and my papers up. I be
lieve their client wquld gladly plead gui?
ty to that charge. This was done on me
under similar conditions once before.
"It was in the Cooper case. We wanted
the m: n here on a charge of forgery, and
finally learned that he was imprisoned
in London. I sarted for England. He
learnt d of my coming and pleaded guilty
of the charge against him there. I not
only could not get him, but the Horns
Secretary would hardly permit me to
visit Pentonville Prison, where he was de
detained.
"I still claim the Hall case has ma
terial bearing on this case. In that the
live Judges .agreed that the case was
triable in Tennessee on the ground that
North Carolina had no statute on its
bocks regulating extradition. We have
s-uch a statute on our books, and it
should apply here."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Rev. Tj. J. Ganer of Haywards is at the
Occidental.
Judge S. Solon Hall of Sacramento is
at the Grand.
Dr. M. E. de Yoe and wife of Modesto
are at the Lick.
W. S. Jenkins, a mining man of Sonora,
is at the Grand.
Dr. J. Silberstein of Fort Apache, Ariz.,
!s at the Grand.
Rev. R. C. Foute will leave for the East
to-morrow evening.
T. Dooling, a merchant and rancher of
Cohisa. is at the Russ.
\V. W. Douglas, ex-Sheriff of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
H. M. Gorham. a mining man of Gold
Hi!l. Xev., is at the Palace.
W. A. Snyder, the shipowner, of Seat
tle, and wife are at the Ku.ss.
H. M. Dombauph of the United States
chip Mohican Is at the Occidental.
C. D. Hazzard of the Quincy mine, Plu
mns County, has returned from Chicago.
■ George P. MacGov.-an of New Yoriv. nas
returned from the Klondike and Is at the
Baldwin.
Armand Cailleau, the well-known mer
chant, has returned from a four weeks'
business trip to New York.
P. P. Keoueh and W. B. Hall, mer
chants of Bishop, and Joseph Seely,
County Surveyor of Inyo C unty, are at
the Russ.
Sledge Taturn and J. B. Jones of the
United States Geological Survey arrived
from the East yesterday and are at the
Occidental.
Rt>v. T. de Witt Talmage has returned
from the southern part of the State and
Is at the Palace.
Dr. Browner of St. Louis has lust re
turned from the Klondike. He left this
city in May and went into Dawson with
the expectation of practicing 1 medicine.
The- Canadian authorities refused on the
ground that their statutes forbid foreign
physicians from practicing in their coun
try. Dr. Browner made the trip for noth
ing. ■■■ i^ ;''■■:■''/'. '"■ V;
■ ♦ « : ■ -
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— W. H. Bone
sail of Los Angeles is at the Ebbltt;
James Kennedy of San Francisco is at
the Shoreham, and J. G. Smith and J.
G. Drcwery of Pawson City, Alaska, are
at thn Wellington.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STANDARD BRANDS OF
Wines, Spirits, Mineral Waters
CHA.MPAONE
White Seal, (innde Cuvee, Bnit Imperial
Messrs. Moet & Chandon, Epernay.
CLARETS and SAUTERNES
Messrs. Dubos, Freres, Bordeaux.
HOCK arid MOSELLE WINES
Messrs. Oeinhard & Co., Coblentz.
MINERAL WATER
Johannis Co., Ld., Johannit Springs.
OINOER ALB
Messrs. Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast.
CANADIAN CLUB WHISKY
Messrs. Hiram Walker & Sons, Ld.,
WALKCRVILL
AMERICAN WHISKY
'The Old Government." Bottled in Bom
COQNAC BRANDY
Messrs. J. 4 F. Martell, Cognac.
SCOTCH WHISKY
Messrs. Andrew Usher & Co., Edlnbural
BASS' ALB and GUINNESS' STOUT
Dot's Head Brand
Messrs. Read Bros,, London.
BARTHOLOnAY BEER and VITAMALT
3artholomay Brewing Co.. Rochester, HA
POR SALE BY DEALERS and GROCER
Wm.Wolff&Co.
PACIFIC COABT AGENTS
327-329 Market St. San Francisco
THE NEW YEAR
CELEBRATION
OF THE JEWS
Services in Temple
Emanu-El.
NEW ORGAN IS CONSECRATED
RABBI VOOBSANQER DELIVERS
AN ELOQUENT SERMON.
Appropriate Discourses by Rabbis
Myers, Levy and Nieto Irom
Their Respective
Pulpits.
The Jewish New Year's day of the year
5659, according to the Hebrew calendar,
was generally observed by the Jews of
San Francisco yesterday. The morning
services at the Temple Emanu-El w re of
a particularly interesting character, ow
ing to the consecration of the new orgau,
which cost 111,000. The general voicing
and tone of this organ resembles very
closely that of the one tn St. Mary :>
Catholic Cathedral, both having been
constructed by the same builders. It has
thirty-two speaking tubes, and a lari^e
number of combination stops. The action
is by electricity. The pedal is concave,
in accord with the rules of the College
of Orgunlsts of London, and is the only
one in California. W. A. Sabin played
this grand organ yesterday In masterly
style and with wonderful effect.
The vo< a.l music, in connection with the
organ, was a very attractive feature, in
addition to the permanent choir, several
of tne best singers of the city were en
paged for this special occasion. The solo
ißts were Miss Daisy Conn, soprano; Mrs.
Kelly, alto; Mr. Borrows, tenor, and t».
Homer Henley, basso. The music for this
festival was specially prepared and com
posed by Cantor E. J. Stark, the princi
pal numbers being the opening hymn,
"Psalm 100," "Kedushah" ("Santiflca
tion"), barytono solo and chorus; "Adon-
Olam," an elaborate and difficult soprano
solo, charmingly sung by Miss ]>aisj
Conn; and the traditional melodies of the
Hebrews rendered in admirable style by
Cantor Stark, with organ accompaniment.
These melodies are of an Oriental chai
acter, and were set to music by Cantor
Ptark in a way that preserved their
originality, a very difficult task to do.
The ensemble work of the choir was
executed in a most thorough and finished
style., which gave evidence of careful
training at the rehearsals under the can-
tor.
Rabbi Voorsanger's discourse was ap
propriately upon the subject of "The
Organ as a Symbol of Life." The organ,
he said, is a symbol of the
feast that brings Israel nearei
their God. For all eternity its sounds will
fall upon the human ear, bringing har
monious pleasure. "The greatest glory
In the organ is the influence that the
swelling tone that enters our hearts has
upon us. Learn to respond to the touch
of the master hand that sweeps the
chords of the human heart and gives forth
the sound that best accords with tha
harmonious whole. How often do we mis
understand the music that is set before
us, and how often do we give forth dis
cordant notes that evidence our misun
derstanding. The music of the organ fills
the house of God and our hearts with en
trancing harmonies. May the whole
human race be some day united in one
grand harmony in which there shall be
no discord."
"The Book of Life" was the subject of
the discourse of Rabbi Isidore Myers at
the Bush Street Temple yesterday morn
ing. He presented the Jewish idea,
which is that man ia to work out his
own salvation in life. The sentiment of
this idea is a protest against selfish Iso
lation. Man must recognize the duty he
owes to others as well as the duty to
himself. He must not procrastinate.
When a Jew in his prayer asks God to
inscribe ills name in the Book of Life
he adds that that life shall be the real
life, the higher life, one that is devoted
to the means of reaching his higher des
tiny. We are led to understand our
higher life in these words — wisdom, rev
erence, suffering, qualities and actions.
The music at these services was of an
attractive character, under the direction
of Cantor Myerson. The selections were
given by Eva Tenney and Mrs. Alvina
Heuer Wilson, sopranos; Miss Caroline
Boyan, contralto; H. H. McCurda and
Mr. Thornton, tenors; R. C. Duncan,
basso; Professor Dellepiane, organist.
To-day Rabbi Myers will by request re
peat his sermon in verse on "The Blow*
ing of the Trumpet." which he delivered
one year ago.
"Put not your trust in princes nor in
the son of man, in whom there is no
help," was the text of Rabbi M. S. Levy
of the Congregation Beth Israel, who for
cibly and convincingly maintained that
man's best friend is God. An affecting
feature of tUe service was the rabbi's
eloquent and touching prayer for the ab
sent boys of the army and navy, and for
the President of the United States and
for permanent peace. Among the at
tendants at the service were all the Jew
ish soldiers o f the Tennessee, lowa and
seventh California Regiments, and the
only Jew. named Cooper, from tho train
ing ship Mohican. The ladies of the con
gregation, through Mrs. S. Ashim, pre
sented the rabbi with a complete outfit
of elaborately embroidered white satin
for the altar and pulpit.
Rabbi Jacob Nieto of the synagogue of
Congregation Sherith Israel" took for his
subject. "The Significance of the Day,"
which he set forth in an Instructive and
interesting manner. The special pro
gramme of music, arrange] by Cantor
Davis, was unusually attractive, and add
ed much to the impressiveness of the oc
casion.
Services were also held in B'nai B'rith
Hall by Rev. H. J. Abrahams and Rev.
G. A. Danziger; also at Congregation
Shaarl Zedek, Nevah Zedek Congregation
Synagogue, Beth Menachim Streisand
Synagogue, Congregation Sphard Syna
gogue and Congregation Chebra Thilllm
Synagogue.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— Thomas Magee
Jr. of San Francisco Is at the Empire.
S. H. Garrett of Los Angeles and M. A.
B. Jenks of San Rafael are at the Marl
borough.
Shea to Be Retried.
Patrick Shea, convicted of having crim
inally assaulted Eliza Godecke, was grant
ed a new trial by Judge Cook yesterday.
The court held that during the trial of
Shta. errors were made in the admission of
testimony which, if permitted to stand,
would do the defendant injustice. Shea
once served a term in penitentiary for lar
ceny, and considering this fact It is likely
that had the prisoner been sentenced yes
terday instead of being granted a new
trial, he would have received a term in
prison but little better than life.
Held for Embezzlement.
Attorney A. Friedlander was yesterday
held to answer by Judge Conlan on a
charge of felony-embezzlement in $1000
bonds. He was accused of embezzling
funds belonging to Washington Irwin of
the Dawson City saloon, East* street, one
of his clients.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- -■;"--'-' "7 ~
Tapestry
fable covers
A bright dining-room helps to make a cheer-
ful home. We offer, beginning Monday, cheer
for every home— tapestry table covers in many
colorings and designs at affordable prices.
Wood colors knot- , Imported, very hand- French Imported
ted fringe; size six- some designs; many  different designs
„„ ,, a * n «rfh colors; a Wfast ; nicely £ and fast colors:
quarters; worth . knott^ . / ringe; size ', heavy knotted
; $1.50; now . * six-quarters ; worth 4 fringe ; size si x-
sl.oo * 2 -5° $1.65 m quarters; worth
» *3-5o $235
Ramie tapestry ; Oriental tapestry; re- .
quiet colorings ; versible, rich color- Many different
knotted fringe ; ings and designs; bright, cheerful
size eight-quart- fringed; size eight- colorings; knot-
ers; worth $2.50 quarters; $3.50 value ted fringe; eight-
for $1.75 ™ ■ $2,50 quarters; $2.75
Imported French : tapestry covers; exquisite Oriental de. :•
colorings are exceptionally bright, because of the beautiful .
used by the French. Size eight-quarters.
$3>50y3 : 75, 4-o°, 4-SQ, 5-s<>.
Oriental Tapestry Smyrna Rugs
Imported ramie tapestry 50 Reversible, 30x60 inches,
inches wide. Beautiful Or- knotted fringe ends; strong,
:iental designs and color ef- yet handsome; variety of
■ fects. Very desirable for designs and colors — among
couch covers, portieres and . them the popular delft blue,
upholstering. This same worth $2.50, now $1.85
cloth has been sold over the , -a
counter for 75 1 cents a yard; wort . 3-50, now 2.25
present price 35c worth 4.50, now 3.25
Children's Underwear Reduced
Reduced prices on infants' and children's imported Swiss ribbed
wool vests; in colors, white and natural. _
Sizes 1 to 6, half open front; Sizes 1 to 9, all open front;
' regular prices 60c to 75c now regular prices $1 to 1.25 now
40c 75c *
» Above goods are now on display in our windows.
125 to 131 Kearny St. :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW
RIBBONS!
We beg to announce the arrival this
week of our NEW FALL RIBBONS, con-
sisting of Double-faced Satin, Plain Taf-
feta, Moire Taffeta, Roman Plaids, Stripes
and Changeable Effects ; also a complete
stock of Colored and Black Velvet
Ribbons.
We invite particular attention to the
following TWO LOTS, which will be found
the greatest values we have ever offered:
400 pieces 3^-inch Extra Quality, Double-
faced Satin Ribbon, cord edge, in all the
new shades. •
Price, 35c per Yard.
300 pieces 4-inch, Extra Quality, Double-
faced Satin Ribbon, cord edge, 3O
different shades. ' ;
Price, 4Oc per Yard,
Samples of the above Ribbons
will be sent free to any address.
See exhibition of above goods in
our show windows.
TELEPHONE GRANT 124.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
MORE DUPES ARE
COMING FORWARD
BAIN'S JffATRIMONIAL AGENCY
EXPOSE BEARING FRUIT.
The "Wealthy Widow" and Her Ac
complice Put Up Cash Bail for
Release From Custody.
Mrs. Grace Allison, the "wealthy
widow" of Bain's Matrimonial Agency,
and Isaac W. Bain, the proprietor of the
agency, who were arrested on Friday
night on an indictment of the Grand Jury
charging them with conspiracy to swindle
John L. Deuprey, an old blacksmith of
Winters, Yolo County, out of a piano and
a diamond ring and scarf pin, are out on
bail.
They were taken before Judge Borden
yesterday morning, and an application
was made for a reduction of their bonds
from $2000 to JIOOO. The Judge granted Uie
application, and Bain was taken by an
officer to the Safe Deposit vaults, where
he drew $1100. He returned to court and
put up $1000 cash for himself and Mrs.
Allison, and the Judge signed the neces
sary order.
Detective Dillon and Sergeant lo.offltt
continued their search yesterday for the
'■piano and jewelry. They found the piano
in a house on Mission street, where Bain
had left it with a young lady friend, as
he said "his wife had gone to the country
for some months." It was taken to the
City Hall and placed in the care of Prop
erty Clerk Moran. They were unable to
find the diamond ring and diamond scarf
pin, but secured posse? .-ion of the keys of
the Safe Deposit vault irom Bain, so that
they may search it to-morrow.
Two other victims of the "wealthy
widow," who each gave a diamond en
gagement ring, made themselves known
yesterday, and Bain deposited $20 with
each of their attorneys as a guarantee
that he would deliver the rings to them
to-morrow. The police have not yet got
theii names, but to-morrow an .effort will
be made to get them to go before the
Grand Jury.
August Licenses Collected.
Thomas F. Bonnet, License Collector,
reports to the Supervisors that dur
ing August he collected for 1608 city and
county licenses the sum of $29,532; from
1175 general fund municipal licenses
$5641 50, and from 412 Street Department
fund licenses, $957 25.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSBSSSSSBSS3S2SBS2.
| CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. ®
ss >a^ r^v TT^fc &
ss MT^ZTM jj
ss f ow^L ' tss
ss \\ 1 ss
£ DRESSING TABLES. 2
a We have just received a large S5
8? stock of these tables in quartered gg
c* oak, hand carved and hand pol-
*° ished, plate mirrors. ; »3
ON SPECIAL SALE NEXT WEEK. a
SS Examine our stock; read our gj
o* advertisements; look at our prices. „_
85 Then we know you'll be one of our «5
SS customers when you need furnl- 55
53 ture. __ 88
S J. NOON AN, *
Complete House-Furnisher, *^
83 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., 23
88 Above Sixth. • SS
88 *Phone South 14. Open Evening, o*
8S 88 SS 88 SS SS SS 82 88 SS SS SS 82 SS 88 SS SS -
- — — J- — ; ■
CIOSE ONE eyeawthenthe other
IF CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR
AND FAR CALL AND SEE US: »
OPTICIANS photo^sufwes
Scientific Instruments- v
~5~ 642 MARKET ST. TfT
U«M« CHRONICLE BUILDING-^. '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
j I/ 1 EARNY AND WASHINGTON arts.— RE-
■» modeled and renovated. - KING. WARD iA '
CO. >■-: -.; European plan. ' • Rooms ■ 60c , to ' $1 SO ■ day, i
15 to isB week, $8 •to 130 ■ month. j Free : baths; | hot ■
»nd cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night. *>RESCUEING THE ICE IMPRISONED WHALERS
ON the 14th of November last The Call published a statement by Captain Tllton of the steam whaler Alexander,
that reached port on the 3d, tottte cffpct that eight vessels of the whaling fleet wore icebound at or near Point
Barrow, and that the crews would probably starve before the spring owing to the scanty store of provisions on
most of the ships. On November 5 the Jeannette, Karluk, Gayhead and Alice Knowles arrived and confirmed Til
ton's report. This serious state of affairs being made known at Washington, it was decided, at a Cabinet meeting held
on the Sth to attempt a rescue, and on the 10th the revenue cutter Bear was chosen for the trip. It being an expedi
tion fraught with many unusual hardships and dangers, the department decided to call for volunteers. Of course
every officer jumped at the chance, and applications to go poured in, and the department finally selected the following
: Captain F. Tuttle, who was at the time in command of the Brar: ,First lieutenant D. H. Jarvis, First Lleu
ttnurt J. H. Brown. Second Lieutenants E. P. R^rtholf, C. S, Cochrnne. J. G. Berry. B. H. Camden and H. G. Ham
let, Chief Engim-er H. W. Spear, First Assistant Enginrfr H. H. Wood, Second Assistant Engineers H. K. Spencer
and J. I. Bryan, and Surgeons s. J. Call and E. H. Woodruff.
The B<ar ha<l just returned from her usual summer trip to the Arctic, and repairs were needed, but they were
pushed forward with all possible haste and all preparations made, so that on November 27 she left Seattle bound on
her errand of mercy. She was to mako her way north as far as the Ice would permit and then land the overland
party, Who wi-rc to travel by means of dog sleds to Cape Prince of Wales, get the deer herd at that place and drive
it to Point Barrow," this boing the only means of getting. food to the imprisoned whalers before the ships could
reach them in the spring, for it was an impossibility to sled provisions enough for 200 or 300 men a thousand miles.
The officers designated for the overland trip were Lieutenants Jarvis and Bertholf and_ Dr. Call.
Lieutenant Jarvis, who commanded the party, had seen eight seasons in the Arctic Ocean, and was thor
oughly familiar with the coast and country, and knew the natives well, and was eminently fitted to carry the
plans to a successful finish. As. soon as it was officially decided to send the Bear The Call, through its repre
sentatives at Washington, offered to bear the expenses incident to the expedition, and the department finally de
cided to allow The Call to furnish the fur clothing needed by the officers and men and the extra provisions and
tobacco for the crew, the department, of course, providing the usual ship's ration. Besides the rations for the
ship's company the Bear took on board 12,000 extra rations with which to feed the shipwrecked men when she
reached Point Barrow. Below will be found an account of the hardships experienced by the rescuers before they
successfully reached the starving whalers
Fi.rpiai to the Sunday Call from Seattle.
At lo.rn to day, the 13in of Septem
ber, the United States revenue steamer
Bear arrived in Seattle harbor, hav
ing on board ninety-one shipwrecked
•whalers, the greater part of the crews
of the Ore;:, Kosario and Freeman,
which vessels have left their bones in
the Arctic seas. The other part of the
crews shipix-il (in board other vessels
of the whaling fleet after the Bear
reached Point Barrow in the spring.
Thus is brought to a successful finish
the expedition for the relief of the im
prisoned whalers, on which mission
the Bear left Seattle on the 27th of last
November, and which adds one more
successful Arctic expedition to the
credit of the revenue cutter service.
• • •
Story of* the Rescue.
After rather a rough passage the
Bear reached Unalaska on December 9,
and sending ashore the stores which
would not be needed until the spring
and gathering up all the dogs in the
village left on the 11th and started on
the real work of the trip. The weather
holding good we made fair time, so
that on the morning of the 13th we
passed St. Lawrence Island, having
Been little or no ice. and then we be
gan to hope we could get as far north
as Cape Prince of Wales.
In the afternoon, however, we began
to strike the mushy water, that is,
water on the point of freezing, and con
siderable drift ice began to make its
appearance, so that at about 5 p. m.
THE CALL Sunday Edition
on me 13th it was decided it would oe
Impossible for us to get much further,
and we turned and stood for Nunivak
Island. At this time we were within
about seventy-five miles of Sledge
Island, and it seemed too bad we could
not get ashore there, as Nunivak rep
resented about 800 miles more of sled
travel. However, there was no help for
it and we headed south, reaching Cape
Vancouver on the afternoon of the
16th. There is a native vlllaee at this
place, and upon going ashore Jarvis
found a native trader wljo could furnish
us with dogs and sleds and get us to
St. Michael in about ten days. This
was good news, and our supplies were
landed at once, our good-bys were said,
and noon Lieutenant Jarvis, Dr. Call
and myself stood on the beach, at last,
started on our long Journey over the
snow and ice. There was another man
with us. F. Koltchoff, who was to be
employed with the Government herd 6f
reindeer at- Unalakleet. and was to be
taken along with us that far.
We had landed about four miles from
the village of Tununak, but as the na
tives had come to meet us In their kay
aks they took our provisions and out
flrs and transported everything to the
village, while we, with the trader, Alexis
Caleny, footed it, arriving at his house
at about 3:30 p. m. After a further
consultation with Alexis Lieutenam
Jarvis decided not to start until the
18th, as one of the teams we were to
use had but Just returned from an
eight days' trip and needed rest. So
we utilized the rest of thnt day and thy
next completing our preparations and
packing the dop sleds. Early on Sat
urday morning, the 18th, everybody
was astir and the dogs soon harnessed
and at half-past 7 we started with four
teams and Alexis for a guide. After
toiling our way over what seemed an
impassable mountain the first day and
a road nearly as tough t'.:e next, tak
ing a direction about northeast, we
reached a village called by the natives
Kiyiligamute on the evening of tho
20th. Here Alexis said some of his
, dogs were too young and too weak to
stand the travel any further, and as
all the dogs in the village w.re away
at the time Jarvis decided to go on
ahead with two teams and Dr. Call
and leave KnJtchoff. Alexis arid myself
behind to wait for the fresh dogs. By
this arrangement he would lose no
time and would have all necessary ar
rangements made at St. Michael by the
time we arrived at that place. The de-
ISpecial
Correspondent of
The Call.
BY Lt. E. P. Bertholf U.S.R.S.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
How the Natives Who Succumbed to the Hardships Were Buried by Their priends.
tails of our sled trip having been de
scribed in my previous letters to The
Call I will not repeat them here. Our
route lay in a general northeast direc
tion for the next two days, and then
about north, which brought us to the
Yukon. Then we traveled down the
river to the sea and proceeded along
the v coast to St. Michael. Jarvis
reached Andreafsky on the Yukon on
the 24th and after making glad the
hearts of the miners with the letters he
had brought from home, traveled down
the river and reached St. Michael on
the 30th. Meanwhile the fresh dogs we
were waiting for arrived on the even
ing of the 21st, so that Koltchoff, Alexis
and myself were able to follow on the
22d, and reached St. Michael on the
Ist of January about noon, and found
that Jarvis had left there only two
hours before. I soon learned from his
letter of instructions that he had gone
along the coast up around Norton
Sound and along the Cape Prince of
Wales peninsula, so as to get the deer
herd started nortli as soon as possible,
and that I was to follow as soon as I
could procure the necessary dogs, and
to go to the head of Norton Sound and
pack provisions across what is
known as the divide, so as to meet the
deer herd when it arrived at Kotze
bue Sound ,and thus replenkh the iar
der of the t:er herders. As Jarvis in
tended to travel by deer sled as soon
as he reached the herd, I waited at St.
Michael' for a few days until his teams
qould get . back, as dogs were very
scarce, tlie rush to the Klondike hav
ing prett*- well cleaned the country of
them. After waiting a few days, and
seeing no signs of the dogs, I decided to
go to Unalakleet, where I was to get
the bulk'of my provisions and wait
there for the dog teams. Alexis hav
ing been engaged to go only as far as
St. Michael, I bought one of his teams
and left him there. Koltchoff, being of
no further use to the expedition, was
also left there, and on the 6th of Jan
upn' I left St. Michael with one dog
team and a native guide. After we
hr- 1 gone about ten miles of the way
across the stretch of ice to the main
land the queerest looking outfit I
had ever seen loomed up ahead.
There v. as ice all around us as
far as the eye could reach, yet
here was a vessel apparently bear
ing down upon us rapidly, for we could
make out a lag sail, a mast and the
American ensirn flying from the mast
head. My native guide could make
nothing out of it, but upon closer in
spect'on we made it out to be a sled
coming across the ice under sail and
going so fast with a fair wind as to
nearly run over the dogs. As soon as
we came abreast and the usual saluta
tions had been exchanged I found the
owner of this curious outfit to be Mr.
George F. Tilton, the third mate of the
whaler Belvidere, who had left Point
Barrow on the 17th of October and was
on his v. ay to Sa:. Francisco to let the
owners of the imprisoned vessels know
their condition and to ask for whatever
help could be sent. As I learned after
a few minutes' conversation that Til
ton had met Jarvis nnd Call and had
given them all the information he had.
we soon parted, and I continued on my
way to Unalakleet, arriving there on
January 8.
Here I was forced to wait again, for
the dogs had not yet returned. By this
time the weather had got very cold,
and the thermometer was on the aver
age about 35 degrees below zero, and
yet, as we were well provided with
skin clothing, we did not suffer great
ly. After waiting at Unalakleet until
the 15th, and no dogs having arrived,
I concluded to go on to Koyuk, at the
Continued on Page Twenty-six.18
"What are the Mysteries of Spiritism?"
DAVID STARR JORDAN
PROF. JOSEPH LE CONTE
FATHER MAC CORRY
DR. JOHN HEMPHILL
RABBI LEVY
DR. ROBT.A.McLEAN
THE recent conversion of Dr. Richard Hodgson,
president of the American Society of Psychical
Research, to the belief that spiritism is a re
ality and not a sham, and the frank admission
of Profe*sor William James, the eminent psychologist
of Harvard University, that he has found the phe
nomena which were instrumental in the conversion
of Dr. Hodgson "the most absolutely baffling thing"
that he has ever known, have aroused much interest
In the thinking world.
Ever since death first entered into the scheme of
life the human heart has longed to know the truth,
or something of the truth, of the after death. The
fact that such a distinguished and thoroughly relia
ble man as Dr. Hodgson has, after seven years spent
in the most rigid investigation and unremitting study
of the subject, openly declared that he is convinced
that it is possible for disembodied spirits to return
and hold communication with their living friends has
created a most decided sensation among the foremost
Ftudents of such phenomena.
Some of our prominent local scientific and profes
sional men have expressed themselves on the subject
as follows:
I have not seen the full text of Dr. Hodgson's report
of the singular case of Mrs. Piper, nor has he given
the most striking reaiures
of this case to the public,
because he regards them
as too personal to the al
leeed spirit of "George
PRtSIDtNI DAVIU bIAKK
JORDAN,
Stanford University. ■
Pelham." All that I can give then is a tentative sura-
Mary of my own impressions.
I see nothing in the report that would give to me
the slightest foundation for the belief that the spirit
of the dead man called "George Pelham" had any
connection with these phenomena.
We may accept Professor James' statement that
there was no conscious fraud in the case, and that
Dr. Hodgson was not a conscious accomplice in any
deception.
We know that there are many subjective phe
nomena, the results of unconscious, unguide-d mental
operations or "subliminal" nerve action, and that these
taking plar? under special conditions are extremely
puzzling to the outsider. We know that even the
cleverest of observers are liable to interpret these
phenomena in accordance with their own theories. We
know that in cases of this type no revelation or out
giving rises above the intellectual level of the "me
dium" himself. Hence the silliness of all "revelations
of the spirit world" thus far recorded— except fraudu
lent ones. Professor James well says that "The spirit
hypothesis exhibits a vacancy, triviality and inco
herence of mind painful to think of as the state of
the departed."
The theory of "floating mind-stuff in the universe"
manifesting itself in these grotesque ways seems to
me nonsense.
I think that Professor James' remaining: sugges
tion ip probably the correct one. Mrs. Piper's own
brain in its unconscious or crazy action "masquerades
in this way and plays these fantastic tricks before
higft heaven, using its preternatural (I should say.
rather, diseased or abnormal) powers of cognition and
memory for the basest of deceits."
In all cases of alleged spirit manifestation (not
mere fraud) of which I have knowledge the plain ex
planation of the phenomena lies in the nature of the
nervous system of the so-called "medium." In other
words, they belong (when not assumed or fraudulent)
to the category of symptoms of nervous derangement
or disease and their testimony has the same objective
reality U that of the inebriate who mistakes the
pressure of cerebral congestion for snakes and mice.
The theories nf witchcraft nnd demoniacal posses
sion which troubled our grandfathers and which de
ceived far subtler minds than Dr. Hodgson, rested on
similar phenomena and were supported by many cases
of abnormal mental action quite as difficult to ex
plain. But the?e manifestations which failed to prove
the existence of witches and devils likewise fail as
proofs of immortality.
* • •
While I cannot say that I believe in supernormal
manifestations of any kind and can truthfully declare
that I have never had any
personal experiences that
I do not feel certain were
clearly explainable on
plain, straightforward, na-
°ROF. JOSEPH LECONTE,
Unlvemty of California.
tural lines, I have yet always avoided taking the
position of simply denying the existence of such mani
festations and experiences.
It is most certainly possible that others can see
WORK BEGUN ON THE BIG SAN PEDRO BREAKWATER OFF LOS ANGELES
ONE thousand three hundred and
three dollars nineteen cents
eight mills per day. That is the
amount the Government will ex
pend for one thousand days in
the construction of the San Pe
dro breakwater, off San Pedro, com
mencing with the 12th day of Novem
ber, 1898.
Mr. Neu, the Junior member of the
firm of Heldmaier & Neu of Chicago,
whose contract with the Government
for the construction of the breakwater
was signed August 12, was in this city
in the past week in consultation with
Major Charles K. L. B. Davis, United
States engineer officer, and en route to
Los Angules, where he will at once be
gin the preliminary arrangements for
the actual work of construction.
Since the report of the commission,
composed of John G. Walker, Rear Ad
miral, U. S. N. ; Augustus F. Rogers,
Assistant United States Coast Survey;
William H. Burn, Richard P. Morgan
and George S. Morrison, recommend
ing San Pedro as the proper site for
the construction of a Government
breakwater, on March 2, 1897, Southern
California has been aglow with antici
pation. This emotion has been quite
equally shared by all portions of the
State, directly or indirectly to be af-
fectod in a commercial sense by the
expenditure and the permanent re
sults of such expenditure of more than
three million dollars to be appropriated
by Congress.
The contract made with Heldmaier
& Neu calls for the performance of la
bor and furnishing material that must
exhaust the first annual appropriation
of 5400,000, by November 12, 1899; and
fo the work shall continue until more
than thirteen hundred thousand dol
lars of appropriations shall have been
applied to the construction of the
breakwater.
This million and a half of money to
be paid to the Chicago contractors for
and hear and know of things to which
I am blind and deaf, and of which I
am totally ignorant. I can only state
that for twenty years I have vainly
tried to obtain some positive proof of
that to which Dr. Richardson Hodg
son has become a convert. Like many
others, I found the questions of life
after death and spirit return to this
earth vitally interesting and I faith
fully endeavored to learn the answer.
I approached the subject with a per
fectly fair and open mind which if pre
disposed at all was predisposed to be
lief rather than to skepticism.
Many of the exhibitions riven were simply silly —
too trivial and foolish in their nature or too obviously
sheer humbug to merit the slightest serious considera
tion. Others again were puzzling and mystifying, but
unsatisfactory in the extreme. Several experiences
which I had were seemingly unexplainable by any
known natural laws, but they were none of them of
such a nature as to convince me that they were
caused by the disembodied spirits of humanity.
In the majority — the great majority — of cases I be
lieve that the so-called mediums were merely mercen
ary frauds, who deliberately deceived their fellow
creatures and trampled on their tenderest and holiest
feelings — the longing for some word or sign from some
lost loved one — for the sake of enriching themselves.
In a few instances I believe that the medium was
actually self-deceived and believed thoroughly in his
or her possession of supernatural powers. Some in
dividuals in this latter class really astonished me in
certain instances, but it seems to me that what is
known as "mind reading" is the most rational and
probable explanation of these cases.
It is customary with many to account for certain
mystifying things by saying that "our senses deceive
us." This is untrue. Our senses never deceive us;
we deceive ourselves often through errors of judg
ment. Any one who studies the theory of vinocular
vision as I do knows that there are hundreds of facts
upon which we base judgments that drop out of con
sciousness; indeed, much that we call "intuition" is
based on such facts — things experienced but gone from
our consciousness. I,ight gives us nothing but color
and the existence, dirpction and intensity of light;
form, distance and size are all matters of judgment,
and judgment is not always Infallible. Hearing gives
us less than sight, since it gives us little or no idea
of direction and our judgment regarding sounds is
often very poor. "What we see and what we hear,
therefore, being so greatly matters of judgment, it is
not at all strange that the "believing" frame of mind
upon which mediums insist helps us to see and hear
many things whirh really do not exist.
The materialism of the present age is so strong
that any positive proof or assurance of life and con
sciousness after death would be most gratifying to
many of us, but my efforts to obtain such assurance
have been most signal failures.
After twenty years of investigation I am not con
vinced, but in fairness I must say that I do not feel
Justified in denying tho possibility of spiritism. I
simply hold my mind in suspense, with, however, a
strong tendency — born of my many experiences —
toward skepticism.
» • *
Spiritism in some form or other Is as old as the
world. You will find it responsible for the great
REV. FATHER MACCORRY,
Paulitt— St Mary's Church.
' by the magicians of the
Orient and the oracles of Greece and Rome as far
back as history will carry us.
Its comparative recent development, however, that
of table-turning, table-rapping dark-room seances,
etc.. took form in our own country somewhere, I think,
about the early forties of the present century.
Are not the phenomena produced by certain me
diums difficult to explain?
They are! But first of all I believe that nine out of
every ten so-called achievements are arrant and un
mitigated humbug. How often have they been demon
strate so? Many instances occur to me even now
wher»*the witnesses of seances locked the door and
having secured the operator found all the parapher
nalia of letrerdemnin. Other performances may be
ascribed, perhaps, to mesmerism or animal magnetism,
while a small residuum must be referred to some pre
ternatural agency. That agency cannot be God. Why,
the Avhole Scriptures are ablaze with his indignation
against the practice. "I shall be a swift witness
against the sorcerer," He says in one place. And
Will Cost Several Million Dollars When Completed, and Will Adi Another Important Harbor to the Pacific Coast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
apostacy of the Gentiles
which followed the con
fusion of the tongues of
Babel. It was practised
again, "There shall not be among you a consultor of
spirits or a wizard or a necromancer, for all that do
these things are an abomination to the Lord." We
are forced back then upon the only other possible
alternative — that such phenomena as cannot be ex
plained on natural grounds are the production of sheer
and consummate deviltry.
The criteria of demoniac invasion aa laid down by
the Catholic Church for the guidance of exorcists^ in
this connection are interesting. They are seven:
1. Power of knowing the unexpressed thoughts of
others.
2. Understanding of unknown languages.
3. Power of speaking unknown or foreign tongues.
4. Apparent knowledge of future events.
5. Apparent knowledge of things passing In distant
places.
6. Exhibition of superior physical strength.
7. Suspension of the body in the air during a con
siderable time.
Now, of course, while this enumeration does not
pretend to exhaust the power which the devil may
exercise among men, we have yet to hear of an in
stance in modern spiritism which will not, at least in
directly, classify under some one of these headings.
If we but examine with some diligence the nature of
the phenomena presented we will have little difficulty
in attributing them to their proper sources.
All satanic Invasion brings trouble and perturba
tion, while the incoming of the Holy Ghost is calm and
full of peace. No man who is not terribly deceived
could refer the violent disorder, the trembling and
foaming at the mouth so common with spiritist me
diums to other than evil influences.
The Ixird was not in the fearful wind that rent the
mountain: He was not in the flre that seethed it in
flame, but in the still, small voice that made the
prophet step forth from his cave to listen. When
God comes to us Jn his gracious visitations all is
serene and sweet. There is no disturbance of the
physical system, no whirling, no wringing and twisting
of limbs, no abnormal development or exercise of the
faculties to mark the advent of the spirit of love.
How can you explain such strong minds being at
tracted by the tenets of spiritism?
Ah, yes; that is why I hate it so. It takes ad
vantage of a man in the hour of his weakness. We
lose a friend. The trial is sharp, keen, suffocating.
The house is lonely. The world is dark. Our hearts
arc empty. The separation is insufferable. Then
spiritism approaches us and says: "Come with me
to-night, and in the darkness and the shadow if you
cannot hear his voice again at least you can hear the
tapping of his hand!"
It lies! If he hears anything from the spirit world
It is the drumming of the claws of Satan.
In the afterglow of bereavement there always
comes an instinctive longing to commune in some way
with our dear departed. Most of us have felt that.
It seems part of our nature. But oh! I pity deep down
in my heart a man that can satisfy such sacred long
ings with the miserable, stifled, half-utterance of the
seance room.
The Catholic doctrine of the Communion of Saints,
and it alone, can bring into the heart made desolate
true consolation and the peace of God.
"Spiritism!" I once said to a man who had dragged
his outraged physical organism — a mere wreckage —
from its grasp. "Spiritism!" he repeated, "I would to
God I could gather up all the raps it has ever heard
from spirits damned or saved and gather them all on
its own head in one thundering rap of annihilation."
I hate spiritism, too, because it is an affair of dark
ness. Speaking of Saul, you will remember he con
sulted the Witch of Endor by night. He did not go
in the day time because he was ashamed. Besides
that, he knew that this medium, like all her succes
sors, performed her exploits by night. The Daven
ports^ the Fowlers, the Foxes, the spirit mediums of
all ages have chosen the night or a darkened room.
I wonder why? Are the souls of the. saints of God
creatures of darkness or creatures of light? Would
you want the soul of your child that
<?ied last year to come down from its
place by the throne of God to crawl
under a table In a darkened room?
Would God permit It? Spiritism is an
affair of darkness! I wonder why?
Does it fear God's light?
Besides that spiritism is a social
curse. It stabs at the heart of the
marriage sacrament. It stabs at the
life-principle of the state. Has not
the licentiousness enacted under its pa
tronage been a stench in the nostrils
of the Almighty? Has not the law
been invoked to stop the crime? Has
not its "elective affinities" and "afflni
tal relations" driven some of our men
and women into open profligacy? One
of its public organs has declared that
"marriage is the monster curse of civil
ization." Have you read the address
of a certain woman on "Woman's
Rights," read before a recent spiritist
convention? It appeared at the time
In the Banner of Light.
"I am aware," she says in part, "that
I have chosen almost a forbidden
subject; forbidden from the fact
that any who can or dare look at the marriage
question in the face, candidly and openly denouncing
the institution at- the sole cause of woman's degrada
tion and misery, are objects of suspicion, of scorn and
opprobrious epithets. • • • She (meaning woman)
must demand her freedom; her right to receive the
equal waees of man in payment for her labor; her
right to have children, when she will and by whom.
May God keep back the day when our women shall
have such "rights" as that! .
I tell you a religion that would advocate that prin
ciple alone is unclean, adulterous and damnable.
But spiritists, father?
Oh, yes! "We love the sinner, but we hate his sin!
Looking at the matter as I must from the stand
point of a medical man the widespread restless curi-
— r osity of the present day
ROBERT A. McLEAN, M. D.
epathy and "super-normal" influences and occurrences
seems deplorable. I do not deny that there are mys
teries in this world which no man has as yet satis
factorily explained; Such mysteries surround us and
are parts of our daily lives, but we are accustomed to
them and therefore accept them as simple facts of
existence.
Wonderful things are to be seen and. heard and
experienced continually, but we have been rendered
carelessly indifferent to them by reason of their con
stant and systematic recurrence, or by the familiarity
which has robbed them of their interest. Our fore
fathers would see evidences of witchcraft and demon
ism where we see only practical application of forces
which give us the modern conveniences that have
~ become necessities.  „ • „ ,r. A .*
Leaving this aside and dealing strictly the
matter in hand it may be said "most -solemnly that
when people begin to try to reach out into the un
knowable they are reaching out toward their,' own
mental destruction. The first step taken in this direc
tion is the first step toward the lunatic asylum. This
has been proven times without number in the past,
and most assuredly will be proven over and over again
in the future. The man or woman who devotes him
self or herself to this line of speculation, investiga
tion and experiment will Inevitably become more or
less insane. Correct mental poise is impossible to
those who here seek to solve the questions which are
common to us all concerning the hereafter. Look up
the records of those who have attempted this in the
past; watch the careers of those who are attempting
It at the present time and you will find that my
words are true. Sanity and investigative spiritism
cannot exist together in the same individual for any
great length of time. "V
As a 'minister of the gospel I must and do believe
in spiritualism— of the highest and holiest
- - ■ T kind, the spiritual life
JOHN HEMPHILL, D. D.,
Calvary Presbyterian Church.
a part of real religion— the religion which is a vital
and blessed fact, animating and dominating the pos
sessor's earthly existence and giving him or her the
comforting and uplifting assurance of blessedness to
come. In what is known as "spiritism" I have no in
terest and with it I wish to have no commerce.
I will not deny that there are things in this world,
many of them, which I do not understand; very many
things indeed which even the most advanced scientists
who make a study of the mysterious and the hidden
cannot hope to fathom in this present age of the
world. We are surrounded by mysteries into which
we are not expected to pry. In the fullness of time,
perhaps, these mysteries will be mysteries no longer.
At the present moment I confess that I am dreadfully
afraid of them. The impatient hand that tears open
the bud will not possess the perfect flower— that has
New Sao Pedro Breakwater, Which Will Cost Several Million Dol ars.
The survey as made by the Government engineer officer contemplatea a
seml-clrcular breakwater beginning at a point three-eighths of a mile distant
from the east shore of Point Firmin, extending easterly along a line about
a mile south of the jetties already constructed. There will be erected on
either end of the breakwater a lighthouse, which, in addition to the light
house nor maintained at Point Firmin, will form a sure guide to the mariner
into a refuge that will be perfect, not only in artificial construction, but in
natural protection.
in regard to those phe
nomena which our scien
tists have designated as
spiritism, hypnotism, tel-
nomena which are engaging the attention of some, of
our scientists. I do not mean by this that I have
never given such subjects any thought; far from it.
On the contrary I have devoted time and money to
investigations along this line, and have endeavored
to learn all that is possible of such matters, with the
result, however, which I have stated. I have learned
nothing whatever that has either helped or satisfied
me, but I have learned that In most cases so-called
mediums practice the most cruel and wicked decep
tion for the sake of material gain for themselves.
I do not wish to say one word against sincere and
honest believers in the doctrine of spiritualism. There
are many very intelligent and excellent persons who
subscribe to that faith and are fully convinced of its
truth, and such persons are surely entitled to the
respectful consideration of us all. I can only say that
it has been my misfortune, In spite of all' my earnestly
directed efforts to the contrary, to see only suth mani
festations as lacked the power to convince me of a.ny
thing save the existence of certain forces of which
we at present know very little.
The day of belief In the supernatural Is, I hope and
believe, nearly past. This age is a practical one, and
we are beginning to realize that in time all things
which puzzle us now will probably be clearly ex
plained on natural lines.
The science of psychology Is something which we
shall be able to grasp after awhile. Like all hidden
forces it is little understood now, but It Is undoubtedly
the science of the future. Psychology is neither a
mystery nor a supernormal thing; it is a plain, prac
tical science, founded on principles which are capable
of demonstration and application. Some day In the
future humanity will realize and profit by this. At
present we are, as far as real knowledge goes, mere
infants in the cradle of the great Creator; centuries
hence we shall attain our full stature and become
perfect men.
Meanwhile we must learn to creep before we try
to walk: we must learn our letters before we try to
read, and we mu3t make mistakes in order to learn
by experience. %' m •
I have never Investigated, never had time to in
vestigate the extraordinary phenomena classed as
._ — 1 spiritism and other forma
which comes to be a part
of the true Christian life.
Spiritualism, using the
word in its best sense, is
affect'ne this life and the next became fixed many
rears ago and I do not care to have the foundations
of my flith disturbed. I am convinced that restless
ness In this direction is the worst manifestation of
th! age and the immediate cause of individual, social
and political demoralization. There is nothing more
beautiful than the conception of guardian ange s. who
watch over us, while we are perhaps unconscious of
their presence, and this exquisite truth or fancy,
whichever it may be. is common to the race and con
sistent with every form of theology.
been ruined in the process. The man who -waits pa
tiently and trustfully for a promised blessing receives
and enjoys it at the proper time. Whatever is meant
for us to know will be revealed to us sooner or later.
What I most distrust and dislike about spiritism is
the devious paths into which it seems to lead its
devotees. Those who yield themselves to its influences
rarely if ever find a satisfactory return for their ef
forts to discover the truth concerning the strange
manifestations and phenonema upon which it is
founded. Those who devote themselves to trying to
solve the here unsolvable problems concerning the life
beyond unfit themselves for performing their duties
in this life.
Twenty years ago a lady came to me and told me
that her daughter, then a mere child, was the center
of certain mysterious happenings which alarmed and
puzzled her, and asked my advice concerning the mat
ter. It was evident that the child was what is called
6trongly "mediumistic," and I thought over the mat
ter very seriously before expressing my opinion. Then
I advised that the mother discourage and ignore the
peculiar conditions and phenomena as much as pos
sible, believing that this course would ultimately re
store her to a normal state. Tears afterward that
mother and daughter came to me and thanked me
most warmly for my stand in the matter. Grown to
womanhood the daughter felt that she had escaped a
great peril and was more than grateful to me for the
words which had placed a barrier between her and
the strange influences which had surrounded her early
youth.
Perhaps I should feel differently about this line of
Investigation had I not seen so much of absolute fraud
and deceit connected with it. I was especially in
terested in the proceedings of the Philadelphia board
of inquiry, which, being supplied with funds for the
purpose, made an exhaustive study of spiritistic phe
nomena a few years since.
Paul's warnings were meant not alone for his own
age, but for all time, and we should do well did we lay
them to heart and meditate upon them more than
we do.
• • •
No man can speak intelligently concerning a sub
ject of which he knows absolutely nothing. This is a
self-evident proposition,
and therefore I will say
candidly that I cannot
speak of spiritism or any
of the supernormal phe-
RABBI M. S. LEVY.
of belief considered ag
heterodox by the ortho
dox world. My own mind,
on the essential questions
HENRY E. HIGHTON,
Attorney.
the construction of the breakwater doea
not represent all that ia to be expended
in the completion of one of the finest
harbors for commerce and safest
refuge for vessels that the waters of
the world can boast. The Government
contemplates the improvement of the
inner harbor between the jetties al
ready constructed, by deepening that
channel at an estimated cost of about
$400,000, of which amount $50,000 has
already been appropriated. Add to
that the construction of wharves and
erection of lighthouses and the prob
able extension - f the breakwater be
yond the specified 8500 feet of length,
and the expenditures of Government
money at San Pedro will in the course
of five years considerably exceed three
million dollars. In fact, four millions
would be nearer the figure. The pro
posal for b ds under which the con
tract with trie Chicago firm was made
provides for an increase in the length
of the breakwater, if found practic
able, not to exceed an aggregate cost
of $2,900,000; and while that increase
would not be great in number of feet,
owing to the increased depth at the
east end, it would greatly enlarge the
outer harbor and add to its safety as a
refuge.
The survey, as made by the Govern
ment Engineer Officer, contemplates a
semi-circular breakwater beginning at
a point three-eighths of a mile distant
from the east shore of Point Firmin.
extending easterly along a line about a
mile south of the jetties already con
structed. There will be- erected on
either end of the breakwater a light
house, which, in addition to the light
house now maintained at Point Firmin,
will form a sure guide to the
mariner into a refuge that will be per
fect not only in artificial construction,
but in natural protection. The sub
structure of the breakwater will be
19S feet in breadth at the base in nine
fathoms of water, and it will have a
surface breadth of superstructure of
twenty fret. The sunerstructure will
have a breadth of base at mean low
water of thirty-eight feet and a height
of fourteen above that point.ALASKA`S HISTORICAL TOTEMS DESTROYED
WHEN the news of the de
struction by fire of the noted
totems at Fort Wrangel
reached the thousands of
tourists and returned gold
seekers who had visited this
interesting village almost at the en
trance to Alaska, a regret— a feeling of
sorrow— passed over them, for one of
the most Interesting ethnological fea
tures and historical landmarks of the
great Northwest bad passed away for
ever. Pine totems may still be seen at
Kasa-an and Howkan, but they are off
the regular route of the steamers.
Who that has made this trip will
ever forpet these giant posts before the
Indian hoiis--?? The Indian villages
of Southeastern Alaska are all built in
sheltered coves along the beach just
VIEW OF WRANGEL'S MAIN BUSINESS STREET.
From a photograph taken on Bunker Hill Day, 1898.
The totems shown fn the picture were among the oldest In Alaska. They were destroyed by the flre and so were
wiped out some of the oldest Indian relics of that country. The totems destroyed tn the conflagration surpassed in
elaborateness and number any of the others. The group of these poles that was destroyed by fire consisted of about
100. Pome of them were at least fifty feet high. They were placed quite close together and formed one of the
strangest sights on the face of the earth. They were famous the world over and have been studied by some of the
greatest Hcieritlsts of the century. As Is usual In such matters there is a difference of opinion as to the exact cause
that brought tl)« poles into existence. Even the Indians themselves tell different stories, but out of the whole mass of
feet and legend it seems that the poles occupied the same place as the coat of arms does among European cations.
out of the reach of tide -water. As
the principal occupation is fishing, the
reason is easily understood. While the
steamer was docking all eyes were
turned toward these mysterious, elab
orately carved poles standing like giant
sentinels, apparently, to protect the
homes of their builders, and surely
guarding their own history.
Many have an idea that these totems
are objects of worship, but such is not
the case. They are the genealogical
history of the builder, whose home they
usually adorn. If placed over a grave
they commemorate some deed of valor.
The old Indians are exceedingly re
ticent about enlightening the curious,
and very little knowledge has ever been
obtained from them even by the mis
sionaries or the scientists who have
spent time in investigation among
them.
The word "totem" is derived from an
Ojibway word, meaning a tribe, or fam
ily. An Indian totem Is his crest or
coat-of-arms. Each tribe is composed
of several distinct clans. Each clan
has its emblem, as, for example, the
eagle, the raven, the wolf, the frog, the
bear or the whale.
The Thinklets, the name by which
the natives of Southeastern Alaska are
known, have two great phratries, or
groups.. The Raven (Yehl) Phratry,
with Raven, Crow, Frog, Beaver. Sal
mon and Owl clans, or sub-totems; the
Wolf (Khanukh) Phratry, with Wolf,
Auk, Bear, Eagle and Whale clans.
Members of the same phratry can
not intermarry. When a man marries
he takes his wife's totem. The chil
dren all belong to the mother's clan.
As in every family the father and
mother are of different clans, no single
clan can live apart from the rest, and
H" it can easily be seen that where the
totemlc relationship is strictly enforced
it Incomes a great social institution,
keeping down clannishness, and, In a
great degree, preventing war.
The Thinklets carve or paint their to
tems on their houses, the prows and
sterns of their canoes, chests, halibut
hooks, bows and arrows and their
household utensils. The carvings are
Trade and Labor in OuR New Colonies.
THE question of cheap labor in
Porto Rico, Hawaii and the Phil
ippines and a good many other
things will have to be deter
mined by Congress after careful
Investigation. There is a provision in
the treaty with Hawaii which covers
fhis point temporarily, so far as that
new possession is concerned. The com
mission appointed by the President will
consider the conditions which exist
there and on their report the action of
Congress will be based. Ab to Porto
Rico and the Philippines, if we keep
them— and I hope we shall— we must
investigate them separately before we
decide what to do.
These new possessions do not come
Into the United States as new States
or Territories. Their people do not nec
essarily come into the Union on an
equality with the citizens of the United
States. All the talk that we have heard
about not having the power to govern
colonies is worse than twaddle. The
United States has the plenary power to
govern any new possession in whatever
part of the world and in whatever man
ner Congress may see fit to provide.
We are governing Alaska now, but not
as a State or Territory of the United
States. I am not prepared to say how-
Porto Rico should be governed, or Cuba,
if Cuba should ever ask for annexation;
but they will not have to be admitted
to the Union as States or Territories. I
beli»ve that any colony should be gov
erned by giving to its people the great
est amount of self-government consist
ent with the conditions. But every col
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
done in bone, wood and Ivory. Their
bowls hollowed from wood and quaint
ly carved with the totems and studded
with abalone and the teeth of animalß;
their grease spoons, with bowls grace
fully fashioned from the white horn of
the mountain sheep, while the handle
is the black horn of the mountain goat,
artistically carved with totemic em
blems, are treasured by those tourists
who are fortunate enough to secure
them for a good price, as these Indians
are shrewd salesmen and know the
value of their wares.
The totem poles are only erected by
the chiefs and the wealthy. The greater
the chief, the higher the totem. Many
of them are of yellow cedar, from 60
to 100 feet high and nearly five feet in
diameter. The carvings represent suc
cessive ancestral totems, the owners
being on the top and the next below
that of the family from which he is
descended through his mother; the
one still farther down his mother's
grandfather on the maternal side, and
so on down to the ground.
The value of the totem pole is not
reckoned by the labor employed in the
carving, but the amount of money ex
pended on the "potlatch," or feast, that
accompanies the raising of the totem.
The whole family, the whole village
and villages hundreds of miles distant
are. invited to the ceremonies, the num
ber that are bidden depending on the
wealth of the host. The distinctive
feature of the "potlach" Is the distri
bution of presents, such as blankets,
calico, beads, furs, knives, guns or pqw
der, each guest being remembered.
Many have in this munificent manner
given away their entire fortunes or the
accumulation of years. But what care
they? Their position in society is as
sured and they will always be spoken
i if as wealthy, for does not the totem
pole indicate that? Does not the mem.
ory of a fine "potlatch" live? Further,
will he not be invited in return to other
"potlatches" and, having gained a rep
utation for great liberality, come home
with the finest that is given away?
The "potlatches" conclude with sing
ing and dancing, and often in a drun
ken debauch. As many Americans
had formerly been invited to attend
i these ceremonies and found them ob-
BY SENATOR FORAKER.
ony must be controlled according to
local conditions.
In this we must consider the example
of England rather than that of the
Continental powers. I don't mean that
we should imitate England, but that so
far as we consider the example and ex
perience of other nations we should
prefer that of England to that of other
countries. It has always been the pol
icy of the Continental countries — Spain,
for example — to make their dependen
cies a source of revenue. England, as
I understand it, has always made her
dependencies self-supporting so far as
possible, but there she has stopped.
She has depended on trade advantages
for her profit. Wherever she has found
a people to govern she has found a way
of governing them.
We can do the same. But we must
not try to make our dependencies a
source of direct revenue. We must ad
just their revenue laws so as to make
them self-supporting — If necessary, so
as to support the garrison which we
nhall maintain — but we must be satis
fied with that.
I do not believe in a preferential
tariff In our new possessions. England
has never had a preferential tariff in
her colonies, I believe, until one was es
tablished in Canada in retaliation for
our tariff law. England has been able
to extend her trade without any tariff
advantage. Trade follows the flag; and
If we give the people of Porto Rico and
Hawaii and the Philippines a liberal
government they will trade with us and
we shall profit enormously. They say
we shall have difficulty governing the
Philippines. I think not. The Tagals,
as I understand it, are the most peace
able of people. They are good-na
tured and easy-going. Any people
ought to be satisfied to. be permitted to
Jects of ridicule and amusement, the
whites are now rigidly excluded from
a "potlatch." Each Indian dresses as
gayly as he can and paints his face
in strange, grotesque designs. Many
appear arrayed as their own totem.
The chief wears his storied conical hat,
the sign of his rank. These hats are
Ingeniously woven of Inner bark, or
roots, gayly decorated with totemic em
blems, and the stories signify the num
ber of "potlatches" the chief has given.
One dancer wears a Chilkat blanket in
three colors — black, white and yellow —
exceedingly beautiful in design and
workmanship, picturing the conven
tionalized totems; another carries a
rattle, another a drum, another wears
a hideous mask, and all strive to make
the greatest amount of noise.
The main street of Wrangel leads
along the water, and what a field for
thought. What a mingling of the past
with the present! The totems, the
pride of the Indian; the stars and
stripes floating from poles equally high,
the pride of every free man. Fire has
effaced the history of the totem poles,
but fire or shell cannot obliterate the
meaning of the thirteen stripes and the
forty-five stars.
The most Interesting totems among
those destroyed at Fort Wrangel were
those before Chief Kadashan's house.
The one to the left had at the top the
conventionalized eagle, the great crest
of the family to which his mother be
longed; below that is apparently a
chief; then the beaver, the frog, the
eagle and so on. This was his genea
logical tree. The one to the right had
at the top his own image, wearing his
storied cone-shaped hat.
Many tourists have wondered at such
ancient poles before the modern bay
windowed house. Kadashan lived in
a small hut when his totems were
erected. He accumulated considera
ble wealth afterward and built a new
house and gave another great "pot
latch" at Its dedication.
The crouching bear and whale totems
before a Stickeen chief's house were
very old and moss covered. The bear's
tracks were carved to the top of the
pole.
These historical totems just destroyed
in the big Wrangel fire can never be
do pretty much as they like; and that
Is practically the form of government
which we shall be able to give to our
dependencies.
I do not anticipate any trouble from
the people of Porto Rico or of Cuba. It
has become the fashion recently to
abuse the people of Cuba. I think they
are unjustly treated. They are a peo
ple who have been oppressed for so
many years that it is not surprising
they should be a little wild. But by na
ture they are a peaceable, easily gov
erned people. They are a. better edu
cated people than the Spaniards in
Cuba and a much better educated
people than the Spaniards in Spain.
They are charged with looting. The
same charge was made against Sher
man's men in the famous march to the
sea, when they found it necessary to
forage. Nothing that the Cubans have
done is worse than the c.iarges made
against some of our own soldiers of
robbing the grave of a Confederate
soldier for souvenirs and even of ex
tracting the teeth from the dead- man's
skull for the purpose of getting the gold
from them. But we know that the
wild acts of a few men do not represent
the civilization of the people of the
United States; and while we condemn
the individuals we do not condemn the
people. Many Cubans may have done
wild and indefensible things. They
could not be any worse than what the
Spaniards did just before they left San
tiago, if reports are to be believed. But
they are not the Cuban people. And
under a benefice:. t rule I am sure we
shall find that people peaceable and
well disposed and orderly.
I believe we shall develop a great
trade with Cuba, Porto Rle and the
Philippines, and one that will be very
profitable to us.
What Three Big Firms of National Repu
tation Think About Our New
Colonial Trade.
WE think the Introduction of
American goods into the mar
kets of our recently acquired
territory for the next twelve
months will be very meager. The peo
ple have become impoverished and the
countries laid waste by years of strife,
and until the agricultural and manu
facturing industries are re-established
anb^the burdensome taxation remodeled
on an equitable basis, together with
unquestioned protection to property
throughout the islands, all efforts to
push trade will result in loss. We do
believe, however, that a wise adminis
tration of the affairs of these countries
will bring capital and energy and
stimulate the natives to developments
previously unknown, which, with mod
ern appliances of production, will in
crease the output proportionately.
While these changes must necessarily
be slow, we think our country will gain
largely by the acquisition we have
made — notwithstanding the life and
treasure it has cost— and the new ter
ritory will ultimately afford opportuni
ties for trade and commerce beyond our
present comprehension.
E. C. HAZARD & CO.,
New York.
• • • • •
THERE Is no question in my mind
that the markets of Cuba and
Porto Rico are to be opened for
the products of our farms and
factories. Those markets are dependent
on the United States for a market for
their products — tobacco, coffee, etc. —
and it is natural we should send them
in exchange labor-saving machinery
and provisions.' As to the effect on
produce in general I do not think the
consumption of those countries will be
sufficiently large- relatively to materi
ally advance prices. The United States
has a surplus of productive capacity
and an increase In the volume of pro
duction has a tendency to reduce prices
through the economies which . result
from the cone uct of a large business,
and that is going to have a tendency to
increase our exports not only to these
countries but to others.
CHARLES R. FLINT,
New York.
• a • • •
THE opening: up of the Spanish
West Indies and the Philippines
will be a good thing for our flour
and grain trade. Before the abro
replaced, as the Indians of these days
are not clever enough to do the work.
The newer poles were painted in many
brilliant colors, and the carving was
very smooth and exceedingly modern.
Some of the Indians made money
enough during the Klondike craze last
year to erect themselves totems dur
ing the winter, the favorite time for
"potlatches."
Who Is chief among these interesting
people? That Is hard to tell. In one
village you will find several who claim
the honor. If an Indian becomes
wealthy he rises, and all of his totem
with him. He will give a "potlatch"
to insure himself the title. At the
ranch in Sitka, the one who possesses
the great totem hats — one wooden and
the other the cone-shaped one, both
gayly pictured — is the chief. Not long
ago an Indian stole these hats from
Tlantech, the chief of the Sitkas. The
matter was brought into the United
States District Court, and Judge John
son returned the hats to Tlantech,
who since that time carefully guards
them. No stranger ever sees these rare
and wonderful pieces of work. When
the chief becomes well acquainted with
you he will show his appreciation of
your friendship by allowing you to ad
mire his greatest treasures.
I asked him, through an Interpreter,
to explain the many peculiar markings,
but he shook his head and said that
they could only be revealed to his suc
cessor. I have my serious doubts as
to whether he really knows himself.
The summer tourist must content
himself, now that the totems are no
more, with the houses at Killisnoo,
whose front elevations are completely
covered with totemic inscriptions; the
one pole over an Auk Indian's grave
at Juneau, signifying that he was
Eagle and his mother's family were of
the Raven clan; and such totemic cu
rios as he may purchase either from
the natives or in the stores. Lastly,
with a fine marine glass, he can descry
the dead houses of Bella Bella as he
enters British waters. From tall poles
streamers of rags of all colors float In
the breeze, and other poles bear the to
tem of the clan to which the deceased
belonged. These interesting natives
may truly say with Hiawatha:
g A chemist who analyzed a sample of
"hair restorer," sold at half a crown for
a two-ounce bottle, found it to contain
only common water, with traces of salt
and sage extract.
NAPOLEON 111 SNUBBED.
"One of the best repartees ever made,
because the briefest and the justest,
was made by "the gorgeous Lady
Blcssington' to Napoleon 111. When
Prince Louis Napoleon was living in
impecunious exile in London he had
been a constant guest at Lady Bless
ington's hospitable and brilliant but
bohemian house. And she, when visit
ing Paris after the coup d'etat, natu
rally expected to receive at the Tuille
ries some return for the unbounded
hospitalities of Gore House. Weeks
passed, no invitation arrived, and the
Imperial court took no notice of Lady
Blessington's presence. At length she
encountered the Emperor at a great re
ception. As he passed through the
bowing and curtseying crowd, the Em
peror caught Light of his former hos
tess. 'Ah, Miladi Blesslngton! Restez
vous longt_-.ips a Paris?' 'Et vous,
sire?' History doc.; not record the
usurper's reply."
gatlon of the reciprocal treaties Cuba
and Porto Rico took about 1,000,000 bar
rels of our Hour. This is handsome, of
course, but it means less than 1 per
cent of our wheat crop. As for trade
with the Philippines, there is not much
opportunity for a flour trade except
with the whites. The natives are too
poor. As a matter of fact that is one
trouble with the possibilities of the
flour trade all over Asia and Africa.
The vast mass of the people are clothed
with simplicity and their own hair;
they eat what comes handy and costs
least. Still all these markets will help
swell the grand total of American ex
ports of wheat and flour, and the West
Indian market will be a good thing for
some of our l-.illers.
MITCHELL BROS. CO..
Chicago.
VIENNA'S STRANGE WEDDING.
SOME days ago, says a London
paper, a mysterious wedding took
place In one of the Roman Catholic
churches in Vienna. The bride,
"fat, fair and forty," drove up
alone in a hired carriage to the
church door. There the lady was
received by the bridegroom— a man on the
shady side of sixty, and wearing shabby
genteel and threadbare clothes. Saying
the words, "1 am the bridegroom," he in
troduced himself to the lady, and without
a word more the two went to the altar
and were married.
The lady, with the faintest bow possible,
then left him and returned to her hotel.
Within half an hour the bride was on her
way to her home in the Caucasus, while
the old bridegroom found his way back to
his home, the Vienna workhouse.
Soon it was rumored that this strange
lady was the owner of large estates in the
Caucasus, and had taken this stop in or
der to give her son an honorable and il
lustrious name. This was done by her
marriage with the shabby genteel man
out of the Vienna poorhouse; the latter
is the last scion of a noble family of long
lineage in the Transylvania district of
Hungary, but he has fallen upon evil
times, and, having lost all his property,
is glad to end his days in the workhouse
of the Austrian capital.
It was a matter of indifference to this
practical mother as to what manner of
man gave the protection of his name to
herself and son, and" it is highly probable
that husband and wife will never again
meet; but she made arrangements for his
future by assigning him a yearly income
to be paid by a Vienna banker.
Lo! how all things fade and perish!
From the memory of the old men
Fade away the great traditions.
Great men die and are forgotten.
On the graveposts of our fathers
Are no signs, no figures painted;
Who are in those graves we know not.
Only know they are our fathers.
Of what kith they are and kindred,
From what old ancestral Totem,
Be It Eagle, Bear or Beaver,
They descended, this we know not,
Only know they are our fathers.
MARY DICKSON.
PRINCE BISMARCK'S NAME.
The origin of the name of the great
statesman who has passed from us has
puzzled many of his countrymen. On one
occasion Count Herbert, his eldest son,
gave the following explanation: A
streamlet of the name "Biese" flows into
the Elbe, and it has always been believed
in the family that in the thirteenth cen
tury a "Mark" existed on the Biese, the
commander of which, according to the
custom of the day, was called Herr yon
Bisemark, and that in course of time his
FORT WRANGEL TOTEM POLES.
From photographs by Taber.
The value of the totem pole is not reckoned by the labor employed in
the carving, but the amount of money expended on the "potlatch," or feast,
that accompanies the raising of the totem. The whole family, the whole
village and .villages hundreds of miles distant are invited to the ceremonies,
the number that are bidden depending on the wealth of the host. The dis
tinctive feature of the "potlatch" is the distribution of presents, such as
blankets, calico, beads, furs, knives, guns or powder, each guest being re
membered. Many have in this munificent manner given away their entire
fortunes.
The "potlatehes" conclude with singing and dancing, and often in a drunk
en debauch. Each Indian dresses as gayly as he can and paints his face in
Btrange, grotesque designs. Many appear, arrayed as their own totem. The
chief wears his storied conical hat, the sign of his rank. These hats ara
ingeniously woven of inner bark, or roots, gayly decorated with totemic em*
blems, and the atoriea signify the number of "potlatehes'' the chief baa
erivan.
descendants altered the name to Bis
marck. The Prince was always very par
ticular that his name should be spelled
correctly with a "c." Bismarck— not Bis
mark. A well-known correspondent of a
London paper, without any sinister in
tentions, used invariably to write Bis
mark in the memorable days at the be
ginning of the seventies, but made the
correction at Bismarck's personal wish.—
From the London Telegraph.
1920
Race to Grab a Continent
Practically all of the African continent has been seized and divided by the European powers within the last twenty years, but there are a
few million square mile 3 left, and just now Great Britain and France are in a very determined race to acquire it. The fortunate, victor will ac
quire domination over the richest trade territory of the continent. General Kitchener's recent defeat of the rebels at Omdurman on the Upper Nil«
gave the English a tremendous advantage, but the French have in a measure forestalled this by stealing a march to Fashoda, where they are said
to be in direct communication with King Menelek of Abyssinia, who strongly favors their occupation of the territory. Many statesmen believe that
this rivalry between England and France to seize the unclaimed territory will lead to war between the two countries. Indeed, Joseph Chamber
lain has declared that if England's c laim is disputed it must be fought out on the English Channel.
AT the beginning of the present
century a few small colonies
and trading posts along the ■
coast represented the foothold ;
of Europe in Africa. The close I
eees the energetic and progressive nn- t
tibns of the north in full possession, or {
holding under so-called protectorates |
three-fourths of the whole of the vast I
continent of 11,514,000 square miles and
more than ready to seize the remainder. |
Two nations, the British and French, |
hold each 'some three and a half million j
square miles, nearly three-fifths of the
whole, while Germany and Portugal
have respectively 622,000 and 841,000
square miles, Spain 210,000 on the north
west coast, and Italy 203.000, including
Foumalt, but not her late Abyssinian
holdings.
The Congo Free State, under Euro
pean control, has 802,000 square miles,
while the Boer republics in the south, I
the Transvaal and the Orange State
have respectively 110,193 and 41,484.
i Tripoli, a tributary of Turkey, has 398,
000, and Egypt proper 400,000 square
miles. Two native States, Morocco 1
with. 314,000 and Abyssinia with between I
250,000 and 300,000 square miles of ter
ritory, are at present recognized as j
stable tenures, and the little republic '
of Liberia, with an area of 14,000 square '
Capturing t\)e Soudan: "Rescued."
A wounded deserter from the dervishes, who had been crawling about on
his hands and knees for six weeks, was picked up in a starving condition
by a gunboat. He had had no food but wild nuts and edible roots, and was
too weak even to get water when rescued.
milfs, has seen some eighty years of
existence without any attempt at ab
sorption by her powerful neighbors on
either side of her.
The Libyon desert lying to the south
west of Egypt is too poor and dry to
tempt any effort at settlement, but
with the vast region over a million
square miles in area, fertile and popu
lous, lying in th»* eastern part of the
Soudan and in the Upper Nile Valley
it is another question. Great Britain
and France have both planned for its
possession for some years past and the
matter seems now about to reach a
settlement. Whether by diplomacy or
by force of arms will doubtless soon be
determined.
Great Britain had her first foothold
In Africa, from the Dutch, at Cape Col
ony in 1815, while France began the
conquest of Algiers in 1830. Until the
last few years the former had distanced
all her rivals in territorial acquisitions,
though the latter was a close second
as to the number of square miles.
By the treaty of Berlin in 1884 all the
coast line from Cape Blanco south
around Cape Good Hope and up to Cape
Guardafui was allotted In quite fair
proportions to the participating nations,
England, Franco, Germany, Italy and
Portugal, leaving the questions of
"hinterland" and "spheres of influence"
to be settled between the nations hav
ing contiguous interests.
Italy's Abyssinian colonization career
was, as is well known, short and dis
astrous, though she still holds on to the
Soumali coast, a property of very
doubtful value to her. Portugal had
by discovery and occupation more lit
oral than any of the others, but has
made no extensions inland of much con
sequence. Germany has been so cir
cumstanced in the four quarters where
she obtained sea frontage that any
great widening of influence has been
out of the question. With the English !
for neighbors on the east and south- !
west, she has been badly beaten in the |
grab game. The "Schurtz briefs" of j
the young "war lord" of Berlin, so effec- I
tual when directed against weak and
ignorant black princes who attempted f
to dispute his Epread of territory, |
availed nothing against the greedy land \
grabbers of Britain. By the free use i
of the red paint pot in London and j
questionable claims of ancient treaties
with interior chieftains, and the ag
gressive "push on" of her explorers and
traders, supported always by the ready
presence of her colonial troops, Eng-
Capturing the Soudan: A Corner of Mahrr)ud's Zareba.
A slave found shot, with his "shebba" round his neck and the chain attached to it.
land has managed to hold the "hinter
land" expansion of her Teutonic cousin
within very meager bounds, while she
forcibly gerrymandered the map of
South and East Africa until she
claimed the greater and the choicest
part of "the whole country.
To the north, however, the conditions
and the results were different. Instead
of the inert Portuguese and the slow
non-colonizing Germans, she has had
to meet and settle the "hinterland"
question with the French, of no mean
experience in colonial enterprises.
These, with no great biare of trum
pets, and parade of troops and ships,
but quietly and surely from Algiers
and Senegal on the north and west,
and the Kong country and Dahomey
on the Guinea Coast, have completely
shut within small compass the Brit
ish at Sierra Leone, Ashantee and the
Lagos country, and effectuated their
title by occupation and governmental
administration over nearly the whole
of West Africa, including the fertile
and populous Upper Niger region, be
sides the Central Soudan, north of So
koto.
From the French Congo on the At
lantic as a base the active Gaul has
developed the possibilities of the "hin
terland" expansion up the Congo and
north and east toward Lake Tchad and \
the Upper Nile Valley even more ef- i
fectlvely in his own interest and given
it a new meaning in the ears of the
overconfident Ministers in Downing
street. They have at last waked up to
the fact that France is now in actual
possession of a foothold and a claim on
the Upper Nile— whereas last year she
halted on the verge of that rich and
much coveted basin.
Agreeing with Germany as to the
eastern boundary of the Cameroon
country, up to Lake Tchad, to the'
northern shore of which she had al
ready brought her Algerine "hinter
land," France forestalled the British
extension from Sokoto eastward, and
rapidly but quietly extended her foot
and flag over Wadai, Baghirmi and the
Upper Obangui country, adding some
hundreds of thousands of square miles
to her dominion.
Now comes the final move. Between
1805 and 1884 Mehemet AH, Khedive of
Egypt, and his successors, had con- '
quered and held in some sort of sub- '
jectlon all the Nile basin down to Lake
Albert and Lake Victoria, but with the
rise of the Mahdi in 1882, the massacre '
of Hicks Pasha's army at El Obeid in I
1883 and the siege of Khartoum and the !
death of '"Chinese Gordon" in 1884-5 '
Egypt retired down the Nile as far as j
Assuan, and Sir Garnet Wolseley, who
had advanced with a British army from
Suakin on the Red Sea to within a I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
day's march of Khartoum, withdrew
his forces and left the Mahdi in full
possession as far down the river as
Wady Haifa and east to Abyssinia and
the lied Sea. From that time to within
a few months ago no Europeans have
set foot in the country except as pris
oners.
Two years ago Great Britain deter
mined upon the reconquest of the
country with an Anglo-Eg-yptian army,
with the evident but unavowed purpose
of permanent occupancy on her own
account in consummation of her long
cherished plan 3. Sir Herbert Kitch
ener with his army advanced from
Wady Plalfa to Ed Darner during the
last season, perfecting his lines of
transport by rail and boat as he went.
As soon as practicable this year he
again began to move, and some days
sincerrouted the Mahdi's army and oc
cupied his capital.
While he was thus occupied the
French from both sides of the continent
were making a quiet play, the "de
nouement" of which is now near at
hand. It is to be seen whether it was
a grand "coup d'etat" or will prove
an ignominious failure at blurting.
Last spring a year ago Captain Mar
chand, with a well chosen corps of offi
cers and a numerous and well-equipped
escort of white and native troops and
carriers, set out from Brazzaville, on
the lower Congo, and pushing his way
up that river and its branches as far
as Semio, near Lake Albert, crossed
over the divide to the head waters of
the Bahr el Ghazil. On this stream he
set up a steamboat which he had
brought with him in sections and em
barking thereon passed on down as far
as Fashoda, on the White Nile, where
he arrived some time in November of
last year.
A little later in the same spring M.
Bonchamps, who went with Embassa
dor Lagarde to Abyssinia in '96 under
the favor and assistance of Neg"us
Menelik, set out from Djbouti, the prin
cipal port of the French colony of
Obock, on the Gulf of Adin, and made
his way via Harrar westward to the
Nile, and joining Marchand at Fashoda
raised there the French standard and
proclaimed the sovereignty of France
over the whole region traversed, by
them from sea to sea.
It now transpires that instead of a
small party of explorers, with the usual
number of native carriers and guides,
Bonchamps was accompanied by Ras
Makonnen, Menelik's principal general
and Governor of Harrar, th southeast
province of Abyssinia, which adjoins
Obock, and a large body of Abyssinian
pnldiers, said to now number 10,000.
Furthermore, Menelik has appointed
Count Leontiff, a Frenchman, Governor
of Southwest Abyssinia, which he
claims extends as far west as the
White Nile.
Menelik has bofore measured swords
with the British and come off with
honor. In securing his alliance France
not only peaceably gets short access
from the sea to the Upper Nile Valley
but a ready and strong arm to help her
enterprise as well.
All this was done so quietly that none
but the higher officials of the French
Government were aware of what was
going on. By winning Emperor Mene
lik to their cause on the one side and
a well-timed and well-conducted dash
from the other Merchand and Bon
champs have preoccupied the country
to gain which first and last Great
Britain has spent over £400,000 000 Will
they be allowed to stay and reap the
fruit of their enterprise is now the
question.
THE ONLY CAPTIVE WHO
ESACPED FROM THE DER
VISHES IN TEN YEARS.
TEN years of captivity, such as I
passed through, a captivity
among ferocious eavages, ex
posed continually to insult, ig
nominy, sickness, suffering and
privation of all kind; cut off from
all contact with civilization, from the
comforts of our holy religion, from
hope of escape; yes, that is the kind -t
experience that leaves an indelible
mark on a man's life, changing his
standpoint and affecting his views.
For my escape, and for the faithful
devotion which made that escape pos
sible, I can nc rbe sufficiently thank
ful to Almighty God. But when I
think of the happy, hopeful young
priest who reached Delen in the end of
1881, who spent his leisure hours col
lecting natural history specimens, I can
scarcely realize that he ;s the man who,
worn, prematurely aged, emaciated
with disease and starvation,, in fear of
his life, fled across the desert at the
end of ISSJI. The horrors of those ten
years are ever before me; my own suf
ferings I could perhaps forget in time,
as one forgets the agony of nightmare!
but the memory of the sufferings I
have witnessed under the terrible
Mahdi rule will never tass from me.
I have known men die in noisome
prison of chains snd starvation; have
seen them flogged to death, beheaded
at a moment's notice or dragging about
their writhing bodies from which hand
and foot had been severed; I have
known of women tortured, of unborn
babes speared with the lance, of nurs
lings starving on dead breasts, of
gaunt, naked mothers begging for
alms; nay, I have seen people living on
carrion, fighting for a drink of warm
blood or a decayed bone; worse still,
slaughtering their own children for
food. And, remembering these things,
I have many a time asked myself: How
long, O Lord, how long shall the na
tions of Europe watch unmoved? How
long shall Great Britain stay her hand
from avenging the outrages of the
Khalifa and the destruction of the Sou
dan people? "\
Yet, for the original Mahdi It was
difficult not to entertain, at one time,
genuine respect. If he deceived others
he scr-med at least to be a self-deceiver,
living up to his own standard. Trained
to self-denial and self-control, astute,
self-reliant, handsome in face and fair
in speech, he looked a worthy succes
sor of the Prophet on that memorable
day when we were first shown into his
presence, a woe-begone little company
of Christian prisoners, consisting: of
two priests, three sisters and two lay
brothers, on whom every indignity had
been heaped during our enforced jour
ney from Delen. We all expected a
death sentence. Instead of which we
received courteous treatment from this
handsome man, .with the perpetual
smile and winsome voice, who, wearing
a patched and dirty jibbeh, and seated
on a straw mat, offered us dried apri
cots and water with a princely air.
He Indulged in a vision for our benefit
and enlarged on the advantages of *t}a
HOW AFRICA HAS BEEN DIVIDED AND SUBDIVIDED AMONG THE EUROPEAN NATIONS.
: ■ At the beginning of the present century a few, small colonies and trading posts along the coast represented the foot
hold of Europe in Africa. The close sees the energetic and progressive nations of the north in full possession or holding
; under so-called, protectorates three-fourths of the whole of the vast continent of 11,514,000 square miles and more > than
.: ready to seize, the remainder. ;■-; ; » " : ;; . : '■ , : "  "
_ , Two " atl « ns > th ° 5 Brl <; is £ French, hold each: some three and a half million square miles, nearly three-fifths of the
;.; whole, while j Germany i and Portugal : have < respectively 822,000 ;; and 5 841,000 1 square miles. Spain : ' 210 000 on - the northwest
coast, and Italy 203,000, including Soumali. but not her late Abyssinian holdings . on tna nortnwest
t~} The Congo Free State, under European control, has: 802,000 square miles, while the s Boer republics in • the south-tha
Transvaal and 'the Orange ; State-have respectively : 110,193 ; and < 41,484. Tripoli, a tributary of Turkey has 3* 000 and tS
proper 400 000 square mile« Two native States-Morocco with 314.000 and Abyssinia with between " £m>o0 > "nd MOOOO sa£?e
miles of , territory, 1 , are at ; present ; recognized as stable tenures, : and \ the \ little republic ;of Liberia with an areT of 000
eXer%?dr oo VV h he SS r SeenaomeeS tyyear8 ° f Wltb ° Ut a " empt at by £? %£s *? £S£ n l *Z
the vlstr^roverrmSon squ^e mUesTarea nSlZS^tySZ ££?* **** ***" " S « U *™ nt - ™th
Upper Nile Valley it is another question. Great^Br tali^ and nSSS^iii bsi ffiSS tot SV the ( S °" dan and in thQ
"A soo S n ? be de'twmTned - SeCmS ; nn ° W ' &^° Ut tO reach a ' BetUemen *- "SrhetS '. by^iSJSSwJj olhitovc^oi^a^^ill doub
Frencf) Officers Discussing Plans for Advancing Into the Disputed Territory. Major
Marchand, Who Has Just Seized Fasfooda, Is Seated at tljc Left.
faith. But never a threat was offered.
Later we learned the value of this
external urbanity; when emissaries
constantly appeared to convert us to
Mohammedanism, with death as the
penalty of refusal; when we were ex
posed to the rage of the mob, ordered
out for execution, imprisoned with rob
bers, covered with vermin, starved into
the fever and dysentery which carried
off two sisters and a lay brother; when
other sisters who had joined us as fel
low-captives were wrenched from us
and submitted to torture and indignity,
then we understood what the smile and
soft words of the Mahdi meant.
Many of his followers realized it, too,
when intoxicated by victory Moham
med Ahmed threw off the mask, ex
changed a life of asceticism for one of
debauchery and allowed severity to de
generate into license. But his personal
prestige over his infatuated disciples
still remained. Only hia death, due to
excesses and proving him human, could
shake their faith. On the day when
Khalifa Abdullah, of the powerful frame
and feeble brain, raised his black flag
as the Mahdi's successor Mahdism ex
pired.
Then came perhaps the greatest trial
of my captivity, when my dear com
panion. Father Bonomi, was enabled to
make his escape and I was left alone,
dreaming of him on his way to that
promised land. No favor had been in
tended, but a report had reached Cairo
of my escape to Omdurman and conse
quently Father Bonomi was suppoßed
to be the only captive at El Obeid. Tha
emissary, who was risking his head,
refused to g"o beyond his instructions,
and one of the bitterest moments of mv
life was that on which I bid adieu to
the good father with little hope of ever
following him. My own life trembled
in the balance and would probab'y have
been forfeited save for the convulsici
caused by the Mahdi's death. As It
wes I merely became a prisoner in the
zareba, herded at first with smallpox
patients; after a time I was allowed a
hut, round which I planted watermelons
and watched the chameleons at play
among the leaves.
I welcomed the change to Omdurman
tvhen I was removed there hi March,
ISS6; I could scarcely be worse off than
at El Obeld, where I had sufrered eveiy
privation, even to being held as slave
and camel driver, eating out of the
beasts' nose bags and drinking of their
water/ Yet Omdurman was but a sor
rowful place to go to; the horrors of
the Khartoum massacre were still in
the air; I have known women wno went
blind from weeping over the memories
of that hour; I have myself wandered -
mournfully among the Khartoum ruins,
thinking of that blood-stained day
when fiends were let loose and the hope
of the Christian captive died. And it
was in Omdurman that I saw the most
awful results of unlicensed
•when famin s and cannibalism stalked
the streets, or prisoners were publicly
maimed and hanged by the score.
Many a time, sore beset by famine I
expected to find a grave where Gordon's
head had hung. I and two sisters of
the mission who lived near me scarcely
contrived to keep body and soul to
gether, they by occasional needlework.
I by making small ribbons on a rough
loom. But we were secretly negotiating
an attempt to escape and hope huoyed.
us up, weak and unstrung tho-ugh we
were. Again and again we were de
reived. One sister died, others seemed
bound to follow. But at length & de
liverer, sent by Archbishop Sogaro, ap
peared, and, after incredible precau
tions, on Sunday evening, the 29th of
November, 1891, the hour for which we
had waited ten long years came to us.
Our sufferings and sorrows were then
over. When we first caught sight of
Murat fort, Its red flag with the white
crescent and star gleaming in the sun
set, I cried to guide: "Ahmed,
greet the flag of freedom!" And Ah
med, seizing his gun, made the hills and
valleys resound with the news of our
deliverance. The echoes of that moment
beat within our hearts- long after we
had reached the peace of European civ
ilization, but they have always blended
with a very bitter anxiety as to the
fate of our friends and fellow-captives
left" behind.Roosevelt:
In Work, War
Politics, Love and
At Home
THEODORE ROOSEVELT'S re
turn to his home and family at
Oyster Bay, L. 1., in triumph as
colonel of the Rough Riders was
characteristically picturesque.
The dramatic instinct is one of
the keynotes of Mr. Roosevelt's suc
cess. It is that which makes him al
ways interesting, always surprising, al
ways leading to a climax or tableau.
He knows intuitively the people's love
of pageantry, their admiration for
splendid acts of heroism, their pleasure
in pomps and ceremonies, and Colonel
Roosevelt moves naturally to- the cen
ter of the stage in any new situation,
so that the eyes of the multitude focus
upon him.
A man of Mr. Roosevelt's make-up,
with his fine chest, straight legs, hon
est blue eyes, sparkling teeth; a man
with his magnificent virility, with his
extraordinary recoTd of achievements,
due in no sense to others, may be par
doned if he believes a good deal in him
eelf. The more impressive the spectacle
In which he is to take a leading role
thf mire necessary is the superb and
admirable egotism which is, after all,
the secret of the Bucceßs of all great
leaders of men.
Mr. Roosevelt likes to dress for his
part. A good many have thought and
said that his costume was the chief
preparation Mr. Roosevelt made for his
various roles. That is what they said
when he went to the Dakota "bad
lands" as a cowboy, attired in theatri
cal cowboy's togs. That is also what
they said when he assumed a disguise
and spent his nights in seeing that the
patrolmen and captains of the police
force were fulfilling their duties ac
cording to the Police Commissioners'
understanding of them. That's also
what they said when, true to his dra
matic instincts, Theodore Roosevelt re
signed his office as Assistant Secretary
of the Navy to organize his now fa
mous band of Rough" Riders.
When Mr. Roosevelt, after his return
from Cuba, reached his home at Oyster
Bay he appeared in the worn costume
of the Rough Rider. When his charm
ing wife and six little children mcl the
hero— for that at least he is in their
Roosevelt's Career at a Glance.
Born October 27, 1858, at his father's house, 28 East Twentieth
street. Height, 5 feet 9 inches. Weight, 148 pounds (aoout).
Ancestry — One-quarter Hollandish; three-quarters Scotch, Irish
and French Huguenot.
Pedigree — Father, James J. Roosevelt; Alderman, 1828, '29 and
'30; Supreme Court Justice, 1854-60; Assemblyman, 1835-40; Con
gressman, 1841-43. Grandfather, James Roosevelt (merchant), Alder
man, 1809; Assemblyman, 1796-97. Great-grandfather, Cornelius C.
Boosevelt (merchant), Alderman, 1785-1801. Great-great-grandfather,
Cornelius Roosevelt, Alderman, 1759-64. Great - great - great - grand
father, John Roosevelt (merchant), Alderman, 1748-67. Great - great
great-great-grandfather, Nicholas Roosevelt, Alderman of New York
City, 1700-01.
eyes—of the Santiago campaign, the
husband and father, true to his dra
matic instinct, looked his part. The
simple people of Oyster Bay went wild
with delight when Colonel Roosevelt,
in his stained and weather-worn uni
form, stepped from the cars and smiled
response to their frantic acclamations.
Mr. Roosevelt would have been no
less the gallant colonel of Rough Riders
had he landed at Oyster Bay in the
costume of a gentleman of ease, mem
ber of an aristocratic New York so
ciety, attired in immaculate linen and
the white flannels befitting the season.
But he would have been "out of the
picture," and that would never have
done.
There are seven distinct stages in the
career of this unusual man.
In seven different roles Theodore
Roosevelt has given evidence of the at
tributes, in a greater or less degree,
that make him to-day perhaps the most
talked-of man of 40 In the world. **
Of aristocratic birth, a member of a
family distinguished for valor, pa
triotism and culture for many genera
tions, young Roosevelt first sued for
public favor when he appeared as can
didate for Assemblyman. He was then
just out of college, 1879. Even his op
ponents admit that he was a zealous
servant of his own party — an unwaver
ing. Republican. He was then, as now,
athletic and remarkable for his bound
less energy, his interest in people and
things and his unfailing enthusiasm.
The second stage of Mr. Roosevelt's
public career was that in which he an
nounced himself as candidate for Mayor
of New York. A man of his tempera
ment would be apt to Jump a little too
high after tasting the dellghtß of suc
cess, and success he certainly had
achieved as Assemblyman. It was
very characteristic that he should, with
his belief in himself, consider the olflce
of Mayor one which he was equipped
to fill, but unquestionably If Mr. Roose
velt were consulted to-day he would
agree with his friends that his defeat
in this race was beneficial to him.
The egotism of young Mr. Roosevelt,
as he waa known at this time, irritated
Roscoe Conkllng extremely and brought
Oceanic, a New Atlantic Liner. She W531 Be the Biggest Vessel Ever Built in the World. ,
The mere size of the Oceanic is overwhelming. She is to be 704 feet long, or twenty-four feet longer than the Great Eastern, and her gross tonnage will be about 17,000
tons. To walk from her bow to her stern and back again means a stroll of 500 yards, so that any one who accomplishes this trip three times -will have nearly covered a mile. She
will have, as her picture shows, only three light pole masts, as sail power is useless in a vessel of this class. Every appliance known to modern engineering has been introduced
into this enormous steel ship. Her construction could only be accomplished within such a limited space of time by the aid of the most complete and extensive plant. She is to be
launched early next year, and already every plan required for her completion, every molding needed as a guide to the mechanics, have been prepared. The Oceanic, though owned
by a private company, is being built in accordance with admiralty requirements as a merchant cruiser, troopship, etc, and can carry sufficient coal to run her round the world at
a speed of twelve knots an hour.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
Family — First wife, Miss Alice Lee of Boston; second wife, Miss
Edith Carow of New York. Married in 1886. Children — Alice, 14 years
old; Theodore Jr., 11; Kennit, 9; Ethel, 7; Archibald, 4, and Quentin,
1 year old.
Homes — Ranch in the Bad Lands, N. D. ; summer cottage at Oyster
Bay, L. 1., Washington and New York.
Religion — Member of the Dutch Reformed Church.
1880 — Graduated from Harvard. 1881-83 — Member of the New
York Asembly. 1884 — Chairman New York delegation National Re
publican Convention. 1884-86 — Ranching in the Bad Lands, N. D.
1886— Candidate for Mayor of New York City. (Vote: Hewitt, 90,552;
George, 68,110; Roosevelt, 60,435.) 1889-95— United States Civil Ser
vice Commissioner. 1895-96 — Police Commissioner, New York City.
1897-98 — Assistant Secretary of the Navy. 1898 — Colonel of the Rough
Riders.
forth the witticism which long clung
to the young candidate, whom Mr.
Conkllng described as "that dentiflcial
young man with more teeth than
brains."
Defeated as candidate for Mayor,
Mr. Koo.sevelt next appears as a Na
tional Civil Service Commissioner, and
here again his party found him stu
dious, untiring, capable and efficient.
This appointment was made in ISB9 by
President Harrison, when Roosevelt
was barely 30. Two years later, in IS9I
(the fourth stage of Mr. Roosevelt's
remarkable life), he appears as a hun
ter of big game. VVhen Theodore
Roosevelt concluded to hunt grizzly
bears he naturally decided to do so in
what he considered proper costume,
and it is most interesting to see the
dramatic instinct again dominating.
The pictures of Mr. Roosevelt, taken in
his costume as a hunter, show him
holding his rifle, loaded with many bul
lets; his fine form arrayed in the cos
tume we are accustomed to see in the
melodramas which deal with the ex
ploits of "Bloody Bill; or, the Terror of
the Rocky Mountains." The leather
breeches, with the,ir "picturesque adorn
BIGGEST SHIP EVER BUILT IN THE WORLD.
She Is Now Being Rapidly finis bed in England, and Will form One of the Cracß Atlantic Liners.
THERE seems to be no finality in the matter of ships.
The modern steamship has not reached its limit,
either of size or speed, the evolution of the liner is
still going on, every year bigger and faster ships
are being built. We do not see these gigantic yes-
sels on the Pacific Coast. Even our finest Eastern liners
are mere pigmies by the side of the monster steamers
which run the Atlantic ferry. with the regularity of clock
work. We thought the Arizona a large ship when she
arrived here recently and found difficulty in berthing at
any of the San Francisco docks. Tet the Arizona, fine
vessel though she is, has long since *been obsolete as an
Atlantic liner. In her day she broke the ocean record and
was the most favored of the Guion passenger boats. Both
the Belgic and Gaelic, now in the China trade, performed
the same feat and helped to build up the reputation of the
famous White Star line _
After the lamentable failure of the Great Eastern there
ment of fringe, the hunting shirt of
leather, embroidered supposedly by
Indians, but more likely by native New
Yorkers; the scarlet silk handkerchief,
ivory-handled revolver, the blood
curdling knife thrust through the cart
ridge belt, are all the fittiner parapher
nalia of the cowboys' hero. When
Roosevelt, dreccnrj in his gaudy and
personally selected hunting costume,
reached the far West and made his ap
pearance among the untrammeled citi
zens around Little Missouri River he
was looked upon as a tenderfoot of a
very elementary brand. The toughs
who proposed to show him a thing or
two arranged among themselves, in
their own expressive language, "to take
some of the frills out of the New York
tenderfoot." A well-known character
approached Roosevelt and asked him
what he intended to do, what kind of
game he was after. The New Yorker
said he was after grizzlies, and it was
soon noised about the camp that the
"four-eyed tenderfoot" was looking for
big game.
The hardest man in the vicinity sent
word to Roosevelt that he couldn't
shoot any grizzlies in that territory,
■were many critics who asserted that no man would ever
again attempt to construct a ship of Luch size. For thirty
years their assertion has held good, though year after year
the tonnage of ocean steamers has gradually crept up,
each advance in size and speed only paving the way for
a more daring venture. Those who condemned the Great
Eastern forgot that her failure was not due to her size,
but to the fact that she was ahead of her time. Marine
engineering had not then reached the stage which rendered
the construction of such a vessel practicable. Compound
engines, forced draft, high pressure boilers and a hundred
other inventions in use to-day were unknown. Modern
machinery' is infinitely more powerf .1 and at the same time
much lighter than a generation ago. Consequently the
Great Eastern, filled with primitive and cumbrous ma
chinery, proved utterly unwieldy. She was a total failure,
both financially and otherwise, and ended her days igno
miniously in the ship-breaker's yard.
However, there is no danger of such failure in the White
1 Star line's latest venture. For years
past the intention of the company to
build a boat of fabulous size, to be
called the Gigantic, has been rumored.
Year after year the company has built
larger and better boats, but the myth
ical Gigantic was always in the fu
ture. The Majestic and the Teutonic
were, each in their turn, looked upon
as the highest triumphs of the ship
builder's art and the thousands of pas
sengers who crossed the Atlantic In
these vessels testified to their luxur
ious appointments and splendid sea-go
ing qualities.
Only one step further forward was
necessary to produce the gigantic Oce
anic, now being built by Messrs. Har
land & Wolff at Belfast. This firm,
it may be mentioned incidentally, has
produced most of the famous Atlantic
liners, especially the White Star boats,
every one of which, in her time, has
been a record breaker.
The mere size of the Oceanic is over
whelming. She is to be 704 feet long,
or 24 feet longer than the Great East
ern, and her gross tonnage will be
about 17,000 tons. To walk from her
bow to her stern and back asain meani
a stroll of 500 yards so that any one
who accomplishes this trip three times
will have nearly covered a mile. She
will have, as her picture shows, only
three light pole masts, as sail power
is useless in a vessel of this class.
Every appliance known to modern en
gineering has been introduced into this
enormous steel ship.
The drawing office is a magnificent
room, lighted by electricity at night,
where all the plans for the vessel are
prepared. Then they "o to the mold
ing loft, where every frame required
for the ship is traced on the floor in
full size. Fror.i this a mold, or shape,
of light timber is prepared and the iron
worker copies this exactly. The re
sult is that the element of chance is
I entirely eliminated. The exact size and
shape of every piece of the great ves
sel is known beforehand to the frac
tion of an inch. The builders can, with
absolute certainty, predict the weight
and draught of the craft, and knowing
the horsepower her engines will develop
can state to the fraction of a knot the
1 speed she will attain.
and that if he attempted to the "bad
man" in question would be informed
and proposed to shoot Roosevelt at
sight. \Vhen this message was con
veyed to the blue-eyed tenderfoot he
seemed greatly pleased and looking
eagerly through his glasses he in
quired of his informant "where the 'bad
man' lived."
Immediately upon receiving the de
sired information Roosevelt rode over
to see the man who proposed to shoot
him. When he reached the camp of the
individual in question the "bad man"
had forgotten why he intended to shoot
and was very much disnosed ' to be
amiable with the tenderfoot from the
East. Mr. Roosevelt not only wore a
costume which he considered appro
priate for killin" grizzlies, but he actu
ally killed more bears than the best of
the "bad men." and fns unquestioned
bravery and fearlessness won him, as
it always does with the .t&ret Harte
type of man, unbounded respect and
love. What the men of the West
thought of the tenderfoot was shown
when Theodore Roosevelt called for
Continued on Page Twenty-six.
2122
SKULLS
OF ALL NATIONS
Interesting Comparisons Showing
tl)e CraQial Development of
the H uman Race.
By Jessie A. Fowler.
DURING the last few years man
has devoted much time to the
study of the animal kingdom and
the improving of the various
breeds of horses, dogs and birds.
and not enough intelligent
thought has been devoted to the care
of his own offspring. Phrenologically
speaking, the study of the animal king
dom is but a stepping stone toward the
last and most important feature of cre
ation — Man.
Therefore, In condensing a few
thoughts on the comparative outlines
or configuration of the races, we are
African Negro and Scotch-man.
The negro skull, on the left. Is from the Orange River, South Africa, and
is superior In some points to the ordinary type. It will be noticed that it Is
largely developed between the eyes, which gives a ready sense of form, out
lines and proportions. It shows a large development of Individuality, or
memory of faces and facts. It has mirthfulness and sociability. It is large in
the organ of benevolence or kindness. It Is also highly developed In approba
tiveness, or love of display; alimentlveness, or a good appetite; philoprogeni
tiveness, or love of children; adhesiveness, or capacity to make many friends,
and large language, which enables him to express himself fluently. As a
race the negro has a brain small in size when compared with the Caucasian.
The skull of the Scotchman, on the right, shows large cautiousness, consci
entiousness, firmness and acquisitiveness, which give to the character farsight
edness, economy, integrity, prudence and perseverance.
Inclined to favor Blumenbach's divi
sion of the races into five classes — the
Caucasian, or European; the Mon
lian, or Asiatic; the Malayan, or Poly
nesian; the negro, or African; the In
dian, or American. Noone who has
intellectual vision will" be inclined to
believe that all have the same con
tour of skull. We, therefore, illustrate
our remarks by showing the different
characteristics of the various races and
nationalities.
The Caucasian race has many varie
ties; Is adapted to the temperate zone
and Western world, and so long as it
maintains its present characteristics it
will remain, as it always has been, at
the head of creation.
The Americans embrace the peculiar
ities of all the other nations, and are
active, energetic, enterprising, inven
tive, courageous, witty, imaginative
and progressive. The Scotch are cau
tious, plodding, economical and stu
dious. The Irish are excitable, loqua
cious, oratorical, witty, familiar and
versatile. The Welsh are Industrious,
enthusiastic, economical and talented.
Phrenologically speaking, the Cauca
sians Include all of the foregoing, have
large conscientiousness, firmness, self
esteem, secretiveness, acquisitiveness,
benevolence, veneration, alimfntive
ness and the social and perceptive fac
ulties.
The Spanish type presents distinct
characteristics. The framework is
compact, the stature tall and erect, the
frontal lobe high, but not broad. The
FIRST X RAY PHOTOGRAPH OF A TOE-DANCER'S FOOT.
It belongs to Miss llazie King and proves that the dancer stands absolutely on the tip of the big' toe, bo that that small
point supports her entire weight.
organization gives Intensity, will
power, dogged determination, cruelty,
pride, positiveness, passionateness and
conservatism. The Spaniards have
been in days past more enterprising,
self-reliant and possessed of more in
telligence, industry and energy of char
acter; but during the last century they
have displayed more arrogance, self
satisfaotion and love of ease. We re
gret that we have not a good Spanish
type at present to illustrate these re»
marks. The head is high In the crown,
which gives to the Spaniard unconquer
able pride, even when defeat Is immi
nent.
The Teuton, or German, Is a good
type of the Caucasian race. His brain
is large and more fully developed in
the frontal and lateral regions of the
head than in the occipital globe; con
sequently he has large reflective, reas
oning, ingenious and musical faculties,
which give him his metaphysical, ma
terialistic and constructive abilities.
His veneration Is not so large as his
conscientiousness, benevolonce, self
esteem and constructiveness. The Ger
man manifests not only Independence
of character, but coolness in times of
danger, together with great energy and
firmness.
The Mongolian race includes the Chi
nese, Japanese and all monosyllablic
groups. The latter are the Turanians,
the Burmese, the Anamese, the Sia
mese, the Thibetans and the Nepau
lese, from the southeastern part of
Asia. These are largely Buddhists.
They have crispy hair and full formed
bodies of medium size. There are also
the Finns, the Laplanders, the Turks
and the Esquimaux, of a northern
clime.
Those of the Mongolian race have
high cheek bones, flat faces, broad heads
and eyes set obliquely. As types they
aro not particularly interesting. The
Chinese as a class have not large do
mestic faculties. They do not care for
their young. Their daughters they sell
with no regret. They are sarcastic,
cautious and suspicious.
The Malayan, or Polynesian, race is
confined mostly to the Indian and Pa
cific oceans and is also found in Asia
and the East Indies, in Australasia,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
The* skull of the Australian native, on the left, possesses a progrnathic jaw, high cheek bones, strong, perceptive
Intellect, narrow in the temples and broad behind the ears. As a race the people are firm and courageous, cautious
and superstitious. The skull shows a large development of form, size and weight. The illustration of a Greek skull,
on the right, shows a fine development of the frontal lobe, which is broad and prominent, Indicating large ideality, con
structiveness. Imitation, causality, comparison, form and order. Thus we have the literary and artistic talents well dis
played, together with refinement and perfection of organization.
New Zealand, Borneo, Madagascar, the
Sandwich Islands, Malacca and New
Holland. Our attention of" late has
been attracted to the natives of the
Philippines, Carolines and the La
drones.
The natives of the Philippines are of
various origin. The chief savage
tribes occupying the mountain districts'
are the Negritos, who are doubtless of'
the African race and primitive inhab
itants of the archipelago. Long be
fore the Europeans had reached these
islands the primitive natives had
been driven into the mountains by the
Visayans and Tagalas, the leading na
tions of the group. They have brown
.complexions and are classed with the
.Malay race. Of the total population-
Egyptian Mummy and CaHb Indian.
• * The Egyptian specimen, on the left. Is 2000. years old, and is the old type
of the Egyptian head whic his to be seen even to-day, many of which we ex
amined when in the East. The head. Is embalmed and polished It will be
I noticed, that the head is , very, high In the crown, and possesses the Influence
°.i £? form self-esteem. ap robativeness and cautiousness. There is con
siderable height from the opening of the ear across the top of the head from
ear to ear. The intellect is developed, particularly In the perceptive art™
which w* rea lze were Wr strong in the Egyptian character. The organ of
form enables them to work correctly by the eye, and was largely displayed
in their numerous hieroglyphics. The cheek bones are high the lawislon*
a , Lm "' T A he S kUl n,° n , the , riEll l Whole °^ the Indicates wirTness and
stablHty. The skull on the right is that of the flatheaded Carlb. of South
America. As the illustration shows, they have artificially formed heads
which indicate that the brain has been forced out of Its natural nositlon'
Therefore, they have to use their brain in an artificial war iSTtatSS Tii
will be noticed, is pressed backward, while the occipital portion is pSed
upward. v pressed
in 1870, 3,700/>OO were Malay Indians,
1,000,000 Oriental negroes, or of a Pa
puan family, the remainder being Chi
nese half caste, Europeans and native
whites. It remains to be seen what
the Americans Avill do for the Philip
pine natives.
X-RAYS TURNED ON A
TOE-DANCER'S FOOT
Show That When the Dancer Is Pirouetting the Whole Weight of the Body Is
Supported or) the Big Toe.
STUDYTNG anatomy from an X
ray photograph of a ballet dan
cer's leg. How piquant!
That Is the experience which
will fall to the lot of the students
of a certain medical college in Milwau
kee. - The photograph is of one of the
shapely limbs of Miss Mazie King, an
expert toe dancer, and the professor
under whose supervision it was taken
for the college believes it to be the first
X ray protograph of a toe dancer's leg
ever taken. It has always been a ques
tion just what portion of the toe it was
that supported the entire weight of a
dancer's body.
This photograph shows that the dan
cer stands absolutely on the tip of the
big toe, so that this email point sup
Native Australian and Greek.
The Australian native, as is here il
lustrated, Bhows a strong personality.
The skull is coarse and irregular, and
has a sugar loaf top, or slanting roof,
which leaves the organs of firmness,
veneration, human nature and compari
son more strongly developed than con
scientiousness, hope, imitation, agreea
bleness, ideality and causality.
The Malayans of New Zealand differ
materially from the natives of Austra
lia, and are higher in type and capac
ity, both of a physical and mental kind.
The bodies are strong and powerful,
and their heads correspond in size
and massiveness.
The American Indian skull is not re
markable for its height of intellect in
the superior regions of the forehead,
but the basilar region of the brain Is
prominent. The Indian has large per
ceptive faculties, eventuality and hu
man nature; also large form, self-es
teem, veneration, cautiousness, secre
tiveness, destructiveness, which faeal
ties are seen in the crown of the head
and around the ears and in the center
of the forehead.
Neither has he hope or benevolence
largely developed. He never forgets a
kindness nor an Injury done to him,
and is remarkable for his reverence of
the "Great Spirit." An Indian is al
ways an Indian, though the different
types that we have examined vary a
little, and are inferior to the Caucasian
race in volume of brain and mental
power.
The negro race is never compared
with any other, for it is a distinctive
one and called by some ethnologists
the black race. It comprises several
groups and occupies two-thirds of Af
rica, part of the East Indies. Australia,
Syria and North and South America,
whither they have been carried from
their native Africa as slaves by Euro
peans. The negro in Africa Is divided
into numerous tribes, which have their
chiefs, who bear the name of king.
When not educated, like many in Af
rica, they are indolent and have but
few wants. They lead more of an an
imal life than an intellectual one and
make few attainments in the arts or
sciences, but with favorable surround
ings and opportunities for an education
they will improve and have improved
since the time when they were liber
ated from their slavery.
In the Northern States we find the
negro educating himself for important
positions in law, medicine and the min
istry and dressed in the height of fash
ion and riding bicycles. Their physog
nomy is peculiar— namely, the "large
mouth, thick lins, a broad nose and flat
foot. When they are industrious they
work hard and do their work well* and
make good cooks, good nurses, can take
good care of stock and know something
about mechanism and even enter pro
fessional life.
In Germany and Holland girls are
chosen in preference to young men in
all occupations where they can be ad
vantageously employed.
ports her entire weight. "How did I
pose?" said Miss King yesterday. "I
stood with the foot of the limb that
was to be photographed on a four-inch
board, with the other limb extended
forward, which was the least exacting
pose. Perhaps you do not know that
when a dancer — that is, a properly
taught dancer— stands on h a r toe — for
ehe should always stand on the big
toe only— the foot is turned sideways,
as shown in the X ray photograph.
While that photograph appears to have
been taken from the side, it waa ac
tually taken from the front, but it gives
a side view of my foot because I was
poised upon my toe.
"I understand they selected me for
taking this photograph because in my
'act' with Gilmore & Leonard's 'Ho
gan's Alley* company I devote aix min
utes of the eight minutes during which
I am on to the hardest kind of toe
dancing. They thought that naturally
I must have developed great strength
In my big toes and that the photograph
would show the exact position of the
toe in this class of dancing-.
"The professor was delighted with
what the photograph showed. He
pointed out to me that, besides proving
that the big toe did not bend at all, I
was poised right on the point of it; and
other interesting features of the dif
ferent bones were shown. The bones of
the instep, for instance, look as if they
hud been opened, and when he saw
th_t at the ankle the bones were sep
arated he expressed wonderment that
the ankle did not clip out of place.
"When I put on my little satin ballet
slippers the professor stooped over and
felt my foot. He said he had always
supposed that ballet dancers' shoes
were lined with some stiff substance
in order to give rigidity to the dancer's
foot, and he felt mine in order to p-ove
or disprove his idea. He was surprised
to find that they wore just satin, lined
with canvas, with a narrow strip of
leather for soles. In the photograph
you can see the two tiny tin-like nails
with which the sole is fastened to the
canvas and a slight trace of the rib
bon with which the slippers are fast
ened above the ankle.
"It might interest you to know that
during the season I use up slippers at
the rate of two pairs a week, and am
never without from two to three dozen
reserve pairs in my wardrobe. You
see the satin wears out and you can't
patch them, because it would look
rather awkward, and because of the
risk you run of having the patch wear
Esquimau, Chlnaxnsm and CliSmpaezee.
The Esquimau, on the left, has a strong Mongolian form of head. Th«
features are distinct, cheek bones elevated, perceptive faculties large but
less development of the reasoning faculties than the Caucasian. The China
man, on the right, is a specimen of the brachycephalic head, which is broad
but short. It shows large veneration, cautiousness, secretivenese form appro
bativenees. but is not large In ideality, mirthfulness or benevolence The
power is perceptive, and as a race the Chinese yield to the superior mental
ity of the Caucausian. The skull of the chimpanzee, in the center is a flna
specimen, and shows intelligence for its kind, but the moral brain is entirely
lacking.
off while you are on the staere. While
I am wearing one pair I am breaking
in the next. I have a regular set of
toe exercises which I practice from two
to three hours a day, generally from
8 to 10 in the morning and from 4 to 5
in the afternoon, on a small, smooth
board, which I place on the floor. This
is i^hat we call 'toe tapping." For
each^set of toe taps I count 500. If I i
omit a day I seem to go back two or
three days.
"The seeming ease with which a
dancer performs is always the result
of the hardest kind of work. Few peo
ple realize the length of time spent by
a dancer in practicing up some new act.
I have devoted two years to learning
an act which I introduce this eeason.
SOUND APPARATUS AND T^E WAY IT MAKES RECORDS FOR PHOTOGRAPHINQ.
SOUND
shown BY PHOTOGRAPH
F^emarKable Ir)strun)ent Tf)at
Shows Pictures of All Sorts
of Noises.
By Theodore Waters.
PROFESSOR A. G. WEBSTER of
Clark University las just per
fected a scientific Instrument
■which is likely to add consider
ably to existing knowledge of the
phenomenon of sound. At the recent
meeting of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science Pro
fessor Webster advanced the question,
"How Loud Is a Sound?" When no one
was able to answer he brought into
view an apparatus which served as an
absolute standard of comparison. Here-
Normal Caucasian and Indian.
The skull on the right is a fin© specimen of the Caucasian race, being: a
well developed male skull. There is no special deficiency in any region of
the head. In fact, it is one which any one could be proud to possess. There
Is a full development of intellect, a strong moral tendency of mind, which
gave the regulating capacity to the whole character. There is a strong basilar
region which supplied power, energy, pluck and courage to the desires of the
whole intellect and the social qualities were well regulated by a full develop
ment of the domestic and social faculties. The idiot skull, on the left, indi
cates paucity of brain power, narrow intellectual region, a falling away from
the normal type, which is seen when compared with the well developed Cauca
sian male skull.
after it will be possible to say just how
loud any sound may be, not by guess
work, but by means of waves made by
reflected light.
Curiously enough light is the agency
that has been called in to increase our
knowledge of sound. It is by means
of photography that Professor Webster
measures all sorts of noises, from the
roar of an explosion to sounds so low
that the human ear finds it impossible
to detect them and which therefore
pass under the name of silence. The
. device has proved that there is no such
thing as silence in the ordinary accept
ance of the term. What men call
silence includes all noises below the
limit at which the human ear will
register sound, but silence is really full
of sounds that pass unnoticed except
by Borne delicate perception like that
of Professor Webster's apparatus. In
other words silence is comparative and
not positive. There are probably few
sounds that can escape this new in
vention, for its maker has proved that
with it he can detect and photograph
the noise made by a draught of air
passing through a room.
The mechanism by which Professor
WebsteV'o machine records sound
ready *** Measurement is compara
tively simple. It consists of a set of
movable mirrors and prisms which act
in conjunction with a diaphragm. On»
of the principles involved in this part
of the process is hundreds of years old
and was discovered by Sir Isaac New
ton. To illustrate it suppose that light
is admitted through a pin hole shutter
into a very dark room. Introduce into
the panel of light any opaque body, us
a knife blade, for example, and ob
serve the shadow which it casts on a
white screen; we shall see that the
edges of the shadow are fringed with
colored light. The light in passing by
the edge or back of a razor or a block
of marble or a bubble of air in glass
is in each case affected the same way.
This is because light always Is in
flected or, more properly speaking, re
fracted when it passes by the edges of
bodies. But it is rarely observed in
ordinary circumstances, because when
light comes from various directions the
colors composing it overlap and are
reduced to whiteness. Any transpar
ent substance of excessive thinness re
flects brilliant colors. Examples are
seen in thin laminae of air occupying
cracks in glass and ice and the inter
stices between plates of mica, also in
thin films of oil on water and alcohol
on glass, but most remarkably in soapy
water blown into very thin bubbles.
The same effect is produced if a lens
of slight convexity is laid on a plane
lens, and the two, after being placed
together by a screw, are viewed by re
flected light. Rings of color may be
seen ranged around the point of con
tact. The smallest rings are broadest
and most brilliant, and each one con
tains the colors of the spectrum in, their
order. These are commonly called
Newton's rings, because Sir Isaac
Newton first investigated their pheno
mena. This principle of inflection then
and a modification of the instrument
used in producing Newton's rings are
used in the new apparatus for measur
ing sound. Within a small square box
Professor Webster has placed several
mirrors and prisms in such a manner
that Newton's rings will be projected
against a moving sensitive photogra
phic plate.
On one side of the box is a globe
shaped resonator, inside of which Is a
sensitive diaphragm made of a very
thin glass plate. The slightest sound
wil cause this diaphragm to vibrate.
On the inner side of the diaphragm is
attached a very small circular mirror
weighing a fraction of a gram. When
a sound, however slieht, enters the
resonator or receiver of the instrument
the diaphragm and consequently the
small mirror vibrate backward and for
ward and a small beam of light is sent
careening about among the other mir
rors and the prisms and is made finally
to resolve itself into a series of colored
fringes. These fringes are projected
through a series of slits in a screen un
til by the time the light reaches the
photographic plate it takes the form of
a waving line. This waving line is pro
jected on a screen by means of a lan
tern and may be viewed if necessary by
a number of persons at once.-.
TWENTY YEARS LATER -STRANGE COINCIDENCE IN THE LOVE AFFAIRS
OF THE PRINCE
OF WALES AND
HIS SON, DUKE
OF YORK
PRINCE George, Duke of York, son of the Prince of Wales, and
probable successor to Queen Victoria's throne, has been conducting
a flirtation on the warship Crescent. The Duke was smitten a year
ago with the charms of the Princess Henry of Pless, a beautiful
English girl, married to a German Prince. The Duchess of York
was furious with jealousy. The Duke went to sea in command of the
British cruiser Crescent as a compromise. The Duchess went from port to
port, and visited her husband when his ship called. The Princess of Pless,
who had been taken to Germany by her husband, returned to England
and visited Cowes. The Duke immediately took his warship there.
GOSSIP in England just at pres
ent Is making much ado over
the so-called flirtation of the
Duke of York with the young
Princess Pless. The most strik-
ing feature about the whole
matter, from the older gossips' point
of view, is the fact that twenty years
ago the Prince of Wales, the Duke of
York's father, waa very much smitten
with Mrs. CornwalliS West, mother of
the Princess Pless. Mrs. Cornwallis
West is now the wife or a very wealthy
German nobleman.
"Like father, like son," they say, and
wag thefr gray heads sagely. ''Like
mother, like daughter," echoes the an
swer.
Is it Inherited beauty and inherited
susceptibility that draws these two to
each other? Does the daughter of Mrs. I
Cornwallls West derive from her j
mother an indefinable power of fasclna- :
tion which, exerted once over Albert
Edward, finds equal sway over his son?
It's an interesting question for the j
psychologist.
The Duke of York is a rather feeble, |
colorless young man. He has not the !
qualities which have made his father
admired by the sport-loving public. If
he has any strong inclination it is to- |
ward the eternal feminine. It is be- i
'lieved that he married a naval officer's I
daughter before his older brother died,
and was compelled by his family to dis
card her.
When the Duke of Clarence died the
Duke of York became heir to the '
throne. He had been educated for the j
sea, but in his new position he had to i
stay ashore most of the time.
The Duke of Clarenrp was engaged to j
his cousin, the Princess May of Teck. j
When he died she became engaged to j
his brother, the Duke of York— an ar- |
rangement both convenient and consol- ■
atory.
The Duchess is not beautiful. Her j
looks do not improve with age. She j
is said to have a temper of alarming ■
quality.
Her trouble with her husband began
In this way. Last year the Duke and
Duchess of York paid a visit to Ire
land, the British Government wishing j
to show that the royal family loved j
"our warm-hearted and loyal fellow
subjects in the sister isle," as the Tory
newspapers put it. At a great recep
tlon given by Earl Cadogan, the Lord ;
Lieutenant of Ireland, the Duke of j
York met the Princess Henry of Pless
and was smitten. The Princess spared |
no pains to hold her royal admirer. She
flirted with him outrageously. She dis- j
played her prize too publicly.
The Princess was to have been pres- j
ent at house parties given by the Duke ■
of Abercorn and the Marquis of Lon- i
donderry, but the Duchess of York pro- :
tested so violently to her husband that i
CREATED A MERRY BOOM IN FLOUR WHEN TRADE WAS DULL
No particular demand for flour.
THERE (s a man at Edgar
Springs, Phelps County, Mo., en
gaged in the general merchan
dise business who will doubt
less make a fortune In a short
•Ime. The stories that come from there
concerning his methods to make busi
ness boom in dull times are numerous,
md one of them, at least, is. worth re
peating.
Recently he found himself with a
large quantity of flour on hand and
ihere was no particular demand for it.
I the Princess was omitted.
Later, in London, the Duke and the
Princess met again, and the flirtation j
I was renewed. The Duchess was fu- 1
i rious. She threatened to leave her !
; husband. The British public caught a j
\ glimpse of the trouble in the form of
j two contradictory official announce- i
| ments. The first stated that the Duke j
would visit the British colonies in com- j
mand of a naval squadron. It was |
; issued by the Duchess in the hope of j
! forcing the Prince's hand and getting !
j him out of harm's way. The second |
came from the Duke, and denied that
he was about to leave England.
At this point the Prince of Wales j
hastily returned from the Continent j
and effected a temporary truce. It !
was brief. The Duchess, who is not i
! patient like her mother-in-law, the i
; Princess of Wales, found cause for !
i complaint. It was rumored that a sep- i
i aration was imminent.
The Prince of Pless, who seems to !
• have figured hitherto as an impartial i
| onlooker, then became a factor in the
situation. When the talk about the
Duke of York and the Princess of Pless
j became unpleasantly general her hus
CHEAP GAS IS COMING FAST NOW
WorKs Now Being Erected at North Beach to Supply Gas at fllnjost One-Half the Present Rate.
WHEN Professor Thaddeus S.
C. Lowe, who has since be
come famous as the builder
of the Pasadena Mountain
Railway, introduced the mo-
noxide called water gas as a
superior and cheaper fuel than coal
gas, there shortly followed a great
change in the gas world upon the sub
ject of the manufacture of this pro
duct.
Professor Lowe's theory was at va
riance with and was a great improve
ment over that of the coal gas;
through its application there resulted
an entirely new product called water
gas.
One physical characteristic of water
gas, however, is that, under the influ
ence of pressure, friction or low tem
perature, it will deposit much of irs
hydrogen in the form of water, and this
has to be pumped out of the "drips'"
along the lines by which it is trans
mitted to the consumers. This loss
aggregates about 40 per cent of the to
tal bulk of the manufactured product.
It costs the California companies about
78 cents to manufacture gas.
But a gas which is a "fixed gas," in
that it is homogeneous, elastic, does
not condense under pressure or friction,
and has successfully stood the test of
In a few days he placed part of the
flour in a large bin and then circulated
the report that he had lost a diamond
ring valued at $175 in the flour while
emptying it in the bin. Of course the
agile reporter of the local newspaper
heard about the loss and wrote it up.
The merchant was greatly distressed
over his loss, and for several days con
tinued to hunt for the ring in the flour
and refused to sell any of it.
Then he concluded that the ring was
hopelessly lost and said he would give
up the hunt and sell the flour, much as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
band carried her away from the gaye
ties of the London season and took her
to Germany. He thought that the
quiet and seclusion of his vast country
estates would be beneficial to her
health and reputation.
The Duke of York then became very
unhappy. He missed his bright and
beautiful friend. His homely, jealous
and truculent wife appalled him.
Therefore he concluded that the naval
cruise would be a good thing.
It was given out that his Royal High
ness would complete his naval educa
tion. "How inspiring it is," said the
I English papers, "to see our sailor Prince
I thus devoted to his arduous duties re
! gardless of the delights and comforts
I of home."
The Duke was appointed to a cap
tain's rank in the royal navy and en
tered on his duties on the first-class
cruiser Crescent. He started out in
June and was at sea for ten weeks.
The Duke's cruise may be defined as
a series of strategic coastwise maneu
vers, with the object of evading the
Duchess of York and finding the Prin
cess of Pless. The Duchess represented
the enemy and the Princess an ally.
The incidents of the cruise were varied.
Sometimes the Duchess scored a suc
cess; sometimes the Princess.
The Duchess with her two children
went from port to port along the Brit
ish Channel to meet the Crescent and
<ts commander. This was partly to
calm public opinion. They were pho
tographed in domestic groups at the
various ports.
Then the Princess of Pless escaped
from her husband's castle in Germany
temperature as low as 45 degrees below
zero and, moreover, a gas which costs
in its manufacture less than 10 cents
per 1000 cubic feet and in places where
fuel is cheap, as low as 5 cents per 1000
cubic feet, which burns with intense
heat, its heat units being equal to that
of natural gas and greater than those
of water gas, such a gas has at last
been invented and a factory for' its
manufacture is at the present time un
dergoing construction in San Francisco.
A small and somewhat experimental
plant has for the past ten months been
in existence in Kalamazoo, Michigan,
and has, during that period, been sup
plying that town.
Such a gas, it may be expected, is des
tined to revolutionize the whole of the
industry. Its appearance in the indus
trial world is, without doubt, the great
est event since the application of steam
to power uses. For years the gas
world looked for the coming of a gas
which would do away with the use of
coal as fuel; thousands of attempts
were made to solve the problem, but
none succeeding, the belief came to
crystallize that such a gas was not pos
sible of production and that a cheap
gas must, necessarily, be a poor gas.
The inventor of this process for mak
ing gas is Thurston Gorden Hall, a
gentleman whose struggle to get his
idea upon its feethas been a life-long
one. Seven years ago he met Dr. J.
Placed a part of the flour in a large bin.
he regretted to do so. The newspaper
man made due announcement of this
fact and then the flour trade took a
sudden boom. A large number of per
sons who had previously said they were
not in need of flour suddenly discovered
a great shortage and Insisted on buying
large quantities.
The sad-eyed merchant told of his
grief at losing his valuable diamond
ring, as he ordered more flour and pro
ceeded to stock up the families in the
neighborhood with enough to last them
until next year. He assured his cus
and went to Cowes to participate in the
gayeties of the yachting season.
Immediately the Duke, having given |
the Duchess the slip, turned about and i
brought the Crescent into Cowes under
full steam. It was a brilliant piece of
seamanship.
The Duke was more de-oted to the
Princess of Plpks than ever. Their con
versations, promenades and flirtations
were the talk of everybody during the
yachting week.
Much of the fiir.ations took place on
the deck of her Majesty's warship
Crescent. The turrets, guns and bar
! bettes of that gallant ship could tell
some amusing stories if they could talk.
The Duchess stayed at home, speech
less with rage and jealousy. "When the
Princess left Cowes again for Germany
■ the Duke went to London. At th^ same
j time he gave up the Crescent. He was
! tired of it. It had lost its chief at-
I traction. His trip cost the taxpayers
| $40,000, and it is doubtful if his naval
education wa- greatly advanced.
When he returned to London the
Duchess took him and the children
away to Copenhagen to visit their
Danish relations. Undoubtedly the
Duke had an unhappy time when he
returned to the domestic hearth.
But once within the charmed vicinity
of .the Princets of Pless — the Princess
of Flirts— he has no more power of re
sistance than th > moth against the
flame.
The Princess Henry of Pless is one
of the most fascinating women of the
European aristocracy. By her mother
she is Irish, by her father English, by
her husband German.
W. Chisholm, a capitalist of Chicago
who had been operating in electrical
works, and after much effort finally
succeeded In enlisting him to take hold
of his project. The invention at that
time was in the. shape of a broad idea
In the mind of Mr. Hall, but the two
went to work upon it. Dr. Chlsholm
spent hundreds of thousands of dollars
before the process was fully evolved.
The product was such that the tests
could not be made in a laboratory, but
a regular working plant had to be built
in which to conduct them. The small
est apparatus which Pr. Chisholm ever
used had a capacity of 1,000,000 feet per
day; and one of these he built and
tore down in all nineteen times.
The plant now being erected is on the
site of the old Selby smelter on Beach
street, between Hyde and Leavenworth
streets. The completed plant will cost
$2,000,000 and will have a capacity of
20,000.000 cubic feet per day. Gas will
first be furnished .to the district of the
city comprising Stockton, Post, Sutter
and Montgomery streets, and the local
ity generally bounded on the north and
east by the bay of San Francisco, on
the west by Van Ness avenue and on
the south by Market street. Gas will
be furnished consumers at $1 per 1000
cubic feet. The stock has been pooled
for five years with an agreement not
to increase the price of gas beyond that
rate.
The agile reporter of a local newspaper wrote up the ring incident.
tomers that he knew none of them
was buying flour merely because he had
the misfortune to lose his diamond ring
in the flour bin, but for the reason that
all were out and anticipated another
war, with the consequence that flour
would greatly advance in price.
It is said that when he sold all the
flour he could purchase in the vicinity
he ordered more from abroad, and is
still doing a land office business. Total
strangers who never had been in his
store before now visit him and go away
with numerous Backs of flour. They
Her mother, Mrs. Cornwallis West,
twenty years ago, was the greatest
beauty in British society. She engaged
the attention of the Prince of Wales
at the same time as Mrs. Langtry, but,
all tell him that they had heard he
sold the best flour in the country, and
he modestly admits that such is a fact.
All his customers who had been in the
habit of dealing with him express great
sorrow over his loss of tho ring and
occasionally he stops figuring up his
profits long enough to wipe away a
tear as he ack lowledges their good
ness of heart in tendering him con
dolence.
Meantime envious merchants in that
part of the State have commenced in
timating that they do not believe he
unlike that famous woman, she never
suffered the same public reprobation.
She was a dr. of Lady Olivia
Fitzpatrick, who in turn was the
daughter of the Marquis of Headfort,
There followed a rush of people who insisted on buying large quantities ot no
lost his diamond ring in the flour bin,
but concealed it for sinister motives,
and that even if he did happen to lose
it in the flour he fished it out right
away, and thr those who are buying
so much flour in the hope of finding a
diamond ring in one of the sacks and
are sitting up nl;oits to sift the flour
in useless search are victims of a
bunko game.
But the enterprising merchant ignores
such thrusts. He says that he always
knew the people of Phelps County
would buy their flour where they could
a great Irish nobleman.
Mrs. Cornwallis West married Colonel
Cornwallis West, an English landlord,
with vast landed estates chiefly in
North Wales.
It is said in England that the Prince
of Wales, wh- is very fond of the
Duchess of York, has determined that
the Duke shall cease his attentions
to the Princess of Pless. It will be in
teresting to know how the Prince of
Wales proposes to accomplish this
task. Will he, perhaps, read him a
lesson from the history of his own life?
Will there be a heart-to-heart talk be
tween father and son, and, if so,
wouldn't it make interesting reading?
The Armenians claim to be the most
ancient nation on the earth, and are
doubtless, like other Aryan races, of the
line of Japheth. They have often been
compared with the Jews, and they ex
hibit Semitic characteristics.
Over 100.000 horses are killed every
year for food in Paris, and there are
scores of restaurants where horse flesh
is regularly served as an article of foou.
The use of this meat has recently ex
tended to many other cities of Europe.
The marks on playing cards are said
to have their origin in a symbolical rep
resentation of four different classes of
society. Hearts represented the clergy;
spades, the nobility, derived from the
Italian word "spads," meaning sword;
clubs, the serfs; and diamonds the citi
zens.
The flags to be hoisted at one time In
signaling at sea never exceed four. It
is an interesting arithmetical fact that
with eighteen various colored flags and
never more than four at a time no
fewer than 78,642 signals can be given.
One-fourth of the people on the earth
die before the age of 6, one-half before
the age of 16, and one person in each
hundred born lives to the age of 65.
get the best and cheapest brands, and
since they discovered that he kept no
other kind of flour they have been in
a hurry to make large purchases before
the stock became exhausted. — St. Louia
Republic.
The hump on the back of the dromedary
is an accumulation of" a peculiar species
of fat, which is a store of nourishment
beneficently provided against the day of
want, to which the animal is often ex
posed. The dromedary or camel can exist
for a long period upon this hump without
any other food.
2324
Arizona
Desperadoes
EL MONTH* C.'al.. Sept. 15, JB9R.— The death of Ezra
A. Davidson at hip ranch home in this locality the
other day has revived the memories of all the peo
ple who lived in Arizona and New Mexico and
Southern California eighteen years ago, concern
ing the famous pang of desperadoes of which
George Wilbur. Dan Elkins and Bill Howard were leaders
for several years, at the time of the Tombstone mining
excitement in Southeastern Arizona. Mr. Davidson was
the officer who laid oiu the plan of capture of Elkins and
Wilbur, and he was paid by subscriptions $2000 for his
i: 1 rMding the Territory of two of three of the most
• sb, daredevil and murderous men known in Arizona
eighteen or nineteen years ago.
In 1978 and I s 7!'. when the Tombstone, mines were fur
nishing thousands of dollars in bullion every day and tho
whole of ili' Southwest was wild with excitement, every
rado, eomboy, miner and frontiersman In the Terrlto
. ho could K>'t to Tombstone went there. All the bad
men from Texas, Western KanFn? and Indian Territory
poured ir.tr, Tombstone as soon as the news went abroad
the Hilly and the Morning mines were the richest
Htrikf? eince the Comstock mmmg 1 days In Nevada. _
. the men who went to Tombstone In the summer
of 1878 were Dnn Elkins, Bill Howard and George "Wilbur.
'i h- y came from the vicinity of Boston originally and had
In the mining camps of Colorado and Idaho for twelve
or lift n\ i ana They wore wonderfully expert shots, and
they Boon had a following. Whatever reputaion they had
on the piuins and in the mining camps. It did not fouow
them to Tombstone, and for a few months the three spent
t life compared with that of most of the men about
them.
Bill Howard became the night City Marshal In Tomb
iloag In the fall of IS7S. He was a. peculiar specimen
< manhood. Of medium stature, with an enor-
Oiglous breadth of shoulders, immense mus
'■' pmem ;»nd extraordinarily bowed legs, he was
a curious compromise between a Hercules and a monstros
ity. For six or seven months he conducted himself with
tolerable propriety, although most men preferred he
should kt-tp at a distance, for he had the failing on all
lentlal occasions of boasting of his proficiency with
his gun, ami of illustrating it by drawing and cocking his
on revolver, thrusting jt In the face and about
.<! of his listener. But, however harmless he had
he .-c.-.n entered a school that quickly developed his
Innate depiavity ana ferocity, 11<? was beginning to im
hlmcelf chief, an assumption that has never yet
■challenged in a frontier town.
The lirst to question his claim to the title was Hank
gambler from San Francisco. Declaration of
;!^s had been duly made, ajid the trial at arms came
on* in tlu> old B oibn saloon in the spring of 1879.
"Word had been passed about Tombstone for days that
Howard and Gleason were bound to have it out at almoßt
any time, and when the battle did come there would be
sure death. No one thought of interfering in those days
een two men who did not like each other. About 11
••: one night Howaxd entered a saloon and seated
himself to watch a game of billiards. Presently Gleason
in a little under the influence of liquor, and upon
Howard, told him to draw and defend himself, at
the same time drawing his own pistol. Howard sprang
to the side of the billiard table opposite where Gleason
was standing, and, as the latter quickly leveled his pistol
crouched under the table, shouting at the same time'
Come on. I'm ready for you." '
Gleason fired, the ball striking the bed of the table and
glancing upward. Befrfre Gleason could fire again How
arc! rose from bis crouching position and sept a bullet
through his assailant's breast, killing him instantly The
homicide was so palpably in self-defense that Howard was
not noil fcr it. but the encounter was as fatal to him in
the end as to his victim. He was now indisputably chief
and to maintain the title must meet all comers which
m«ant death sooner or later. He always went about
armed with several revolvers and a bowie knife inside his
'Te!i them Tombstone fellers that Dan El
kins has got a new trick in this hold up
business."
tected, so com
pletely were the authorities terrorized by him. They
simply dropped him from the police force, to which he
had he-long since the town started.
From tluit time Howard became utterly reckless and
despera- \ Grim, swaggering and bloody-eyed as he was,
oided him as they would a rattlesnake. He
quarrels one day with a man who sold coffee, and shot
him through the shoulder without a second's thought. Two
large revolvers and a big knife were always strapped to
his body. He would enter a gambling house, seat himself
at a table, and appropriate chips from the stacks of the
players, anO npply himself unmolested to the game. Such
a state of affairs linally became unendurable to the sport
ing fraternity, and it was resolved to put him out of the
way. .
One night while he was sitting at a vingt-et-un table In
the back part of the Apache saloon on Ming street, three
men, with records as black as his own, but not possessed
of his strength and fearlessness, shook the dice at the bar
tn front to decide which of them should kill him. The lot
fell to Dan West.
The arrangements were quickly made. West withdrew
and provided himself with a double-barreled shotgun.
When he was prepared and had stationed himself outside
the rear door of the saloon, one of his confederates fired a
pistol In frrnt. But Howard had friends and he was in
formed of the plan to assassinate him. He was therefore
on hit! guard During the general rush of. men in the Ba
luon to the front door to ascertain what was the occasion
of the shot. West opened the back door a little, thrust his
shotgun through, and fireoHut the place where he had seen
Howard bitting a moment before. Howard had, however,
shifted hit s« at and so escaped a heavy charge of buck-
Bhot. In a moment he leaped from his concealment be
hind the bar, and. revolver in hand, ran out of the rear
door in the darkness. West, who no doubt thought he
had killed Howard, was caught on the run a block away.
Howard rail plump up against him, wrenched the smoking
PbOtgun from hip hands, and throwing him to the ground,
held him there with one foot while he emptied two revolv
ers into hit head and cheat.
That night Howard fled to the mountains, and was
soon In Borcra, Mexico. He was never seen again In
Tombstone. In ISBI he returned to Arizona, and, having
been caught In an attempted robbery at Maricopa, was
Bent to Yuma prison for life." He was a broken down man,
c mere shudow of his former self when he went there. He
iras fr m the first one <.f the most tractable prisoners at
Tuma. He never referred to his Tombstone experiences,
lie was nn assistant to the physician, and his early com
mon school education In Boston came into good use "among
the rough, ignorant criminals in the Institution. He used
to sit ut the bedsdde of sick prisoners and read to them by
the hour. He was a methodical and painstaking nurse.
and many a man in Yuma prison owed his recovery of
health in pan to the care that the ex-robber and all
round bad nan gave him. Two years ago Bill Howard
might poartbly have had a pardon, but he said that he
was broken down in mind end body, and did nq.t know how
t<> provide a pood living for himself, so he preferred to
remain at Tuma prison, where he had extra liberties, with
I bonrd and plenty of true friends.
Dan Elkina iit^l George Wilbur, who went to Tomb
stone with Howard, had become the boldest highway rob
1 era over known in Arizona. Gambling and mining were
too slow for them as ways of making money. When How
nrd became the tough man of the mining town and risked
lis life iif.il>' merely because he wanted to be feared by
<pulation. Elkins and Wilbur told htm he was a fool
ise a man who risks his life ought to get something
worth havn;y.. They hinted that the contents of only one
of the ftronß boxes of gold bullion that went away every
week or Un days from the gold minew in Tombstone to
California and El Paso would make a man Independently
rich. Howard, however, had personal grudges to settle
and his reputation as a tough to sustain In Tombstone,
and the trio of young men from New England broke up.
Elkins and Wilbur went from the mining town to Tuc
son In 'he spring of 1579 and engaged themselves as work
■ >:n the livery st.-.bles, where the teams that drew
the coache* from the mines across the alkali deserts to
I.o* Angeles, in Southern California, rested. As time went
or. thr-y pave out that they had by chance come upon rich
looking ore In the Santa Rita Mountain canyons, some
fifty miles southwest from Tucson, and across the sandy
waste. Cnce every week or two the two men rode away
from the lazy old Mexican town, apparently for a visit of
a few days to their newly found mining claims.
In the fall of 1579 highway robberies began to occur
along the lines of the. stages from Tombstone to Yuma and
El Paso. They were always done by two men who wore
white masks. They stopped the stage to California three
times near Florence and then the next week the El Paso
stage was robbed 2^f miles away in another direction. The
driver -vas killed in two Instances, and another time a
miner from Tombstone, who was slow in yetting out of
the coach with his bags of told dust, was shot dead. One
attack was made in the night, and the others at different
times in daylight.
Once one of the robbers took passage on the stage at a
little Mexican pueblo near Maricopa. lie was, of course,
well disguised and said he was on Ms way to Los A'nsreles.
At a certain spot on the way he drew two pistols and
stuck them in the faeos of the passengers, who were loll
ing back on the cushioned seats Inside the coach. Then
In a few words in an undertone, so that the driver outside
could not hear, he commanded each of the five passengers
to keep silent and to pur watch, money and gold into his
capacious overcoat pockets. One young man he ordered to
search each of the otb • re, '-•> throw all firearms
out of the coach window, and to turn all valuables into
his big pockets. The plan was so neatly carried out that
the la.-<t pi.s-.^fnger insi.le the coach had been searched
when the bardlt's masked companion stepped out from
behind a dense growth of manzanita and chaparral along
the desert road, and, Winchester In hand, commanded the
stage driver to stou.
At that moment the robber jumped from inside the
coach and helped in the coercion of the driver by sending
a few 44-calibre bullets whizzing dangerously near his
head. The money box under the driver's soat was thrown
off in a second, the driver was ordered to whip up as fast
as possible, and the stage went creaking away over the
desolate desert on itn way toward Yuma, some 200 miles
away. When the chest bad been smashed and the valua
blecontentfl appropriated, the robbers mounted their horses
and in a few hours had disappeared among the giant cacti
and sage brush across the trackless desert into the moun
tains, whore no white man had ever gone at that time.
The United States Marshal and a posse of men went
here, there and everywhere in the Territory searching for
the bandits. The owners of the Billy Mining Company at
Tombstone, offered a reward of $300') for the capture of the
robbers, and there were several other rewards of Binaller
sums. But then> seemed to be no clue to the men.
One day a stable man who was riding on the coach to
ward El Paso, over the route where a hold-up had oc
curred a day or two previous, got out when he reached the
scene of the robbery, and on his hands and knees crawled
among the sage brush and cacti, all the time examining
the marks that remained of the horses' hoofs in the shift
ing sand. He went back to Tucson in a few days and kept
on thinking. A week later United States Marshal Lawson
and four (Vputies went to Tucson and had a consultation
with the stable man. He Bald he believed the marks were
those made by a horse ridden by Elkins, because no other
borse in that region had- such a curious side step wben
nervous and restless.
The- Government officers watched Elkins and Wilbur
and were satisfied that they were the highwaymen. So
one night the Marshal and his deputise made a descent
upon the adobe hut that the robbers used as a home on
the outskirts of Tucson. Elkins or Wilbur must have seen
the officers approaching in the moonlight, for no sooner
had the men cautiously dismounted and were stealthily
advancing, pistols in hand, toward the only door of tbo
house, than it flew open and the two robbers came out.
Qulc'ier than thought the Marshal was knocked down
unconscious by a blow on the head with the butt of a re
volver and three of hlB deputies were shot. Two of them
were killed instantly. A half-dozen shots went toward the
robbers. In less time than It takes to tell It, Elkins and
Wilbur had run to their corral at the- back of the adobe,
and, each having thrown a bridle across a horse, they
were off and away.
When the excitement was over a vain search was made
for many miles out across the sand for the course taken by
he men. A heavy windstorm came up the next day, and
U was absolutely impossible to trail the bandits on the
shifting sands. The adobe was ransacked, and sufficient
evidence was found to connect the two men with the high
way robberies.
There were no more hold-ups of the stages from Tuc
son for some months. It began to be generally thought
that the robbers had run away to Mexico or had been lost
out on the desert. In the following March, bowover,
there was another bold stage robbery In a new locality —
along the lonely route between Benson and Deming. The
driver refused to stop the four horses drawing the stage
and tried to move on. Ho was shot from his high seat,
while a few bullets were sent whistling through the stage
to make the passengers more obedient to the demands of
the two highwaymen. After the customary stand and de
liver had been made and the treasure box under the driv
er's seat had been opened with an ax, one of the passen
gers obeyed the- order to mount the driver's seat and drive
on toward New Mexico without faying a word. That rob
bery yielded some $6000. Dan Elkins and his partner Wil
bur grew bolder as the year passed. Tbey knew that their
Identity was known all over Arizona, and that rewards ag
gregating- 18000 were out for their capture, dead or alive.
They were cold-blooded murderers and had not one re
deeming trait. They would even rob women on their way
to their families at the mines. It was a common trick o"f
theirs to shoot through a man's hat or between his legs
merely to enjoy his terror. One time one of them shouted
to the passengers in a stage as it rolled away:
"You fellows may go and tell all the sheriffs this side
of hell that you have been held up by Dan Elkins and
George VKbur. We defy them all."
Dan Eckins is remembered as the original lone bandit
of the Southwest, because, single-handed, he once held up
a stage-load of eight passengers, besides the driver, all
of whom %\ore armed. For weeks the exploit was th*> talk
of men in and about Tombstone. For gome reason Wilbur
was not nloni? with Elkins on a raid one day when the
stage was rumbling along through San Miguel Pass, and It
seemed a fit opportunity for Elkins to make another raise
of mon^y. Judge Bennett, now of San Gabriel. CaL, was
one of the passengers, and he tells how the robber worked
his desnerate gnmc
"We on tho'inside of the conch had just been talking,"
says the Jrdge, "of the robberies that Elkins and his
partner, v. ilbur, had committed In the Territory, nnd the
Bhnme it was that an organized effort was not made to go
and keep after the villains until they were killed, even if
it took a year, when we heard a rifle crack, and a man
shout to the driver:
" 'Come now, stop those horses or you'll drop dead!'
"We were traveling through a rocky region along the
foothills, and each of us knew instantly that all were In
for a hold-up then nnd there. Every one wondered what
his neighbor would do with his rlsto'l.
" Til be ,' paifi n b!sr man from Texas, 'If I'll stand
this infernal nonsense,' and he snatched his big shootlng
lron up from the seat at his side.
"The driver put on the brakes and the stage was
stopped at once, when we heard a voice outside saying:
' 'Now, you fellows on the inßlde get out on this side.
leather coat. He
never sat with
his back to a
window or an
open door, and
Invariably walk
ed In the middle
of the road so as
to have clear
range if any one
should take aim
at him.
A few months
later he had a
shooting scrape
with Dan Kent,
a dang ero v s
character, who
escaped with a
bad wound.
These affrays
created a feel
ing against
Howard, and
people began to
avoid him. The
public was not
left long in sus
pense regarding
his true, charac
ter. One night
night he was
caught commit
ting a petty
highway rob
bery. It was
believed that he
had been rob
bing for a long
time, but no one
deemed it pru
dent to investi
gate the matter.
He was not ar
rested for the
offense in which
he had been de-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1808.
THEY KNOCKED DOWN THE MARSHAL OND SHOT THREE OF HIS DEPUTIES.
The first man who gets out on the other side will drop
dead as a smelt. Don't be lazy. All of you throw down
your shooters as you tile out of the coach, for there's a
lot of sure rifle shots that's got their eyes on you and are
hiding in these here rocks to lay you out cold dead if you
don't nind what I'm telling you.'
"Well, I believed that some of our party would never
listen to such talk, but 1 was not going to risk myself by
being too irdependent of a stage robber with a rifle aimed
straight at my body, and, what's more, 1 didn't know
hbw ma'iy more there were aimed the same way among
those bowlders all around us. When I got out of the stage
I noticed that the highwayman wore a wiremask contriv
ance over hiti face, and had a big black beard ami a whole
arsenal of weapons in a belt about his waist. He stood on
a commanding bowlder, and kept his Winchester repeater
moving t-lowly over us. I took particular pains that he
saw that I threw down my two pistols on the ground, and
I noticed that every one of us, including the Texan, did
the same thing.
" 'Throw up your hands, gents,' said the masked rob
ber, wh"n we were all on the ground an/1 our pistols lay
there in a pile beside the coach wheels. ''Now get in line,
there, quick, and face this way. Keep your hands above
your heads, don't move; keep your mouths shut or you'll
know how scon a man can go plumb to hell."
"We got in line facing our commander in a moment,
and none of us could extend his hands quite high enough.
" 'Now you young fellow with the monkey whiskers,"
Won a Fortune in Spite of Himself
LIEUTENANT LAYTON had a friend, and the
friend had peculiarities. One of the peculiarities
was an absorbing love of getting Into debt and con
sequent kite-flying. It's as easy to get Into debt In
India as it Ib to get Into sunshine. He was known
by the cheerful name of "Gayety."
With Lieutenant Layton's name on the back of a note
and his triends on the face of it, it was an easy hunt to
stalk a Mnrwarie money lender with cash enough to dis
count it. Jiut that transaction didn't really help them very
much; it tided the friend over settling day after the Bun 1
galoo races, but it didn't provide the ways and means
against settling day with the Marwarie.
"It's a devil of a hole that we're in," mused Layton, as
he flicked the dry grass with his stick. "Gayety can't
raise the wind, not a pice of it, to pay that blood-sucking
Marwirie. and he'll be down on me for his pound of flesh
like an Aigl:an Ghazi. 1 wouldn't care, only poor old Nell
will have to wait till God knows when— wait till never-day,
I fancy— for the infernal thing will break me, too."
He threw up his head and listened. Something- was
pounding the turf behind him on the course. It was not
the mlxod excited, shuffle of ekka ponies; it was the clean,
powerful stroko of thoroughbred hoofs, strong horses
hammering the sod In eager gallop — his racing ear knew
that.
"By Jove, It's a trial t" he muttered.
Ho could sco a blurred mass gliding along In the moon
light on the far side of the course. He quickened his pace,
and drew up In the shadow of the lime-plastered grand
stand.
Two horses were hugging each other like twins; behind,
a dozen lengths beaten off, galloped something that had
been put in to make the running.
As they smashed past Layton one, a big bay, shot out
as though the jockey had Just let his head go, and swung
between th» "finish post" and the Judges' stand a clean
length lit front of his mate.
It was pure sport that made Layton take so much In
terest in the dash up to that time. "The bay oould have
galloped over the other fellow at any time, he thought.
r'lr 'I wonder who he belongs to?"
Just then a high-pitched, drawling voice came up to
him from one of the two men. There could be no mistak
ing it. That voice was known from one end to the other
of the rr-ilitary racing world of India— lt belonged to Cap
tain Frank
Johnson. He
was saying: "By
fad, Dick, he'll
o for the biff
handl cap, if
th ey don't
smother hi m
with, weight.
Two stun and a
other!"
I>ayton hur
ried away, his
brain in a whirl. |
He was like a
man who had
picked up a dia
mond of gTeat |
value and was
afraid of finding
the owner.
It was all
cl ea r enough.
The bay was
Frank John
son's Zigzag,
with the cap
tain's jockey,
Dick Richmond,
In the saddle.
He remember
ed the horse
perfectly now.
Frank Johnson,
was one of the
cleverest rac
ing men in In
dia. His knowl
edge had cost
him something,
for to have a
free hand at the
game he had re-(
signed his com
mission in the
Ninth Hussars
If the trial had
satisfied him
that Zigzag was
ioward ran plump against him, and, throw
ing him to the ground, held him there
with one foot while he emptied two revol
vers Into his head and chest
said the highwayman, 'you just shell out there where you
stand. Turji your pockets inside out so me and my pards
can see you're dealing fair. That's right. Now, while me
and my purds keep you in gun range, you search that
next man, turn his pockets out. Keep your hands up high,
gents, and save trouble. Don't speak.
"In a few minutes that stemed like ages of an awful
silence, encli man was starched, and we all stood there in
a row, v.iih our pockets turned out and flapping in the
morning breeze, our hands a full foot above our heads and
a small pHo of wallets, watches, little pocket leather and
cloth bags of coin lay at the feet of the young man of our
party, who had been compelled to search his companions.
" 'Now, gents.' said he. as the last of us had got back
into our seats, weaponless and moneyless, 'you can brag
that you''e been held un by a single-handed maji in the
profesh. I don't mind telling you that I'm all plone to-day,
and that I need your money awful bad. Tell them Tomb
stone fellers that Dan Elkins has got a new trick in his
line O hush ess.'
"Th.< horsea were whipped up and the last we saw of
Dan Elkins be Stood there on that big bowlder, keeping his
bead still on us until we turned in the foothill road a mile
away. 1 think the rascal must have got $1000 that day.
lou sop, wf did n<>t carry much nponey on our persons in
those days when thoro was danger of highway robbery,
rxot one of us in the coach so much as spoke f"or several
miles, and then we talked of everything but stage robbing
and of how easy it is for a lot of passengers to assert their
A Story of the Race Track..
good enough for the "open handicap," there could be
very little doubt about it whatever.
Layton realized what it meant. It was the very softest
kind of a snap.
With this knowledge he could back the horse for more
than enough to pay off Gayety's debts with the Marwarie.
But it would be hardly honorable toward Johnson. He
had blundered upon' the captain's secret, almost stolen
it; he could scarcely do it.
And then, on the other hand, the greasy, covetous face
of the money lender peered at him from the thick folds of
a peepul tree, and sneeringly asked why the sahib's signed
notes ihey could not pay. ..
It was the next morning Frank Johnson was walking
home from the course, after having seen his string exer- .
cised, when he was stopped by one Harvey, trainer to the
Rajah of Jagnat.
"Good mornin', Meester Johnson," began Harvey; and
in his manner was much of the I've-got-something-behlnd
all-this style. -
"What is it, Harvey?" said Johnson, Bcenting the
something at once.
"Well, sir, you know Simpkin, don't you?" . v . C
"Is he any good?" asked Johnson. "He's never done
anything yet."
"That's hall right, sir," answered the trainer with a
wink, hand c's in the big 'andicap 'ere, the same race as
your Zigzag's in."
"Well?" Queried Johnson.
v. "The. 'andicapper don't know much about 'lm 'ere. sir
han< U f appened to be hanywhere near when the
weights was beln' made hup, and could get a tidy weight
hon him, we could land the stuff." 8
"What weight'll do you?" asked the owner of Zigzag.
' Hanything hunder eight stone seven pounds With
eight stone four pounds on Ms back he oould gallop right
away from the hothers."
+..1 TT h n F , a , rve u y explained to the captain all about the
trials foimpkin had given them down at Jugnaut; how he
nad beaten horses that quite outclassed.- Zigzag, until
Je^nlV^^^ViM ¥. e mffin° nhlS " *«**
He knew that Zigzag on his past form would certainly
not get leas than nine stone seven pounds in the handicap
perhaps ten stone. • ,--i .••. -- ■■» ••■--.-■
This was a game after his own heart. They could
make a coup with Simpkin, and Zigzag would have less
weight another tine. ■
.:, Johnson knew that three officers were framing the
handicaps that very morning in Mai Jim's bungalow.
« He didn't quite know how he was going to get a hand
in the business; but if he could make any excuse to get in
among thorn something was pretty sure to turn up
When he stepped up on the veranda the rough dark
green door of the bungalow was closed. He gave a knock
and shoved It / abruptly '■ open and .walked in, pretending
to be mightily surprised at finding anybody but his friend
Maj Jim there. . -• : . ■:,. ■ •■■ ■ r,-.
■■ ■-.•ts'l; say, you fellows," exclaimed one of the others as
the captain-sipped, leisurely- at his whisky and ' soda,
' Johnson likely, knows ; something ; about ,: this „ Simpkin
they've sent up from Jagnat. He Knows every gee-gee in
the country." »'.> - ■ • • ° ■
. "Yes," added the major; "what about this brute Har
vey has entered for Jagnat?: We've got none of his per
formances to go on." • •;' >--c < . ■ --•
• "Oh, that crock." said the captain, 'with fine scorn;
"stick a postage stamp on his back— shove him in at any
thing you like, seven stone ten pounfls. Good morning,
gentelemen," he added, as he set his glass down and
opened the door.. "Don't put a load of bricks on Zigzag's
back." '<:■':■'- .•.::■■;'..,- ,■--■■■■ ;-.■ -...■■■^•.■y- ■ ■•■- -
To make the good thing a greater certainty, Johnson
let the tralrer have. his own Jockey. Richmond, for Simp
kin. and determined to ride Zigzag himself. ■ ;
If (he game had been Zigzag; this would not have mat
tered ;so verj much, for he was, one of the best riders in
India. / -,- : ■ ;■>■"?: - : " '■:■■-.*. :■■-- ■..;■■■-._..■ y.. ■■ . ■
That the owner was riding Zigzag confirmed Layton in
his determination: to have a plunge on the horse. ' \
At the lotteries,, the night before the race, Layton 1
bought Zicrag in the first lottery. • I
•■■>= When th" ■- secretary asked if the owner claimed . any
thing:. Johnson answered. "Nothing, thanks."
- ""He'll come to me after it's all over," thought Layton,
"and ask for a half "throughout, i He ; knows I have to
give it to him, too. It wouldn't be safe; to have his horse i
running with none of the owner's money on." . '
r When Simpkin ' was : sold Johnson bought him through
another party. '. ; -"■'■■ ■■._ '■ '■■"■ '• ,-' , :
-, :".-.' And ho it was through every lottery, and there were
many of them, for the /handicap was a big betting -race
with eight herpes in it. v - ■ *j- ... ..
Layton 'bought. Zigzag steadily every time, and John
son's agent took Simpkin. ■- ' J v
•; Fifteen i minutes before ; the race no ■- offer had come"
from I Johnson ito \ take : - a < share •In : Zigzag's chances. Th«
suspense was. too great for Layton.
rights If they only want to."
During the winter of 1879 and 1880 the recklessness and
bravado of Elkina and Wilbur became unbearable, and
people begat to see that the' stage robberies were hurting
the name of Arizona, so an unusuai effort was made to
get the raLcals. An extra reward for their capture was
offered, and two or three detectives from Los Anirelea,
Cal., hvgan work. Several half-breed Apacho and Indian
trailers were hired, and after a few weeks the trail to the
bandits was found.
"We're trapped! We're trapped!" shouted Elkins, as
he jumped from his couch of leaves and saw the horsemen
encircling- his hiding- place.
In a second he and Wilbur were behind two great oaks
and were prepared to ng-ht for their lives. They forgot
the Indians at their rear, and no sooner had they turned
their faces toward the advancing ponse than they wer«
shot dead in the back by the Apache trailers.
There Is good reason to behove that If the men had
been captured alive they might have been induced to tell
wh<*-e they had hidden the greater part of their stolen
money and gold, for no one thinks that, living as they did
they spent more than a small part of their ill-gotten gains'
Both the robbers were buried where they were killed and
to this day there are people who go out from Benson
every little while to the scene of the old camp of Elkina
and Wilbur in the hope of finding the secret storehoura
of stolen riches among the bowlders and foothills that
eurround the spot.
He went to the little dressing room, Just under the
stand, where Johnson was putting on his slim riding boots
and colors.
"S.e hfre, Frank," he said, "I've got Zigzag in every
lottery, and I stand to win a big pot over him. Do you
want any of it? You haven't taken a bit of it yet."
Johnson was noted for two things— his superb riding
and his exquisite cynical humor.
"Who the merry Hades told you to back my horse?"
he asked.
"I backed him because I thought he could win, and
you were riding him," answered Layton, coloring slightly.
"Well, hp hasn't the ghost of a chance," said Johnson,
tightening the strings ?n his racing cap, "and I don't want
a bit him in anything. He hasn't a thousand-to-one
chance."
Layton was dumfounded.
"If he doesn't win," he said, "I shall come a cropper."
"Here, Dick," he called sharply, "you witness this bet.
Mr. La yt o n
lays me 5000 ru
pee s to 10
against Zigzag.
If the horse
wins he pays
me 5000, if he
doesn't I pay
him 10. That's
a clear under
standing, Isn't
it?"
"Yes," an
swered Layton,
cheerfully.
"It's the only
bet I've got on
my mo unt,"
added Johnson,
"and it's just
throwing ten
rupees in the
sea."
"They're off!"
went up from
the grand stand
In a hoarse cry,
and gla ss c a
were leveled at
the bright
splashes of col
or twisting in
and out, as the
eight horses
scrambled for
places.
A black Jack
et, with red and
yellow sleeves,
shot to the
front Immedi
ately.
"Zigzag ln>
the lead." some
body exclaimed,
and Layton
rubbed his
They forgot the Apache trailers behind them
and were shot dead by them.
glasses with his handkerchief, and focussed them on th«
leader of the rushing- troop. -
m He could see the red ana yellow quartered cap leaning
far over the withers of the big bay. Yes, it was Zigzag
Over on the horses Johnson and Dick were riding so
close together that they could- speak in short, gaspine
words as the wind cut at their breath. ' - B^K" *
.Three ; furlongs ; from home they were together nose
and nose— Simpkln had dropped back a head ' - IlO3e
f Jo £ n on , C Uld . hear something closing vp 1 on them
up n?xt°the^an •'" h ° gaSped "*'" pull back and let you
fast^^m^f^ Dlck helplessly " can't go «*
Tr r ,< 3 A fh r ". l i rag *v5 am. ? lu t0 heart of the captain. Thto
was the ■•Sure thing" they had put him on to Beaten a
SJJ a oi e th° f a "I 1 ' 6 ll rr ° m l £ G flnlf *' and the othencCnt
q^e^orkimpifi^ a chestn^ head was lapped on. th * •
Zigzag was still full of running, fighting for his hea*t
Slowly, inch by inch., the chestnut was creeping up; SB
nose was at Dicks girths now."
« v^ : " l ' m /I' ' re> j , he hoard Dick, say again, and then h*.
gripped the saddle with his knees and rode for Layton'a
1 5000 rupoes. ■ - ■ . •
j. A furlong from home he was clear of Simpkin. but the
chestnut, was. still there,^ lapped on his quarters now. and
beside the chestnut, on the outside, was an iron-gray,
coming very, fast.- too. - ■
How he cursed the folly that had made him take sc
much out of Zigzag to make the running for Simpkin.
If the gallant old horse would only last home the 5000
rupees would pay his losses..
In the stand the cry of "Zigzag wins!" went up, as the
horses clung to each other up the straight.
:■■ i Layton was tugging at his blonde mustache, and even
Gayety a face was solemn and still as he realized what
that struggle , meant ;to the two of them— meant more to
them than to all the others in the stand together. Not
only the money, but honor— itself was at stake - '
-• -As. they flashed past the stand, Zigzag's big bony head
with its wide red nostrils, was still in front. ... '
And so they caught the judge's eye.
, -J The stout heart of the gallant horse, and the cool head
of the steel-nerved rider had: won the race that was all
but thrown away. ■■;.: . ; . : . ... A
(Copyright, IS9B, by W. A. Fraser.) \THE GREAT DILGRIMAGE TO LOURDES
Special to The Sunday Call.
BY GENEVIEVE GREEN.
PARIS. Sept. 3, 1898.— A white flag
hung limply from its staff on the
top of a certain train in the Or
leans depot. There was no
breeze to make it float, for Paris
was hot unto sizzle r — hot with
the double suffocation that can only
come from a grea.t city. Sisters of the
Assumption with red crosses on their
bosoms hurried hither and thither in
the depot, carrying pillows, medicine
chests and various hospital contrivan
ces; others climbed in and out of the
waiting train transporting and deftly
arranging mattresses on the hard
boards of third-class compartments.
"Passengers for the White trcin this
way:" at length yelled the railroad's
blue-coated official.
He flung open the doors of the several
■waiting rooms and at once emerged a
ghastly procession, the rank and file, It
seemed, of the accursed of the earth.
Emaciated consumptives, borne on lit
ters, distorted rheumatics, horrible vic
tims of cancer and of eczema without
even the outlines of human visage, par
alytics, epileptics, the blind In heart
rending numbers, from babi having
never Been the light of day to tottering
old men who at best could only emerge
from their darkness to view the setting
sun. the lame in endless variety, some
pulled in little wagons, others dragging
lifeless limbs, crawling on hands and
knees or scuffling on crutches.
A hard-faced woman trudged along,
carrying a grown daughter in her arms.
Strong men offered to relieve her, but
the woman whs rfJmost vicious in her
refusal. No stranger hands should
touch that precious burden.
The odor of antiseptics pervaded the
depot, rendering the hot air almost un
endurable as the invalids were Installed
aboard the train. The well and the
hearty gasped for breath, mopped their
brows and complained of the weather,
but among others no murmur was
.heard, no sigh, no complaint. They
■were the incurables, these occupants of
the white train, the abandoned of sci
ence, and yet on every face was joy and
faith and blessed, blessed hope.
At last the whistle blew the signal for
departure, good-bys were said and the
trail 1 pulled out slowly, while the
Ftraina of the magnificat burst from
the throats of these hundreds of mls
erables. ... ,
The "Magnificat," the song of thanks
giving and praise from such lips as
these! Could anything be more incon
gruous or contain a greater reproach
to OS Who could sr;e and hear and walk!
A final glimpse of pale faces against
the windows, of blind eye? turned for
ev?r upward, and the white train was
gone _the pilgrimage to Lourdes had
bf'irun
Fourteen trains of this description
went forth from Paris wit 1 - i the fol
lowing twenty-four hours. They were
konwn as the green train the red the
yellow, the dark blue, the lisht blue,
and co on. each one designated by a
flag and decorations of its own color.
The annual pilgrimage to Lourdes is
a very important affair in France. It
is estimated that over 200,000 pilgrims
visit the little city of the Pyrenees each
ve*r and of these perhaps [«0,000 go at
' the time of the national pilgrimage be
tween the 16th and the 23d of August
By leaving Paris on the regular train
the following morning I arrived at
Lourdes a few hours ahead of the pil-
ETims who had remained one night at
Poitiers. I was quite prepared to be
disappointed in the town of Lourdes.
I am usually disappointed In towns,
making up my mind for certain char
acteristics which they do not often
possess. On several occasions I have
dreamed of picturesque peasants in
fantastic gowns and headgear and
found instead phirt waists and sailor
hats But Lourdes was no disappoint
ment I found It exactly as it should
be a beautiful little village In the
. heart of the Pyrennes where the moun
tains are gigantic, the streams clear
as crystal and the simplicity of th»
people extraordinary.
It was 6 o'clock in the morning when
our train arri\ed. A thick mist hung
'over the mountains, hiding even the
houses from view. From the railroad
hardly a sugrg stion of the town was
yet visible, but high upon the mountain
the sun w.:s striving to break through
the mist and revealed the outline of a
mammoth cross. It suggested easily a
certain pray morning on Calvary.
We found the town already astir.
For several days the pilgrims had been
pouring in and the little streets were
full to overflowing. Beds are always
at a premium in Lourdes at thiF sea
eon and the majority of the pilgrims
had slept out beneath the stars or on
the benches of the church. There are
three hospitals where the sick are well
provided f'»r, but the healthy must util
ize the blue vault of heaven. The llt
' tie hotels scattered about through the
town afford accommodations for a very
small part of the crowd and the rates
are naturally txeessive.
The crowd was moving entirely in one
direction, but no questions were neces
concerning its destination, for the
Hffns on the corners read "Avenue to
the grotto of Lourdes and reveled in
gone by had I started at pictures of
the grotto of Lourdes and raveled in
the story of Bernadetto with ecstatic
faith and burning enthusiasm and now
the real spot was almost before me.
Something of my childhood's ardor for
the moment possessed me. I quick
ened my footsteps and found myself
before the grotto with the duet of the
night's journey still upon me.
Yes, it was exactly like the pictures.
The white statue with the blue sash
and the pretty face of a Bougourreau
Madonna; the hundreds of crutches,
some of them rotting with time and ex
posure, the candelebra with its dozens
of burning tapers, they were all there
exactly like the lace-edged picture that
I had guarded so carefully In my in
fantile prayer book. Surely Mary, the
mother of God, could not have chosen
a more beautiful spot for her mani
festations. Here where th« mountains
are like vast cathedrals, where the
waters are singing eternal praise, it is
not hard to awaken one's soul to re
ligious or poetic enthusiasm. How
much more effective it all is than if
the apparitions had occurred in some
desert region!
Near the grotto is a marble slab, on
■which is inscribed the story of the ap
paritions. It tells us in substance that
on this spot during the month of March,
1858, Mary, the mother of ap-
BRINGING IN THE AFFLICTED TO LOURDES.
From an Instantaneous" Photograph.
peared eighteen times to Bernadetto
Soubirous, a simple peasant of the
Pyrennes, telling her to see that a
church was erected on the spot and
promising that the waters would be
forever efficacious.
Alas, I glanced from the slab to the
dozens of "simple peasants of the Py
rennes" already li. ecstasies before the
shrine and wondered how much cre
dence it would be possible to give to
the mystical revelations of one of these.
I could not doubt that many of them
enjoyed periodical transports and vis
ions and apparitions— such things are
in the air in the south of France, and
this statue of the Blessed Virgin
which is said to represent her exactly
as 6he appeared — the statue with its
pretty, expressionless face, its blue
sash and rosary beads, could anything
more perfectly depict the fancy of a
child? Here in the presence of the
grotto and of the people that swarmed
about it, the story of Bernadetto be
came to me not less beautiful but only
very childish. I felt that one's intel
ligence was certainly an impediment
when it came to taking it seriously—
but then, what matters all of that!
Have we not been told that we must
become as little children in order to
enter the kingdom of heaven and have
not all sorts of things been said about
believing and not seeing?
By noon the pilgrims had nearly all
arrived and the crowd at the Grotto
was immense. Again appeared the
ghastly file of invalids, of little wagons
and of litters. The hour of immersion
was at hand, which to them of unfal
tering faith meant the hour of deiiV
ery from their pain. The air was
literally torn with the prayers, the be
seechings of 10,000 believers.
"Lord, Lord, cvre our sick. Mary
conceived without sin, pray for us;
Jesus, son of David, have mercy on
us and cure our sick." Such were the
words that were shrieked and groaned
and chanted— many of the pilgrims on
their knees with outstretched arms,
others prostrate on the ground. The
piping voices of invalid children and
the faint pleadings of Imlf-rlead wo
men gave a pathos inconceivable to
this woeful chorus. Surely, the peace
of heaven must have been disturbed
by this volley of prayer; one felt that
the divine powers would have to sur
render, that all this faith and hope and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898,
love could not be poured out In vain.
One after the other In quick succes
sion the invalids entered the blessed
pool. This is no longer, as in days of
old, visible to lookers on. The door
is closed when the person enters and
one can only wait amid the multitude
to see what the exit will be. "Lord,
Lord, you are good, you are powerful,
you are mighty," they chanted, while
ecstatically beating their breasts. My
heart throbbed with excitement while
waiting for the emerging of this first
crowd of invalids. I was thinking
with sadness of the bitter disappoint
ment, of the eternal loss of faith, should
they come forth uncured, when, 10,
there they came — the blind still blind,
the lame still lame, the cancerous vis
ages as horrible as ever, but marvel of
marvels, with no suggestion of loss of
faith, with no shadow of doubt upon
them, singing as fervently as before
the praises of God. "It was not Thy
will, O Lord; blessed be Thy name for
ever."
The woman carrying the woman
daughter came panting up the road-
Bide, hurraing frantically, as If she
feared that the miraculous water would
be exhausted before her arrival She
kept u~ the same gait until she had
passed the portals of the pool. Some
how, I had not yearned for any cure
so much as for this one. Should that
daughter come forth well and strong, I
felt that I could scream hosannas with
all the frenzy of those about me. From
their appearance, I knew that they
were poor, the mother probably a
seamstress, who had saved little earn
ings of iuany days to pay the expenses
of the pilgrimage.
In a few moments they came forth,
but the one yet in the arms of the
other. The daughter was white and
fainting, almost unconscious, while the
face of the mother was hard unto des
peration. There were written upon her
countenance rebellion and despair and
blasphemy!
Every minute of the afternoon, as
fast as they could be handled, the In
valids were immersed. There was no
time to change the water, and the one
pool was used for every variety of dis
ease. Children with blind eyes and
twisted limbs were immersed with con
sumptives, the scrofulous and the can
cerous.
I did not see a single cure, but the
report was circulated about the town
and published in the newspapers that
four or five had taken place.
Instead of waning, the enthusiasm
became more intense as the day ad
vanced, and by night it amounted to
nothin" less than ecstacy.
About 8 o'clock commenced the won
derful procession over the mountains.
Forty thousand people, each with a
burning candle, climbed up and around
the mountain sides, singing "Aye, Aye
Maria." It was like a procession of
stars. I felt when I had reached the
mountain top as though I were sus
pended between two skies. Above the
matchless southern heavens, below the
mass of twinkling lights in the hands
of thousands yet waiting to ascend.
The procession ended before the
church. the wonderfully beautiful
church built in obedience to the wishes
of the Virgin Mary, as expressed to
Bernadetto. I doubt that there is any
thing In all the world like this church
at Lourdes. The walls are built of
the testimonials of the grateful, of
those who have received favors from
Our Lady of Lourdes. Besides the
marble slabs bearing the inscriptions
there are literally thousands of offer
ings of every shape and design. The
swords and epaulets of soldiers, the
dresses of women who have been
healed, the casts of twisted feet, por
traits, wreaths of orange blossoms — a
simply innumerable list, besides a my
riad of golden hearts, arranged in gar
lands, in festoons, up and. down the
length of the pillars, surrounding the
windows, in every conceivable design.
There are banners from every nation
on earth, from every province in
France, from obscure towns and thriv
ing cities. The wealth of every em
pire, of every land on earth, is repre
sented. Wonderful tapestries, em
broideries from the heart of China, dia
dems gleaming with precious stones
and massive lamps of solid gold are
simply bewildering in their magnifi
cence.
Surely if the splendor of the earth
be acceptable to Him who rules the
sun and the stars, If it contribute to
His glory to hear from the lips of His
creatures, "Thou art good, Thou art
powerful, Thou art ml?hty," then, in
deed, must Lourdes be pleasing in His
sight.
The next day it was simply impossi
ble to find accommodations in the town.
I had been fortunate the first night in
finding a room, which, however, had
been engaged in advance for the fol
lowing days. As my enthusiasm had
not yet risen to the degree of sleeping
on the doorstep of the church, I con
cluded to go to Pau for the night. By
doing so I missed the procession of the
Blessed Sacrament, during which a
number of cures are said to have been
accomplished. They told me that sev
eral paralytics had arisen and walked,
that even a consumptive had been sud
denly cured. There is no doubt that
many extraordinary things have oc
curred at Lourdes since the beginning
of the pilgrimages. Even unbelievers
do not deny that the things are some
times accomplished, but take refuge In
scientific reasons.
One thin??, however. Is certain, that
the wonders are greatly exaggerated.
'Tis true that the church is built of
testimonials, but fully half of ihem are
unimportant and childish.
For instance, many of the inscrip
Trje Winding Way Leading prom the Church; to t\)e Grotto of Lourdes.
"About 8 o'clock commenced the wonderful procession over the mountains. Forty thousand people, each with a burning candle, climbed up and around
the mountain sides, singing 'Aye, Aye Maria.' It was like a procession of stars. I felt when I had reached the mountain top as though I were suspended
between two skies. Above the matchless southern heavens, below the mass of twinkling lights in the hands of thousands yet waiting to ascend."
"The procession ended before the church, the wonderfully beautiful church built in obedience to the wishes of the Virgin Mary, as expressed to Perna
dette. I doubt that there Is anything in all the world like this church at Lourdes. The walls are built of the testimonials of the grateful, of those who have re
ceived favors from Our Lady of Lourdes. Besides the marble slabs bearing the inscriptions, there are literally thousands of offerings of every shape and de
sign. The swords and epaulets of soldiers, the dresses of women who have been healed, the casts of twisted feet, portraits, wreaths cf orange blossoms— a
simply innumerable list, besides- a myriad of golden hearts, arranged In garlands, in festoons, up and down the length of the pillars, surrounding the windows.
In every conceivable design. There are banners from' every nation on earth, from every province In France, from obscure towns and thriving cities. Th«
wealth of every empire, of every land on earth, Is represented. Wonderful tapestries, embroideries from the heart of China, diadems gleaming with preclou*
stones and massive lumps of solid cold are simply bewildering In their magaiiieence."
tions read like tlpse: "Gratitude to
Notre Dame for a safe journey after
a pilgrimage to Lourdt.3"; "We thank
thee, Notre Dame, for a son born af
ter a pilgrimage to Lourdes"; "Marie
Marguerite So and So made her first
communion in this church on the 17th
of March, 1881. Protect her, O Notre
Dame."
As a spectacle, there is probably
nothing like Lourdes on the face of the
earth. It is the particular devotion in
Europe of the crowds of marvel seek
ers, the adorers of the extraordinary.
On the other hand, there are numbers
of devout, practical, intelligent Cath
olics who tender thanks unto the Lord
that there is no dogma Involved in the
story of Lourdes, and wonder why an
institution founded upon a rock must
needs occupy itself thus seriously with
the spectacular.
Why V\e Rerr>airjed a Prince.
The Due d'Aumale was a Prince of
the house of Orleanß, enormously
wealthy, and so popular in his youth
that it was thought that he could easily
play the role of Louis Napoleon and
secure his own election as President or
Stadtholder of France. But he died in
the. position to which he was born.
The English writer who tells the
story was standing near the door at
a state ball when the Duke entered.
"Announce me," he said to the ser
vant, "as General le Due d'Aumale."
The man stepped forward, but the
Duke stopped him. "No. as le Duo
d'Aumale, simply," he corrected.
Before the ser
vant could open
his mouth the
Duke interrupted
him again anxious
ly. "Announce me
as his Royal High
ness the Due d'Au
male."
But again ha
stopped him. "I
will not be an
nounced at all,"
and passed into th»
room in silence.
"Then," said th«
writer, "I under
stood why he never
had been King or
Stadthol der of
Prance." — London
Truth.
From a photograph.
2526
WHTI society has not as yet
been up and doing, still
there Is a note of prepara
tion in the air and things are
deftly and quickly being put
in shape for the approach-
Ing winter season.
On Thursday evening Horace Platt was
the host at an elegant dinner given in
honor of John W. Mackay and Mr. and
Mrs. Clarence Mackay. Dinner was
served in the red room of the Bohemian
Club amid the most delightful surround
ings of exquisite flowers and entrancing
music. Covers were laid for twelve.
The Entre Nous Cotillon has been or
ganized for its ninth season. As usual,
the club will be a strictly closed organi
sation, composed of fifty young ladies and
gentlemen. The opening assembly and
gvrman will take place on Friday oven-;
Ing, October 21, at the Palace Hotel, and
promises to be a. most brilliant gathering. ;
They're Engaged.
The engagement Is announced of L.
Levine and Miss ..tebecca Samuels. The
reception will be held on Sunday, October
2, at 623 Octavia f reet, between 1 and a
p. m.
The announcement is made of the en
gagement of Julius H. Jacoby. the pop
ular Market-street merchant, residing at
1012 Sacramento street, and Miss Ida
Strauss, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Isaac
Strauss of J7 r ,i Twenty-first street, and
Bister of Mrs. Jacob Meyers of 2310 Bryant
street.
Mr. and Mrs. John W. Stetson an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter Florence and I. Newton Rosekrana.
Wedding Bells.
Mr. and Mrs. Lewln have left for an
extended trip south and on their return
will reside at 64S Waller street, where
they will be pleased to receive their
friends.
A very pretty wedding took place last
Sunday night at Union Square Hall the
contracting parties being Seamon Freed j
and Miss Tillle Fried lander, daughter of
the wholesale candy manufacturer. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev. Dr. j
Isidore Myers of the Hush Street Temple
In the presence of about 100 guests. Miss
Francis Frledlnnder, sister of the bride,
officiated as the maid of honor.' Mr. and
Mrs. Freed have gone south on their
honeymoon, and on their return will re-
Fide in this city. The young couple re
ceived many handsome gifts from Europe
and the East, as well as from San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Maude Richardson
Hudson, daughter of Mrs. John Rlchard-
Bon. to James Shultz. manager of the Re
dondo Lumber Company, whs celebrated
on Saturday evening at the residence of
Rev. W. S. Young, 247 East Thirteenth
Ptreet. Los Angeles. Many elegant pres
ents were displayed from frieridu ana rel
atives In San Francisco, Los Angeles and
the East.
lr\ the Future.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Shaen celebrated
their golden wedding yesterday at their
residence. 1312 Webster street. They will
receive their friends this afternoon from
2 till 6 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Friedlander will cele
1 ■ .. • thetr silver wedding Sunday, Sep
tember IS, and will be pleased to see their
friends from 2 to a p. m. at their resi
dence, 33S Fell street.
Home Qatherings.
A very enjoyable "at home" took place
ai the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
E. McEneany, 2512 Folsom street, last
Thursday evening. Dancing, singing and
recitations occupied the early hours of
the evening, after which the participants
partook of a sumptuous repast. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. E. A.
Bernhard, Miss J.. N. Coffey, Mr. and
Mrs. Walter Cox, Miss E. P. Dunlea. Ailss
M. C. Hart, Robert Worthlngton. Miss M.
McEneaoy, S. A. Ross, Will Ross, Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas E. MoEneany.
Mrs. C. A. Lnokhardt celebrated the,
eighteenth birthday anniversary of her
daugr.ter, Misa Viola, on Sunday evening
laet at her residence on Lyon street. Miss
Luckhnrdt was presented with many ap
preciated gifts.
A surprise party was tendered to Miss
P. Legllse at her residence, 1117 Howard
street, la.st Saturday evening. Among the
guests were: Miss Mac Crosby, Miss P.
Leplise, Miss Mac Mahoney, Miss Jennie
Clark, Miss Sadie Fross, Miss Flora
French. Miss Carrie Lublimer, Miss Flor
ence O'Donnell.
Miss Irene Weil celebrated her eighth
birthday by giving a theater party at the
Alhambra last Saturday. Those who en-
Joyed the performance were: Miss Enid
Ackerman, Miss Belle Shonwasser, Miss
Erna Weil. Miss Jeffreys Martin, Miss
Claire Strauss, Miss Sadie Kohn, M'ss
Irene Well.
Mrs. Charles N. McLouth entertained
at an ehgant dinner on Friday last. Cov
ers were laid for fourteen. Those pres
ent were: Colonel William C. Smith Col
onel Gracy Chllders, Lieutenant James
K. Polk, Captain Gaston O'Brien of the
First Tennessee Regiment, Mr. and Mra.
Henry James, Mrs. yosine Morgan of iJos
Angeles. Miss Susie Russell and Mr. and
Mrs. Charles B. Gennlngß. Mrs. Mc-
Louth was assisted In receiving by her
three charming daughters.
Mrs. W. Frank Pierce, who was chair
man of the booth committee during the
Masonic Festival in May. was given a
most pleasant surprise Wednesday even
ing by a number of her co-workers, that
took the form of the presentation of a
handsome gold plate in the shape of a
-ard in remembrance of h«r labors for
the Decoto Home.
Promptly at 8:30 o'clock in the evening
Mrs. Pierce was visited at her home 1389
Harrison street, by the delegation of la
dles, with Charles L. Pierce as their
spokesman. In behalf of these ladies
who were the chairmen of the different
booths at the fair. Mr. Pierce made a
short speech of prese > Nation and airs.
Pierce accepted with a few hearty -and
gracious words of thanks.
The gift was in the form of a heavy
card. On one upper corner was an em
blem of the Masonic order. The other
was turned down and bore the monogram
of It? recipient. Across the top were the
wordc. "Mrs. W. Frank Pierce.. In loving
remembrance of the Masonic festival. May
9th to 14th, 1898." Below wore the name's
of the donors and a picture of the Home
at Decoto.
The following names were engraved
uron the card: Mrs. K. J. Willats. Mra.
SOCIETY
I \V. X. Pearce, Mrs. H. L. Nickels, Mrs.
I J. Tonningson, Mrs. A. A. Batkln. Mrs.
A. T. Fletter, Miss A. Voorsanger, Mrs.
a. C. Malgren. Mrs. T. J. Merwin, Mrs.
M. B. Searles. Mrs. C. L. Pierce, Mrs.
Julius Kahn, Mrs. Dr. T. Flint St.. Mrs.
! F. B. Ogden, Mrs. H. A. Kline. Mrs. S. S.
! Kahn. Mrs. A. M. Roehrig, Mrs. C. L. P.
Marals, Mrs. Val Schmidt. Mrs. H. J.
Sadler, Mrs. J. Martin. Mrs. T. I* Hill.
Mrs. J. B. Emery. Mrs. J. F. Logan. Mrs.
i C. M. Hunt. Mrs. William Boyer. Mrs. Q.
E. Dorn, Mrs. E. Hills, Mrs. G. P. Laru,
i rs. A. Sehlfslnper. Mrs. J. Tonnlngson,
Mrs. G. Shankland.
J^ersorvals.
Robert E. Oeistlich of the Associated
Press left Tuesday evening on an extend- |
eu pleasure tour of the Eastern States. )
A number of friends accompanied Mr. j
Geistlich as far as Sacramento.
Miss Carrie Foster McLellan, the highly )
accomplished and popular vocalist of Col
lege Park. Santa Clara County, has re
turned from an extensive visit to South
ern California.
Professor *Villiam E. Herrick has re
turned from Honolulu.
Mr. and Mrs. Ellis Cohn and son Julian
of Los Angelea are in this city to attend
the wedding of Mlbs Celia Lachman, and
are stopping at 703 Geary Btreet.
Mrs. W. Jl. Schad and her daughter,
Miss Haiel, have returned to San i ran
cJsco after a three months' visit to Los
Angeles. . .
Miss Margaret Clark has returned home
from Sacramento, where she has been at
. tending the State Fair.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Lindner and family
. have moved to 2126 Pine street.
Mrs. Hermann Adler and family
; spending a fortnight at Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Isabel Shaw, widow of the late
Judge Shaw of Ferndale. HumboldtCoun
ty, is visiting friends in this city.
William Keith h*s returned from a
short vacation trip to Sonoma Valley.
Dr. and Mrs. Carey D. Gorton have
moved from Hotel St. Nicholas to 472
! Page street. They will receive their
friends after October 1.
Mrs. ML Boukofeky of 1362 Geary street
. has resumed her day at home— the last
Saturday of the month.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dernham and
! daughter are spending a. few days at Del
Monte.
Miss Valeric Ida Smyth has returned
home from Los Angeleß after a years va
: cation, accompanied by her sister, Mrs.
J M «'arson. who is visiting her parents.
Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Smyth, 1300 Golden
i Gate avenue.
M Zabrlski of New York will spend the
! winter in this city and Is located at 418
leaven worth street.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Garrett are enter
1 talnlng a party of friends at their plctur
j esque camp, 'Merriment." near Healds
t burg. In Sonoma County. Among their
1 guests are: Mrs. L. H. Garratt. Mrs.
Paul Keller, H. Justtns and Malcolm Mc-
Farland of San Francisco, T. E. MrShan*
and Miss Kitty McShane of Los Ange
les. Miss Katherlne Powell and Maud
Hall of HealdsbuFg.
ANOTHER charming out-of-town
iffair was the entertainment glv
an on Thursday afternoon by Mr.
Henry P. Bowie at his beautiful
home in San Mateo. It was given
in honor of Mrs. Chandler Howard, who Is
about to return to her home in Japan. An
orchestral concert was the feature of the
occasion. After enjoying this and the de
licious refreshments, the guests returned
to their homes in Burlingame, Menlo Park
and this city.
An innovation in the way of entertain
ment was the evening garden party given
by Miss Llllenthal on the 10th In the hand
some grounds of ihe country home of her
grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Oerstle,
at San Rafael. Chinese lanterns and in
candescent lights of every color made the
scene one of entrancing beauty. Dancing
whs Indulged In on a highly polished floor,
which was laid In the tennis courts, after
which an elaborate supper was served.
A charming country entertainment was
the house party given by RVchard M. Ho
taling at Greenroof farm, the family
country place, near Mayneld, in Santa
Clara County, on the 9th, 10th. and 11th
of September. The party was given in
honor of Mrs. C. T. Yerkes of Chicago,
and each night a novel entertainment was
arranged for the enjoyment of the guests.
Friday evening there were shadow pic
tures, which were Introduced indoors by
an improvised theater. Saturday after
noon a coaching party served to pass
the time, upon which occasion Mr. Hota
llng was his own whip on a great four
in-hand coach that accommodated the
whole party. After dinner a private vau
deville performance was mucn e-njoyed by
the guests, and on Sunday afternoon
there was an amateur circus perform
ance, in which some of the gentlemen
participated. Sunday evening there were
living pictures, which completed the
programme that Mr. Hotallng had ar
ranged. Among the guests were Mrs. C.
T. Yerkes and Miss Mary Cook of Chi
cago, Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young,
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Wilson, Miss Adelaide
De.mlng, Mlsa Gertrude Forman. Miss
Belle Smith; Messrs. Harry Dimond,
Greenwood, Unger, De V. Graham,
Houseman and McKlnnon.
An engagement Just announced is that
of Mlbh Ethel Murphy to Mr. Blddle of
Philadelphia.
The wedding of Miss Rosa Neustadter
and Clarence Walter will take place Oc
tober 6.
Mr. and Mrs. li. W. Newbauer gave a
dinner last Thursday evening in honor of
the engagement of their Bon to Miss
Hilda Sachs. There were sixty-five
guests, and they were seated at four
round tables— one of these decorated
with American Beauty roses, another
with sunflowers, a third with bride and
bridesmaid roses and the fourth with
dainty greens.
The marriage of Miss Mabel White and
David It. Dexter took place last Thurs
day evening at the First Congregational
Church. Miss Ida Jones and Miss Gene
vleve Smith were the bridesmaids. Miss
Edith Boofker the maid of honor. Roy
8. White was best man and the ushers
were H. C. Simons, H. E. Skilllcorn, T.
Albert Strowbrldge and Burton H. El
dridge. It; was a pink and white wed
ding, these colors being carried In the
decorations and in the gowns of the
bridesmaids. The bride was gowned in
white satin, trimmed with white tulle,
embroidered In pearls. A full veil of tulle
was held by orange blossoms, and the
bridal bouquet was of white roses. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
m £ d of , honor wore white organdie over
white silk, and the bridesmaids white
Ver Pink. After the ceremony at the
c V u fu 1 rece Ption was held at the home
?£viP c 3 ' s grandmother, Mrs. J. C.
White. 292S Jackson street. The young
couple have gone north on a trip and will
return to the city October 1
h a « r kiJF2!f a i, betl li H - Coe of Ban Francisco
has joined her daughter, Mrs. Alice Coe
»^h ?.' wh h £ s been visiting In the East
Th» v Can . ada for the past live months.
ton IJI v spe £ d the w »nter In Washing
ton and New York.
daughter ot fin. Cecelia Lachman.
daughter of Mrs. Bertha Lachman of ix>s
Usr'w«in an< Jose P n , Hlrech took place
last A\ ednesday evening at the residence
Bro«te° mm ASA S Un , cle ' Lt>0 P ol<l Hirsch, 1618
Broadway. A profusion of pink and white
flowers decorated the rooms. The bride
bro r a Ji«; ndsome traveling costume of
Drown. The ceremony was followed by
an elaborate breakfast, after which Mr.
h^eym rr OO S on H trip Ch *" ■ f ° r a . souther
Miss Lillian Wise of this city andWll
}\VP w T™"? Of , Fresno were married
last Wednesday afternoon ai the resi
dence of the bride's family, 1614 O'Farre 1
street. Rev. Jacob Xieto officiated.
n /> ? eln tel ! I.1 '. re » en t of the University
of California, left San Francisco last
Tuesday evening on a trip to Europe,
where he will attend the meeting of the
International jury at Antwerp which is
to pass upon the plans in architectural
competition for the new university build
5s5 s - \ ie FlllF 111 De one about six months.
Mrs. Michael Castle expects soon to de
pa *tt for Europe, .- be gone a year.
Miss Sophia Pierce will leave this week
RESCUING THE ICE
IMPRISONED WHALERS
BY LIEUTENANT BERTHOLF, U. S. R. S.
Continued from Page 17.
The next day after Jarvls reached
Point Barrow he investigated the state
of affairs there and found that though
in some things the men were pretty
badly off, yet In the matter of food
things were In much better shape than
could have been hoped for last fall.
Charles D. Brower, manager of Liebes
& Co. a whaling station at Cape Smyth
(which is about ten miles south from
Point Barrow), having quite a large
supply of flour and other provisions,
took matters in charge last fall when
it was seen that the vessels could not
get out, ax»d he certainly proved the
man In the emergency, and but for his
care and management there is no doubt
that many would have starved before
the relief expedition reached them.
As it waa, things looked rather blue,
but Brower at once gave up all his
stores and made all his natives go out
into the mountains to kill and bring
in wild deer, and it seemed as if more
than the usual number of deer wan
dered to the coast last winter, for over
1000 were killed by the natives, and this,
together with the seals and whitensh
and ducks killed in the spring, eked
out the food supply so that when Jar
vis reached there there was enough to
last all hands until the latter part of
August, at which time the ships could
reasonably be expected. True, the
dally amount was not bountiful, but
It was sufficient, and when the deer
herd arrived Jarvls was enabled to in
crease the daily ration so that to a
shipwrecked man it seemed a luxury.
In the matter of quarters, however, the
men were in bad shape. Brower took
all he could Into his own houses, and
as his storehouse was full of provisions
he could not put that into requisition.
So he took Kelly's old station, a ho-use
about 50x25 feet, and into this place
seventy-eight men were obliged to be
packed.
The missionary. Dr. R. Marsh, had a
schoolhouse In which he taught the na
tives, but he did not offer the use of
It to the wrecked men. The old Gov
ernment refuge houae, which had been
built to house 100 men In an emergency,
had been sold to the Pacific Steam
"Whaling Company, and by them leased
to E. A. Mcllhenny, who occupied It
laHt winter, but he declined to take in
any but the officers of the wrecked ves
sels. So that, as I have said, seventy
eight men were crowded into the 50x25
feet building, and in such cramped
quarters it was a very difficult matter
to get sufficient ventilation and still
keep the building warm, besides, the
great difficulty of keeping the house
and the men clean. Mr. Brower used
alf his spare lumber in building bunks,
and put two stoves in the house and
arranged for a daily ration of coal and
provisions, and had the men been pro
vided with decent quarters all would
have been well.
When Jarvie arrived there, having
authority from the department to
take charge of affairs, he at once
made such arrangements that twen
ty-five of the men were quartered
in Dr. Marsh's schoolhouse, about
twenty-five others in the old Govern
ment house leased by Mr. Mcllhenny,
and as by this time Brower's store
house had been pretty well emptied, the
rest of the stores were taken out and
the remainder of the seventy-eight
were quartered there. Kelly's old house,
being in a deplorable condition, was
then torn down and used for firewood.
Scurvy had just begun to make its ap
pearance, two men being down with
it and two more threatened, but Dr.
Call soon got the upper hand of the dis
ease and after that such sanitary rules
were established as would prevent a
return of any such trouble. The men
were obliged to take regular exercise,
and when there was no work to be
done they were obliged to go out and
play ball, and a game when the ground
vas covered with snow and the ther
mometer below zero was certainly a
novelty.
The situation of the vessels at this
time was as follows: The Belvedere
in behind the Sea Horse Islands about
45 miles south from Point Barrow; the
Rosarlo close to the point; the Newport
and Fearless about a mile off shore,
fifty miles to the eastward; and the
Jeanie about thirty miles further east
and about four miles off shore, and all,
of course, frozen in.
The Wanderer had made her way to
Herschel Island after she found she
could not get out, and was known to
be all right, as she could draw on the
for the East to resume her studies at
Vassar.
Mrs. A. G. Boothe has returned to the
city, after an absence of several months
at her summer home, Glenwood, in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
Miss Mabel E. Burgess was married on
Friday afternoon at the home of Mrs.
John Doughty, loOS Leavenworth street, to
Alton S. Additon of "Portland, Or., Rev.
D. V. Bowen officiating. Mr. and Mrs.
Additon left on the afternoon train for
Ashland, Or., their future home.
Miss Alice Boggs has returned from Sac
ramento, where she visited during the
fair. She will leave again shortly for her
father's ranch in Colusa. taking with her
a bevy of fair San Francisco girls. It is
her Intention to spend a month in rural
delights, after which she and her mother
will spend the winter in travel.
Dr. and Mrs. Alvinza Hazlehurst left
here on the 13th for the City of Mexico,
where they expect to mnke their home.
The many friends of Mrs. Frances Edg
erton will be pleased to hear that she is
having a most delightful visit with Mrs.
Field at Stabright. Xew Jersey.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Page are occupy
ing apartments at the Hotel Bella Vista,
pending the building of a new home in
the place where the old one now stands.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Shaen will cele
brate their golden wedding at their liomo,
1312 Webster street, this afternoon.
Mr. and Mrs. William Gerstle have re
"turned from their home at San Rafaei
and are occupying their new residence,
2340 Washington street, which was com
pleted during their absence.
Mr. and Mrs.,J. Ounsendorfer, of 1636
Buchanan street, are to have a wooden
wedding celebration to-day, it being the
anniversary of their fifth year of married
life.
Mr. and Mrs. Ed Ackerman will leave
San Francisco early in October for an
extended trip through the East and
South. They will visit Yellowstone Park,
most of the large cities, points of lntei
est along the Atlantic seashore and the
great lakes, and will return to San Fran
cisco In time for Christmas.
Miss Alice Brooks of Santa Monica Is
visiting Mrs. Henry R, Judah of this
city.
Yesterday afternoon there was a recep
tion held at the Maria Kip Orphanage, In
the new building on Lake street and
Seventh avenue, to which all of the
friends of the institution were Invited.
The children entertained the guests with
songs, glees, etc., after which light re
freshments were served.
Miss Rowena M. Tarrant, late soprano
of Trinity Church choir, left for New
York City last Thursday, where she will
remain permanently.
Great preparations are being made at
Burlingame for the horse show which will
be held there next Friday and Saturday,
and which is to be quito a smart affair.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Mackay, who
have been extensively entertained during
their stay in San Francisco, were the
guests of Miss Jennie Flood at Menlo on
Monday. Prince and Princess Poniatow
ski entertained them at San Mateo, and
Mrs. Eleanor Martin gave them a dinner.
A dinner at the Poodle Dog on Wednesday
night and a theater party afterward were
the hospitalities tendered them by Her
man Oelrichs. and Thursday night an elab
orate dinner was given in their honor In
the Red Room of the Bohemian Club by
Horace O. Platt.
supplies at that place. All the crews
of the vessels stayed: by the ships to
save hauling the supplies ashore, ex
cept a portion of the crew of the Bel
vedere, which was sent up to the sta
tion at Cape Smyth because that ves
sel was much shorter as to . provisions
than the* other - snipe. .Rutting-* aside
the fact that the v vessels were caught
in the ice, fortune seemed to smile on
the wrecked men, for besides the deer
that were killed in such numbers the
Navarch, which had been caught in the
icepack and had drifted to the north
west last fall,' drifted .back f ur tines,
and each time supplies were taken out
of her to swell the general store. When
she came in the last time "and was so
close in to the beach all the sleds were
repaired and preparations were made
to get. a good supply of coal ashore
when one morning that vessel was dis
covered to be in flames and nearly con
sumed. Two men of the crew of the
wrecked Orca, who had gone out to her
were accused of having done the deed
by some of the natives, - who had seen
them start the fire, but the men said
they had made a small fire to keep
warm, and it had got beyond their con
trol, and declared they had not done It
intentionally.
This happened before Lieutenant Jar
vis arrived at the point, and, . as Mr.
Brower did not feel he had authority
to punish the men, he was obliged to
let the incident pass, but he states that
ail the circumstances point ;to an in
tention to fire the ship, and thinks the
men did it to get out of hauling the
coal, and this when the coal was in
tended to keep them warm! Of course
all the coal on the Navarch was burned
in the ship, and there was in conse
quence a scarcity of fuel all the win
ter, but the men managed to keep warm
somehow until the weather moderated
in the spring and fires were needed only
for cooking. The food question hav
ing worked itself out with the help of
the deer that the Government had sent
and Jarvis having seen that the men
were as well housed as was possible un
der the conditions, everything went
along smoothly, and all they could do
was to make the best of the situation
and wait as patiently as they could un
til the Bear could get there In the
spring and release them.
i After the Bear ~ had landed the over
land relief expedition on the 16th of last
December she steamed back to Un
alaska, reaching there on the 23d. She
had been ordered to 'winter at this
place so as to be ; all * ready to start
north in the spring as soon as Captain
Tuttle thought the ice would be broken
up enough for him to get into the Arc
tic Ocean. : \ -. :' / ■■■■'■
In the spring everything was got In
readiness, and on the 14th of June the
Bear left Unalaska and started on her
way north. On the 19th she reached
St. Lawrence Island, but, although no
Ice had been seen up to that time, she
was turned back by the ice later In the
day when she tried to reach Indian
Point on the Siberian coast. The next
day Ice was encountered again, but she
finally worked through it to St. Law
rence Bay, Siberia, reaching there on
the 22d. At this place she met the
steam whaler William Bayless, and
learned from her that Lopp had re
turned to Tape Prince of Wales -from
Point Barrow. The following day the
Bear steamed over to Cape Prince of
Wales and Lopp came off and gave
Captain Tuttle all the news of the ex
pedition up to the time he had left
Point Barrow.
Learning that the wrecked men were
badly in need of clothing the Bear
steamed back to St. Michael, where a
supply of underclothing was obtained,
and then proceeded on her way fur
ther north. She reached Point Hope
on the 15th of July, and I came on
board and reported, and, after giving
all the news I had, was more
astonished than I have ever been
in my life before by receiving
in return the news of the war
and the destroying of the Spanish fleet
at Manila, for the Bear was the first
vessel In the Arctic Ocean, and every
thing that had happened since last No
vember was news to us.
On the evening of the 16th the
Bear steamed away again for
Point Barrow. In answer to sig
nals from the shore we anchored off
Point Lay on the evening of the 18th,
and soon a boat came alongside, and
Captain Sherman of the wrecked whaler
Orca, together with several natives
and members of the wrecked vessels,
came on board. They had come down
the coast from Cape Smyth with a let
ter from Jarvis telling Captain Tuttle
of the situation. From Sherman we
learned that the Ice was very heavy to
the northward, and he did not think
we would be able to get much further
at present.
After several fruitless attempts and
setbacks, on the 28th at about 8 o'clock
in the morning we nrmde fast to the
ground ice at Cape Smyth, right oppo
site the station.
Jarvis soon came off and later the
doctor, and right glad we were to see
them and get together again. After he
had made his report to the captain Jar-
HOW TO PROTECT YOUR VOICE.
Del Puente's Jldviee
to Readers of Tfje
Sunday Call.
The author of the most-ta!ked-of
play of the hour is a young
Frenchman, Edmond Rostand. He
is one of the rare sons of genius
who is born with a silver spoon in
his mouth. He has not known the
bitterness of disappointed hopes:
his struggle for recognition and
triumph has been without poverty's
spur. He has wealth, high social
position and personal grace.
THE most distressing ailment with whfch vocalists are afflicted Is what
Is commonly known aa "the frog In the throat." For some unac
countable reason the Impression has hitherto obtained that San Fran
cisco was a favored resort of the übiqultable frog, and it is only of
late that some of the world's most distinguished artists have at
tempted to correct this foolish idea.
I first visited San Francisco as a member of Colonel Mapleson's com
pany. We were warned to beware of the fog, but the attractions of the city
were so enticing that we disregarded the caution, and as a result everybody
had a cold. It first affected the head and gradually worked down until
tone production became almost an Impossibility. "Beautiful city," remarked
Madame Patti, on our way east, "but the night air! Ah! It Is terrible."
Some of the members of the company agreed with the diva, but <yen
then I was not prepared to condemn the San Francisco climate. I thought
perhaps that we had been indiscreet in exposing ourselves and now I am
quite sure that I was rleht. In Odessa, where I once played an engagement,
a carriage, or properly speaking, a "carry all" or sleigh, drove up to the
door of the theater. The ocupants were a lady and gentleman of noble fam
ily. The driver fastened his horses and threw back the robes from the feet
of his master and mistress, but they made no effort to alight. He spoke
to them, but they made no response. They had literally frozen to death on
the journey.
Having this incident In mind, and recollecting that I was in good voice
while in Odessa, I said to myself, "Surely San Francisco cannot be as bad
as Odessa in winter." Later Madame Albanl visited New York after an
engagement on the Pacific Coast. "How did the climate of San Frajicisco
agree with your voice?" I asked her.
"Splendid, ' she replied. "The wind In the afternoon is trying, but you
should not venture out in It until you are acclimated. The air is beautifully
pure and the humidity will do you no harm if you wear proper wraps "
Now that expresses my idea precisely. A singer will leave New York
or Philadelphia where the thermometer Is perhaps 90 In the shade and
make the Journey to San Francisco without stop. When Denver is reached
you feel a peculiar congestion of the respirator^ organs. This hardly
leaves you before San Francisco is reached and you are burdened with a
depressing sensation for dayß after your arrival. Naturally you attnoute
it to the climate. Not so. Exercise ordinary precaution and you need
have no fear. A heavy overcoat, a brisk walk from your hotel to the thea
ter, a careful lookout for draughts behind the curtain and you are safe from
cold.
The air of San Francisco will generate a col' In the head within twen
ty-four hours if the visitor is careless. Treat it as you would an ordinary
cold contracted in the New England States and it will cling to you for
weeks. Take plenty of open-air exercise and you v ill clear your chest in
four days. There is no malaria, no fever germs, nothing injurious In the
San Francisco atmosphere which la not carried away by the afternoon
breezes.
California vocalists are famed abroad for the -onderful consistence of
their voices. They are capable of their best in any climate Mmc Nevada
has created a most profound impression In St. Petersburg and there is a
contrast, you will admit, between the Russian capital and Carson City
Mme. Sanderson, Mme. Barna and scores of Califor'nians whom I could
name are gifted with voices which have advertised the beauties of thit
■wonderful State in every great city of Europe. No! Do not blame the h
mate if you fail to make a hit In San Francisco.
To the young vocalists of California I would say: Do not hesltnta ♦
take plenty of the fresh air which you have in abundance at every w-inVw-
Wrap your chest carefully when going out at night. Walk to and frr,™
your concert hall. Dine not later than 4 o'clock in the afternoon when vn»
are to sing at night. Let one bottle of wine suffice for two IJI
Gentlemen, confine yourselves to not more than five mild cigars a rinv Z»a
avoid cigarettes as you would yellow fever. 6 aay and
GIUSEPPE DEL PUENTE.
vis went ashore again to >send off the
men we were to take down. The next
day most of the men were on board,
but the drift Ice began to get heavy
and we were obliged to move into a
little bight in the ground ice to escape
it The next day. however, the wind
came out from the southward and
Westward, and on the Ist of August the
Bear was jammed tight up against the
ground ice by the par' and we were in
the same position as the vessels were last
fall only there was hope for us because
!t wa£ early and the water was not
freezing The only thing we could do
n™ was to wait for a northeast wind
?o take the pack off shore. On the 3d
the wind increased from the southwest
and there was a pressure so that the
port side of the vessel was pushed in a
Couple of inches. Luckily, however,
the Pressure ceased soon and no serious
damage was done. The Bear was the
first vessel to reach Cape Smyth this
spring, but the day after she got there
the Jeannette came along and made
fist near us, and she was now in the
same fix we were. Inside the ground
Ice there was open water clear to the
beach, and if we could have gotten in
there before the pack came we would
Have been all right. Meanwhile the
Be-vedere had freed herself from the
ice that had made around her during
the winter and was only waiting until
the drift ice cleared from the shoals
outside her to get out and go down.
The Rosarlo had been crushed in a
pressure some time before the Bear ar
rived- the Newport and the Fearless
were in sight in open water close to
Point Barrow and waiting for a chance
to get out, and the Jeannie was still to
be heard from. On the evening of the
3d however, she hove in sight, and as
the ground ice had gone off above
Cape Smyth all three vessels came
down inside and made fast inside the
ridge we were fast to. On the 7th we
tried to blast through the ridge so as
to get inside, but the ice was grounded
in fifteen fathoms of water and powder
had little or no effect on it. There was
now a long succession of unfavorable
winds and calms until the 15th, when
the pack began to loosen and by mid
night there was only about 50 yards of
Ice outside of us. The next morning
the ice freed from around the Jean
nette, but it was keyed in around us
and it took four hours of backing and
filling under full steam for the Bear to
clear herself, but we finally got out at
noon on the 16th and steamed to the
southward. Meanwhile the Newport,
Fearless and Jeannie had gone down In
side to clear water and were waiting
for us to get out and give them a sup
ply of provisions and coal, so they
could get down'to Port Clarence, where
their tender was waiting for them.
After giving the vessels sufficient coal
and provision to last them till they got
to a place they could procure more the
Bear steamed 'away to the southward,
having on board 93 officers and sailors
of the wrecked vessels. We reached
Point Hope on the 20th of August,
where we picked up nine more; the
crew of the schooner Louise J. Ken
ney,- which had gone ashore at this
place. This made 101 in all. Two of
these were shipped on the Northern
Light when we stopped in Kotzebue
Sound on our way down and six more
left us at St. Michael when we reached
that place on the 25th of August. We
left St. Michael on the following day
and reached Unalaska on the 31st. after
a very rough passage and a sucesston
of head winds. Here we shipped two
more of the wrecked men on the Eng
lish ship Ilala. thus leaving 91 now on
board to be landed at Seattle. Al
though the Bear made a very quick
passage up to Cape Smyth and had
good weather from there down to St.
Michael, our good fortune deserted us
after we left that place, for we have
been having head winds nearly all the
time and the passage has been a very
rough one. But here we are again,
after an absence of nine months and a
half, with a consciousness of having
successfully performed the task al
lotted to us. E. P. BERTHOLF.
TEDDY ROOSEVELT
AT WORK, AT WAR
AND AT HOME
Continued from Page Twenty-one.
SsSuS
Sone™ CC hh ° a mmlSS '° - Other ; Commis
sioners have come and - gone and their
records are more or less prosaic, but
the history of Theodore Roosevelt
and «l?vi. JuL ?i ctu , res( lvl ve ' dramatic
and _ alive with the intensity of the
man s nature, an intensity which differ
entiates him at every, step of his career
from his predecessors or successors. As
Police Commissioner Mr. : Roosevelt
, / ADVERTISEMENTS. J.f;
-H -■-■-■^-■-■-B-b-b-b-h-B-B -■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
CITY OF j|jj| PARIS
PRY GOODS COMPANY.
NEVA/ AND EXCLUSIVE ,
COLORED DRESS GOODS
FOR AUTUMN IA/EAR.
:';.:.. We are showing m most COMPLETE, and MAGNIFICENT AS-
SORTMENT of all the VERY LATEST FABRICS for the-, SEASON.
- PHENOMENAL success of our "SATIN VENETIAN" CLOTH
made EXPRESSLY for the City of Paris. >%. * ' - -'
We offer the following SPECIALS for this week,
which are EXTRAORDINARY good value: \
82-inoh Extra Haary .T willed Covert Amazon, new colorings, ■•'•• "
e^.OO Pull Suit
•47-lnoh All-wool Oatmeal Cloth, solid colors, 15 New Shade*, r
■ :'■ . ' .'• ~ •'• "■ : '■'' ■■ -■,'. & <4- 1 SO :f* till Suit*
44-!noh Imported French " Eplngle," a very stylish fabric, in all th
... latest tints, ; V •■ ; ■ . .■.■ - • . •.;. r -; ..:■••
$9.00 Full Suit.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary ; and Stockton Streets, S. F. '•/',"-'•
UNION SQUARE. ' ' '""""'
made New York seethe with excitement
for a year. Disguised, he visited at
I night the various precincts, seeing for
himself and testing the probity and
capability of his corps. By day he
fought the other Police Commissioners,
! he upset old-time rul§s and enforced
j old-time "blue laws." j
The sixth phase of Mr. Roosevelt's
i career wa"s brief, but most satisfactory,
! and was embraced in the short time of
his service as Assistant Secretary of
! the NaVy. A story so characteristic of
j the man as the one related of him in
I Washington at a recent dinner party
; largely made up of army and navy
j officers is worth repeating. It was said
! that Mr. Roosevelt, shortly after his
! appointment to office, asked for an ap
j propriation of $SOO,OOO for ammunition,
i powder and shot for the use of the
I navy. This appropriation was made,
. and a few months later the Assistant
l Secretary of the Navy made another
I application. This time he requested
t $500,000. When he was examined by the
I proper authorities in connection with
I the application he was asked what had
j been done with the first $800,000 worth
• of ammunition.
Looking through his spectacles, Mr.
: Roosevelt said, blandly: "Every cent
| of it has been used in buying powder
and shot for practice, and every bit of
the powder and shot has been fired."
He was then asked what he was going
I to do with the $500,000 he had recently
j requested, and he replied, with the
I same vigor and determination and also
! with characteristic sweetness:
"Going to use every ounce of that,
too. within the next thirty days in prac
tice shooting."
A prominent navy man, who told the
story, said: "How much the magnifi
cent shooting of the American navy
was due to this costly but necessary
practice it is impossible for us to say
precisely."
The seventh phase of Mr. Roosevelt's
career we all know. As colonel of the
magnificent regiment of Rough Riders
he has shown himaelf to be true to his
! own ideal, and his country has been
quick to recognize it and show its ap
preciation of his heroism.
The Roosevelt homestead is an Ideal
country seat, and the Roosevelt family
a very old one in the neighborhood of
Oyster Bay. The house is large, home
like and countrified — quite unpreten
tious. It crowns the very topmost peak
of Sagamore Hill.
At Oyster Bay Mr. Roosevelt's inter
est is in his home, and his greatest di
version he finds in the pranks of his
babies, who all resemble their father.
When very younc Mr. Roosevelt mar
ried a Miss Alicp Lee of Boston, who
lived but two years, and died leaving a
little daughter, now nearly grown. Mr.
Roosevelt's present wife was Miss
Edith Carow, who had always been an
intimate friend of the Roosevelt fam
ily. Mrs. Roosevelt is a most accom
plished and charming woman — a firm
believer in her husband's talents and
remarkable ability, and more ambi
tious for him than he perhaps is for
himself. Mrs. Roosevelt is of medium
height, with fair complexion, dark eyes
and hair, %vith a wonderful charm of
manner. She dresses very simply, al
ways in the latest fashion, wears few
jewels and only very handsome ones.
While Mrs. Roosevelt is unquestionably
the greatest spur to her husband in his
public career, and while her ambition
for him is unbounded, she herself
shrinks from publicity or public activ
ity in every form. There are six little
Roosevelts, and a r'<"ht of these romp
ing, fair-haired, bare-legged, joyous
children clambering about their father
is one calculated to inspire confidence
unlimited in the man who as soldier
was equally beloved by cowboys and
dudes and as husband and father is so
frankly idolized. When one first ap
proaches the Roosevelt home at Oyster
Bay the impression is that there are
more children and do"~ about the place
than one has seen for many a long year
in a family group. Children ranging
from all ages, apparently from the baby
in arms to the lad of 11 or 12, all happy,
free and unrestrained, full of energ-y
and sunshine, and on terms of most
absolute freedom with both parents,
dancing about and around mother and
father, it is certainly a domestic pic
ture to linger over.
Next to wife and children Mr. Roose
velt apparently is on most intimate
terms with a half dozen or more mag
nificent speciments of dogs. Little and
big, the dogs have the freedom of the
house. In spite of his years of celebrity,
Theodore Roosevelt is still a very young
man. His career as a politician has
Ween interrupted by literan- work of
value. He has written a history of the
naval battles of 1812, descriptions of
hunting trips of a ranchman, a history
of New York and many papers on var
ious questions of politlcr and outing
exercises.
Indeed, of himself Mr. Roosevelt
says: "Literature is my profession. Any
usefulness that I may have depends in
my view upon my willingness to quit
politics at any time. If the people want
me in politics I gladly accept the trust.
The fundamental proposition of the
new system is that every American citi
zen has a right to serve the public (pro
vided that his services are needed), if
on his merits he is able to show that he
is the man most capable of filling the
position he seeks, and all he is required
to do is to show this superior capacity
in fair competition with other American
citizens. In other words, the system is
one of common honesty and of fair play
for all, and therefore it is essentially
American and essentially democratic."
It says plainly enough if Theodore
Roosevelt is the man who has shown a
superior capacity in fair competition
with other American citizens to serve
the public in a position he believes he
has the right to seek, well and good.
Theodore Roosevelt will do his honest
best to gain the position and to fill it
honorably.
As to the purity of Mr. Roosevelt's
motives, not even his fiercest antagon
ists can doubt.Fancies in Early Fall Fashions
Special to the Sunday Call.
MEW YORK, Sept. 16.— There Is a
story told of a famous London
beauty, who, coming back to
town In August, found herself in
a sad predicament. Calling upon
the beautiful Lady Brooke, now the
< nintess of Warwick, ehe threw herself
up«D the shoulder of Lady Brooke and
l urst Into tears. Lady Brooke, much
is '.armed, asked the cause of her distress.
"My de«r friend," she sobbed, pitifully,
' 1 am disfigured. My face is covered with
Hatches and sun spots. I shall die of
: i unification if 1 am compelled to exhibit
my complexion to the gaze of the public."
"Be comforted, my dear," said her lady
sbipt reassuringly. "You can disguise your
complexion. Go at once to your milliner
and order her to make for you a dosen
Stf.ndsome veils. Direct her to distribute
large figures throughout the veils, and
when you go out to <lri\.> wear a figured
veil over your in.cc. When you go to walk
drape a figured veil from your hat brim.
Never appear without one of these dotted
veils, ;uiil soon you will have- all London
■wearing dots and figures."
The beauty took her friend's advice, and
by Beptember the fashion writers were
telling of the "strange fad" which had
arisen in England's exclusive set, for the
wearing of voils with large disfiguring
dots' upon them.
Whether it be for the disguising of her
ruined complexion or for oddity's sake,
the autumn woman has taken to wearing
the figured veil, and it is really surnrlslng
to note in how many different styles so
simple a tiling as a veil can be made.
Fancy a very thin veil of the latest gauze
materials dotted with small animals which
look not unlike large bugs. They are sup
posed to be turtles, but they are sad mis
representations of the hard-shelled, deli-
cacy.
One turtle hat and veil were bo thor
oughly turtleized that the animals were
appllqued upon the crown of a very large
pudding-bag hat, and the veil was* freeiy
spotted with them.
This is odd, though not quite as notice
able as the endless chain veil, which con
sists of circles, one outside of the other,
'Irawn round and round In a never-ending
chain of silk.
The endless chain veil is quite easy to
make. With a yard of veiling material
and a spool of coarse black silk any wo
man can make an endless chain veil for
herself. The veiling should be stretched
very tightly before the work Is begun
Then, in short, loose stitches, the chain 3
are worked. The thread Is carried round
and round until a figure about the size of
a silver dollar is completed. The thread
is then cut without being fastened; and
another chain is begun, and so on until
the whole veil is figured.
But that is not as strange as the rose
veil, which is. upon anytnlng but an ex
tremely pretty face, actually disfiguring.
You can buy the rose veils, but they are
very expensive; and even to make one for
yourself costs a considerable amount, yet
for those who like oddity it repays all.
One of the most noticeable of these wa.s
made upon coarse net. Immense black
lace roses out of Nantilly lace were ap
pliqued upon coarse black net. The effect
was most startling, but the girl who wore
it was a natural lieauty; and so the veil
was pronounced pretty in spite of its ten
dency of disfigurement.
To make this veil still more noticeable
the young woman wore a straw hat turned
up all around In turban fashion. Directly
In the front there were two big roses, one
standing above the other; and above the
rose stood a branch of green with a rose
tipping the branch.
It is related that the London beauty who
consulted Lady Brooke in her complexion
dilemma was advised to wear the veil un
til her complexion had heaied. Meanwhile
she used a vigorous course of lemon and
sweet milk. Sweet milk heavily salted is
•xcellent for a ruined Bummer complexion.
TAU.OS MADE DRESS OF LAVENDER LINEN.
THE ENDLESS CHAIN VEIL.
followed an hour later by Jemon juice;
and while the veils were being worn day
times, the salted sweet milk was being
vigorously applied at night. Lady Brooke
herself advised It. and what such a beauty
advises cannot be neglected. At the end
of six weeks it is whispered that the com
plexlon was cured and the veils discarded.
All London marveled at the wonderful
complexion of the beauty, and at her self
sacrifice in so long concealing her pretty
face from the London people.
Hut the autumn veil will have a run
longer than six weeks this year, unless
Dame fashion prates falsely. The veils
are too pretty and too becoming to be
put aPlde so soon. Their oddity— if not
too odd— can be turned to personal beautl
fieation. The hour glass veil, for instance,
is both ornamental and beautiful. Hour
glass velvet cornea to wear with the hour
glass veils, and when a hat is worn of
hour glass velvet a veil of the same pat
tern Is put around it.
.The art of putting on a veil belongs to
the Paris woman,, fof it la only she who
can drape a veil exactly as It should be.
I he art of putting on a veil Is to catch it
securely when drawing it across the face.
Nothing is uglier than a veil- which
pinchfs the skin and nothing more slov
enly than the one which is falling off.
The first rule given by a Paris milliner
to her patron is to fasten the veil in front
before pinning it on the sides. Beautiful
little jeweled pins come for this purpose,
and the veil is caught upon the hat brim
w-ith the handsomest pin that one can
find. If the hat brim is very large the
veil Is again fastened at the sides, al
ways to tjie.very brim of the hat. The
ends are again brought back to the side
and are twisted upder the hat brim out
of sight; or maybo, if the veil is very
handsome, the ends are tied and are thus
made to form a part of the hat decora
tion.
Beautiful veil pins are seen this year
in the form of strange birds. To pin the
veil, you pinch the wings of the bird to
gether. As you do so tiny hooks fly apart.
When the wings are released the hooks
clasp and the veil Is held securely.
In buying a veil never make the mis
take of getting too little. New Yorkt
milliners say that thts is the prevailing
sin of their patrons. The temptation to
save a "quarter" and buy a veil a little
too short is almost overpowering among
women. If the saleswoman recommends
a yard of veiling a woman will look at it
critically and finally decide that she needs
only three-quarters of a yard. The result
is a ruined veil — one that can never be
made to look nice.
For a small hat a yard of veiling is
needed; for a large one a yard and a half
should be purchased. This leaves plenty
for the drawing up at the back. If the
veil is to be very long the front is first
gathered by those who want a full hang.
In gathered veils nearly a quarter of a
yard should be added to the length. The
ends of a veil can always be trimmed
with lace and made to serve as an orna
ment upon the back of the hat.
Very large combs are used, and these
are of grout assistance in holding the
veil in place, as well as In keeping on the
hat. The comb Is firmly set in the back
braid before the hat is put on. The hat
is then pressed against it and set well in
place before the hat pins are driven in.
The veil is put on last, and its ends are
securely tucked behind the tall comb.
Some of these new combs are fully
eight Inches tall, and it is surprising to
learn that these are intended for the
street. To make them still higher many
women wear them half pressed into the
hair so that an Inch of the teeth of the
comb Is visible. The materials are am
ber, amberine. tortoise and the many
beautiful shades of bone. Sterling silver
combs are also worn, but only for
the house, as they are too showy and
brilliant for street wear. This applies
only to the very large variety. Small
combs are always fahionable, and one
sees them in great numbers and variety in
both silver and gold.
They are wearing jet combs, jetted In
the old way. A small rubber comb is
covered with Jet beads put on with black
Filk. The beads are strung in long chains
and the chains are twisted around the
back of the comb until it is covered with
beads. HELEN WARD.
PARIS
FASHIONS
Special to The Sunday Call.
THERE Is little to be seen now at
the Paris dressmakers'. Their au
tumn models are not yet out, and
they only have on hand dresses
made to order from models already
known.
Among the designs most frequently re
peated during the present season are
those of dresses in Irish guipure, foulard
and linen, or of embroidered tulle inlaid
with lace.
Here is a description of some of the
dresses of this class seen at Fred's, the
dressmaker in the Rue Royale.
The dress on the top of this page is of
Liberty satin foulard, with a whitfc
ground printed with an irregular design,
with spots at intervals in black. The skirt
is very tight all round the figure, the full
ness beginning very low down. It is long
and has a Bhort train. The lower
part. 30 centimeters from the bottom, is
trimmed, with fpur very narrow flounces
of the name material, but with the pat
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STTNDAT, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
tern horizontal and edged with narrow
butter-colored lace. The corsage, which
is very simple, is composed of pleats set
horizontally, and is made with shawl lap
els, coming to a point at the waist, faced
with white satin and trimmed with yel
low lace, and the front between them is
of English application lace. The neck
trimming is of the same lace, with a soft
bow beneath the chin. The upright col
lar of the corsage is also lined with white
satin mixed with yellow insertion. The
sleeves, which are quite tight, are orna
mented in the upper part with five nar
row flounces edged with narrow lace, and
two similar flounces around the wristß,
widening over the hand in funnel shape.
The waistband is of pink, black and
white faille ribbon, fastening in a bow on
the left side. The hat designed to com
plete the costume is of white .straw, three
cornered, with the brim turned up all
around, and a round crown encircled by
a band of black velvet. In front is a
tuft of four black ostrich feathers, set in
a strass buckle.
A simple, airy promenade gown was
made of corn-colored veiling over the
same shade of taffeta.
The skirt was trimmed with ruches of
deeper yellow veiling that formed a dia
mond pattern. The pattern continued over
the entire front of the skirt and formed a
border at the back and sides.
The corsage of the veiling opened over a
full vest of thistle purple veiling. The
edges of the corsage bordering on the
vest were cut in diamond scallops and
were edged with the deeper colored ruch
ing that formed a diamond pattern over
the entire front of the corsage.
A sash of the purple veiling was plaited
into a narrow ceinture and knotted at
the back where the ends reached to the
bottom of the skirt. The sleeves were
plain and close fitting, with a frill of the
veiling at the wrists. The collar was a
high, straight affair, covered plain with
the veiling.
A big picture hat of deep purple straw
was worn with .this gown. It had a
wreath of primrose under the brim rest-
Ing on tho nair. The crown was covered
with several shades of purple veiling and
deep purple tips.
All of these promenade gowns have a
decided little train that gives a graceful
line to the figure, though they are any
thing else but comfortable for a prome
nade. Good form prevents a woman from
being too fussy about her train, and yet
she must protect It from the damp grass
and dusty walks to preserve the freshness
of her gown. When she considers It per
missible at all, the usual French woman
holds her train up directly in the back,
fathering it with a firm grasp a little
clow the waistband.
A promenade gown of foulard had a
cream background, with a Japanese pat
tern In Dresden blue covering it closely.
The skirt fell in clinging full gore that
were especially numerous at the back. It
was trimmed around with four broad
bands of white moire ribbon bordered on
the lower edges. They all formed points
at the front of the skirt, and above the
highest band "motifs" in Bruges lace
were appliqued over the skirt.
Treatment for Facial Blemishes
This department ir for the benefit if all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you pleacc and sign any
name that you choose. Address all communications to Lme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francsico.
COMEDONES, or "blackheads," as
they are commonly called, are the
dread of girlhood and the bane of
many a woman's existence. More
than two-thirds of the letters that
reach me send up a pitiful wail for some
remedy for this mildew of the face. To
my mind there is no facial blemish quita
so distressing, for they seem to savor so
of uncleanliness.
There are several ways of getting rid
of them, but even after the little black
speaks have disappeared there arises the
question as to the treatment necessary to
be forever rid of them. Perhaps if every
one understood thoroughly their cause,
the remedy would be the clearer.
Few of US' are apt to reulize it, but the
skin is constantly undergoing the process
of reproduction and decay. The little
ducts or pores of the skin are constantly
secreting and ' discharging perspiratory
and oily matter upon the surface of the
face, the skin of which also throws off its
dead scurf in tiny particles. While these
various oils and sebaceous matter are ac
cumulating upon the skin, they attract,
from their oleaginous character, floating
dust and dirt. If not kept perfectly clean
the glands or pores of the skin become
clogged by these accumulations and the
skin is unable to piYform its functions.
With its numerous oil glands the face ia
particularly susceptible to the line dust
that floats about in the air. The accumu
lations in the pores gradually harden and
thua distend the tiny openings.
In all cases of skin disease where the
pores are clogged the matter must be set
free. Steaming the face several times a
week is very excellent for this purpose.
Steam until every unimpeded pore is in
an active condition, and the contents of
the inactive ones are softened. Then
gently press out each little black speck
with the fingernails, well protected with
a flne handkerchief. If the little specks
are not ready to come, then leave them
until another time, as squeezing will but
irritate them and increase their number.
The easiest way to steam the face Is to
fill a deep china bowl with boiling water,
envelop the head in a sheet folded four
times and then hold the face over the
rising steam, tucking the sheet closely
around, bo that none of the vapor will
Ths corsage was a blouse opening at
the front. It had a long square yoke com
posed of the figured foulard laid in nar
row plaits bordered with a band of the
white moire ribbon. The close fitting
sleeves and high collar were composed
entirely of the plaited foulard. A jabot
of Bruges lace began at the collar, and
continuing down the front of the corsage
was caught into the ceinture of white
moire ribbon.
CARE OF
KID GLOYES
£=Tr=3HERE are three things," saith the
proverb, "which can only be man
[[ aged by coaxing— a kid glove, a fire
and a man."
Certainly all three require gentle meth
ods. Rough handling is especially disas
trous to kid gloves; Jerking them on Is
certain to tear them. Always put on a
pair of new kid gloves for the first time
long enough before they are to be worn
to allow of due deliberation In the task.
Much depends upon the way in which this
is done. When you purchase a pair of
fine gloves Insist that they shall be fitted
in the store; then if there are any flaws
they will be detected before the gloves
are paid for and taken away.
Cheap gloves are always a risk, and
should never be bought except at a relia
ble store.
Some of the best shops keep a good line
of gloves at low prices,, which are well
worth buying for common wear. They
are strong and well made, though not
fine, and serve excellently well for shop
ping and morning walks or for bad
weather.
In putting on a glove, always be careful
to get each finger straight. Coax each
one on by rubbing gently between finger
and thumb, and do not draw on the
thumb until the fingers are down to the
very ends.
Two Trimmed Fa" SKirts.
In taking off, turn the wrist over the
fingers and take hold of the ends of the
fingers through the wrist; it wears a
glove out badly to pull it off by catching
at the finger ends. Pull the glove into
shape and lay away carefully. Keep silk
to match each shade, and mend as Boon
as a break appears. The old proverb, "a
stitch In time save nine." is especially ap
propriate to gloves. Glove mending Is
delicate work, which requires both skill
and dexterity, and when wM done pays
admirably for the pains taken.
A flask of glove powder should form
one of the adjuncts to every toilet table,
and a pretty glove stretcher is another.
French women say that American moth
ers fail sadly in the respect that they do
not instruct their daughter in the art ot
putting on thr-ir gloves.
"American girls," they say, "come
downstairs pulling their gloves on as
they go. Now, a French woman never
BY MME. HYGEIA.
escape. The face must be washed thor
oughly and smeared with cold cream be
fore the steaming operation begins. It
should also be followed by a careful
washing nnd massage with cold cream.
An excellent cream for this purpose is
made from the following ingredients:
Pure white wax, Mi ounce.
• Spermaceti, I*4 ounces.
Sweet almond oil, I*4 ounces.
Rose water, \ ounce.
Every night that the face is not steamed
give it a good scrubbing with a. camel's
hair face scrubbing brush, castile soap
and tepid water, afterward m;issaging
with the cold cream. If the steaming is
not resorted to, toilet soft soap is no bad
application for blackheads. It is easily
made by melting half a bar of pure cas
tile soap in three cupfuls of hot water
and while warm adding one tablespoonful
of pure liquid ammonia and half a tea
spoonful of borax. Flub well into the
pores, rinse in clear tepid water, with a
teaspoonful of lemon juice In it. and
then rub the cold cream well into the
skin. The result of this treatment will
mako the face look worse for a time, but
If persisted In the most obstinate cases
will gradually yield.
In addition to the treatment, the entire
round of health must be attended to, not
for a season but as the habit of life.
The entire body must be kept clean,
for if soap is used upon the face and
the rest of the body neglected it will
draw humors to the part that 1b stimu
lated t:ie most. So, take a daily tepid
sponge bath, two hot baths a week,
scrubbing the entire body briskly with a
flesh brush. Take plenty of outdoor ex
ercise, eat lots of fruit, avoid all greasy
rich foods, and sleep in a room that is
well ventilated.
After the pores have been thoroughly
emptied of the matter that clogged thorn,
and the irritation has entirely passed, If
the pores are left coarse and gaping
this sulphur wash will clear the skin and
at the same time slowly draw the pores
closer together.
SULPHUR WASH.
Precipitated sulphur, 1 dram.
Ether, 4 drams.
Alcohol, 3^ ounces.
This must be used as. a wash, and
Bhaken before every application. Re
member this— there la nothing bo abso
lutely necessary In the removal of black
thinks of leaving her room until she has
put on her gloves any more than she
would crime out buttoning her shoes.
This is why a Parisienne's gloves last her
four times as long as do an American's.
Buttoning gloves should never be done
in a hurry. The wrist should be gently
and carefully pulled straight, and the but
tons insinuated gently into the holes.
T'se a glove buttoner always; it ruins
both the buttonholes and the finger ends
to button them without. The loop but
toner is better than the ordinary hooks.
When you buy a new pair of gloves, al
ways sew the buttons on before wearing,
then the annoyance of having the but
tons drop off when you are in full toilet
will be avoided. If your gloves lace, be
careful to lace them evenly, hook oppo
site to hr>ok. This is ns necessary or
more so with gloves than with shoes or
a bodice, and is just as disastrous to th«
lit of one as of the other.
LATEST
NOVELTIES.
ANEW Idea in handkerchiefs is to
sell them in series of seven, one
for each day in the week; the
name of each is embroidered in
white on differently colored cambric for
each day.
Bright colored silks are used to em
broider small flowers, such as violets and
daisies, on whfte cambric handkerchiefs.
The 1 new trimming's show conclusively
that plain goods will be the vogue for
some time to oome. The prominent feat
ure of these is that they: will afford the
necessary color to the sober hues of the
plain materials on which they are to be
applied.
Passementeries have airy open designs,
chenille effects and brilliant colorings in
spangles, beads and tinsel. In garniture
the fronts in black net are mucn in evi
dence with floral, spray and bow knot
patterns, showing jewels, pearl cabochons,
pteel, aluminum and gilt thread, beads,
plain and iridescent, spangles, motifs In
moussellne and gold net. appllqued on
the black, and richly shaded chenille for
flowers and leaves.
Gilt and silver spiral wire and alumin
um spangles are liberally used. Flowers
in si.k embroidery are raised by padding
and covered with gold netting. Violet,
light green and turquoise colors are prom
inent. Revers will evidently be unquali
fied favorites, for trimmings designed to
cover them are many and beautiful.
In pearl passementerie a cream color
prevails. Festoons of pearls are shown
and pointed yokes of crystal and pearl.
Epaulets to match many of the fronts
are made; these are worked with colored
spangles and chenille imbrications. In
Mack soutache passementerie there are
charming Astrakan effects, though all are
light in effect.
heads as frequent bathing of the entire
body. The daily bath is of the utmost
hygienic importance in all facial erup
tions, and, as a direct beautifler of the
face it has no equal. The fact that baths
lead to beauty is arrived at by the clear
est process of deduction. It is this: Baths
moan cleanliness, cleanliness means
health, health means beauty, and there
you are!
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
ALBION— I would suggest that you use
BWWrt almond oil with the mutton tallow,
combining it in the proportion of one
third of the oil to two-thirds mutton tal
low. Melt them together, stirring with a
silver spoon, until the two ingredients are
thoroughly incorporated. If you wish to
perfume it, you can add, drop by drop,
while it Is still hot, a few drops of attar
of rose. Stir it until it begins to cool. Of
course, you can increase the quantity of
almond oil, so as to make the tallow of
whatever consistency you desire.
PERALTA- Please read directions
given to Jupiter for falling hair and
dandruff. Clip the split ends whenever
you shampoo the hair. A curling: fluid Is
for the purpose of keeping the hair in
curl, and the hair should be dampened
with It before being put up on rids or
papers. Here is a good one: Gum traga
canth \Vz drams; proof spirit, 3 ounces:
attar of rose, 3 drops; distilled water, 7
ounces. The condition of your scalp and
nails indicates poor health. For the white
spots on the nails make a paste of re
fined pitch and myrrh, mixed together.
This should be put on at night, and In
the morning rubbed off with olive oil.
ELIZABETH E.-I should judge that
the trouble with your hair is mainly from
defective circulation and absence of the
nourishment so necessary to the roots. I
would advise ten minutes of massage
every night. Brush out the dust first,
then dip the fingers in warm olive oil
and rub on to the scalp. For answer to
your second question see to-day's beauty
talk.
VALERIE— See answers to Troubled
One and Elizabeth E. In the Sunday Call
of September 11. A good cold cream made
THE FULL SKIRT OF THE AUTUMN WOMAN.
from the best materials will not make
hair grow upon the face. It is the cheap
creams bought in the shops that have
that heartrending effect.
MRS. H. SAUNDERS— In reply to Ida
M. you will find the formula you ask for.
BLOS&OM R.— To whiten and heal the
cracked hands, melt equal parts of refined
white wax, oil of sweet almonds and co
coa butter. Rub this thoroughly into the
hands before retiring and draw over them
a pair of old loose gloves from which the
ends of the fingers have been cut. I do
not know exactly what you mean by a
"pink complexion." Most women are
Btriving for a white complexion. If you
will make your question more explicit I
shall be delighted to answer it.
JOAN OF ARC— There is a formula for
smelling salts: Carbonate of ammonia
(crushed), 1 pound; oil of lavender, 1 fluid
ounce; oil of bergamot, 1 fluid ounce; oil
of cloves, 2 fluid drams; oil of cassia,
1 fluid dram. Rub them , thoroughly to
gether, sublime at a very gentle heat into
a well-cooled receiver and at once put the
product into a well-stoppered bottle. The
sublimation may be omitted, but the
quality of the salts will suffer. Of course
you can. reduce _the jjuahtity as you
choose, only keeping the proportions.
A. and Z.—A. lotion of half glycerine and
half lemon juice will whiten the dark
neck, and cocoanut oil liberally rubbed
into the skin each night will gradually
fill out the hollows about the collar bones.
I would not advise cocoanut oil for the
face unless it is simply an ingredient in a
cream or skin food. Used in its full
strength it Is very likely to make line
hairs grow on the face.
VIRGINIA — I have many times in these
columns refused to give .formulas for hair
dyes. Most of them contain sugar of lead,
which is most poisonous, although it does
not act injuriously upon all scalps, but
there are cases on record where lead pal
sy, lead colic and fatal poisoning have re
sulted from hair dyes containing lead. No
dye is permanent. With each washing of
the head a portion of it washes off until
none remains. This lotion, while not a
dye, may bring a deeper hue to your
tresses: Sulphate of iron (crushed), 1
dram; rectified spirits, 1 fluid ounce; oil
of rosemary, 10 drops; pure distilled wa
ter, Vi pint. Mix thoroughly. In using
anything of this sort always experiment
on a small strand of the hair.
M. A. R. — I certainly cannot recommend
kerosene as a wash for the hair. Of
course, it is the oil In it that causes the
comb to slip so easily through the hair.
As the hair is harsh and falling in such
quantities, I would advise massaging the
scalp gently each night with pure olive oil
which has been slightly warmed. Wash
every two or three weeks with the fol
lowing liquid soap: Cut in very small
shavings one half pound of pure imported
castile soap. Place in a porcelain vessel
with two quarts of boiling water. Let it
simmer until every particle of the soap is
thoroughly dissolved. When cold it should
be of the consistency of rather thin
cream, and if thicker add more warm
water. Stir in one-fourth pint of alcohol
and then let stand several days in a
warm room. All the alkali and impurities
will Bettle to the bottom, and the liquid
will be as clear as crystal. Pour off very
carefully, leaving the residue for kitchen
purposes. Add one-fourth ounce of es
sence of verbena. Use this as a shampoo,
and, after rinsing the hair thoroughly in
several waters, if it is still difficult to get
the comb through it, rub, a very little
brilliantine or olive oil on it before comb
ing. If this does not remedy the difficulty
MANILA STRAW HAT DRAPED WITH
TULLE, WHITE WINGS.-
By Michnlewlcz-Tuvee.
write to me again, and I will suggest
something else.
IDA M.— You will find your question
fully answered In to-day's beauty talk.
For the wrinkles under the eyes massage
every night with the following skin food:
Spermaceti, ounce; white wax. V»
ounce; sweet almond oil, 1 ounce; simple
tincture of benzoin, 10 drops; orange
flower water, 1 ounce. This will not cause
hairs togrow upon the face.
ELECTRA— Sage tea is excellent for
hair that is falling. Olive oil is also good.
It is hard to say which is the better, not
knowing the particular needs of your
hair. If it is very oily, then I should pre
fer the sage tea. Take a handful of tno
leaves and boil them into a tea. Make
it good and strong. Add a tablespoonful
of alcohol to the pint. Use It as you would
any tonic, applying to the roots of the
hair at night, just before going to bed.
The page tea Is a splendid invigorator,
and I feel certain will start the hair to
growing in again. It will keep a long time,
as, the alcohol preserves it. The only
thing I can suggest to remedy the dis
tended nostrils is to gently pinch them
together many times a day. See beauty
talk for information about blackheads.
Whereas in some cases tliese blemishes
respond quickly to treatment, in others
they are must "obstinate and require much
patience.
CEClL— Massage the bust with cocoa
nut oil, dashing it afterward with tepid
water in which a small piece of alum has
been dissolved. Do this each night.
HELEN C— Please read foregoing repiy
to Elizabeth E. Take care not to get the
oil on the hair itself, as it will make it
very oily.
VANITY— It is much easier to banish
freckles than it is to prevent them from
returning. The permanent removal of
freckles has baffled the skill of all der
matologists. I certainly would not advise
you to take iron, as it is the iron in the
blood, little partick-s of which find their
way through the drainage tract of the
skin and deposit themselves just under
the surface of the scarf skin, that, acted
upon by the light, darkens into the dis
coloratlons called freckles. The very best
remedy I know of for freckles is the sim
ple combination of fifteen grains of borax
to two tablespoonfifls of fresh lemon
juice. Dip a bit of absorbent cotton Into
the mixture and dab lightly over- the face
every night, also after coming in from the
sunshine. Never use soap before going out
of doors or just after coming in. After
getting:- rid of the freckles the only way I
know of to prevent them from returning
is to smear the face with cold cream be
fore going out, powder liberally with a
pure powder and wear a good thick veil.
ADRlAN— Formula for skin food Is
given in reply to Ida M. Massaging with
this will help remove the crows' feet, also
prevent wrinkles from forming. When
the whites of the eyes are not clear as
they should be it is usually a symptom of
biliousness. Some good alterative will
remedy that. A skillful masseuse will
certainly not cause the flesh to become
loose and flabby. On the contrary, the
flesh should become more firm.
LILLIAN— It is absolutely impossible to
keep some skins smooth and in a healthy
condition without using a good cream or
skin food. Follow the direction given in.
STRAW HAT TRIMMED WITH MUSLIN,
WHITE WINGS.
By Gulllard Soeurs.
the beauty talk to-day, and I feel confi
dent that the complexion which Is a
source of so much annoyance to you now
will soon blossom forth into a thing of
beauty and delight.
JESSIE A.— lf you will send me a
st?«nped addressed envelope I will give
you the information you desire.
MAGGIE ANDERSON — The electric
needle is the only thing that will perma
nently remove superfluous hair.
TO SECURE
SHIRT WAISTS
SHIRT waists have an uncomfort
able fashion of slipping up in the
back, which is especially disagree
able to the girl who prides herself
upon being well-groomed.
There is one way, and one only, of keep
ing them down effectually. For this make
a band three inches long and just enough
wider than the belt of the shirt waist to
allow room to stitch it on easily and leave
it as wide as the belt. Work two but
ton holes in it and attach it firmly to the
belt of the shirt waist, exactly in the mid
dle of the back, on the outside. Now sew
two flat buttons on the skirt to match the
button holes. When buttoned the waist
and skirt will be kept together easily
without strain or danger of separating.
The buttons should be flat, such as are
used for men's underwear— pearl buttons
for wash skirts and black trousers but
tons for dark woolen skirts.
By this simple contrivance all danger of
tearing the skirt by pinning is avoided,
and the work once rlone is lasting.
BLOWING HOT AND COLD.
Borne women can sing a baby to
sleep in two minutes and talk a hus
band awaJu all night. — Chicago News.
2728
A "NEW CURE,"
THE SUN BATH
It Is tb« Latest Fad at a Popular Austrian Sanitariun).
IN Austria, near Vienna, a physi
cian has introduced on a popular
scale a form of "cure" which hun
dreds of people are practicing at
horne — sunbaths. Scores of people
place themselves under his care at
a big sanitarium in the mountains
every season and wonderful cures are
reported under his unique method of
dosing the naked patient with unadul
terated sun rays.
The sun cure is essentially speaking
not a new thing. Though strikingly
beneficial in effects, it has never re
ceived extended consideration from the
physicians of this country.
I have tried the sun cure in several
cases with success. The conditions un
der which the treatment Is given vary
in accordance with the system inaug
urated. The usual manner is to allow
the patient full exposure to the sun for
a period not exceeding one hour. The
body Is entirely bare, save for a pro
tection to the head.
Immediately following the bath he Is
wrapped in blankets, and soon there
after taken indoors and plunged into a
pool of tepid water. Then the rubbing
down process is applied.
The Individual is placed on a regular
diet consistent with the treatment. The
eatables exclude meat and fruit.
Usually vegetables alone are advised.
The length of time generally con
sumed for an absolute cure is depend
ent upon the nature of the case. The
Bubtle way in which the sun acts upon
every organ of the body may prove a
revelation to many people.
To begin with, the originator of the
sun cure rightly says:
"There is no life without air, no
health without light. We not only
breathe through our lungs, but through
our skin, which contains myriads of
minute blood vessels thirsting for oxy
gen, and millions of nerves thirsting
for light. Where there is blood there
ought to be air; where there are nerves
there ought to be light. The light of
the sun favors the change of matter
—in other words, the process of liv
ing."
This philosophic statement beauti
fully expresses the advantages which
we cannot help but derive from an im
partial trial of the sun cure.
The Fkin is stimulated— a stimulus
not wholly limited to the body surface
by the influence of the sun, but cir
culates through the nerves to the re
motest internal organs.
The present allopathic system is dia
metrically opposite to the physic hy
driatic system.
One taxes the stomach with drugs;
the other effects its cures chiefly
through the skin. If the internal or
gans remain unfettered— that is to say,
are not subjected to medicinal treat
ment—the alternative application of
heat and cold on the body produces ef
fects which exercise a beneficial influ
ence upon the whole body.
The myriad nerves which ramify the
human body act directl - upon the vital
organs, and the innumerable capillary
vessels discharge the effete matter with
which they are loaded through the
pores of the skin, and carry the oxy
genated blood to the interior of the
body.
Drugs and countless preparations so
often and so recklessly used are never
required to call forth a heavy reaction.
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR.
The session of the Grand Chapter of
California will convene in this city on the
ISth of October in Sherman & Clay Hall,
at Sutter street and Grant avenue.
The worthy grand matron has returned
from her trip in Sonoma County. She
found all the chapters In a prosperous
condition.
Next Thursday the worthy grand ma
tron will visit King Solomon Chapter, on
the Saturday following she will visit Mis
sion Chapter, and on the Monday follow
ing she will be with Beulah Chapter/ in
South San Francisco.
On last Thursday night Golden Gate
Chapter gave an at home in Golden Gate
Hall at which there was a good attend
ance of the membership and of members
of local circles, besides Miss Weeks of the
lowa regiment and a number of sol
diers. There was a pleasing programme
of entertainment, and there was also a
fleh pond, from which the anglers drew
many fine fishes. Under the direction of
Floor Manager Walter N. Brunt there
was Inaugurated a number of dances.
Harmony Lodge had several initiations
last Friday night, and, after the work,
there was a gathering around the festive
board, and all spent a most enjoyable
hour.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The following is the programme for
the grand encampment that will be
held in San Jose next month: Monday
evening, October 17, public reception to the
Grand Encampment, music, literary ex
ercises, dancing, etc.; Tuesday evening,
18th, exemplification of Patriarchal de
gree by Occidental 'Encampment of Sac
remento. Golden Rule degree by Orien
tal Encampment of San Francisco; Wed
nesday evening. 19th, competitive drill by-
Cantons P. M., and conferring of "deco
ration of chivalry,"; for the competitive
drill the committee has secured Agricul
tural Pavilion; Thursday evening 20th,
awarding of prizes and grand ball. A
grand street parade will also take place
on Thursday, participated in by cantons,
encampments, subordinate and Rebekah
lodges.
The membership of Pacific Lodge has
completed its arrangements for the prop
er reception of the veterans who will call
on them on the evening of the 22d.
Unity Lodge will be addressed by Past
Grand Master Barnes on Tuesday next
Hacker and University lodges of Ala
meda County were consolidated last
Thursday night, and after tne ceremony
there was a banquet In celebration of the
event.
There are a few Odd Fellows who pay
a quarter's dues In advance— that is. three
months— but J. H. Reid has taken a step
in advance of all such by paying more
than a quarter century's dues in ad
vance. He has paid to Dayton Lodge
and to Dayton Encampment dues «n to
1925.
THE REnKKAHS.
Templar Lodge gave a euchre party last
nipht after the close of business, and there
being a good attendance there were nu
merous groups of players who enjoyed the
Intricacies of the seductive game. Next
Saturday the lodge will give a grab-bag
party.
The feet auction held last Monday night
In the hall of Loyal Lodge after the busi
ness meeting war. productive of a great
deal of amusement. C. F. O'Noil, a very
active member of the lodge, said that the
"fc<t-ure of the sale was that the large
feet brought the smallest prices and the
smallest the largest prices." The hand
somest of the many handsome young
Indies of the lodge, after going behind the
curtain, exchanged shoes with a gentle
man, and he took a plare to display the
lady's shoes he wore, while the lady dis
played his shoes. A result of this was
that the feet encased in the lady's shoes
went for a nickel, while the gentleman's
feet, encased in the lady's shoo, or rather
tho toes forced into the broadest part of
tho shorn, fetched a fancy price. There
was much sport when the purchasers
called for their partners for the evening.
Oriental Lodge paid a fraternal visit last
Wednesday to Cosmopolitan subordinate
lodge, and the visit was a very enjoyable
one. The visitors were treated to a fine
programme of music and song ant} then
The vitality is perceptibly strength
ened.
The sun cure, of which cold water
baths are a general accompaniment, in
vigorates the nervous system and pur
ifies the skin. The direct effect of the
sun upon the skin is marvelous. The
skin becomes reddened and swollen and
the pores easily yield the effete matter
with which they are charged, and re
ceive the oxygen of the surrounding
air. The circulation is facilitated and
the change of matter accelerated ac
cordingly.
It is throuph the complete removal
of the waste matter and the consequent
WHERE THE PATIENTS SLEEP IN THE OPEN HUTS OF THE SUN-BATH SANITARIUM.
They rise about 5 o'clock in the morning, and after putting on the scantiest attire repair to the hills near the lake, where they recline in the sun until the doctor in
charge says, "Enough." ,—
strengthening of the nervous system
that harmony in the organic functions
is restored. As a result the body be
comes rejuvenated.
For paralysis, nervousness and rheu
matism there is nothing superior to the
sun cure. I have tested it in my prac
tice repeatedly and can vouch for its
healing powers.
To establish a regular institution de
voted wholly to the light and air treat
they were given a collation, including ice
cream.
"Our Country Aunt." to be given to
morrow night under the direction of Mrs.
May Joseph! Kincald and under the aus
pices of Loyal Ix«]pe. promises to be a
great success. There will in addition be
several specialties and a dance.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Special Deputy R. D Maplesten organ
ized a lodge of the order at Crecsent Mills,
Plumas County, last Thursday evening,
15th inst. Mr. Maplesu-n has proved his
efficiency as a deputy by the work per
formed by him.
Last Monday evening a class of candi
dates was initiated into the mysteries of
the order by the officers of Union Ix>dge
of Sacramento. Mr. Imes, special deputy,
]is engaged in forming another class of
] fifty candidates for Union and Sacramento
lodges, after which he will proceed to
Gait and Folsom, where he will increase
the membership of lodges In each place.
A lodge is almost ready to be instituted
at Whittier, near Los Angeles, by Deputy
C. Z. Button.
Deputy Grand Master Workman Dan
forth contemplates a trip to the southern
portion of the State during the month of
October in the interests of the order.
Lodges desiring a copy of the proceed
ings of the last session of the Supreme
Lodge will apply to the grand recorder's
office for the same.
Pacific Drill Team of Oakland conferred
the degrees on a class of candidates in
Upchurch Lodge last Tuesday evening.
A number of candidates were initiated in
San Francisco Lodge last Wednesday
evening, the ceremonies being conducted
by Prosperity Drill Team of this city.
The picnic of Admission day, under the
auspices of the A. O. U. W. Lodge and
| Degree of Honor Lodge at Newman was
a decided success. Past Grand Master
Workman Vinter officiated as orator for
the occasion, and the exercises of the day
were enlivened by songs from Grand Re
ceiver Booth. The A. O. U. W. is very
popular in Newman.
WORKMEN'S PUBLIC MEETING.
More than two thousand'persons crowd
ed Into Odd Fellows Hall last Thurs
day night, on the occasion of the grand
patriotic entertainment given under the
auspices of the subordinate lodges of this
city. The meeting was for the purpose
of drawing attention to the order, and
as far as numbers were concerned it was
a success. The platform was occupied by
W. H. Jordan, P. S. M. W. ; W. 11.
Barnes, P. G. M. W.; Judge G. H. Bahrs,
G. M. "W.; Sam Booth, G. Rec; Frank S.
Poland, G. recorder; Robert Ferral, past
master of Spartan Lodge; E. F. Joy, past
master of Valley Lodge, and Judge J. M.
Troutt. There was also Edwin Danforth,
deputy grand master workman, who act
ed as master of cerenj|nieß. The enter
tainment opened witn an overture by
Coggins' orchestra, and then the deputy
grand master workman made a few re
marks by way of introduction. The
grand master workman delivered an able
address, in which he dwelt upon the work
of the oldest beneficiary order of the
country, showing how it has all over t»e
United States alleviated the sufferings of
widows and orphans. He was followed
by musical and literary numbers, several
of the pupils of Professor J. W. McVCen
zla giving vocal selections, the professor
acting as accompanist. The programme
included: Vocal solo, "Freedom For
ever," Miss Minnie Powell; "The Dandy
Fifth," Walter Malloy, past master of
Golden Gate Lodge; Chinese impersona
tions, Leslie Peterson; address, William
Henry Barnes, P. G. M. W.j vocal solo,
"Pretty Songster," Miss Sadie Johnsen;
"A Few Yarns," told by J. M. Semerla;
vocal solo, "Lucky Jim," T. Tregellae;
violin solo, Miss Letltla Mordhorst; se
lections. Golden Gate quartet; address,
ex-Judge Ferral, and as a finale Miss
Minnie Powell sang with fine effect "The
Star-spangled Banner," the audience ris
ing and Joining in the chorus. There was
dancing after the programme, and the
whole affair was entertaining, instructive
and enjoyable. It was under the man
agement of C. T. Spencer, M. H. Shepard
and M. J. Blackman, assisted by F. H. La
Faille, A. W. Tuggy, William Hanson.
Dr. F. F. Lord, M. E. Stanford, A. Wig
more, J. E. Gallagher, John Druesdom.,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
ment is of small expense, but great in
convenience for one physician.
The medical books do not speak of it,
because it is a comparatively modern
remedy for the alleviation of suffering
mankind. I predict, however, that its
adoption will become quite general in
the course of time.
At Battle Creek, Mich., are hundreds
of people taking the sun cure, treat
ment. The physicians of that city tell
me they are meeting with much en
couragement.
A prejudice has always existed in the
community against the treatment of
diseases without poisonous medicines,
but happily this false sentiment is
rapidly dying out. Hydropathy was for
a long while absolutely ignored, but to
day it is used universally for fevers.
Sunshine is a god-given tonic, and the
future will substantiate all I have said
in its favor.
The sun cure is the discovery of an
Austrian physician, and is applied in
the pretty village of Veldes, located
about 1000 miles from London.
The location is an ideal one for a
health resort. A winding stream encir
cles the village, which is dotted here
and there with orchards and corn fields.
Dr. Comstock says the climatic con-
ditions of the United States are equally
favorable to the sunlight practice.
Patients are placed under a regular
mode of treatment. They sleep in air
huts, which are small wooden cabins
along the edge of the lake. They rise
about 5 o'clock in the morning, and
after putting on the scantiest attire, re
pair to the hills, where they recline fur
an hour or more in the sun and shade.
Following this the patients descend to
Gus Pohlman, W. C. Crowley, J. Heeringa
and L. Nicholson.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
William H. Jordan, past grand master
Workman, will, on the evening of the
4th of October, deliver an illustrated lec
ture in Excelsior Hall on Mission street
for the benefit of Silver Spray Lodge.
. ' Dawn *of Hope Lodge gave a very en
joyable entertainment and social on the
evening of the 13th inst.
- Grand Chief of Honor Mrs. Mayon paid
a visit to the lodge in Santa Clara last
week.
Progress Lodge of Newman and the
lodge of the A. O. U. W. there gave a
joint picnic on Admission day for the
benefit of the Red Cross Society. It net
ted 198: ..•■-
Violet Lodge of Santa Cruz Is reported
as doing well. At its last held meeting
five. applications were presented..
The attraction committee of Ivy Lodge
will on next Wednesday present for the
entertainment of the membership a pro
gramme-that will include a farce.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Grand President Mrs. Lena H. Mills
was in this city last week. Last Friday
she officially visited Plymouth Parlor of
Amador County. From there she will
visit all the parlors in the county. Mrs.
Mills will, so she says, during her term,
visit all the parlors in the jurisdiction.
She has received a number of encourag
ing letters from all parts of the State,
and the prospects are that before her
term closes several new parlors will be
organized.
Buena Vista Parlor gave an at home
last Thursday night, which was a very
enjoyable affair.
The members of Buena Ventura Parlor
of Ventura, together with the members
of the parlor of Native Sons of that place,
attended the funeral of Gabriil Ruiz, a
member of Company H of the National
Guard of Ventura, who, as one of the
members of the la.d!es' parlor wrote,
"died of typhoid fever at terrible Camp
Merritt." The ladies walked a distance
of two miles to the final resting place
and deposited on the grave a magnificent
floral offering.
"W.," in a letter fro-n San Miguel. San
Luis Oblspo County, writes as follows
about the local parlor: "San Miguel Par
lor No. 94, of which Miss I. Reed and Miss
M. R. Murray are respectively president
and secretary, though one of the 'babies
of the order,' is quite up to date in every
thing. It meets on the first and third
Friday of each month in Masonic Hall,
and the membership roll shows that it is
increasing slowly but steadily, with the
names oi Native Daughters who take a
deep interest in the business, as well aa
the social features of the order. The
officers are almost perfect in their work
under the new ritual, and they are always
at their stations. Miss J. Kirk, D. D.
G. P., has notified the parlor that she will
soon pay it an official visit and review the
work. On the 9th the parlor celebrated
the anniversary of Admission day by an
entertainment and dance in San Miguel
Hall. It was well attended, proved a
great success and was most entertaining
to all who attended."
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
At the meeting of San Francisco Chap
ter last Wednesday night the principal
topic discussed after the termination of
the routine business was the grand enter
tainment that is to be given on the night
of the 30th inst. in the large hall of the
Native Sons' building, The several com
mittees presented progress reports, and
from the one on entertainment It ap
peared that a first-class programme will
be given. Among the features there will
be Chinese impersonations, selections by
the Arcadian quartet, instrumental selec
tions, an address by Maurice L. Asher,
governor of the chapter; diaiect selections
by Huffschmldt, recitations and vocal
solos, with a prospect of other features
to be added. From the energy displayed,
the prospects are that this will bo one of
the finest entertainments ever given by
this chapter.
On Thanksgiving day the chapter at
Tomales will give an entertainment and
ball.
On the night of the 27th Inst. Watson
vllle Chapter will give an entertainment
to its friends and the residents of that
place. This chapter is reported as doinsr
well.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
The Bmoker to Ije given to-morrow night
the bottom of the hill, where they lie
in the full blaze of the sun, usually for
fifteen minutes. Then they are swathed
in blankets for a short while. The mid
day and evening meals are ' severely
plain, consisting mostly of vegetables.
Coffee and sweets are permitted. The
afternoon is spent in lounging around
the country, with an occasional nap for
diversion. Every one In bed at 9 p. m.
Hundreds of men and women visit
Veldes annually for health and recrea
tion.
WOMEN ARE BETTER THAN MEN.
Taking all indictable crimes, the per
centage of women convicted is 18 as
compared with a male percentage of 82
— or rather more than four and a half
men to one woman. It may be inter
esting to compare the numbers of male
and female criminals for some other
countries:
No. of each sex convicted
per 100 convictions.
Country. Women. Men. Total.
England and Wales... 18 82 100
Germany 18 82 100
France 17 83 100-
Hungary 16 84 100
Belgium 11 89 100
Austria 14 86 100
Russia 9 91 100
United States 9 91 100
Italy 8 92 100
The above international comparison
of the sex of criminals is only approxi
mately correct, as In some instances I
have had to use the sex distribution of
prison population in place of the sex
distribution of convicted persons, and
by Yerba Buena Lodge in celebration of
its nineteenth anniversary promises to be
a great affair, as tickets have been in
Kn at demand.
Grand Dictator Archibald and other
grand officers visited Garden City Lodge
I on the lMh Inst., and witnessed the lnitia
] tion of two candidates. This lodge has
fallen into the line of the progressive
on. s.
The members of Anchor Lodge who will
; attend the smoker on the l!th inst.
will have a surprise in store for them.
"Nuff sod."
At the meeting of the Past Dictators'
j Association there was a large attendance,
and a number of matters likely to influ
ence future legislation in the order were
discussed. Several past dictators were
i admitted to membership. The reports re-
I ceived from subordinates were unusually
i flattering.
The grand dictator has sent out circular
1 letters to the lodges in the Jurisdiction ad
i vising them of the important changes in
! the laws made by the Supreme Lodge
at its recent session In Washington, D. C.
The proceedings of the Supreme Lodge,
constitution and general laws of the or
der, revised up to date, and a digest of
decisions up to June 30, have been issued.
The list issued by the supreme reporter
on the Ist inst. shows 149 deaths since the
previous report, of which six occurred in
California. The list also shows that all
claims for August have been met.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
At the business meeting of Golden Gate
Council last Tuesday night there were
three initiations, and several applications
were presented. The council, after listen
ing to a statement from Deputy Buntin
to the effect that in future the local coun
cils would no longer pay him for his serv
ices, the senate of the order having
agreed to compensate him, decided to
reduce the price of initiation one-half for
the period ending November 1. The coun
cil, under the presidency of Norman K.
Arter, a very enthusiastic member of the
order, is forging ahead, striving hard to
became the leading council, and is a close
second after California Council.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Last Wednesday night Miss Clara Mc-
Donald, G. T.; Mrs. Sweeney, G. P.; F.
W. Gibson, grand trustee; Mrs. S. C. Wal
lis, acting grand recorder; Mrs. A. Boehm
of Golden Gate Council, Mrs. Gibson and
Miss Sweeney paid a fraternal visit to
Unity Council, Oakland, and were re
ceived with a warm welcome. After work
in the initiatory degree there was a pleas
ant social hour and a banquet in honor of
the visitors.
Grand Recorder S. C. Wallis was in
Susanville last week, and there found the
members of the council quite enthusiastic.
They promised to secure ten members in
a month if the grand recorder would come
up and Initiate them. He also paid a visit
to the council at Beaver, and found it in
a prosperous condition. He will visit the
council *n Virginia City.
DRUIDISM.
Past Noble Grand Arch Henry A. Chase
is still In the interior, to which he went
on account of a recent attack of illness.
He is improving, and expects that he will
return to this city in a short time. On
the night of the Ist inst. he visited the
grove in Livermore and found a large and
enthusiastic attendance. Two proposi
tions were received, one from the book
keeper of the local bank and the other
from a dentist. The grove is reported as
doing well.
Pleasanton Grove reinstated two mem
bers last week.
Templar Grove at its last held meeting
conferred the second and third degrees
on three candidates.
Aurora Grove initiated one candidate
at its last held meeting.
On Tuesday, the 27th inst., E. Magin
niss will lecture before Hesperian Grove
in Druids' Hall on a trip he made from
Ban Francisco afoot to Oregon in the
early days.
California Grove of Placerville initiated
five candidates last week.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
On the night of the 10th inst. there was
a merry crowd of ladies and gentlemen In
the Social Hall of the Foresters' build
ing, assembled by invitation of the mem
bers of Sherwood Circle to attend a rag
party. The members were all attired in
rags, the gentlemen being made up in at
tire like the Weary WUliea and the
these two things are not identical, al
though this difference does not, I be
lieve, materially affect the accuracy of
the comparison just made. — J. Holt
Schooling in September Pall Mall Mag
azine.
IN COVENT GARDEN.
Covent Garden of London is a famous
and well-known place. You can pur
chase nearly everything. In and out of
season, there. Tuesday, Thursdays and
Saturdays are the great days, but in
the early summer, when fruitsand vege
tables are new, any day but Sunday is
full of business. The best time to see
the place is so early in the morning
that one had best stay up all night,
linger at the club or stay late at a ball.
Then stroll down to Covent Garden at
3 or 3:30 o'clock.
At 3 o'clock one will find a swarm of
people about, mostly porters, homeless
people and sightseers. When the buy
ers and sellers turn out the scene be
comes very lively. They are driving in
from all points of the compass, as far
as twelve miles. All through the night
carts arrive from the suburbs, heavily
laden with the produce of glass house,
garden and orchard, until every street
about Covent Garden Is congested.
At 3:30 a, m. the gates of the new
flower market are thrown open and the
place is crammed with blossoms — cut
flowers in bunches, pots of plants in
bloom and bud. The big buyers arrive
an hour later and get the pick of the
assortment. The crowd grows thick,
but there is no quarreling. Between 7
and 8 the cheap street hawkers arrive
and get what is left over at cut prices.
Looking-for Works of the country roads,
while the ladies looked as if they had se
lected their ball dresses from "the rag
bag. It was a queer-looking party when
it formed the grand march and circled
the hall. Still the members and those
who attended had a pleasant night and
greatly enjoyed the good programme of
nances prepared by the committee, con
sisting of Mrs. H. Dunn. Mrs. M. A.
O'Brien. Mrs. Hartley, Mrs. Charpiot,
Mrs. Lay and Miss Mitchell. Between
dances Mrs. A. J. Budd favored with a
recitation, and Sergeant Coombs enter
tained with ballad singing. During the
evening ice cream and lemonade were
« rved to all.
At the meeting of Justice Circle last
week there were presented five applica
tions.
Twin Peaks Circle announces an ice
cream social for the 20th inst.
Loyal Circle will hold an open meeting
on the 3d of October, when an Interesting
proe-ramme will be presented.
Washington Circle at its meeting last
week was honored by a visit from a num
ber of member*! of Mizpah and Pride of
the Forest circles.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
At a special meeting of the Grand
Lodge officers held last week it was de
cided to send a representative from this
State to the convention of grand protec
tors and grand secretaries that is to be
held in Indianapolis on the 27th to dis
cuss ways to propagate the order.
All the local lodges are doing quiet
work at this time, and while not making
any marked advance are keeping up with
the fraternal procession.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
The official visit of the supreme officers
to Lincoln Lodge last Monday evening
was a very pleasant affair. In additisn
to the visiting officers there were a .lum
ber of members of otner lodges, and a
large representation of the membership
of the lodge. Under good of the order
there was an exemplification of the work,
and then addresses by Supreme President
Mrs. M. E. McLane, Past Supreme Presi
dent Mrs. A. Boehm and others. At the
close of the meeting a collation was 1
served by the ladies, and an hour or two
was spent pleasantly in social converse
and story tellinsr. On Monday, the 26th,
this lodge will give a snow party in
Washington Hall.
Last Tuesday night Pioneer Lodge had
an interesting meeting and initiated one
candidate. On the 27th inst. this lodge
will give a free party. What that is the
committee of arrangements declines to
tell.
Mizpah Lodge will give an entertain
ment and party on the night of the 2lth
inst.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Last Tuesday night Council No. 34 gave
a pleasant entertainment and dance in
Pioneer Hall, at which there was a good
attendance.
The president of the board of directors
has appointed H. Kugelberg, J. P. Foley,
J. T. McNiff, T. E. Colins, A. Pllcovich
and J. D. Mahoney as the finance com
mittee; John Riley, P. Princevalle, A.
Pllcovich, J. T. McNiff and H. Kugelberg
as the committee on supplies, and" the
board Indorsed the following named by
the grand president as the committee on
laws and supervision: J. P. Foley, J.
Riley, H. Kugelberg, J. D. Mahoney and
P. Princevalle.
California Council will, on the 21st, pay
a fraternal visit to Columbia Council at
headquarters in this city.
Next week the grand president will an
nounce the first of his official visits.
'During the current month Columbia
Council will give a banquet in celebra
tion of its eleventh anniversary.
Mount Carmel Council of Redwood City
on last Tuesday, at the close of its busi
ness meeting, had a mock trial, at which
Judge Hannan presided, Messrs. Hinch
and Curry appeared for the prosecution
and Messrs. Hogan and Brown for the de
fense. The affair was very amusing.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
Grand First Vice President Miss Anna
M. Potthoff paid a visit last Wednesday
night to Branch 20 on the Potrero, and
was well pleased to learn that during the
past few months there had been twenty
initiations.
Next Wednesday a party will be given
at headquarters to members and ladies
who are eligible for membership.
Miss Mary Rodey of No. 7 has been ap
pointed deputy for No. 16.
BOOKS OF THE WEEK
Tf)e Biographical Edltiorj of Thackeray.
LOVERS of Thackeray will be
pleased to receive the fifth vol
ume of the new biographical edi
tion from Harper & Bros.' press.
This comprises "The Irish Sketch
Book." "The Paris Sketch Book"
and "Mr. M. A. Tltmarsh," and "Notes of
a Journey From Cornhlll to Grand
Cairo."
As in the preceding volumes of the bio
graphical edition Mrs. Ritchie has em
bellished the book with memoirs of her
father. The reader can follow the trend
of the author's mind during the time he
was writing the masterpieces that have
been a source of delight to generations of
English speaking people.
In some instances, however, it is dlffi-
cult to realize how such pithy humor
could be the result of experiences that
could have been nothing but trial to the
writer. Can it be that Thackeray really
had a faculty of forgetting his surround
ings and becoming oblivious to all but
such incidents as interested him, and al
lowing only them to make any impression
on his mind? But a thousand critics
would answer this question in a thousand
different ways.
Mrs. Ritchie begins at the time when
her father went to Paris, leaving London
"and his work and his home." Mrs.
Thackeray had been very ill. Expenses
were great, and Thackeray had to find
the means. There was "anxiety and the
difficulty of earning an income to meet it
all." Thackeray is anxious about the
success of "Titmarsh." His royalty
amounts to T^d out of each half crown,
and he calculates "100 copies, £3 2s 6d,"
and on the "KiO.ooo copies. £3,125 0 0." Of
course he is joking. He writes all this to
Mrs. Proctor, and winds up with "One
hundred copies have already been sold,
so that you see my fortune is very
clear."
In 1841 Thackeray tells Mrs. Proctor of
his new novel, "Cecil." "I am about a
wonderful romance, and I so long for the
day when the three volumes shall be com
pleted." Mrs. Ritchie's comment is, "If
this romance was that well-known one
without a hero, it did not finally come
out for years, during which how many
other ventures are there not to be count
ed!" Hard at his work with such a bur
den, an ill wife and a young family,
Thackeray did not repine. He wrote of
his personal anxieties to Mrs. Proctor in
an amusing way:
Please, when jou write, not to give me any
account whatever of any gaypties In which
you Indulge or any «ort of happiner.s falling
to the share of you or anybody else. But If
anybody meets with an accident, is arrested,
ruined, has a wife run away with, if C. falls
111 anil is marked with smallpox, be so kind
as to write me off word immediately, and I
will pay the post cheerfully. • • • Despair,
madam, is the word. Byronish. I hate man
kind, and wear my shirt collar turned down.
About that time Thackeray writes his
mother that he is "bitten with my old
painting mania, and as soon as I have
written that famous book you know of
and made a few hundred pounds make a
voV to the great gods that 1 will try
the thing once more." "The Comic Tales
and Sketches," being of IMI, "The Paris
Sketch Book" had been published the
year before. "Titmarsh," thougn no
failure, had not been a money success.
He says that only 140 copies were sold
"It has, however, been hugely praised
by the press, and will serve to keep my
name up, though a failure."
When in Ireland making up material
for "The Irish Sketch Book" Mrs. Ritchie
writes: "My father's spirits vary very
much. He was glad when the trip was
about ending. He sees the Giant's
Causeway, and tells the Purcells how the
place 'was so awful and lonely I fled from
it.' *hen he had 'a lonely dinner at a
hotel, a huge place without a soul in it,
the last company being a corpse which
had just gone.' It was in 'The Irish
Sketch Book' that the most delightful of
all Thackeray's poems, 'Peg of Lima
vaddy,' appeared. His daug.-ter writes:
"One can feel the shadow In the poem,
as well as the sunshine of it, and the
courage and sweetness of the temper
which enabled him to write it." The
"Irish Sketch Book" came out in 1843.
As long before as 1835 Thackeray had
the East in his mind. It was a mental
preparation for his "Cornhlll to Cairo."
He tells his cousin, William Kitchie, of
his plans— how he will write a book, gel
300 guineas for it and exhibit his sketches
and sell his drawings, and he winds up
with a picture of Perette and her broken
jug of milk. Later on Thackeray had an
idea of starting a weekly paper, "con
taining good worn, in reviews, good re
views, not notices. • • » A paper which
should have a decided air of white kid
gloves."
In 1544 he was to have come home, but
had an offer "to go passage free by the
Oriental Company to Lisbon, Cadiz, Gfb
raltar, Tangier, Athens, Constantinople,
Smyrna and Jericho," and he writes: "I
thought the chance so great that I have
accepted. The book, of course, is or
dered." During this jaunt Thackeray
kept a note book, borne of the entries in
the note book Mrs. Ritchie prints. Thstck
eray never was idle. On the trip he was
writing for Punch and working on "Barry
Lyndon." On the 28th of September he
notes "a white squall in tae morning "
and that was the source of his brisk
poem. On November 8 there is this entry
"In these days did scarcely anything but
work and design the character for Mrs.
Perkins' ball." Now we may say. look
ing over the early works of Thackeray as
they were known some half century ago
in the United States, that it was "Mrs
Perkins" Ball" which was the first book
of Thackeray's which attracted atten
tion. The prints were immenßelv comic
but it was the text which was so catch-
Ing.
How charming Is this little Incident
• . . .- .• . . ... 7. ww '«'wwwW'«»*" r
SftKttffllSSy* '"her on hi.
thought. he was another pap" *$£' h" dfols2dd f01 52d
a s newspaper and kissed " her through It and
next morning when he came down he had
shaved off "his - mustache, and ghV «„•>«. £.i
arms round hi neck and knew hlm%u?t c w*ll-
In a letter of Thackeray to his mother
in 1845 he tells her that he has just found
time to finish his book. "waking a way
tant blenque mal" at an inn at Chelsea
and he adds: , c*'e *'
But ■I am guarded about Jerusalem not
wishing to offend the- public by a needled
exhibition of heterodoxy nor darine to be a
hypocrite. I have been reading lots of books—
Old Testaments, church histories, travels— and
advance but slowly in the labor. I find the™
was a sect in the early church. who denounced
the . Old • Testament, and -got into such a rage
myself when reading all ' that murder and
crime which ; the Almighty ■ is ■ " blasphemously
made to sanction that I - don't dare to trust
myself to write, and put off my work from
day to day. -•;•■- ' ■\i ..:";,/'
There Is a footnote on the page, and
Mrs. Ritchie writes: "I remember Mrs,
Carlyle telling me that when my father
was staying at Don Salterns at i •<* .-
Cheyne Row they were first made aware
of , his being there ;by a note which the
postboy brought over, asking for the loan
of a Bible." As to paper, ; type, illustra
tion, binding, this edition is admirable.
Harper & Brothers, publishers. For sale
by A. M. Robertson; price $2 50.
THE PATERNAL ESTATE IN FRANCE
AND GERMANY.
This book comes to Americans at a
time when it will be worthy of study on
their part. The attempts made by popu
lists to form some sort of paternal gov
ernment are having a great deal of ef
fect on ; certain people.. ■■ These should
read this book. Its Interest is not so
much for its' new historic facts, but for
the application of these facts to practical
questions in the United States. Our au
thor says: "For many years many citi
zens, animated by t£e best intentions,
have advocated the adoption of certain
remedies— so-called populistic measures—
by which, in their opinions, certain trou
bles , could be infallibly removed. But
these theories, aiming to put an end in
the United States to the conflicts be
tween the interests of Individuals and
corporate interests, are in reality very
old." They have under different labels
been tried in Germany and France, and
were always a failure, producing individ
ual lethargy and practical decay. Our au
thor has collected and arranged, method
ically, a mass of evidence showing how
great has been the failure of the so-call
ed "paternal government." It abounds in
wise, suggestive thought to the many
honest workers anxious to bring about
better conditions for the masses, and la
a timely book, written in good spirit.
Harper & Bros., New York. Price $1 25.
NEWS FROM THE BIRDS.
By Leander S. Keyser.
Interest in natural history is growing.
This is shown by the great demand for
books about birds and animals that is be
ing taken by the public in general. "News
From the Birds" is one of the brightest
of these books that has appeared in a
long time. It is, in addition to interest
in the text, made most attractive by the
fine illustrations of birds as seen in their
homes and haunts in the meadows and
woods. The book Is intended as a sup
plemental reader for the home. It goes
upon the principle that the child while
learning to read should have a subject in
which the reader is interested. The
author does not worry the young reader
overmuch .with science— ' gives ■ -the
several birds their' scientific as well aa
common names— and that much >l will
please most young readers. He takes his
auditors with him to meadow and field
and woods during the warm months of
summer and the frozen months of winter,
and introduces them to all the common
birds of the seasons. He shows their
habits, their modes of life; recites their
songs, their nest-building, their migra
tions, their contests for life, their hero
isms, and recites many anecdotes show
ing the intelligence of birds. The book la
written in pleasing, easy style, in strong,
expressive language. D. Appleton & Co.,
publishers. New York. Price 60 cents.
THE LOOMS OF TIME.
Miss Edmondson, the daughter of a Chile
planter, is returning from school in Eng
land, and on the voyage falls in with a
young English officer. Captain McCal
mont, and before they reach Chile they
are engaged. Her brother, Charles, how
ever, greets her return with ill-omened
displeasure and shows himself unlike the
brother she used to adore. At length the
secret is disclosed, and we learn that the
supposed Charles is really an impostor, a
rascally steward who has murdered his
master and takes his place, and it is not
till 'the end of the tale that his villainy
is revealed, and he himself is cut off by a
violent death, leaving Miss Edmondson
and her lover to marry and live together
happy ever after. The story is most
charmingly told. The lady and her lover
are both delightful people. Carlos, the
villain of the piece, is punished and put
out of the wav in the proper and ortho
dox fashion.— v. Appleton & Co., publish
ers. For sale by William Doxey; price $1.
BOOKS RECEIVED
A FIGHT WITH FATE. By Mrs.
Alexander. This is as good a story as
Mrs. Alexander ever wrote, although
there may be those who will not agree on
this point. It is true there are lacking
some of the little mannerisms of the au
thor that are so charming, but to replace
them there is a considerable sound puiloa
ophy that has a value of its own. Pub
lished by the J. B. Llppincott Company
Philadelphia.
HIS PRETTY COUSIN. Adapted from
the French of Gaston d'Hailly by Kath
erine Schuyler Baxter. The writer calls
the story "An Idyl of Normandy." and no
better title could have been chosen. It
fairly scintillates with the glory of light
and the freshness of the air of France. It
is readable and entertaining. Published
by F. Tennyson Neely, New York. For
sale by San Francisco News Company.
HAWAII AND A REVOLUTION— By
Mar?- H. Krout. Being a narrative of the
personal experiences of a correspondent
in the Hawaiian Islands during the crisis
of 1893 and subsequently. The book is
well written and gives the author's view
of the situation in a graphic manner.
Dodd, Mead & Co., publishers. New York.
Price ?2.
Mrs. Ruth Ward Kahn of Leadville,
Colo., has had published a book of her
poems under the title of "The First Quar
ter." It is a collection of sixtv-flve that
have at various times been published in
the periodicals of the time and which
have the merit of being productions that
make enjoyable reading and at the same
time give proof that the lady is gifted in
writing poetic sentiments in verse as well
as in prose. Mrs. Kahn is one of those
writers whose literary work has attracted
a great deal of favorable criticism in th«
State of which she is a resident and else
where.
A volume of California verse by Marshall
Ilsley of Santa Barbara is announced for pub
lication about October 1 by Elder & Shepard,
San Francisco. The volume will be beautifully
done. Mr. Haley's work is steeped in the sun
light and perfume of California and of the
South. There is little purely descriptive veree
and the landscape Is used merely as a back
ground to themes of human emotion.
The Macmlllan Company have bought the old
established publishing business of Messrs.
Richard Bentley * Son, of London. All Messn.
Bentley's present publication^ and those here
tofore issued, will hereafter be published by
The Macmlllan Company, in London and New
York. By this purchase a long list of notabls
books is added to the already multitudinous
publications of The MacmiUaa Company.MODJESKA, IN "CLEOPATRA," AT THE BALDWIN.
After spending the better part of the
week In the Baldwin retouching my
admiration of Modjeska and thanking
heaven that once again the theater is
a safe place for a sensitive person, I
feel like . a man that has taken
in a bottle of somebody's sarsa
parilla and is Inspired to write to
the manufacturer and confess how
good and - pure and happy the com
pound has made him. feel. "Why, it is
■ only a few months since I was saying
in this very column that the drama
here was dead, that refined literary
• persons had taken to books, slippers
and the fireside, that — of all! —
the profession of dramatic criticism
could no longer be reckoned among the
necessary e.vils! When, presto! Em
peror Frohman announces his forgive
ness and his willingness to give San
Francisco a place on the map, and
sends us his Henry Miller; and now,
better still, Modjeska is here; and the
season to come is full with brilliant
prospects. The critic may stop writ
ing plays and go to work; the retired
playgoer, rested and fresh, be coaxed J
back to the pleasures of the stage, and |
the manager grow honorably rich. Is
it a wonder I feel like writing a testi
monial? »- : ~J- -■"•-•• f ' • • .- • •
.; ....- ._.-. -;„;.., .^... •„• , ,-,:, ■■. .;,;,— .•-■
- It was hardly to be expected that ev
erybody who used to go .to the : play
in the days when San Francisco got j
its reputation as the actor's paradise ;
would turn out at the first invitation j
of the rehabilitated theater. Some,
a considerable number in the circum
stances, have attended the Modjeska
performances this past I week. And
Henry . Miller's engagement was, I am i
told, fortunate as a whole through the
signal hit of "Heartsease," a little su
gar-coated play that was just the thing
•.to delight very young ladies and very
old gentlemen. So while the new sea
son at the Baldwin has not been break
ing records it is doing just what It
ought to do for the theatrical vitality
of the town. It is making play going
popular again among a class that had
long given it up as a sort of second
rate vice. The dramatic epicureans
turned out bravely for Magda Tuesday
night, and there was. an atmosphere of
brains all over the house, way up to
peanut row in the gallery; for many
of these special folk— the real, not the
fashionable supporters of symphony
concerts, intellectual drama, university
extension lectures and what not —
poor : . beyond convenience. However,
it is not this little cult alone which' has
come back," but many of the old sleek
crowd of first nighters who can enjoy
lesser dramatists . than Shakespeare
and Suderman. And on such patrons
as these depend the fortunes of a thea
ter. The exclusive special drama is a
beautiful thing, but it. will not always
pay the actors and the rent: Had Miss
Hood, given her millions to endow an
Independent theater instead of. a col
lege of commerce things would not be
thus. But commerce. got the millions,
and we must still take, our drama ac
cording to the tradesmanship of the
managers. The tradesmanship of the
Baldwin management had a eorry ex
perience, but it learned a lesson, and
is now on the rise. There won't be any
more tenderloin vaudeville at the Bald
win, for one thing sure; and for an-
' other, Modjeska is there doing the mis
sionary work of her life. A year ago
in New York Modjeska preached
against the sins of the theatrical syndi
cate. Now she. seems to have forgiven
the syndicate as it in turn forgave us,
and she is playing In a syndicate thea
ter. It is an hour for glad hands all
round. ' ■ % n m
As I have suggested in notices
throughout the week, Modjeska's com
' pany is not entirely admirable.
Mr. Herman is an actor of the old
husky school who seems never to quite
recover from his association with Fred
• crick i "Warde. In the not exacting part
of Leicester in "Mary Stuart" he
showed a certain easiness and agility
that have ' been altogether lacking in
his subsequent Impersonations. His
Macbeth was mere sound run .wild and
. gesture stiffened and enlarged beyond
the scale of mortal , man. It was with
out feeling, without understanding. And
in the delicate part of the rector : . in
"Magda" he was equally -gladiatorial.
Of the men Mr. Lonergan alone seems
to have improved the passing hour, and
even he still frequently stands as one
in pain and gnaws his words unprettily.
The life of Mr. Lonergan has not been
all beer and bouquets. ; Years ago in
■ this same town he hired a, house and
essayed to be a Hamlet — a net,
and at the risk of his life, you might
say. I have not heard -of him in the
part since,* but otherwise he has done
• better.' He is : a thoughtful ; actor ) and
too young and too % clever jto - cling to
annoying : little: mannerisms I that ,v any
minute are apt to. break up the whole
illusion of his performance. The wo
men of the company balance much bet
ter than the men. The only memorable
maid servant that I have seen in "Mag
da" was Miss Anna Daly's of Tuesday
night; and fri the same play Miss Grace
Fisher played Marie very delicately and
very vividly, and Mrs. Hanna E. Sar
gent made the comic aunt more credible
than I had ever known her to be before.
• • •
About Modjeska's work in the old
parts, one can say only the old things
— which I have been saying all week —
and be thankful that they may still be
eaid. She is a genius, one of the three
incontestably great women who are left
to the stage. Her personality and
methods are absolutely her own; her
impersonations come "fresh from life,
not stale from the stage." Not to have
seen her as Mary Stuart, as Magda, as
Camille, is to have missed three of the
artistic opportunities of the century.
People tell me that Modjeska is grow
ing old, very old. I suppose I ought to
be sorry, but somehow I am not as long
as she has the genius and grace to
keep me from finding it out.
ASHTON STEVENS.
The Baldwin.
So many and persistent have been tho
requests that Modjeska has decided to
give one performance of "Adrienne Le
couvreur," the play in which San Fran
ciscans first saw her ami which was the
beginning of her great artistic career.
This play will be given on Monday night.
On Tuesday evening the star will appear
for the last time as Mary Stuart. She will
also give Saji Franctsco the aonor of see
ing for the first time on any stage her
new and elaborateproduction of "Antony
and Cleopatra." This production ia Cali
fornlan in its entirety, scenery, costumes
and properties all having been prepared
here.
The wonderful ecenic possibilities of
thjs story of the East have been taken
advantage of to the fullest extent. The
palace of Cleopatra, with its surround
ings of luxuriousness and ease, the Ori
ental splendor of the gallery, her mas
sive tomb and the palace of Caesar in
Rome will all be superbly pictured by the
artist and all the appointments will be
gorgeous and historically correct. It is
promised that the production will be in
all respects worthy of the great artist
who presents it. ■_«_*». -.c
Mr Herman Is cast for Anthony, Mr.
lionergan for Caesar and Mr. Lane for
•;: l -:z <- AMUSEMENTS.
-^ San Francisco, CaL.Estab. 1887
WALTER W ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, SEPTEMBER t9TH.
AN UP-TO-DATE BILL OF NOVELTIES AND STAR ATTRACTIONS I
Europe's Foremost Eccentrlques and Comiques .
THE TWO PAOLIS
Introducing Their Wonderful Bag-Punching and Football Dog.
;»-«; MLLE. JEANNE FRANKO
- America's Greatest Violin Virtuose. •
A/lrt"Kl< T OIII^ C A7FAI I Celebrated Parisian/
IYIV/i>l,3. Ly U liJ V-ir\A-L*/"HJ Magician and Illusionist
... Last Week or the Legitimate Star . . . '
MR. FELIX MORRIS company
For the Writ Time in Vwdeytllt— Mr. Morris' r»Ttrit« One-Act Pity, "THE VAGABOND." ■
MISS BESSIE BONEHILL
' Entire Change of Repertoire and Character Changes. . .
HINES AND REMINGTON I FAVOR AND SINCLAIR
Introducing More New York Types. I By Request— "THE MOKA6UIRES."
W'ZOON-IN Arabs
,-r, ■_■■—* di/->/^«d Zl DUI New War Scenes, Including Special
X "C/ liSlv^v^»rc/-\Jr^r"i; Views of the Battleship Oregon.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, Sept.- 1 8th. Par *«°&ti^?6c 2 lv y ggarg B a r r y lOc
'"' 1 - . . ... ■■ ...... . ... ■■ , :- ..,. -' -■-■'■ I ■ . : ,-■ -■ ri.: •-■-■■■ ■ —rr————~.
HORPO'S GRAND SS
/ • Wxltxb Mokosco, Bole Lessee and Manager
Commencing MONDAY, September 19th,
...THE..,.
WATERMAN
SISTERS
In Their Great Sln^n* Specialties. In a Mag-
1 ; " nificent Scenic Production of
THE COAST GUARD.
; First-Appearance of MISS MAUDE MILLER,
daughter of ■ Joaquln Miller. , ■ the Poet of the
S 'popular Prtcaß— RwHred Seats . 26c and" Me;
Fwnlly Circle and • Gallery. » Wo. - Matinee. ; Sat-
urday and Sunday. Telephone Green 861. v; "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
MODJESKA`S MISSIONARY WORK
and the Rehabilitation
OF THE BALDWIN THEATER
Enobarbus. Modjeska, of course, will be
the Cleopatra, and her first assumption of
the part, which is so different from my
other in her repertory, is anxiously ex
pected. "Antony and Cleopatra" will be
the bill for the* balance of the week.
Frawley's reorganized company comes to
the Baldwin the following Monday in "An
Enemy to the King."
The Golumbia.
Miss Nance O'Neil, who is to make her
stellar debut in her native city to-morrow
night at the California Theater, has been
on the stage only a few years, but in that
short time she has attracted the favor
able attention of nearly all the critics in
America. Her appearance to-morrow
night should surely be of interest to the
playgoers of San Francisco. She comes
with the McKee Rankin Company, -nd
will appear in the opening performance
as the Leah in Mosenthal's "Deborah,"
newly adapted and rechristened "The
Jewess." The company that supports the
young star Includes among its members
McKee Rankin. Herbert Carr, Henry
Weaver Jr., Lionel Barrymore, Charles
Crosby, Thomas Tuther, H. A. "Weaver.
Mrs. Horace McVicker, Stella Boniiace,
Mabel Fralne, Rlcca Allen, Affie Mc-
Vicker, Olive Otis, Melville Emory f 1
others. The repertory to be presented in
this city by Miss, O'Neil includes "Ca
mille," "Magda." "The New East Lynne"
and ''Rosa Colombo."
Gomedy Theater.
The Pacheco season comes to an end
to-night at the New Comedy Theater,
Harry Corson Clark opening to-morrow
night in "What Happened to Jones," the
farce which he so successfully introduced
here last season. It is an admirable
farce, thoroughly American in humor and
situation, and has made successes all
over America.
Mr. Clark's company includes many of
the people who helped in last season's
success: Charles Charters C. W. Terriss,
John Allison, Mrs. Adele Clarke and Miss
Maude Allison. The rest of the cast is
made up of players more or less new to
ÜB.
"Jones" will be preceded by the cur
tain-raiser "One Touch of Nature,"
which was last presented here by James
H. Stoddard and Miss Maude Harrison.
The Tivtoli.
The Tivoli will present a novelty for
the eighth week of its grand opera sea
son. On Monday, Thursday Saturday
and Sunday evenings the first presenta
tions in this city of Goldmark's historical
Biblical work, "The Queen of Sheba," will
be given. This powerful music-drama for
the past few years has been one of the
reigning sensations of the European cap-
"Cyrano de Bergerac,"
(\ Play Which May Be the Sensatioi) of
the Season.
CYBANO DE BERGERAC" is a
drama in rhymed verse, the
Bcenes of which are laid in the
seventeenth century. It tells
the lovely tragedy in the life of
an historical character, a mad poet and
dramatist, duellist and soldier, who
was cursed with as huge and disreput
able a feature as Nosey the Dwarf in
the fairy tale. Its author is a young
playwright from Marseilles. These are
facts which hardly account for the tre
mendous success which has attended
the play in Paris and the principal
cities of France ever since its first ap
pearance in December last at the Porte
Saint-Martin, with Coquelin in the title
role.
Poor and foolish plays have had such
triumphs. A famous actor like Coque
lin might inveßt a comparativeVy feeble
piece for the theater with the magic of
his personality. Some whim of the pub
lic, or some appeal to a patriotic or
religious idea might carry a play for
hundreds of nights. But "Cyrano de
Bergerac" does not depend on the
strength of the actor who takes its
leading part, nor is there any appeal
in the drama to a popular fancy or
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrm. Ernestine Krellnc. Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
LA TRAVIATA!
TO-MORROW, Thursday, Saturday and Sun-
day Evenings. First Time In This City,
Goldmark's Biblical Work,
"THE QUEEN OF SHEBA!"
Tuesday, Wednesday. Friday Ev^ninijs, Spe-
cial Saturday Matinee, "MARTHA." Popular
Prices— 2sc and 50c. N. B.— A Reserved Se:u for
the Matinee, 26c. N. B.— Our Telephone, Bush 9.
AfVMDIA Eddy, cor. Mason— MOßE NEW
ULIJIiriA NOVELTIES. THE AMERICAN
ANNA HELD; KELLY A VIOLETTE; CON-
LIN & RIDER, Comedy Acrobate; MARTIN'S
WONDERFUL DOGS; TRIXEDO, and others.
Admission Free. Matinee Sunday.
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
itals. It will be given with new scenery,
costumes, appropriate accessories, an en
larged chorus, augmented orchestra of
soloists, a ballet and a full complement
of supernumeraries.
Fraulein Marie Brandis will be the
Queen of Shel.a; El via Crox will sing the
role of Sulamith, the High Priest's daugh
ter; and Helen Merrill, the slave, As
taroth- Sig." Maurice de Vries will be the
King Solomon of history; Rhys Thomas,
Antar. the young soldier; W. H. West,
the grand chamberlain, Baal-Hanan; and
William Schuster, the High Priest. On
Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday even
ings and at th t - special Saturday matinee
Flotow's "Martha" will be sung with
Anna Lichter in her favorite role of Lady
Harriet, the waiting maid to the Queen;
Mary Linck as her companion, Nancy;
Sig. Edgardo Zernl as the young farmer,
Lionel, and William Pruette as the Plun
kett.
The /\icazar.
The play selected to run with the fare
well performances of "The First Born"
next week is promised to be the strong
est first part play which has so far been
produced at that house. In fact, it is
' Xiend Me Your Wife," virtually a three
hours' show. The story tells of a certain
young man who is left a large sum of
money, to be paid to him in semi-annual
installments, when he shall take unto
himself a wife. Not wishing to unite in
matrimonial bonds, he deceives the uncle
who has charge of his property. The
uncle announces his intentions to pay his
nephew and wife a visit. Dick Easily,
the crafty young man., proposes to his
chum, Tom Buntingtpn, that the latter
Just loan him his wife until the uncle
returns' home. The complications are
many and absurdly humorous. "In Mis
souri" is in preparation at the Alcazar.
JVlorosco's.
The new play announced for to-morrow
night at Morocco's is "The Coast Guard,"
an American comedy melodrama In four
acts, by Lewis Mitchell and James Vin
cent, with scenes laid on Long Island. It
possessses the usual sensational ele
ments. A shipwreck, with a realistic
rescue by the crew of the lifesaving sta
tion; a revolving lighthouse and large
practical working steam dredger are the
mechanical features, while the marine
scenic settings will be picturesque and
elaborate.
The production will be marked by the
debut of the Waterman Sisters, two San
Francisco girls, whose many friends
promise to give them a rousing ovation.
An overflowing audience and many floral
tributes are therefore to be expected.
They are handsomo native daughters,
with contralto voices, which are said to
blend in remarkable degree. Another
j fad. Read in cold print, without the
help of scenery and of trained artists,
i it is a fascinating piece of literary art
; which holds one absorbed to the very
close of its fifth act.
Although the young dramatist knows
j his stage work well and provides strik
; ing scenes, so far as surroundings go,
for four out of the five acts, yet the
self-abnegation that Cyrano shows may
j seem unnatural and his heroics peril
■ ously near to rant, while the climax
! might be thought unsuited to the re
quirements of the boards to-day which ■
call for the most violent and peopled i
j stage at the close of the last act. But I
Cyrano can rant because he is still in I
character; his ranting, however, is so \
spiced with wit and perfumed with
poetry that no one can take offense;
it is sublime fooling; it is dare-devil
talk that makes one ponder and smile;
it is paradox after Shakespeare's heart.
Cyrano is the study of a man of noble
mind and great learning, as well as
marvelous wit, whose life has been
ruined by a physical peculiarity that
sets him apart from the rest of man
| kind. His own apologia addressed to
his friend Le Bret reveals the presence !
of a lifelong bitterness because of that j
monstrous feature of his, added to a !
passion for independence and combat. I
He acts the bully and swashbuckler, |
but like Robin Hood he singles out the !
_____^_ _______^~^
OO 0000000000000000000000000000000000
I RALDWIN
q M~J THEATER.
O BEGINNING TO-MORROW.
g\ Second and Last Week.
o ■ ■ '.■■-..■. . ■..-'■■.
O And Her Excellent Company.
O Direction of John C. Fisher.
MONDAY (ONLY TIME).
q ADRIENNE . . .
o LECOUVREUR
o Tuesday, MARY STUART,
g WEDNESDAY f 22SL-. -.
** And Remainder . Great
O of the Week. Work. :
• ANTONY
I CLEOPATRA
s CLEOPATRA
O A "GORGEOUS AND
ft HISTORICALLY CORRECT
• PRODUCTION.
O A Vast Amount of New
o SCENERY, COSTUMES AND EFFECTS.
p SPECIAL !
O MONDAY, SEPTEMBER M,
** , . • First Time Here,
g AN ENEMY T & F WLEY
TO THE Blanche Bates
° * V * lILI in the cast.
O KllVn Regular Frawley
!*»,;; IV III VI . •• ' • priccB-25c, 50c 76c
P : . and fl. .
qoooooooooooooooog
CHUTESj\ND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER,
BEGINNING MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19
■ MARIE WOOD, the Nightingale of Song;
BURNS and EVANS, the "Farmer and the
Clown"; GEORGE HARRISON, German Co-
median; CAMILIA, Cuban Dancer; ORO, CLIF-
FORD and ORO. Comedians; COTTON and
MOLL. Triple Horizontal Har Performers, and
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, 6c;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c.
BASEBALL !
RECREATION PARK.
STOCKTON VS. SAN FRANCIBCO.
TO-DAY AT 1:16 P. M.
special engagement by the management
Is that of Miss Maude Miller, daughter of
Joaquin Miller, the poet, who has been
| with Augustin Dajy, OJiver Byron and
! other Eastern managers. She has been cast
I for the leading emotional character of the
play, that of Rose Van Sicklen, daughter
iof the lighthouse keeper. A number of
I other new people have been added to the
clever stock company to complete the long
cast.
Jhe .OrpKeum. •
The headliner of the new Orpheum bill
is Mile. Jeanne Franko, a violin virtuoso
jof some ronown, who has but recently
i made her debut in vaudeville. It is said
I that she has been a sensation in Eastern
I houses, the comedy feaure of the bill
is expected from the two Paolis and their
trained dog. The Paolis are European
acrobats and have trained their dog to
take the part of the third man. Another
novelty is Louis Cazeau, illusionist and
magician from Paris. Felix Morris and
his company will put on "The Vaga
bond." an old-time curtain-raiser, in
which Mr. Morris has always played with
marked success. Miss Bessie Bonehi'il
will make an entire change of programme
and will confine her efforts to songs and
character changes of the popular order.
The hold-overs Include Hines and Rem
ington, Favor and Sinclair, Towzoonin
Arabs and the blograph.
Jhe Olvjmpia.
The Olympia Music-hall has for ita chief
new attraction Pearl Haight, better
known as the "American Anna Held."
Kelly and Violette sing descriptive songs,
and several of the old favorites are re
tained.
Ghutes and Zoo.
At the Chutes Free Theater the bill will
be almost entirely new and will include
Marie Wood, a soprano who Is pledged to
have received the approbation of Melba;
Camelia, a Spanish dancer, who now con
ceals her colors and announces herself as
a Cuban; George Harrison, a German
comedian and monologist. and Burns and
Evans, the "Farmer and the Clown," who
conclude a sensational performance with
a breakaway ladder act. Oro. Clifford
and Oro, in their skit, "Fun in a Chinese
Family," have made such a hit that they
will be retained, as will also Cotton and
Moll, triple horizontal bar experts.
Mies May Buckley, who was to have
been one of John Drew's supporting com
pany, has been transferred to the com
pany headed by Annie Russell. Manager
Frohman predicts a brilliant future for
the California actress, and the change
was made by the a. c tute manager so as
to afford Miss Buckley the greater op
portunities offered by "Katherinf," the
play in which Miss Russell is to star.
tyrants, hypocrites and cowards and
crushes or shows them up. He is a
poet and playwright, but will not
truckle to influential patron or pub
lisher. He first comes on the Bcene in
his double character of fantastic bully
and critic; it is at the old Paris theater
where Moliere's and Corneille's plays
were acted; he stops the performance
of an actor whom he dislikes because
he is a ridiculous actor and has dared
to ogle from the stage Roxane, the
cousin whom he (Cyrano) madly loves.
Cyrano has loved his cousin Roxane
from childhood. # but never dared to
breathe it because he is so hideous.
Both have come to Paris from their
home in Languedoc; he is the most
valiant, feared and witty member of
the corps of Gascony cadets, she is a
beauty given over to the prevailing 1
fashion of literary languish and fop
pery — a beauty and a "previous lady"
who indulges in the strained senti
mental jargon of the day and despises
> plain prose. In Paris they never meet
I each other until Roxane falls in love
at sight with a handsome northerner
I who has Just received a commission to
I join the Gascony cadets, a corps of
poor but fierce nobles who make it
warm for an outsider; then she recalls
her cousin Cyrano, makes an appoint
ment with him and puts the youth she
loves under his powerful protection.
Their meeting is at a great cook shop
i kept by a poet pastry cook, who, with
his motley following of starving au
thors and scullions, furnishes the chief
humor of the play. For a monwnt
Cyrano imagines that she may be in
' terested in him, though the fact that
| she calls him at the outset "almost my
! brother" should have warned him. Em
! barrassed to tell him her errand, she
I notices that his hand is wounded, mi
i slsts upon binding it up with her hand
COLUMBIA?
THE3A.TH3K,.
O
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME, rt
HOYT'S GREATEST, v
"A MILK WHITE FLAG." I
Beginning TO-MORROW, ®
. . A GREAT DRAMATIC EVENT, 3
' ■, '":. • ■■■■ ■•■ - ' : :O.
. AND THE ®
McKee Ranking
oo^pAisrY. o
Presenting the New Version of Moaenthal's ©
Deborah, Entitled, ■'.. - Q
• • THF • • *
JEWESS.!
. STAGED PERFECTLY AS TO - - I
CAST, SCENERY. COSTUMES, ETC. O
In Preparation— "GUY MANNERING."
■ "OLIVER TWIST." I. "ELIZABETH,", etc.©
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
SUTRO BATHS.
'" SUNDAY, September 18, at ■ 2:80 p. .m. ■
Second .. Great > Event 'of ; the .■; Season. . \
440- YARD RACE ; Between ;
SID CAVILL. 1 the Australian "; Champion, ■. and ■
DAN GREEN, the California Champion, :5: 5
: For a' : Purse of $300. • ' - -
Also High, ' Trapeze f* arfd : : , Fancy '- Diving': by i
" r ■- Local ; Clubs. ■ -
ADMISSION, 10c. 1 CHILDREN, 6c. /
CONCERT.
Y. M. C A. Auditorium, cor. Mason and Ellis,' :
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 22, 8:15 *p. m., MISS
ANNA MILLER -< WOOD, : assisted by Mr."
Gutlio Minettl, violin; Mrs. "Alice Bacon Wash- ;
ington , and i Miss : Olivia > Edmunds, si piano. "f Re- i
served seats on Bale at 225 Sutler St. price 75c. i '
feßllClliirli
NANCE O'NEIL, IN 'THE JEWESS," AT THE COLUMBIA
kerchief and while holding his hand
manages to approach the point. As
she proceeds his hopes rise, until, de
scribing the man she loves, she comes
to "handsome." Then Cyrano knows
the truth and staggers to his feet; but
he grits his teeth and promises to be
the protector of his rival.
The situation gives a chance for ter
rible conflicts in Cyrano's soul, but it
is only the beginning of his tragedy.
Having promised to guard the favored
one, he finds himself writing for Baron
Christian euch love letters to Roxane
as the younger man cannot so much as
imagine. His is the bitter-sweet of
pouring out his soul to the woman he
adores and knowing that she will never
suspect him as the author.
The balcony scene is one of the new
est and boldest bits of playwright's
work since Shakespeare, the spirit of
whose works, by the way, is suggested
throughout this striking and original
drama. Darkness and the conversation
held in whispers favor the deception.
Cyrano pleads passionately the love
that Christian cannot utter, and, In
deed, can hardly feel, and when the
moment comes to ascend the balcony
and take the kiss that has been won
by flights of great poetic beauty, Cy
rano pushes Christian forward and en
joys the bitterness with a dash of
sweet that lies in the thought.
It is the mental conflict in Cyrano as
much as his strongly marked traits
that holds the reader of this drama,
and to the thoughtful theatergoer must
furnish more than half the fascination
when the piece is played. One thinks
of Hamlet and Faust, but with the
~~~~^~_^_- AMUSEMENTS. . : ■■■■..- :. : :'._:•■••'
• Corner " Eddy and Jones.
SAN FRANCISCO'S MOST COMFORTAITLE VAUDE . l^i-E HOUSE. NOVEL SYSTEM
MWBHftll'tiMlimfrilULlMlClll^^ggr- OF VENTILATION. '^MaMHKBiiiMBnMfaeiMMManMVMWg
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, SEPTEmBER 19th.
,;..__-,-—^___. — »mn? ' i in America. ■ .
i_JDXA.3STA '-;p3sr M - CHASE _ j
A : Sparkling Comedi«*te. : Admirably ■ Presented by MR. .: and MRS. - SIDNEY DREW.
• THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY,
THE MARVELOUS AXJSTI3STS.
.-'..■ "," .'■■' 7XARIE— AIMEE. MWliluaßJlMßllllllllllMliaw
• • ■—— T lIHI 11l Mil— ■IMIM1ll1l—» :
: The Greatest Aerial Ath- . I : t THE HUMAN; FLY, - I In Her Phenomenal Aot of
letes Ever Seen. | --MLLE. AIMEE- — | . Celling- Walking.
SIGNOR DEL PUENTE*™ Jrau * va »- CORINNE,
The Great Barytone. . Queen . of . Opera BouCe.
The Unparalleled Russian ■ Fantastic Danseuse.
• " ■ I . * --^^£^£s?.r:_.— :..J
In ■ Her Four Brilliant Copyrighted Electric Dancing Creations.
THE BICYCLE DANCE. THE CHINESE LADY. CUPID IN THE CLOUDS. SILVER
I AND GOLD DANCE. • ■
THE ' GREATEST. ■OF ■ ALL IRISH -ACTS,
McBRIDB , AND 3D A.I_iI_iO3ST. .
JOHN" B"y!E2/3SrHi '• In a Screaming; Comic Act, "Back From Klondike."
THE KAK.PEK.S
Would Make a • Dyspeptic Laugh. . .- . ■ .
POWHIK.S A.2STD HYDE
With Their Pickaninnies and Twenty : Colored \ Members .in ; Songs, - Dances and ' .
'■• GRAND' CAK.E WALK:'^pgi«ei Wz&gi
Popular Prices— Reserved - Seats,- 25 and 50 cents; Box Seats, 50 cents.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
- . • . 25c,' and Children 10c ' any Seat. . .
. MATINEE-TO-DAY - (SUNDAY), 2:15.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
mTTTQ The Laughing Farce,
SUNDAYJ ATR _^ EDY!
NIGHT, ) THE FIRST BORN!
TO-MORROW NIGHT!
A GOOD LAUGH!
ROLAND REEDS gSftlKF 0
LEND ME
YOUR WIFE!
And Last Week of Powers' Chinese Play,
'•THE FIRST BORN."
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
reserved i5 C^25c,35c, 50c.
Telephono Main 254 for the Express Accommo-
dation of Our Patrons.
satisfaction of the discover^ not of an
adaptation, but of something radically
new. The Due de Guiche, who haa been
pursuing Roxane with a lawless pas
sion, discovers that she loves Christian,
and so — hoping to get him killed in the
war — orders him and the I rest of the
cadets away to the siege or Arras; it is
to Cyrano witn the Nose that Roxane
entrusts her handsome young bride
groom, to save him from the open
weapons of the Spaniards and the
treacherous machinations of the Duke.
Christian Is killed in the war after a
hurried marriage with Roxane, but Cy
rano prevents him from making a
deathbed confession of the trick played
on his young wife by whispering him
that she knows all and is content. She
enters a nunnery, where she thinks and
dreams of her dead, and for fourteen
years Cyrano visits her once a week
without reveali g the secret of his love.
That secret she herself discovers the
very day that Cyrano, wl.o _has been
treacherously assaulted from behind by
some enemy, crawls out to make the
last visit to her and die in her presence.
That death is of a piece with the rest
of the play, magnificent like the heroes
of the Elizabethan drama; the dying
champion sees visions of the foes he
has assaulted so well but so fruitlessly
— Compromise, Prejudice, Cowardice,
Folly, Lies — and in his dying burst of
heroic madness he staggers to his feet,
draws his sword, puts his back against
a tree and executes the big movements
of the old-fashioned sword play as he
denounces and stabs these airy phan
toms of his brain.
CHARLES DE KAY.
COMEDY THEATER.
THIS EVENING. ■
• : : Last Performance of ■
"THE LEADING MAN."
Starting TO-MORROW (Monday) Night
. Matinees. Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
.-,; ... THE COMEDIAN,
HARRY C GLARE,
And His Own Company of Comedians In tha
. ■ . Laughing Comedy Success
.L. L ****r*ir*******it**
■£- : WHAT *
****** ■■ llr * l >****
{HAPPENED TOJ
""*! JONES, |*** s
* *
. . -**■******♦*****♦*
: Constructed for Laughing - Purposes Only.
--.POPULAR PRICES.-
SEATS ■ SELLING. f . - - i ,
COMEDY THEATER AND 710 MARKET BT,
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver a shade firmer again.
Wheat futures advanced.
Barley rather steadier.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay working around Into better snap*.
Beans and Seeds about the same.
Potatoes and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter and Eggs firm.
More Eastern Poultry due.
Fresh fruit in good supply.
Fair demand for dried fruit.
Provisions the same as before.
Wool and Hops dull.
Hides and Leather unchanged.
Meat market quiet.
Bank clearings lose again.
Shipment of $125,894 to China.
Ten failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports
ten failures in t'j* Pacific Coast States and
Territories for t.*» week ending yesterday as
compared with seven for the previous week and
twenty-four for the corresponding .week of
1537. The failures for the past week are di
vided among the trades as lollows: ■ One cabi
netmaker, one billiards and cigars, one con
fectionery, one butcher, one wall paper, one
decoration work, one liquors, one planing mill,
one groceries and liquors, one hats.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $18,801,
747, against $20,363,533 for the same week last
year. Of late these clearings have been fall-
Ing off.
TREASURE SHIPMENTS.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $125,
804, consisting of $95,584 in Mexican dollars, I
$2310 in gold coin and $25,000 In silver dollars.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— -y.-i Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 331,420 95.560
Duluth 533.614 459,220
Milwaukee 28,600 2 600 I
Chicago 161,166 169,480!
Toledo 33,790 4,000 i
St. Louis 46,000 7.000 1
Detroit 12.521 12,105 I
Kansas City 93,500 121,000
' Totals 1,240,611 873,971
Tidewater—
Boston S.SOO
New York 287,323 81.880 i
Philadelphia 17.737 3 406
Baltimore I
New Orleans 225456
Galveston 105.500 24,000 j
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 9% 6 4% 551,.
Closing "
PARIS FUTURES.
'our— Sept. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 4350 4590 '
Closing I
Wheat—
Opening 2160 1 50 i
Closing
- " ■ ."•-, ■ .
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 17. sp. m. ■
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day
Eureka, 56; Red Bluff, 98: Sacramento. 94;
Fresno, 100; Independence, 94: San Luis Oblspo, •
S2: Los Angeles, M; San Diego, 78; Yuma, 108.
San Francisco temperature— Maximum, 66;
minimum, 50; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is highest this evening in Utah !
and Southern Nevada and lowest In South- !
western Arizona. A trough-like depression I
extends from this latter section northward
through California. Generally fair weather i
prevails throughout the region west of the !
I Mountains, except in Central California, !
where there are a few scattered t-louds. Warm '
weather continues throughout the interior of
California and the region to the eastward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty \
hours ending midnight. Sept. 18, 1S98:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Sunday;
fresh southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Sunday, except partly cloudy
in west portion.
Utah— Fair Sunday.
Arizona — Partly cloudy Sunday.
San Franclpfo an'l vicinity — Partly cloudy
Sunday", fresh southwest wind. I
Special report fr"m Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. m. — Ciear; wind west, 4 miles per huur; :
temperature, 83; maximum, S7.
W. H. HAMMON. .
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17. London started prices
downward this morning and there were general ]
declines after the opening on account of un- ,
easiness over the effect of an unfavorable bank
statement. There was evidently profit taking
on a heavy speculative line of some of the lead- ,
Ing stocks, the effect being most pronounced in
the Northern Pacifies and St. Paul, the former :
running off a point. At the same time there ;
were points of strength In the market, notably
Baltimore and Ohio and Chicago Great West- !
crn, on reports of passing to the control of '
Great Northern Interests, looking to the forma
tion of a great transcontinental trunk line. One !
or two of the specialties also moved briskly up
ward. There was a covering of shorts In Sugar, '
thus eliminating the leading factor ci weak
ness from the market. As a consequence a lib
eral demand sprung up at the low level and
there was quite a notable absorption of stocks.
Prices of the coalers were bid up sharply in
the second hour on the strength of the Read- '
trip statement showing an increase for the fis- '■
cal year of over $1,000,000 in net earnings and '
a balance of almost 3 per cent after all prior ;
requirements applicable to dividends on the >
first preferred stocks. The completion of the [
large speculative selling In St. Paul brought '
that stock up again on buying invited by the '
traffic statement for the second week In Sep
tember, showing an Increase in earnings of '
1103.871 over last year's high level. The bank
statement also proved stronger than expected, i
with a surplus remaining of $4,240,400, and I
precipitated a general buying movement. Sugar ■
was suddenly raided down 3 per cent in the
final transactions In some of the specialties, I
but the general market held pretty firm at net i
gains throughout.
Railroad bonds have moved sharply upward i
in the latter part of the week on the increased I
volume of business. United States 2's have ad
vanced Va. per cent, the 3's. when issued, %
per cent and other Government issues Vi per
cent In the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 178,800 shares,
Including: Burlington. 3720; Northern Pacific,
27,530; do preferred, 700; Union Pacific, 8774;
St. Paul, 11.400; Union Pacific preferred. 8250- !
Tobacco, 8580; Chicago Great Western, 3520;
People's Gas, 31S0; Sugar, 34,042.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison ..' 13 St> Pacific 22%
Do prefd 35 So Railway 9
Baltimore & Ohio 44 Do nrefd 341,4
Canada Pacific .. 86% Texas & Pacific.. 14%
Canada Southern. 53% Union Pacific 33% !
Central Pacific .. 23 Do prefd 67 !
Ches & Ohio 23,* V P D & G 6%
Chi & Alton 157 Wabash git
Chi B & Q 115% Do prefd 22%
Chi & E 111 55 Wheel & _ E..... 2%
CC C & St L.... 41% Do prefd istj.
Do nrefd 85 Express Companies^-
Del & Hudson... 10S Adams Ex 113
Del L & W 150 American Ex .... 130
Den &R G 14 United States . 40
Do prefd 66% Wells Fargo 120
Erie (new) 13% Miscellaneous—
Do Ist nrefd 36% A Cot Oil 3G% !
Fort Wayne 171 | Do prefd 84% I
Gt Nor prefd 137 Amn Spirits 12% I
Hocking Valley... 6% Do nrefd 35%
Illinois Central .. 113U Am Tobacco ... IMS.
Lake Erie & W.. 17% Do prefd 130'
Do prefd 74 Vi People's Gas io.V>;
Lake Shore '192% Cons Gas ....181
Louis & Nat>h.... 57>4 Com Cable C 0.... 170 -
Manhattan L .... 96' 4 Col F & 1r0n..... 21%"
Met St Ry 155% Do prefd ... 80
Mich Central in:, Gen Electric .... 46%
Minn & St _.-.:.. 27 Illinois Steel 70%
Do Ist prefd.... 89% Loclede Gas 49%
Mo Pacific 34% Lead 3*
Mobile & 0hi0... 27% Do nrefd ........ 110%
Mo X & T 1114 N-Ht Lin Oil 2
Do prefd 33V4 Haw Com C 0..... 28
Chi Ind & L BV4 Pacific Mall 32%
Do prefd 30 Pullman Palace... 18S
M J Central S3%i Silver Certificates 60*4
N V Central 116% Stand R & T 7\4
N V Chi A.- St L.. 13 Sugar . . 122%
Do Ist nrefd.... 65 Do prefd 111H
Do 2d i>refd... 32 T C & Iron 29%
Nor West 14% v S Leather 7%
No Amer Co 6=S, Do prefd 69%
No Pacific 41% v S Rubber...... 45%
Do prefd 78% Do prefd 104%
Ontario & W 16 West Union ...... 9314
Or R & Nay 57 C & N W 132'
Or Short Line.... 33% Do prefd ........ 175
Plttsburg ......... 169 St I, « SW 4%
Reading 18% Do prefd- 12
Do Ist nrefd.... 45 R O W.. 27
Rock Island ..... 103% Do prefd . . 65
St Louis & S F.. 8% Chi G W... 1574
Do Ist prefd.... 65% p a c C Ist nrefd... 83
Do 2d Drefd 34% Do 2d prefd.... 65%
,St Paul ....... 110% Intl Paper C 0.... 62%
Do prefd 167 Minn Iron ....... 95
St P & Ova 82 Chi & E 111 prefd. 10<!
Do prefd ...159 Brooklyn R T.... 59
St P M & M 168
CLOSING BONDS.
D S new 3s .'. 103% N J C 5s ; 113%
V S new 4s reg.. 125% N Carolina 65..... 125
Do coup ..: 125% Do 4s 103
U S 45............. 111% No Pac lsts.. 112%
Do coup 112% Do 35*...... 68
Do 2ds ..:.; 99 Ix> «s IQH4
TJ S 5s reg ....... 1*5% N.T C ft St L 4s. 106%
Do 6s c0up....... 113% Nor & W 65....... 128
District 3.65s ....'. 117 Northwutm - cons. 142
Ala class A ICS Do deb E5.. ...... 120
Do B 105 O Nay 1et5.....:.. 114%
Do C 100 O Nay 45....' 99%
Do Currency ... 100 OS Line 6s tr.... 126
Atcnison 4s 95 O SLlne 5s tr 106
Do adj 4s 72% Pacific 6s of 95.... 102%
Can So 2ds.. 10S% Reading 4s 83,%
Chi Term 4b 88% ROW 15t5....... 89%
C & Ohio 5s 115 Bt L4I M C ss. 98%
C H & D 4H5..... 104% St L & 8 F G 6s. 119
D & R G lsts.... 110 St P Con 152
D & R G 4s 96% St P C & P lets. 119
East Term lsts.. 10".% St P Con 152
Erie Gen 4s-. 72 St PC & P lsts. 119
F W & D lsts tr. T5 Do 6s 117
Gen Elec 6s 108% So Railway 55.... 97%
aH & S A 65.... 105 Stand R& T 65... 78
Do 2ds 102% Term new set 3s. 91
H & T C 6b 110% Tex P L G lsts. 106%
Do con 6s 108 Do Rg 2ds 46%
lowa C lsts 104 UPD & G lsts.. 77
Kan P Con tr.... 103% Wab Ist 65....... 111%
La new cons 45.. 103 Do 2ds .. 90
L & N Uni 45.... 89% W snore 4s 10614
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 76%
M X & T 2d5.... 62% Do deferred .... 8%
Do 4s SSV Wls Cent lets.... 57%
N V Central lsts. 116
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 Ontario 8 50
Crown Point ..... 13 Ophlr 72
Con Cal & Va.... 82 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 35 1 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry... 20 Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcross. SO Sierra Nevada 80
Homestake 45 00 Standard 150
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 20
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket.... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
' Money— Westlnghouse El. 30
Call loans 2%@3% Do prefd 57
Time loans ....4 ®5 Ed El Mcl 184
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd... 99
A T & S F 12% Atchison prefd ... 35
Amer Sugar 122% Bonds-
Do prefd 112 Atchlson-4s 92%
Bay State Gas... 1% Enw England 6s. 113
Bell Telephone 278 ■ Mining Shares^
Boston & Albany. 2374 Allouez Mm C 0... 3
Boston A Maine. 162% j Atlantic 26
Chi Bur & Q.... 115*4 Boston & Mont... 226
Fitchburg 104 V Butt* & Boston.. 23%
Gen Electric 78% Calumet & Hecla. 570
Illinois Steel 70 Centennial 17
Mexican Central.. 6% Franklin 13 •
NY & New Eng. 9S Osceola 64
Old Colony 190*4 Quincy «.... 116
Or Short Line.... 34 Tamarack 172
Rubber 45% Wolverine 26<4
Union Pacific .... 33% Parrott 22%
West End 85%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The stock markets
here were stagnant to-day, but steady, and
closed <"^od on an unconfirmed rumor that the
French Cabinet has consented to a revision of
the Dreyfus case. Arr»ricans opened firm,
eased a little on realizations and closed steady.
Baltimore and Ohio was good on the changed
control of the line.
The New York demand for gold increases,
and seventy million in sovereigns were taken
from the Bank of England for shipment to New
York, which apparently pays better than eagles,
for which the bank -'ill charges 76s 9d.
Canadian Pacific. 89%; Grand Trunk, 7%, Bar
silver steady, 2S%d. Money Vi per cent. j
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— Despite the loss of
over $11,000,000 in cash to the treasury and to
the interior last week, the surplus reserve of
the Associated Banks shows a shrinkage of
only $2,536,375, making the excess above the re
quirements $4. 240,400. The statement in the
face of known facts must be regarded as fa
vorable, although the banks seem loaned to
their limit.
Loans have been' contracted for 12, 130.500.
This, with the loss of $7,795,000 specie, 1 educed
the deposits $19,534,500, making a loss in this
item alone about $40,000,000 In two weeks.
Loans In the same time have fallen off more
than J15.000,000, but as showing the effect of
the payments of new bonds on New York
banks, it may be stated that the aggregate de- 1
posits of the banks are now $65,000,000 lower
than on July 16. while loans are actually $14,
000,000 higher. This, of course, has resulted in
a heavy contraction of reserves, the loss in
cash approximating between $56,000,000 and $57,
000,000.
The principal causes which have led to this
drainage of reserves are now ending and fur
ther trouble will be obviated by treasury op- |
erations. New York institutions have added !
$«,000,000 or $7,000,000 public deposits within a
week. Only about J20.000.000 of the new bond
Issue remains unpaid and this will be collected
in installments. On the other hand, gold im
ports received or arranged amount of $7,000,
000, exclusive of Australian consignments, and |
the firm rate prevailing here has brought the
cash from surrounding cities. The net loss to
the interior last week did not exceed $2,000,000,
which is very much under the average at this
season, and the shipments will continue small
for some time. It is not scarcity of money,
that is, a lack of per capita circulation, which
has caused the present state of affairs, but |
rather the adjustment due to temporary treas
ury absorptions. This factor, happily. Is be- i
ing eliminated and within the next few weeks 1
will have disappeared. If there was . appre- I
hension otherwise money would not be freely
offering to-day In the principal cities under 1
4 per cent. New York was a dear money mar
ket last week, simply because the greater part
of the work in connection with the new loan j
fell to local banks.
NEW YORK GRAIND AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK Sept. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
32,196 barrels; exports, 3425 barrels. Quiet but
steadier held.
WHEAT— Receipts, 2G7.323 bushels; exports.
31.580 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red. 72*', c
f. o. b. afloat to arrive .and spot. Options
opened fairly steady, but gradually eased off
under long; selling and predictions of larger
spring wheat receipts next week. Pressure was
mostly In September wheat, which closed %c
lower, against '«"'**£ decline In other deliveries.
September, 70-'Q7i%c, closed 70»4c; December,
67^(567i4c, closed 67«e.
HOPS— Steady; common to choice, 1896 crop,
4'&6c; 1597 crop, S@l2c; 1898 crop, 14@15c; Pacific
Coast, 1596 crop, ~ 4@6c; 1897 crop, B@l2c; 189S
crop, 14@17c.
WOOL— Dull; fleece. 17@23c; Texas, 13@15c.
PIGIRON— DuII; Southern, $12.
LEAD— Steady: $3 85.
TIN PLATES— Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 points lower. Sales, 92.V) bogs, including Sep
tember. $5 2O'as 25. Spot Coffee— Rio. dull; No.
7 Invoice, 6Hc: No. 2 Jjbbing. 6%c. Mild— Quiet;
Cordova, 8*5 15 c. .• -.
SUGAR— Raw strong; fair refining. 3 13-16®
3 7 mc; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c. Refined— Strong:
mold A, Hie; standard A, 5%c; confectioners'
A, s^c; cut loaf, 5 15-lBc; crushed, 5 15-16 c;
powdered. £>%c: granulated, 5%c; cubes, 5%c.
PUTTER— Receipts. 2864 packages. Firmer;
Western creamery ■ 14%(g21c; El Kins, 21c; fac
tory. 11%i514c.
EGOS— Receipts, 3765 packages. Firm; West
ern, 16% c.
DRIET") FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— California Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@Sc;
choice, 9%e; fancy, 9%^ 10c.
PRUNES— 4<& 6c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@13c; Moorpark, 13<g:i6c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7<e?9c; peeled. 12<&15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sept. 17.— Wheat situation had
no fresh light shed upon it by early cablegrams
or dispatches, but the market started at a
slight Improvement , for December delivery-
September, however, -showed a tendency In the
opposite direction, and that becoming more pro
nounced It dragged the active ' option In its
wake. A factor which helped the market
somewhat at the start was the report that, a
prominent business man of Ohio, who is now
traveling in Russia, had written to this coun
try that he had learned from a Russian official
that the Wheat crop In the Volga District was
a failure, and that 80,000,000 bushels of Wheat
from other parts of Russia would be required
to feed the population of that province. The
rank and file of, the speculative crowd was like
the leaves of the aspen, which quiver even
when the air is calm, and that supersensltlve
ness was shown by the flutter in the market
that attended the spreading of the oft-told tale
I from the Volga. The Atlantic port clearances
of Wheat and Flour for the day amounted to a
I heavy aggregate, and that was the cause of con
! siderable firmness in the market near the close.
j Including clearances from New Orleans, Gal
veston and Newport News, Wheat and- Flour
I amounted to 715.000 bushels. September closed
unchanged and December %c higher. s<*''?
Corn was dull, but firm. The initial up-turn
was due to moderate buying by commission
houses: Prices held steady on a very dull trade
I throughout the session and closed near the. top
j price of the day. December closed Vie higher.
; Oats demonstrated their ability to follow
Corn. . Trading was light and nothing of Im
i portance developed. May rose : %@iic. - '
Provisions were firmer, but very quiet. Pack
ers were inclined to buy, and . there was no
pressure to sell. The feature of the day's trad
, ing was the purchase of 1,300,000 pounds of ribs
| by a prominent packer. The general trade was
I light, and the range of prices inconsequential.
I Pork and ribs are unchanged , and lard is 2%c
i higher. .
j The leading futures ranged as follows: - ■•"' .".
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . -
September ......... 65% 65 (A% 65%:
! December.... 62% 62% .62%. 62%
May 64% 64% 63% 64V4.
Corn No. 2— . "
September 29% 30 29% 29%
December 29% 29% 29% 29%
May : 31% 31% 31% ,31%
Oats No. 2— ■
I September ......... 20% »•* • , 20% 20% 20%
December 20>4 20% 20% 20%
May ....:........... 22% 22% 22 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel— " >■. :
October .V.......... 830 8 32% 830 '/ 830
December .8 35 8 42% 835 8 37%
January 9 20 920 9 17% 9 17%
Lard, per 100 pounds- ■ ■ <
October ............ 4 72% 4 77% 4 72% .4 77%
December ..;'.. 480 4 82% 480 - 4 82%
January '.:.....:... 4 87% 490 4 87% 490
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— • . .
September •;;?..'.'■■'.■..... 530
October ...........; 625 -.6 27% 625 5 27%
January ........;.. 470 V 4 72% 470 ;.4 70
Cash quotations were as follows: . ..; ,
Flour, steady; ; special v brands, $4 , 25@4 60:
bard winter patents, r : IS ; 40@3 «0; : soft > patent,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SITNDAT, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
$3 30@S 40; straight. $3@3 10; bakers, $2@2 10;
No. 2 spring wheat, 64(j?65 s <«# No. 2 spring
wheat, 62<ff65%c; No. 2 red, 65% c; No. 2 com,
SOftSOVic; No. 2 oats, 21V4@21%c; No. 2 white,
24(&25c; No. 3 white. 23«f24c; No. 2 rye. 47Vi@
47% c; No. 2 barley. 39®>44c; No. 1 flaxseed. 8»c;
prime timothy seed, $2 47%; mess pork, per bbl,
$8 4<yf?B 45; lard, per 100 lbs, $4 77%«4 82%:
short ribs sides (loose), $5 16@E 35; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), $4 50@4 75; Bhort clear sides
(boxed). $5 60@6 70; sugar, cut loaf. 6.10 c; gran
ulated, 6.64 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 6,800 6,200
Wheat, bushels 164 400 1R9.400
Corn, bushels 338.500 318,000
Oats, bushels 399 800 605,300
Rye, bushels 29,250 25,000
Barley, bushels 97,200 6,100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@20c; dairies,
12%(517c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 13%@14c. Cheese,
steady; creameries. 7(jfS%c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sept. 17.— CATTLE— The meager
offerings of cattle to-day were quickly taken
at a sharp advance In values. Choice steers,
$6 35<g5 75; medium, $4 80#5; beef steers, $4 10®
4 75; stockers and feeders, $3@4 65; bulls, $3 25<9
4 25; cows and heifers. $2 75@4 25; cows, $4®
6 70; Western rangers, $2 75@4 50; fed Westerns,
steers, $4 10@5 40; Texans, $3 25<3T> 15.
HOGS— The demand for hogs was active and
prices ruled stronger* to 2%c higher. Fair to
choice, $3 87%ifj-4 05; packing lots, $3 eCXg^ 85;
butchers', $3 60@4 05; mixed, $3 65@4 02%; lights,
$3 65^4 05; pigs, $2 90-S3.
SHEEP— Were slightly lower than yester
day. Native sheep, $3^4 50; Western rangers,
$3 ,5^4 45; poor to prime lambs, $3 bo®« 15;
feeding lambs, $4@5 SO.
Receipts— Cattle, 400; hogs, 20,000; sheep, 6000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
150. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts. 5000. Market steady to a
shade lower; bulk of sales, $3 6W* "5: heavies,
$3 70ff3 80; packers, $3 65@3 75; mixed, $3 60'fl!
3 75; lights, $3 60(53 70; yorkers, $3 65@3 70; pigs,
$3 3.'iJT3 6.1.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market steady; lambs,
$4igs 10; muttons, $3454.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Sept. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1200.
Market steady to easier; native beef steers,
$4 1695 25; Western steers, $3 75fg"4 50; cows and
heifers. $3@3 80; stockers and feeders, $3 70@
4 61; bulls, stags, etc. $2 2MM.
HOGS— Receipts, 5900. Market strong; heavy.
$3 C.r.fT-3 75; mixed. $3 BOS 67' 3 ; lights, $3 67%®
8 71%: bulk of snles. $3 67%<?r3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 300. Market steady: na
tive muttons. $3 60<!?4 10; Westerns, $3 50@4;
etoekers, $3 25@4; lambs. $4<??5 20.
DENVER.
DENVER. Sept. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 100.
Market steady. Beef steers. $3 MM? 4 50; cows,
t3ft3 ?.->; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 755?4;
Ktockers do, $3 ROffl 10; bulls and stags, $2'5S.
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market firm. Light
packers. $3 7O r ji3 75; mixed. $3 65@3 70; heavy,
$3 8003 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
COTTON MARKET.
NETW YORK, Sept. 17.— COTTON— Weak;
middling, s^c.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 17.— COTTON— Easy;
middling, 5Hc; good middling, 5 7-16 c; middling
fair. 5%c.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— The Imports of specie
this week were $2,226,651 in gold and $44,487 in
silver.
Exports of goli r>nd silver from this port
to all countries aggregate $862,000 silver bars
and coin and $219,9K5 gold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Sept. 17.— Consols, 109 18-16; silver,
28i*d: French rentes, 102f 35c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, less active; cargoes
on passage, quieter. 6d lower.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 17.-Wheat steady: No.
1 standard California. 6s ld(s?6s 2d; wheat In
Paris quiet: flour in Paris, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-32 d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; September.
6p 9%d: December. 5s S^d: March, 5s 5V«d.
Spot steady; No. 2 red Western, 5s lid.
CORN— Spot firm: American mixed new, 3s
H4d. Futures quiet: September, 3s l%d; Octo
ber. 3s l\d; December. 3s 3H<J.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter steady, 8s
3d.
LONDON. Sept. 17.— HOPS— Pacific Coast
firm. ' 2 ss'3'£4 ss.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 17.— Exchanges, $187,
051; balances. $36,467.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or. Sept. 17. — WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla. SR^fr^c; valley and blue stem, (WfTtite.
Cleared— Steamship Braemer, for China and
Japan, with 36,f>75 barrels of flour and 1000 toiis
general cargo.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Sept. 17—WHEAT—Weak
er and lower; club, 58c; blue stem, 61c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine -Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 46 44)4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS
WHEAT— The week closed ver" dull as far
as sample lota were concerned, though futures
were higher and a little more active.
Spot Shipping. $1 13%@1 15; milling.
$1 17%<gl 22%. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctlß, *1 17%.
Second Session— December— ctls, $1 18U;
4000, $1 is%; M.ooo. $1 ]S%.
Regular Morning I December 2ooo
ctls, $1 18%: 2000, |1 18%.
BARLEY — market was dull but firmer,
and sellers succeeded in obtaining a small ad
vance.
Feed, $1 15@1 IS%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December—
ctls. $1 17%; 2000. $1 18%. 'TV'
OATS— The demand continues very slack and
prices rule weak and unchanged. Fancy Feed.
$1 1001 22% per ctl; good to choice, 1112%®
1 2"- common, $1 O7 I /3 / 10; Surprise, nominal;
Gray, $1 10®M5; milling, $1 Vtm 20 per ctl.
CORN— Offerings are neglected and quota
tions are unchanged. Small round yellow,
1125: Eastern large yellow, $1 07%; white,
isl 12 V,: mixed. $1 02%<fH 05 per ctl.
RYE— 15@1 17% per ctl. -.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras. $4 1504 26; bakers'
I extras, $4©4 13 per bbl. v ;;; J.,.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks j are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 13 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, |2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
i Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groat*,
; 14 50; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buckwheat Flour, 14
i ©4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 £0;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats (bar •
I rels), $5 Ss@-6 25: in sacks. |5 6506 03; Pearl Bar-
I ley. $5;. Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 60 per
100 ' I*B. ______
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market is slowly working, around
Into better shape, owing to the falling off in
i receipts already noted. Several kinds have
! made a small advance. Still, dealers do not
\ look for any marked rise In prices at present,
as there is considerable Hay due to arrive
'' within the next few days. The market, how
! ever, is firm, and in shape where It can be
' managed. •'
BRAN— sl4^ls 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIS@2O per ton.
FEEI'STUFFS-Rolled Barley. $25 per ton;
! Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31631 50; Jobbing,
$32632 SO; Cocoanut Cake, |24#25; Cottonseed
Meal, 128930 per ton; Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
Cracked Corn, $24fx24 50.
CALIFORNIA IlAY— Wheat, |13 So@l6 50 for
I good to choice, and $12013 for lower grades; no
1 fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $13© 15; Oat,
I $13<&14 50: Island Barley, |10@ll 50; Alfalfa,
$12003; Stock. |10@U; Clover, nominal. •■ ;
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat, $12 50@13 50; Oat. > $11®12 60; Cheat
$11 2. r 75; Timothy, 111013; Alfalfa, |10@ll 50
per ton.
STRAW— per bale. ;
BEANS AND SEEDS..
Beans are steady as , a • rule and not mate- ■
rially changed. The quotations for Bayos now
represent the new crop, which ': Is coming in
dally. Increased arrivals :of green : Peas are
I expected shortly. : ' ' !'■~.'• '.. \ '
' BEANS— Bayos, $2 lo®^ 30: Small • Whites.
, S2W2 15; Large Whites. $1 75@1 90; • Pinks,'
;$2 30@2 40; r Reds, nominal; Blackeye, • $3 :ls<a
3 25; Butters, nominal; .- Limas, • . $3 25; . Pea
SI 90<??2 10; Red Kidneys, 12 50(52 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25@4 60 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. *"?>4 12%: Flax, nominal, $2©
2 10; Canary Seed, ? 2%@2%c per 1b; < Alfalfa
from Utah, 6c; Rape, 2Vi@3%c; Hemp, 2%0>3c;
Timothy, u&'.'^c. '••'.; ■■ ■■.-..,•■. • ■-. .. .-.,;..
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 50; Green. $17602 25
per ctl. . ■ ,-,■ «
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There is nothing new In any description; .The
market '■> is 'well " supplied ■ and the demand - ; Is
sufficient . to check any accumulation ; of stock.
POTATOES— 4O®SOc lln I sacks I for Early | Rose
and 45<?70c Tln sacks . and * 75c@$l -in ' boxes for
Burbanks: Salinas- Burbanks. '7sc@sl 20; Sweet
Potatoes, -l@l%c per lb for nearby and l%@2Vc
for Merced. : -• < -■■'■'.■■?■ ■ - : .- . ■ ■•■ •-•,-.■ .
ONIONB-^o®«sc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions. 75cg$l» per ctl.
■.. ; VEGETABLES-Green Feu, 60«o; i String
Beans, l%@3c; Lima Beans. 2@3c; Bay
Squash, 25(g>30c; Green, Peppers, 25@400 tar
Chile and 25@40c for Bell; Cabbage. 50c per
ctl ; Carrots, 30@B0c per sack; Bay Cucumber»,
25@40c; Pickles, $1 s(Xg!l 65 for No. 1 and 75c@$l
for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 35@50c; Bay Toma
toes, 35<g60c; Green Corn, 73c(??$l per sack
for Vacaville. $1 25<g>l 50 per crate for Alameda,
<oc@|i tor Berkeley; Garlic, 2@2%c ! per lb;
Green Okra. 40@65c; Dried Okra, B@loc per.lb;
Egg Plant, 40@60c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$S®lo per ton. -..,.. .-/-.:
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes
sliced, raw, 12c per Ib in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, 16@18c: 1 granulated, raw, J3c;
Onions,. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c; ,
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes 50c
POULTRY AND GAME.
The usual car of Eastern will be put on the
early part of the week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@17c for Gob
blers and 10@13c for Hens; Geese, : per pair,
$1 25@1 60; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks. $3@3 50
for old and $3@4 50 for young; Hens, $4<§>s;
Roosters young, $4 5005 50; Roosters, old, $4 25 i
@ 4 50; Fryers, $4: Broilers, $3 50 for large,
12 50©3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 60 per dozen
for young and $1 25@1 50 for old. v
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS. ■
Both Butter and Eggs are firm at the recent
advance. Cheese shows no change. The market
Is quiet all around. ' r - »•'-
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 26@270; seconds,
24g25e.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21@24c; common
grades. 17%@200.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18i!r20c; pickled roll,
21@21%c; creamery tub, 21@22%c.
Eastern Butter— packed, 16@16%c per
lb: Elgin, 22022% c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@llc; old, S%@
9%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
lOH011%c: Eastern, 120>13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 260300 per dozen: store
Eggs, 15(522c; Eastern, 15@17%c for ordinary
and 21(5 22c for ; fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The situation Is as previously noted. Melons
and Grapes are in large supply and slow of
sale. Peaches are quiet. Pears and Plums are
firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, ?2@3 per chest for large and
$/6<£?S for small.
Figs, nominal.
Cantaloupes, 50@75c per crate; Nutmegs, 25rlp
POc per box; Watermelons, $15025 per hundred
for large and $5012 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, S@9e per lb.
Quinces, 50085 c.
Pomegranates, nominal.
White Grapes. 25040 c per box: Black Grapes,
25&40 c; Muscats, 350£0 c: Seedless, ; To
kay. 25J?50c; crates sell about 10c higher than !
boxes; Isabellas, $101 25 per crate. fr^_
Blackberries, $2 50@4 50 per chest.
.Plums. 40<860c per crate and 40@60c per box;
in bulk, $20 per ton.
Peaches, 50®'85c per box for good to choice
and 40c for common stock.
Raspberries, $608 per chest.
Apples, 35060 c for common. 75c®$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for Mce.
Bartlett Pears, $101 50 per box and $50060 :
per ton for No. 1 and 750«0c per box and $40
per ton for ripe and Inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $I@l 60 for Va- j
lenclas, $1(51 25 for St. Michaels, 75c@$l for |
Mediterranean Sweets and 50@'75c for Seedlings; !
Lemons. $202 50 for common and $305 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $607: Califor
nia Limes, 75c0>$l 50: Bananas. $1 25@2 25 per
bunch ; Pineapples, $304 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
The condition of the market remains as pre
viously noted. There Is a fair demand at un
changed prices.
DRIED FRUIT — New Prunes, 6c for
40-50" s 6©6% c for 50-60' s, 4%c for 60-70" s, 3%,
@>4c for 70-So's, 3V4@3V4c for 80-90" s, 2\@3c for
80-100' s and 202% c for 100-110" Peaches, 6%!gi
B%c for good to choice and 9@loc for fancy;
Apricots, 91012 c for Royals and 10@13c for j
Moorpark; Evaporated Apples. 7%©7% c; sun I
dried, 4@sc; Black Figs, sacks, 2@2%e: Plume, I
6@6c for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; Necta
rines, 6®7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 7©7% c
for quarters and B®loc for halves.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown, 4c for three- '
crown, 4%c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3V4c for Seedless Muscatels and $120
for London Layers; dried Grapes, Ic.
Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell, 7c for
eoftshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, B%®9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
6%c for Eastern and 4%c for California; . Pe
cans, 6%08c; Filberts, • S%01Oc; Brazil Nuts,
E@9c per tt>; Cocoanuts, $4 50<26 per hundred.
HONEY— Comb, 9010 c for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5%@
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5%c per It).
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
PROVISION&
CURED' MEATS— B%c per Tb for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10% c for light, lie
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%@Uc; Califor
nia Hams, 9%01Oc: Mess Beef, $10010 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef. $11@11 50; Family Beef,
$12*i12 !>0; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear,
fU&U 50; men, *16 So®l6; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per in. T.;*i*
Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 7%c for pure; palls. 8c; Call- j
fornia tierces, 5c per lb for compound and 7c
for pure; half barrels, 7>4c; 10-Ib tins, 8c; 6-lb !
tins, K»4C.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs — 1-Ib palls, 60 In a case, !>%c;
3-Ib palls, 20 In a case, S%c; 6-tb palls, 12 In a
case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20 I
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, "%c; half i
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per n>.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, B%c; Cow
hides, 8%09%c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15@15%c; culls and brands,
12@13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17@18c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short
wool, 30@40c each: medium, 60@S0c; long wool, j
90c@$l 10 each; Horsehldes, salt, $2 25 for
large and $I@l 75 for small; Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry. $1 50@l 75 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3U@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%02%c; refined, 4%®4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9^l2c. Spring — Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern, / 7 months', S@loc: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12(5'14c; Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10@12c; .Middle County, 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 14@16c: Nevada, 10014 c;
Eastern Oregon, 10@12c; Valley Oregon. 15@17c.
HOPS— crop. 10@13c; 1897 crop, nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4%e; Wool
Bags, 26@28c: San . Quentln Bags, $4 :.5; Fruit
Bags, sc, 5%c and 5%c for the three grades of
white and 7@Sc for brown.
Wellington. $8 tier ton: New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seat
tle. $G; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,;
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 ■in bulk and $1125 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel* $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, "He; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6Vic; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A, 6c: California A. 6%c; Magnolia A,
6%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 6%c; half bar
rels, %c more than barrels, and boxes He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All kinds remain as previously quoted.
• Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6@6V4c; second quality,
sic; third quality, 4®6e. -
VEAL— f>!&'6c; small. o-£@Bc per lb. ■
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@7c; Ewes, 6@6%0
per lb. . i '.••->■.
LAMB— Kprlnp Lamb. 7%®Bc per lb.
. PORK— Live Hogs. 3* 4 c for large, 4@4%c for
medium and 3V 4 (?j3V4c for Efnall; stock Hogs,
2@3c; dressed Hogs.. sH(g>6Hc. .^J.>:
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE, f
For Saturday. September 17.
Flour, qr sks ...13,1'.S Hops, bales ..... 63 ;
Wheat, ctls 1,875 Hay. tons ........ 206
Barley, ct15..:... - 230 Pelts, bdls : 105 ;
Corn, ctls 60 Hides, no ........ 293 j
Rye. ctls 640 Eggs, d0z \ ....... 10,790
Butter, ctls *.&.'. 267 Quicksilver, flsk. 100
Cheese, ctls 20 Leather, rolls ... 136
Beans, sks ...... 6C6 Lumber, ft ....... 20,000
Potatoes. skß ... 2.15? Wine, gals 20.450
Onions, sks 1,238 Brandy, gals .... 2,100
Bran, sks ..■ ■ 505 Raisins, bxs ;.... 1,200
Middlings, sks .. 645 Lime, bbls 240
Sugar, bags-.... 1,622 Powder, car ''■' :-l
Wool, bales ..... 233 :
'--.'' -.^■■:-"x- -i.^ '. OREGON. . ;■
Flour,' qr sks ... . 820 1 Hay, tons .....'...-■ 30
Oats, ctls ........ 700
THE STOCK MARKET.
There were not many changes in mining
stocks and the few were in the direction of
weaker quotations.
Ijocbl securities were fairly active at about
the prices of the preceding day.
The Eureka Con. assessment lalls delinquent
in office to-morrow.
The semi-annual coupon of $2 50 on the bonds
of the Oakland Gas Company is now payable.
The Eureka Con. DrlX Mining Company of
Placer County has levied an assessment of
half a cent per share, delinquent October 15.
The Portland Mining Company of Colorado
paid a dividend of 2 cents per share amount
ing to 160,000 on the 15th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Sept. 17—10:30 a. m.
Bld.Ask. i Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— S F G & E... BSV4 $&hi
4s quar c0up. .112 113 San Fran 3Vi 3%
4s quar reg...llO^lll>ii Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4s quar new...127^125V4 Insurance —
3s new 105 105V4 Firem"ti Fund. 2os —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks —
Cal-st Ca6 55. 115 — Contra Costa.. — 69
Cal El 6ds 125 — Marln Co 50 —
C C Wat 55...100%101H Spring Valley. 99%100
Dup-st ex c... — 9SV4 Bank Stocks—
EL & P 65..131%132 |Anglo-Cal .... 62% 65
F& CI Ry 6s. — 118 Bank of Cal.. — 248%
Geary-st R ss. 92%100 Cal S D & T.. — 9»
H C & S 4%5.100 105 First Nat .....205 —
LA LCo 65.. — 100" Lon P & A....128% —
Do gntd 65.. 98 100 Mer Exchange 14 —
Market-st 65..127 129% Nev Nat 8...161 1«J
Do Ist M 65.113%114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist— 97% Ger S & L..1560 —
N C NGRy 104% — Hum S & L.1050 1180
NRy Cal 6e.. — — Mutual Say. - 42%
N Ry Cal .105 — S F Say U.. 490 600
NPC R R 65.103^106 S& L 50.... — 88
NPC R R 55.100>4 — Security S B 300 —
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co.looo —
Oak Gas 6s 108 111% Street Railroads—
Om Ry 65.;...123 — California 108 —
P & Cl Ry 6s. 106 107 Geary. ......... 45 -—.= •
P & O 65..... 113%— Market-st ..... 64% — ■
Powell-st 65...119 — Presidio "...9 —
Reno W L&L.100 — Powder—
Sac El Ry 55.100 — California .....130 150
S F & N P 55.109 109 - E Dynamite... 85- —
SierraßCal 65.103 105% Giant Con Co. 49U 60
SPof Ar 6s..loß^lo*^ Vigorit ....... 2 2%
S P Cal 6s. 113 — Miscellaneous— '
SPC Is eg 55.1u2 — Al Pac A55n..102% —
SPBt 6s 118%U9 Ger Ld Wks..ir.O —
8 V Water 65.116% — Hana P C 0.... IS% 18%
S V Water 45. 103 103% H C & S Co.. 28% 28%
Stockton ■ Ga5..103 — Hutch S P Co. 58% 69
. Gas & Electric— Mer Ex Assn. 90 . —
Cent Gaslight.los — Nat Vln «5... — «
Cent L & P... 7% 9% Oceanic S Co. 56% 57%
Mutual El Co. 11 13 Pacific AF A. 1% '1%
Oakland Gas.. 52% 53 Pac Bot C 0... — 106
Pac Gas Imp.. BS% — Par Paint Co. 1 —
Pac L Co 43% 50 'v "; :
Mornlnr Session.
40 Alaska Packers' Association 103 00
. 20 r do do ....102 73
75 Hana Plantation Co 18 25
23 Hawaiian Commercial & Sup-ar 2S 50
25 do do 28 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co, b 30 ...58 87%
25 do do ...68 75
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
20 S F Gas & Electric C 0.....: 88 25
$ 300 U S3 per cent Bonds (c0up0n)......105 00
$1000 do do 105 12%
$ 700 U S 4 per cent Bonds (c0up0n).......112 50
300 Vigorit Powder 2 12%
Street—
100 Vigorit Powder 2 25
MINING STOCKS.
r Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
' v-'V, ■ Mornins Session.
200 Andes 111100 Occidental 90
200 Belcher 171 600 Ophir 54
100 Best A Belcher. 37 700 55
100 Challenge 19 IOC Overman 06
400Chollar ...; 19 200 Potosl 20
750 Con Cal & Va... 81 200 21
50 82 100 Savage 19
€00.. SO 500 ..18
600 Con Imperial .. 01 100 Sierra Nevada.. 83
200 Confidence - 55 200 82
200 Crown Point ... 17 200 Union Con 23
200 ■ 16 400 22
' 100 Gould & Curry.. 24 100 Yellow Jacket... 23
500 Julia 02 300 22
Following wert the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlne Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 37 400 Mexican 25
400 36 200 Ophir 58
300 Bullion ........... 04 200 56
i 200 Caledonia '. 29 300 55
200 ...". •••• 30 700 Savage 19
250 Con Cal & Va... 85 SCO Scorpion '04
200. . 81 200 Sierra Nevada.... 85
500 82 400 89
500 Gould & Curry-. 25 SCO Union Con 24
I 200 Justice 11400 ...... 25
500 10 400 Yellow Jacket... 24
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Sept. 17—12 m.
Bid.Ask. Julia 02 03
Bid.Ask. Justice — 09
Alpha 04 05 Kentuck ... 02 04
Alta 10 11 Lady Wash ... — 05
Andes 11 12 Mexican ....... 24 25
Belcher .* 16 17 Occidental 90 92
Benton Con ... 06 — Ophir 55 56
Best & Belcher 34 35 Overman 06 07
Bullion 04 05 Potosi 19 21
Caledonia 29 — Savage 18 19
j Chollar 18 20 Scorpion 03 —
Challenge Con. 19 20|Seg Belcher 02 04
Confidence 52 — Sierra Nevada. 82 83
Con Cal & Va. 80 82 Silver Hill .... — 15
Con Imperial .. — 02 Syndicate — 03
I Crown Point... 17 18 Standard .......165 160
i Con New York. — 03 Union Con ..... 23 24
I Exchequer ... — 04 Utah " 08 10
Gould & Curry. 23 241 Yellow Jacket. 22 23
Hale & Norcrs. 80 —
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
I
1
I
!
'
Name of Stock.
T.
\v.
T.
F.
Alpha
Alta
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia .■
Challenge
Chollar
Con Cal & Va
Confidence
Crown Point
Gould & Curry. ••'•■•"• •
Hale A Norcross. .;.
Justice —
Mexican
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental
Potosl
Savasre
SeR Belcher
Standard
Fierra Nevada
Union
Utah
Yellow Jacket
14
21
751
OS 031 04 04 041 04
12 10 11 12 10 10
14 11 IS 13 13| 12
21 19 22 22 1 19 • 17
34 26! 40 39 39 38
04 04 04 05 05 04
34 29 1 30 29 27 29
20 ' 15 20 20 20 19
23 20 23 24 21 19
75 1 94 94 93 87 85
431 40 50 55 i 54 55
20 16 20 20 17 18
25 22| 30 .30 27 25
80 80 1 81 83 81 .80.
16 13 14 13 13 10
27! 23 29 301 25 27
55 45 64 63 58 58
0!) 05 07 07 07 06
89 871 89 89 90 90
23 20 25 24 23 22
20 171 ' 20 20 17 19
04 04! 04| 03 03 04
50 1 50 5T.ll 53 1 65 1 55
SO 72 . 87 S3 SO 90
23 20 26 261 23 25
m\ 07 10 ! , 10! 09 OS
26 21 291 26 | 23 24
04
10
12
17
38
04
n
19
19
85
UNTRUTHFUL CLOCKS.
When I am traveling I never put the
slightest confidence in a household clock.
A hotel clock I can depend upon. There
are too many watches in a hotel— good
■watches, watches whose ahsolute cor
rectness means money to the commer
cial man who regulates the traveling life
of this country. A lying clock would
be spotted in a quarter of a second, and
the unhappy cl-^rk scourged with pitiless
sarcasm therefor. In the course of my
wanderings up and down this part of the
globe I missed a few trains and lecture
engagements by depending upon clocks
in the homes of my friends.
Having thus paid for my lesson — fifteen
or twenty thousand dollars, I think— by
my own computation of the value of my
lectures (set ahead a little bit. you know,
it may be a trifle fast; I haven't time
to look up the exact figures), I withdrew
all my trust for mantel clocks, espe
cially the highly ornamented marble-and
gilt Variety with silver bells or cathedral
chimes.— Robert J. Burdette in the La
dies' Home Journal.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
September, 1898.
Su.
4
11
6
«
13
v
Th.
1
8
15
la
Pr.
Mooa> Phases.
rfs-Last Quarter
September 7,
rty, SsewMoon.
VSX September 15.
-*l First Qua ter.
Jr September 22.
©Ful. onn,
September 29.
16
~23
2:.
2T
»j
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In Ran Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete seta of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always he obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Martlet street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telppraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the hall was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High arid Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 18.
Sun rises 5:54
Sun sets 612
Moon sets 7:14 p. m.
O Tlmel ITtme] JTime! Time
» [Feet. Feet, f iFeet. Feet.
™ |H W IL W jH W L W
18 0:46 4.8 6:IS 1.7J 12:25 5.2 7:01 0.2-
19 1:40 4.5 6:53 2.2 1:02 5.4 7:54 0.1
20 2:43 4.2 7:34 2.6 1:44 5.5 8:53 0.0
!1 3:59 4.0 8:25 2.9 2:32 5.5 9:58 —0.1
23 5:28 3.9 9:33 8.1 3:33 5.4 9:08 —0.1
23 6:46 4.1 10:56 3.2 4:50 5.2
LWHW L W H W
24 0:16 -0.1 7:47 4.4 12:18 3.1 6:11 5.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
; three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
[ given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
.17
asmenaw n acoma l»epi.n
ertha IRt. Michael Sept. lß
orth Fork Humboldt Sept.lJ
'eeott Humboldt Sept. lß
orona San Diego Sept. lß
:otia Humboldt Sept. lS
avarro Taqulna Bay Sept. lß
gnal Grays Harbor Sept. lß
'ellington Departure Bay Sept. lß
ustralla Honolulu Sept. l 9
ueen Victoria & Puget Sound Sept.lJ
omona Humboldt Sept. l 9
:arbuck Panama Sept. 19
rogrreuo Seattle Sept. l 9
el N'arte Grays Harbor Sept. l 9
Itanla |Nanalmo Sept. l 9
omer INewport Sept. 2o
3lumbla Portland Sept. 2o
lameda Sydney Sept. 2l
acklnaw Taeoma Sept. 2l
vita Rosa San Diego Sept. 22
jracao Taeoma ]Sept.22
rlstol Departure Bay Sept. 22
mpire Coos Bay Sept. 22
resoent City... Crescent City Sept. 22
hilkat Humboldt |Sept.22
:a te Ca II f orniai Portland I S<>pt . 23
'alia Walla.. ..lVlctorla & Puget BoundjSept.24
aos Bay [Newport ISept.2l
rcata ICoos Bay Sept. 2s
Illance (Portland Sept. 2s
riina IChlna and Japan jSept.2B
co. W. Elder..; Portland Sept. 26
MS
MS
MS
MS
MS
M 9
:.19
M 9
M 9
t.u
STEAMERS TO SAIL,.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
!oos Bay... Newport Sept. 18, 9 am! Pier H
T matilla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Sept. 18, 10 am|Pler 9
irizaba Mexico iSept. 18, 10 am;Pter 11
'hllkat .... Humboldt ....[Sept. 18. 2 pm I Pier 13
olon Panama ISept. 19. 12 n»iPMSS
'avarro .... Yaqulna Bay. l Sept. 19, 5 pmiPier 13
kW. Elder Portland Sept. 19, 10 amiPler 24
'orona ISan Diejro.... Sept. 20. 11 am [Pier U
Veentt ITtllamookß'ylSept. 20, 5 pmlPler 13
, rcata Coos Bay I Sept. 21. 10 am i Pier 13
'omona .... Humboldt.... Sept. 21, 10 am Pier 9
olumbla .. Portland Sept. 22, 10 am Pier 24
romer Newport Sept. 22. 9 amiPler 11
lueen Vie & Pgt S<l. [Sept. 23, 10 amiPler 9
ijjnal JGrays Harbor! Sept. 24, 4 pm
.ustralla ..(Honolulu Sept. 24, 2 pmlPler 7
nnta Rosa. ! San Diego Sppt. 24, 11 amlPier 11
tate of Cal^Portland iSept. 25, 10 amiPler 24
»ay. . .
lla ..
>a ....
it
ro
Destination.
in
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Sep
tember 17, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), V. 8. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 17.
-Stmr Mtneola, David, 82 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Newsboy, EHefsen, 14 hours from Nort
leys Landing:.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenßen, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
I Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, 22 hours from
Eureka. —
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, 80 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr George W Elder. Hlnkle, 60 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 51 hours.
Stmr George Loomls, Badger, :33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Navarro, Walvlg, 66 hours from Ya
qulna Bay.
Br ship Illawara, Carovossa, 143 days from
London.- :
Br ship Pericles, Philip, 53 days from New
castle, NSW.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, 38 days from Hon
olulu.
Schr Albert Meyer, Nielsen, 35 days from Ka
hulul.
Bchr S Danlelson, Crangle- 4 days from Shel
ter Cove. . "
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 4 days from
Phelps Landing.
, * CLEARED.
Saturday, September 17.
Stmr UmatlUa, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas, via San
Pedro; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu; O & O S Co.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Condor, Dexter, Manila; "W R Grace
& Co.
Stmr George W Elder, H inkle, Portland; O
R & N Co.
Ship Dlrigo, Goodwin, Seattle; Pacific Coast
Company.
Schr John G'■ North, . Anderson, Honolpu;
Hind. Ralph & Co. : . ■
»*,•>•, ,rs t S AIT/ED. r..>- --' > *»- .;■■'■■:■?■■
tX-!^? . * f "' > ""Saturdr~ September 17. '
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Ruth, Strand.
Stmr Glpsv, Glelow, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Lasuna, Ericsson. •
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Bark Aureola. Mercer. Willapa Harbor.
Bark Harry Morse. Fullerton. Puget Sound.
Bark Gatherer, Slater, Tacoma.
Schr Amethlst. Johannesen. Brxbee Landing.
• Schr Rio Rev. Johnson, Eureka.
■ Schr Corinthian, Korth, Coos Bay. .
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOP. Sept 17— M p. m. —Weather,
thick; wind, SW; velocity. 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Martha Davis loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Santa Rosa loSds lumber at Moodyvllle
for Payta; Semlnole, lumber at Moodyvllle for
Melbourne, 52s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Per Br ship Illawara— July 12— Let 5 S, long
SO W, Br ship Falls of Afton. from Newcas
tle, Engr. for Rnn Francisco.
miscell/. rnous..
The pilot boat America bound In from sea
this evening. Sept 16. collided with an out
ward hound steamer off the Presidio. The pilot
boat had one of her stays carried away and
sustained other slight damage. The name of
the stenmer was not ascertained.
PAN PEDRO, Sent 15— The schr Twilight,
which sailed from this port on the 10th lnst.,
returned this evening on account of the cap
tain being sick with a sore leg, the result of
an accidental shot on board his vessel about
the 7th of this month.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Albert Meyer— Sept -ats p. m.— l 2 miles
off Point vtr es saw a four-ma«ted ship painted
lead color. Also a bark In the same position.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 16— Br ship Argo,
from Antwerp.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived Sept 17— Bark
Topgallant, from Honolulu; schr John A
Campbell, from San Pedro.
REDONDO— SaiIed Sept 17— Schr Maggie C
Russ. for Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Sept 17-Schr J
A Campbell, for Port Blakeley; U S stmr U S
Grant, fnr Seattle.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Pomona,
hence Sept 16; stmr Brunswick, hence Sept IS.
Sailed Sept 17 — Stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay;
stmr National City, for San Francisco; stmr
North Fork, for Pan Francisco; schr Bertie
Minor, *<♦- San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Su
nol. from Seattle.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Sept 17— Stmr Progreso
for San Francisco; stmr Protection, for St
Michael.
PORT LOS ANOELES-Arrived Sept 16-Aus
stmr Slam, from Nanalmo.
EUREKA— SaiI»d Sept 17— Stmr North Fork
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 17— Schr
John A Campbell, from San Pedro; bark Ger
mania,. hence Aug 19.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Curacao
hence Sept 13.
Sailed Pept 17— Stmr Cottage City, for Dvea
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived Sept lfr-Schr Em
ma Utter, hence Aug 31: schr Laura May hnc
Aug 25: prhr La Girnnde. from Redondo
Sailed Sept 15— Schr Fannie Adele, for San
Francisco.
REDONDO-SMled Sept lfi-Stmr South Coast
for San Francisco. l
EUREKA-Sailed Sept 17-Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
Eureka. PEDRO ~ Sa " P<l S * Pt 17 ~ Schr Allce - 'or
. FOREIGN PORTS
for^eTlound: Sa " ed SCPt Schr Prosper.
ba^^vVo^.^n^nco^e'r to Sept Br '
ANTWERP— RaiIed Sept 15— Br shin n,i, (ok '
General, for San Francisco. P Brltlsh
FALMOTJTH-Salled Sept 16-Br ship •Wynn- I
Btav. for Manchpstpr v vvynn-
cZ^S* Sept sh, P
.^SKSI. 15-Br Btmr
RAILROAD f TRAVEL. *
• ■ ---'-', ■'■".••■--■'.;*••  _^^_ '-'■'•",',",
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
___ "■'■■- • Via Sausalito Ferry. \ /
FRC?M n s^K rr R e A^A r ?- 1 ? to San Qnentlß.
WEFK DATS^r L Z°^ A " FRANCISCO.
an^a^aa?^:^^ d »- .
n^^T^^.-r-*--^* aim.; n:l5 .
FR™M n M?Lt. kk v A t t*S5 ii r -S m San Quentln;
a n ra A aa^n : oo° n p. Onday9 -
I^^J B^ 00 - »=& - »•: »* lk 3:30.
7-20 a. m wJ?? OUGH TRAINS.
SfiS raustSßST SiS."%KS
8: a. m. Bu n aay>-Dn ncan MIIU and war **'•.
m■■ RAILROAD TRAVEL. __
SOUTH KRN • I'AC'IFIC COJirAJIT.
_.: (PACIFIC sir«Tit»t.) , " ,
Train* imrc Mini Hrr due to arrive «4
NAN It A >« I «*<«>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LB atk — From Sept. 10. 1898. — a Karri
•6:00 a NHee, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a
7:00 a. Benlci», Huigun »nd Sacramento.... iO:4oa
7:OOa M»i7BTille, OroTiUe and Redding t1»
Woodland 55 s r
7:00 a. Elmlra, VacaTiUe and Ramsey.. .... 8:45P
7j»Oa Martinex, San Kamon. Vallejo. Napa,
C'aiUtoga and Santa Roßa Mar
»:OOa Atlantic JExpreas, Ogilen and Ka«t.. Bi+or
■■■•a San .lose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, M»rjHTllle,
' Ohloo. Tehama and Red Uluff.... ' 41»19p
SO a Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... Ttlsp
•BiBOa Milton »7i15»
■ i«Ua New Orleans Kipreiw, Merced, Fres-
■lo, liakenfield. Santa lUrhura.
1,06 Angeles, Demluß, El l'aso.
New Orleans and East «i4sr
1O:OOa Vallrj". Martinez and Way Stations 7:43*
•l:OOp Sacramento lUrer Ste«mera ;•••'. l)i "°'
liOOpNilen. San Jose and Way Stations... 11:43 a.
Han Jose, Nile* and Way Stations... J»:l3a.
8:00r Llrermore, Mendota, Hanford and
Visalla 4:13*
IJvermore, San Jose, Nile* and Way _
Stations ••••••■• :IO:13a
4iOOp Mortliier.. Han Ramon, Vallejo
Napa, Oallstoga. Xl Verano and
Santa Itoea..: .;'""£' •'"*
4t»op Benieia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights landing. Maryrrille, <)ro- •
Tllle and Sacranionto ■■■■■ l ° *|»*
4tBOp Nlles. Sao Jose, Tracy and Stockton '■ ' •> <•
4:SOp Stockton and Lodl •;;•;•••• 12slap
4:8«p Lathrop, Modesto, Fresno, Mojave, .
Santa Uarhara and l.«>» Angeles 7i4»a
4iBop Martinez. Merced (Raymond for
Yosemite, Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) and Fresno 12:15*
4iSop Santa K« Itonte. Atlantic Impress
for MoJaTo ami Ka5t.............. s '"*
•:OO P Kiironean Mall, Ogden and Kact.... » •■*»*
•6:oOpValle]<>. ...".....■ 7?: I ? ! Ii? i>
OiOOp lUjward*. Nll« ami Han .105e...... 7«4»A
{7ioop Vallejo, Port . Costa and Way Bta- fc
tlons J»:«»r
StOOp Oregon 15xi>reas,Hacrnmeuto, Marys-
Tlile. KeddliiK. Portland, Pi»«et
Bound and Kimt »H"A.
' HAS LKAMMtO AM" IUYVYAKHS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
~~ ' Melrajsa. Spmlnary Park, (.
8:00 a Fltchbarpr, Elmfmrst, .•ili'-it
iS.oOA San LfMidro. South 8a« \Z"%i
10.00 a. Leandro. K«tuiiillo, la-.i.ip
<11>OOa • Lorenzo, Cherry ■ tl:43r
J12:OOm and ♦2:1.-, P
jjjoop Ilarrfards. t5:45p
7«OOr { Rung through to Nile*. 7:43p
J t From Niles. I
COAST DIVISION (.Narron Uauge). ~T"
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Kxcnreiou, Santa Crnz
and Principal Way Stations ....... JB:o3p
8:15 a Newark. Oeuterville. San Jose.Feiton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations..... 8:3O*
•2:13p Newark, ConterrlHe, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "1O:3Oa.
4:13p San Jose. Glenwood * Way Stations ' 9:2i» a.
04:13p Boulder Creek and fiaota CMi» ji>:2»A ■
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
»r««i SIR r&iHCISCO— rut «f Htrktt Strait (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. (1:00 *2:00 13:03
•4:00 J5:00 ' *6:00r.n.
from 01IL1KD— root tf Bro>4wiy— "B:oo 8:00 10:00 km. '
t!3:00 •1:00 t2:00 *3.00 . ti:00 *0:03r.H.
~~. AM' DIVISION (Broad Mange). '
(Third and Towngand St«.)
•7:OOa Han Jose ami Way SUtlnns (Now"
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
J7i3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and .
Principal Way Stations }Si33p
SiO4a Hau .lose, Tr«s Pluos, Hanta Unix,
Pacific Grore, Paso Rubles, Man
Luis Ohlspo, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations '4:10r
l*>t4*A B*ll .loss and Way NUllons *8:00 a
I1:8Oa San Jose and Way Stations "SiSGa
•*i43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
j Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San .lose,
1 Gllroy, Holliater, Santa Crux, '
Salinas, Monterey and Paciaa
OniTe M0t364
*l:8Op B«ii June and Way Stations •o:<>Oj
•*il3p San Jose aud Principal Way Stations -0:45 a
*3iOOp San Jose and Principal Way Buttons 6:35 - .
»iB« r San Jose an.l Priuciiial Way Stations 3:SUp
«:»Op San Jose and Way Stations 7:3<>p
tll:4Bi» San Jote ami Way Stations... 7:30p
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
• Hundays excepted. t Sundays only. 4 Saturdays only
j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Suidi.< s.
«AH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
DAYS-7:30, ~»M. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
ir ii 10> 6:3 ° p - m - Thursdays-Extra trip
and lf:30 PP p mmm m Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
ana 11.^0 p. m.
S 6 r^ D t:20 SS p SS m 0 ' * :30> 11:0 ° ■• " mm '' I:3 °- 2:3 °-
I—i^N RAPAEI," TO SAN -' FRANCISCO. "
3.40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
l:5o and 6:35 p. m.
S ¥ fP A " i o S - - 9:4 °- 11:1 ° a - m.; 1:40, 3:40.
' 5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. ~ - :
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— ■ June 29. —
Meek Sun- 1593. Sun- I Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am B:4oam
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10-25 am
6:10 s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:3oam Windsor, 10:i5am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,-
2:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm < 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10 am-
2:30 pm 5:00 , 7:35 pm] 6:22pm
■ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skagps Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side. Lierley's Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullville, •Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, I* sal.
' Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bide.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN, .
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Airt.
Santa Fe Route 1
TUB BEST HAIL WAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car©
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cafi*
Run on the Following Tim© i
i t>ave San Francisco. 4:30 p. m., 6.11.T.W.T.P.1
Denver ....... 8:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F8.8.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:13 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
»Vrrtve Chicago »:00 p. m.. T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Rnaao»»
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFO*?TABLB
If You Travel on the Santa Ft*,
111 FBAHCISCQ OFFICE— m MABKEI SI
\ TELEPHONE MAIN 15JL
1 ftiked Offio»— 1118 Broadway.
• •■":" Sacramento Ofsoe— 2ol J Street
1 __B»a Jose Offlo»— 7 West Santa Chra BW
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
'•■ VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. isa3. rains will run as follows:
South-bound. , : North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
i T^ir Sunday Sunday ger.
j Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
j - 2 : ?oarn 9:00 am Stockton :43pm 6:40 pro
»:lO am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50pm 3:53pm
10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno 9:3oam 2:2opm
11:35 am 6:45pm Hanford 7:45 am I:2spm
: _2:4opm 11:50 pm Bakersfleld 2:30 am l 10:15 am
12:0opm I 7:50 pm ; Visalla 6:4oam 12:aapm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.^
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats or
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at <
p. m. daily, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
; cisco: at Merced with stages to and from
Snellings, Coultervllle. , Yosemite. etc.; also
: with stage from Hornltos, Mariposa. etc.. at
Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sousallto Ferry.)
Leave San » Francisco, . commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11. 18 8:
i week. Days— 9:30: a. m., 1:45 p. m.. -
Sundays— 8:00 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
! Round trip from Mill Valley. $1. -
• THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market
I ■treet. Ban Francisco.BOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
BINNIE AND
NED IN CUBA
CHAPTER X.
ALL day the sound of battle raged.
Before the deadly hail of ritle
bullets, the terrific fire of the ma
chine puns, the exploding bombs,
and the terrible shrapnel, hun
dreds of strong men were Btricki a
down; companies melted away like
snow under the fierce heat of the July
sun. which blazed in the sky. chilling
rains, driving in sheets, drenched the
warring battalions and made the steep
slopes of the Cuban hills soft and slip
pery,. But ever the cry was onward,
onward — and the American flag led £he
way for heroes to follow unfalteringly.
When every Blope was stained with
American blond the courage of the sol
was the highest. They pressed
forward. Irresistible as the avalanche;
terrible In their determination and
wrath as those huge tidal waves, which,
rearing their deadly crests, roll land
ward and Bweep whole cities to their
doom.
In the thick of the fray ever were the
Rough Riders. Above the booming of
cannon and the shrieking of shells
rang their defiant bugles, and the voices
of the Rough Riders were often raised
In responsive cheers.
The Spaniards were screened from
view by trees and bushes. They were
burrowed, like squirrels, in their rifle
pits and trenches; they were perched
in high trees. Everywhere they held
lons of advantage, and their
smokeless powder enabled them unseen
to lay in the dust many heroes who
never had a chance for their lives and
who never had an inkling of tho hiding
places of their enemies. Colonel Wood
and Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt
had no reason to regret that
Harry Ostend. Binnie and Julia
had been added to their com
mand.
Just before Lieutenant Colonel
Roosevelt personally led a com
pany of his Rough Riders against .a
stronghold of the Spaniards. This was
formed of an earthwork, which had
•been hastily and greatly strengthened
■by the addition of tree trunks. It. was
a complete masked fort, the existence
of which was made known to the Amer
icans by the repeated volleys which
came from it. Every volley . caused
death in the American ranks. On
every^lde it was protected . by barbed
wire fencing, the wire being twisted
into thick strands that the Spaniards
did not believe that the Americans
could ever break through to charge
them -with the bayonets. Behind the
sheltering earthwork were placed the
choicest sharpshooters in the Spanish
army. While the Americans could not
see them, the Spanish shooters saw
every movement of the Americans, and
they aimed deliberately to make every
bullet count.
' "Ah," cried Roosevelt in a voice that
was heard clearly in the horrible din
of battle, "here is a hornet's nest to
clear out; and here is work cut out
for the Rough Riders. Rush them out
before they can fire again!"
What a yell answered him. There
were cowboys from all the States and
Territories of the great West; crack
shots from the Rocky Mountains; fear
less hunters of wild beasts from Cali
fornia and from the frozen north; ath
letes from half a dozen great Ameri
' can universities who had been pre
viously known only as heroes of the
football field or the baseball diamond or
as great oarsmen, bicyclists, runners,
hammer throwers or all around strong
men; and there — not the least of the
heroes within sound of Roosevelt's
ringing voice — were Binnie, who could
boast that he had once led a victorious
army against the Skull Hunters of New
Guinea, and Harry Ostend, whose en
tire life had been filled with a succes
sion of exciting and perilous adven
tures.
•In the fore in that wild rush against
the wire fences, which formed the
outer defense of the masked fort,. were
Harry Ostend and Binnie. An instant
and their furious attack had made a
break in the trocha, through which the
Rough Riders near them poured at top
speed. There was a hundred yards
of ground yet to cross, over which . the
concealed Spaniards had the range per
fectly. The foremost Rough Riders
spread out In a thin, long line, follow
ing the tactics which they had learned
in a score of campaigns against the In
dians in the mountain ranges of the
West. They did not pause to fire. Be
fore the astonished Spaniards could
fully realize the boldness of their as
sailants, the Rough Riders were leap
ing over the fort, yelling like Indians,
each determined to be the first to en
gage the hated Spaniards in a hand-to
hand conflict. Such combat was once
common to American backwoodsmen
and to American sailors in the early
days of the Republic. There was
HARDLY HAD THE HILfIRIOUS BUMPKINS LANDED UPON THE SHORE OF THE BLOOMING ISLAND OF LUZON WHEN THE GRANGER FELL INTO A VERY BAD SCRAPE.
found equal valor in their descendants.
Before the Spaniards could fire an
other volley, the air about them seemed
to be filled with flashing sabers and
with machetes, which the Rough
Riders were already able to use with
skill. If the Americans were brave,
no less brave were the Spaniards. Ad
vanced in front of his line was a Span
ish colonel, a large man for one of his
nationality. He urged his men on to
meet the foe. A stalwart Rough Rider,
who had come from a western stock
y.'ml to join fcooseVelt, uttered a cry
of joy as he singled out the Spanish
colonel as his personal antagonist.
"He is mine, boys; mine, I say!"
shrieked the cowboy. "All stand back
and let me have him!"
"Go in, Dan!" shouted Bronco Pete.
"This is your day to make a record to
equal Hannibal's."
The Spaniards were not awkward
with their machetes. Moreover, they
had the advantage of being upon the
higher ground when the hand-to-hand
battle began. Ever at the front, Bin
• as ppeedily engaged with a sol
dier from Spain, a veteran who had
seen several campaigns and who smiled
contemptuously as he saw the boy has
tening toward -him. His smile faded
as soon as he had measured machetes
with the young Californlan. A wildcat
could not be more agile, nor a profes
sional fencer cooler than was Bin
nie now. But he had a wiry antag
onist. Swift and sure were the mo
tions of the Spaniard; keen and pierc
ing were his black eyes; tireless was
his steellike wrist. Once his machete
grazed Binnie's left arm and Binnie
felt warm blood soaking his sleeve.
Once the machete of the Spaniard sped
bo close to Binnie's head that the boy
felt the wind of the sharp and heavy
blade. In height Binnie and the Span
iard were about on an equality. The
superior strength of age was with the
Spaniard; the superior quickness of
youth with Binnie. Each was master
of all the tactics of cut and thrust.
Each knew that he was fighting for
his life. There was no time to think;
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBEK 18, 1898.
only time to act with the greatest pos
sible swiftness. '
All around the battle raged. The su
perior strength, skill and coolness of the
Rough Riders gave them an advantage.
Their onslaught had been so furious
that they soon had the Spaniards
driven back and upon the defensive.
In the epace of ten minutes all the
Spaniards had either fallen victims to
American valor or had sought safety
In flight. After the fugitives sped
fleet-footed cowboys and athletes in hot
pursuit. All had left the scene except
two. These were Binnie and his an
tagonist, who continued their battle,
while the steps of pursuers and pur
sued grew fainter in the distance.
"Boy," said the panting Spaniard,
"it is time to end this."
As he spoke these words he made a
supreme effort to strike Binnie down
by mere strength and weight. Binnie
stepped aside with the agility of a cat,
and the Spaniard, the force of his blow
being spent in air, slipped on the
treacherous ground and fell to his
knees. Binnie was so quick to take
advantage of this mishap of his enemy
that the Spaniard was compelled to
continue the battle in that position. It
could last only an instant longer and
could have only one termination.
Directly the Spaniard was at the
mercy of Binnie. Bleeding from half
a dozen flesh wounds, he still fought
desperately, but ineffectually. A skill
ful stroke by Binnie beat down the
Spaniard's defense. Like a flash, Bin
nie drew his pistol and demanded the
surrender of the Spaniard, who could
do no more and sullenly submitted to
his fate.
"Get up hero," said Binnie briskly,
in the choicest Spanish. "I am going
to tie you to a tree as a monument of
Spanish valor."
The prisoner having been secured.
Binnie ran forward upon the trail
made by the Rough Riders and came
up with his comrades, who had feared
that he had seen the worst of his bat
tle. When he came into view he was
greeted with a cheer, an honor which,
coming from that source, was fully ap
preciated.
The Rough Riders were resting and
making ready for another forward
movement. A count showed that six
Americans and thirty-seven Spaniards
had fallen in the battle at the masked
fort, and in the forest about the fort.
EDITED BY,
DAVID H. WALKER
The result of the forenoon's work had
been that all the American force mak
ing the attack had advanced beyond
the base of and well up the slopes of
the hills toward San Juan. Far above
them were other trenches to be carried
by American daring.
When the bugles once more sounded
Binnie was a prime favorite with the
Rough Riders. He had been com
THE MOTHERLESS LITTLE ONES.
BY DR. T. J. BARNARDO.
GOD pity the helpless children
Who never dare lift their eyes
Or voices to plead, though .their hearts may bleed,
Except to the pitying skies;
Who cringe from the sting of a word or a blow,
Where merciless Justice stands,
Till I long to gather them all in my arms,
And soothe with love's pitying hands.
God pity the motherless children!
Oh. if love were not selfish to-day,
We would hush every cry that is wafted on high,
From the orphans that throng in our way.
We would clasp little hands, we would cheer little hearts
As motherhood blesses and charms;
Gather them in from sorrow and sin,
As Christ folded them in his arms.
pelled to tell the result of his single
handed fight at the fort. His story
was so modest and his victory so sig
nal that the brave men about him felt
instinctively that he was one of their
sort. Emboldened by their friendli
ness, Binnie told them that the new
member of Colonel Wood"s staff was a
girl.
"Ha, ha! The daughter of the regi
ment," laughed Rattlesnake Jo.
"The future Oueen of the Prairies,
chimed in Buffalo Charlie.
"But whether she is Queen or not,
added Salty Bill, "she will get partikler
care in the light."
The line moved forward with a cheer
"for Julia," which the girl heard with
pleasure which she made no attempt to
conceal.
Julia led a charmed life. She was
always in the thick >f the righting.
When the long drawn out line of
Wood's and Roosevelt's command
needed instructions she wag_ permitted
to carry the orders. Kepeatedly she
passed through a cross tire and many
a Spaniard tried to shoot her as she
ran briskly along. It was all in vain.
She lived through it all unscathed.
Where the Spanish fire proved most,
deadly, and the field was deep with
the killed and wounded Americans, Ju
lia, with tear-dimmed eyes, toiled, re
gardless of the bullets flying about h^r,
sometimes acting as a nurse. No man
ventured any farther forward than did
she on that dreadful but glorious day
no one better deserved praise.
It is impossible to tell of the many
deeds of individual daring which Bin
nie saw. Hour after hour of fierce
fighting passed and the Americans,
leaving many of their bravest either
doud or dying upon the ground, con
tinued to "drive their enemies from
their strongly fortified position.
In the early evening, while the
shadows were favorable to the Span
iards who lurked in their depths, Harry
Ostend and half a dozen Rough Riders
were engaged in an attempt to dislodge
sharpshooters who were in a thick
clump of trees, and the bullets rattled
in lively fashion. As it was impossi
ble to drive the Spaniards out of cover
by firing at a distance, the squad of
Americans charged. They were some
rods in advance of the company to
which they belonged. So deadly was
the fire that met them as they moved
forward that all the squad were struck
by bullets except Harry Ostend. From
the heart of the copse rang a voice:
"It is Ostend; capture him alive."
Binnie heard the voice and was
thrilled by it. The speaker was Ra
mirez. The order of Ramirez was
heeded and Harry Ostend was beset
upon all sides by his foes,, who came out
from the forest.
Hear the savage growl of the Rough
Riders as they run to Ostend's assist
tance! Hear the fierce cheers as they
bring Harry Ostend off in triumph. But
Binnie, poor Binnie, at last lies on the
ground, motionless, with two ugly,
bleeding wounds. He is raised tender
ly and taken back to the line, where
the Americans will rest during the
night. There the surgeon sees him
and, looking at him carefully, shakes
his head and says, "Poor boy, poor
boy."
Julia heard and turned pale.
"He will not die, doctor; oh, say that
he will not die."
Poor Binnie! D. H. W.
(To be Continued.)
KITTY AND
THE ARMOR
KITTY LEE is a dwaller in one
of the interior counties of Cal
ifornia. Her dream of happi
ness has been, for a long time,
to visit San Francisco and see
all the quaint and rare things at Golden
Gate Park. Kittie has a mischievous
brother Tom, and he came to the city
with Kitty and her mamma. When
the shopping was done Mrs. Lee went
out to the park, and Kitty's cup of
happiness was full as she stood in front
of the exhibits.
But where was Tom? Mrs. Lee first
noticed his absence and as he did not
respond to her call she went out to seek
for him, leaving Kitty alone in the
armor room. There are specimens of
ancient armor and ancient arms, some
of which may have been actually worn
and used by the flghtin^ men of old.
Kitty knows enough about history to
be interested in the spears and breast
plates and old-time swords. She was
soon absorbed in study. Suddenly, to
her astonishment, one of the suits
of armor said to her:
"Little girl, I wish you would not
stare at me so. I declare, I have not
been so rudely treated since the battle
of Cannae, where I was worn by a Ro
man soldier."
"That was a great battle," said Kitty,
not knowing what else to say.
"Humph! Much you modern people
know about fighting," was the re
sponse.
"I know all about the battle of Can
nae," said Kitty. "There were 50,000
fighting men killed there in one day."
"Ah, yes; look out, the spirit of war
is upon me and I must kill some one.
Whoop! alamazan! let me loose!"
With this the armor leaped from its
place, seized a spear in one hand and
a short sword of the time of Nero in
the other and ran so fiercely toward
Kitty that she had all she could do to
avoid being run through where she
stood. She shrieked and ran as she
had never run before.
She had need to run, for the armor
followed her very closely and waved
the sword and lunged out with the
spear most viciously.
"Ha, ha," it said. "Fly, caitiff, for
the gellorious eagles of Rome are hun
gry and must be fed."
"Oh, oh, oh!" cried Kitty in alarm.
She did not dare to look back. She
lost her way and could not guess how
to get out of the building. The me
nacing sword behind her was swung so
recklessly that it felled whole legions
of armor suits and banners and .an
tique arms, all of which fell upon the
floor Avith a clatter. The ban
ners sent up a cloud of dust. Above
the din was heard the voice of the
armor.
"This makes me think of the great
day of Alesia, when I battled with Ju-
THE NAUGHTY `INGS.
y? traveled one day to Rhymetown
To get a bundle of rhymes;
The keeper knew me when I came —
i!> I'd been there lots of times.
The road that leads to Rhymetown
Stops at a monstrous gate
All written o'er with funny rhymes,
To read the while you wait.
The keeper comes to let you in
With an enormous key;
And, after you are once inside,
Then this Is what you'll see:
Long gates and short gates.
And gates both square and round,
And high gates and low gates
All resting on the ground.
And straight gates and crooked gates.
And gates with curves and points,
And gates made of a single piece,
And gates with many joints.
Gates of every shape and size,
Medium, large and small.
I'm surf if you had forty eyes
You could not count them all.
Each gate the entrance to a street
Where rhyming words are kept
By Elfin men and Fairy maids
Who never yet have sß*pt.
For they must be there every hour
To serve the folks who write;
For some make rhymes while it is day
And others choose the night.
"Now what street first?" the keeper asked,
With bow like to a king.
I thought a moment, "Guess I'll take
The street that ends with 'Ing."
lius Caesar. My blood is up and
I could kill a whole legion of Cimbri
to-day just for an appetizer."
Was ever a little girl interested in
the study of ancient history so beset
with danger? She saw in the mirrors
placed about the room that the suit of
armor was propelled by a pair of very
modern looking feet and that seemed
odd.
PUZZLE-FIND THE SPANIARD.
From the Baltimore American.
She saw shields, banners and armor
falling all around, and, to her excited
fancy, it seemed to her that all the his
torical relics in the room had suddenly
been given life and wp— ■> as they were
reflected in the mirrors chasing her as
fiercely as the bodies ever followed Tarn
O' Shanter.
"Help! Oh, help!" she screamed,
greatly frightened.
There was a sound of rushing feet.
In came a policeman. The armor va
liantly charged in his direction, the
sword pointing straight at his broad
stomach. The officer ran out.
Then there were more steps. Mrs.
Lee entered and the armor of ancient
Rome executed a military movement in
her direction.
Did she run? Never!
"Tom," she said, "come right straight
out of that armor or there will be
trouble."
The armor stopped in its headlong
career. Then fr^m I*- depths came a
snicker. Then a somewhat shamefaced
but very humorous phiz beamed into
view.
"Tom," said Kitty, ready to cry, "I
think you are too mean for anything."
Tom only laughed.
When the policeman returned with a
squad of other officers to arrest the
runaway armor, Tom, Kitty and their
mother had departed.
Little four-year-old Laura, while
playing in the nursery one day, tore
her new frock. "Just you wait 'till
BY L. A. HOBSON
And then I saw a wondrous sight —
To you, but not to me —
The keys to all the smaller gates
Made up the one big key.
He touched a spring, and 'Ing-street key
Stood straight out from the rest;
And when he had unlocked the gate
I started on my quest.
'Ing street is broad and very long.
And always quiet seemed.
Until to-day with riotous 'Ings
From end to end it teemed.
I wondered what could be the cause
Of all this uproar loud.
Determined then to find it out,
I stepped into the crowd.
A little 'Ing upon a box
Said, "Please, sir. it's an 'Ed,
Climbed over in our street last night
While we were all in bed.
For this unlawful act the 'Ings
Are chasing him to death.
He's almost finished, sir, I think
He hasn't much more breath."
" Poor little chap," I thought, "too bad
That you should end this way,"
And with one big, long step I stood
Beside him as he lay-
All torn and dusty on the ground—
A sorry looking fellow;
The 'Ings had beaten him till he wai
So soft as to be mellow.
I picked him up and dropped him in
The leather bag I carried,
And then, when i had found my 'Inge,
No longer there I tarried.
mamma comes home and you'll catch
it," she said to her nurse. "Why," re
plied the nurse, "you did it yourself."
"Yes," said Laura, "but you'll catch It
for not taking better care of me."
"Johnny! Johnny! Yell kill yerself!
That's fourteen cakes ye've ett!"
"I know it, Nora, I was afraid to
stop at thirteen."
THE DAISY'S LESSON. Jt
BY L BOLGIANO.
THERE once lived a little girl who
was always trying to find faults
in others, and whom everybody
disliked for that reason. One day
she went to play with her com
panions by the river side, but one said:
"We don't want you here; you only
spoil the fun by telling tales." Annie
turned away, disappointed, and run
ning home, cried: "Everybody is so
unkind to me; I can't make out the
reason. I do nothing to make them
treat me so; even my little sisters and
brothers turn from me." Then she ran
out of the house to the garden and sat
down, crying, among the flowers, till
she was so tired she cairn in, and
shortly after had her tea and went to
bed. She soon fell fast asleep and had
a dream. She dreamed she went to
gather primroses, but the little flowers
bowed their heads and said: "You may
not pluck us; you may find fault with
us and throw us away." Then she went
to a beautiful rose, but as she attempt
ed to pluck it it pricked her. Then she
went to a simple daisy, and it said: "I
must tell you something before you
pluck me. and perhaps you will be bet
ter. Try to conquer all your faults and
finding faults in others." At this point
Annie awoke and thought, "I will try to
love and be kind to all." Her com
panions loved her again. One night she
told her mother the dream, and said
But started back toward the gate.
When all those naughty 'Ings
Came after me with hop and jump
As fast as if on wings.
They covered me from head to foot,
Went in my pockets peeking.
And on my specs, good roosting place
They found without much seeking.
They perched upon my nose and eara
And scampered through my hair
Until it all stood up on end
As if I'd seen a bear.
I tried to call their Fairy keeper.
But found I couldn't talk;
So many on my mustache sat.
They in my mouth would walk.
I shook my head in deep despair.
When off my hat they tumbled.
I shook all over like a dog.
And soon they all were jumbled.
In one big twisting, squirming mass.
Big. little, young and old.
Just then their keeper came in sight.
And O! how she did scold.
She took a slender silver stick
She keeps for just such things.
And scattered up and down the stretfc
Those disobedient 'Ings.
And when at last I reached the gate.
Recovered from my fright,
I looked behind me aud saw thera
Was not an 'Ing in sight.
When now I go to Rhymetown
That memory round me clings.
I never since nave found a street
Like that one full of 'Ings.
she was trying to be good. Her mother
replied, "I am glad you have this de
sire in your heart."
Bobby — Mamma, can I have another
cruller?
Mother— l just gave you one. Did
you eat the whole of it?
Bobby— Not the hole, but I ate all
around it.
3132
NEWS OF THE MINES.
As great as is the output of mineral
waters In California, the Industry has
hardly bepun Its career. Fame like that
of Carlsbad awaits various mineral
springs in this State, and some that now
supply bottling works or bathtubs may be
forgotten* Another mineral spring enter
prise has been started by the lease of
the Castle Rock mineral springs in Shasta
County for twenty years, the lessee to get
1 cent a gallon for waters sold and 6 cents
a dozen for quart bottles, the lessees to
do the rest. In 1896 the mineral water
output of the State was estimated at 808,
354 gallons, valued at $337,434.
A new slate quarry and company have
come to the front to help along the slow
development of the great Blate reeources
of the State. The Pacitic Slate Company.
In which General Manager Moss of the
A* alley road is interested, has Incorporated
and will endeavor to open a slate quarry
on the Muller ranch, below Hornitos,
ilariposa County.
Up at Bragdon, in Shasta County, two
placer miners have rigged up an arrange
ment to save the fine gold which always
goes over the riffles. The last sluicebox
has A-shaped siues, slanting together, and
blanket rirtles made of grain sacks in the
meshes of which some of the line gold is
caught. The gold that escapes the riffles
falls through a fine screen with the fine
Band, and Is retained in a tub for amal
gamation, the coarser material going to
the dump.
Three miles of the bed of Slate Creek,
Plumas County, the placer property of
the Altusaa Mining Company, is being
successfully worked by an interesting
process, that is unusual though not new.
The gravel is elevated to the slulceboxes
by an Impact wheel, to which is coupled
nil endless chain arrangement bearing
gravel buckets. Men shovel the gravel
into these buckets as they pass, and it is
later dumped into the sluices 100 leet
away and above. Twenty-two men and
two .lovators are employed, and in a sea
eon of six months 1000 feet of channel 150
feet wide are worked. The material
worked consists of the original deposits
on bedrock and pay dirt resulting
from the washing down of tailings and
debris from mining districts above, which
have been worked for twenty years. The
company furnisnes its employes cabins,
cooking utensils and tools and pays them
$2 60 a day. the men boarding themselves.
The Diestelhorst-Barton Dredger Com
pany, operating on the Klamath River,
in EUskiyou County, has discovered a rich
bar lyins out of water that gives remark
able prospects in gold, says the Redding
Free Press. The ground cannot be worked
until after the fall rains have swollen the
river bo that the dredger may be floated
directly over the bar. The gravel deposit
will then be worked by the usual method
lifted on to the boat with steam shovels
and run through quicksilvered sluices.
The find is at the mouth of Horse Creek.
Scrapers have been used in taking off the
Burface down to water level. This prelim
inary work will relieve the dredger ot
lifting by steam vast quantities of well
washed debris.
The company of Yreka business men
interested in running a tunnel througn
the Humbug range on the west side of
Yreka, as a prospecting venture, keeps
men steadily pegging away with picks,
shovels, powder, etc. The tunnel is now
in about suO feet, and has just ,tapped a
bunch of quartz about half the size of
the tunnel. It contains iron and sui
phurc-ts in large quantity, but is rather
low prade in gold, though it may prove
better by furtner development, and pos
sibly lead to a permanent ledge. The
tunnel will be continued right along, how
evt-r. to see if something better can be
found in the mountain, where so many
rich pockets and rich float quartz have
been discovered at various times.— Yreka
Journal.
The first clean-up of rock from the
Oneida mine averaged low, but this Is
readily accounted for as most of the run
Was iron) a low grade bowlder vein. The
1 run is now being made of rock
from the 1600 level, and many estimate
thai some of it will go $25 to $30 a ton
and average exceedingly well. The result
of the second run is anxiously looked for
ward to.— Amador Republican.
Of all the quartz mills in Tuolumne
County only six are in operation at pres
ent—four on the east belt and two on the
mother lode.
Beveral Important improvements are
tinder way at the famous Brown Bear
mino at Dendwnod, Shasta County, ac
cording to the Shasta Courier. Work is
now being carried oa on a four-foot ledge.
SERVICES TO BE HELD THIS TD-A."ST -A.T THE CITY CHURCHES.
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A.
Morning— "The Seen and the Unseen."
Evening— "A Conceited Fool," with a pre-
lude on "Porto Rico."
German Baptist,
streets.
Rev. H. L. Dleti..
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
—Same.
Evening
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street.
Twenty-third.
Rev. J. G.
Morning— "Coming Down From the Cross."
Evening— "God at the Right Hand of the
Poor."
.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street,
Stelner.
Rev. W. C.
Morning— "The Church and the World."
Evening— "A Great Affliction— a Wounded
Spirit."
■
■ ■
St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue.
Page and Oak streets.
Rev. William P. Klrby.
Morning— High mm and sermon.
j ing — Vespers and benediction.
Even-
St. Charles Bo
well btreets.
and Shot-
Father P. J.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
— Sermon and vespers.
St. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Harrison
Father Nugent
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers.
St. Brlgid's, Van Ness
way.
Father Cottle
Morning — Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
— Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Chrlstl. Alemany and
Croke streets.
Cassini.
mass and sermon by Father
ning — 4 p. m., vespers, ser-
Bt. Charles,
streets.
Morning— High mass\at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing—Vespers and sermon.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Stelner streets.
Rev. Plus Murphy
lornlng— High mass and sermon by one of
the priestB of the community at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Rosary and sermon.
St. Francis. Vallejo
avenue.
Father Car ra her
mass. Evening
— Sermon on the
All Hallows,
Rev. D. O. Sullivan.
o'clock. E'
benediction.
and
ermon
sermon at 11
n, - vespers and
Bt. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Jesuit Fathers
Morning— Sermon by Rev. R. A. Gleason,
S. J. Evening — "Invocation of the Saints."
St. James,
streets.
Twenty-third
and
Guerrero
Father P. R.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
— Sermon.
Bt. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
Morning— Services at 10:30 o'clock,
ing— Sermon and vespers.
Even-
1 •
Bt. Mary's Cathedral,
O'Farrell street.
Rev. J. Prendergaat,
Charles A. Ra;
vespers by the
high mass by Rev.
Evening — Sermon at
r . Jerome Hannlgan.
6t. Mary's Church,
streets.
Paullst :
Morning — High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon and vespem.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray,
Morning — High mass and a sermon on the
OoBpel. Evening — Vespers, benediction and
sermon.
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth and
Church
Father Connolly..
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing — Sermon and vespers.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont
streets.
Morning— Sermon In Italian by one of the
priests of the community. Evening — Ser-
mon and vespers.
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near
fourth.
P. 8.
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
mass and sermon. Evening
hsnortlftlnn
Denedlctlon.
Star of the Sea. Seventh avenue and
Lobos avenue.
Father Coy !•....
Morning — Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
.',.;■ . •_■,-.«
Teresa's,
Rev. P. C. 0''
Morning — Sermon by the pastor on the sub-
ject of "Death of the Just Man."
-I ■■ *
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Mar 1st Fathers
[oming— High mass and sermon In French
by one of the priests of the commu-
nity. Evening— Vespers and sermon.
Irst Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Rev. F. 8.
Morning— "Remembered Before God." Even-
I Ing— "An Individual Gospel."
West Side Christian, Bush street,
Devisadero.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
Morning— Sermon by Chaplain Williams
of the Fifty-first Iowa Regiment. Even-
Ing— Same.
Bethany Congregational,
near Twenty-fifth.
Bartlett street.
Rev. W. C.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. E. S. Chapman.
D.IX, at 11. Evening— Sermon by the same
preacher at 7:30.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubb
Morning — Sermon and Instruction at 11
o'clock. Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
Rev. P.
Morning— "The Triune Benediction of
Wondrous Grace." Evening — "The Triune
Benediction of Wonderful Love and
Communion."
•\
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. T. Shepard..
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
— Song service and sermon.
Evening
First Congregational,
streets.
Post and
Rev. O.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
—Sermon, Instruction and the recital of
prayer.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. William ]
Morning— "The Gospel of Iron." Evening
—"What Is the Meaning of the Cruci-
fixion T"
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherington i...
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
—Same.
Evening
Grace Episcopal. California and Stockton
streets.
Rev. R. C Foute
Morning— Communion service at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Festival service followed by ser-
mon.
Church of the Advent,
near Market.
Eleventh street.
Rev. J. A. :
m
:':
by the rector. Evening—
The excellent showing of this ledge has
encouraged the management to consider
the project of another tunnel below the
noted China tunnel. This will be 3800 feet
long, and it will take two years to com
plete it. The tunnel will be started from
the bed of Deadwood ravine, and give
an extensive working depth. Surveying
is now under way for this enterprise.
The Etna Advance says that the quartz
mines throughout Salmon and Quartz
Valley are showing up better than ever
before In the history of Siskiyou.
In a drift on the 200 level very rich ore
was struck in the Old Home mine at
Blue Tent yesterday, and the strike is
considered the most important one ever
made in the mine. The ledge is about
a foot in thickness, and the rock fairly
abounds In free gold.— Grass Valley
Union.
F. B. Hill of Colorado has purchased I
the Oriental mine, two miles distant
from Alleghany, from Charles Heintzen.
The Oriental has not been worked for
eighteen years, but that it is an excellent
property its past record gives ample evi
dence. It has been worked to a superfi
cial depth, and has $3,000,000 production
to its credit. From one pocket alone
$740,000 was extracted.— Grass Valley Tel
egraph.
The Four Hills mine has developed an i
excellent body of ore. The company is j
preparing to erect electrical power works,
which will be placed at an altitude of
900 feet below Lower Spencer Lake, and
about two miles from the lower tunnel
into the mine, the power to be trans- :
mltted from the electrical works, two j
miles, to the mill to be erected next sea
son.—Plumas National Bulletin.
From Glbsonville comes the cheerful
news to the effect that, ai— ough times
are dull, the prospects are brightening, i
A good many mines, we are informed, !
will be operated on a small scale, as their
owners are tired of waiting for purchas
ers, and are now convinced that had they
opened up their ground some years ago
to the extent of tneir limited means they
would be much better off than they are i
now.— Plumas Independent.
The Potazuba Mining Company of Sut
ter Creek took out a run of ore from
its mine last month and had it milled in
the Zeile mill at Jackson, xne ore crush
ed amounted to 149>>4 tons, and the pro
ceeds in free gold, according to the re
turns received from Selby & Co., was
$3525, besides one and a half tons of sul
phurets, worth $200. The result of about I
$27 per ton is very pleasing to the stock- |
holders.— Amador Record.
The operators of the Douelas contem- j
plate the erection of twenty stamps of
i.ie most approved pattern as soon as the i
grading is finished. The new hoist started |
up without a hitch and work Is progress-
Ing favorably. The Amador Queen No. 1
shaft is down 1100 feet, and sinking is still
going on.— Amador Ledger.
The Sheep Ranch mine, which has not !
been worked for about four or five years, j
is now being prepared to be worked. |
There Is about 1100 feet of water In the I
shaft, but a tunnel is being made which
will enter the shaft at about the 300 level,
thereby getting about 200 feet of water
drained out. A new mill will soon be
erected, which will be run by electricity.
—Amador Republican.
The Tennessee mine at Pine Grove is
giving good promise. They have struck
a shoot of ore at the 200 level which is
two feet wide, and the average value is
$54 per ton .is per assay. This was for
merly the Tellurium mine, and was aban
doned years ago, the rock being so "re
bellious" that the gold could not be ex
tracted in free milling.— Amador Ledger.
The purchasers of the Fellowcraft and !
San Andreas mines arrive^ In San An- I
dreas this week and immediately set to"
work preparing for the operation of these
properties. They brought a couple of ex
perienced electricians with them, and It !
is proposed later on to operate with elec- j
trlclty. Sinking on both mines will com
mence as soon as the shafts are unwat
ered. The Golden Gate quartz mine, sit
uated adjacent the Gottschalk, and
owned by the Flam boys, was this week
bonded to \V. H. Clary Sr. and W. H.
Clary Jr. The purchase price is said to
be $7000. with a partial payment in ad
vance.—Cat a veras Citizen.
The new cyanide works of Prldham &
Qulnn at Randsburg have been started I
up. and are working satisfactorily. The
Randsburg Miner says that everything is I
very conveniently arranged, and a car on
a track operated by the same power that
runs the stamp hauls the material off
from the dump. The pulp before the I
process of cyanlding Is begun assays a '
little over $4. How nearly it is all taken
out is not yet known.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1898.
HALES. |
tiiv y 9^c& ▼ w d, £3 vi &j k io %•
w CJP ML
rich
autumnal
novelties.
■ ■ ■Jili.'":*.^ ■ : .>V ■" . :.. .
4000 yards Veiling, dotted' and
;- plain, all silk .Tuxedo- yell-
. ings, IS. inches wide, In .
■.'•■ black, navy, brown and " 1 Ks-»
-white; a 'great' attraction It/W
for fall opening. . : _  Yard ■ .
200 ' dozen . Handkerchiefs ' for '■ '
ladles, . Swiss embroidered •'. '
: and scalloped and lace foot- . Ckr
Ing border handkerchiefs, wv'
Just bought in Ea5t.:....;. Each
Walking Gloves, 2-clasp pique,
with .• 4-row embroidered ' * i
-. backs, colors red, navy, <t| AA
green, ' tan, . brown, etc., «JJI»VFV/
S'/Ss to V& Pair
6 dozen Cushion Covers of 22-
/ inch heavy . denim, tinted
.. ' and embroidered, .ready for •
•".the cushion, each with 5- - : *7^^c
Inch ruffle • Kj\»
Black Ostrich Feather Collar- -. V'/,
ettes. 20 inches long, with
i silk ribbon streamers, (fl AA
, 92.50 t0... tpO«yU.
' 32 • inches long, - extra full
and long feathers, $0.75 <C|Q°°
strong |
attraction.
100 Black Cogue Feather Boas,
36 Inches long, new and ■ *TRi-*
first time -'0ffered...... '.....-. itlW
Brussels Net, Black Surah and
Taffeta Pompadour Ruches, 7
ribbon ends, Pompadour CUv
Collarettes, 38c. 50c...... .. Each
Tosca Net, Liberty Silk and fir 1 C\f\
Chiffon Pompadour Ruches, tJ>I«V/vF
ribbon ends... Each
Pleated Chiffon and Liberty
Silk Pompadour Ruches, It CA
with ribbon or ■ pleated <!>■•*'"
ends Each ;
domestic
dep't offerings.
New Fishnets In white and |A/>
ecru, choice design* for lUv
curtains and draperies .. Yard
White Curtain Swiss. 36 Inches | (\s*
wide, good quality, variety Ivy
patterns Yard
15 pieces Table Damask, un- A_C\c
bleached. 60 Inches wide, T"V/V*
all linen, variety patterns.. Yard .
Flannelettes, 28 inches wide, ft*r»
light colors, stripes , and Il4v
patterns, fluffy, full Yard
3 cases 10-4 Sheeting, un- . A At*
bleached, full 90 inches •• ■ .lT"w
wide, good qua1ity........".. Yard
100 pair Whits California Wool -
Blankets, small percentage -S-<^.»
of cotton, strong and dur- <£Q AA
able, weight 4H pounds, *I>€>»%J\J
• size 6Sx7B inches.. ' Pair
100 pair White California Blan-
kets, 10 per cent cotton, CZA f^O,
heavy quality, 5 pounds, <j7Tr.OvF
66xS0 ;.......... Pair •
HALES. |
It was with pardonable pride we saw our fall opening last Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
such a striking success. The millinery department was like a court reception. The San
Francisco "Call" said "we gave the public a surprise." We intended to produce just such
an effect. We bought better goods — "tailored" hats in mannish affectation from London,
and the more jaunty and equally fascinating millinery from gay Paris. English and French
looms gave us imported dress novelties. We displayed these high-grade goods by the aid of
experienced salesmen in a more artistic manner. We intend to make the name of "Hales"
'a household word in every California home ; a name guaranteeing "good goods" at a season-
able time and reasonable profits.
We like to see ourselves as others see us. Read these:
"The millinery department ai iiale's
"has created quite a sensation in this
"city. It was almost impossible (so
"great was the crush) to view the open-
ing display."
millinery from gay Paris!
All the dash and chic which, being born in Paris, certainly guarantees. Hats from such dictators of fashion
as Mesdames Suzanne, Colombe, Jujol, Julia Delmotte, Camille Roger, Pouyanne Carlier, Verot and others. Original
pattern hats in "La Mercure," "Marie Antoinette," "Cyrano de Bergerac," "La Bergere" and "a la Napoleon," styles
now being introduced from the creators in Paris. Thirty-seven in our milinery staff to insure prompt service.
English and French dress novelties!
new black boucle per yard $2
For Ladies' Wraps and Cloaks —
something of the Astrachan ap-
pearance — warm, 54 inches wide.
new cheviots per yard $1.75
English Black Novelties, a rib-
bed effect in a soft, clinging, yet
heavy material, 50 inches wide.
new whipcords per yard $1.75
Extra heavy quality, English
make, hard finish, 48 inches
wide; several other qualities.
captivating cloaks and costumes!
We did not say much about this department in our Fall Announcements for the simple reason all our new
stock was not unpacked, marked in plain figures and put into stock. It's ready for your inspection now — any time.
Ladies' Imitation Stone Marten
- Cluster : Neck Scarf, 8 tails, 2
heads .......^. ............. $3.25
Fur Collars in many grades.. .....
.v...............5j;i:.12."» to $15.00
Novelty. Suits just in (see display.)
....:.......... .:..;-....^ii0.00
Frisco's progressive store with that big and busy basement.
(see other items in Examiner and Bulletin.)
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and
6treet.
W. H.
communion service,
prayer service.
St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation.
Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Morning — Special service • for the soldiers.
Evening— Se: mon and Instruction.
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia.
Rev. E. B. Spaldlng..
Morning 1 — Divine service and sermon at 11.
Evening — Sermon by the pa6tor.
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and
streets.
Rev. H.
Morning — Mass and holy communion at 7:30
o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11.
Evening— Evensong and sermon at 8.
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
streets.
Rev. M. D.
Morning— "Matthew the Publican." Even-
ing — Evensong, followed by a sermon by
the Bishop of the Diocese, Rev. William
Ford Nichols, D.D.
s Episcopal,
Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly.
iorning — Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow-
ed by litany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening— Song service and ser- >
mon. <
> Trinity Episcopal,
Rev. H. C.
Morning— Holy communion at 11 o'clock. •
Evening — Sermon and Instruction. <
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Rev. F. W. Fischer..
Morning — "Faithfulness." Evening — "Les- <
sons From the Life of Samson." <
■ First English Lutheran, Geary street,
• Gough.
Rev. E.
Morning — "The Insignificant."
"Seven Wonders."
Evening — <
California Street M. E. Church, California
and Broderlck streets.
Rev. J. N. Phelps
i Morning — Divine services and sermon at 11 <
o'clock. Evening — Sermon and recital of <
prayer. <
Bethel African M. E. Church. Powell street,
near Jackson.
Rev. W. B.
Morning— "Abiding TTnder the Shadow of <
the Almighty." Evening— "Two Converts <
to the Resurrection." <
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Rev. C. E. Locke
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening— •
Same. <
First M. E. Church, Powell and Wash-
ington streets.
Rev. W. S. Urmy
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening <
—Song service and sermon.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce
i servlre at 11 o'clock. Even- •
followed by religious in- •
Grace Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets.
Rev. J. N.
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
— Same.
Evening
Howard Street M. E.
street, near Third.
Church. Howard
Rev. J. A. B.
non by Rev. E. S. Chapman at
Evening— Same.
Potrero M. E. Church,
streets.
Rev. D. W.
Morning — Sabbath service at 11. Evening
—Sermon and Instruction at S o'clock by
the pastor.
i
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue and
Clement street.
Rev. G. W. Beatty
Morning— Services at 11. Evening— Prayer
service, followed by sermon.
M. E. Church, Bush street, be-
)ugh and Octavia.
Rev. C. R. Riddlck
tween
Epworth M. E. Church. Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Sermon, followed by prayer ser-
vice.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church,
and Buchanan streets.
Rev. J.
Morning— Sermon by the rector, followed by
divine services. Evening — Sermon and in-
struction.
Starr King A. M. E. Zlon Church. Stockton
street, near Clay. t
Rev. F. Brunn .
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening-
Old-time Southern singing and plantation
songs.
Franklin Street PreBbyterian, Franklin i
Vallejo streets.
Rev. D. Jan
Morning — "Prepare to Meet Thy God."
Evening— "Morning and Evening Prayer."
>•■-*■
Calvary Presbyterian,
streets.
Geary and ' Powell
Rev. J.
Morning— Divine services at 11
Evening— Sermon by the rector.
o'clock.
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness
nue and Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie..
Morning— Sermon by Dr. Mackenzie. Even-
ing—Sermon or the subject of the
"Cfteatness of Men."
First United Presbyterian. Golden
avenue and Polk street.
i
Morning— Religious services at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon by the rector.
St. John's Presbyterian. California and
Octavia streets.
Rev. R. Liddell
i Morning — Sermon by the rector.
—Same.
Evening
Lebanon Presbyterian Church. Sanchez and
Twenty-nfth streets.
Rev. R. '
Morning— Divine sen-ices at 11.
Services at 7:45 o'clock.
Evening —
Memorial Presbyterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth and
Rev. H. N. Bevier )
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening
— Evensong and prayer service.
Mispah Presbyterian. Harrison street. n<
Fifth.
Rev. F. A. Doane
Morning— Sermon and recital of prayer.
Evening— Sermon by the rector.
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and B
streets.
Rev. F. R. Farrand
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock.
—Question box service at 7:45.
Evening
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church, (
street, near Twenty-third.
Rev. W. E.
Morning— "The Strength of Joy."
— "The City Jail Bird."
Evening
•
Trinity Presbyterian,
Capp streets.
Twenty-third and
Rev. A. N.
Morning — Sermon by the rector.
— Song service and address.
Evening
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and "./eb-
ster streets.
Rev. S. S. C
Morning— Sermon, followed by divine ser-
vice. Evening — Sermon by the rector.
First Unitarian, Gearjr and Frar
nklln
streets.
Rev. Dr.
Morning— Sunday school at 10 o'clock; ad-
dress "by Rev. A. J. Wells, and morn-
ing service at 11. Evening— There will be
..no evening service.
Second Unitarian. Twentieth and
streets.
Rev. A. J. Wells
Morning— "The Essential Ideas of Reli-
gion." Evening— "The Transforming of
Life."
T. M. C. A.. Maaon and Ellis streets.
Rev. E. S. Chapman, D.D
i
8 p. m.— Union Temperance mail meeting
and address on "The Loyalty of the
t American Flag."
■-■■'.
BALE'S. l
(The (Tall.
"By 11 o'clock every department in
"the store was crowded. The inspection
"of the goods proved all that had been
"promised by this great house." ♦
new Sicilians per yard $1.50
English make, black, bright and
lustrous; one of the popular
fabrics for fall, 50 inches wide.
cravenette, black, per yard $1.25
Famous for its waterproof qual-
ities; best make of English
goods; 46 inches wide.
soliels per yard $1.25
English In make, looks and
daintiness; handsome for skirts;
45 inches wide.
Ladies' Cairn Gown, Scotch Plaid
Golf Capes, latest novelties.. sB.oo !
Chiffon Silk Waists, also Taffeta
Duchess Satin and changeable
effects $5 to $15.00
HALES. I
ghgluljpUn.
"One of the finest displays of milinery
"and complete dress goods this city
"ever saw; a magnificent exhibit — bet-
"ter goods than they ever offered be-
"fore."
black cords per yard $1.50
Extremely rich in plain and
fancy effects; 45 inches wide.
(See display.)
black cloth per yard $1.25
For street wear; French make;
sheds dust and stands extreme
rough wear; 50 inches wide.
new silks per yard $1.00
In fancy stripes on plain and
cameo grounds; 20 inches wide,
in all desirable new shades.
Ladies' Rough Serge Suit, Flounce
Skirt, braid trimmed, six but-
tons, point braid on flounce, jack-
et taffeta lined, skirt lined per-
caline, velvet bound, 34 to 40.. 515
HALES.
well-
wearing
underwear.
Ladies' Natural Gray Wool Mixed
Underwear, heavy, Jersey rib- I
bed, fleeced; shirts, high neck,
long sleeves; self front, crochet PZf\r* I
' edge and neck; pants. to match, OVv
button on side ..'. — . Each
Another lot, plain . and shaped,
heavy quality shirts; • silk- CXfls*
bound neck and front; drawers *J\J\*
to match; sizes 32 to 44........ . Each
Yet another offering in Australian
wool; extra heavy Jersey ribbed
' and fleeced; finished seams,
steam shrunk; shirts, high 'T'B*/-*
neck, long sleeves; pants to • CFWx
match ... Each
Natural ~ Gray ''■ All Wool Ribbed '
Underwear of fine Saxony yarn; . . '
vest, high neck, long sleeves, <1? | .00
crochet neck, silk front, ribbed V™
and shaped; pants to match.. Each
that big
and busy
basement sale
Of the. Cook crockery stock still t'ji-'K-
goes on: in enameled ware we
offer as first quality, muffin f K«-»
pan, 6-hole lOC
Pudding pan, 2 quart, 10c; . 10- \C\f
inch wash basin IvFC
Teapot, 3 quart, 25c; preserving 1 ST/-» '
kettle :..... lOC
Enameled dlshpan (each first OffCs*
quality) ...:... -;.-;;'2sOw-
main floor
bazaar.
Ladles' Combination Seal Pocket
Book, with coin purse and card £?/■%/■»
flap; leather lined..* .:.. i tJvfC
10-inch Olive Club Bag, steel :■■■'■ I
frame; lined with centennial rZ.f\r*
cloth OUC
Plated and Enameled Ladies' tf\/-*
Waist sets ......;.... l\JL>
Ebonized Back Hand Mirror, bev-'-. 1 SJ/-»
eled plate grass 3x5 lOC
Berwick Cream Laid Note Paper. If\r*
24 envelopes and 24 sheets paper IvFC
Oblong Envelopes, 5 and 6 inch. lei,-»
250 for ..'. ..;.:..... lOC
Glass Medallion; Photo Pictures, OR,,
with chain edge... 4Uv
little .
notions.
We call them trade bringer*—
trade winners. >
1500 Pieces White Finishing Braid.
6 yards to the piece, in 25 dlf- Ar*
ferent patterns V.V.. TrC
Dewey Hair Pin Cabinet— a ;
wooden fancy box in shape of ■
- a Spanish shell; contains 60 Ct/"»
hairpins :.'... *'«'
720 pair Ladies' Frilled Side Elas- ■ '
tics, with metal - buckles and - --■'.'
button clasp; colors, pink/blue, \C\r-
red, orange and b1ack....:....,- Jtv/w
Czarina Cabinet of Hairpins, - 1 f\ §
fancy .:...;.. IUC I
100 dozen White Basting : Cotton. PZs*
per dozen spools Wv |,\
Unity to Entertain.
Unity Lodge No. 27 of the Ancient Or
der of United Workmen has appointed a
committee to prepare an entertainment,
musical and literary, to be followed by
a dance. ■ This will ta* « place In Laurel
Hall of Shiels building on the night of
the 4th of October.
Amity Rebekah Lodge.
The members of Amity Rebekah Lodge
have arranged an entertainment and so
cial for their friends, to be given in Eu
reka Hall. Odd Fellows' building, on the
evening of Saturday next. *
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
m THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
Kali "** R
Here's a Chiffonier five
drawers high and 3j43 j4 ft.
wide — lots of conven-
ience for $3.75
j Seven-piece ■ bed-room ; set —.bed.
bureau, wash-stand, rocker, table and
two chairs; French bevel plate mirror :
on bureau; every piece solid 0ak..520
Polished Mahogany finish' Parlor
Rocker. Spring seat and cushion back
covered with Myrtle Corduroy ::.zs2 .
Square top Onyx table for lamp
stand, card receiver, etc. : Ornamental
brass legs. Selected Onyx -...$2,25
Substantial couch, upholstered'; in
Damask; tufted and fringed $ 3.65
CARPET DEPARTMENT ;
" Our new rug department in the an-
nex will soon be ready. Will have :
something to show worth seeing. \
Oilcloth, for kitchen, bathroom,
etc., this week 15 cents a yard. ;-, v ' .:
Bring your measurements.
; Free delivery, Oakland. AUineda. Berkeley ;'
M. FRIEDMAN 'd CO.
233 to 237 Post Street •
Open evenings . • Near Stockton ,' '
NO Prtirsi ISO PAlNlj.
.rJjfrfrL I*w«it Prices in tfc« m VP
"' S>4*^^^^%' '■ GUARANTEED. ,'
«&£ TEETH WITHOUT
30H *&*& SSV PLATES A SPECIALTY.
*S? ' $W Full Set of Teeth, ex-
.Tj •-"" ' VI ■' ; tracting free..*4«>U :up
j,^ v^TTOsL CtOli CroWl "' "iv'sd"
g£fcJ )^wSgp*r Fillings 25c uj
l|jrSsjgsfei ELECTRO-DENTAL
Buit s e o a 7 krK^ u B r i *
Qffico.Ure.-» a.m. to V> P»J Sun- 9 tjjj.su,