VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 50.
OVERLAND
TRAIN IN
THE DITCH.
A WrecK on tf)e Central
Pacific Near Cape
Horn.
West Bour)d Passenger Drawn by
Two Engines Jun)ps the Trac^,
KJHiog a oaoa 0 Engineer and
a pireman.
J THE DEAD,
* Engineer D. Z. Haekett.
Fireman Edward Lightner.
TME INJURED.
<$> J. J. Burke, express messen- ♦
* ger, badly shaken.
* C. F. Brown, fireman, sus
tained several contusions.
A. H. Stevens, mail clerk, <g>
<*> back Injured.
<8> Ivan H. Walker, passenger, <*■
* wound on head.
* Woman injured internally.
C. C. Brown, engineer, serious
wound on head. &
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.— At 5 o'clock
this afternoon the forward engine of
the westbound overland train, due in
this city at 5:40 p. m., Jumped the
track one mile east of Colfax, and,
leaving the roadbed, turned down over
a low embankment. The second engine
followed its leader off the track, but
luckily turned over and remained on
the roadbed Instead of plumping upon
the engine down the embankment, or
thp fatality list might have been longer.
The acclileut occurred lust below one
of the most dangerous places on this
or any other railroad. At Cape Horn
the angle Is about 45 degrees, and there
is no obstruction between it and the
abyss thousands of feet below.
Engineer C. C. Brown and Fireman
Edward Lightner were on the forward
engine, and, as the great machine
lurched and went over, both men went
down with it. Engineer Brown es
caped with a few superficial bruises,
and an hour later was walking around,
but Lightner was somewhere under
neath his engine and presumably dead,
as up to a late hour to-night he had not
been found.
Engineer D. Z. Hackett and Fireman
C; F. Brown, both of this city, were on
the second engine, and the accident, oc
curring as it did without warning,
pave neither of them a chance to jump.
Engineer Hackett was badly scalded
about the head and face, besides being
Injured internally, and at 7 o'clock two
hours after he went over with his en
gine, he breathed his last. C. F. Brown,
Hackett's fireman, sustained several
contusions about the body, but was not
seriously injured.
The mail car, the baggage and ex
press car, the day coach and the smok
ing car also loft the rails, but did not
leave the roadbed, and beyond a gen
eral shaking up none of the passengers
were injured.
Mail Clerk Stevens was flung against
the end of his car with extreme violence
and his back is injured, though how
severely could not be ascf-rtained. Ex
press Messenger Burke wap also shaken
up, but received no contusions, and at
latest accounts was 6aid to be all
right.
D. Z. Hackett, well known all over
the Coast a<3 "Don" Hackett, had been
PASSENGER TRAIN ROUNDING CAPE HORN.
The San Francisco Call
in the employ of the Southern Pacific
Company for many years and was con
sidered one of the most careful and re
liable men on the road. His run was
from Sacramento to Reno, his home
station being rhis city. He had two
daughters lfc'ing in San Francisco and
had other relatives in other cities in
the State. He was 75 years of age.
Edward Lightner was 23 years of age
and a nephew q£ Passenger Engineer
Bonus Lightner. His home station was
Rocklin, Engineer Brown's engine mak
ing th*» run between Rocklin and
Wadsworth. Lightner was well known
in this city and had a host of friends
here, to whom the news of his death
will be a severe blow. His home was at
Colfax.
Two tourist, two sleeping and a din
ing-room car remained on the rails,
and, beyond a shock and jar, all but
two of the passengers knew nothing at
the moment of the accident of the
tragedy at the front of the train. In
the baggage car on a cot was an inva
lid lady passenger, who, besides the se
vere shock she received, is believed to
have been injured internally.
The track from Long Ravine Bridge
to the town of Colfax is on an upgrade,
and the train was consequently not de
scending, but ascending, when the en
gine Jeft the track.
Physicians from Colfax were soon at
the scene of the wreck, and everything
possible was done to relieve the suffer
ings of the injured. A special train
from this city, having on board Divi
sion Superintendent J. B. Wright. As
sistant Superintendent T. R. Jones,
Resident Engineer Robinson and Dr.
i Huntington, chief surgeon of the Rail
i road Hospital in this city, and his as
sistant, Dr. Nourse, was immediately
started for the scene of the accident,
■ and the wrecking train, with a full
complement of men, was also hurried
forward, and the work of clearing the
track pusheu as rapidly as possible.
The cause of the accident is not
known, though it is thought by some
that the rails may have spread. Th>>
railroad officials expect to hay» thp
track cleared early to-morrow fore
i noon.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1898.
VOLUNTEERS'
CONSPIRACY
DISCOVERED
A Plot to Overthrow
Blanco Nipped in
Time.
Scheme to Drive the Gov
ernor-General From
Cuba Fails.
The Plan Included the Capture
of the Regular Troops at
Havana.
LEADERS ARE ARRAIGNED.
All the Colonels of Volunteers Sum
moned to the Palace and. Forced,
to Swear Allegiance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. l<v— A special ca
ble to the Sun from Havana says: Just
as this dispatch is sent by special cou
rier to Key West Havana is Jn a tre
mendous excitement caused by the
news of a formidable conspiracy among
the volunteers to overthrow General
Blanco. The conspiracy was discovered
yesterday morning by the Chief of Po
lice. Colonel Paglieri.
The plotters intended to start an
armed revolt by the 20.000 volunteers
now in Havana and to compel General
Blanco to leave the island, as they did
Captain-General Domingo Dulce in 1869.
A simultaneous assault was to he made
on the forts surrounding Havana, es
pecially on La Cabana, and the troops
now stationed at strategical points of
the city were to be overpowered and
compelled to surrender. The success
of the conspiracy was nearly assured
by the complicity of many officers of
the army, the sympathy of the Span
ish regular infantry and of the military
police with th'> volunteers and rioters of
the past week.
As soon as th<* news reached the pal
ace General Flan- o summoned a coun
cil of his staff officers to advise with
Thr-m Generals A rotas, Solanr, Gon
zales Parrado, Marsto and Colonel Pag
lieri advised the Governor-General to
assume an energetic attitude and pun
ish severely the colonels of lwttallons
of volunteers if they were found to be
guilty. The news spread rapidly in
town that Senor Calderon. lieutenant
colonel of the Fifth Battalion of Vol
unteers, was at the head of the mili
tary conspiracy.
General Blanco summoned to his pal
ace last night all the colonels of the
volunteers in Havana. Not a single
one failed to be present. A Stormy
scene ensued, which is now the talk of
Havana. Blanco upbraided them se
verely, saying it was hard to believe
"patriotic Spaniards wearing the hon-
Continued on Second Tape.
HUNTINGTON
IN FAVOR OF
ANNEXATION
Having a Great Lik
ing for Chinese
Cheap Labor.
Said to Back Mr. Dole's
Scheme Because of a
Steamship Deal.
Hawaiian Registry for Vessels
in Return for the Railway
Magnate's Support.
THE CHINA GOT A FLAG.
And the President of the Island Re
public Received Considerable
Aid and Comfort
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.— The
Washington Post thinks that
a vote on th*» Hawaiian treaty
will not be reached in the Sen
ate for three ir four weeks yet.
Senator Carter, the chairman
of the Census Committee, gave
notice to the Senate on Monday
that he intended to insist upon
the disposition of the bill pro
viding for the appointment of a
director and thirty-one other
employes of the twelfth census.
In response to an inquiry from
Mr. White of California, Mr.
Carter said he had no desire to
displace the Hawaiian treaty,
but thought the census measure
could be passed promptly.
Senator Davis was quoted yes
terday as saying he did not be
lieve the vote on the treaty
would be tak^n for a month.
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— There is no
surprise here over the fact that C. P.
Huntington is ii- fxror of annexation.
His attitude In the matter is usually
attributed to his well known love for
Chinese labor. The gentleman was
seen at 10 o'clock to-night and asked
concerning his views on Hawaii. He
was not inclined to talk at length, but
in what he said he was entirely frank.
"While annexation might affect cer
tain local Interests," he responded to
a direct question, "still as an American
citizen I believe we should control the
islands." The cat has escaped the bag.
Perhaps it is worth while to examine
the "local interests" in regard to which
Mr. Huntington feels concern. While
on his latest visit t<> San Francisco he
gave a dinner to certain of his subor
dinates there. On this occasion, which
was in May of last year, the principal
event was an address from Huntington
himself. This address was printed in
full in The Call, a copy of which is at
hand. After eulogizing his guests and
reciting the progress of the country
Huntington said: '"If you could have
had the cheap labor of Asia with which
to do a portion of the work, the ind-us
tries created would have given employ
ment to two Americans for every Mon
golian, but the Americans lost the
work for the lack of the industries
which would have sprung up in the
development of the raw material, if
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Light rain on Wednesday
morning, followed by fair; winds
generally westerly.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco B2 degrees
Portland 46 degrees
Los Angeles M degrees
San Diego €2 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Overland Train In the Ditch.
Huntington Favors Annexation.
City Water Fight Almost Won.
Conspiracy to Overthrow Blanco.
SECOND PAGE.
Lob Angeles School Scandal.
Great Cotton Spinners" Strike.
May Give Santa Fe a Rival.
Rich Man's Double Life. ; ,
Fight for Gorman's Toga.
THIRD PAGE. . "
Nicolini Is Dead.
The Ohio Bribery Scandal.
Chamberlain Talks on Commerce.
China Buys Peace From Germany.
Jordan Denounces California Laws.
FOURTH -PAGE.
The Cuban Cause In Congress.
News of the Pugilists.
FIFTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front.
Must Pay Bonds In Gold.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Real Annexation Leader.
A Real Little Devil.
New Departure In Licenses.
San Mat co Enterprise.
The New England Strike.
"The Conqueror of the Klondike."
SEVENTH PAGE.
Return of a Violinist.
Trouble Among the Teachers.
Merchants Oppose a New ■ Law.
Dole Goes Away To-day.
A Little Court Episode.
EIGHTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
NINTH PAGE.
News. From Across the Bay.
TENTH PAGE.
Racing at Oakland. • .
Colonel Trumbo ' Maligned.
Wanted Her Son Arrested. "
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Births. Marriages and Deaths.
• TWELFTH PAGE. •
Jubilee Preparations.
Woman Robbed in Her Home.
Opposed to the Monkey Park. •
A Notable Wedding. . ,
LOS ANGELES TO
CONTROL HER OWN
WATER SUPPLY
PEOPLE INDORSE THE CALL'S POSITION.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 18.— A meeting of the Republican City Central
Committee is to be called at an early day to indorse the position The
Call has taken in regard to the city water contest.
Chairman Telfair Creighton has already called a meeting of the Demo
cratic City Committee to consider a resolution of indorsement. The Silver
Republican Club and the Jeffersonian Society will take action on the
matter through its board of directors. This evening the Populist City
Central Committee met and by a unanimous vote adopted the follow
ing resolution:
"We, the People's party City Central Committee, assembled in
session this 18th day of January, 1898, do declare that inasmuch as the
San Francisco Call has enthusiastically taken up the water supply
question in Los Angeles City and has taken the side of the people in
this momentous matter; therefore be it
"Resolved, That we, as representatives of a party that declared In its
platform of recent date for mountain or other pure water to be dis
tributed, controlled and owned by the people themselves, do hereby
tender our sincere thanks to The Call and assure its editor of our
hearty co-operation in his great fight for the people of this city."
The resolution was offered by Milton Carlson, an instructor in the
Los Angeles High School and the chairman of the committee. After
it was presented it was adopted amid great enthusiasm and a copy was
ordered engrossed and sent to John D. Spreckels as editor of the Call.
this could only be done by workmen
whose average price was not above the
rate paid by other manufacturing
countries of the world. • • • No in
telligent man questions the general ben
efit of labor-saving machines, which
have added so much to the prospects
and progress of our country, yet we
might as well rule them out as to turn
away the labor of the Chinese."
Such were the Huntingdon senti
ments in May of last year, and no
change of heart on his part has been
reported. No wonder he wants to take
in Hawaii with its thousands of his
rhown people. Now the Chinese are
obliged to sneak in, and the inconve
nience to which they are put must be
trying to their friend.
But there is another "local matter"
well understood here whether the peo
ple of the coast appreciate it or not,
and this is the Huntington desire to
have certain ships of English manufac
ture given an American register. It
is stated here that Huntington is anx
ious to have the China, the Aztec and
Baracouda fly the American flag. They
are Rnglish bottoms and not entitled
to the privilege. It is openly said here
that Huntington has made a deal with
the annexatlonists whereby these ves
sels were to be given register. Then
there would be no way of preventing
them having American registry if fly
ing the flag of Hawaii at the time the
Islands were taken in. This is thought
here to be the milk in the cocoanut. It
is even stated that some of these ships
have already received the boon Hunt
ington has been seeking, and now fly
the Hawaiian flag. Among those who
know Huntington the opinion prevails
that this is in accordance with the spe
cific terms of a bargain. Huntington
had agreed, they think and say, that
in the event of receiving the registry
asked for, he would do all he could to
help annexation, and he is doing it.
Among the opponents of annexation
this fact is a source of delight. They
contend that nothing could injure the
Dole scheme quite so much as the sup
port of it by Huntington. That he
comes to it 3 support, they argue, is the
best showing possible that it Is per
nicious and directly against the com
THIS IS Wt-iAT ANNEXATION MEANS.
mon interests. Indeed, the fact that
Huntington is fighting them is one of
the strongest assurances that they are
in the right, and that they will
triumph. They feel that this fight is
not one to be won with Southern Pa
cific money.
SENATOR MORGAN
MAKES A TALK
FOR ANNEXATION.
Claims That the Nation Which Controls the
Hawaiian Islands Will Control the
Commerce of the Pacific.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— Senator
Morgan occupied the attention of the
Senate during the entire time of the
executive session to-day in the presen
tation of his views on the subject of
annexation of the Hawaiian Islands.
This was the second installment of the
Senator's speech, and when he conclud
ed, a few minutes after 5 o'clock, he
had not then reached the end. He
spoke for about three teours to-day, and
his speech was a general presentation
of the importance of the islands to the
T'nitfd States. He dwelt especially up
on the military importance of the is
lands, quoting General Schofield and
Captain Mahan at length in support of
his position that the islands were a
natural outpost for the United States
and necessary to the protection of our
western coast and of our general com
merce in case of war.
Mr. Morgan predicted that if the
United States did not take advantage
of the present opportunity to acquire
the islands there would be war between
this country and some other power
within ten years. It was not, he said,
within the bounds of possibility, in
view of the present European compe
tition for territory in Asia, that the
Hawaiian Islands should be allowed to
remain independent for any length of
time after the United States should an
nounce a determination not to make
them a part of American territory.
"Does the Senator from Alabama
mean to say," interrupted Senator Pet
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CEISTTS.
ATTORNEY
DUNN GIVES
HIS VIEWS
City Has the Right ta
Assume Possession
in July.
Lease Held by the Mo
nopoly Will Expire
in That Month.
The Counsel's Contention Is.
Backed by an Array of Ju
dicial Decisions.
PEOPLE WILL TRIUMPH.
Excellent Results of Th« Call's Cru
sade Against a Greedy and Shame
less Corporation.
Special Dispatch to The Cat!.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 18.— The second
result of the publication by The Call
of the people's side of the case in the
great battle that is on between the
city of Los Angeles and the Los An
geles City Water Company, in which
the magnificent sum of over a million
and a half of money of the taxpayers
is at stake, can be recorded. The sec
ond result is one that will be a sur
prise to the people of Los Angeles, and
which will be another boomerang to
the syndicated daily press, which in
this all-important contest has present
ed only such facts as the water com
pany desired the pubiic to have. City
Attorney William E. Dunn goes on
record as stating that the proposition
and contention of Mayor M. P. Snyder
that at the expiration of its lease from
the cJty the plant now in the posses
sion of the water company reverts to
the city and that the city can take pos
session of it on July 22 next is correct
and sound from a legal standpoint.
This Is the most Important state
ment that has ever come from City At
torney Dunn in regard to this matter
of municipal operation of a watei dis
tributing plant. Mr. Dunn goes fur
ther. He says that the counsel en
gaged and paid for by the city to con
fer with him in regard to all water
litigation — Messrs. Lee and Scott
agree with him that all the city has
to do is to take possession of the plant
of the water company on the expira
tion of Its lease. Then the company
will be forced to go into the courts to
have determined the valuation of the2
Improvements it has made to the plant
in the past thirty years, and for which
the city stands prepared to pay OHy
fair and equitable price.
air. Dunn adds that, in company with
Messrs. Lee and Scott, he had for some
months been procuring and brieiing au- ;
thorities which support his contention,
and that he had found them and fully :
•satisfied himself and his associates that
It was a proper move for the city to
make on the 22d day of next July. :
When The Call of Monday reached
here this morning and as soon as it be
came circulated among the people, the
greatest interest was manifested in the
paper's expose of the condition of the
■water fight. Citizens gathered in knots
about the streets and talked the matter
over. In the clubs and in the public
offices at the City Hall and the Court
house it was the Bole topic of discus- j
Bion. The fact that most impressed cv- j
erybody was the idea that the people ,
of Los Angeles were compelled to go to
San Francisco to find a daily newspa
per that would protect them from a |
cold-blooded, clean-cut, deliberately I
planned scheme that was being put up
and gradually being carried to a sue- j
cessful consummation to mulct them -
in the sum of almost $2,000,000. if mv- ;
nieipal ownership was obtained, or to
defeat the proposition altogether. The
Times, Herald and Express wore round
ly denounced on Jill sides, and the po
sition taken by The Call was every
where the subject of favorable com- :
ment.
The men in bnth private and public
life, who have either openly m* covert
ly aided in the carrying out of the wa
ter company's skillfully arranged plans
Mere dismayed. In the past they have
been Becure, and have imagined that
they were protected from censure for
betraying the people's interest. They
have known that the syndicated three
daily papers would never hold them np
to public scorn for any official act they
might be guilty of which would
strengthen the clutch of the water com
pany upon the people of this city.
They knew that do cftlaen would bo
given access to the Times. Herald or
Express for the purpose of. exposing
their betrayal of their trust.
Therefore when The Call came into
the field with a presentation of the
people's Bide of this vital contest it
caused an awakening among those who
knew their own guilt. They went about
and when asked what they thought
of the matter as presented by The Call
they shook their beads. They made
no attempt to deny the facts as pre
sented, for they could not. The facts
were absolutely -unassailable In point
of truth or logic. So these persons
simply dismissed the subject as beat
they could and proceeded to private of
fices, where they conferred among
themselves.
A representative of The Call called
upon s. H. Mr.tt, the secretary of the
LoS Angeles City Water Company, to
day and requested a statement "from
him as the representative of the OOT
poration. Mr. ICott was Informed
that the paper desired to Rive the
company's side of the case fairly, and
would do so over his sitcnature as sec
retary. He said that he had no au
thority to give any staromenl and the
matter was one in which he rould not
not without the consent of the board
of directors and under its instruction.
Herman Silver, the president of the
City Council, was seen. Mr. Silver was
not desirous of making any statement,
but he did Rive to The ("all the follow
ing Signed communication:
My views on the water question have
time and apaln been made public through
my utterances on the floor of the Council
chamber and by my official acts and votes
as Councilman. By them I am willing to
be Judged.
I was elected as a Councilman upon • a
platform favoring municipal ownership
of the water pFant. All of my acts In an
official and private capacity have been
aimed and directed to bring about that
result upon a basis of equity and Justice
to all parties concerned.
HERMAN SILVER.
Further than this statement Mr. Sil
ver declined to go, on the ground that
he had no desire to enter into any con
troversy.
William E. Dunn, City Attorney, was
Interviewed. Mr. Dunn wished It to
be distinctly understood that in the
battle that was now on he desired to
be at all times recorded as being on the
Bide of the people, whose interests he
had sworn to faithfully represent and
protect as the legal adviser of the mu
nicipality. Asked as to his opinion of
the Mayor's contention that on the 22d
of July next the city could again take
possession of its plant, the City Attor
ney said:
"The Mayor, in announcing that fact
in his annual message placed the water
company in possession of information
which may defeat the accomplishment
of anything of the kind. Messrs. Lee
and Scott and myself had fully deter
mined upon advising that very course
of procedure at the proper time. We
have gone into the matter exhaustively
and become convinced that it was legal,
but not until next July should this have
been given out. The water company
can now go into the courts and claim
that it is threatened with being forci
bly dispossessed of its property and ask
that the city be enjoined from taking
the step.
"If the Mayor had not made the pub
lication we could have quietly gone on
the expiration of the lease and taken
possession of the plant. Then the water
company could have done the litigat
ing."
"Mr. Dunn, you are perhaps aware
that in certain quarters it has been al
leged that you, as legal adviser of the
city, have contributed your mite to
procure for the company the much de
sired delay in bringing negotiations for
the acquirement of the plant by the
city to a head?"
"No man can truthfully allege any
thing of the kind. Whatever I may
have done in the past no one can as
sert that I have done other than my
duty as City Attorney, and more par
ticularly does this apply to the water
matter. I am a young man and upon
my conduct of the water negotiations
I am willing to stake my future. On
the 24th of next month a suit will be
tried in the Superior court of tremen
dous importance to the city. It is to
determine the ownership of the source
of water supply of the Crystal Springs
Land and Water Company. We claim
that the water comes from the river
and that it belongs to the city. The
water company claims it by right of
development. I tell you that I am go
ing to win this case for the city. s
"T wish to say that my record is open
and I challenge any one to demonstrate
where and how by any specific act of
mine I have betrayed the people and
shown any undue friendship for the
water company."
The Express, the special pleader for
the water company in the evening
journalistic field, has frequently re
ferred to the fact that the water com
pany is a heavy tax-payer. The truth,
of the matter is the water company has
not yet paid its city taxes. It is by
litigation seeking to evade payment.
The water company contends that the
assessment made by the City Assessor
is not equitable. Its city taxes amount
to $11,726 96. It refuses to pay them,
but tendered $10,006 30 on a valuation
fixed by its own directors. The City
Tax Collector declines to accept the
money. So the water company has paid
no city taxes because it is not satisfied
with an assessment approved by its
own counsel.
Exclusive of the sum .above men
tioned it paid taxes to the county in
the sum of $16,514 24 for the -year.
Street Riots at Prague.
PRAOT'E. Jan. 18.— There were further
street riots to-day between the Czech and
the Germans and the streets were pa
trolled by troops. .
.-. — *~ , I
To Cure a Cold irj One Day ■ '
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund money If It falls to cure.
BDc. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
CULPRITS WHO
ARE PROTECTED
L,os Angeles Boodlers Not
in Danger of Prose
cution.
Better Government League Too
Busy Hounding Walter
L. Webb.
Shows No Disposition to Cause Self-
Confessed Bribe-Takers to Be
Punished.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 18.— In view of
the recent disclosures made in The Call
as to the composition of the League for
Better City Government, its manage
ment, its personnel and its objects, peo
ple are discussing from a new stand
point its connection with the prosecu
tion of Walter L. Webb.
In this case the league figures as the
prosecutor through its attorneys; as
Judge it is represented by Charles Cas
sat Davis, chairman of the Board of
Kriucation, who is a league member and
who was elected a School Director on
the ticket of the league. The league
also sits as Jury in this case, as it ap
parently controls a majority of the mem
bers of the board. Judging from the
election of Chairman Davis as presiding
officer of that body.
With the league acting as prosecu
te r, judge and jury, people are now
wondering how Webb can expect jus
tice to be done him.
Attention has also been drawn to the
persistency and energy with which
Webb had been pursued, and the utter
neglect to prosecute all others who have
been shown t<> be implicated more or
less directly in the School Board scan
dals. There are no less than nine per
sons who have been* shown to be guilty
of criminal acts in this connection by
th-ir own confessions, by the uncontra
dicted testimony of others, or by docu
mentary evidence.
C. H. Axt.il, Superintendent of Build
ings and Janitors, approached various
school employe* f'»r the purpose of t-x
torting money from them, and actually
received money from a number of them.
He also swore falsely before the School
Hoard, before the Grand Jury and be
fore the Superior Court in connection
with the Webb case.
J. F. Adams, who resigned from the
, School Board as the result of the pres
ent investigations, committed the same
offenses charged against Axtell, with
the possible exception that he did not
lay himself liable to a charge of per
jury while testifying in the Superior
Court.
J. S. Pitman, the minister who was a
member of the preceding Board of Ed
ucation, acted as go-between in a mat
ter of bribery for E. E. Cooper and Ax
tell.
J. H. Braly, a member of the Board
of Education, has confessed to having
indulged in the practice of "shaving"
teachers' warrants through the South
ern California Savings Bank, of which
he is president. In doing this Mr.
Braly violated two separate and dis
tinct laws, laying himself liable to
prosecution for a felony, and his bank
Breedings to forfeit its franchise.
2. Cooper, a janitor in one of the
: schools, boujrht his position
Axtell through the agency of the
r. H. Pitman.
W. H. Morris, the janitor of the High
School, bought his position and testiiied
falsely before the Grand Jury.
Miss Clara Sehroeter, a teacher in
one of the schools, procured her posi
tion by purchase from Adams. She
claims that her mother transacted all
the business connected with the matter
without her knowledge.
C. J. Rohde, the instructor in physical
culture, purchased his position directly
of Adams.
F. K. Neilson, a contractor, secured a
contract from the Board of Education
by means of a bribe.
Here is ample scope for the energies
of the League for Better City Govern
ment, say the people, if it is really de
sirous of acting fairly and conscien
tiously.
Comment is frequently heard as to
why th<- bank commissioners have not
begun an investigation of the affairs
of the Southern California Savings
Bank, in view of the fact that that in
stitution has made illegal investments
of the moneys intrusted to it by depos
itors.
HUNTINGTON
IN FAVOR OF
ANNEXATION
Continued from First Page.
tigrew, "that the Hawaiian Govern
ment would voluntarily seek the pro
tection of some other power and thus
forego the great advantage those is
lands now enjoy in their reciprocity ar
rangements with the United States
which results in our remitting to them
annually not less than $6,000,000?"
To this question Senator Morgan re
plied that the reciprocity treaty had
been negotiated for the purpose of giv
ing this country cheap sugar. He said
it had been of greater benefit to the
United States than it had been to Ha
waii, because it had accomplished its
purpose of making cheaper one of the
great commodities and one of the ne
cessities of every household. We want.
he said, not only the sugar from Ha
waii, but cheaper coffee as well, and
that and many other necessary articles
could be grown on those islands.
The Senators displayed a number of
large maps, from which he contended
that the islands were in the roadway
of commerce between our western
roast and the Orient, and said that all
ships, whether laden with the articles
of commerce ot munitions of war must
necessarily pass them in going from
and to this country and the Asiatic
coast, and thus, he said, the nation
which controls Hawaii will control the
commerce of the East. In closing, he
said that failure to annex the islands
meant inevitable bloodshed, and the re
sponsibility for that bloodshed would
rest upon the Senate of the Unjted
States for its failure to perform its
duty at this critical hour in the history
of the two countries.
Merced Loses a Pioneer.
MERCED. Jan. IS.— Tho death of J. W.
Snyder, a pioneer of Mariposa County,
where he was engaged extensively in
stock-raising, occurred yesterday morning
in this city after a brief illness. Mr. Sny
der served his county In th<» Legislature
of 1873-74, and always took a warm inter
est in politics, being a stanch Repub
lican. He occupied the position of gate
keeper in the last Legislature. He was
a prominent Mason, and funeral service*
will be held under the auspices of that
order.
THE SA^ST FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JAXUAKY 19, 1898.
MAY MAKE A
LONG STAND
Cotton-Mill Strikers Are
Preparing for a
Siege.
Non-Union Men Who Are Out
May Not Receive Suffi
cient Support.
All the Operatives in New England
Watching the Outcome of
the Struggle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 18.— Grim determina
tion on the part of both sides, coupled
with a defined issue between employer
and employe, as well as practically an
absence of any sign of demonstration,
were the features of the second day in
the great strike in the cotton industry.
As yesterday interest centered almost
entirely in the strike at New Bedford,
where the disturbances led to the belief
that a similar demonstration might be
attempted to-day. Nothing of the kind
occurred and the strikers strength
ened their cause by making the ques
tion- of fines a definite issue with the
millowners. It is just possible that an
agreement in this question may lead to
some satisfactory ending of the whole
matter in that city.
The matter of financial support to the
strikers was generally discussed, not
only in New Bedford, but in Biddeford,
Baco and Lewiston, and while the union
strikers seem to have no anxiety re
garding the next three months, non
union men who are out fear they may
not receive sufficient support.
In Fall River the superintendent of
the King Mill, where there is a strike,
went so far as agreeing to remedy
union grievances, but other than this
there appears no break in the line of
manufacturers during the day.
The 100.000 operatives in all six of
the New England States are watching
the contest in New Bedford, Saco and
Biddeford very clusely.
BIDDEFORD. Me.. Jan. 18.— The
strike situation here is unchanged from
yesterday. The Pepperell. Laconia and
York mills remain shut down, and th- r->
is every indication of a long struggle.
A committee of York operatives will
call on Agent Page to-day and endeav
or to secure an adjustment of their
grievances on account of the reduction.
USWIBTON, Me.. Jan. IK.— Every
thing was quiet at the Lewiston cotton
mills to-day. At the Androseoggin, the
only mill where trouble exists, a crowd
■as gathered about the gates, but no
violence was offered those who j |
through Into the mill. Small sections
Of the mill are running.
FITCHBURC, Mass.. Jan. 11— The
weavers of the Hockage cotton Mill,
who struck yesterday against a reduc
tion In wages, thereby compelling the
factory to close, returned to work to
day. The weavers, who were the only
operatives who opposed the cut, have
decided to accept the reduction.
VOLUNTEERS'
CONSPIRACY
DISCOVERED
Continued from First Page.
orable uniform of the Spanish army"
desired to raise disturbances against
the Government of Spain at a most
critical period for the Spanish cause
in Cuba. Up also threatened them, as
a representative of the cnrwn and com
mander-in-chief of the army, with se
vere punishment for the crime of
treason.
The Governor General's words great
ly impressed the colonels. The Count
of Diana, a well-known Spanish irre
concilable and the oldest among: the
colonels, was selected by them to re
ply. He said that the loyalist Span
iards in Cuba, who had devoted their
whole lives to preserve the sovereignty
of Spain in the island, were not satis
fied with the new regime.
Here Blanco interrupted him in a
thunderous voice, saying that Jie WOUM
not permit the least reflection cm the
Government by colonels under his com
mand and subject to military discipline.
The Count of Diana then yielded, and
protested against what he said was a
calumny on the volunteers. He avow
ed that the volunteers are most loyal
to their Queen and their flap.
Blanco made all the other colonels
one by one ratify these final words of
the Count of Diana.
It is officially declared to-day that "a
spontaneous declaration of loyalty was
made by the volunteers to the Gov
ernor General, who is entirely satis
fied."
An officer from the palace went this
morning foy order of General Blanco to
Lieutenant Colonel Calderon's house,
and commanded him to immediately
present his resignation from the Fifth
Battalion of volunteers. He did so,
and it la just announced that Calder
on's resignation has "been accepted."
No further riots have occurred in
Havana, but the city is still under mil
itary control of General Arolas, and
presents the same warlike aspect.
The opinion of all persons here who
know the Spaniards is that the situa
tion is very grave. If the conspiracy
of the volunteers has been averted by
General Blanco's opportune interfer
ence, it is not less certain that their
feeling of hatred against autonomy is
growing more and more every day. and
as the regular army is in a state of
great discontent and demoralization, a
serious military outbreak is to be ex
pected at any moment.
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The Democrats will advocate immedi
ate action on the Cuban matter by
Congress, while the Republicans will
express their conviction that the ad
ministration will not long delay, and
that action by Congress would only
complicate matters. " As all amend
ments are out of order, the talk will
amount to nothing more than to give
members of the House an opportunity
to fill the Congressional Record with
belligerent speeches for home con
sumption in their districts. The
speeches, however, give emphasis to
the pressure that is being exerted by
Cuban sympathizers throughout the
country in favor of intervention. There
is a growing belief on the Republican
side of the House that some executive
action will be taken.
A Republican member of the Com
mittee on foreign affairs told me this
afternoon that he believed the Presi
dent was about to serve notice upon
Spain that unless peace and order
should be restored wftnln sixty or
ninety days, the T'nited States would
intervene to establish, peace.
SANTA FE MAY
HAVE A RIVAL
Indications That Another
Railway Will Enter
San Diego.
Committee Which Obtained a
Franchise Is Moving in
Secret.
Believed to Have Strong Assurance
That Its Plans Will Be
Successful.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAX DIEGO, Jan. l<v— Citizens of
San Diego are much interested in the
mysterious moves being made by a
committee appointed by the Chamber
of Commerce, looking toward the con
struction of a railroad from this city
to the Colorado River, as a competitor
of the Santa Fe. This committee con
sists of U. S. Grant, Captain ML Sher
man, W. N. King. ML A. Luce, A. E.
Nutt and C. L. Josselyn. The City
Council last night granted a franchise
to this committee, giving it terminals,
depot grounds and rights of way
through the city on a line parallel w ith
the bay.
The committee has been at work for
some weeks, keeping its doings entirely
t. and not even announcing its
time or place of meeting. The Council,
in granting the franchise, asked the
committee for information as to its
purpose, desiring to know whether oth
er railroad corporations or private capi
tal had been induced to favorably con
sider the enterprise. But the gentle
men declined to make anything pub
lic, telling the Councilmen that they
would have to grant the franchise on
faith alone and on confidence in the in
tegrity of th^ committee. The Council
I ted this statement, and gave the
franchise, which is a good indication
of the strong desire <.'f this city for a
direct Eastern outlet.
The personnel of this committee Is
very high. Everybody knows v. S.
Grant, by name at least. Captain Sher
man is ex-Mayor <>f the city; M. A.
Lure, an ex-Judge, is one <>f the most
highly respected men In the city and
prospective Postmaster; "W. X. King, a
well known capitalist, has been promi
nent in working tor San Diego's inter
ests as has also <\ 1,. Josselyn. A. E.
Nutt is a prominent lawyer and Alder
man. Being a city official, his name
floes 'not appear as one <>f the holders
of th<> franchise from the city.
Speculation in the absence of known
f;i<ts is of course rife as to the real
moves going <>n under the surface.
Some citizens have openly declared it
somewhat more than a coincidence that
th>- railroad scheme was launched sim
ultaneously, almost, with Mr. Grant's
Senatorial hot m. Whil" this may have
been, and probably was. entirely a co
incidence, it is nevertheless a fact that
the leader of a succesfal movement to
secure a direct Eastern railroad from
San DiegO, can have the Senatorshiv or
anything else h» likes, so far as San
Diego can pi\o it to him. Mr. Grant,
who is personally of a retiring dispo
sition, has become very well known to
his townsmen through his connection
with this railroad project, and if it suc
ceeds, he will be beyond question im
mensely popular.
Captain M. Sherman, chairman of the
committee, told the Council last night
that the committee was hard at work
gathering statistics, and. with the fran
chise, in hand, would be able to deal
with outside railroad corporations. Hut.
so far .is can be learned, no actual ne
gotlationa an- yot in progress. The
committee, at least, conveys this idea.
T'nder the terms of the franchise tho
road must be located through the city
by January 1, 1599, and the work com
pleted by another year. Th^ right of
way is similar in terms to tho Santa Fe
right of way. hut the Santa Fe has the
advantage over the new proposition in
having had lands of a present value of
at least 13.000,006 granted as an induce
ment to come to San Diego.
COILS TIGHTEN
ABOUT RAYMOND
Strong Testimony Against the
Second Baden Murder
Suspect.
Witnesses Who Convicted Winters
Repeat Their Stories in This
Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD (ITV. Jan. IR.-The trial
Of C. H. Raymond for murder was con
tinued to-day, and will probably bo ended
by to-morrow night. The testimony is
iout the same at that given in the
Winters case. The story of the attempted
robbery of Robert Ferritcr in the Grand
Hotel at Had. n by Harry Winters and
the shooting of C. A. Andrews by C. H.
Raymond at the fame time Is being told
by the name witnesses. Winters was to
day produced in court, and was identified
l>y a number r.f witnesses who saw him
in company with Raymond, who w,as also
identified on the day preceding the
murder.
Patrick Forriter and James McNamara
t..-d;iy described the crime a-s it took
place in the Grand Hotel on November
17. John Gallagher, who conducted the
autopsy on th<; body of C. A. Andrews,
described the result. C. P. Richardson,
a motorman and conductor on the elec
tric line from Holy Cross Cemetery to
Baden station, identified Raymond and
Winters as two men he saw on the after
noon of the 16th of November on the
road kmlii X toward South San Francisco.
John Munroe testified to having seen the
defendant at the Arcade Hotel in Baden
on the 16th. Rachael Tennabaum and her
son told how they exchanged two cheap
revolvers for a Smith & Wesson hammer
less with Winters in October last, and
Identified the weapon recovered from
Raymond as one or them.
Attorney Kirkbride did not question the
witnesses to any extent, as it only had a
tendencey to make them more positive.
He did, however, question Patrick Per
riter as to the amount of light shed by
a candle such as Andrews held on the
fatal night, and lighted a candle for com
parison. The witness could not compare
them, as one was used at night and the
other by day.
The following jurors are trying the
case: A. P. Johnson. Charles Hatch.
Harry Horton, Jerry Hollinshead. W. J.
MeCormlek.John Walker John Sherman
tine. Harry Jenkins, A. Hilson. John
Mitvalsky and William Throwell.
Thomas Tootle Stricken.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Jan. 18.— Thomas
Tootle, aged 75, ; the oldest surviving
brother-- ol':'; the famous trio ' of
millionaires— Milton, John and . Thomas
— suffered an attack of apoplexy
to-day. He was seated in ; the Tootle-
Lemon private bank when stricken. His
recovery is doubtful. i His nephew,- Milton
Tootle Jr., is the present head of the
large estate.
LED A DOUBLE
LIFE FOR YEARS
The Late James L. Clark
of Santa Rosa Was a
Bigamist.
Deserted Wife and Son in On
tario to Flee With Another
Woman.
Steps Being Taken to Transfer His
Property to the Rightful
Heirs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 18.— Thirty years
aero, when Santa Rosa was hardly dis
cernible on the map, James L. Clark
and his wife arrived here and settled
in this city. They came from Anna-
P^e, Ontario. As Mr. Clark was suc
cessful in business and led an exem
plary life, it was not long before the
couple enjoyed the confidence and re
spect of the entire community. About
two years ago Mrs. Clark died. Last
fall Mr. Clark also passed away, and
in settling up his estate it was discov
ered that the woman with whom he
had lived all these years was not his
legal wife.
From Attorney W. S. Williams of
Berkeley, who visited this city this
afternoon, the facts in the case were
learned as follows: Thirty years ago
Clark was a well known resident of
Annapee. He was engaged in business
in that city and had an estimable wife
and one son. He suddenly disappeared,
abandoning his family, and with him
he took a woman who had been for
some months residing at that place.
She became the second Mrs. Clark. No
trace of the missing man was ever
found, although a determined search
was made for him for years.
When Clark died he left a considera
ble estate, which he left to his nieces,
Earla Terrell. Harriett Gill and Edna
Terrell of Ferndale, Humboldt County.
In some manner Clark's executors
heard of the true state of affairs and
an investigation was begun, with the
result that Attorney Williams visited
this city this afternoon and began the
preliminary work of securing an- order
to set aside the property for the bene
fit of Clark's first wife and his son,
who Is now about 35 years of age.
The affair has caused a great deal
of comment here, where Mr. Clark and
the woman who was supposed to be his
wife were well known. About ten
years ago Attorney Williams, who was
formerly Mayor of Annapee and knew
Clark well while he lived there, hap
pened to meet him on the streets of
this city. Recognizing him at once he
questioned Clark as to his actions since
leaving home, whereupon Clark broke
down and cried like a child.
WORK OF NICARAGUA
CANAL COMMISSION
Surveys Will Take More Time
Than Those Made in
1893.
Eleven Parties in the Fi««ld and
Work Proceeding at Various
Points Along tVie Pacific.
Copyright, 1598, by James Gordon Bennett.
GERRITOWN, Nicaragua , Jan. IS.— A
heavy norther and rainfall is delaying
the work of the Nicaraguan Canal Com
mission. The Newport, with a cargo of
laborers from Port Limon. was obliged to
put to pea three days ago from her an
chorage outside the bar for safety. She
is now lying at Monkey Point, thirty miles
up the coast, but is expected hack daily.
When she comes the commission will go
to the interior, distributing laborers
among parties working along the San
Junn River and in that vicinity.
The work will take much longer than
that of the commission of UK, and the
new commission will have a vast amount
Of data, much of it new. to examine in
making its report. Eleven parties are
now in the field, 200 men in all. The men
are working at various points all along
to the Pacilic. Work up to the present
has been chiefly in clearing the line of
the canal and making observations- of the
rainfall and evaporation and the gaug
ing of streams. The officers of the New
port will make an exhaustive survey of
the harbor and coast soundings. The re
sult of tho work on the harbor may cause
a suggestion for a change of the entrance
to the canal, though it is not probable
that the suggestion would be as radical
as that of the 1S!O commission. Sixty
men are working in the vicinity of Ochoa,
near the location selected for placing a
dam across the river, which was so se-
verely criticized by the commission of
1895. Bearings are being made and other
observations made looking to the rinding
of the best site, but some other way than
the proposed dam may be found for solv
ing that particular part of the canal
problem. The commission is favorable
to the project, but purposes making a
complete examination of all its features
and conditions before making a report.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. IS.— During to
day's session of the Nicaragua canal con
vention resolutions were adopted urging
on Congress the necessity of legislation
to secure the permanent construction of
the canal. The resolutions recite that
the opening of such a water way would '
jsrently increase the nation's commerce,
wouldstimulate activity in shipyards and
would double the effective value of the
United States navy. A committee was ap
polntod to visit Washington and person
ally urge the necessary legislation. The
committee appointed includes S. C. Cobb,
Florida; Senator E. B. Watson, Nebras
ka; H. M. Moore, Iowa; and P. A. Buel,
California.
Another committee, with C. W. Paul of
Nebraska as chairman, was appointed to
arrange for a meeting at Omaha next
fall.
A permanent executive committee was
appointed, with ex-Governor Fishback of
Arkansas as chairman.
To-night the delegations departed for
Port Arthur as the guests of the Kansas
City, Plttsburg and Gulf railroad.
NEW TO-DAY.
Has Disappeared
Troubled with Catarrh, But Hood's Sar-
saparilla Cured It.
"Since taking Hood's Sarsaparilla I
have not been troubled with catarrh,
and it keeps my blood pure. I have rec-
ommended it to others, and advise all
troubled with impure blood to give it a
trial." T. B. PULLINS, Chula Vista,
Cal.
HOOD'S PARHXA
Is the boat— ln fact the One True Blood Purifier.
UOOD'B MLLS euro sick headache. 2oc.
MANY SEEKING
GORMAN'S TOGA
Struggle for the Maryland
Senatorship to Be
Prolonged.
Now There Is a Prospect of a
Deadlock in the Legis
lature.
Eleven Republicans, Backed by the
Democrats, May Prevent a
Decisive Ballot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANXAPOLIS, Md.. Jan. 13.— The first
ballot in the Maryland Legislature for
a successor to Arthur P. Gorman in the
United States Senate was taken to
day, each branch balloting separately,
with the following result: McComas 34,
Shaw 11. Shyrock 3, Findlay 2, Parran
6, Mulliken 1. Barber 6, Urner 1, Gor
man 43, Lowndes 1, Page 1; total 109.
Absent — Republicans 2, Democrats 3;
necessary to choice 55.
The candidates are Judge Louis E.
McComas of Washington County, Ma
jor Alexander Shaw, General Thomas
J. Shyrock, ex-Congressman John V.
L. Findlay all of Baltimore City;
Thomas Parran, Colonel J. C. Mulliken,
Isaac A. Barber and Milton G. Urner.
But one ballot was taken, and this
leaves the situation as much involved
in uncertainty as it was before the
voting began.
The preliminary skirmishing has
been attended with great bitterness
and dissension in the ranks of the Re
publicans, who have a considerable
majority in both houses. These dis
sensions have rendered it impossible to
bring about a Republican caucus and
there seems to be little probability that
this method of settling the dispute will
be resorted to in the near future.
The first break in the Republican
ranks came two weeks ago. when
eleven members of the House of Dele
gates from Baltimore City refused to
caucus on the speakership. and by ef
fecting a coalition with the Democrats
NEW TO-DAY.
| Durrant's Last i
| Amusement v
! This is the famous puzzle ;! v
i which occupied so much of ;
ji Durrant's time during his last !
]! hours on earth. Presented !
<! to him by Attorney Deuprey. j|
|! $100 IN CASH TO BE GIVEN AWAY. !|
i[ To the boy or girl who sells the largest number of these famous puzzles before July '|
(i( i Ist, 1898, $50 ; to the second most successful, $30 ; and to the third, $20. To all who /
Ji sell over five puzzles ten per cent discount will be given — in cash. Easiest way in '
I 1 the world for young folks to make money; ten cents starts you in business. Write
I 1 for particulars. . !
( This is the most interesting and intricate puzzle yet invented. When completed ''<
ji the pieces form a perfect checker board. Will amuse young and old for hours. Price
I 10 cents, postpaid ; send stamps or cash. Address Checker Board Puzzle Co., P.O.
I Box 352, Sacramento, Cal. Reference California State Bank, Sacramento. !
KLONDIKE SLEDS.
; " -
Do not go over the pass without one; get the kind that will bear a few
upsets and come up all right with the load strapped on where it belongs—
we have on sale three or four of the mcst approved kinds, and are turn-
ing out a dozen or two every day, mostly to dealers here and in the cities
north of us. Secure them while you can. .-".
EVERYTHING COMPLETE FOR ALASKA.
Wolf Harness. Boat Packs, best.
Dog Harness. Muck-a-Lucks.
Man Saddles. Klondike Boots. - X
Sleighs, plain or folding. Arctic Rubbers - V
Combination Toboggan and Sled. Packing Bags, canvas.
Patent Folding Houses. Oil Bags, black or yellow.
Folding Stoves. KUy^. Sleeping Bags, fur. canvas, sheep, or
Folding Rockers, correct design. buffalo
Asbestos Lined Stoves. Buffalo Cloth Overcoats
Imported Soup Tablets. Reindeer Fur Clothing.
Imported Vegetable Army Rations. Heavy Underwear.
Imported Beef Capsules. -, . Heavy Blankets.
Saccharine Tablets. - Tents, felt lined.
Malted Milk and Wheat Tablets. Cooking Apparatus. .
Evaporated Potatoes, raw. •:- , - Mining Tools. '
Desiccated Potatoes, cooked. Leather-soled Boots.
Potato Flour, or granulated. • Snow Caps.
Evaporated Onions. Heavy Warm Gloves.
Mining and other laws complete. Maps of the Gold Fields.
Our book, "On the Klondike," sent free to any address.
Ask us for particulars about what to take. ,y- ."
We are posted on Alaska wants and have nothing to conceal.
SEE OUR EXHIBIT IN THE MINING FAIR NEXT WEEK.
CASH STORE,
mb )H^w7 25-27 Market St., San Francisco.
■•XSr^^- siJSmsJB * TELEPHONE, MAIN 1340.
V^BrBBBHB^PsEB^ 7 The only Grocers who made an exhibition of Pure Foods
! X^SfeSS^ 'Hp/ »* l - B Mechmics' Fair »nd received & DIPLOMA and
I ; . . CBBTIFIOATS OF PURITY IN EVERY ARTICLE,
BRUSHES - --'- -- mm% fipi lIHI V
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maker*, car.nora, ts-iAlll 111 impr m m « WB
dyers, flourmills. foundries. laundries, paper- ■■- __ ,«, A i «^™,» ♦„ **. '
han ers. printers, painter... sho« factories. J°ns a™ U?e^ T^L^ r^L frOm , tho natlve ****• Oon.
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailor., etc. 'tl noxio * e^-m 'v P^.P" l^ °* "T"'"* '
Brush BUCHANAN BROB.. , WW>illolM>dMl " Annmri h|
Brush Manufacturers,6o9 SacramcntoSt. "* MMU «- MtMl^->.w LcldM^ AUO ".f'^
elected one of their own number to
that office. Numerous attempts have
since been made to get the seceders
back in line, but they remain firm in
their position. Without at least two
of their number the Republicans are
powerless to elect any one, and with
the aid of the Democratic vote the
"faithful eleven," as they have been
nicknamed, may at any time elect a
man of their own choosing or cause a
deadlock until the end of the session.
With this possibility in view the Dem
ocrats are using every possible means
to foment the discord.
Such a situation naturally gives rise
to all manner of conjectures and specu
lation, and there are many who believe
that it may yet be possible for Senator
Gorman to succeed himself, if he can
carry the next legislative election in
November, 1890. This possibility is,
however, admitted by the Democratic
leaders to be a very remote one.
Mayor Malster of Baltimore, while
not an avowed candidate, it is certain
that he would not be averse to wear
ing the toga, and there is much talk
here to-night concerning the possibil
ity of another coalition between the
Democrats and the "Malsterites" and
"faithful eleven." for the purpose of
electing the leader of the anti-organi
zation wing of the Republican party.
That such a thing is possible there is
no doubt, and it is freely asserted that
Senator Gorman and his lieutenants
will try their best to bring about such
a result whenever it is demonstrated
that a deadlock is no longer practica
ble.
To-morrow at noon balloting will be
resumed, this time in joint session, and
will be continued until a result is
reached. It is generally conceded that
there is no reason to expect an elec
tion this week, as Judge McComas, the
leading candidate, is believed to have
polled very nearly his full strength.
McKENNA'S CONFIRMATION
TO OCCUR ON FRIDAY,
When Action Is Taken by the Senate He
Will Be Promptly Sworn in by the
Chief Justice.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS.— It appears
now that there will not be more than
four or five votes against MeKenna's
confirmation when it is taken up again
next Friday. Allen of Nebraska is th<;
only Senator who is making any fight
against it, although Senators Pettis and
Pettigrew may vote against confirmation.
Allen has received long telegrams from
the Pacific Coast. One of the telegrams
is from A. L. Rhodes of California, who
was at one time a candidate for <^hief
Justice of the Supreme Court of Califor
nia and who was defeated, although the
Republican candidate for Governor was
elected by B,ttX) majority. The opposi
tion of Rhodes is not likely to cut much
of a ligure when this becomes known to
the Senators. There is not the slightest
doubt of Judge MeKenna's confirmation
on Friday. He will be immediately sworn
into office by the Chief Justice.NICOLINI,
THE TENOR,
IS DEAD
Being Patti's Husband
Gave Him Title
to Fame.
Successor to the Marquis
of Caux in the Diva's
Affections.
Hastening to His Bedside She
Will Find the End I 3
Coma.
ILL FOR A LONG TIME.
Ccmld Not Bear the Aosenoe of the
■Woman He Loved, "Yet He
Dies Alone.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
LONDON. Jan. 18.— Nlcolin! died to
day at Pau. in the south of France.
PARIS. Jan. 18.— Patti left Paris sud
denly to-night to hasten to the bedside
of her dying husband. As it has hap
pened, she will arrive to find him dead.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— The late Sig
nor Ernest Nicolini married Mme. Patti
In 1896. She had been divorced from
M. Louis Sebastian Henri de Roger de
Cahuzac, Marquis de Caux. Nicolini's
health began to fail him in the early
paw. of last year, and it was reported
that he was suffering from a cancerous
affection and from a complication of
other disorders.
He went to Brighton, England, from
Craig y Nos, Mme. Patti's residence In
Wales, and then to Langland's Bay,
where his health showed some signs of
Improvement and gave his friends
ground to hope for his recovery. For
several months, however, he had been
slowly growing worse. He finally be
came terribly emaciated and was con
fined altogether to his rooms.
At his removal to Pau his malady
soon developed more serious symptoms.
Both he and Mme. Patti were now
aware of the fatal nature of his illness,
and the friends who saw them together
described the absolute devotion of the
two as touching in the extreme. Nico
lini could scarcely bear to have her out
of his sight for a moment. He did not
care to be read to, or sung to, or talked
to; but simply to lie listlessly with his
eyes following her about the room.
Mme. Patti of late has rarely left
him, except for flying trips to fill a few
peremptory concert engagements.
Although Nicolini was at one time a
lycic tenor of fair rank, and made a
favorable impression In Italy and
France in a dozen operas, his title to
fame or notoriety for the past decade
has been the fact that W was the hus
band of Patti. Soon after the diva's
divorce from the Marquis de Caux she
accepted an offer of marriage from Nic
olini. It is said that he had a few
weeks before sung in opera with her,
and his strug-gle to sustain himself in
the higher notes and his disastrous
failure excited Patti's sympathy, and
this was followed by an affection that
was said to be sincere, even if platonic,
Pigrnor Xieolini had luxurious apart
ments at the castle at Cralg-y-Nos, and
allowed his wife to have her own sweet
way in everything. Patti was not sat
isfied with her marriage to the Marquis
d? Caux, and so when she wedded Nic
olini sh<j had the marriage ceremony
performed four times — a civil one, Ro
man Catholic, Greek Church and Angli
can or Protestant Episcopal.
Nicolini was born In Italy about fif
ty-two years ago, but lived for a long
time in Paris. There he met. wooed and
won his first wife, who died just at the
nick of time so that he could marry
the greatest cantatrice of the century.
By his first wife he had three children,
two boys and a girl, and it is to the
credit of Patti that she adopted Miss
Nicolini and aided the two boys to en
ter a military school and so secure their
present rank of captain and lieutenant
In the French army.
GEORGE M. OYSTER
SEEKS A DIVORCE
■WASHINGTON, Jan. "Washington
City has another divorce sensation in
high life. The parties are well known in
San Francisco, where they formerly re-
Bided., George M. Oyster Jr., one of the
prominent business men of this city, in
stituted a suit for divorce, asking the
District Supreme Court to sever the ties
that bind him and his wife, Eva H. Oys
ter. What caused the estrangement
which has culminated in divorce pro
ceedings is not stated, as both parties to
the suit have carefully avoided discuss
ing their domestic troubles even to their
most intimate friends. The grounds up
on which Mr. Oyster bases his claim to
the right of a decree of divorce are with
held from the public, he having availed
himself of the privilege of having the
papers In the case placed in the safe of
the clerk of the court.
The petition was filed late yesterday
afternoon by Mr. Oyster's attorney, Jo
seph Shillington. All who are familiar
with the nature of the complaints which
Mr. Oyster makes against his wife de
cline to speak of them. It is known,
however, that he has contemplated this
step for some time and that it was not
a hasty conclusion. Mr. Oyster was
married to the woman from whom he now
seeks a divorce about nine years ago, the
ceremony taking place in New York. She
To a i? orn £ ' he maiden name being
La Farge. Tney have lived in Wash
ington since the date of their marriage.
CHILE'S PRESIDENT PLACES
MILITIA IN ACTIVE SERVICE.
Indications That the Relations With Argen
tine Are Such That War Is Not
Improbable.
Copyrigrht, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Jan. 18.-President Er
razuriz signed a decree yesterday calling
into active service all the National Guards
of Chile and youths of 20 years or more.
According to conservative organs in San
tiago, Senor Joaquin Walker Martinez,
Chilean Minister in Buenos Ayres, Ar
gentina, who has just reached that city,
left his family in Buenos Ayres. This Is
taken to mean that the relations of Chile
&f^ ll , Ina are of a nature which
might lead to war'
• r^^°f SAY^ ' Jan 18.-Advices iOflt
recehed from the Herald's correspondent
!n i «? ti elr 'i' Brazl l. state that tho
Bale of the cruisers Abrou, De Odoro and
Floriano to Chile is announced. These
■ vessels are now in course of construction
< : tSi^f to T cke C .° have been
TO PROBE
THE CHARGES
OF BRIBERY
Senate Committee Be
gins Work at
Columbus.
Attorneys Not Permitted
to Take Part in the
Proceedings.
Several Witnesses Who Are
Called on Refuse to Give
Testimony.
ANTI-HAN N A MAN SCORED.
Burke Declared • Traitor to the Party
and Unfit to Serve Among
Investigators.
Special Dispatch to The Ceil.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 18.— The Sen
ate Committee to-night began Its In
vestigation Into the charges of bribery
made by Representative Otis during
the recent Senatorial contest. The
members of the House Committee ap
pointed to investigate the same charges
were invited to be present, but they
did not participate officially and there
will be two separate investigations. J.
J. Sullivan, H. M. Daugherty and Cy
rus Hullng were present to represent
Senator Hanna, Major Dick and oth
ers, but the committee voted 4 to 1
against allowing any counsel to par
ticipate.
The committee in executive session
decided not to hear any attorneys, and
adopted other rules of procedure. It
! was decided to hold executive sessions
j for business and to take the testlmony
iln public. The committee went from
j the committee rooms to the Senate
! chamber when it was ready to hear
witnesses and a crowd awaited them.
The committee consists of Senators
Robertson, Finck and Long, Demo
j crats, and Senators Burke and Gar
; field, Republicans. Senator Burke was
j one of the leaders of the opposition to
j Senator Hanna. Senator Garfield is
! the only member of the committee who
voted for Hanna, and the votes taken
were 4 to 1.
Senator Burke presided and Judge
; Robertson examined the witnesses. In
■ the executive session Judge Robertson
was appointed prosecutor. All mem
bers of the committee answered ques
tions except Senator Garfield. There
j were four witnesses examined to-night
ias follows: Samuel Pentland, pro
| prletor of the Neil House, where Sena
: tor Hanna had his headquarters;
Shepherd M. Dunlap, manager of the
Western Union Telegraph Company;
\V. K. Truesdale, manager of the Pos
< tal Telegraph Company; Frank Ross,
manager of the Tel. phone Company.
Nothing new was developed during
! the session of four hours. The wit
nesses refused to answer some ques
j tions and to produce their books and
; copies of messages. Mr. Pentland re
, fused to produce his books to show
who paid for rooms at the Neil House
| and for other expenses and was given
until to-morrow night to do so.
Manager Ross wanted to consult his
superior officers before telling who was
connected with the private telephone
; in the Neil House by their long dis
tance lines, and he was given more
time until to-morrow night.
Managers Dunlap and Truesdale
| were given until to- morrow night to
. produce copies of telegraph messages
i sent by the managers of the Hanna
i campaign.
In the Senate to-day there was a
! sensational and somewhat unexpected
I outcropping of the bitterness engen
! dered by the Senatorial fight. When
the standing committees were report -
| ed Senator Alexander presented a for
] mal protest against the placing of
i the name of Senator Burke of Cuya
hoga County, the only Republican
i member o ' the Senate who did not vote
i for Hanna, on the committee. In his
! protest Senator Alexander among
i other things said:
"I hereby desire to record my earnest
protest against the placing of the
name of Vernon H. Burke upon com-
I mlttees of this Senate upon which
I honorable gentlemen ' have been se
i lected to serve. To force by the ma
. Jority votes of this body the associa
tion of this betrayer of party trusts
with those whose honor and sense of
duty would shrink from such conduct
is to offer a reward for treason to
party, to principle and to American
| manhood. I protest against the viola
tion of party and personal pledges, and
I hereby declare it my duty to hold the
; party who voluntarily placed his
i pledges before the people In securing
: their votes as fully responsible to them
'. as he Is morally responsible to his
Maker. And for these and many other
reasons dear to American citizenship
| I here and now enter this protest
i against the enforcing of this political
, traitor into the presence and company
! of honorable men."
DEMONS TRA TIONS CONTINUE
IN STREETS OF PARIS.
In One Encounter the Police Are Roughly
Handled and the Guards Finally
Charge the Mob.
PARIS, Jan. 18.— There were renewed
attempts at a student demonstration in
front of the newspaper offices and the
Military Club, but the police dispelled the
crowd.
There was much agitation in the Latin
| quarter, but the police barred the bridges
and all attempted demonstrations were
suppressed.
The organizing committee of yester
day's meeting at the Tlvoli VauxhaU has
decided to hold another meeting on Sat
urday next and a public demonstration on
Sunday afternoon In the Place de la Con
corde. Meanwhile the effervescence in
creases in the provinces. Shops of Jews
at Nantes have be>»n stoned.
M. Clemenceau's paper, the Aurore, was
publicly burned in front of the Military
Club at Bordeaux. The poiice were
roughly handled and th*> guards finally
charged the mob. Thirty-two arrests
have been made.
Telegrams from most of the large towns
show that the antl-Jewlsh crusade is as
suming most menacing proportions. The
Government is seriously alarmed. An
other attempt, it is said, will be made in
the Chamber of Deputies on Saturday to
overthrow the Cabinet.
LYONS, Jan. 18.— To-day the students
made a riotous demonstration in front of
the synagogue and the Jewish shops,
breaking shop windows and raising men
acing shouts. The police had great diffi
culty in dispersing them. Hand to hand
encounters were frequent and there were
many arrests.
The Sugar Conference.
BERLIN, Jan. 18.— It is believed that
the sugar conference convened by Bel
| glum will meet at Brussels next moata v
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1898.
CHAMBERLAIN
SPEAKS FOR
COMMERCE
England's Attitude to
Maintain Free
Markets.
Threefold Duty in Build
ing Up the Vast British
Empire.
Repeats Salisbury's Warning,
"There Is a Limit to For
bearance."
AS TO SUGAR BOUNTIES.
Believes That the Continental Na
tions Will Soon Realize the Bad
Policy of the System.
Special Dl«p»tch to Th« Can.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 18.— The Liver
pool Chamber of Commerce pave a
banquet to-night to Right Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain. Lord Strathcona and
Mount Royal were also present. Mr.
Chamberlain was greeted with an ova
tion and a special cheer was given for
Mrs. Chamberlain, who was with him.
Mr. Chamberlain In the course of a
vigorous and Important speech re
ferred to the great changes In com
merce during the last twenty years.
He Bald: "Since the great powers wore
bitten with the megalomania with
which the Germans are accustomed to
taunt us, as If It were our exclusive
peculiarity, the German empire has In
creased six fold and the French four
fold, while England has only added a
modest third to her colonial empire."
Answering the argument that It Is
useless to colonize barren wastes he
pointed to the magnificent enterprise
of the Canadian Pacific Railway that
had opened up a vast country of the
greatest wheat fields, and was about
to open what was, perhaps, the gold
fields In the world.
"Looking to the certainty," he said,
"that we are likely to be excluded by
hostile tariffs from any country where
the British flag does not float, our
present policy Is to take a very firm
attitude and to maintain free mar
kets. What the foresight of our ances
tors has done for us In building a
great empire, we must continue to do
for ourselves. This is not the policy
of aggression nor lawlessness. We have
a three fold duty: First, to keep what
rightly belongs to us; second. In Lord
Rosebery's admirable words, 'to peg
out claims for posterity,' and, third.
If any one tries to rush those claims,
gently to prevent them." LLaughter
and cheers.]
Referring to the fact, "our sacrifice
of territory and our general forbear
ance and deference to the sensibilities
of our allies have only resulted in our
being told that we are the best hated
nation in Europe," he repeated Lord
Salisbury's warning, "there is a limit
to this forbearance."
After a repetition of the old Zollver
ein operations, which ha described as
"less absurd than some have supposed."
Mr. Chamberlain said: "We must seek
in our own family the strength and
support we shall never find from for
eign nations, and with this in view we
must be ready to respond to any Colo
nial overtures, without seeking pecu
niary recompense, but looking to the
wider interests of the futurV
Then came the weightiest portion of
the speech. Mr. Chamberlain reviewed
at length the West Indian question and
the report of the Royal Commission
thereon, and emphasized the "great in
jury of the bounty system which, while
ruining the West Indies, brings a gain
estimated at two million pounds yearly
to Great Britain."
The Government, he said, believed the
country "generous and Just enough to
remedy thiß crying injustice." He was
glad that Belgium had anticipated
Great Britain In calling a conference
on the subject and hoped this might
succeed better than former conferences.
There were many objections, he con
tinued, to countervailing duties, which
would "involve us in commercial treaty
differences with foreign nations," but
the main objection was that while the
trade they wished to save amounted to
260,000 tons, Grat Britain's own sugar
Imports amounted to 1,500,000 tons. It
seemed unscientific to benefit the
former by injuring the latter.
"Therefore," he said, "the Govern
ment has decided to exhaust every al
ternative before having recourse to
such drastic measures, and feeling that
the recommendations of the commis
sioners, though good, would not work
quickly enough, the Chancellor of the
Exchequer has consented to propose to
Parliament a very large grant in aid to
the West Indies. The grant will not be
so large as the incidental gain Great
Britain derived from the bounty sys
tem, but it will be large enough to en
able the industry and the population
to tide over a crisis, until Continental
nations recognize the impolicy of the
bounty system."
Mr. Chamberlain expressed his con
viction that the immediate relief meas
ures to be proposed in addition, which
he said he could not as yet explain in
detail, would "stimulate the sugar in
dustry and enable all well-managed es
tates to hold their own, while tending
to the ultimate prosperity of the col
ony."
MISS MARIE McKENNA
PRESENTED AS A DEBUTANTE
Tea Given at the Attorney-General's Resi
dence in Washington at Which His Sec
ond Daughter Entered Society.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— The tea given
by Mrs. McKenna, wife of Attorney-Gen
eral McKtnna, this afternoon to present
Miss Marie McKenna. the second daugh
ter, as a debutante, was largely attended.
Mrs. McKenna, Miss Marie and Miss
Isabel McKenna received the guests
Among those who assisted Jn entertain
ing was Miss Barbour of Canton Ohio
a niece of the President, who is visiting
at the White House. Miss Hlldeganl*
McKenna, who is yet a schoolmiss. and
who has not yet formally entered society
assisted her mother and sisters in enter
taining. The reception lasted from 5 to
7 o'clock. Judge McKenna was present
a part of the time, and received the con
gratulations of his friends over his ele
ration to the Supreme Court bench. The
McKennas are justly proud of their
beautiful and bright daughters, who are
universal favorites in Washington
society.
CHINA'S BIG
CONCESSIONS
TO GERMANY
The Trouble Between
the Two Nations
Settled.
KLiaochau and a Large
Belt of Land Is
Leased.
Punishment of Murderers of
Missionaries and a Heavy
Indemnity.
WILLIAM HAS HIS WAY.
Every Demand Made by the Kaiser
Seems to Have Been Com
plied With.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Official an-
nouncement has at last been made that
the controversy between China and
Germany has been settled. The an-
nouncement was received to-day by
Minister Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese
diplomatic representative in Washing
ton, in a cablegram from the Tsung Li
Yamen, dated yesterday at Peking. A
statement given out by the Minister in
regard to its contents reads:
"A settlement of the difficulty with
Germany has been effected. Kiaochau
Bay is to be leased, a belt surrounding
the bay extending 100 11 (about thirty
miles) to be the boundary. AH the
German troops outside the prescribed
limits are to be withdrawn. Two of the
culprits charged with the murder of
missionaries are to be punished with
death and the rest with imprisonment.
Permission will be granted for the
building of churches in the cities of Tsi
Ng, Tsao Chow Fu and Chu Teh, and
dwelling houses for missionaries in
seven places in the districts of Tsao
Hien and Shan Hien will be erected, for
which purpose the sum of 225,000 taels
will be allc/weu. This amount is to be
taken also as a compensation for the
killing of missionaries. The sanction
of the throne has been obtained to the
above mode of settlement."
Minister Wu declines to discuss the
terms upon which China has settled
her trouble with Germany, but it is
generally believed that he has felt all
i along that the Berlin Government,
i while ostensibly s^.-king redress fur
outrages perpetrated upon her mlssion
! Aries, was really after a port on the
| Pacific. In official circles the indemni
ty which China has been compelled to
, pay Germany is regarded as excessive.
The distribution of missionaries
throughout the province of Shan Tung
shows conclusively, it Is believed, that
Germany proposes to fly her flag over
the entire province in the course of
time. At present she is restricted to "a
belt surrounding Kiaochau Bay. ex
tending about thirty miles." Where
this belt shall be measured from and
what steps have been taken by China
to prevent encroachment by the Berlin
Government are questions that are be
ing asked by officials and attaches of
the Chinese legation. It is said at the
Chinese legation now that if Germany
has formal possession of Kiaochau, she
will be the one to make the necessary
regulations for the government of the
port, and it must be to her that the
United States must make any repre
sentations it may desire looking to the
free access of its commerce to that
port.
LONDON, Jan. 18.— A special dis
patch from Peking Bays: China is
ready to open three new treaty ports
and to agree to an extension of rail
way into Hun Xan province, but de
clines to agree to the exclusion of other
powers than England from the Tang
Tse Kiang valley. The Peking corre
spondent of the Times says: "The Rus
sian charge d'affaires, M. Pavloff, pro
tests strongly against the opening of
Talien Wan, but China is apparently
anxious to obtain British financial as-
Bistance and will give ample security
for the repayment of a loan. She will
also permit the extension of steam
communication on inland waters and
will grant Increased trade facilities at
all open ports."
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
President McKinley Asks Congress to Make
an Appropriation for the Heirs of Luis
Moreno, Who Was Lynched at Yreka.
WASHINGTON," Jan. 1-.— President Mc-
Kinley to-day sent to Congress a mes
sage asking an appropriation of $2000 to
pay the heirs of Luis Moreno, a citizen
of Mexico, who was lynched at Yreka,
Cal., in 1895. The President asks this ap
propriation out of humane consideration
and without reference to the question of
liability of this Government.
The following California bills were in
troduced to-day: By Senator Perkins,
appropriating $2900 to pay P. F. Dundon
of San Francisco, being the penalty Im
posed under the contract for the con
struction of the light in Grays Harbor,
Wash.; to remove the charge of deser
tion from the military record of Thomas
McMullen; to pension James M. Jackson.
By Representative De Vries— To re
movo the charge of desertion from the
military record of Francis M. Lyles.
By Representative Barlow— A bill pre
pared by the National Horticultural and
Nurserymen's Association of the United
States providing for the Inspection of
fruit and fruit tree*; to pension Silas B.
Root.
Pacific Coast patents were Issued to
day as follows: California—Lewis Boles.
San Francisco, pneumatic bicycle brake;
Amos H. Carpenter. Stockton, screw pro
peller; Frank C. Chapman. Los Angeles,
lirune-dipper: Janus M. Dyer, San Fran
cisco, wave power, two patents; Clinton
J. Pace. National Military California,
ore concentrator; Clarence Quinan, Pin
ole, making gun-cotton; Low W. Rhodes,
San Jose, combination bedstead and man
tel; Albert A. Russell. Grass Valley, sink
strainer; Sarah Swain, Los Angeles,
safety accouchement chair; William T
Wilkfns, Grimrs Landing, grain-having
attachment for thrashing machines;
James M. Wishart. Oakland, gold sepa
rator.
Washington— E. I). Kellerman, Monte
sano, attachment for hose nozzles.
Pensions have boen granted as fol
lows: California, original— Charles W. A.
Cartlldge,Mentone,sß; Kdward P. Warner
Ventura. $6; William Park, Truckee, $6*
Reissue and increase— Peter Green, San
Jose. $G to $8. Original widow, etc.— Emily
D. tfavlOßon, "Woodland, ft. *
JOHN DOE
WARRANTS
DENOUNCED
Stanford Professors
on the Arrest of
Dudley.
Styled an Outrage Which
Is Sanctioned by the
Law.
Portions of the California Stat
utes Vigorously Assailed
in Lectures.
SCRAMBLE FOR FAT FEES.
How Constables Take Advantage of
Their Prerogatives at Publio
Expense.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PALO ALTO, Jan. 18.— The arrest
of Professor Dudley at Santa Cruz on
the 6th of this month on a charge of
passing counterfeit money was made
the occasion for lectures to-night on
the laws of California, which make un
just arrests and prolonged detentions
of this description possible. The speak
ers were Dr. Jordan, Professor Abbott,
head of the law department, and Pro
fessor Brun, until recently attached to
the French department, but now an at
torney of San Francisco.
The title of the lecture was "Lettres
de Cachet in California. Better Known
as the John Doe Warrant. "Which Al
lows a Constable to Make Arrests at
Pleasure," or, as Dr. Jordan expressed
it, "a writ used in California which
enables constables to reap fees."
Dr. Jordan first gave the circum
stances of the arrest and detention,
and commented on the disgrace and In
justice of the entire proceedings.
"The noticeable point of it all," said
Dr. Jordan, "is that a man within forty
miles of his home could be legally ar
rested without any suspicious circum
stances and detained not only a few
hours, but days. This thing is going
on continually. A man would as soon
kf !i eld up by a foot Pad as a consta-
The president spoke of the efforts
made by a certain constable to steer
the professor into the hands of a Santa
Cruz lawyer, who would defend him
'These alliances." he said, "are ex
tremely detrimental."
Professor Brun first reviewed the
provisions of the county government
act. especially those sections of the fee
system which dealt with the salary of
Justices and constables and which gave
the latter officers mileage, lie showed
the expenstveneos of the system and
said th»re was no redress for false im
prisonment except by knocking' down
the constable as Phileas Fogg did the
detective. "The courts," he asserted,
stand by the officers of the law "
Professor Abbott first spoke on the
expense of this part of the fee system
and asserted that it would be cheaper
for Santa Clara County, for instance
to pay the transportation of all vag
rants coming within its bounds than
to^ arrest and rearrest them.
"It is not the constables and Jus
tives," he said, "who deserve criticism
but the system."
He thought the only way to remedy
the matter would first be to repeal the
vagrant law and put the Justices of the
Peace on a proper and sufficient sal
nry, for they are very necessary of
ficers. He would leave the constables
as they are. The nature of their du
ties, he believed, was such that they
would not be so efficient on a fixed sal
ary. With this change he thought the
expense would be decreased and many
vagrants saved from becoming crimi
nals through contact with convicts.
Auditor Miller Arraigned.
SALINAS. Jan. IS.— County Auditor
George S. Miller appeared in court this
morning with his attorney, S. F. Geil, In
response to the summons commanding
him to appear and answer to the charge
preferred against him by the Grand Jury
for willful noglect "of office. The com
plaint was read. Then Attorney Geil ad
dressed tho rourt :ind made a motion to
dismiss the case, allp.crinp lnrk nf jurisdic
tion on the part of the Grand Jury. Judge
Porn took the motion under advisement.
NEW TO-DAY.
ly child. It rests with every woman wheth-
er her baby shall be healthy and happy, or
puny and miserable. If during the period
preceding maternity a woman takes proper
care of the organs upon which the perpetu-
ation of the race depends, she insures the
health of herself and child. It is easy to do
this. The proper medicine is at hand.
Over 90,000 women have testified in writ-
ing to the value of it.
The organs that make wifehood and moth-
erhood possible are directly acted upon b>
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. It
makes them strong and healthy. It curea
all weakness and disease. It prepares for
maternity. It docs away with the discom-
forts of the expectant period. It insures
baby's health and makes its advent easy
and almost painless. Druggists sell more
of the " Favorite Prescription " than of all
other similar medicines combined.
" I am anxious to add my testimonial to tout
'Favorite Prescription,' "writes Mrs. C. G. Bran-
don, of Fort Grant, Graham Co., Ariz. "I had
been using the ' Prescription ' for several months
previous to my confinement, and I am sure I
nave been benefited greatly from the time I com-
menced to use it. I fesl lully as well as ever I
did In my life. Up to the very day when the
baby was boru I did all my own housework; and
during confinement I hud not the least symptoms
of fever. The ' ordeal ' was nothing to what
1 expected."
The woman who owns a copy of Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser
probably does not realize at once all that
she gave in exchange for it. There was the
price of $1.50. That paid for the large vol-
ume of 1,008 pages. Then, as day by day
she looked into these pages, one by one she
gave away her anxieties for her family's
health. She learned how to make her chil-
dren well. In the chapters especially treat-
ing of her own weaknesses, she learned the
causes and the cures. 680,000 copies have
been sold at fi.so each. Now an edition
in strong paper covers, will be distributed
free. Send 21 one-cent stamps to World's
Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo,
N. V., to cover the cost of mailing only.
Send 31 stamns for cloth bindioc
NEW TO-DAY. t * *
OURGOLDEN
WEDDING!
THE GOLDEN JUBILEE!
_
+ + ? + + + an Francisco's putting on her
• ••••• holiday togs. AH California rejoices
• ••••• in the Golden Jubilee— so years of un-
©•©©©« exampied progress and prosperity.
1 ••••# No other State in the universe can
• ••••• show such progress within so short a
J%© © @ « period of time. We're proud of our
+ + + + + + native State.
1000000000000000000000000 ooooooooooooooooco
§ If San Francisco puts on her holiday togs we v
g want those togs to come from us, and we have Q
d gone about it in a fashion that will leave no room 8
S for the most captious critic to say that San Fran- Q
8 Cisco's men folks are not the in the land, 5
R We have filled our big corner window, the x
x Golden Jubilee window, with the choicest and x
Q rarest specimens of the tailor's art in both suit- Q
Q ings and overcoatings, the very swellest and B
Q choicest stuff, garments that will compare with 5
O anything in town at $22 and $20. q
5 During Golden Jubilee week, beginning this 5
§ very morning, we say for pick of any of these §
g garments, and it's a royal pick, a golden pick, at g
I $11.85.
800000000000000000000000000000000000000000 8
Golden Chunks!
■ ■
2 2 2 2 2 2 The Overcoats are pretty specimens of high-
• ••••• class tailoring; they're dress-up garments—
• ••••• they're holiday apparel. Nothing that's ever
+ + + + + + been offered to the buying public under $20 will
+++ + + 2 compare with them. There's blues, browns,
• ••••• blacks — a royal assortment and a golden oppor-
• ••••• tunity for you. It's our Golden Jubilee special at
++++ + + m
+ + + + + + f*\ F mm
£15111 \pii.OvJ.
Golden Nu^ets!
2 2 2 2 2 2 The Prince Albert Suits are truly Golden
• • © • • © Nuggets— the real thing, the real dressy
+ + + + + + garment. They're in this offer at
999 • w •
+++ + + + f%^<S 4 ,<-V r
??•??? vplLoO.
• •••••
1000000000000000000000000 00000000000000000 O
Mad we the desire, we might say more, and y
speak in louder terms upon the excellence and 8
merits of these high-class garments, but we rest o
our case here. We call your attention to our §
window, which is filled with these handsome §
specimens of fine tailoring. ., Let that do the rest x
for us.
oooooooooooooooooooooooo>oooooooooooooooooB
3-11 - 13 - 13 KEARIXY : ST.
KIJ\~G-PIKS FOB OVERCOATS. ;
34
APPROPRIATIONS AND THE CUBAN QUESTION
AN EXCITING
CONTEST IN
THE HOUSE
Deniocrats Defeated
in a Parliamen
tary Battle.
Amendments Made to the
Consular Bill in Behalf
of Cuba.
De Armond's Struggle to Bring
Up the Resolution Recog
nizing Belligerency.
IS RULED OUT OF ORDER.
Appeals of Lenders Cause the Repub
licans to Uphold the Adminis
tration's Policy.
6p«ela! Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 18.
Cuba had a hearing In the House to- !
day, and for a time it looked as if par
liamentary precedents would be set !
aside and the Senate resolution rec- j
ognizing the insurgents as belligerents j
would be attached as a rider to th»» dip
lomatic and consular appropriation bill.
De Armond, a Missouri Democrat, pre
cipitated the issue by offering the reso- j
lution as an amendment, but a point !
of order against it was sustained. De
Armond appealed. He urged the Re- j
publicans who had professed friendship !
for the struggling Cubans to override \
the decision o-f the chair as the only
chance of securing action on the propo
sition. Bailey, the leader of the minor
ity, and other Democrats joined in the
appeal. The excitement became in- j
tense, but the appeals of Dingley, the i
floor leader of the majority, as well as j
other Republican leaders to their asso- >
ciates not to join in the programme i
succeeded.
Colson (R.) of Kentucky warned his ;
side that unless he was soon given an ;
opportunity to vote his sentiments on
the <"üb;m question he would co-oper
ate In any revolutionary method to se- j
cure action. The Republican tactics ;
kept to the front the point that the mi- j
nority were seeking to override the
rules of the House, and they got every I
Republican vote, sustaining the chair j
by the vote of 152 to 114. A Democrat, j
Fleming of Georgia, voted with thorn,
on the ground that he could not vio
late his oath by voting against the
rules. During the debate Bailey chal
lenged Hitt to give the House any ns
suranoes that an opportunity would be |
offered to vote on the resolution passed
by th« Senate at the last session, but
he received no reply. Before the diplo
matic bill came up the army bill was
passed.
Hitt. chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, called up the diplo
matic and consular appropriation bill.
Bailey objected to any limitation on the
general debate. The Mil carried $1,729,
008, an Increase of $33,700 over tho law
for the current year.
As soon as the enacting clause had been j
read De Armond (D.) of Missouri offered '
an amendment to recognize the Cuban in
surgents as belligerents. Hitt raised the
point of order that the amendment was
new legislation and obnoxious to the
rules of the House.
De Armond, speaking to the point of
order, said he fully understood the rules
of the House, which were designed to
suppress, when desired, the will of the
House. The chairman of the Foreign Af- ;
fairs Committee might, he said, feel con
strained to raise this pojjit of order, but
he reminded the House that there still
resided in its Judgment the power at any I
time, at any place, on any bill, to place \
what the House believed should be there, j
For months, he declared, those in control i
of the House had declined to allow the I
House to consider what the people of the
country, without regard to party, de
sires, namely, thßt Congress consider and
act upon this question of recognizing
the belligerency of the struggling patriots
In Cuba. When the people of the coun
try felt as they did It was the duty of the
members to override these petty little
rules which had been used to suppress
action.
The newspapers wore filled daily with
harrowing tales of starvation and
' cruelty in Cuba. Should we emulate the
example of Nero, who fiddled while Rome
burned, and supinely and indifferently
stand by when men almost within sight
of our shores were fighting valorously
for principles as holy as patriots ever
espoused or heroes ever defended? He
taunted the Republicans with being sub
servient to those who desired to prevent
action on this question. Futher inaction.
he insisted, was a disgrace to American
■ manhood.
The autonomy offered by Spain, he de
clared, was a revolting mockery, a sham
and a delusion. He warned the other
Bide that the queston could not bo evad
ed or dodged. With this opportunity be
fore them they could not go back to
their constituents and plead the rules as
an excuse for non-action. He was pro
ceeding to denounce the administration
for following the example of its prede
cessor In sending out the United States
navy to hunt down the sympathizers
with struggling Cubans.
Steele (R.) of Indiana and Hitt both
called the attention of the chair to the
fact that De Armond was not discussing
the point of order.
De Armond said he well understood
this, but he would not flinch from his
purpose. He would say no more. But if
the point of order was sustained he de
clared that it was his purpose to appeal
from the decision of the chair and give
the House the opportunity to determine
this question for itself. He felt con
strained to do this, he said, out of a
sense of public duty.
Bailey, the Democratic leader, re-en
forced the views of De Armond, nrgulng
that a proposition to recognize a state
of war in Cuba was certainly germane to
this bill. It had been his purpose, he
said, to have offered the same Cuban
belligerency resolution as an amend
ment. The climax of his speech came
when he offered to withdraw the amend
ment if Hitt. the chairman of the For
eign Affairs Committee, would give as
surances that the Senate resolution would
receive consideration within a reasonable
time. The Democrats applauded this
challenge. He paused to await Hitt' a
answer, but Hitt did not rise.
"The gentleman" (Hitt), added Bailey,
"is as silent as the Republican party on
his question." Again the member*
cheered end the gallery also applauded.
Then Hitt arose, but Instead of reply-
Ing to Bailey's challenge he called th©
attention of the chair to the fact that
Bailey was not discussing the point of
order.
"It is an attempt to have two general
debates," said he. The Democrats jeered
this statement. Hepburn, in the chair,
then sustained the point of order, where
upon De Armond, in order to get the
question before the House in a better
form, offered the Senate Cuban resolution
as an amendment, and when It was over
ruled, made his appeal from the decision
of the chair.
By this time the greatest excitement ex
isted In the House. The galleries had fill- j
Ed to overflowing:, messengers had been I
sent scurrying i<> all quarters of the Capi
tol to summon Republicans who were, ab
sent from the hull. It was evident that
there was foar on the part of the House
managers that the House might be car
ried off its feet on this first occasion of a
test of the sentiment toward Cuba.
The House manajiprs made their fight
for regularity of proceeding. The Speaker,
who was in the lobby, came Into the hall
ami helped to rally his followers. Ding
ley, the floor leader of the majority, took
the floor. He characterized Da Armond's
appeal from the decision of the chair as
a most extraordinary proposition. It was
a proposition to overrule the rules and
establish a new mode of procedure, he
said, and to destroy the orderly transac
tion of business.
"Many a time."' he was saying. "I might
have been tempted for partisan pur
poses "
"Then the gentleman concedes that this
is a partisan question." shouted Terry
(D.) of Arkansas, "that the Democrats
are on one side and the Republicans on
the other?"
l>inKley waved Terry aside and paid no
attention to the interruption, which the
Democrats had applauded. Dlngley ap- j
pealed to his side of the House to sus- i
tain the rules of the House. The Repub- j
licans indicated their support by warm !
manifestations of approval.
De Armond pot the floor again, and in
reply urged members of both sides of the
House to vote # 'to free this House for
one hour from a dominion so absolute
that it is impossible to get consideration
for any matter, no matter how important
or urgent, without the consent of those in i
authority in the Hniisp."
"It peems," be added ironically, "to be
OUT loftiest duty to observe the petty i
shifting rules of the House, no matter :
where they lend or what the exigencies |
of the time demand."
Again at this point Hltt protested that
the debate was not on the question be
fore the House, and again the minority
Jeered.
"I am sticking afl close to my text."
Shouted He Armond. "as the gentleman
from Maine (Dinaiey) did." *
De Armond declared that no code of
rules should violate the plain dictates of
humanity and decency.
Simpson (Pop.) of Kansas interrupted
to state that the Speaker himself had
Violated rule 10 by not appointing the
committees fn>m the House.
ll'Miderson <K.t of lowa, a member of j
the Rules Committee, answered with
spirit and much evidence of feeling. He !
salil the Missouri member (De Armond) !
was npain lecturing the House. He was
interrupted by De Armond. and the .-..!
loquy was fast as to alleged promises '
that the new cede of rules would be pre
, When at one point De Armond .
got a round of applause, and Henderson
exclaimed, "It is your political buncombe
that you are applauding. Th«-re is no
committee in this House so mighty as to ;
ad or retard action unless the House is ,
behind it. And there is no man bo
mighty as to retard action unless a ma
jority of the House is behind him."
The confusion redoubled as the debate
proceeded, many members contending for ;
the floor, while the area in front of the |
Bpeslter's desk was crowded.
Henderson gave a parting shot by de
claring that if a majortly of the House
desired action on the Cuban resolution
It \\"Uld find means for action.
"But if a majority is against action on
that resolution. " ho added, defiantly,
"thi n that action will not be taken, de
spite the tine play of the gentleman from
Missouri."
A brief clash occurred between Bailey
and Dingley over the procedure in the
l>r- sent case.
Lewis (D.) of Washington gave a
breathing spell by making a long speech
on precedents favorable to the Cuban
amendment. The Cuban theme tempor- j
arily disappeared, and Cannon <R.) of Il
linois and others discussed the parlia- I
mentary status.
"If the Cuban amendment is not in
order," asked Bland <.L>. > of Missouri, of j
Cannon, "how can the question bo J
brought before the House so that we
can vote on it?"
"I am not required to answer how you
must proceed." answered Cannon, amid j
derisive laughter from the Democratic j
side.
"Do you yourself believe this amend
ment is" in order?"
•V<s, I do." responded Bland, "because
this is the only way we can get at it. It
I is a law of necessity just now."
Again the debate drifted on to' a prolix
contest between Bailey and Dingley over
parliamentary procedure.
Lacey .(R.) of lowa argued that the
minority could ill afford to counsel the
defiance of the rules of the House. The
rules were for the protection of the ml-
nority.
Fleming (D.> of Georgia declared thnt
while he was in favor of aeknowl.
the Independence O- Cuba, he had sworn
to support the rules of the House, and
he could not bring himself to overthrow
them. These remarks earned for him
several rounds of applause from the Re
publican side.
Immediately a break occurred in the !
Republican ranks when Colson (R.) of
Kentucky denounced the inaction of the
House on the Cuban resolution, and the
applause was transferred tr» the Demo
cratic side. This was shortlived, though.
as Colson concluded his remarks t>y
declaring that he should vote to uphold
the decision of the chair. "But I warn
my Republican friends." he added, "that
we have delayed too long the recognition
of the Insurgents. If we do not we will
be swept out of power, and If we are not
given the opportunity to act I, for one,
will .loin any revolutionary tactics in or
der to cast my vote for Cuba Independ
ently." | Applause. l
After some remarks by Grow CR.) of
Pennsylvania, there were cries of "Vote,"
"Vote/ 1 from the Republican side, but the
debate proceeded for some time.
"When Hitt moved to close debate on the
pending paragraph. Bailey attempted to
make the point of order that the ques
tion was on the appeal and not on the
paragraph, and that Hitt's motion was
not in order, but Hepburn, who was In
the chair, held that Bailey's point of or
der came too lnte. This announcement
was greeted with Democratic Jeers.
"I would appeal from that decision."
said Bailey, "were It not that two ap
peals are riot in order at the same time."
There was no break in party lines on
this motion, which was sustained — 151 to
118. Speaker Reed marched through the
tellers with the majority. The question
then recurred on the appeal from the de
cision of the chair. A soMtary Democrat,
Fleming of Georgia, voted with the Re
publicans to sustain the chair. No Re
publicans voted with the minority. The
chair was sustained— ls2 to 114.
No applause marked the announcement.
The clerk proceeded with the reading, but
at the next paragraph, appropriating $175.
000 for Embassadors to Great Britain.
Oermany and France, Williams (D.) of
Mississippi moved an amendment to ap
propriate $.Vino for an Envoy Extraordi
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the
Republic of Cuba. The Democrats cheer
ed.
Hitt raised the point of order that the
amendment was also a change of exist
ing law.
Williams argued that as there wa* no
law on this subject, this could not be a
change of existing law.
On this amendment also De Armond
urged the Democrats to assert themselves
and overrule the rules. If the Repub
licans did not. be said, they must ac
cept the responsibility. Professedly for
Cuba, now was the time.
"In the presence of your master, ruler
and leader." he shouted. "In whose pres
ence you scarcely dare to think. T ask you
to give freedom and liberty to Cuba." or
meet your outraged constituency. Let Up
nee which course you will follow. (Up
ro.-irious Democratic applause.)
The chair then sustained the point of
order, and. on motion of Hitt. the com
mittee rose. Tho Indian appropriation
bill was presented, and at 5:10 the House
adjourned.
RENEWAL OF BREAD RIOTS
AT ANCONIA. ITALY.
Participants in the Demonstration Congre
gate Outside the Town Gates, but Are
Dispersed by the Cavalry.
ANCONIA. Italy. Jan. 18— The bread
riots wore renewed here to-day. The par
ticipants In the demonstration, having
been expelled from the town, congregated
outside the town gates, but the cavalry
dispersed them. A band of rioters tried
to burn the country house of a grain
dealer. The troops put out the fire and
dispersed the mob.
Fifty persons have been arrested. The
military bakers are distributing bread to
persons without food.
- To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
<Jru«rrl«ts refund the money If it falls to cure
Zso. The genuine baa L. B. Q. on each tablet"
THE SAX FR AX CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1898.
ONE MEASURE
IS PASSED BY
THE SENATE
Urgent Deficiency Ap
propriation Is Dis
posed Of.
Teller's Bond Resolution
Favorably Reported
by Committee.
Failure of an Effort to Fix a
Time to Vote on the
Census Bill.
/
KANSAS PACIFIC SALE.
Foraker. Brings Up the Subject, but
Abandons It Owing to Allen's
Amendment
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, Jan. 18.
To-day's open session o-f the Senate
was brief. Practically, the only busi
ness accomplished aside from the
routine proceedings was the passing of
the urgent deficiency appropriation bill.
The measure, as finally passed by the
Senate, carries $1,913,810. The Teller
resolution providing that bonds of the
United Statr-8 may be paid in standard
silver dollars was favorably reported
by a majority of the finance commit
tee, and notice was given that it will
be called up ct an early date. An ef
fort was made to fix a time for the
final vote on the pending census bill,
but was abandoned until to-morrow.
(lalllnger of the Committee on Public
Health and National Quarantine rep
favorably a bill providing for an investi
gation of the subject of leprosy, and it
whs placed on the calendar.
Vest of Missouri, for the Finance Com
mittee, reported the Teller resolution,
which was adopted by that committee
to-day, and gave notice that he would
call it up at an early date.
Platt of Connecticut and Morrill of Ver
mont desired it to be understood that the
report of the committee was not unan
imous.
Daniel of Virginia secured the adoption
of a resolution directing the Secretary of
State to supply the Senate with any in
formation the. Department of State has
respecting the killing of Frank Eppp. a
sailor of the United States ship Olympia,
by Japanese subjects in tho harbor of
Nagasaki, Japan, In December, 1K97, and
to inform the Senate if any steps have
been taken looking to exacting repara
tion.
The resolution presented to the Senate
yesterday calling upon the Secretary of
the Treasury for the reason why the item
of $11,000,000 Interest due the United States
fron the Pacific railroads had been
dropped from his statement, which went
over under objection, was agreed to.
Allen of Nebraska called up liis resolu
tion providing for an Investigation by tho
Pension Committee as to the authority
of the Commissioner of Pensions to pro
mulgate an order that no consideration r>e
given to applications for Increase of pen
sions within twelve months after the
last application had been made.
Gallinger, chairman of the Pension
Committee, announced that he believed
the resolution to be entirely proper, and
It was agreed to.
In accordance with nntire previously
given. Hale of Maine called up the virgent
deficiency bill. The measure, as It passed
tho House, carried 51.741.543: as it was
reported to the Senate it carried $1,891,923,
an increase of 5150.050.
The bill carrying $l,913.«10 was passed
after a few amendments were made.
Foraker of the Pacific Railroads Com
mittee asked for consideration of the bill
reported yesterday, conferring upon the
President authority to bid in the Kansas
Pacific branch of the Union Pacific road
at the forthcoming sale.
Thurston of Nebraska announced that
he would earnestly press an amendment
to the measure conferring authority upon
the President to sell the road, in case it
should be purchased by the Government,
and would oppose any authority to pur
chase unless his amendment was agreed
to.
It being evident that the bill would pro
voke considerable discussion, Foraker
withdrew his request lor Immediate con
sideration.
Davis moved that the Senate go Into
executive session.
Carter, chairman of the Census Com
mittee, said he desired to call attention
to the notice he had given yesterday that
be would call up for consideration the
pending census bill. The committee, he
Hald, regarded this bill as of great Im
portance and felt that it should be passed
promptly.
"From published statements made by
members of the Foreign Relations Com
mittee." said Carter, "it appears that tho
Senate maybe engaged for perhaps thirty
j days In the consideration of the Hawaiian
: annexation treaty. The census bill ought
: not to be delayed so long as that. Tho
necessity for effecting the prellminarv
arrangements for taking the census is
| evident to all Senators. The Census Com
: mlttee cannot look with equanimity upon
i a possible delay of thirty days. My opin
ion is thnt we shall make progress with
I the treaty by promptly disposing of the
, census bill, the consideration of which
will require only a few hours."
Davis, however, insisted upon his mo
tion.
Carter then wanted a time fixed for
' voting on the census bill, but at the re
quest of Senator Faulkner, who spoke for
i the Democrats, agreed to postpone his
request until to-morrow.
The Senate then, at 1:10 p. m., went
Into executive session.
At 4:45 p. m. the Senate adjourned.
BOASTED THAT HE HELPED
TO LYNCH MURDERER ÜBER.
Admission Said to Have Been Made by a
Prominent Carson Valley
Rancher,
CARSON, Jan. 18.— The Douglas Grand
Jury was again In session to-day. Not
withstanding the fact that Miss Hllder
brandt denied all knowledge of the mak
ing of masks worn by the lynchers of
Über, Fhe will be detained and again ex
amined.
Chris Jepperson testified that he had a
conversation with the Hllderbrandt boys,
and they admitted having taken part in
the lynching. Mrs. Whlttaker testified
that Dr. Franklin offered to wager her
that Über would be hanged in three days
and he was.
A sensation is promised to-morrow
when William Seaman, Dr. Young and
William Williams mount the stand. They
will testify that Chris Danberg. when in
toxicated, admitted that. he was present
at the hanging, hurled abuse at the Gov
ernor for offering a reward, and threat
ened to kill Judge Mack. Dangberg is a
prominent rancher and quite wealthy.
■-■Vu-r: • .
Steamer King Cyrus Beached.
SYDNEY. N. S. W.. jRn. IS.-The
steamer King Cyrus, Captain Christian
sen, from Newcastle for Ban Francisco
arrived here leaking badly below th«
water line, and was beached.
JOE CHOYSKI
AND TUT RYAN
The Heavy-Weights Will
Fight Before the Em
pire Club.
Solly Smith and George Dixon
Are Also Matched to
Do Battle.
Th© "Spider" Kelly and Spanjer
Contest May Be Declared
Off.
Tho Empire Athletic Club, managed
by Messrs. Lanigan, Lynch and El
linghouse, has secured a permit from
the Roard of Supervisors to hold a fistic
entertainment in February.
Lynch had an idea for some time that
the Kmpire Club, which was formerly
the Knickerbocker Club, would be
looked upon favorably by the City
Fathers when it applied for permission
to give a pugilistic contest.
He guessed right, for at the last
meeting of the Health and Police Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors the
City Fathers, who had so strongly op
posed professional boxing contests a
w r-.-k or so as", grow suddenly good
of heart and discovered just when the
Empires applied for a permit that a
scrap Viet ween two hard punchers
trma not bo very horrid after all and
they granted the request.
A match was immediately consum
mated between "Tut" Ryan, the Au
stralian, and Joe Choynskl. to take
place on the evening of February 5
at Mechanics 1 Pavilion. Tom Lansing
and Henry Raker, heavy-weights, were
also matched to fl^ht ten rounds on the
same evening*. This will be a prelimi
nary to the big event. Choynskl has
been notified and will leave the
East for this city right away.
Although the Empires were refused a
second permit for a second contest In
February, they nevertheless are san
guine of getting it when the proper
time comes. At any rate, the director
general of the ciub notified Solly Smith
that everything would be O. X., and
that he could prepare for a twenty
round "go" with Sammy Kelly of New
York or George Dixon, the colored
wonder, to take place in the latter part
of February or early in the month of
March. Smith left the city yesterday
with his trainer. Tim MoOrath, for
Hagerty's training quarters near the
Cliff House, where he will remain until
further orders.
The National and Occidpntal Athletic
Clubs will apply for permits to give ex
hibitions in February or March, and
should the Supervisors refuse them
recognition, it la expected that there
will be a hot time in boxing circles, as
the managers contend that "the powers
that be" should not discriminate be
tween clubs, as they are all out— Just
for the love of the sport.
It was stated last evening by a
sport who is pretty close to one or two
of the City Fathers who are blessed
with powerful arms that the National
Club need not expect to pull off its
lonp pending match between Tom
Sharkey and Jim Jeffries. When asked
fur an explanation the sport said that
the Bailor pugilist was on the black
books of Danny Lynch simply because
Thomas gave Lynch "the cold shake."
and a? a consequence the turfman
won't stand for Sharkey. Lynch has a
bit of a pull with "Colonel" Lanigan,
and when the last named gentleman
nays "no" the negative goes every
time with those who are in a position
to rule the destinies of pugilism in
Fris.
Therefore the bold sailor boy may
have to look to some other city where
less opposition will be shown by the
powers to his prowess as a knocker
out of pugilists.
But Jeffrie* will be taken rare of.
If the National or Occidental club Is fo
fortunate as to secure a permit from
the Supervisors Jeffries may be pitted
against Peter Jackson, the colored
heavy weight champion, who is at
present In training at Croll's garden
in Alameda. Jackson Is getting along
splendidly, and he has numerous
friends In this city who will back him
FtrnnKly against any man In the world,
not barring Bob Fitzsimmons, the
champion of champions.
Frank Burns of the Empire Club of
Vallejo has announced that the Casey
and Ptelzner fight will take place in
Vallejo on the evening of February 1.
Casey will back himself to the tune of
$500, and Stelzner is now looking up a
backer. Burns also states that In case
anything should happen that may
cause a postponement of the contest,
coupons will be Issued to each person
who purchases a ticket and by pre
senting them to him, the admission
money will be returned.
"Spider" Kelly was seen last even
ing relative to his proposed match in
Sacramento with Spanjer. He said that
he had written to the secretary of the
Sacramento Club that unless the club
guaranteed him a purse he would not
meet Spanjer.
"I rlo not go much on this percent
age business." said Kelly. "You know
that if the house should happen to be
smaTl there would not be anything
coming to me and if the club is so pos
itive that good money will be taken
in, why don't they offer a purse? They
can stand a loss better than I can:
don't you think I'm right?"
A dispatch from the secretary of the
club which was received here last even-
Ing stated that the Secramento club
members are disgusted with "the Spi
der's" ways of doing business, and that
they Mrongly believe Kelly is afraid to
meet Spanjer, and now seeks a loop
hole to crawl out of the match. It will
match McConnell to fight Spanjer In
case ii favorable reply is not received
from Kelly to-day.
Dal Hawkins, who is Kelly's partner
NEW TO-DAY.
WE ]UA\/rn FROM THE
HAVE lVlVjVlllJ 900 BLOCK
to 809 Market Street, Flood Building, cor-
ner Fourth and Market.
n't make a mistake, should other dentists advertise from our old location, ana go
there, as there Is but one ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC In this city. No students or inex-
p erienced men to do your work. • We guarantee all work and the most courteous treatment,
with prices less than one-half given you by any first-class dentists In the city.
PRICKS:
FULL SET OF -TEETH for $4 50 up SILVER FILLING 25c up
GOLD CROWN'S, -22k.:;; i 60 up GOLD FILLING 75c up
BRIDGE WORK, per Tooth S5O up CLEANING TEETH 500 up
A 'v»v»Y By leaving your order for Teeth in the morn- - ,
v A \ \ JIC • l n * >'° v can f et them th<» same day. . -. ' ji »v-»
it V\*jf f - No ehnrge for Extracting Teeth when plates , • \f\ "I y 1
*-OvsS»Ußv^\. Work done as well at night as by daylight by OvA air *W. ■' ■
■^fjßSßpifOcl--*^ the modern electrical devices used here. La W*^
— —^3r -j^^l.' attendant. A physician always In attendance. •^^a^*^^*£^
■^>^7<ft+\*Nr"* < > s Don't forgtt the number— 3oB Market St., cor. roartk. S^v£piJ&**~~
/*/V i i\ \ ' Office hours — 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Sundays — ' ' •> > 5/V^i\
■ ft*- — ItoU m. DR. x. K. STKONG. .
in business, said that as he was match
ed to flpht Erne next month he thought
the best thing that "the Spider" could
do was to declare his match with Span-
Jer off.
"You know either one of ub must be
here to attend to business," said Haw
kins, "and I prefer that my partner
leave the ring to take care of itself for
a -while until I shall have finished with
my next opponent."
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
D. Clark, a large mining man of Spo
kane, is at the Palace.
Bigmond Slchel. one of the most widely
known merchants in the State of Oregon,
is registered at the Palace from Portland.
F. H. McConnell. a returned Klondiker
from Dawson, is at the Occidental.
Dr. E. L. Townsend. a leading physi
cian of LO6 Angeles, is a guest at the
Grand.
B. M. Blrdsall, a mining man of Rands
burg, is at the Baldwin.
John Sparks, a mining man and banker
of Nevada, is staying at the Palace.
O. C. Sehulze. a well known merchant
of Dixon, Is staying at the Baldwin for a
few days.
George E. Goodman, the Napa banker,
is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Watt have come
over from Oakland and are staying at
the Occidental.
James Minturn. who manages the Shar
on ranches at Minturn, Is in the city on
a short visit. He is staying at the Palace.
H. E. Parkhurst. a prominent insurance
man of Portland, Or., is registered at tho
Palace.
Owing to the
scarcity of the
proper kind of
lumber, Tesult
ant on the num
ber of orders
that have recent-
--i ....... in
♦ SCARCITY }
J OF LUMBER t
♦ MAKES DELAY. !
by the various firms on the coast from
illfTfront companies preparing for busi
ness on the Yukon River, the Valley road
will not l.f al.le to get into Rekersfleld
by the first of February, as the direc
tors expected, but will probably be de
layed until somewhere around the early
part of March. The lumber required has
all been contracted for. but on account of
the above mentioned scarcity it hns
to be shipped from points far up the
coast, and as many vessels that wore
formerly employed in that business haw
been taken off and put on the Alaskan
run, a great delay necessarily ensues in
the delivery of the orders. The work of
clearing away the approaches to th.>
Point Richmond tunnel is progressing
rapidly, and the plans of the tunnel IteeU
are in the hands of the contractors, who
are invited to bid on the work, the bids
to be handed in before the last of this
month.
Herman W. Pratt, the Mayor of Chel
sea, Mass.. a cousin of Colonel F. S.
Chad bourne, wan taking in the water
front yesterday. Mr. Pratt was much
pleased at the clean condition of the
front, which he pays. compares more than
favorably with the water fronts of New
York and other Eastern cities. He was
specially taken with the trees which have
been lately planted along East street by
the commissioners.
Leon R. Rosenblatt and Miss Fannie
Rosenblatt of Portland, Or., are staying
At the Palace. Mr. Rosenblatt is one of
the prominent insurance men of Oregon
and Is here with his sister on pleasure
bent.
Rev. Martin P. Rcanlon, for some years
past the pastor of Sacred Heart parish.
North Temescal, has been promoted to
the pastorate of the parish of Dlxon.
General Agent T. M. Schumacher of the
frelKht department and General Agent
I>. W. Hitchcock of the I'r.lon Pacific In
this city, while retaining those positions,
have been appointed to similar places in
the Oregon Short Line.
W. F. Muir, a railroad man of Port
land, is at the Pnlace with his wife.
George F. Buck, a leading lawyer of
Stockton. Is at the I.ick.
J. W. Dorsey,
an old-time Irw
yer of the Ne
vada bar, waa
speaking in the
office of the Cal
ifornia the other
A WISE AND
PROVIDENT
JUDGE.
~~^^^^~ evening of the
rough and ready manner in which Jus
tire was administered In that State when
Its wealth was plenty and its name
mighty throughout the world. "I • re
member an incident which occurred in
court one morning when John J. Mahew
was Justice of the Peace," Bald Mr. Dor
coy. "A fellow who had been arrested
for drunkenness was brought up before
the Judge, and. notwithstanding the fact
that he pleaded the arrival of a Ron and
heir the morning before as an excuse for
his condition on the previous day, he was
found guilty and sentenced to pay a fine
of $60. The unfortunate prisoner thought
ho was being too severely dealt with, and
proceeded to tell the Judge what he
thought of him, using for that purpose
a string of expletives that, even in that
locality, was remarkable for its length
and variety. Mahew listened for a few
moments, and then, turning to Bill Ball,
the bailiff of the court, said, 'Bill, are
you going to stand by and hear your su
perior abused like this?' Bill in reply
hit the prisoner with a pair of handcuffs
he was carrying and stretched him un
conscious on the floor. 'Now, Bill,' «aid
the Judge, 'See if you can collect the
fine.' The bailiff accordingly went
through the prisoner and succeeded in
bringing to light $100. which he laid on
the desk of the court. 'Prisoner,' said
that august personage, 'I have already
fined you $60 for being drunk; I will now
impose an additional fine of $40 on you
for the bad grace with which . you re
ceived so wise and merciful a sentence.
Get out of here as fast as you can.' "
J. C. Mahlan, one of the best known
grocer* In New York, is at the Grand on
a Bhort visit to this city.
R. E. Whittacker, a prominent dub
man of New York, is a guest at the Cali
fornia, He is accompanied by his son.
Sheriff \V. J. Conroy, the capturer of
the Auburn counterfeiter, registered at
the Grand last night.
John C. Wharton. director general of
the Transmississlppl and International
Exposition, with Vice-President Colonel
H. B. Mason and Exposition Managers
George W. Parsons, vice-president for
California, and A. o. McCaosland, com
missioner for this city. h;ive conferred
together and nre endeavoring to have the
various Industrial of the State fully rep
resented at the exposition. They have
already succeeded In obtaining from the
San Francisco Board of Trade resolutions
commendng their 'undertaking and will
shortly go to the southern portion of the
State to endeavor to work up interest in
the matter there.
Mrs. Maddox has come up from San
Jose and is at the Occidental.
William Forsyth. the Fresno capitalist,
is at the Occidental.
A. H. Beehue, a widely known lumber
man of Eureka, is staying at the Grand.
J. F. Rooney. the District Attorney of
Sonora, is a gtirst at the Occidental.
F. W. Dohrmaa will leave shortly on an
extended European trip.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.—^rs. E. H.
Perry and the Misses Perry of San Uiego
are at the Raleigh; Mrs. John A. McGee
and Miss McGee of San r rancisco are at
the Arlington.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
XEW YORK. Jan. 18.— J. C. Stubos of
San Francisco is at the Windsor Hotel.
MARIE DRESSIER
A MAGNETIC HIT
She and a Good Company Lend
Fun to "Courted Into
Court."
The f'iece Is of the Usual McNally
Order, but Cleverly
Played.
The fun of "Courted Into Court." like
that of any other McNally farce-comedy,
depends entirely on everybody who is
mixed up In the piece save the author.
To me McNally is the severest possible
test to which faYce-cnmedy players can
subject their skill. It may be for this j
reason that the best of these people
choose to be funny through the medium
of McNally. Certainly success in such
circumstances is precious and unchal
lengeable. Perhaps the sweetest bou
quet we San Franciscans can offer Miss
Marie Dressier, who comes a stranger, is
to acknowledge her triumph in a piece
that could have been made to succeed by
but one other woman under the sun, and
that is May Irwin. In "Courted Into
Court" there is, of course, no plot; and
the absence of this Is not compensated
for by any unusual array of specialties,
nor any noticeable number of good gags,
nor any situations that are, by them
selves, especially comical.
The whole piece, with the exception of
such parts of it as are devoted to song,
depends for life on the sheer personalities
of the players. Miss Dressier is blessed
with a bounding temperament, a heroic
physique, a seasoned sense of humor,
and an air of good-fellowship: she is in
formal without being familiar, and she
sings with jovial vigor an i keen de
scription. . The burden of the entertain
ing falls on her, and she carries it with
happy distinction.
The company is a capital one and In
cludes John G. Sparks, who Is Rtill the
funniest Irishman on the stag*?; fames
Krugor. who does a clever and Inoffen
sive drunken character, and John C
Rico, who is occasionally admirable in
spite of his epicene antics. 8.
League Rally.
A rally of old St. Mary's College branch
of the League of the Cros>s, under the di
rection of Company O, will take place on
next Thursday evening: in the Armory
Hall, old St. Mary's College, Mission
road. Colonel William P. Suilivan Jr.
■will preside, and the following interest
ing programme will be rendered: Ad
dress, Colonel William P. Sullivan Jr.;
piano solo. Miss Helen Forde; recitation.
Miss Pauline Dcs Roches; barytone solo,
Charles E. A. Creighton; fancy dances,
M!fs Emma Morgan: remarks, "Temper
ance," Rev. P. D. Brady; contralto solo.
Miss Annie Sullivan; recitation, Mrs.
Margaret Killen. Following, the "Thes
pian Dramatic Club." under the direction
of Miss Josii' Cereghino. will produce the
two-act comedy, "Doing My Uncle."
Cast: Timothy Crusty. Ludivick Cereg
hino; Charles Hopeful, Sergeant Bernard
Chambers; John Symmonds, Captain H.
O'lSTeil; Jessie Hopeful, Mins Kathryne
Welch: Susan Tuckett. Miss Mollie Ske
han; Crlmy, Miss Margaret Connolly.
PREMATURE DECAY.
"When the nerves of life and the general
system show signs of decay you will always
find a deep cause for it. and if you wish to
cure the evil you must get to the cause and
remove it. Premature weakness comes with
clammy hands, drains, loss of memory and no
desire to apply one's self. Sleep is poor, evil
dreams, languid feelings: dull heavy eyes.
twltchlngs and ringing in the ear*.. "Nearly
every one has ringing in the ears who is be-
ginning to show signs of premature weakness.
It is Just for this reason that the HUDYAN
Remedy treatment CURES PREMATURE
WEAKNESS IN 20 DAYS.
HUDYAN cures falling manhood, neuras-
thenia, melancholia and diseases ami dlsa-
tebtlmonials Write for CIRCULARS AND
Hudson Medical Institute,
BLOOD POISON— First, secondary and ter-
tiary forms of Blood Poison are shown in cop-
per-colored spots, falling hair. etc. You can
save Hot Springs expenses if you tree SO-day
Cure. SO-DAY CURE CIRCULARS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Elite Sts., "
No one has HCDYAN but Hudson doctors.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
OOQ MARKET 3T.. OPP. PALACE
\JOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Resld«no« 90)
VHeocla »treeU Telephone, "C&urcb" U. *
NEW TO-DAY.
tTcurTnervous dyspepsia.
To Gain Flesh, to Sleep Well, to Know
What Appetite and Good Digestion
Mean, Make a Test of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Interesting Experience of an Indianapolis
Gentleman.
No trouble is more common or more
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.
People having it think that their nerves
are to blame and are surprised that
they are not cured by nerve medicine
and spring remedies; the real seat of
the mischief is lost sight of; the stom-
ach is the organ to be looked after.
Nervous dyspeptics often do not have
any pain whatever in the stomach, nor
perhaps any of the usual symptoms of
stomach weakness. Nervous dyspep-
sia shows itself not in the stomach so
much as in nearly every other organ;
in some cases the heart palpitates and
is irregular; in others the kidneys are
affected; in others the bowels are con-
stipated, with headaches; still others
are troubled with loss of flesh and ap-
petite, with accumulation of gas, sour
ridings and heartburn.
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. 61 Prospect
street, Indianapolis, Ind., writes as fol-
lows: "A motive of pure gratitude
prompts me to write these few lines
regarding the new and valuable medU
cine, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I
have been a sufferer from nervous dys-
pepsia for the last four years; have
used various patent medicines and oth-
er remedies without any favorable re-
sult. They sometimes gave temporary
relief until the effects of the medicine
wore c.-ff. I attributed this to my sed-
entary habits, being a bookkeeper with
little physical exercise, but I am glad
to state that the tablets have over-
come all these obstacles, for I hay»
gained In flesh, sleep better and am
better in every way. The above is writ-
ten not for notoriety, but is based on
actual fact. Respectfully yours,
"A. W. SHARPER,
"61 Prospect street, Indianapolis, Ind."
It is safe to say that Stuart's Dys-
pep»U Tablets will cure any stomach
i weakness or disease except cancer of
! stomach. They cure sour stomach, gas,
j loss of flesh and appetite, sleeplessness,
I palpitation. heartburn, constipation
j and headache.
Send for valuable little book on atom-
! ach diseases by addressing Stuart Co.,
| Marshall. Mich.
All druggists sell full-sized packages
! at 50 cents.
GOOD TIMES HAVE COME.
You can afford to indulge yourself or yoar
family in the luxury of a good weekly news-
paper and a quarterly magazine of fiction. .
You. can get both of these publications with
almost a library of good novels for $5 per year.
IJaov yorh m THIRSIHV
world-famed for its brightness and the most
complete General Weekly — covering a wider
range of subjects suited to the tastes of men
■and women of culture and refinement than any
, journal— ever published. Subscription price,
$4 per annum. • .
TALES FROM TOWN TOPICS, a » s 6-page
Quarterly Magazine of fiction, appearing tho
; first day of March, Jane, September and De-
; cember, and publishing original novels by the
■ best writers of the day and a mass of short
■ stories,' poems, burlesques, witticisms, etc
; Subscription price, $2 per annum.
Club price for both, $5 per annum.
i ou can have both of these if you subscribe
NOW and a bonus of 10 novels selected from
■ the list below. Regular . price for each, 50
< cents. All sent postpaid.
Remit $5 in New York exchange, express or
postal money order, or by registered letter,
together with a list of the 10 novels selected,
by numbers, to
TOWS TOPICS.
SOS Fifth Avenue, Aew York.
T iTWfT-
; 6-THE SALE OF A SOUL. By C. M. S. McLelTan.
i 7— THE COUSIN OH THE KING. By A. S. VanWestrum.
B— SIX MONTHS IN HADES. By Clarice I. Clin £ ham.
9-THE SKIRTS OF CHANCE. By Captain Alfred
Thompson.
io-ANTHONY KENT. By Charles StoVes Wayne.
11-AN ECLIPSE OF VIRTUE. By Champion BUsell.
i»-AN UNSPEAKABLE SIREN. By John Gilliat.
Ij-THAT DREADFUL WOMAN. By Harold R. Vynns.
J4— A DEAL IN DENVER. By Gilmer McKendree.
15— WHY SAYS GLADYS. By David Christie Murray.
16-A VERY REMARKABLE GIRL. By L. H. Bickford.
it— A MARRIAGE FOR HATE. By Harold R. Vynne.
OUT OF THE SULPHUR. By T. C. De Leon.
19— THE WRONG MAN. By Champion Bissell.
so-THE HUNT FOR HAPPINESS. By Anita Vivinti
Chartre*.
•t-fIER STRANGE EXPERIMENT. By Harold R. Vynno.
■»-ON THE ALTAR OF PASSION. By John Gilliat.
«-«. MARTYR TO LOVE. By Jo»nni. E. Wood.
IT IS WELL TO KNOW
bSrROW^NEY 0
FROM US ©I\2 per ct.
CALIFORNIA TITLE
INSURANCE AND TRUST CO.,
X£ll_il_iS BTJIUjIDINa-,
CHAS. PAGE, President.
HOWARD E. WRIGHT,
Secretary and Manager.
The Weekly Call.
.— i *
0/ It Publish^ the Cream of tho
gj News or the VVeek and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
rJ PAPER ON TUB
~J PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best \ / Mining
°\ Telegraphic \s News That
©< Service on /\ Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to date
) s v
°\ \ __
c*<
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
c^ or Flaky, and Not a Line of
lex. it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright. Clean. A Champ of
I _1 Thoughtful. Truth.
cJ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
o) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
D HOME MAIL, $1.50
5< NDUSTRIES I 4YL»t
F-. .y - for Gonorrhoea,
iW , • ll W-'"? 1 ' a P«rmatorrhi*a,
«,»,"/•» Whiten, v 11 natural din'
fS« b»^«X * V^rsct, or any icflamma-
g»*a r HEcYANS CHEMirn.no. cranes. Non-a»triu(ient.
WtAciWCIWW*TI.OB^{ Sold by «rn«;;U«*
V^C.S, 1. \2hH °r Bent In plain wrapper,
nflfitHfri ' illTnTl 1 ftTl< " > "| prepaid, tot
B ■ Circular «n» on reauett,A WILD RUSH
FOR THE YUKON
Sailing of the First Steamer
lor Dyea and Way
Ports.
The Rush Has Now Fairly Be
gun and Will Keep On
Increasing.
All Classes of Men Have the Gold
Fever and Are Destined for
the Klondike.
The rush to the gold fields has fairly
begun. From one end of the water
front to the other nothing can be heard
but "Klondike." From the shipowner
to the wharf rat it Is the word to swear
by, and the ship builders and engine
builders are wrapped up In the sub
ject. In the shipyards the hammers
seem to ring out the word and In the
foundries the furnaces proclaim it to
the winds. The fever is in men's blood,
and whether they go forth to face the
perils of the road or whether they re
main behind content with smaller prof-
Its and fewer risks they all alike dream
of the riches to be found on the Klon
dike.
The steamer Excelsior of the Pacific
Steam "Whaling Company's line got
away yesterday afternoon with a full
passenger list. She was only allowed
71 passengers from this port, and of
that number 70 went away on her. H.
FOR THE KLONDIKE TRADE.
Out of eleven river steamers now being completed in the various ship-
, yards here for trade on the Yukon the above two will be very much alike
when at work. The one under steam is built of steel throughout and will
go to St. Mlohael In sections. The other one is built of wood and will have
a schooner rig and a false keel In order to sail to St. Michael where her
machinery will be put In . All the others will be typical river boats of the
type of the T. a Walker and J. D. Peters on the Stockton route.
Marco wag the odd one, and It was not
his fault that he did not get away on
the steamer. At the last moment he
was taken from the vessel by a Sher
iff's deputy on a charge of attempting
to leave the State without paying his
debts. Marco Is one of a party of seven
Russians who are bound for the
Klondike in search of a fortune. When
he was taken off the Excelsior his com
rades rallied to his assistance, and for
a time it looked as though there would
be a free fight. Marco, however, said
he was willing to face the music, say
ing his arrest was due to spite work,
and that he could easily clear himself.
He promised his companions to leave
on to-day's train and be waiting for
them in Seattle when the Excelsior
gets there. When the s' earner pulled
out into the stream he waved farewell
to his friends and went uptown with
the Sheriff.
There Is space reserved on the Ex
celsior for about 80 other passengers,
who will join the vessel at Seattle
also. Of the total number 27 are going
to Dawson City via the Copper River
country, and the others will make for
the same place via Dyea and Skaguay.
A party from Sacramento headed by
H. Henshaw took ten dogs along with
them, and they expect the animals to
be of great assistance to them in pack-
Ing their outfits over the Cnilcoot
Pass. Miss Ida Brown has changed
her mind about facing the pass this
winter, but Miss dates will press on
and expects to join her brother in
Dawson City next month. There was
almost as big a crowd down to see the
NEW TO-DAY.
A LETTER TO WOMEN.
\ few words from Mrs. Smith, of
Philadelphia, will certainly corroborate
the cla.m that Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound is woman's ever
reliable friend.
" I cannot praise Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound too highly.
comfort-
able; but as soon as I would put my
feet on the floor, the pains would
come back.
' Every one thought it was impossi-
ble for me to get well. I was paying 81
per day for doctor's visits and 75 cents
a day for medicine. I made up my mind
to try Mrs. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. It has effected a complete cure
for me, and I have all the faith in the
world in it. What a blessing to wo-
man it is!" — Mrs. Jennie L. Smith, No.
224 KiiufCman St., Philadelphia, Pa.
steamer off as there was last year,
when she started on her memorable
voyage to St. Michael.
At the Rlsdon Iron Works they are
working night and day to fill Klondike
orders. Two steel Bteamers for use on
the Yukon are almost ready, and will
be shipped north In sections next
month. They will be fifty feet long,
ten feet broad and will draw fifteen
Inches of water loaded. They will
make an average speed of ten knots,
and will be used simply as passenger
boats. They are built on exactly the
same lines as were the steamers used
in the British military expedition up
the river Nile. They will accommo
date forty passengers and their bag
gage, and are guaranteed to maintain
their speed in spite of the current of
the Yukon. The iron works will send
men to- St. Michael to put the vessels
together when the various sections
reach there.
A party of nine, headed by H. C.
Tabrett. marine superintendent of the
Risdon Iron Works, and Robert Mc-
Elroy. agent of the Phelan building, are
interested in a novel scheme. The San
Francisco Launch Company is building
a boat 90 feet long, 20 feet broad and to
draw 3 feet of water loaded, and with
her they expect to make millions. She
is equipped with powerful engines and
a dredging plant, and it is the intention
o-f the experts to dredge all the creeks
in the vicinity of Dawson.
It was the intentions of Mr. Tabrett
to superintend operations on the Yu
kon himself, but he has changed his
mind, and a mining engineer will go
Instead. Tabrett had his outfit pur
chased, and was ready to start at a
moment's notice when the snow came.
He determined to have a foretaste of
what he would have to encounter In
1 Alaska, nnd getting his outfit together
crossed the bay and spent a night in
the Berkeley hills. It took him all of
next day to thaw out, and now there
is a Klondike outfit for sale, and Mr.
Tabrett is going to stay at home. It
was rumored yesterday that Chief En
gineer Little of the A lamed a was about
' to purchase the outfit . and take It to
[ Australia a^ a sample of what a man
, who does not want to go to the Klon
dike requires.
The Talrett-McElroy party will be
outfitted for a two years' stay in the
: frozen north. The crew will work on
\ shares and the vessel will be their home
' until San Francisco is reached again.
| The vessel will be sailed from here to
St. Michael and at that point her ma-
I chinery will be put in and the ascent
' of the Yukon begun.
The steel steamers being built at the
Risdon and the wooden vessel being put
together at the Launch Company's
yards are very much alike. Both are
almost fiat-bottomed, but tho wooden
vessel will have a false keel put on and
will ho schooner-rigged in order to
reach St. Michael. On arriving at that
point the masts and false ke«] will be
■discarded and when tho engines and
smokestack are in position she will look
very much like her Steel sister.
At the Fulton Iron Works four majr
nificent river steamers are being huilt
I for the Alaska-Yukon Transportation
Company. Whitelaw is .building four
river steamers on Spear street for th«>
; North American Transportation Cnm
i pany, the Tnion Tron Works are com
pleting a steamer, th^ Senator, for the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company and
the St. Paul for the Alaska Commercial
Company, while the Fulton will be
called upon in a week or so to put the
engines In the Dirigo, the fine new ves
sel now being 1 completed for Kimball
& Co. These latter vessels are for the
St. Michael trade and all of them will
be ready for business next March.
All the river boats will be sent In sec
• tions to either St. Michael or Dutch
Harbor. The North American Trans
portation Company's fleet will go on a
sailing vessel rind the chances are that
the latter will be towed to Dutch Har
bor, where the steamers are to be put
together. They will then proceed to St.
Michael under th^ir own steam. Many
of Hi*- river steamers are to be fitted
j with tho Baboock & WUco* water
tube boilers, one of which is now on
Fi'lsom-strept wharf awaiting thf ar
rival of the Diri^ro. It came from the
Kast and is the first of its kind to be
| put into a steamer on this coast. The |
Rtedon is building ■ number of them I
■ on the TTr-ine plnn and wh^n completed \
1 they will bo shipped to St. Michael, j
The new boilers are much lighter thnn j
the old. they can stand a pres«<ur" ..f
200 pounds to the square inch and steam j
cm be trot on th^m in a very short ;
spiic of time.
The steamer Columbia, which sailed
for Portland yest< rd;ty. took away over j
I fifty miners for the Klondike. They '
\ will be transferred to th» steamer Ore
• tron Rt Astoria and will go dir^ot to
Dyea, and will then cross Chiikoot Pnp=
!to the valley of th^ Yukon. Among
I those who went away on the Columbia
were:
N. Lewis, B. White. C. Martin. H. C.
W. Oeorpe. T. H. Clement. A. J. Wel
ler, T. Lynch, 11. Brnsse, W. E. Ketch
in?. J. Hoffman. H. F. Morse, C. H. Gil-
Jan, B. yon Buskles.
' Good stationery and printing: all kinds
of writing: materials, blank books and le
pal blanks. Sole agents for "Berkshire,"
the beet typewriting papers made. San
born. Vail & Co. . •
THE SAX FEAXCTSCO CALT,, WEDXESDAY, JAXrARY 19, 1898.
UPHOLDS THE
GOLD STANDARD
P. W. Murphy Defeats
the Trustees of San
Luis Obispo.
The Supreme Court's Import
ant Decision on Payment
of Bonds.
The Law as Laid Down by the
Highest Tribunal Affects All
Municipalities.
The Supreme Court rendered a deci
sion yesterday of no small Importance
to the voters of the municipalities of
the State. It deals In no uncertain note
upon the kind of money that shall be
paid in the redemption of municipal
bonds. The principal question In the
caae was whether certain bonds should
be paid In gold coin only or In gold coin
or lawful money of the United States.
The other matter was relative to the
powers of/trustees of cities to specify
; the conditions under which elections
I should be held.
The Board of Trustees of the city of
San Luis Obispo having advertised for
the sale of certain bonds of the city i
for the purpose of paying the cost of \
certain municipal Improvements au
thorized by the voters under the provi
sions of the act of March 19, 18S9. P. W.
Murphy, a taxpayer of that city,
brought this action to enjoin the sale of
the bonds and the levy and collection j
of any taxes for their payment, upon j
the ground that their issuance was ille
gal.
The Superior Court rendered judg
ment against him and for the city and
Murphy appealed.
The appellant presented three
grounds upon which he contended !
that the Issuance of the bonds was ille- I
gal, viz., first, that the bonds were ;
made payable in gold coin of the United
States, Instead of being made "payable
in gold coin or lawful money of the
United States;" second, that at the
election upon the question of their is
suance the votes were not cast in ac- I
cordance with the terms of the ordi- j
nance by which the question was sub- j
mitted; third, that the question wheth
er the interest on the bonds should be
paid annually or seml-annually was not
submitted to the voters.
In the matter of the kind of money
that shall be paid in the redemption
of the bonds the court says:
This section (section 6 of the act of
March 19. ISS9) was amended in 1893. mak
ing the first sentence to read as follows:
"All municipal bonds for public Improve
ments issued under the provisions of this
act. shall be of the character of bonds
] known as serials, and shall be payable
in gold coin or lawful money of the Unit
ed States. In the manner following"; • • •
The notice under the ordinance calling
the special election for the purpose of
authorizing the issuance of the bonds in
question stated: "The character of said !
bonds will be what Is known as serial I
and will be payable In gold coin of the |
United States In the manner following
(providing for distributing their payment
over a period of forty years). The rate
of interest to be paid on said bonds will
be 6 per cent per annum."
Continuing, the court calls attention
to the fact that experience taught that
if bonds are payable in currency of a
fluctuating value they are less nego
tiable than if the lender or investor
knows of the precise kind of money
In which he will be paid. The strong
est point presented is in the following
language:
In the absence of any limitation upon the
mode of payment they would be payable
in any lawful money of the United States
and as provision in the bonds giving to
the municipality the alternative of pav
ing them in gold coin or in lawful money
of the United States would create no
obligation upon it to make the payment
in gold coin, it follows that the "lawful
money" in which they would bo Mid
would be that kind which the municipali
ty would elect at their maturity, and con
sequently the kind which at that date
would have the least value. It cannot
be held that the words "Shall be paya
ble in gold coin or lawful money of the
United States were Inserted in the
statute merely for the purpose of declar
ing that the municipality should have the
option at the maturity of the bonds to
pay them in gold coin, or in lawful
money, since it needed no legislative dec
laration to give it that option • • •
♦ v. Th requirement in the statute that
the bonds shall be sold "at not less than
their face value in gold coin of the
United States" would prevent the sale
of a single bond whose payment at ma
turity could be made at the option of
the maker in such currency as it might
then elect, and thus the very object of
the statute would be destroyed Th..
recognized standard of value in this
State is gold coin, and this Is the only
kind of money which the Legislature
has authorized to be received upon a
sale of the bonds.
The second proposition ate the
validity of the election, and the Su
preme Court comes to the support of
the city ordinance in the following
strong language first quoting the cap
tion at the head of the tickets:
Bach voter shall indicate his wish by
writing. or causing to be written or
printed. -"yea" or "no" on the right hand
margin of his ticket, opposite th/proposi
tion on which he may desire to vote in
the absence of any direction, the manner
In which the voter is to Indicate his wish
may be Immaterial, so long as his wish
can be ascertained; but when the mode
of its indication has been prescribed by
authority of law the form becomes a
matter of substance, and courts are not
authorized to say that It may be disregarded
i and that the wish of the voter may be
determined by conjecture. Whatever the
statute requires the form to be is man
datory. • • • The , notice which was
printed upon the tickets that were used
by the voters "to vote for or against a
: proposition, stamp an X in the square
at the right, was authorized, an cave
the voter no right to disregard the man
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The *ie-
tiailß \^^jjf : -,—-——— It oa
ner of voting, which was directed by the
ordinance calling the election. That direc
tion in the ordinance warn clear nnd un
ambiguous, and It must be held that a«?
It wan dinr«?«;t*rded, the olegtion wag' in
valid, . '
Upoa the third proposition the court
holds that it in not necessary that this
matter should b>» submitted to the vot
erw. As Keen by the foregoing op i n io-n
tho position of the appellant was sus
tained, and th»» judgment yf the lower
court was reveiaod. The opinion was
written by Justice Harripon, and con
curred In by Justices Henshaw <,a
routte. Van Fleet, Temple, McFarland
and Chief Justice Beatty, the latter
writing a short concurring opinion.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Hard Luck of a Man Who
Sought Work for Weeks.
C. B. Clayton arrived here from
Greencastle. Pa., three weeks ago and
i ever since has been diligently seeking
work. Yesterday morning he got his
, first Job on the steamer T. C. Walker
, and had not been at work ten minutes
! before the gang-plank fell on him and
broke his leg. He was taken to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital and thence
\ to the City and County Hospital.
Peter Olsen. bettf-r known along the
front as "Scow Pete," was drowned
from Howard-street wharf yesterday
morning. He had been working for a
week discharging the coal from the Ca
manche int-> the Marion, and last Sun
day came dow n from Vallejo to spend
his pay. While under the influence of
liquor he fell overboard.
The schooner King Cyrus, owned by
W. O. Hull of San Francisco, has been
compelled to put into Sydney harbor
leaking. She was on her way from
Newcastle. Australia, to Honolulu and
sprang a leak below the water line. She
had to be run ashore to prevent her
from sinking.
KRUEGER SHIPPED.
Me Did Not Wait for the Trial of
HJ^s $50,000 Darrjage Suit.
T'nlt-<1 States District Judge De Haven
yesterday disnilssed the case of F. A.
Krueger against the Pacific steam Whal-
Ing Company for 160,000 damages.
Krueger was a member of the crew of
the John and Wir.t hrop. a whaler, and
\v:th two other members of the crew was
put in lroj.s oi bread and water on sus
picion of having sot flre to the vessel.
The men were tried and acquitted In the
I'nited States I'istrict Court, there belnp
no evidence to connect them with the of
fense.
After their 1 b^ration the. three sailors
brought suits for damages. Krueger's
case was the ftrst to come up. but Krue
ger bad evidently changed his mind, for
h!s counsel announced that he had ship
ped for a foreign port and was on the
high seas.
Asthma. Consumption. Bronehltln cured. Dr
GordJn's Sanitarium. 514 Pine. :ir. Kearny. SF.,CaI
Chamber of Conjroerce Meeting.
There was an annual meeting of the
directors and members of the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday afternoon. Owing to
the fact that the officers for the year were
elected some days ago and that the presi
dent's report had already been published
the business of the session was quite brief
and routine. The secretary's report show
ed the same membership as last year,
while the report of the librarian showed
that 100 volumes had been added to the
shelves during the year. During the year
there have been forty-two candidates for
officers of vessels and five for masters.
The committee extolled the work of the
late secretary. Captain W. L. Merry, and
passed resolutions of regret concerning
the death of the late A. E. Hecht.
NEW TO-DAY.
Top I
Coats
& OwErn tn» I • I
Bottom
Price.
Every element of clef
* gance, but too many of £
! them— that puts the price I
j away below quality. E
Look at these prices. i
Come and look at the I
Coats. I
Overcoats of dressy blue I
and brown Beavers and I
i Covert Cloth. . f
! Blue, black, brown and Eg
| tan Overcoats, in Beavers, I
Kerseys, Cheviots and I
Covert Cloths. i:
Buy of the Maker, I
Come to the BLUE Signs, I
2d block from Market. »; p
BROWNBROS&CO.I
Wholesale Manufacturers 3
Selling at Retail, j:
121-123 SANSOME ST. I j
— ~ — ■ — ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON «TS.— RE
modeled and renovated. 'KING. WARD ft
CO. -European plan. Rooms '.Go to $1 today,
$5 to $» week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; flre grates In
•vary room: elevator runs all nis-ht.
NEW TO-DAY. "
OOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOO3GOOOQOOOOOQOOCOOO OO 00000000000000000
OCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CO OCOOOOOOOOOOOOO 00 00 00000000000000000
o ■ oo
00 000000000000000000000000 • 00
00 R _ g ~\jV* oo
000 ft \W ) OO
°° i Ai^n^^# 4 i -^xv gg
oS 000000000000000000000000 *^"^ JhM^M *"""^ * ihhiil gOq O
000 0 . 00
ooo o oo
IPOPULAR MONTHLY!!
oo ° %%
oo oo
I THE FEBRUARY NUMBER NOW READY. 1
oo . . . oo
00 00
00 Contains the Most Comprehensive 00
00 and Practical Article yet published on og
00 oo
00 s Bi ■ 1 ra a a ■■■ tm Oo
00 00
00 00
§8 Illustrated with more than 30 fine half-tones, and S3
00 ' . 00
00 , 00
1 A LARGE MAP OF ALASKA 1
00 • . 00
So AND ITS COLD REGIONS. %%
OO \ . oo
OO /^'; oo
I TELLS HOW TO REACH THE KLONDIKE I
80 08
o oo
OO A.IND OO
OO oo
QQ mrmxrm OO
1 WHAT TO TAKE FOR A YEAR'S STAY. 1
O " • * "* , 4 - . : - "" . - O V
00 00
00 ; — - — ; ;;;'. ..• '_:i)'-.-%*i :^ 00
00 A Profusely Illustrated Article I
lI A Profusely Illustrated Article II
1 on the Methodists. 1
100 - . , 00
oo . 00
o°  . . 00
OO ff®®®®®®®SxS®®®®(^ ®®s>®®®(^®®(sXS®®(^ OO
O Q ® § (*) OO
Si] "Wheeling in Picardy/ 1 1 j "Life in Norway," lif
100 • .' oo
100 , ■ . 00
Si FOURTH PAPER ||
00 00
OO • lIN THE OO
OO OO
o o «.-. mm m mi^ _gi h,-. B • ' ■ '^ -y- ■ oo
I GREAT SERIES ON ANDREW JACKSON. I
00 00
00 . — 00
00 00
00 0000000000000000000000000000000 , 0000000000000000000000000000000 OO
if 1 ' 'BEAR-HUNTING IN RUSSIA" f | | "ST. VALENTINE'S DAY." |
Oo 000000 000000 000000 000000c 000000 0000000000000000000000000000000 GO
00 00
00 °«
00 °°
I"THE ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,"!
oo 7 oo
|gg BY GENERAL HORATIO C. KING. gg
00 , , 00
00 ;.— '• : 00
00 . ■ - VvVi 00
%% A CLEVER PARLOR FARCE. %%
00 ' A< ' OO
go SHORT STORIES. YOUNG FOLKS DEPARTMENT. OS
OO OO
Oo ; ■__ '-' ' ' ■ .- , -■'.■' ■' - OO
01 '-©vMO-RE THAN«# ~~ 7'7 ' OO
§? «>^MVIORE THAN-®- gg
g§ ONE HUNDRED ILLUSTRATIONS. g§
Or- OO
OO OO
©C? OO
oc. 00
si Zo vWllLo^ li
00 00
00 — — 00
OO SOLD BY NEWSDEALERS. ' OO
OO OO
00 FRANK LESLIE'S PUBLISHING HOUSE, NEW YORK. So
0000000000000000000000 00000 GO O 0 0 0 0 0000000 00000 00000 000 8
0000000000 000000 000 OOOOOOCO OO 0000000 0000000000000000000
1 ooooooopoooocoooooo 0000000 0000000000000000000000000
56
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 19, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson strea
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towrjs
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by njall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Ri£gs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES--527 Montgomery street. «orr>er Clay:
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street; open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock-
EW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
06 Eleventh st.: open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cperj until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
013 d Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" The Man From Mexico."'
California— "Courted Into Court."
Alcazar— "A Man's Love" and "Forbidden Fruit."
Moroseo's— "The Blue and the Gray."'
Tlvoll— "Brian Boru."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Btißh— The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
The Chutes— Chlqulta and Vaudeville.
Lybeck Cycle Skating Rink— Optical Illusions-
California Jockey Club, Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton & Eldridsre— Thursday, January 20, Turkish Rugs,
At 224 Sutter Street, ;it 2 and g P. >i.
By V.'m. G. Layng ft Co. -Thursday evening. January 20,
Horses, at Occidental Horse Exchange, 225 Tehama st.
By Btaalnwald, Buekbee & Co.- Tiu-ml.-iy, January 25, Real Es"
tate, at 118 Montgomery btreet. at 12 o clock.
By Carl \V. Eifylup— Saturday, January 29, Recreation Park,
corner Eighth and Harrison streets, at 11 o'clock.
A REAL LITTLE DEVIL.
DOUBTLESS the Indiana pastor who
preached last Sunda} r on "His Satanic Ma
jesty had a perfect right to do so. If his
congregation had a desire to feel fearsome thrills
chasing up and down their spines, the good man
was aware of it. and conscientiously trying to earn
his salary. That he portrayed in vivid color the
unpleasant personality he had chosen as a subject
there can be no question. He must be blessed with
the gift of imagination, for since the staid and re
liable Luther threw an ink-bottle at the devil, visits
of the prince of darkness have been rare, so rare
that doubts as to the length of his horns have
arisen, and led to profitable controversy. But the
Indiana pastor set him forth as a thing of terror
roaming up and down impelled by no laudable in
tention. The hearers approached a condition of
ecstatic hysteria.
Just at this point a seeming devil rushed up the
aisle breathing fire and a-lashing of his tail. Im
mediately panic arose. The people were willing
to listen to a description of the devil, and to lay
plans how to*dodge him, but they did not want to
see h?m. Sure they beheld the genuine article,
they did not grasp the opportunity to knock him
out. They simply climbed over each other and got
away from there. They left behind a prostrate
stove which set the building on fire, strengthening
a logical belief that the caller had come direct from
the pit and brought a brand with him.
But the truth was that the pastor's son, being un
regenerate, had conceived a plot whereby to have
some fun and he had it. Whether he shared his
father's right to demonstrate in a practical fashion
his idea of the theme selected by the maturer judg
ment of the sire, is a question to be adjudicated be
tween them. While adjudication is in progress
human sympathy will naturally go out to the boy.
He will find that even if being the devil is sport,
part of the ministerial duty is to beat the devil.
The Vallejo woman who came to the city to add
$850 to a $1600 deposit already in bank here, and
was found wandering penniless in the street, is now
met with the accusation that her story of being
drugged was false. There are always those ready
to insult the injured. With the town full of con
fidence men, and people being robbed right along
by them, there is no particular reason for surprise
that a woman should be chosen victim. The
woman's husband has the gallantry to believe her
story, and the dyspeptic outsider can at least afford
to refrain from casting aspersions upon her. It's
none of his business anyhow.
There seems to be little prospect that the lynch
ers of Über will ever be punished. One reason for
taking this view is that the men have apparently
been known from the first, and nobody shows any
inclination to do aught to disturb their tranquillity
of mind. The conscience of a lyncher is not be
lieved to be racked by uncomplimentary remarks,
nor his fears aroused by what is technically known
as a "bluff."
Uncle Sam probably knows his own business, but
he can't expect everybody to think so when it takes
the direction of cutting down mint salaries and re
ducing the force of mail carriers. Mint employes
have never been noticed to indulge much in purple
and fine linen, and the chances of the carrier to loaf
are not what makes him seek the job.
"Lucky" Baldwin has been dreaming out the lo
cation of the Klondike mother lode. His belief
that this reaches to the north pole and beyond will
be interesting to science as well as to miners. All
that science will have to do will be to follow the line
of claim stakes, and it will find itself where it has so
long vainly tried to get.
It is a good thing that Zola is to be prosecuted
for his charges against the officers who sent Drey
fus to shameful exile. If Dreyfus is iVinocent, the
fact will be apt to be brought out, and if Zola is
right he will be able to declare it In no uncertain
tone and have the whole world for his audience.
When one Supervisor thinks another is a liar he
ought to refrain from saying so in such manner
that his opinion becomes a matter of record. There
are some things too sacred to be thrust upon the
confidence of the public.
Several of the police courts are suspected of be
ing unconstitutional. If the prospect of being out
of a job renders the Police Judge so glum that he
shall jest no more heaven can be thanked for the
rumor even though it be groundless.
Spain has been told again to "hold aloof." Spain
must be getting accustomed to this admonitron, and
probably if it finds her this time in a humor to hold
aloof, she will do it.
THE REAL ANNEXATION LEADER.
AN evening organ of annexation in this city
has confided to the public the information
that C. P. Huntington, and of course the
Southern Pacific Railroad, is in favor of the an
nexation of Hawaii.
While the frankness of this announcement may
cause surprise, the fact itself excites none. Mr.
Huntington, whose powerful and very comprehen
sive faculties have always been used to his personal
advantage in the direction of his great enterprises,
has always frankly expressed views opposed to
those held by a great majority of the people of Cal
ifornia. Especially has he always openly declared
himself against any restriction of Chinese labor
here. lie used it in his great constructive enter
prises to the exclusion of white labor to an extent
scarcely less than its use on the Panama railroad.
He has on the occasion of nearly every recent visit
to San Francisco improved the opportunity given
by public interviews in the press to insist that our
ports should be opened to coolie labor as a factor
necessary in the progress and prosperity of Cali
fornia. Hence it is in line with his view of public
policy that we should annex Hawaii, where only
some form of Asiatic servile labor can endure the
physical conditions and where low wages make
high profits to the planter and employer.
We have no doubt that if he were asked whether
the annexation treaty holds any guarantee that the
coolie labor now in the islands is to be excluded
from the rest of the country he would scout at the
idea, for few men not professors of public and interna
tional law have a keener knowledge and a sounder
judgment upon such a subject, and none has more
courage in expressing it and taking the conse
quences.
His interest in many ways will be served by an
nexation. He is the owner of Pacific liners. Many
of these ships were built by cheap labor in England
and have been sailed upon a British register and
the English flag only. Only recently he trans
ferred the China to a Hawaiian registry and sails
her now under the island flag, as Tie does the
Aztec and Barracouta. If Hawaii is annexed,
then ships take at once an American register. Wei!
paid labor in the United States did not have the
profit of their construction. That went to the em
ployers of cheap labor in England. The trade be
tween Hawaii and our present American ports will
come under the laws regulating our coasting ma
rine. Ships under foreign flags will be excluded
from it and American ship-builders will get no ben
efit from building American bottoms to supply the
demand; for Mr. Huntington's foreign-built fleet
is all ready to run up the American flag and take
the business.
So, it appears that, look at it in any light, Mr.
Huntington's word for annexation, like that of all
the powerful and selfish interests on that side, has its
motive in the desire to profit by the decadence of
the character of labor and the lowering of wages.
From their point of view, the selfish point en
tirely, this is justified, but is it justified when in
vestigated in the light of public interest?
Have the people of California anr profit ahead
in aiding Mr. Huntington to get an American reg
ister on his British-built fleet, and in letting it com
pete in our coasting trade with the fleets built by
well-paid labor at home? Have the people of this
State any prospective profit in helping Mr. Hunt
ington succeed in his policy of adding to the ranks
of coolie labor in destructive competition with our
white wage-earners?
If they believe that Mr. Huntington has been
right all the time and they wrong all the time, on
their issues, they have a chance now to confess their
errors and aid him. But, if they are firm in the
belief that he is wrong, and that they have been
right, they should see to it that Wasnington is not
startled by their surrender.
We have no impatient or harsh criticism of Mr.
Huntington for thinking, doing or speaking as he
does. It is his right. But against that it is the
right of the people to see and say that his interests
are not theirs.
SAN MATEO ENTERPRISE.
\A OST encouraging from every point of view
/ \ are the prospects for road improvement in
* * San Mateo. The extent of the work pro
posed is commensurate with the immediate needs
of the county, the plans adopted provide for dura
bility of construction with economy of cost, and
the means devised for raising money will enable
the taxpayers to obtain the desired road improve
ments with hardly an appreciable increase of tax
ation over the present rates.
By the plans advanced San Mateo will enter upon
virtually two distinct enterprises of road work. The
first of these will be the opening of a boulevard
from the San Francisco line through the county to
the Santa Clara line. The second will cross the
mountains which separate the county into two parts
and will open up the rich and attractive section of
western San Mateo to easy access from San Fran
cisco and all the flourishing towns in the eastern por
tion of the county.
Surveys made by the county surveyor and a close
investigation on the part of the State Highway
Commission show that these improvements are ur
gently needed and can be easily supplied. The
county abounds with good material for road con
struction, and much of this lies directly along the
routes of the proposed highways, so that the cost
of material and transportation will be comparatively
slight. By reason of this advantage it is estimated
that the ninety-five miles of good road designed can
be constructed at a cost which will entail a bond is
sue of only $3r0,000.
From each of the proposed roads large benefits
will accrue to the community. The boulevard from
the San Francisco line to that of Santa Clara will
really be of State importance. It will form a por
tion of a grand boulevard which will eventually cir
cle the southern end of the bay and form a drive
way from San Francisco to Oakland. When com
pleted such a boulevard will be one of the greatest
roads in America, and will probably surpass even
the grand avenue which is now being constructed
along the shores of Lake Michigan from Chicago
to Milwaukee.
The other road which is to run from a point on
the San Francisco County line southwesterly across
the San Pedro Mountains through Spanishtown,
PeFcadero and Pigeon Point to the Santa Cruz line
will not be so great a thoroughfare, but it will open
one of the most picturesque sections of country
around this picturesque peninsula. It will benefit
the eastern portions of the county by bringing the
people of the western section into closer relations
with Menlo Park, Belmont, Redwood and San
Mateo. thus increasing the trade of those centers.
The chief benefits, however, will come from the de
velopment of the mountain sections. This is cer
tain to follow rapidly, for there are few localities
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1898.
near San Francisco where country homes can be so
romantically placed or so delightfully situated as in
the region through which the road is to run.
When San Mateo begins these works of improve
ment the adjoining counties will be virtually forced
to follow her enterprising lead. San Francisco will
have to extend her boulevard system to connect with
that of her progressive neighbor. Santa Cruz and
Santa Clara will have to do likewise. The move
ment therefore is one in which all this section of
the State is interested. There will no doubt be op
position from the sluggish and wasteful who would
rather spend $2 to patch up a bad road than to pay
$3 for a good one, but this we trust will be over
come without difficulty. The progressive element
won the Folsom-boulevard contest in Sacramento
and we expect it to win an equal victory in San
Mateo.
NEW DEPARTURE IN LICENSES.
THE license ordinance recently passed to print
by the Board of Supervisors, now that its pro
visions have been made public, should be con
sidered without reference to its character as a rev
enue-producing measure. The theory upon which
license laws are enacted is not revenue, but regu
lation and protection. They are framed, not to
add to the incomes of municipalicies, whose treas
uries may at any time be replenished by direct tax
ation, but to regulate the conduct of and afford
the people protection against dishonest tradesmen,
swindling hackmen, hotel runners nnd expressmen.
Among other things license laws are designed to
prevent is an unhealthy increase in certain trades and
occupations.
The ordinance passed to print by the Board of
Supervisors is evidently a revenue-producing meas
ure. Placing a tax of from $20 to $50 a quarter
upon sidewalk cellars in certain portions of the
city cannot be defended on the ground that it is de
sired to regulate such areas; nor can a license upon
projecting steps and show windows be founded
upon anything except a determination to make it
uncomfortable for property owners by getting as
deeply into their pockets as possible. Licensing
signs is more reasonable. Such contrivances are
nuisances generally and their reasonable regulation
by the license device might not be objectionable —
though it must be said that a quarterly tax of from
$4 to $6 is rather a heavy imposition apon their
owners.
We think, upon reflection, the Board of Super
visors will reconsider its determination to pass
this ordinance. License taxation is in a general
way always objectionable. In the first place it is
discriminative. Unlike levies upon real and per
sonal property, no attempt is made to make it uni
foim. It is. in fact, a burden upon business — the
tribute its victims pay for the privilege of making
a living. Every dollar of it comes out of the con
sumers, for licenses are just as much a part of a
business man's calculations as his other taxes, in
surance and store expenses. License taxation
should never be enlarged except it becomes neces
sary to protect or regulate somebody or something.
Whoever devised the ordinance under considera
tion evidently did not comprehend the nature of his
task. In proposing to license sidewalk cellars and
projecting steps and show windows he is plainly in
vading the domain of the Assessor and Tax Collec
tor. Moreover it is probable that neither the com-
mittee which recommended the ordinance nor the
board which has passed it to print understands the
character of the work it hn.s undertaken. An ordi
nance so palpably designed to raise revenue is un
doubtedly unconstitutional.
We have discussed this matter from a legal stand
point. The property n.vners anrt business men
who are to be made the victims of the ordinance
may safely be left to consider its practical features.
Unles? we are mistaken the Supervisors will hear
from them the moment they discover what is up.
1~) ECAUSE of the competition of the cotton
K\ mills in the Southern States, the manufactur-
e rs— ' ers of cotton goods in New England have or
dered a sweeping reduction of 10 per cent in the
wages of their operatives, and the operatives in re
sistance have struck. The mill owners being
united are irresistible and the workers being united
are immovable. The two have come into contact
and the result is universal smash.
Nearly the whole cotton industry of New Eng
land is involved in the contest. The reduction in
wages extends from Rhode Island to Maine. The
combination includes upward of 150 large mills
and it is said 127,000 persons are affected by the re
duction in wages. The operatives have not under
taken a general strike. New Bedford has been
selected as the scene of battle. All the mills have
been closed there, but in other places it seems to
have been agreed that the work shall go on so that
the unions may have money enough to make a long
and a winning fight at the point they have chosen
for battle.
It is by no means certain, however, that the con
test will long be confined to a single point. More
or less disturbance has been noted in all the cot
ton-mill towns from Woonsocket l,i Rhode Island
10 Lewiston in Maine. The operatives who have
accepted the lower rate of wages have done so un
willingly. Their sympathies and their aid are with
the New Bedford strikers and there may be a strike
along the whole line before the week closes.
The situation is not unexpected. When the re
duction of wages was first discussed the mill own
ers were informed that a strike would follow. All
attempts at arbitration failed. Even that famous
Massachusetts Court of Arbitration of which we
have heard so much of late was as powerless and
as futile in its efforts to stop the advancing crisis as
any volunteer arbitrator who thought he had a rem
edy for all the problems of labor and capital and
rose out of obscurity to announce it.
Of course the parties to the strike on both sides
know their own business better than others. Never
theless it is difficult to see how either the owners
or the operatives can expect to gain advantage over
their Southern rivals by the course they have pur
sued. Reducing wages is a game that two can play
at, and Southern mill men can play it much more
safely than their New England rivals. The reduc
tion of wages seems therefore to have been a foolish
move at the outset, and the operatives have made
the blunder more costly to the industry by forcing
the closing down of mills.
The New England industry is destroying itself
by the course it is pursuing. The Southern mills
will be quick to get the trade the Northern mills
formerly possessed. All business lost by the strike
will go South: and when the strike is over the New
Englanders will have a harder ta<k than ever to hold
their own. There may be some causes that are
advanced by strikes, but the improvement of busi
ness is not one of them.
THE NEW ENGLAND STRIKE.
THE CONQUEROR OF THE KLONDIKE.
This time the Klondike is doomed to
defeat. Waterloo is on tne way. And
Bhe's a woman.
Mrs. Alice Rollins Crane leaves San
Francisco to-night, bound for the a\u.s
kan gold fields. She is also "bound to
win" she says.
What?
Why, money, fame and any other of the
golden nuggets of fortune that may be lying
around waiting for this intrepid woman
to pick them up. Other people approach '
the cruel Klondike with fear, with awe. ! I
even though they may be determinea. But '
*Irs. Alice Rollins Crane is not to be de
terred by such slight things as possible
starvation, frozen thermometers, Chilkoot
passes or the like. She starts on her
way like a conqueror. She's so sure of
success, so full of well-founded faith in
; her own ability that it wouldn't surprise
[ me to hear that the awful pass itself had
; unbent from its right-angled rigidity and
j thawed under the gracious influence of
Mrs. Crane of Los Angeles.
Mrs. Crane was ushering a newspaper
man out of a friend's apartment when
j I entered. She included his leavetaking <
j and my welcome in a word to us both.
"What makes me feel at home with you
( people," she said, "is that I've worked
on the press. They sent for me to come
from New York to Chicago to nurse the
j wounded in the Haymarket riot. I went
into the hospital as a nurse— a sort of de- j
tectlve, you understand .'—and every day I
; I'd go and make my verbal report to a '
; representative of the paper. Then they'd |
: go and interview the doctors, and they j
couldn't for the life of them tell where j
| the paper'd got its Information. I tell I
I you. it was hard, though. I had to dress j
' wounds and look wise. There were days '
when I couldn't get out to get a bite to |
eat. And they'd told me not to eat at !
the hospital."
MRS. CRANE AND HER KLONDIKE OUTFIT.
"Why not."
"Because, how would It look to have
them say afterward that a reporter of the
paper had been fed by the county?"
I suppose I looked as though such an
argument didn't appeal to me, for she
went on:
"And, anyway, I didn't question any
thing I was told to do. I just went and
did it."
Which is good, soldierly discipline, no
doul.t.
"Well, I won't talk you to death," she
said, as the reporter left; and then, turn
ing toward me, she very considerately
wont over the story which must grow
wearisome with such continual repetition.
But Mrs. Crane does not give to the
reporters a hackneyed, note-learned ac
count of her remarkable self. Her voice
had a slightly raised pitch, due to ex
citement, when she spoke to me. But
she talks fluently, simply; she is thor
oughly good natured, not at all reticent,
and extremely interesting.
"My expenses are paid hy a small syn
dicate of five magazines, to which I shall
send matter. Then I am commissioned j
by the ethnological bureau of the Smith
sonian Institution to gather data regard- j
ing Indian folk lore and all the details to l
be got by living intimately with them."
"Really living with thorn?" I repeated, j
with uncomfortable recollections of Piute
wiikiups and Piute ladies and gentle
men.
"Oh. yes. Why, I've lived with a dozen
different tribes of Indians— the Apaches.
etc" She checked the Indians' names
off on her large, strong fingers.
'Why. I'm the only white woman that
ever lived with the Apaches in any other
way than as a captive. I used to think
they let me stay with them 'cause th.-v
liked mo so much. But after a long while
the old chief told me he thought I was
crazy!"
Mrs. Crane chats along, punctuating
her interesting story with many a
laugh She is rather a tall woman, with
quantities of golden hair, which she
keeps brushing back from her white
forehead. She has a fair, florid skin and
a broad, open face; her eyes are small
and keen and blue-gray. Her manner is
altogether unconstrained. She sat and
talked to a circle of women yesterday
afternoon, giving details of her history
and that of her family— a most excellent
family— in an easy and a very interesting
way. Mrs. Crane must be nearly 40 years
old, and she weighs 170 pounds, so she
told us.
"But when I get to Dyea." she said,
apropos of this, "111 go into training—
with my dogs. " she laughed. "I've got
two dogs— a beautiful pure Newfound
land and one that's half Great Dane and
the other half Russian bloodhound.
They'll be trained there, and so will I.
And I'm going to lose forty pounds, too.
Why, once in an Indian village I
trained down to ninety-eight pounds, and
I felt fine; could Jump on a horse and
enjey life."
"And your purpose in going to the
Klondike, then, is to study the habits of
the Indians there?"
"That's one purpose. To write Is an
other. And the third is to go as the trus
tee of a syndicate of Los Angeles women,
for whom I shall Invest their money and
benefit by half the profits."
And to provide against the emergency
of their Klondike property becoming
valuable, when it might also become tax
able, these Los Angeles women have in
trusted t" >frs. Crane a very unusual
power. But that wouldn't surprise you if
you saw Mrs. Crane. Conlidence natur
ally clings about such a woman. She
haa more energy, more executive ability,
than any dozen men I know. And, be
By MIRIAM MICHELSON.
sides, she possesses "that peculiar charm"
which would make It easy to describe her
as a good fellow if she were a man.
"Will you tell me when you first be
came — a new woman?"
"Oh, don't call me a new woman!"
"You wouldn't want to be called an
old woman?"
"I don't care as long as these old bones
of mine'll get me to Klondike. Why, I
was crazy to go last August. I love to be
out; to rough it. Why, lor two years my
son and I never slept indoors, nor with a
covering, other than brush, over us.
"It's ten years now stnee I came out to
Arizona and began to study the Indians.
I By the way, I'm to have an article in the
: next Arena attacking the Government for
its treatment of the wards of the nation.
, Isn't that funny? But it was written be
fore I knew they were going to commis
sion me to go up there."
"In what way will you Invest the money
I of these Los Angeles women?"
"Oh, buy and sell mines, speculate In
various ways." she said, largely.
"Have you had any experience In mm
I ing?" I asked.
I know very well that that isn't a rea-
I sonable question to ask a woman, but or
' dlnary rules don't hold with such a wo
! man as Mrs. Crane.
"Oh, yes." she answered quietly, as
other women might answer if they were
asked whether they play a musical in
strument. "I owned shares In an Ari
zona mine. The company was East,
though, and when I came out to Arizona
I wrote back asking if I could operate the
mine— it was closed on account of the de
pression of silver— if I'd hire my own
workmen. They wrote back yes. And I
could just read between the lines their
scorn of a woman's attempting it. But I
did. I wont to a thirty-second degree Ma
son—l always go to the Masons; my hus
luiiil and my father were thirty-second
degree Masons— and I told him I wanted
him to direct me to a dozen of the best
old forty-niners he knew. He did, and I
tell you they worked for me. They were
all old bachelors, and I was a widow, you
know, and I was boss, and the thing
paid."
Now, whaffc the Klondike going to do
•with a woman like that? She's cheery;
she's courageous; she's experienced. She
has the army for her friend— both her
first and her second husbands were mili
tary men; she has letters from the Cath
olic Archbishops recommending her to the
: merciful care of the Sisters and the mis
i sionaries, should she be ill. She has Uncle
Sam at her back, being his representative.
She has various kinds of newspapers and
magazines behind her. Her best friends
! are a family at Forty-Mile worth half a
i million in Klondike claims, whose hos
• pitable home she expects to reach about
! May 1. She has been toughened and
strengthened by a life of hardship and ad
venture, and she's as full of hope as her
sheeps-wool-llned sleeping bag will be of
her when she lies calmly down to sleep,
without thought of the morrow's dangers
or difficulties.
"And you'll wear " I began.
Mrs. Crane pulled up her skirt and
showed us women the full bloomers and
the high, double-soled boots made spec
j ially for her in New York, that are to go
with various colored sweaters.
"You must have a small foot to bear
such a boot as that," said Mrs. Crane's
hostess.
"I wear twos." the commissioner from
the Smithsonian Institution answered
modestly.
But these tiny feet and the stout dec
laration that she's still a rebel are all
the inheritance Mrs. Crane has from her
Virginian ancestors.
And Mr. Crane?
There Is a Mr. Crane.
"Mr. Crane"s dyspeptic, you know,"
said his versatile wife. "He can't eat
bacon and hardtack."
"Poor Mr. Crane!" I said with sincerest
sympathy. "It's unfortunate that he
can't go with you."
"Oh. I need him at this end," answered
Mr. Crane's wife. "There's a lot for him
to do here. He'll have to send on sup
plies to me, forward my matter, attend
to my business and finish up a book -I
was writing about the Los Angeles
schools, when I left there. Oh, he's recon
ciled to my going now. But if they have
a real good scrap over In China a pub
lisher wants me to go over there as war
correspondent. And Mr. Crane don't want
me to accept.
"He's really the bravest of the two."
she went on, "to let me go. I never saw
him cry before, except when my son
died. If my son hadn't died I never
should have married him."
Which is decidedly flattering to Mr.
Crane. Yet Mrs. Crane is aware of and
admires her husband's many good quali
ties.
"But my son was my companion, my
friend. He worked with me. Illustrated
my matter, lived with me in the desert
and the brush. And then when I went to
Los Angeles, thinking: he needed a couple
of years' schooling, he took cold. Think
of it, after lying out nights and sleeping
in the rain as we'd done, he took cold
from a draughty window fn the school
house and died of la grippe three years
ago. He would have been nineteen if he
had lived. For the first year I couldn't
get reconciled to it,* but now I under
stand," she added gently, "that he's only
gone ahead. We're believers In evolu
tion, he and I."
But not in woman suffrage.
"Politics is so corrupt; getting worse
and worse every day. I say let the women
keep out of it. It'll go clean down to the
bottom soon, and then women can take
hold and buiid it up."
Which is unnecessarily cruel and illogi
cal, it seems to mo.
You see Mrs. Crane is all kinds of
woman. And that's what makes her
puzzling- as well as interesting. She has
all a man'a readiness to take the world
liberally; she is naturally gregarious,
she is not too fine-trained for association
with ail kinds of people; she is what
commonplace persons call good company;
and. as I said before, she's just the fe
male Wellington to bid fortune stand
and deliver. I dare the Klondike to de
feat her.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend'm.'
Genuine eyeglasses, specs; 15c up. S3 4th
Bt. Also open Sundays till 2 p. m.
You can save lots of money by buying
your stationery and getting your print
ing done at Sanborn &Yail's,74l Market.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
Constituent— l want to git a Govern
ment poslyh, kurnel, but dem civil service
rules is a little too much fer me.
Politician— Well, Bill, I am willing to
help you all I can.
Constituent— All right, kurnel— if you
kin only git dem rules changed to Mar
quis of Queensberry, I t'ink I could con
nect better. — Judge.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Co'.lc, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wldslow'b Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including flfteon days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, mana
ger. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Sprlnps, Colorado.
Fadkd hair recovers Us youthful color and
softness by the use of Parker's Hair Bai sam.
Hindkbcorns, the best cure for corns. 15 cts.
EVIDENCE OF PROGRESS.
Persons who think the negro race has
made no substantial progress should
pause and contemplate the fact that a
new brick cotton mill, having from 7000
to 10,000 spindles, and owned exclusively
by colored people. Is nearly completed
in Concord, N. C- It will be in operation
liv April 1. "A monument to the enter
prise and thrift of the colored people of
the old North State," some say — and such
it is.— Springfield Republican.
NEW TO-DAY.
ROYAL
Baking Powder
is the greatest of
modern - time helps
to perfect cooking.MERCHANTS ARE
UP IN ARMS
Trouble Is Brewing Over
a Proposed License
Ordinance.
Business Men Oppose the Tax
ing of Under Sidewalk
Space.
A Measure Before the Board of Su
pervisors That Is Generally
Condemned.
-
. The business men of the city are full
of the wrath born of righteous indigna
tion regarding the new ordinance pro
viding for the licensing of space used
by them under the sidewalks.
To say that the proposed measure has
moused the Ire of the business men
around town would be to put the mat
ter very mildly. As a matter of fact,
it has called forth hot protest from
, leading citizens in all walks of business
('" '. and professional life. Indeed, there
J has seldom been such unanimity" of
) opinion regarding any act of municipal
legislation. On all sides is to be heard
a vigorous denunciation of the ordi
nance in question.
( Colonel John C. Kirkpatrlck, mana
• ger of the Sharon Estate Company, de
clared yesterday that the ordinance
would work an injustice to the store
keeper, whose rent would be raised by
his landlord, in order to cover the ex
pense of the license, and that the li
cense carried an injustice in the way of
. discrimination — ct lack of It. For in
stance, a stationery store, requiring a
great amount of room for the storage
of cheap but bulky goods, such as en
velopes and the like, would have to pay
as much as a hardware establishment
which would store in a similar space
goods worth ten times as much.
Mr. Weister of the firm of Weister &
Go., New Montgomery street, declared
that this ordinance was -very unjust,
and that it would unquestionably work
great injury to the business interests
of the city if it became a law. He said
that the Supervisors might as well and
as reasonably tax a man for using his
back yard.
William Doxey averred that the
adoption of such a measure would se
riously affect all the retail dealers, and j
that, indirectly, the consumer would i
eventually have to pay the license.
A. S. Baldwin declared the proposi
tion one of great danger to the busi
ness interests of the city, and ex- I
pressed the opinion that it would meet i
with a very vigorous opposition on the
part of property owners. :
Mr. Milles of the Owl Drug Company
protested that the merchants would
not tolerate such an ordinance, and
that the citizens would rise up in
wrath against the unrighteous proposi
.. tion.
C. H. Crocker r?f the H. P. Crork^r
my declared the ordinance unjust
for the reason that the building per
mits given by the city practically con
fer the right to use the space under
consideration.
Charles Lynn, 721 Market street, was
loud in his denunciation of the ordi
nance, which he characterized as ab
surd and ridiculous. He thought that
the citizens should rise up in a body
an>l oppose the enactment of such an
fn.inst and unreasonable law.
The above expressions are but a fair
index of the consensus of opinion on
this subject. As one prominent busi
inan declared. "The whole town is
jumping on this infamous proposition!"
NEW TO-DAY.
Most Torturing, Disfiguring,
Humiliating
Of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly skin
and scalp humors is instantly relieved
by a warm bath with Cuticcra Soap,
a single application of Cuticura (oint-
ment), the great skin euro, and a full dose
of Cuticura Resolvent, greatest of blood :
purifiers and humor cures.
Remedies speedily, permanently, and
economically cure, when all else fails.
P..ttk« _*(.••» _wt> Can. C"--. Role Prop*.. ixxtoa.
CT - ■'" *> Cure Eitrj Skin .ml Blood Humor," free.
PIMPLY FACES fw^afsa? br
AFTER"
Ton have failed to find relief or help from other :
after yon have grown despondent and doubt-
ftfJ of ever getting relief from any source, after you
hare been told that yea are beyond help, after all
the doctors have failed and life is indeed a wretched
sea of misery and lost hope, come then to the Eng-
lish and German Expert Specialists, 731 Market
street, and see what they think of your ease.
Here In California we san point to thousands of
eases in the past two yeara that we have cured after
everybody had failed ; eases that must have dragged
cot a miserable journey to the grave. This is the
life-saving reoord of the English and German Expert
Specialists, 731 Market street, in California, and no
real sufferer can afford to take any advice but the
best. Cheap medical advice, like cheap medicines, is
a worthless offering to suffering humanity. Come
After Everybody Fails. '
CATARRH ifi^Rfc CATARRH
A Ser,«J for "Guide to Health" and Symptom
* Blank TREE.
_________
ENGLISH AND GERMAN
EXPERT SPECIALISTS,
731 MARKET STREET.
-■■■-
Hours 8-5; Evenings 7-8; Sundays 9-11.
A YOUTHFUL VIOLINIST.
Favorite Pupil of Ysaje Shortlu to Make His
Debut In TMs Cltu.
PIETRO MARINO.
Pietro Marino Is a young violinist who will make his American debut In this
city some time next month. He may w»!l br> said t<> be a production of San Fran
cisco, for although he was born in Italy just nineteen years v.go, he cameherewhen
a lad of tender age. and it was here that the seeds of his musical career were
first sown, and they have now developed into full fruition. When be was 16
years old he came under the notice of Nathan Landsberger, who heard him
play at a local concert, and that patron of young and struggling artists, with
quick discernment, recognized the brilliant promise of the youthful violinist
and advised him to go to Europe to perfect his musical education.
Marino accordingly went to Brussels, in 1895, and was Immediately admitted
as a pupil in the Royal Conservatory, where he soon, by his ability and evi
dent desire to attain proficiency, attracted the attention of no less a personage
than Ysaye, who forthwith took him under his protecting wing. The young man
was made a mem!>>r of the Grand Orchestra of the conservatory In the- first
year of his entry to that institution, and he returns with tho remarkable record
of having graduated with the highest honors In the unusually short tlm«"> of two
> ears and a half, and he is now a full-fledged an.l capable violinist. He has won
three first prizes in violin competition- one for harmony, in 1816, another for
technique, in lS9t'>, ami still another for violin study, in INO7. He is possessed of
an attractive presence and great personal magnetism, and has th*» added dis
tinction of having been a favorite pupil of Ysaye, in itself no small recommen
dation.
The music-loving public Is awaitintr with Interest the advent of this youth
ful and phenomenal violin virtuoso, and he himself is more Than anxious to
make his first appearance in this city, to which he is fondly attached and which
he has ever regarded as hi.s home.
DOLE WILL
NOT LINGER
The Owl of Bohemia Sa
lutes the Visiting
Sovereign.
General Shafter, U. S. A., Will
Render Military Honors
This Forenoon.
Breakfast at the Pacific Union Club
Appointed for the Guest by-
Mayor Phelan.
President Dole was entertained yes
terday in agreeable style. Under es
; cort of First Lieutenant Robert H. No
! ble, U. S. A., of General Shaffer's staff,
he visited the Bohemian Club for
; luncheon, and passed two hours leis
j urely inspecting the Owl's premises.
There he met artists and writers, who
j are no strangers in Hawaii, and had
! the further pleasure of meeting many
j Influential men in professional and
j commercial pursuits.
At the Occidental Hotel during the
afternoon and evening the President of
the Hawaiian Republic received
many visitors, but he managed to get
time for a little sight-seeing. Late in
the afternono he received and dis
patched many messages by wire. The
brisk telegraphic correspondence obvi
ously related to his future movements
in the United States, because notice
was soon given that his sojourn in San
Francisco would terminate this even
ing. He leaves on the Central over
land for Washington. D. C. to-nipht.
The visiting President will be the
pupst of the United States army to-day
until noon. He and his suite will board
Did Not Understand Nevada Latin
John H. Durst and Judge Mayenbaum of Nevada tossed a few sarcaptic c
remarks to and fro during the hearing of A. L. PttSgßrald'fl motion before f
Judge Coffey to set aside the verdict of the Jury in the John S. Capron will
contest yesterday, and his Honor was called upon to etop the quarrel and to
protest against any insinuations against the mode of If pal interpretation <
within the boundaries of the "Sage-Brush State." Henry E. Highton argunl (
in behalf of Mr. Fitzgerald"s motion to set asMrie the verdict for some time and t
when he had concluded and taken his seat Judge Mayenhaum addressi -d tho
court. Judge Mayenbaum as counsel for Fitzgerald, during the course of his *
argument had occasion to use a Latin ptmUM or maxim common in the prac- i
tice of the law. Durst then interrupted and said: "I do not understand Ne- (
vada I,atin. Judge Mayenbaum." -.
Judge Mayenbaum lost his temper in an instant, and turning and shaking t
his fist at the lawyer who interrupted him, retorted: "In Nevada, sir, we un
derstand the law. It Is better that we use the practice as honorably adhered
to in that State than that born of a lengthy association with the Blums of t
* Ban Francisco. His Honor here gained his knowledge of the law in Nevada, (
I and knows the depth of the slur cast as well as I." (
) Judge Ooffey then interrupted and said that tie could not allow any one to t
throw stones at the genius of the State of Nevada, and requested that the ]
practice be discontinued. The argument then continued, and in a short time
* counsel concluded and the case was submitted. Judge Coffey promptly de- *
> nied the motion to set aside the verdict of the jury, but granted twenty days <
> to the attorneys representing Fitzgerald in which to file a notice
« of appeal. Attorney Durst then moved the court to set a day for t
tho hearing of the applications of the stepdaughters of Capron to
admit a will, bearing date prior to that offered by Fitzgerald, to pro- *
* bate. The court was inclined to deny the motion at first, as in event the ver-
> diet of the jury was reversed in the SupTeme Court and the prior will was <
) admitted to probate by the lower tribunal a startling legal complication (
» might arise. The court finally decided to hear the application without preju- /
dice to either side on the 4th of February and counsel from Nevada and San
' Francisco left the room together. *
I t
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1808.
the Government steamer General Mr-
Dowell, Clay-street wharf, at 9:45 a.
m. Guided by General Shafter and
staff, the President will be conveyed
t<> th" Presidio wharf. On his landing
at the Presidio reservation a salute of
twenty-one puns, to which President
Is entitled as a reigning sovereign,
will bo fired in his honor. The Tisit to
the garrison of the Presidio and the
extensive fortifications must be brief,
as the Mayor of the city takes the guest
to the Pacific Union Club for break
fast at 1 o'clock. At this club function
General Shifter, who cannot attend,
will be represented by Lieutenant
Colonel John X Babcock, adjutant gen
eral of the Department of California.
(>n the trip aboard the Government
steamer Genera] Shafter will be accom
panied by li is personal staff— First
Lieutenant K. H. Xohle and First Lieu
tenant John D. ftClley and department
staff, Lieutenant Colonel Habeoek,
Colonel James M. Moore, Lieutenant
Colonel Johnson V. l>. Middleton. Ma
jor Edward Field, Major Stephen W.
Groesbeck, Major John S. Wltcher and
First Lieutenant Frank Greene.
As some comment has been made re
garding the fact that President Dole
was. n^t tainted by the military gar
rison stationed in this harbor on the
arrival of the steamship Peru, It is
said that the army authorities were not
Officially advised from Washington, an( j
| neither were they notified by the Ha
waiian consulate in San Francisco that
President t>i>i>- was eomlng.
When Kinpr Kaiakaua visited this
j country in l*!<o Hear Admiral Brown, U.
S. N., at Honolulu, apprised the Gov
ernment at Wash i net- «n of the King's
intended visit. The Secretary of War
: then advised General Gibbons, who
commanded tin Department of Cali
fornia at that time, that the Kin*
would arrive on the flagship Charles
ton, and directed that a salute i,». fired
in honor of His Majesty on the arrival
of the vessel. Accordingly a lookout
was maintained, and when the Charles
ton was sighted, Alcatras, the saluting
station, was notified, and the honors
were rendered in compliance with In
structions from, the Secretary of War.
Yesterday afternoon General Shafter
S"!it a message by wire to Adjutant
i General Breck, Washington, I>. c, an
, nouncing the arrival of President Dole
and the reception of the guest by the
commanding officer of the department.
Horseshocrs Will Dance.
At the meeting of the Journeyman
Horsophoers 1 Tnlon last night three new
: members were Initiated. A committee
; was app"inted to arrange for a ball to be
i held on the evening of March 2Ti.
THE DEMANDS
WERE UNSIGNED
Warrants in Favor of the
Teachers' Annuity Fund
Refused.
The Auditor Claims They Were
Issued Under an Uncon
stitutional Act.
The Law Providing fop the Fund In
terpreted as Being Special
Legislation.
Auditor Broderlck has refused to
sign the demands made against the
school fund In favor of A. C. Wldber,
the treasurer of the teachers' annuity
fund, and designated as being one
half money deducted from the teach
ers" salaries. The warrants amounted
to $903 96. and were for the months of
August, September and October of last
year. They were allowed by the School
Board. The Auditor, in returning the
demands to the Board of Education
unsigned, says:
These demands reached this office
some time in December. I have been in
formed that others are in reserve and
have not been allowed by the Board of
Education— presumably for April, May,
June, July and November.
The reasons for returning the above
will apply to the others and I desire that
my refusal to draw warrants upon the
school fund in satisfaction of the above
may be considered as applying also to
those not yet presented.
These demands are presented to me for
audit, and my warrant upon the treasury
for their payment, demanded under the
provisions of section 1". subdivision 3. of
"An act to amend an act approved March
26, IM*5. entitled 'An act to create and ad
minister a public school teachers' annuity
and retirement fund in the several coun
ties and cities and counties in the
State.' "
Section 10 of said act provides for the
cr«-iuion of the annuity fund as follows:
"(1) Twelve dollars per year from day
school teachers, to be deducted from
their salaries by the Treasurer; (2) all
moneys received by gifts, bequests and
devises; (3i all money, pay, compensation
of salary forfeited, deducted or withheld
from the warrant or demand for salary
of any teacher or teachers for or on ac
count of absence from duty from any
cause, which the Board of Education of
every incorporated city or town, or the
Board of Trustees of every school district
outside of such city or town, may appro
priate and Pet apart (Of the aforesaid
fund; and said Board of Education or
Boards of Trustees are hereby empow
ered to appropriate such moneys, or any
part thereof for such fund; provided that
in consolidated cities and counties after
the establishment of an annuity fund
therein, it is hereby .made the duty of
Boards of Education to appropriate
monthly at least one-half of such moneys
for such fund."
This section Is in my judgment discrim
inating and altogether open* to the charge
of not being: uniform in its application to
counties, cities <>r tnwn or school dis
tricts of the State, and therefore subject
to being considered special legislation.
The act Is in many other particulars spe
cial: notably in sectloil 12. wherein It is
provided that all present teachers may of
their own volition or option assume "the
burden of the act or avoid the same, but
In subdivision 2 of section !l' it provides
aa follows: "In consolidated cities and
c.,ui\ttes it shall be binding upon all
teachers elected or appointed to teach in
the public schools of such consolidated
cities and counties after the passage of
this act."
The act i« not one that applies to all
teachers, but only to those who desire to
provide for an annuity on retirement from
school teaching. It Is In no way connect
ed in a governmental sense with the
school department of San Francisco. The
Board of Education has no voice in its
affairs. The Supervisors or the Auditor
have no authority over its funds, as was
the case under the act of 1R95, and I can
find no reason why the government of
San Francisco should tax Its people to
build this exclusively private fund by ap
propriating from the school fund for that
purpose. On the contrary, I tind some
reason for not doing so in language con
tained in section v Of "An act for the
■nment and support of the school de
partment and to establish the powers of
the Hoard of Education, approved April
27, ISO," wherein it refers to the school
fund, to wit: "\Yhi<*h fund shall be kept
separate and distinct from all other
moneys and shnll only be used for school
purposes.** I am obliged to look upon the
terms of section 10 of the act of iy>7, un
der which I was asked to draw warrants
upon the school fund of San Francisco, as
special legislation, the effect of which
would be the appropriation of public
funds to private uses, aijd In direct con
tempt of Supreme Court decisions on the
subject.
It seems to me that an net wherein
Boards of Education of counties or of
cities, or Hoards of Trustees of school
districts, are permitted in their own dis
cretion as to the appropriation of, or any
part of deducted school teachers' salaries
to ■ private fund, and that the Board of
Education of San Francisco, the only
consolidated city and county, are directed
to appropriate monthly at least one-half
Of such deductions, "Is wide open" to the
challenge of being special legislation, nnd
T therefore return the demands and will
keep the "old consolidation act" combina
tion on the lock of the treasury contain
ing the school fund until better advised
as to the power of the Board of Educa
tion to bo appropriate the school moneys.
SID KELLETT AGAIN.
He Is Arrested for havlrjg Bur
glars' Tools in His Possession.
Sidney Kellett, the ex-messen^er boy
and convict**! burglar, is again in trouble
and from all indications there will be
complications If an effort Is made to re
lease him on bonds. The police are deter
mined to punish him as much as possible
and any bond offered for his release will
have to be gllt-edjred.
Kellett was arrested about two months
a»o by Detective Bilvey and was sen
tenced by Judge Low to one year in the
County Jail, being six months on each
charge of having burglar's tools In his
possession and carrying a concealed wea
NEW TO-DAY.
Fat is absolutely neces-
sary .as an article of diet.
If it is not of the right kind
it may not be digested. Then
the body will not get enough
of it. In this event there
is fat-starvation.
Scott's Emulsion supplies
this needed fat, of the right
kind, in the right quantity,
and in the form already
partly digested.
As a result all the organs
and tissues take on activity,
joe and Si.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT BOWNE, ChemliU,jKew York
_■ NEW TO-DAY. '
*••••• m ♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ HHHHHHHttHHf ♦♦»♦♦♦
• That is the fact we want to con- V^/ JW\^^§r
veu to uour mind when uou are li^l^L^ l^''
examining our mid-week SDecial illlp " '.^^_
Silk offerings. Real, genuine, fWC//^^TT^^kv^^^^sf
stock - taking reductions, for Si^^l^^^^F^
genuinely pleasing garments. mif^^^^^\
""Zll^J^.^^^. .^"'^■■T M.TB !! !t so ha PP ens J ust now that we find our-
ladies' taffeta silk waists, not lined, reduced to $4.75 / selves prepared to offer some exceptionally good
STRIPED, PLAID. CHECK. PLAIN COLORED AND va | • F m broidered Flannpk Thpv am in
black taffeta silk waists, lined throughout, values in nmoroiaerea r-ianneis. i ney are in
reduced to $5.00 widths of 32 inches, in a great manny different
LADIES' TAFFETA SILK PETTICOATS, reduced t0... $4.75 • • . •- r -, c \ or- \
ladies' black brocaded silk dress, skirts, re- designs, at prices ranging from 75 cts, 85 cts,
ducedto - - $7.75 \\ $1.00, $1.15, $1.25, $1.35, $1.50 per yard.
125-127-129-131 KEARNY STREET.
pon. He appealed and Judge Campbell
accepted his bond on appeal, which gave
rise to the movement to test the consti
tutionality of the court.
On the present occasion Kellett and his
chum. Frank Mitchell, were arrested by
Pollceman Thompson on Twelfth and
Howard streets. The policeman saw
them attempting to break into the house
I<i Mission street and followed them till
he arrested them. Mitchell had a "jim
my" in his pocket when searched and
Kellett a skeleton key. They were
charged with having burglars' tools in
their possession.
United States Grand Jury Indlctrneots.
The T T nlted States Grand Jury yesterday
Indicted Arthur Wilson for robbing the
mails in Sacramento city about a month
ago. The Jury ignored the charge a gainst
C. Marino of Fresno, who was charged
with sending an indecent postal card
through the mails.
A Sovereign Remedy.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. 1 dose will atop
cough; never fails; 25c; all (Jrugglsta. •
Clerk, riealey 111.
H. B. Healey. clerk to the Police Com
missioners, is seriously ill at his resi
dence, 1612 Mission street, from an attack
of pneumonia. He is being attended by
Prs. Keeney and Shumate.
NEW TO-DAY.
WASTE NOT^WANT NOT.
He Who in Youth Outrages the
Laws of Nature Must Repay.
WHEN OTHERS~FAIL, CONSULT
DOCTOR SWEANY.
Established 15 Years
—at —
737 MARKET STREET
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
weak men. Qrpans of the body which
have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are
restored to perfect health and strength
through his new and original system of
treatment. RUPTURE cured by his ruew
method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. Contagi-
ous blood poison in any of Its stages
thoroughly eradicated from the system.
Ladies will receive special attention for
all their many ailments. WRITE if you
cannot call. No charge for advice by
mail. He will also send you a valuable
book, "Guide to Health." free of charge.
Address F. L. SWEANY. M. D.. 737 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. Cal.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
'"foundry and furnace coke.
I have on hand a large Quantity of San
Francisco Coke, superior to anthracite ' for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke Is
made from the best Wall send coal, and can
recommend It to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Back to t Shipload.
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLICITED.
tvi.it DR. JORDAN'S —*
riifa Museum of Anatomy
fmk \ 1061 1U221ET ST. bet. 6tk *7%3. p. :iu
m X 0 The L»rf*»lofll»kio<llB tie World.
T m \ DR. — Private Diseases.
! Con.aUaUon tnt. YTrUm Ibr teok •
?\ Philosophy of Marriage.
ft L MAILED FRCC.
Baja California
DAMI ANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific . tonic
for the sexual ' and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great - Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Us own
Merits; no long- winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
. 121 Markat Street. S. F.— iSend lor Circular.! .
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
#2i£OIANOLB COTTLOB a CS ttsstis &««***»
c;! j ™" u / o ori rr i e ; . hts
LAST TIME OX SATURDAY NIGHT.
WILLIE COLLIER,
In the Most Amusing Comedy Extant
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO."
EXTRA!
Sale of seats for Edwin E. Rice's Superb
Spectacle,
THE GIRL FROM PARIS
OPENS TO-MORROW MORNING. -
$a£tforitta effiuztrt
fRI£OIAND£» GOTTIOB &C» ustut anuutat
■ Telephone Main 1731.
Music and Melody, Laughter and Sport are
mixed In mad confusion In
COURTED INTO COURT!
Rich and Harris' Big Comedy Production,
presented by Marie Dressier. John C. Rice
and twenty other farceurs of fame.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Coming— "WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Khkling. Proprietor i Manager
TO-NIGHT— HIT
The Musical Event of the Season.
The Romantic Comic Opera,
BRIAN BORU.
A story of Ireland many hundred years ago.
Great Cast. , -
Special Scenery. Correct Costumes.
Appropriate Accessories.
Enlarged Chorus Augmented Orchestra.
"The Harp That Once Thro' Taras Halls."
Soul-Stirring Ensembles and Finales.
Popular Prices 25c ar)d 50c
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Magnificent Presentation of the Great War
Drama,
"THE BLUE AND THE GRAY!"
Beautiful Patriotic Scenes and Tableaux. The
Acme Quartet In War and Camp Songs. A
Strong Cast, New . Scenic and Mechanical
Effects. A thrilling story of the struggle for
the Union.
Evening prices — !oc. Isc and 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Wednesday Evening-, January 19. by request,
will be produced the successful operetta
"ALEXASDKE," Crown Prince of Jerusa-
lem. Box Office open dally from It) a. m. to SP. M.
A Massachusetts chemist, who had been longf wedded to tobacco,
had palpitation of the heart, and concluded that smoking caused it. He
gave up tobacco, but the heart trouble continued, and proved finally
to be a result of acute dyspepsia. His knowledge of chemistry led
him to take
• RIPANS TABULES
and quick relief followed. The distress at his heart ceased. The long-
ing for tobacco also left him. Now he is a well man, free from both the
tobacco habit and dyspepsia.
RIPANS TABULES
oe-rer fail to cure stomach troubles where a cure is possible.. They are •
proren remedy. Every one who has tried them knows this to be a fact.
U,. — J
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
Matinee To-Day— Wednesday— Jan. 19.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
THE KINABEN-KAPELLE,
40 LITTLE NATDBAL-BORN MUSICIANS.
RICE & ELMER. Comedy Athletes; CAR-
I TER DE HAVEN. Diminutive Comedian; AL-
! MONT & DUMONT, High-class Musical Spe-
i cialists; KNIGHT ASTON. Australian Tenor
Robusto; PROF. GALLANDO. Lightning Clay
I Modeler; PATRICI & CO., and others.
■ ALCAZAR Scots h * Phon «
<*"*■*-<>"' i-\^-rfjf-lr\ Main 254.
"HAVE HIT 'EM AGAIN.
. THE DOUBLE BILL A SUCCESS.
At B:ls— Paulding's Drama In One Act.
'' .A. MA.2STS LOVE ! »
At 9 Sharp— Boucicault's Roaring Farce,
FORBIDDEN FRUIT."
Matinee Saturday.
Next Week— "The Arabian Nights."
JUBILEE MATINEE— MONDAY.
week days are the BEST DAYS TO SEE
chiquitaT^
Cuba's Atom. The Smallest Woman on Earth
She Is Positively the
MfIRVEL OF THE AGE •
Dally Receptions at the CHUTES
Afternoon and Evening, RAIN .OR SHINE
10c to all. Including Vaudeville; Children. Be.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
| CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
I Winter Meeting, 13'J7-9S, Beginning MONDAY
January 10 to January 22, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY. TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
FIVE OR MORE RACES H DAT.
RACES BTART AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.-
Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 M.
and 12:30. 1:00, 1:30, 2:00. 2:30 and 3 P. M.*
connecting with trains stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
I Mound. - .
Returning— Trains leave the Vrack at 4:15
and 4:45 P. M., and immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS R., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK,
Howard St., between Third and Fourth.
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions.
ORCHESTRA MUSIC.
Open dally from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m. ; 2 to 4:89
| p. m.; 7 to 10 p. m. General Admission. 10c;
Gents' Skates, 15c; Ladles' Skates, Free.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Stiver declined.
Wheat unchanged. Freights weak.
Barley and Oats firm. Corn higher.
Rye steady.
Borne change in Mlllßtuffs.
Bran and Middlings advanced. Hay steady.
Beans quiet but firm.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables firm.
Butter lower. Eggs easy. Cheese un
changed.-
More Eastern Poultry In-
Game slow and weak.
Oranges weak and dull. Apples plentiful.
Lime? well cleaned up.
Prunes tending upward again.
Provisions selling fairly.
More Inquiry for Hops. Wool and Hides
Quiet.
Hogs advanced. Beef and Mutton un- ;
changed.
Oils the same.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
The general stock of money in the United
States on the Ist of January is reported by
Treasury officials at $2,334,349,455. of which
1 SU was in Government vaults and the
balance in circulation in the following ,
mts:
Gold coin % 647,568,360 j
Silver dollars 61.4 M.073
Small silver 60.720.30S
Gold certificates 36.557.6b9
Stiver certificates 376,695,592
Treasury notes of 1890 103.443.936
United States notes 262.45U.!»27
Currency certificates 43.315,000
National Bank notes 223.527.755
Total $1,721,100,640
January 1, 1896 1,650.223,400
Increase ....: .-...$ 70,877,240
The increase for 1897 embraces nearly $30.
000,000 In gold coin, about $8,000,000 in silver
dollars, $3,600,000 in small silver. J20.0n0,000 in
silver certificates. $19, 300.000 in Treasury notes.
$1,100,000 in United States notes and $2,500,000
In National Bank notes. There was a decrease
of li.SOO.OM in gold certificates and $7,000,000 in
currency certificates.
EXPORTS OF SALMON.
Exports of Salmon from this port in 1897
■were 789.2F.2 cas»s and 17,061 packages, valued
at 5". 338.300, against 707,900 cases and 10,700
packages at $8,027,000 in 1896.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
Exports of Lumber from this port in 1897
were 26,079,000 feet, valued at $533,000, against
■ ■ it $ 600 In 1886.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files v.-ith the wind. The top fig
ures at Ftati-in indicate maximum temperature
fen the days; those underneath It, if any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and hur.irpith? .luring the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or t nne^t points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
bun. metric pressure an'i is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
-•■ssure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
San Francisco. CM., Jan. 1«. ISM, E p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past !
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to i
date, as compared with those of the same date !
last season:
Past This lAst
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.10 17.50 2.88 '
Red Bluff 0.00 6.58 12.07;
Pncramer.to 0.00 5.22 7.19!
Pan Francisco O. f io K.iy» 11.14
Fresno 0.00 2.28 I.M
San Luis Ohispo 0.00 2.52 9.75
Los Angeles O.no 3.75 8.44
Pan Diego n.OO 3 14 6 99
Yuma 0.00 1.06 4.7?
San Francisco data: Maximum, 52: mini
mum, 42: ra?nn. 4"
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An ar<>a of hicrh pressure is central this even-
In? in Utah and in Nevada. The lowest pres- I
pure is reported from Puget Pound. To the
north of this latter section a moderate storm
Is now central. Rain has fallen to-day as far
sooth a? <~ar"» Ifendocino and eastward
throughout Washington. The greater portion
of this st"rm will move eastward along the
Canadian border to-night. A slight secondary !
depression, however, is apparently centra! near
Eureka, which will probably move southeast
through California and will cause rain to- !
nleht and Wednesday forenoon in the northern
nortloß of this State.
Forcfll st made at Ran Francisco for thirty |
hours, ending midnight. January 13. 1593:
Northern California-Occasional rain to-night !
and Wednesday, ending during Wednesday:
wind shifting to westerly.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; heavy
frost to-night; light northerly wind.
Nevada--Lisrht snow In north portion; fair in
south portion Wednesday.
Utah— Light snow In north portion; fair In
south portion Wednesday; warmer.
Arizona- -Fair Wednesday.
Pun Francisco ;inc] vicinity— Light rain to
night and Wednesday morning, followed by fair
Is, generally westerly.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
ot E p. m.— Clear, northwest wind, 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 42; maximum. 50 degrees.
W. H. TIAMMON.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. IS —Prices were slaught
ered in the afternoon trading on the Stock
Exchange to-day, especially those properties
Including local traction lines, which were most
benefited by the market's buoyancy yesterday.
Prices opened with fractional appreciations in
sympathy with London, which traded moder
ately both ways, but buying slightly more than
they Bold.
Large operators were not very active in
the local market until the late trading. There
appeared to be a general undertone of strength
in the parly transactions, but the temper grad
ually changed and rumor-mongers were not
idle. Among other efforts to depress the mar
ket there was Circulated an unfounded Btory
th.-v the United BtAtM Minister to Spain had
Bought the protection of the British embassy
at Madrid. Realizations of profits by large
interests aided the bear raid, uncovering stop
loes orders, and the market closed at or near
the lowest and very weak.
The Senate Finance Committee's approval of
the decision drclarlng for the payment of Gov
ernment bonds in either gold or silver was used
by trader? an a bear card. The resolution pre
sented in the House in the form of an amend
ment for the recognition of Cuban belligerency
wbs not known until near the closing hour.
In the general list the decline from the high
point ranged from one to two points, but the
net losses in moxt cases were fractional. Easy
money and fa\ arable statements of railway
earnings had little Influence on prices.
Tho bond market was well held, despite the
heavy liquidations in the stock market. The
Isfuos which have been conspicuous In the
dealings of late continued to vibrate very vio
lently. Total sales $3,840,000.
Government bonds showed some hesitancy,
with quotations for the 5s shaded.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 831,200
j ahares. including: Atchlßon preferred. 4332; ,
! Burlington. 20,280; Louisville and Nashville.
UN; Manhattan. 40,340; Metropolitan. 6297; Mlfe
' eouri Pacific. 6100; New York Central. 10,900. !
Northern Pacific, 29.250; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 15.730; Reading. 4150; Rock Island. UK:
St. Paul 17.721 : Southern prefereed, 3223; Union '
i Pacific. 21.620; Union Pacific. Denver and Gulf.
3022; Chicago Great Western. 13.550; Sugar, 54.
733; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 6030.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK. Jan. 18.— The Evening Post's '
London financial cablegram says:
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach's speech at Swan
sea last night, declaring that England would
I have her rights in China even at the cost of
■ war. although approved here, had some effect
: In checking market activity, and except for
Grand Trunks and Americans prices for all
' stocks, Including consols, were generally lower.
The markets, especially mines, were, also ad
versely affected by the Paris flatness. Ameri
cans, after a period of firmness, closed duller.
Germany again bought Northern Pacific, but
sold Canadian Pacific. New York absorbed
N»w York Central. Grand Trunks were boom
ing on largely Increased business. I under-
Btand that Illinois Central hinds have gone
well. The Paris Bourse was flat on the anti-
Semite riots. The Berlin market was steady.
I have reason to believe that the Bank of Ger
many may lower the rate to-morrow to 2 per
cent. I believe that the financial position In
I Vienna, is far from satisfactory. There was ■
, released from the bank to-day £250,000 Japan
i ese money.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehlson 12H Haw Com 314 •
Do pref 29\ St P & Om .. .. 75V* :
Baltimore & Ohio 13 Do pref 148
Canada Pacific .. 87\ Pt P M A M .. . . 121
Canada Southern. 62480 Pac ;'c 20
Cent Pac 11% 6o RilUtjr t\
Ches & Ohio .. .. 21% Do pref 804
Chi & Alton.. .. 166 W Texas & Pacific 114
Chi B & Q .. .. T»4 Union Pacific. .. 80%
Chi B & Q .. .. 99V UPD ft O .. .. 9 !
C C C ft St L .. S3 iWabash 74
Do pref go po pref 184 I
Del & Hudson.. .. 11l | Wheel & L E.. .. 2'\
Del LAW.. .. 151 | Do pref 12% i
Del & Rio 0.. .. 114 1 Express companies .
Do pref 4«V Adams Ex 159
Erie (new) 1414 American Ex.. .. 118
Do Ist pref .... 87 V United States.. ..40
Ft Wayne 169 Wells Fargo .. .. 11J
Gt Nor pref .... 130 ' Miscellaneous..
Hocking Val .... thi. A Cot Oil 21
'■ Illinois Cent .. .. 1064 : Do pref 75
j Lake Erie &W .. 17 iAm'n Spirits .... 74
Do pref 72 Do pref IS
Lake Shore .. ..179 lAm Tobacco .. .. 864 !
Louis & Nash ..56 ' Do pref 113
Manhattan L.. .. 1164 Chicago Gas .. .. '.<6
Met St Ry .. .. 139** Cons Gas 180
Mich eCnt 103 Com Cable Co .. 175
; Minn &StL.. .. 25 Col F & Iron.. .. 244
; Do pref 85 Do pref 70
Mo Pacific .. .. 33V» Gen Electric .. .. 34*4
Mobile <fc Ohio .. 2S Illinois Steel .. .. 4*4
Mo X & T v% Laclede Gas .... 46
Do pref 34% Lead 36
Chi & L & Ind ..9 Do pref It*
Do pref MM Nat Lin Oil .. .. 174 ,
N J Central .. .. 94 iOre Imp Co .. .. 26
I N V Central .... 111%: Pacific Mall .. .. 30%
'■ N V Chi & St L.. i:i\» Pulman Pal .. ..175
Do Ist pref .. .. 65 Silver Certificates 66%
Do 2i! pref .. .. 85% Stand R & T.. .. 3
, Nor West 14 Sugar 1364
No Amer Co .... 44 1 * Do pref 112
1 No Pacific Kit T C * Iron .. .. 24%
Do pref UK I- p Leather .... 6V
Ontario & W .. .. 154 Do pref 63%
Ore R * Nay.. .. 454 v s Rubber .... 15
Or" Short Line .. 21 4 Do pref 634
Plttshurg lttS Wast I'nlon .. .. 904
Reading 21V Reading Ist pref. 50
Rock Island .. .. 594 c & N W 121%
St Louis &SF .. 7% Do pref 165
Do Ist pref .... M% St L& S W .. .. 4
Do M pref .. .. 2:4 Do pref 9%
St Paul >4»« ROW 22
I">o pref 144 l)o pref E6
; Chicago G W.. .. 14%
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4s reg .. 1284 N J C 6s 111% !
Do coup 12<i'i N arollna 65.. .. 125 :
VS 4s 112"* Do 4s '.. ICI
Do coup 114 V. No Pac lsts .. .. 117 W.
Do 2ils 100 Do 3s 621-1
VS 5s reg im; Do 4s 96**
Do 5s coup .. .. 1144 N T C 4 Bt L .. 106?*
District 3 65s .. .. 116 ■ Northwest' n cons 144
Ala class A .. .. 107 Northwest" n cons 114
Do B 107 Do deb 5s .. .. 1174
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 114
Do currency ... 100 O Nay 4s 9514 '
AtchUon 4s .. .. SlVi O S Line 6s t r.. 12. .4
Do adj 4s .. .. 594 O S Line 5s t r .. 17%
Can So 2ds .. .. 109 O Imp lsts tr .. 105
Can Pac lsts .... — Do 5s t r 53
Ch Term S6 Pacific 6s of 95 .. 103>&
C & Ohio 5? .. .. 114 1 Reading 4s .. .. S37*
C ft * D 44s .. 104% R G W lsts .. .. HVi
D & R G lEts .. 1054 S L ft I M Con la S9
D & R O 4s .. .. 90*4 IS L & S F Gen 6s 1164
East Term lsts .. Vi6\ St P Con 140
Erie Gen 4s .. .. 71*4 St P C ft p lsts.. 120»i
F W & D lsts t r 73 ' Do 5s 116
Gen Elec 5s .. .. 1004,5 Caro non-fund.. \i
ICH4- SA 6« .. 105 So Ry 5s 624
Do 245.. 101 Stand R& T 65.. «'
H&T C6b .... 110 Term new set 35.. £8
Do con 6s .. ..105 Tex Pac L G lsts. 100 I
Iwa C lsts 994 Do Re Ids .. .. 30
Kan P Con t r .. I'nion Par lsts .. 10311
X Par Ist DD t r 112 I' PDft G lsts.. 544
La new cons 4s .. 102U Wab Ist 5s .. .. IOSI4 I
L& N Uni 4s .. My Do 21s K2
I MiFßOurl 6s .... 100 W Shore 4s .. .. 109*4
I M X ft T Ms.. .. 64 jVa Centuries .... 70
Do 4s S74i Do deferred.. .. 34
I N" T Cent lsts .. 116 V
MINING STOCKS.
j Chollar IS Ontario I 50 :
I Crown Point .. .. 20 Ophir 60
j Con Cal & Va .. 1 00 ! Plymouth 8
I Deadwood .. .. .. 9" Quicksilver .... 100
j Gould & Curry 30, Do pref .. .. ... 900
I Hale ft Norcross. 1 15 Sierra Nevada .. 60
Homes take 37 00 Standard 1 40
Iron Silver 35 Union Con 80
Mexican 18 Yellow Jacket ... 25
.
BOSTON.
BOSTON. Jan. Atchlson. 124: Bell Tele
phone, 2704; Chicago, Burlington and Qulncy.
99; General Electric. SS; Mexican Central. 6;
• Oregon Short Line. 21%; San Diego, — ; Boston
and Montana, 1524; Butte and Boston. 244.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,542: exports, 19,705. Market firm and fairly
I active on trade brands.
WHEAT— Receipts. 97.125: exports, 93,130.
; Spot, firm; No. 2 red, $1 02. Options opened
firm on bullish cable news and ruled quiet
but firm all day, with few reactions, support
ed by a moderate export inquiry, local cover
ing and small offerings; closed 4®lc net high
er. No. 2 red January. SI 01*431 014, closed
SI 01%; May. 92 13-16-&93 S-16c; closed. 93c.
HOPS— Firm; Pacific Coast. 1895 crop. 4«3Sc;
1896 crop. 7(&9c; 1397 crop. 16«jl!«\
WOOL— Steady; fleece. 27@31c; Texas, H@l7c.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PlGlßON— Warrants, dull at $6 60@6 70.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $10 80 bid and
$11 10 asked.
TlN— Dull; $13 SO bid: $13 85 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet at $3 M bid and $4 asked.
LEAD— DuII at $3 62% bid and $3 67*, asked. !
The firm that fixes the price for miners' and i
smelters' makes the price of lead $3 55.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, net un- '<
changed to 5 points net advance. Sales, 4750
bags, Including March, $5 75@5 80; July. $6; Oc
tober, $6 IS. Spot Coffe— Rio. steady: No. 7
Invoice, 6V4c: No. 7 jobbing, 6%ic; mild, quiet;
Cordova, BH@lsc.
SUGAR— Raw. strong:: fair refining;. 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 tent, 4** c: refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8355 packages; steady;
Western Creamery, 14%520c; Elgins, 20c; fac
tory. ll@lsc.
EOGS— Receipts, 4050 packages; firmer: State
and Pennsylvania, 22@24J4c; Western. 22@24c.
DRIED fruit.
NEW YORK, Jan. California dried fruits
quiet to firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@7<!4c;
prime wire tray, B%c; wood dried, prime, B%c;
choice, S^c; fancy, ■ 9@9Vic.
PRUNES— 3®Bc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, s<g>7'£c: , Moorpark. 9011 c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7@loc; peeled, 12©20 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 18.— Wheat got a good send
off from the early cable news. May was
wanted at from 91%@91Hc at the opening,
against 90 7 4fi91c at the close the previous day.
The Liverpool quotations were advanced %id
per cental overnight, and the reason given for
it comprised several items of considerable im
portance. The poorer crop prospects in India
were mentioned as the chief item. Heavy
rains In Argentina were reported to be unfa
vorable for Wheat and the Continent was said
to be taking the arrived cargoes off coast In
the United Kingdom. London quoted cargoes
on passage and offered S'JMd higher. Paris re
ported uO centimes reduction In the price of
Flour and 10 centimes in Wheat. Minneapolis
and Duluth receipts were 360 cars, against 37S
the week before and 268 the similar day of 1897.
Chicago got 63 cars, two of which were con
tract. Advices from the Northwest were to the
effect that, with splendid roads, farmers were
delivering very little and country elevators
were being gradually emptied by the Induce
ments being offered In the way ofj>remlums
for cash Wheat over futures. •*
Considerable activity was Imparted to the
dealings in the July option by the buying of
that future by Allen Grier against sales for
May. The operation was supposed to represent
the taking In of spreads for a group of St.
Louis speculators. July opened at 81c and was
advanced to S2'»c by the undoing of the St.
Louis spread, and May, which did not get
above 91S®94c, dropped back to 91V' while
July was making the rise. Bradstreet's rei>ort
of the world's visible supply made a decrease
of 1.631,000 bushels east of the Rockies and
SCO. OOO bushels decrease in and afloat for Eu
rope. The reduction on the corresponding week
of last year was 4,000,000 bushels. The market
weakened on that showing of some reduction
in Europe, notwithstanding the diminish in the
world's shipment during the last few weeks.
The Liverpool market closed with some of its
early advance wiped out. and that also helped
to undo the bullish sentiment that had ruled
THE SAST FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1898.
the proceedings up to 12 o'clock. Primary
market receipts were 346.550 bushels, against
205.3K3 the year before. Atlantic seaboard clear
ances of Wheat and Flour were equal to 127.
000 bushels. July sold at 82V4c at the close,
and May, after dropping to 91"4 c, rallied and
closed at 91%«914c. »
Corn was dull and prices late in the day
were inclined to drag. May ranged from 2849
25«4 and closed at 28*,.
Oats kept within a narrow range. The mar
ket was firm early, but reacted later. May
ranged from 23\5j23%c to 23% c anu closed at
23Hc
A good trade was done In Provisions, espe
cially during the morning. Packers were good
buyers.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. f—
January sr; 92V1 92 924
May 91% 91% 914 97%
July 81 82% SI 82%
Corn, No. %—
January .. .. 26%
May : 294 »4 28% 28X4
July 30% 804 29% 29%
Oats, No. 2—
May 23% 23% 234 23%
July 224 224 22 22
Mess pork, per bbl—
January $9 35
May $9 45 19 60 $9 424 9 47%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January $4 70 $4 70 »4 624 $4 65
May ...." 4 774 4 77% 475 475
July 4 85 4 874 4 824 4 82%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January $6 65 '
May :...»4 75 $4 75 $4 72% 476
Cash quotations were aa follows: Flour. I
steadier; No. 2 spring Wheat. 870874 c: No. 3 |
Bprtng wheat. SOlg'Slc; No. 2 red, 924@93c: No. |
: Cora, M%#27c; No. 2 Oats. 23c; No. 2 white, i
f. o. b., 244 c: No. 3 White, f. o. b . 24®24*ic:
No. 2 Rye, 44% c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b., 274®
29c; No. 1 Flax Seed. |1 20© I 24; prime Tim- i
othy Seed, $2 75. Mess Pork, per bbl., $9 35®:
9 40: Lard, per 100 lbs.. $4 66®4 674: Short Ribs,
aides (loose). $4 f.24^4 824; dry Salted Shoul
ders (boxed). 4%i@s<-; Short Clear sides (boxed).
$4 Tf.fio; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 19.
Article* — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11.000 12.000
Wheat, bushels 31,000 12.000
Corn, bushels 217,000 190,000
Oats, bushels 563.000 233,000
Rye. bushels 6.000 S.OOO
Barley, bushels BS.OOO 35,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the Butter
market was steady: Creameries, 14itjl9c;
Dairies. 1 Iff 17c; Cheese, quiet, B#B4c; Eggs,
steady; fresh, 10c
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis 179.520 70.070
Duluth 56.777
Milwaukee 44.200
Chicago 81.600 11.8*2
Toledo 18.671 8.000
St. Louis l6,00i) 70.000
Detroit 8.027 17.089
Kansas City 13..V30 17.000
Totals 843,095 189,021
Tidewater —
Boston 4,462 160
New York „ 97.125 94. 150
Philadelphia 6.556 531
1 Baltimore 12,888
j New Orleans 117.143
Totals 121,061 111. 964
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 60 05 69 05
Closing 60 00 68 95
Flour-
Opening 28 40 27 55
1 Closing 28 85 27 55
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 7 3V 7 1 6 10 6 5
Closing 73% 714 6 104 65*
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 18.— CATTLE— Sales were
mostly below $5. Butchers' and canners" stuff
sold actively at steady prices. Few cows sold
below $2 .10 and choice prime heifers sold
actively at S3 75@4 30. while bulls brought
X .Vi'ai smokers and feeders sold at S3 3*.i?t
4 50. Feeder sales were chiefly at $4 M#t 30.
Calves were steady.
HOGS— Sales were at an extreme range of
%3 60#3 75 for common to prime hogs, the best
lots going at the top price of the season. The
greater part of the offerings crossed the scales
at $3 €o@3 70 and pigs went largely at S3 409
3 60.
SHEEP— Were weaker at $303 SO for a few
common lots up to $4 sOfi4 60 for choice flocks,
fed Western sheep finding buyers at S3 7564 60.
Yearlings sold anywhere from $4 40@5. accord
ing to quality, but iambs were less active and
lower at $4f&4 50 for the commonest to S3 SO®
6 75 for good to prime flocks. Westerns sell
ing as high as 15 ft:..
Receipts— 3600; hogs. 28,000; sheep. 16.
000.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITT, Jan. 18.— CATTLE— Receipts.
official. 8600. Market, steady; stockers. strong:
cows and heifers, active. Texas steers. XS&
4 20, Western steers. $3 SO^ 50. Western cows
and heifers. S2 50jj3 75; native steers. $3 75®
4 M; native c«ws and heifers, J2ft4 25; stock
ers an<l feeders. S3 2S@5; bulls. $2 50®3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, official. 17,i.0<i. Market,
active: good hogs, steady to strong; common.
about steady; bulk of sales. $3 50^3 60; heavies.
S3 4:. "(73 «i; packers. S3 45£?3 624: mixed. S3 45©
3 65; lights. S3 45(83 60; yorkers. S3 55 "?f 3 60;
pigs, S3 :'"Q3 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, official. 3000. Market,
quiet; lambs, weak; lambs, 541?5 60; muttons;
S3 16<JT4 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. IS.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2800.
Market, steady to 10c lower; native beef steers,
$3 70@4 SO: Westerns. $3 60@4 50; Texas steers.
$353 60; cows and heifers. $2 Ss©3 £5; canners.
52 ix 2 Ib; dockers and feeders. $3 1001 55; calves,
MV<: bulls, stags, etc.. $2 2;.fi3 50.
HOGS — Receipts. 8000. Market a shade
stronger; heavy, $3 45©3 65; mixed. $3 50^3 55;
light. *3 5503 60; bulk of sales, $3 4S@3 Co.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3300. Market, steady: fair
to choice natives, $3 75@4 45; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 6064 30; common and stock sheep,
$3@3 So; lambs, $4 EMSJi 50.
1 1 :nver.
DENVER. Jan. IK -CATTLE— Receipts. 300.
Market, steady to firm: beef steers. $3 60({M 15;
cows, $2ft3 50; bulls, stags, etc., $1 76<53; calves,
$4'«.S 7f, : stockers and feeders. $3 65@4.
H"<;s Receipts. 300. Market steady, demand
good; light packers, $3 40@3 55; heavy. $3 35-S
3 45; mixed, $S U,ra3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2«11, In transit. No sales;
no quotations.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. Jan. 18.— The first series of the
Colonial Wool sales for this season opened at
the Wool Exchange to-day with an attendance
of buyers that was large. The catalogues of
fered were small and poor In quality. Compe
tition was spirited, with rross-breds ruling
firm. The Continental representatives wpp
good buyers" of merinos and the home trade
bought cross-breds unhesitatingly. The Amer
ican buyers purchased Queensland greasy. j
Merinos were fully a penny above the last
auctions. A moderate selection of Cape of
Good Hope and Natal wools sold at an advance
of about 5 per cent. The offerings to-day num
bered 7277 bales.
Following are the sales In detail:
New South Wales. 800 bales; scoured, SVid'?
Is 3d; greasy, fi4.«/10V»d.
Queensland. 1600 bales; scoured. Is lVjd®
Is 4d; greasy. 6%@8%d.
Victoria, 300 bales: scoured, 6%d01s 4*4 -
South Australia, 1800 bales; scoured. Is l&d;
greasy. 4%®7Ud.
West Australia, 1300 bales; scoured, 9d@ls;
greasy. 4\ioßd.
New Zealand. 1700 bales; scoured. 6d@ls Slid;
greasy. 6>,4@9V4d.
Cape of Good Hope and ' Natal. 700 bales;
scoured, 7V»d<gls 2d: greasy. s%@7Ud.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's cover
ing the principal points of accumulation indi
cate the following changes In visible supplies
last Saturday, as compared with the preceding
Saturday:
Wheat— United State* and Panada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 1.631.000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, decrease, 300,000 bushels;
world' s supply, total decrease 1.93!. 000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rorkies. increase 2.2K7.00U bushel*.
oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase "69,000 bushels.
Among the larger decreases reported by
Bradstreet's, not given in the official visible
supply, are the falling off of 800.000 bushels of
Wheat at Northwestern Interior elevators, 255.-
CWO bushels at New Orleans, &9.000 bushels at
Oalveston and 40,000 bushels at Chicago private
elevators.
The only important increase reported is that
of 126.000 bushels In points In Manitoba and
Ontario.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 1R. — A stronger tone and more
inquiry-, which Is expected to result In a large
business later, were the features in the Wool
market here this week. Territory Wools are
continuing to attract the most attention, and
as a result the price has hardened, although
as yet nominal quotations have not advanced.
Fleece Wools show a better demand and busi
ness is done on about the basis of quotations.
Australian Wools held stronger in price and
fair purchases are being noted. Quotations:
Territory Wools. Montana fine medium and
nne. 16018 c: scoured, 48®50c; staple. 52®53c-
Utah, Wyoming, etc, fine medium and fine.
15Ql"c; scoured. 48*3 50 c: staple, 62(553c.
Australian, scoured basis, combing, super
fine. HOISBJ combing, good, 65®-6Sc: combing
average. 62@65c; Queensland, combing, 65c.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Jan. 18.— WHEAT— Was a shade
higher to-day. Walla Walla being quoted at
71c and valley and bluestem at 73 l g73Hf-
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. IS. -WHEAT— No. 1 blue
stem. 74c; No. 1 club. 71c.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Jan. 18.— Exchanges, $222, 4 M:
balances, $38,691
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Jan. 18— Concols. 118 13-16; Silver.
26% d: French Rentes. 103.224-
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 18— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California Wheat. 365; cargoes off
coast, flrm. 3<g6d higher: cargoes on passage,
rather flrm, 6d higher; English country- mar
kets, quiet and steady; French country mar
kets, quiet and steady: Liverpool Wheat, No.
1 California, 7s 104d©7s lid; Wheat In Pans,
quiet; Flour in Paris, quiet. Weather In Eng
land, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-16 d.
CLOSE.
CORN— Spot American mixed new. flrm at
3s 4%d: do old. flrm. 3s 4%d; January, steady.
3s 3%d; February, steady, 3s 24d; March,
steady, 3s 2%d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18 —To-day's statement
of the condition of th# treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $239,835,417; gold reserve,
$162. 836. in.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 534
Sterling Cables — * ««
New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphic —
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6*%
Mexican Dollars 4T 474
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— WhiIe 30s Is the ask
! ing figure for Europe, it Is doubtful whether It
i could be obtained, for the tendency is to seek
lower rates. The chartered Wheat fleet in port
] has a registered tonnage of 82.000. against 84.
! 000 tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
I 20,700 tons, against 106.800; on the way to this
1 port. 163.000 tons, against 162.700.
WHEAT— Futures opened higher, but were
I irregular. The spot market was steady and
without change. The shippers are not doing
much at present.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 874
©1 SB% for No. 1. $1 40 for choice and $1 424®
1 45 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 6ooo ctls,
$1 38%; 16.000. $1 3814.
Second Session— May— WOO ctls, $1 88%: SOW.
' $1 3H*. 16.000. $1 384; 10.000. $1 88: 10,000. $1 87%.
I December— 20 W. $1 274; 200". H *?*4-
Regular Morning Session— May— B2,ooo ctls.
i $1 37%.
Afternoon Session— May— l6.ooo ctls. $1 37%:
! 16.0"0, $1 374; 10.000. $1 37%.
BARLEY— Both feed and brewing are flrm
at the recently Improved prices, with a good
demand for the latter. Futuers also show a
1 hardening tendency.
Feed. 924® 96c for dark to good, and 974'c^n
1 for choice: Brewing. $1 10(31 15 for No. 1 and
$1 024@l u5 per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 88V»o; 2000.
88VJc; 2000, Me: 2000. S7\*c.
Regular Morning: Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, SG'ic: 2000,
S7c.
OATS— The market shows no change of con- :
sequence. The feeling Is firm and the demand
satisfactory. ... !
Fancy Feed. $1 20@l 25 per ctl: rood to
choice, ji is®i i7'i; common. »1 1001 12%: •■
Surprise, $i 25',, i 35: Red. II S0«{?l 40; Gray.
$1 12%@l 17H: Milling, $1 074^1 12H: Black,
for seed. $1 35@1 50. Clipped Oats sell at 11$
2 per ton over the raw product.
CORN— The tendency is upward and several
descriptions have advanced.
Small Round Yellow. 97Hci?$l per ctl: Large
Yellow. 97«4ct?$l; 'White. 92Viffr97V4c
— OfferinK! l are limited and the market
is steady at SI 02Vai 05.
BUCKWHEAT— JI 5001 75 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFa
Prices for Flour have not changed for a long
time. Trade is not over-active.
Mlllstuffs show some variation.
• FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extra*.
14 fs®4 65: Bilkers' extras. $4 30{r4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFKS— Prices In sacks are as fol
low, ut-ual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, tS per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 50 per $10":
Rice "Flour. 15.75; Cornmeal, $2 2."i: extra cream
do. $3: Oatmeal. *3 50: Oat Groats. $4. Hom
iny. J3 10«3 30; Buckwheat Flour. $4: Cracked
Wheat, 13 60; Farina, $4 60: Whole Wheat
Flour. H 25: Rolled Oats (bbls>. KQ6 40: In
packs, J4 80@5 20: Pearl Barley. »4; Split Peaa,
$3 50; Green do. $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings are both 60c higher. The
Hay market is steady.'
BRAN— II 9 50-5 : 50.
MIDDLINGS— 81@24 60.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. 121522 per
, ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 128 50829 60
; Jobbing, »30; Cocoanut Cake. $IS©2O; Cotton
seed Meal. $29@30 per ton.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $13 60
016 per ton: Wheat and Oat. H3@ls- Oat,
J12014; Barley, $12313 50: compressed. 113 bO®
!15 60; Alfalfa. $10 50©U 60; stock. »10@ll SO;
Clover. JlG©l2 per ton.
STRA W— 3o#4sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
While trade In Beans is not lively at the
moment the market Is firm and there Is no
disposition to cut prices. Seeds are dull, as
usual.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 »o®3: Small Whites,
2501 40; Large Whites. $1200135: Pinks.
II 80« l •0; Reds. $1 50®l 70; Blackeye. $2 25®
2 60; Butters, $1 40@l 50: Llmas. $1 65@1 75;
Pea. $1 2SOI 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. «3 per ctl: Tellow
Mustard, J2®>s 60; Flax. $1 90^2; Canary Seed.
2Vii&2V per lb; AJfalfa. 336 c; Rape, 2©:%c;
Hemp, 3c; Timothy. 6V-c.
DRIED PEAS— N'lles. *1 25: Green. $1 20©
I 40 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions rule firm, with moderate
stocks. The Simmer Vegetables from the South
are bringing good price*.
Hothouse Cucumbers from San Jose brought
*2 per dozen. •
POTATOES— Early Rose. «o<ff7oc: River Reds,
45®&0c; River Burbanks, 50@65c; Oregon Bur
banks. 60«g90c; . Salinas Burbanks, ThclQSl:
Sweet Potatoes. 60c per ctl for Rivera and
60$ for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes,
2Vi@3c per lb.
"Xl'"'NS- 25@2 60 per ctl: cut Onions.
$1 fw?2 per Bark.
VEGETABLES— Marrowfat Squash. *12@15
per ton; Hubbard Squash. tlo«}\2 per ton; Dried
Peppers, f^c per lb: Dried Okra. 15c; Cab
baite. 60075 c per ctl; Carrots. 25@60c per sack:
Garlic, S63Vic per lb; Asparagus, 12<915c per lb
for small and 20030 c for large.
Los Angeles Green 'Peas, 4®sc: String Beans,
— ; Tomatoes. 40e<?$l: - Green Peppers. 15©20 c
per lb; Summer Squash, 10<glJ4c; Egg Plant,
15(&20c per lb. - .
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern Is In. Local Poul
try Is selling: fairly at about previous prices,
though Turkrys are weak.
Game Is going slowly and the tendency la
downward.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys. Jt^lOc for Gobblers and lO^llc
for Hens: dressed Turkeys, lKul3e per Tb:
Gees*, per pair, JI 2561 75; Ducks, J4g6;
Hens, 13 50^5; Roosters, young. $4j?6: do old.
$3 50@4; Fryers. *4 5005; Broilers. $4 25@4 50
for large and $3®4 for small: Pigeons, $1 50@2
per dozen for young and $1 for. old.
GAME— Quail, per doz. 75c<SU: Mallard.
$2 5001: '"anvanhack. $3@4: Sprig. .$1 2.=>f7l 50;
Teal. 75e@$l: Widgeon. JKffil 25; Small Ducks.
75c©Jl; Gray Geese. $2 2S«|2 60; White, 75c<g?l:
Brant. Jl 2501 BO; Honkers. $4«f4 50; English
Snipe, J2;Jack Snipe. $1; Hare. $1: Rabbits.
$1 25®! 60 for Cottontails and 75c@Jl for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
The North and South are buying their Butter
in the East, hence this market now has to de
pend on Its local , demand, which Is not suffi
cient to keep arrivals cleaned up. and the mar
ket Is accordingly weak. Eggs are also easy.
• BUTTER— '■■■■■
■ Creamery — Fancy Creameries, 2T.(526c: sec
onds. 234i24c. - ,- 'i, ~'
Dairy— to fancy, 22®2Sc; lower grades.
MOnc per IT). "
. Eastern) Butter — Creamery. 22©Me; ladle
packed. I?v,ig2ic per Tb.
CHEESE— mild new. ll@UHc: com
mon to good. 8-8 10 c: Cream Cheddar. 10«llc;
Young America. HV4«ri2V4c: Western. llG12c:
Eastern. i:',«il3U.c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 22@24c per doz: store
Eggs. 19@21c
• DECIDUOUS AND ; CITRUS FRUITS.
Seedling- Oranges are dull and lower. Limes
are well cleaned up. . Lemons are slow. Ap
ples are in large supply and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. $708 per bbl; Coos Bay. $1 60©
2 per box.
Apples, 25@40c per box for common, SOcOfl
for good to choice . and $1 25 for fancy;
Lady Apples. Boc©sl for large boxes.
I CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 ll<&
2 25; Seedlings. 60c®|l; Mandarins, |l@t 50
for large and 65®75c for small boxes; Grape
Fruit, $2 60Q5 per box; Lemons. ;'oc©sl for
common and II 25©2 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. J5 per box: California Limes, in
! small boxes. 50®76c: Bananas, SI 25®2 25 per
| bunch; Pineapples. S3@4 per doien. ;
I DRIED .FRUITS.. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
The Eastern demand for Prunes is steadily
improving and the market Is consequently
firmer. Excepting Apples, the other fruits are
dull and easy. Nuts and Honey are neglected.
Prunes, carload lots. 3%iiS4Vc for 40-50' s. 3*o
3»io for 60-60" s. 2*(t?3^c for 60-70' s, 2%©2* c for
70-MTs, lfc&2V>,c for 80-90's. Hi@l*c for 9u-100s;
Peaches. 364>4c: fancy. 5®SHc: , peeled. 10©
12^c; Apricots, s©6c for Royals and 7©Be for
good to fancy Moorparks; evaporated Apples.
»'4®7c: sun-dried. 4<g4Vsc; black Figs, in sacks.
Stf2'/4c: Plums. 4^©4*c for pitted and l(jri«,c
for unpltted; bleached Plums. b9o%c; Nec
tarines. 4@&c for prime to fancy; Pears. 2ViO
*\~c for quarters and 3@sHc for halves, accord-
Ing to color, etc. ■ .
-RAISINS— New Raisins. . i\&ic for' two
crown. 4c ; for three-crown. : Be for four-crown.
6We for Seedless Sultanas and ■$1 10@l 15 for
London layers; dried Grapes. 2%c. <
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at S@iOc per
lb; Walnuts. 6©6 c for hardshell ; and 6@70
for softshell: Almonds, 24@3Hc for hardshell,
o»6c for softshell and 7C3Bc-for paper-shell;
Peanuts. 4S3Hc for Eastern and 4Vi for Cali
fornia; Pecans, 6%©Sc; Filberts. Bu,©loc; Bra
100. Nuts. S@9c per lb; Cocoanuts. '$4 50®5 per
_ HONEY— New Comb. B©loc for bright and 5©
c for lower grades: new water-white ex
tracted. 4>4©sc; light amber extracted. S«li®4«4c
per lb.
BEESWAX— per tt>.
PROVISIONS.
The old prices still rule. Trade la fair for
the season.
CURED MEATS— B%cper lb for
heavy. 9c for light medium. 10c for light, 10%0
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 10%©llc; California
Hams, 9«9>*:: Mess Beef, $8 60 per bbl: extra
mess do, $9 50; family do. $11©12; salt Pork.
$838 K>: extra prime Pork, $9 50; extra clear.
$16: mess. $14 50: Smoked Beef. llH©l2V4e per
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 6%e per lb
for compound and 6c for pure; palls. 7c: Cali
fornia tierces. Be per Ib for compound and *o
for pure: half-bbls, 6«4c; 10-lb tins, 7c; do 5-lb.
7Hc per lb.
COTTOLINE-Tirrces. s%«r«He: packages.
less than 400 lbs— l-Ib palls. M In a case. B%c:
3-Tb palls. 20 In a ense. S^4c; 5-Tb palls. 12 In a
case. RVic: 10-lb palls. 6 in a case. BHc. 50-Ib
tins, one or two in a case. "He: wooden buck
ets. ?n rbs net. T>:r: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7Hc;
half-bbls. about 110 lbs. 7%c per tb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPB.
The course of the London sales, which were
held yesterday, will have more or less bearing
on the market for Wool, which is steady.
Hops are meeting with more inquiry, but the
cheaper grades are preferred. Hides are quiet
but firm.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
*V. lc under *ound stock. Heavy salted steers.
106i(H4c per Ib; medium. • 9c; light, 9c; Cow
hides. 9©94 c; Stags. 6c: salted Kip. 10c: Calf.
lie: dry Hides. lBe: culls and brands. 13c: dry
Kip and Veal. 14@15c; dry Calf. ISS2Oc; culls,
16@17c: Goatskins.. 20<337%c each: Kids, 5©10o:
Deerskins, good summer. 26®30c per lb: me
dium. Me: winter. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings.
20030 c each: short wool. 40@70c each; medium,
<O*?SOc: lons wools. 9flclr*l 30 each.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 3@3^e per Ib: No.
2. 2<f?2Wc: refined. Be: Grease, 2@2*4c
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties—free. 10©
He: do defective. MXSJIIe: San Joaqutn. defec
tive. 7@9c; Southern Mountain, 9011 c: free
Northern. 12013 c: do defective. 9®Uc: Hum
boidt and Mendoclno, I.WIKc; Eastern Oregon.
901Sc: Valley Oregon. 16©l*c.
HOPS— OId crop. 2*Mc for poor to fair and I
©10c for good: new crop. 11® 15c per lb.
.:'.' GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 1898 delivery.
6%«?5%c: Wool Bags. 27@>30c.
COAL— Wellington. $8: New Wellington. *8;
Southfield Wellington. $7 50; < Seattle. $5 50:
Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay, V $6 75; Wallsend. $7 00;
Cumberland. $14 CO in bulk and $16 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. *15; Cannel, $9
per ton; Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley. $7 60; Coke, 513 per ton In bulk and
$15 in sacks.
CORDAGE — Prices are as follows: Ma
nila— IVi-lnch. 6%c; 12-thread. 7^c; 6 and 3
thread. 7%c: bale rope, 6»i@7Vic. Sisal—ltf
inch. C%c; 12-thread, 6Vic; 6 and 9 thread, 6%0;
bale rope. 6%@6>«;c.
CANNFI. i-f.U lTS— Prices for th.- 1«97 pack
are as follows: Black Cherries. $1 25©1 50-
White Cherries. $1 2501 75; Peaches and Pears.
90c<g$l 10: Apricots, 60©90 c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— 70c@$l 25;
Tomatoes, 75c.
COFFEE—
Costa Rica— l7©lßHc norn for prime washed
(none here) ; lo'g'lßc norn for good washed (none
here) ; 17@17^c norn for - good peaberry (none
here); 13<iill%e for good to prime; 10@12c for
good mixed with black beans: 9^j®lH4o for
; fair: s l,»@BHcl ,»@BHc for common to ordinary. •
Salvador — 145j16c for good to prime washed:
12©13Vic for fair washed: ibj*l7c for good to
prime washed i>eaberry: 10%@ll>4c for superior
unwashed; 10c for good green unwashed: 9%
4/ 10 c for good bleached unwashed; 14@15c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Nicaragua — lOigllc for good to superior un
washed; 13c for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l7@lßHc for prime
to fancy washed (new crop): 15@16^c for good '■
to strictly good washed (new crop); 10>4@13c
for fair washed (old crop); 7*4@10%c for me- i
| 'Hum «old crop); sH@7c for ordinary (old crop); I
3%35VJc for Inferior to common (old crop); 16c
for good washed peaberry (old crop); 14c for
good unwashed peaberry (old crop). 10@llo
■ for pood to superior unwashed (old crop).
PACIFIC CODFISH— The Union Fish Com
pany quoted as follows: Bundles, per lb. 3Hc;
cases, selected, per rb, ■ 4>nc: cases, imitation
Eastern, per It). 4\c; boneless, per lb. Be;
strips. Norway, per Ih. CC 1 4 c; strips. Narrow
Gauge, per lb. 6%ic; strips. Silver King, per lb.
6\ic; blocks. Clipper, per tb. 6c: blocks. Ori
ental, per lb. 6»ic: blocks. Seabright. per lb.
«%c: tablets. Crown Brand, per lb. 7»4c: mid
dles. Golden State, per tb. 6%c; middles. White
Seal, per do». (Me; desiccated. Gilt Edge, per
doz. SOc: pickled cod. barrels, each. $8; pickled
cod. half barrels, each. $4 50.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c: i
bbl*. 90c per eat (manufacturers' rates); Lin- '
seed OH, in bbls, boiled. 53c; do raw, 51c;
cases So more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
bbls, He; No. 1, 4Sc: cases. 5c more: China
Nut. 47«55c per gal; Neatsfoot Oil. bbls. 60c;
cases. 65c; No. 1. bhls. 50c: cases. 55c: Sperm,
crude COc: natural white, 80c; bleached do. 85c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40c; bleached do. 45c;
Pacific Rubber mixed Paints, white and house
colors. $1 rr,<iTi 35 per gallon; wagon colors. $2®
2 25 per gallon. •
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ETC. — The
Standard Oil Company quotes as: follows:
Water-white Coal Oil. In bulk. 10c: Pearl OH,
In cases. U.Uc: Astral do. 15Uc: Star do. l.">Hc;
Extra Star OH, cases, 194 c: Elaine, do, 20i,c:
Eocene do. IT^c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline in
bulk, lie; do in cases. 16Vjc: 63 deg Deodorized
Naphtha, in bulk. lOVic; 63 deg do. in cases
15% c; S6 deg. Gasoline, In bulk. 20c: 86 deg. do.
In case?. 25c per gallon.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6#7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 52c: In iron barrels,
: 47c: in wooden barrels. 4!>c per gallon. i
LUOOL— Boiled, bblß, 43c: do cases, 48c; raw.
bbls. 41c: do cases. 46c per gallon.
CANDLES— Standard Oil Co. quotes
as follows: Electric Light— 6' 16 ox. 7\ic; 14
oz. 6<^c: 12 oz. 12>4c; 10 oz. 4V*c. Granites— €'s
Paraffine Wax Candles— -l's, 2's, 4's, 6's and
12' s. white, 7Uc: colored,- S\ic
LEATHER— Harness, heavy, 30@35c per lb;
: do medium, 2Sc; do light, 26(5'27c; rough Leath
er. 22023 c; Kips. $40(343 per dozen: Calf. 90c(S$l
! per lb: rough splits. 7@Sc: belt-knife splits. 10©
: 12c; Collar Leather, black. 10@12c per foot:
do russet, 106 12 c; Skirting Leather. SOS 33c per
lb. .
GAR— The Western Sugar R»flnerr Com
pany quotes terms net : cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6 tic: Powdered, fi^c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' A. E\c: Mag
nolia A. s?ic: Extra C. hV*c: Golden C. 6%c:
. Candy Granulated, 5 T 4c: California A. 8H« per
lb: half-bbls V»c more than barrels, and boxes
He more. •
WOOD. LUMBER. ETC.
Posts. S<3loo each for No. 1 and BriffGc f or
No. !: Redwood. J5 per cord; Oak. rough.
J6 CO; peeled. $9; Pine, J5 75.
M'MBEH- Retail prices are nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes. JtKyH for No. 1
and $9 MHfHI for No. 2: extra sizes higher. Red
wood— $14017 for No. 1 and *11^12 50 for No. 2.
I.ath 4 feet. Jl It#l SO: Pickets. $lfi: shingles.
Jl 23 for common and $2 23 for fancy: Rustic.
$19tm: shake*. $«
PAX ntANCIBCX) MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are doing better again. The other
kinds are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6H@7c; second do. SHO
6c: third do. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL- Lar«re. 6@6c: small. 6®7c per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers. 607 c; ewes. 8c per Tb. .
LAMB— Spring, nominal.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3'404c for large and
3%<f?3V4c for small and 3%5?3%c for medium;
soft Hogs. T^i^SZ^c: dressed do. s®6c per !.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, January 18.
Flour, qr sks ... 3.?SS'Hops. bales .... 23
Wheat, ctls l.fiso Wine, gals .. .. 54.500
Barley, ctls .. .. 2.105 Brandy, gals.. .. 4.1.=.f>
Corn, ctls 160 Lime, bbls .... 162
Rye. ctls 950 Quicksilver, flsks 105
Cheese. ctl« .. .. 7 RaMns. bxs.. .. 2,400
Butter, ctls .... 120 Leather, rolls. .. 34
Beans, sks 156 Eggs, doz 3,3«i0
Potatoes, sks .. 6.241 Pelts, bdls .... 220
Onions, sks .... 31 Hides, No 1.847
Hay, tons 347
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 7.o7S|Oats. ctl«.. .. .. 1,530
Wheat, ctls .. .. 14.263 !
THE STOCK MARKET.
The few changes In mining stocks were In
the direction of lower prices.
The Challenge assessment falls delinquent
in office to-day.
At a meeting of the stockholders of the Cal
ifornia Insurance Company 4286 shares out of
6000 were represented, and the following were
elected directors: S. C. Blgelow. M. A. Newell.
John Bermingham, John R. Bpring, Daniel
Meyer, A. Herman. W. J. Bryan, C. J. Okeil
and L. L. Bromwell.
The regular quarterly dividend of the Alaska
Treadwell Mining Company has been declared,
payable on the 2Sth. The amount is 37Hc per
•hare, or $75,000.
The Homestake Mining Company will pay
the usual dividend of 25c p«r share on the 23th.
The usual 3 per cent quarterly dividend of
the Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has
been declared, payable immediately.
The 40c monthly dividend of the Hutchinson
Plantation Company will be paid on the 20th.
Ix>cal securities are as active as mining
stocks are dull. There is a steady demand
for this claBS of stocks and brokers report
holders unwilling to sell unless at good profits
The sugar stocks are particularly strong and
in favor, as will be seen by the list of sales.
The annual meeting of the Sierra Nevada
Mining Company will be held to-day.
The Ontario Silver Mining Company has re
elected the old directors and officers for 1898,
iwith F. G. Drum as secretary.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Lighting
Company will be held to-day.
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
iDettnqntl
Compaxy. No. Amt. in the Sale Day
I Board, i
to.". JO 05 ..Jan 2j . Jan 24
a 58 10 Jan 8 Jan 28
lon 55 15 Jan ci.Jan 31
tidental 10 Jan 7 ..Feb 9
illenre W i 10 Jan 16 .Feo 1
llion 51 j 06 'Jan 17 . Feb 12
age 94 i 20  Feb 61. Feb 29
xican — 56 ; 16 i . Feb (> Mar 3
>llar 45 ! JO I. Feb 8 Mar 8
BQARD SALES.
Following were the rales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session — 9:30.
200 Alta 13 2M> Ophlr 63 '■
2GO Best & Belcher. 44 200 Overman 09
100 Con Cal & Va..l 10 300 Potosi 30
150 Confidence 75 300 Union Con« .... 33 i
100 Crown Point ... 23 200 Tel Jacket 29
300 Gould & Curry-. 81
Afternoon Session— 2 :JO.
100 Alpha 07; 60 Ophlr 63 i
100 Best & Belcher. 44 3RO Sierra Nevada . 57 j
50 Con Cal * Va ..1 15 100 Yellow Jacket . 30 |
100 Kentuck 06 200 29 |
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock !
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
800 Andes 11 300 Mexican 20 j
300 Belcher 34 200 Ophir 53 i
SOO 35,500 Overman 10 j
200 Best & Belcher. 44 500 09 j
300 1tt.200 Savage 17 '
200 Con Cal & Va.l 07HJ100 Sierra Nevada.. 56
150 CT Point 33|400 Union Con .. .. S4 .
150 34 500 Utah OS
M Hale & Norcros.l 236 00 Yellow Jacket . 30
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 86 500 34
200 Challenge Con.. 23 500 Mexican 30 I
350 Con Cal St Va. 1H ' 450 Overman 0:>
200 Gould & Curry- ■ 31 800 Savage 17 j
400 Hale & Xorcrss.l 25,550 Sierra Nevada.. 6S
100 Justice 83 150 Yellow Jacket.. SO |
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 18. 12 m.
Alpha Con .. .. 06 07 Julia 01 02 !
Alta IS 14 Justice 84 35 ,
Andes 11 — Kentuck 04 0G :
Belcher 84 86 Mexican 20 21 j
Fenton Con .. 29 ..Occidental .. ..1 45 — i
Best & Belcher 45 46 Ophir 53 64 I
Bullion 08 09' Overman 09 10 >
Caledonia .. .. 15 18 1 Potosi 30 S2
Chollar 20 22 Savage 15 16 !
Con Cal & Va.l 10 115 Seg Belcher ..06 07
Challenge Con. S8 29 Scorpion — 06
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 6S 59
Confidence .... — 77 Silver Hill 03 05
Crown Point .. 23 25 Standard 150 —
Con New York. — 02 ' Union Con .... 34 35 j
Eureka Con ... 25 — 'Utah OS 09
Ckmld & Curry. 81 82 Yellow Jacket. 28 29
Hale & Norcrs.l 20 1 25, Yellow Jacket. 29 31 j
6TOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Jan. 18. 2 p. m.
Bid. Asked Bid. Asked !
U 8 uonds— :M E L. Co ... 15^ 16%
4s quar c0up.. 114 115 ft Oakland Ga5... 55% —
4s quar reg..H2 — Pac Gas 1m... 93^9*
4s quar new ..125 — ' Pac LCo 66>£ 57% ,
Miscellaneous— 5 F G & E... 96 95^ |
Cal-st Cab os.U2H — San Fran m. t%\
Cal El L 6s. 1264 — ! Stockton cas. 14% —
C C "Wat 55... 100 101 | Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — »BVs Flrem's Fnd..-197 —
E L & P 65..129 — : Bank Stocks—
F & Ch Ry6s.ll« — 'Anglo-Cal . .. 6«>4 —
Geary -st R ss. :'3!.;102 Bank of Ca1...24«*i —
H C& S 5'i..105 — Cal SD & T.. — 101
L A L Co 65.. — 100 First Nat ....200 210
Do gntd 65.. 99 102 ' Lon P & A. ...12914 —
Market-st 65.. 126 — Mer Exchnge. 12 —
Do Ist M 55. 114 114>4 Nev Nat 8...150 —
NatVln 6s lsts — I<H> j Savings Banks—
NCg Ry 75.. 100 101 Ger S & L..1475 1630
N Ry Cal 65..109%110>6 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55.. 102 — Mutual Say. 35 40
N P C Ry Rs. lo4ft — S F Say U.. 475 —
NPC Ry ss. 99% — S& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55... 104 — (Security Sv. 250 —
Do 2d is 55.. 11 l 112 Union T To. CSO —
Om Ry 6s 128 130 Street Railroad—
P & O Ry 6s.HO 115 California.. ..10314108%
P& CH Rv6s.lO? 110 Geary 40 —
[ Powell-st 6s .118 125 Market-st 53 53Vi
I Reno WL4L.. — 105 Oak SL& H. — —
1 Sac ElecßySs. — 110 Presidio 7 —
SF& N P 55.104%105»i Powder— .
S P of Ar 68.101^102 | California 92ftl07ft
iS P Cal 6b....109M:11''> E Dynamite .. — 90
SPC Ist eg 6s. 96ft100 I Giant Con Co 3S*4 38* i
SPBr 6s 109 ft — Vlgorit 3% 37i3 7 i
S V Wat <55.. 119 ft — ' Miscellaneous—
S V Wat 45. ..102% — A.l Pao AEsn.. ?9 —
Stork Gas 6s. .100 — I Ocr Ld Wks. .100 l.V>
Water— » C & S Co.. 31H 31%
Contra Costa. 54% 60 Hutch S P Co. 43Vt 43U
Mar'n Co 50 — 'Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
, Spring Val ...100%100^ Nat Yin Co .. — 7H
Gas «r Electric— ,' Oc SCo.. .. 34% 35*4
Cent Gaslight. 98^ — j Pac A F Al.. IV* 3
Capital Gas... — — \ Pac Bor C 0... 93 —
I Par Paint Co. 6Vi —
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
15 Bank of California 247 50
20 California-street RR M 8 75
lfwi Kastern Dynamite 85 00
25 Giant Powder Con 38 00
60 do do 38 50
25 do do 38 23
Mi Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 31 62!*
170 Hutchlnson S P Co 43 no
H do do 43 1214
ISO do do 43 25
35 Market-street Railway S3 13
25 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
25 do do cash 15 50
3000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per ct bonds. llo 00
25 Oakland Gas 56 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 95 25
50 S V 'Water 100 25
Street—
soon Northern Ry of Cal 5 per ct bonds.. I^2 «0
1000 N P C RR 5 per ct bonds 100 00
10.000 Omnibus Cable bonds 12S 75
AFTERNOON SESSION.
R0 Alaska Packers' Assoc'n 99 25
50 do do 99 50
IMO Contra Costa Water bonds 100 75
125 Hawaiian (,'onVly & Sugar 31 62H
inn Hutchinsnn S P Co 43 12V&
15 Market-street Railway 53 12>*
inn.) Northern Ry of Cal 6 per ct bonds.. lo9 75
60 Oceanic SS Co 34 75
ISO S F Gas & Electric Co 95 25
100 S F Gaslight 3 25
107 S V Water 100 374
15 do do 100 50
5000 S P Branch Ry bonds 109 25
Street—
5 Fireman" s Fund Ins 200 00
1000 Powell-st RR 6 per ct bonds 120 00
THE ORIGIN OF THE TALLY-HO.
As quaint a mixture of words and
interjectlonal cries as I have met with
is in an old French cyclopedia of 1763,
which gives a minute description of the
hunter's craft and prescribes exactly
what is to be cried to the hounds under
all possible contingencies of the chase.
If the creatures understood grammar
and syntax the language could not be ;
more accurately arranged for their :
ears. Sometimes we have what seems
pure interjectlonal cries. Thus, to en- |
courage the hc-unds to work, the hunts- j
man Is to call to them "Ha halle, halle,
halle!" while to bring them up before
they are uncoupled It is prescribed that
he shall call "Hau, hau!" or "Hau, ta- ;
haut!" and when they are uncoupled
he is to change his cry to "Haul la y la
tayau!" a call which suggests the Nor
man original of the English tally-ho. — '■
Primitive Culture.
. ..--- « ♦ ■
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January. 1898.
Til.
i
W.
.
Th.
Fr.
Sa
Moon'a Phaser
M
©Full Moon,
Jan. 7.
—
—
--
■
I I
4
•
•
| 7 6
-
14 ', 15
!Jl 22' i
|28 29 ;
Ljc-Last Quarter
I'ii. Jan. 15.
«
»
13
17
I 13
19
»
fiii. New Moon,
Vi/ Jan. 21.
I I
28
»
-m First Q\
9 Jan.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrsy.
Tim?s and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Kutrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
| the height of tide U the name at both places.
JANTTARY-18M.
Wednesday, January 19.
Sun rises 7:23
Sets 5:19
Moon rises 5:05 a.m.
t!l^;Feet! ™55 Peet Time Feet " Tlme| Feet
nL W H\V Jl wl H- W 1 .
S!
r. \v
•:
11.3.V 4.6
JH 1
! 0:
I 4.7 '
L. W
I 4:43
H '
2.9, 10:
L w|""
I 5:50 -1.0
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
j hand column and the successive tides of the
i day in the order of occurrence as to time The
! second time column gives the second tide of
I the day. the third time column t^e third tide.
1 and the last or right hand column gives the
i last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height and
then the number given Is subtractlve from the
depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrofrraphlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. «
Navigators are cordlal'v Invited to visit the ▼
office, where complete sets of charts and salf
lng directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latesf
Information can always be obtained regardlir
Itchts. dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at. noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whethe- tne time ball wm
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. \n
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning papers the following
day. W. S- HrOHRS.
Lieutenant. T7. S. N.. in charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, tl. S. N . Mer.
chanta 1 Exchange. San Francisco. January
IS 1898
The time ball on Telegraph Hill wm
dropped exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon
of the 120 th meridian, or exactly at S p tn..
Greenwich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
L Blanchard.. .
"rescent City..
iiistraua
?oob Bay .
Hate or Cai
vlHamette
'olon
forth Fork-
I Oregon ports j
Oroscont. City I
.Honolulu
I Newport
i Portland
! Seattle
: Panama
iHumDoldt
San Dlegro ~
Coos Bay..
Hum&oidt Bay
Departure Bay
;Nanaimo |
Victoria and Pupet Sound |
; Coos Bay !
Coos Bay i i
Yaquina Bay... ,
iTacoma ~
Seattle ~ — -
lOoos Bay -.
: Crescent City
i Mexico
; Portland
i China and Japan . j
:San Dteg-o I
! Jan 18
I Jan 18
Jan Vi
Jan 19
Jan 20
Jan 20
Jan 26
Jan 21
Jan 21
Jan 21
Jan 31
Jan it
I Jan 23
jjan 23
■Jan 28
ijan 28
!Jau 28
)ueen
Empire
'omona
Jrlstol
Junna
Star Puebia.. ..
Ireata
iomer
'resident.
vashtenaw
•royreso
!
Jrarlna
Veeott
m
: <
)r!zaba
Jolumoia
optic
lanta Rosa. . .
Jan
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
I
rATION"!
BAILB.
Norte.. Gray r Hsrbo r ! Jan 19, 12 v Pier 3
ta Rosa San T>iego.... Jan 19, 11 am Pier 11
lanehrd Yaqulnaßay.. Jan 19, 9 am Pier 13
tectlon. Seattle Jan 19. 6 pm Pier J
scent C Crescent City. Jan 21, 8 pm Pier —
s Bay.. Newport Jan ?L y am Pier 11
atllla. .. Vte&PgtSnd J;in 31. 9am Pier 9
nona... Humbldt ßay. Jan 82. 2 pjfjPter 9
« of Cal Portland iJan 23. lv am Pier 24
■en San Diego Jan 23. 11 am ■ Pier 11
itralia.. Honolulu Jan 25. 10 am PM 83
v China* Japan. Jan 25. 1 PM;Pier 11
ncr Newport Jan 2.V 9 am Pier 7
ata Coos Bay |Jan 25.10 am Pier 18
eott Humbldt Bay. Jan 25, 4 pm Pier 18
'Puebla Vie & Pjrt Snd Jan 2fi, 8 am, Pier 0
nmhia iPnrtlann .Tan 2h. 10 AM I Pier 24
umoia. . , i'ortiana : jan as. iv jlm i rrer s«
I
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 18.
Stznr National City, Andresen. ♦« hours frm
San Pedro; ballast, to C A Hooper & Co.
Stmr Protection. Erlckson, 15 hours from
Moss Landing; ballast, to J S Kimball.
Ship Dashing Wave, Colby, 9 days from Ta
coma; lumber, to Hanson & Co. Up river di
rect. •
Br ship Earl of Dunmore, Kay, 138 days firm
Antwerp; mdse, to W R orace & Co.
Bark Levl G Burgess, Tunssren, 11% days
from Tacoma, via Clallam Bay 8 days; 23441
tons coal, to South Prairie Coal Co.
Schr Jennie Thelln, Hansen, 6' day* from
Coos Bay; 165 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lum
ber Co.
Schr Jessie Minor, "Whitney, S days from
Humboldt; 275 M ft lumber, to J R Hanlfy &
, Co.
I Schr Roy Somers. Solland, 7 days from Grays
j Harbor; lumber, to S E Slade Lumber Co.
Schr W H Talbot, Bluhm. 19 days from
! Honolulu; sugar, to J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 18.
Btmr City of Sydney, McLean. Panama, etoj
j P M S S Co.
; Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Cousins, Eureka; GoodaH*
i Perkins & Co.
Ship S P Hitchcock, Gates, Honolulu: Welch
& Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, January It.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield. Tacoma.
Stmr Weeott, Miller, Crescent City.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. ' .
tmr Rival, Johnson, Fort Bragg. ' .«#
Stmr- Pomona, Cousins, . Eureka. *>
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson. , ■ • * _
Stmr Tillamook. Olsen, Fort Brass. fe
Stmr Jennie. Moller, Coqullle River. V
Stmr Columbia, Conway, Astoria. VI
Stmr Arcata, Hughes, Coos Bay.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean. Panama, sta.
Stmr Excelsior, Downing, Seattle.
Ital bark Oriente, Casace. Queenstown.
Schr Ocean Spray, Waldwick, Iversens Land*
ing.
Schr Anna, Erratt, Mahukona.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing. 1
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 13—10 p. m.— Weather
: foggy; wind W; velocity 8 miles.
CHARTERS. '
The Albert, Archer, Transit, "W O Irwln
| and W H Dimond load mdse ■ for Honolulu;
' Lurllne, mdse for Kahului; City of Papeete,
mdse for Tahiti. .
SPOKEN.
Per pilot-boat Bonita— Jan 17— Off the Farah
lones at 2 p m. Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, rota
Nanalmo for San Diego.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The U S Weather Bureau reports 8"W storm
signals ordered along the Oregon and Wash
• ington coast and information signals over ths
! Sound.
LONDON, Jan 18— The schr King Cyrus, fm
I Newcastle, NSW, for Honolulu, put into
Sydney leaking badly below the water Una;
l has been beached.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Jan S— Bark Fres
no, from Honolulu.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 18— Ship Glory oX
the Seas, hence Jan 11 for Nanaimo.
PORT ANGELES— In port Jan 18— Ship Ori
ental, hence Jan 4 for Nanaimo.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Jan 18 — Schr Alic*.
from Eureka.
Sailed Jan IS— Schr Meteor, for Pugret Sound.
Hl'ENEME— Sailed Jan 18— Stmr Laguna,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Tllla
mook, hence Jan 17.
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan 18— Stmr Jewel, for Saa
Pedro.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan IS— Stmr Albton.foc
A*STORIA— Sailed Jan 18— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
EVERETT— SaiIed Jan 18— Bark Merom. for
San Francisco.
CULLAM HAY— In bay Jan IS— Bark Car
rollton, from Nanaimo, for San Francisco;
schr Jas A Campbell, from Port Bla*eley for
Newport: schr R W Bartlett. from Port Blake
ley, for San Pedro; schr Glendale, from Ni>w
Whatcom. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Thrashlt
hence Jan 7. W
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr EmplA>.
hence Jan 15.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 14— Schrs Fan
nie Adele and Maid of Orleans, for San Fran-
POINT REYES— Passed Jan 18— Stmr Mlneo-.
la. from Port Los Angeles for Cnranx.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 18— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Dec 11— Bt
bark Cambrian Princess, from Melbourne, to
load for <»r.-g..n.
QUEEXSTOWN- Arrive*". Jan 16— Br ship
Craigerne, from Oregon . Br bark Invercauld,
hence Sept 17; Br ship Clan Macfarlane. hnce
Sept 12; Ur ship Mp-xwell. hence Sept 18.
Sailed Jan 17— Fr ship Blythawood, for
ANTWERP— SaiIed Jan 15— Br bark Alex
ander Hlack, for Oregon.
PORT PlßlE— Sailed Dec 7— Br ship Annla
Thomas, for Oregon.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Dec 30— Br ship Marlon In
glls, for Oregon.
NKWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Jan 18— Bktn
Robert Sudden, for Kahului.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan 16— Br stmr Mogul,
for Oregon.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan IS — Stmr Taurlo,
for Liverpool.
Arrived Jan 18 — Stmr Bremerhaven, fm Ant-
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Sylva
nla, from Boston.
IMPORTATIONS.
ANTWERP— Per Earl of Dunmorr— 7l99 bars
8176 bdls iron, SSI3 csks cement, K0 ca mineral
water, 110 cs peas, li» ob sardines. SO cs wine.
BO cs fruits, 110 cs olive oil, 110 cs liquors, 90
cs brandy, ICOO cs vermouth, I< t cs ognao 2"0
cs absinthe, 15 cs kirsch water, 1 oa gentian,
134 bbls sulphur of baiytes, 10 oct empty bot
tles, 391 bales empty bottles. 1100 bags sul
phur, 625 bxs soap, 125 cs oil, 5 oct rum, 50 cs
j bitters, 2 bales 375 bdls straw covers, 26 c*
I marble, 3 cs slate pencils, 50 os preserves. 100
drums castor oil. 10 csks vinegar. 108 cs whis
ky. 3 crts crockery. 12 crts capsules, 2 cases
; mdse, 3 bales paper, 5 cs soufters, IB bxs earth.
24 cs stone. 271 bdls wood pulp, 145 pkgs 118 ca
i <7 crts machinery. 19,506 pkgs window g!a?s,
' 9 csks earthenware, 30 tons coke 150 bags talc.
HONOLULU— Per W II Talbot-23,658 bags
I sugar.
CONSIGNEES. b
Per Earl of Dunmore-W R Grace & Co; .T
Taylor; Claus Spreckels: Rank of British
N'.rth America: A Vi s nier; H Huddleston; .1
Catre & Co; W P Fuller & Co; Pascal. Dube
dat & Co: Shea. Bocqueraz & Co; Arner Im
port Co; Chas Oraef & Co; Eisen Vineyard
Co; James de Fremery; Gray & Co; order.
Per W H Talhot— J D Spreckels & Bros Co;
i Williams, Dimond & Co; M S Grlnbsuim.A SCREAM
WAS HEARD
Growing Belief That a
Murder Has Been
Committed.
Evidence Is Now Piling Up in
the Case of Joseph
Raeside.
The State and the Knights May Offer
a Liberal Reward for
Evidence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 18.
The Idea that Joseph Raeside's death
whs the result of suicide or acci
dent is daily growing less acceptable
to the authorities as the evidence piles
up. Governor Budd has expressed his
willingness to offer a reward, and the
Knights Templar may also hold out an
Inducement to any one who has infor
mation to come forward and give It to
the police.
Additional evidence has been obtain
ed, and Coroner Baldwin is more cer
tain than ever that Raesid" came to
his death at the hands of others. De- i
tectlve Denny Holland found a man at
Shell Mound last evening who is posi
tive that he heard a scream on the
track about twenty minutes before the
train passed that killed Raeside or
that passed over him after he had be^n
killed by others. This evidence
strengthens th* theory that Raeside
was sandbagged and robbed before be
ing placed on the track.
One of the main reasons for believ
ing that Raepide was robbed is that no
money was found on him. whereas it
is known that on the day preceding his
death he made a good winning at the
races and was well supplied with
money. Coroner Baldwin is certain
that Raeside was murdered and is anx
fous to see a substantial reward of
fered
Public Administrator Knight filed a
petition to-day to be appointed ad
ministrator of the estate of Joseph
Raeside.
DINED AT A
ROUND TABLE.
Mrs. Hooper Entertains in
Honor of Miss
Oge.
Mrs. Honppr pave a delightful dinner at
the Ocicdental last evening, compliment
ary to Miss Marie n^e of San Rafael. An
elaborate menu was discussed at a table
bripht with choice blossoms, costly sil
ver and delicate flowers.
Mrs Eiooper's guests were: Mrs. Jew
ett, Miss Marie Wells, Miss Marie Oge,
Lieutenant McCully, U- 8. N., Will San
born and Alf (.'lf-ment.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
IB HOTEL.
E S Babcock. Cal |A Hilllon, w&2c. N D I
B ir Cook, Coronado IS Slchel, Portland
B E Veatch. Chicago H W Marky, Seattle
C Blythe, Sa»t Lake fMrs.Dadley. Seattle
Mrs Ely the. Salt Lake Sparks, Reno
M E Mooreneld. N V Mrs Sparks. Reno
J J Metcalf. Chicago IL*land Sparks, Reno
D A Wilklns, Chicago C Sparks, Reno
E Deyo. NY " T Flint Jr. S Job*
Mrs Whitney, Albany A J Herran. Denver
\Y M Whitney &w. 2'J r; Crumley. Denver
.c & »ur»e, Albany G Goodman Jr. Napa |
D Clark. Spokane .T W Minturn. Mlnturn
H E Parkhurst, Ptld'W T Mulr. Portland
L 6 Rosenblatt, Ptld]Mrs Muir, Portland
Fannie H. Rosenblatt. A Anderson, Sulsun
Portland :
GRAND HOTEL.
O Leidlgh, Dayton A N Barron. Boston
Mrs C Locke, Sacto |J H Easterday, Tacom-
Miss Locke, Sacto ,C E Reynolds, Illinois
E C Clark. California ; Mips R Burke, Sacto
W T Beaughan, YrekaiN A Gosliner, Jieedly j
E E McVeagh. VisallaW C Conroy, Auburn
W F Dewey. Toledo X A Conroy, Auburn
J T Grace. Santa Rosa , Mrs W E Peck. Cal
<; A Penniman, San Js:A H Buhne, Eureka
G Rounds. Vallejo ,W Phlllippn, Santa Rs
J J Luehsinger, Vallej C H Greenfield, Cal
n D Metcalf, Oakland R Wyiie, Napa
T Thomsen. Callforniaß H Winshlp, Napa
M Besse, Santa Cms \\V W Carter & w, Fla
E M Mannian. Seattle 3 Touhey, Sacto
J C Mrihi.-m. NY IT V Eaklin. Woodlnd
Dr E L Townsend, Call
LICK HOUSE.
N Bullock, California |Q W Strohl, Napa-
C P Young. NY If X Shadbolt, Chicago
Mrs s M Ward, Truck ,T Hammond, Fresno
B O Van Bokke'.n, Cal T Richards, Sonora
H Todd, Orovllle H E Cobb, New York
I Dannenbaum, Vallejo 1" B Glenn, Chicago
T T Holmberg. Cal .t Hawkes, Napa
E Downing, Visalla D W Davis. Nev City
I) R Cameron. Hanfrd T Temple, Berkeley
C H Taylor. Eugene C II Boswell. Colfax
F C Anderson, ChJcag|J Kuestner & w, Phlla
J B Endert. California H W Myers & w. Or
G A Goodwin* f. B C M Warren, Rochester
Hon J M Willmans.Cal'G F Buck, Stockton
T Regan, San Jose I A Longstreet, Chicago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
T Merrill, Crockett |W R Frue & w, B Jse
Miss M Jones. Oakdle Miss A Suits, S Jose
F Connell, Petaluma E M Gates. Oakland
W E Pettes. Alameda J E Cate, Chicago
E Cassin. Alameda R D Wade. Wash
O Hasle. Salt Lake IB J Edlin. Wash
L Parker, Chicago S Barker, L Angeles
B M Blrdsall. Cal C E Groom. L. Angeles
C L Smythe. L Ang J J McCoy, -- V
0 C Schultze, Dixon iJC Williams, Seattle
A B Cohn, Bt Jo, Mo B J Jones. Seattle
H O'Nell, S Jose J P Moore. Seattle
Miss Neil, S Jose jj O'Donnell. L Angels
C O McCall. Texas W Martin. Montecito
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I San Mateo
J Pchaffer. Wisconsin Miss C Lewis. Victoria
MIM X Smith. .-mm |H A Blake, Fresno
J M Ennls, S Diego W H Lincoln, S Jose
H William*, Reno H Swr-nk, Beatrice
J Alexander, Stockton E A Peterson, 8 Clara
3 A Schroder. S Jose Miss Cutler, Chicago
C B Freeman, Denver Mies a A Clark. Mo
F Marks. NY P Glllis, Paso Robles
P Hansen, Carson City J Dixon. Sacto
M B Jones, Monterey ,R Friedman, Cal
,J J Biydenstein & f, , ;"..;>;
NEW TO-DAY.
~~~C) m a tobacco
If -m cjf Tormentors
>. fX \W <l in living well not living
(n^C^-j Jmlbr^ iIL Throat ' mouth and
\ v 1 t^Wßf t Tt^s. eyes are ruined by tobacco
' "-^— j^BN^^i / ill —the system is generally
vs?Y^j" :^^|^!T\ -y^i / poisoned by it.
• Don't Stop Tobacco
SUDDENLY and rack the nerves. Use the tobacco you require and
take BACO-CURO, (it gently weans). If you do this, strong,
healthy nerves and a clear brain will result.
It will notify you IUS f£f§?| It is the original
when to stop by n J TJ I tUJi Guarantee Hem-
removing the de- HPSPPPEPW e<^- v ' (Money re
sire. Write for W STI |h|W funded if it fails to
Proofs of Cures. j» \(n | j \\m cure.)
50c or $1 boxes, 3 boxes (guaranteed cure) $2.50. i.."
v If your druggist cannot get it, we will send it.
Eureka Chemical and Manufacturing: Co., La Crosse, Wls.
. - REDINGTON * .CO, General Distributor*. : .  . ; .
BOOTH FORCES
ARE ON NETTLES
Ballington and His Father
Have Not Buried the
Hatchet.
There May Be a Renewal of
the War Between Father
and Son.
Volunteers Fear That th« General's
Friends Are Circulating Evil
Reports.
That there is trouble ahead between
i General Booth and the Ballington
Booth factions of that form of relig
ion of which the general is said to be
the founder, there is no longeranyques
tion In the minds of those who know
the situation.
Mutterings of the coming storm may
already be heard by those whose ears
are net dull. There are many signs
Which have a meaning to those who
know the meaning of signs. The air
is full of rumors, and while there is no
open warfare there are muttertngn that
cannot be mistaken. There may be a
rupture by the time General Booth
reaches San Francisco, in two weeks.
In the ranks of the friends of Bal
lington Booth there are thr>se of strong
fot'linss who rnnnot rpsist the tempta
tlon to do a little talking out of school.
Thesi' shake their heads, as much as to
Indicate thut they misnt say something
if th^»y dared. And snme of them do
gay that the old general's schemes for
colonizing the poor were sipnal fail
ures in India. It is also said that he
had financial swamps which were hard
to swim in the United Kingdom, where
his stock is not sellinp at the same
premium it was in the pioneer days.
It is now feared that the friends of
General Booth, though this fear is ex
pressed in the most guarded manner,
will say something or do something by
reason of his coming which will caus-
hard feelings. Fearing that there may
be BOtnething said which will put It in
a bad light, the Ballington Ronth fac
tion of the great religious movement
has taken steps to counteract any dam
aging statements that may be made.
A circular was distributed through
out the city yesterday, bearing the sig
natures of Maud and Ballington Booth,
which' sets forth at length the causes
that led them to leave the army. This
circular states that some of the friends
of General Booth have circulated one
sided reports of the trouble, and that
thppe put the Ballington Booth people
in a bad light.
"If there should be any severe state
ments made by the general's friends,"
said a strong leader of the other faction
yesterday, "'there will of necessity be
many counter statements, and th-=>
whole discussion will be reopened, all
of which we would greatly regret."
FACTORY DISTRICT
VISITED BY FIRE
Miller & Hamilton's Establish
ment Completely Gutted
by Flames.
Adjoining Properties Also Damaged.
Estimated That $13,000 Will
Cover the Loss.
Miller & Hamilton's door and sash fac
tory, 413-4ir> Mission street, and adjoin
ing properties were damaged by fire last
evening to the extent of $15.C»w. The
flames broke out through the roof of the
factory abuut 6:40 o'clock. The glare of
the blaze against th«- sky warned Officer
Hurry ODea, and he turned in an alarm
from box 201. When the department ar
rived the factory, which was a flimsy
frame building, was a seething furnace of
flame and a second alarm was ordered
turned in.
Within a very few minutes after thr«
first alarm was pounded the water tower
was placed near the burning building and
water was about to be turned on tho
flames, when an accident occurred which
delayed matters a few minutes and
whereby several men narrowly escaped
serious injury. A telephone wire snap
ped from the h^at find fell across a trol
ley wire and communicated the current
to the iron tower. As the wire fell across
the trolley it struck Daniel Donovari, one
of the tower operators, on the neck and
knocked him down. His injuries were not
serious, however, and he soon r-jgain^ii
his feet. Beveial other firemen were
shocked and for a time nothing could
be done. Finally Charles Remsche] re
moved the charged wire and the tower
was put in operation.
By this time (he flames hafl communi
cated to <"arl F. Haas' wood and ivory
workn. 417 Mission street, and that build
ins was Boon burning briskly. Henry
Sanders & i'o.'s cooperage establish
ment afljoinine also caupht, but tho
flames were extinguished before it had
been damaged to any >?reat extent. Water
from the tower and several hand nozzles
was kf'jjt playing on tho flames for half
an hour before they showed any signs
Of its effects. In about an hour, however,
the blaze was under control and soon died
out.
The only thin*? that saved the entire
block from destruction was a fire wall
between the door and sash factory and
the Mechanics' mill, which is owned by
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1898.
Wells, Russell Co. The Mechanics' mill
Is a frame building 1 , dry as a tinder ami
filled with extremely inflammable timber,
and had it caught water would have been
of little avail. Chief Sullivan saw such
to be a fact, and he reserved a exeat por
tion of his water to prevent the flames
spreading in that direction, and owing t<>
his Judgment the tiro was confined to a
very s^mall area, considering the nature
of the material of which the buildings
were construe! ed.
It is estimated that HUM will cover
the entire loss. Miller & Hamilton's fac
tory was completely putted, and all the
machinery is a loss. The building, which
was. as were the other damaged build
ings, owned by the Samuel Mover estate,
is ail but a mass of charred timbers and
will not admit of reconstruction. So far
aa known the only insurance on tho dam
aged property is $1000, which is held by
Miller & Hamilton. Insurance com
panies charged 9 per cent for insurance
on property in tho neighborhood of the
fire, and owing to the high rate but few
took out policies, and in consequence the
loss to the owners is almost complete.
Henry Sanders, owner of the damaged
cooperage establishment, died a few days
ago and will be buried to-night. The fire
added greatly to the sorrow of his. rela
tives, but they accepted it stoically and
as a matter of fate.
THEY ARE AGAIN
IN EVIDENCE
The Window-Breakers Plying
Their Vocation in Earn
est.
A Clothier Suffers From an Unex
pected Visit Last Even
' ing. .
The police were notified last evening
that old-time window smashers and
pocket "dippers" bad visited the premi
ses of M. Cohen's clothing store at '_'2s
Sixth street, but were fortunate enough
to have escaped without arrest.
About midnight a crash was hoard in
the neighborhood and Officer Cooney
hurried to the scene. He discovered that
a large plate-glass window, valued at
mo, had been smashed in, presumably
with thi' Idea of stealing some slight ar
ticles, which shows the desperate char
acter of the men.
The proprietor of the store lives up.
stairs, and after hearing the crash ran
downstairs, but his efforts were without
avail, as the culprits had fled. The police
are now investigating the
W.J.MARTIN HAS RESIGNED
FraoK S. Steelc of El Paso Will
Take the Management of the
Western Union Offices.
W. J. Martin, the manaper of the West
ern Union Telegraph offices In San Fran
cisco, lms resigned. His resignation will
tnke place at the end of the pr< s»-nt
month, and the vairu'cy will b»> fillr.i by
Frank S. Bteeto, who for several jrean
occupied a like position in the oflfc
the t. lcgrnjih company at El Paso. Mr.
Murtin will remain in Sun Francisco,
haying accepted a responsible position to
which his business training particularly
tits him. The Xl Paso office which Mr.
Stoclo leaves is one of tho most import
ant on the lines of the Western Union
telegraph system on account of its con
nection with th<> linos of the Mexican
GoTernment's telegraph. Mr. Steele is
an energetic business man. and he en
joys the confidence of his employers to
i>n unlimited extent. He will enter on
his duties here on February L
BASEBALL TOURNAMENT.
The Committee Meets, Disposes of
Surplus and Adjourns Itself
Sine Die.
The committee directing: the California
tMSetfell championship tournament of
Istf met r.t n<>nn yesterday in Mayor
Fhelan's office, the mimln-rs puSQllt !>.-
inpr Messrs. Phelan. Newhall, Prinj; 1 -
McNellL H. J. Crocker, the other mem
ber, was a]
Mr. Prlngle read a letter of thanks to
immlttee from thr> A Char*
ities of Oakland in acknowledgment of
the receipi of 1600 by thai worthy or
ganisation out Of the charity fund iif the
tournament.
chairman Phelan's report of the re
ceipts and disbursements of the charity
LECTURED ON THE KLONDIKE.
John K. Bennett, an Alaska traveler, pave an Illustrated lecture last nlpht at
Metropolitan HaJl on the northern prold tic-Ida and how to reach them. The lec
ture was under the auspl'-es of the Alaska Trade Committee, and the lecturer
will in the next few weeks travel through the States of the middle West under
the direction of the committee telling of the wealth of the frozen north and the
advantages of San Francisco as an outfitting point for miners bound for the
Arctic. The views shown were of the rovjte from this city to Dawson by way of
Dyea or Skaguay and by tho Yukon Kivtr. They illustrated the difficulties that
prospectors bound for the dippings will have to encounter and overcome and the
mode of mining in vopue in the frozen ground.
The lecturer will, in addition to telling his audiences how to get to the Klon
dike and what to do after they pet there, distribute literature in the cities he
visits explaining the ftdraatacea of San Francisco as an outfitting point and
starting place for those on the way north.
Injured by a Horsccar.
Siegfried Werthelmcr," living at 1901 '
Powell street, was knocked down and bad- I
ly Injured "by a horsfo«r of the Union- ;
street; line at the corner of Washington I
and Montgomery streets last evening. He
was taken to the Harbor Receiving Hos- ■
pital by Officer Peßhan, where he was
attended by Drs. Hill and Zabla. Wen- i
fund was accepted and approved. The
report showed a balance on hand of
$IS7 v.\ which was by motion donated to
the Children's Hospital.
After adopting resolutions of thanks to
the several baseball clubs which had par
ticipated in the tournament games and
all who had aided in promoting the inter
ests of the enterprise the committee ad
journed sin" die
FRATERNAL
SOCIETIES.
San Francisco Council, National
Union, Installs New Officers
for This Year.
Pin Francisco Council of the National
Vnion at its last held meeting elected Its
officers for the current term und they
were the same evening installed by Fred
H. Hastings, president of the San Fran
cisco cabinet. The following-named are
the new officers: Dr. A. 11. Millberry,
president; D. O'Connell, vice-president;
H. C Henderson, speaker; D. Curran, ex
president; E. H. Hills, secretary; c. H.
Minn, financial secretary and treasurer;
A. K. Holloway, chaplain; W. Boune,
usher; J. K. Pomeroy, sergeant; E. P.
Murphy, doorkeeper; E. A. Holmes, D. S.
IfcKenna and C. R. Beal, trustees; Dr.
MUlberry, 11. C. Henderson and E. H.
Hills, delegates to the cabinet. After the
installation. President Hastings congratu
lated the council on the selection of its
officers and spoke in an encouraging
strain. He was followed by Deputy J. N.
Bunting, A. E. Holloway and others. The
financial secretary, C. H. Bllnn. present
ed a. detailed account of the affairs of the
council and the newly installed president
delivered a stirring address. This coun
cil will. It is expected, from remarks
made by a number of members, during
the term make an advance that will as
tonish the progressive councils of the or
der.
Golden Gate Parlor.
Golden Gale Parlor No. 29. Native Bons
of the Golden "West gave a grand ball in
Native Bans' Hall last night, and tho hall
was filled to its capacity by brave sonß
and fair daughters of the Golden State
The hall was tastefully decorated with
emblems of the order, streamers of bunt
ing and living plants. There were more
than 2<v> in the grand march, and there
was enjoyment for nil in the Sim pro
gramme of dances. The success of the
affair was the result of the untiring ef
forts of the committee of arrangements,
consisting of Joseph J. Harrington!
Henry C. Pasquale, Julius Biebesheimer
David Wil.='<n and Fred A. Gore.
ORPHEUM CIRCUIT
GOES EASTWARD
Manager Walter Leases a
Large Kansas City
Theater.
Extension of th« Business Will Bring
Grenter Stars to the Far
West.
The Orpheum r>f this city hns enlarged
its drCQlt by taking in Kansas City. N>
rotiatlotu have just l.een closed with th*
well-known Ninth-street Theater hy
which all the Orpbetm attractions here
will appt ;ir there.
Speaking of the matter yesterday. Press
Agent Moore said: "To keep pace with
the times Manager Walter has leased the
Ninth-street Theater at Kansas City. It
will now be regularly on the Orpheum
circuit, along with Los Angeles and Sac
ramento. This simply means that the
time occupied by great stars will be short
ened here. it also means that we shall be
able to get better attractions, for the rea
son that the big stars cannot, oe obtained
for less than about eight weeks. Tlrat Is
usually too long a run, for the biggest of
them wear out a house in that length of
time. Now at least a week will be taken
off from the time of the stars. Every new
house we open cuts off at least a week.
The deal at Kansas City has Just been
concluded."
tgb nothing on the subject has been
rib by thp Orpheum management. It
is undersi 1 that i.ne of the r.-usons for
thp new efforts of Mr. Walter is t'i cut off
any possible competition in tho vaude
ville lin. in this city. It la Renerally un
derstood that every house adiled to the
< ircuit >-'iv«-.« tho manager that much of
an advantage over ull competitors.
hcimer was badly bruised and received
Rome internal Injuries. As he Is quite an
old man bis recovery is doubtful.
/ The Rosy Freshness
/And a velvety softness of the skin is inva-
Irialily obtained by those who use Pozzojti's
JComplextoc Powder.
NOW COMES
THE DIVORCE
Troubles of the Bacons to
Be Brought Up in
Court.
Many Years of Married Life
Have Been Passed in
Quarreling.
The Future Welfare of Six Children
Is Also to Be Legally
Arranged.
Oakland Office San Francisco Can,
908 Broadway. Jan. 18.
Mrs. Mamie C. Bacon has determined
to force matters in the family lltlgra
tlon. She has asked to be divorced
from her husband, Frank P. Bacon,
and charges him wtih desertion and
failure to provide.
The Bacon family troubles have been
In the courts for a long: time, and
clearly show that the various members
of the family were unfitted to dwell to
gether in marital unanimity. The first
time Mr. and Mrs. Bacon went into
court was because of a fight between
them as to how much it should cost to
run the family household. The case
was bitterly contested and all the de
tails nf butcher's bills and candy bills
and all other trifles were aired before
the court and the task was imposed on
the judge of finding out how much a
mother and six children should devour
with normal appetites. During this
trial it was shown that almost from
the wedding day the house had har
bored two people of belligerent natures
rather than a couple dwelling together
in unity.
About five years ago H. D. Bacon, the
father of Frank P., died and left an
estate valued at nearly a million dol
lars. The heirs were his widow, Mrs.
Frank Soule. 'Miss Ella Bacon and the
man now defendant In a divorce suit.
Soon after Bacon's death Frank P. and
his wife separated and she was given
separate maintenance, but little by lit
tle her husband redu«w<l the amount
until she went into court and again the
needs of the wife and her family were
all aired before Judge Ellsworth.
About this time Mrs. Bacon executed
a peculiar movement. Without Inform
ing her husband she dismantled the
Bacon homestead and moved to other
quarters, and when he went to the
house he found It deserted and even
the furnishings and fittings had gone.
Mrs. Bacon declared at the time that
It was necessary for her to rent a
smaller house and try to Increase her
income by leasing the larger one. Up
on her showing In court Bacon was
ordered to pay her $2f)o a month. He
defaulted in this and week after week
orders of examination and similar pro
ceedings added to the family scandal
and the affidavit mill was set to work
until all the secrets of the Bacon
troubles were made putttlc.
Now that a divorce suit is filed some
definite distribution of property must
be decided upon, and should Frank P.
Bacon file a cross complaint the family
difficulties will be delved into more
deeply. _______^^___
figed and Homeless.
Eliza Walker, a simple-minded woman,
SO years of age, was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital last evening, r'or days and
weeks she has been traveling from town
to town In search of alleged daughters,
but her desire has not been satisfied.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, Jan. 18.
Fehr Ootama. rvdrick. 7 days from Coob
Bay: IW.OOO feet lumber to Simpson Lumber
Company.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELET— RaiIed— Jan. 18, bktn W.
R. Hume, for Ran Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived— Trave. New York
for Bremen.
NEW TO-DAY.
HE SENDSJT FREE.
A Never Falling Remedy That
Makes a Man Young Again.
THUS MANLINESS QDICKLf REPLACES THE
WORN OUT NERVES AND VIGOR.
When a man's strength and vigor Is
slowly wasting away from nervous
weakness, the mental forebodings are
ten times worse than the most severe
pain. There is no let up to the mental
suffering day or night. For years the
writer rolled and tossed on the troubled
sea of Nervous Debility, Emissions,
Lame Back and the various other
troubles of Sexual Weakness, until it
was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus
end all his troubles. But providential-
inspiration came to his aid in the shape
of a combination of medicines that
completely restored his general health
and enlarged his weak, emaciated
parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man, young
or old, who will take the trouble to
Bend his name and address may have
Free full particulars of this wonderful
home treatment which quickly restored
me to my full strength and vigor of
youth. Now, when I say free, I mean
absolutely without cost, because I want
every weakened man to get the benefit
of my experience.
There are thousands of men suffering
the mental tortures of weakened man-
hood who would be cured at once could
they but get such a remedy as the one
that cured me. Send for it, and learn
that there are few things on earth,
although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men, and
mean a lifetime of happiness to most
of us. Write to Thomas Slater, 178
Masonic Temple. Kalamazoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a
plain, sealed envelope. '.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqne.
French Line to Havre. '
Company's Pier (new), 4* North _,^»^
River. foot of I 'orton at. Traveler* <2isf?»
by this line avoid both transit by twmm "Hjh
English ■ railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, Ma Paris, first class 1160.
second class 1116. _
LA BRETAGNE ....December XX. 10 a. m.
LA GABCOGNE December 18. 19 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8. 10 a. to
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green. New Tor*.
3 F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. , ;i ..-.
~~ STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 6
- p. m. Daily.
- FREIGHT RECEIVED VjP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and glv.
Ing through freight rates to ail points on tat
Valley Railroad. .. -
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MART OARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone M«ln 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thura. and 5at.....
9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. 19 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Friday 5............. .........1 p. m.. 9 p. m.
Sundays.... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
- Landing and Office*— Mission Dock, Piar t. ■
■ , ,•■ . Telephone -Green M 1..:. . -- ••'/->;•;
NEW TO-DAY.
AN OFFER
SCZODERmSQAP
ByMail ***
on Express.
Your Druggist should
have both. Failing to get them,
send 75 cents for Sozodont or
. $1.00 for both— cash or stamps
—to the Proprietors -
Hall & Ruckel
P. 0. Box 247. New York City
London : 46 Holborn Viaduct, C. C
84 CANCERS CURED
•^^ State of California.
f ■//■ "lCunty of San Fran-
W M J Cisco — Dr. S. R.
I 1 T^.tftMl .J ' 'hamley of ~\'i Mar-
V \ l^H^^^^^^^r kft street personally
1 1 i^E sStaH^ apitear^d before me
J^A yjß| ■Bt^ and swears that he
.P^j23&S)^^^Hß% has cured eighty-four
]f cancers during the
year of 1897. Some
were cure.) free an.l
i .^^fivf^WUt^ others were charged
from $25 to $3'K). ac-
| cording tn size. He
M II alsi> swears that he
I II ~ J V nus refused as many
WS^r more cases, as they
were too far advanced to warrant a cure. He
swears his cash receipts for the year are $3200,
with a balance of over $1000 due. He sends free
a 75-page book on cance.rs and tumors cured
; without knife or pain. No pay until cured,
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D.
1 Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 31st
day of December, 1697. A. J. HENRY,
Notary Public.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ffl~ f^ ja iili~» X X ARK V ST. Established
#•* r^M in 1*54 for the treatment of Private
m.i-fSiJsW i): -" ! <- ' - Lost Manhood. Debility or
dlseasPVi-earingonbodyandniliKlaiid
(JjJH^^^^flß s Kiri Diseases. 'l'he doc torcureswhen
2^H^^^^R others fail. Try him. Charges low.
CoreacnarantFPd. (.rwrit.-.
Dr. .1. K. <.(lIRO>. »ox 1957. 5 an Fr»ucte<-o.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIHC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf >&£*!«
San Francisco, as follows: sb^aS
For ports in Alaska, 9 a. m.. Jan. 1, 6, 11. IS,
21, 26. 81. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9
a. m.. Jan. 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. and every
', fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
! with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at
I Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and cam-
• pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
i mona. 2 p. m., Jan. 1, 5, 10, 14, 18. 22. 28, 3L
Feb. 4, 8, 12. 16. 20. 23. 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
i yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo>. Gavt-
i ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a.m., Jan. 1. 5. 9. 13, 17, 21. 25. 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., Jan. 3, 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 27. 31. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joss del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
ralta and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
2d of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to chang*
. without previous* notice steamers, sailing dates
I and hours of snUlne.
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta,
• 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF *"~ First Class Including Berth
rAnC ,$2.50 2d Class • and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. 13
Columbia an . 13
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS &% Market "^
Superintendents.
SNPnillft SS - AUSTRALIA.
j|l|tll|C fnr HONOLULU only
iriuil* Tuesday, Jan. 25. at
y™V- I r> m- Special party
(&g>r L* A rates
cyttaiiijiiiu Tho v , a honolc-
Cyiumuuii/ atls vta honolu-
(OH103lUh LU an<l ATTf-KT.AND
ViJIIfJUHq for SYDNEY. Thurs-
day. Feb. a. at i p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SFRECKJ2LS & BROS. CO.. Agent*.
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alvlso daily (Saturdays
exceptcd) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c:
to San Jose. 73c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nortb
First street, San Jose.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot 0$ Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. .11:00 a. m.: 13:35.
8:80. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:20. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SA.* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripe
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:48,
6:00. 6:*5 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same . schedule as above.
Leave I tTT^yv.. Arrive
San Francisco. j octT 2 », I San Franclsco -
Week 1 Sun- I nAsUnatlon ! Sun- 1 Wee *
Days. I days. Pe stmau o n d.iya. I daya.
7:Soa.m. 8:00 a.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40a.m"
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. '5 :U»p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:85 p.m. Iti :22p.m.
Fulton. . .
7:80 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Eealdsbur;,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
8:30 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:85 p.m.' 6:32 p.m.
j lUopland and I ~~
7 :50a.m. 1 8 :00 a.m .I Uklah. | 7:Ssp.m. 6 :22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. j 1 10 :25 a.m.
8 :00 a.m. Guernevllle. 7:35 p.m.
3 :80 p.m. I 1 I 6:22 p.m.
7 :80&.m.]3 :00a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m.] B:4oxm.
• . ■ • and ■
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30a.m. |9:00a.m.| oebastcnoL 1 10 : 4 0a.m.j10:25a.m.
3:30p.m.|5:00p.m.| aeoaBtCpo1 ' I 7:35 P .m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Ekaggs Springs; at
Cioverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for
Vichy Si ings. Saratoga &i>!ln:js, Blue Lakes.
Laurel J>ell I.akc, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's Buck-
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Buck-
sell's, Banhedrin Heights. Hullvlile, Boonevllle.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocluo City, Fort
Bragg. Westport, T.'sal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ,
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronic!*
building.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
' Pres. and Gen. Manager. ] Gen. Pass. Art. -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.-- -.— - -
From Ban Francisco, Commencing September
- 19, 13t7.
.WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •9:30.
11:30 a. m. ; *1:46. 3:46, »5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
-■■•■-■ SUNDAYS.'
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •B:oo. *10:00.
•11:50 a. m., •l:15,.S:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS. --
1:36 a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:46 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) fol
Duncan Mills and way • stations: 8:00 a. m.
. Bundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
Auction^Sales.
fe £* Jk*
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
225 TEHAMA STREET.
TO-MORROW.
Thursday Evening January 20,
COMBINATION SALE OF
Thoroughbred Racehorses!
INCLUDING: ■
Imp. Sain. Duke of Norfolk and ten of his
: get; Chappie, Hallelujah. Vanish. Wood-
chopper, E. J. Sherley, Chas. L*» Bel, St.
Phillip. Billy Vice, Metalre, Darechoto and
sons of St. Carlo, and twenty others. •,-■•--
I Catalogues now ready. Address
WK G. LATNO CO..
Live Stock Auctioneers, 313 Bush street.
RECREATION PARK FOR SALE.
The undersigned, as receiver, will sell at
public auction on SATURDAY, the 29th day
of January, IS9B, at 11 o'clock, a. m., at the
premises of Recreation Park, on the northwest
corner of Eighth and Harrison streets, San
Francisco, the following-described- property,
i subject to confirmation of court, to-wit: The
certain lease to the lot of land on which
Recreation Park is located, dated August 14,
1597, being between San Francisco and Pacific
: Sugar Company and Daly & Robinson, with
all the improvements of Recreation Park, con-
sisting of grand stands, bleachers, ticket
booths, etc., together with the personal prop-
erty used in conducting the said Recreation
Park, consisting of chairs, table, tickets,
: ticket boxes and ticket cases, wire, nails, etc.;
also contracts with the Universities of Cali-
i fornia and Stanford for the rental of said
Recreation Park for playing baseball and foot-
ball thereon, one for three Saturdays in March
and April. IS9S, for $350, and another for eight
days in October and November, 189S (including
Thanksgiving day), for $2300. The above will
be sold as a whole. -
TERMS CASH. Grounds open for inspection.
For further particulars apply to the under-
signed at his. office. 217 Sansome street, room 9.
■ CARL. W. KI.FVtNC,. Receiver.
BATT.RQAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN l"4« UK COMPAJfT.
(PACITIO system.)
Tr»lu» ltimr mil Ml due <o nrrlT* at
MAN MtANCISC'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From January 1. 1898. — arkiv
~*C:OOa Ni!, i San Jose and Way Stations... *«:4'sa.
7:OOa Renicia, Suisun and Sacramento I 0:45 a
7:OOa Marysville, OroTilloand Ueddlng »i»
Woodland st4."Sp
7:00 a Vacavillt- and Eumsey 8:43p
7:itOA Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Nap*.
•, Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6>lsp
8»«Oa Atlantio Express, l>gtlcii and Kast.. 8»45p
tt:!tt»A HUM, San .lustt, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Mitrysville, Chlco, "
Tvhama and Red niufT ;.,. 4ii!»i»
•9:30 a Peters, Milton and Oakdale »7ilsp
9:OOa New Orleans i::i>u-r:i, Merced. Ray-
mond, Kresnu, liakerslielil, Santa
lliii'l>:irn, 1.-.3 Angvlcii, Doming,
• ■ ■ F.I l'aso, New Oilesns and East. 6>43p
B:«ei Vallejo. .Martinez, Merced and
Fresno l*:18p
•ItOOp Sacramento liiver Hte.iiiiern "OiOOi"
l:«Op Nils*. San Jose acd Way Btations.. :9:I»a
l:3Op Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
2:VOp Livennors, Mendota, Ilanford and
Visalia 4:13p
LtTermorc, Ban Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations ...•....„ J1O« 15a.
4:OOp Martinez, Hau Itamon, Vallejo,
Napa, ('alistoga, 1,1 Verano and
Httttak Itnsa »ilsa.
■ «tO*p ßenicia, Vacuvillo, AV 00 dl and,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
vill.i mid Sucrutueiito 1O:4»4.
4tBop Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7tl3p
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojavo (for Randsbore),
Santa Barbara and f4m Angelus.. ?i4Ba
4:>«p Santa In Rente, Atlantic Kxpress
for Moj«»e«nd Y.nat «i43r
«fs:3Op " 3unset Lirrnted," Ix» Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East §1 Oil Da
*TBi8«»r " Sucsct Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East §lO:i.Tv
6:ot»i- I'uropcau Mail, Oyilen and Kust.... 0:43 a
O:«Or Ilayvurilß. NiUnaml Nan .lone 7:45\
J8: 00 1- Vallejo ; 47143F
S:OOi' Oregon Kx press, Saonmieuto, Marys*
villo. llu>l<ling, I'urtUml, J'utjet
Sound mid l^tst 8:1»A
SAN 1,1:AM»KO AMI) lIAWVAKDS LOCAL.
( Foot of Market Street.) '
i'6:oo.v "I r ~~f 7JT3A
B:O<>a Jfelrose, Seminary Park, «»»:45a
iHSa FltcUbur ,El«l,«rst/ WAI*
ill:OOA San Leandro, South Ban. ■ l«:l*r
;l *. : ! >0 . > ! ~ leandro.&tudillo, 7 {lu*l
<3:60f Lorenzo, them < «1:4»f
4:<lOp , »5:43p
O:»Op - "--^ ailJ • 0:I3p
Otsop H»)ward». Z ! 1 r>p
7:« Op * K:43f
8«OOp < "Rang through to NUes: ' .tJS*
0:OOp I From Nilei • -- JO:SOp
ttllilspJ tJ " romJl "*»- . ittlg:UOp
COAST DIVISION (Narrow tiaugc).
(Foot of Market Street.)
«:13a Ncirark.Ceiitcrvillc.Hau.luse.FeUoti,
Doulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations jßtS*f)
•SilßrNewar'.;, Centervllle, San .lose. New
Alinadon, I'elton, llouliler Creek,
Santa Crux ami Principal Way
Statioua MOilIO*!
•slip Newark, San .limn and Los Gatos ... 9:20 v
flli43p Uuntera' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7tBot|
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS HUNCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:0(U.M. 1.1:03 *2:00 J3:0fll
•4:00 tB:OO *6:0OlM«. :.:.'.. ;->U
Pr»mO4IUIID— FooI or Broadwijf.— "C:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
tl2:00 »l:00 t2:00 «3:00 tliQO *s:oor.ii^
COAST VISION (Broad (Jange). "
« (Third and Townsend Sta.)
•i33a San Juse nnd Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 6i53a,
9:00 a Hun Jose, Tres l'iuos, S;inta Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Iloblea, San
. I, ills Oliispn. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Wny .Stations 4:18p
lOi4Oa San Jose and Way Stations »8:00.A.
11:3Oa San J»se and Way Stations 8:33 a
*»: Sop San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
. Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister. Santa / Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific (irore # IO:4Oa,
•8:15p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:OOa
•4:15 - San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 1 :»Or
StSOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations . B:3up
6::; or San, lose and Way Stations 7:20p
t!l:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7;aop
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays exce|>ted. * Sundays only, 1 Saturdays only,
H Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•J Mondays and Thursdays. ■ -.. . :-
._ I Wednesdays and Saturdays, _
1,. ■■!■ T CALIFORNIA
I^MH^i LIMITED.
HIijWWiNH SAN FRANCISCO
[j^g^SA^^^jj CHICAGO.
Trains leave from and arrive at .aairltet-
street Ferry.-
San • Francisco Ticket Office— 644 Market St..
Chronicle building. Telephone. Main 1320. Oak-
land Office— lllS Broadway. Sacramento Of-
tice— 2ol J st.
The Best Railway— Francisco to Chicago.
LOOK AT THE TIMH OF THE CALIFORNIA.'
LIMITED.
Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays anil
Thursdays; arrive Kansas City 6.?0 p. m..
Thursdays and Sundays; arrive St. . Louis 7:041
a. m. Fridays and Mondays: arrive Chicago
1:43 a. 111.. Fridays and Mondays.
DINING CARS under Harvey's management.
Buffet Smoking Cars and Pullman Palaca
Sleeping Cars. .
This train carries First-Class Passenger*
only, but no extra charge Is made.
The ATLANTIC EXPRESS, leaving dally at
4:30 p. m.. carries Pullman Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping Cats on fast time. Di-
rect connection in Chicago and Kansas City
tor all points East., • , .
. New rails, new ties, new ballast, new
bridges. The shortest crossing of the desert
and a country that Interests by its varied and
beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pas-
senger equipment and meals at Harvey's fa-
mous dining-rooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQIIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897. trains will nut am
follows: • ■ ■ ■ - :
Southbound. j Northbound.
Passen- I Mixed (,,,.' Mixed 1 Passen-
ger ' Sunday *> a « on 3. Sunday I per
Dally. Exc'p'td Excp'td Daily.
7:20 a.m. 0:00 a.m. Stockton 1 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
" 9:10 a.m.i 12:00 p.m.! Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. ■ Fresno J:3O a.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m.! 5:20 p.m., Ilanford -.:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. C:45p.m.! VisaUa I 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
Stopping at'intermediate points when required.
~ Connections— ■" Stockton with steamboats ot
C. N. ■& I. . Co.. leaving Sun Francisco and
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. daily; at Merced wit
stages to and from Enelllngs, Coulter ville, etc;
also with stage from Hornltos, ■ Maripusa, etc. 3
at Lankerihlm with stage to and from Madera.
dera. . . ' , .•-••• -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
• • " (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco Commencing Nov.
. . 13, 1897. •
WEEK DAYS— a. m. 1:45 p. m. "
. SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:15 p. m.
. Special trips can be arranged fa:.- by applying
to THOS. COOK & SON, 621 Market St., Saa
Francisco, or telephoning Tavern of Tamalpals.
910
THE BOOKS IN
CLOVER AGAIN
Stepabout and Buck Mas
sie the Only Winning
Choices.
Lucky Dog Was Well Backed
but a Collision Ruined
His Chance.
Dolore Given a Close Decision— Any
Kind of Going Suits
May W.
A somewhat speckled sort of a card
drew but a small crowd to the races at
Oakland yesterday. Two favorites man
aged to win, but as very little confi
dence was reposed In them the talent
did not benefit to any great extent by
tholr successes. The track was deep
and holding and It took speed and stay-
Ing powers to win purses.
The muchly touted St. George filly
Stepabout came out in the opening five
and a half furlong scramble, and get
ting away from the barrier among the
tail-enders made a big field of fourteen
look like "yaller dogs." She was exten
sively supported at odds of 8 to 1, and
showing first before the stretch was
reached, won eased up to a walk in
front of Flandes. Moringa finished in
the show.
Conloy. astride the 7 to 5 favorite
Judge Btouffer, succeeded In finishing
In the show in the six and a half fur
long sprint following. Dolore was sent
away in the lead to a straggling start
and after being passed by both Ricardo
and Silver State, came again and was
given the decision, although it looked
as though Sliver State won by a nose.
The cowardJy Lucky Dog was played
to beat the fast filly May W in the six
furlong dash, third on the card. He
stumbled soon after the barrier waa
released, and the filly won all the way.
The "Dog" gave up badly the last fur
long, and despite the urging of "Skeets"
Martin, Morinel came along, downing
him for the place. Eight to five was
obtainable about the winner.
With Rubicon out of the way, there
was nothing left in the fourth event
fast enough to make Buck Maasle gal
lop, and at odds of 1 to 4 he won In a
big gallop, several lengths ahead of
Gallant, which horse secured the place
as easily from Flashlight.
Charley Thorpe had but one mount
all day and that was astride O'Fleeta.
the entry of "Plunger" McManus In the
Beconrl clx and a half furlong run. The
geldln? was a 12 to 1 shot in the ring
and through good riding Thorpe got
him to the wire first, less than a length
In advance in front of Aquinas, the sec
ond choice. Polish ran into show.
"Skeets" Martin rode the favorite
about as well as som? ship's apprentice.
A cheap lot of platers lined up In the
concluding sprint on the card. The
winner turned up in Dr. Bernays, an
8 to 1 chance ridden by Johnny Woods.
The favorite Milesio looking a winner
up to the paddock, finished second in
front of Himera.
TRACK ITEMS.
The herpes of J. Xagloe. Burke have
been singularly fortunate In getting close
decisions. To those In close proximity
to the wire it looked as though Silver
State beat Dolore a nose, but the mare
failed to get the verdict.
Shaw was indefinitely suspended for a
dilatory ride astride Flashlight, and the
horse's owners. Farrar and Tuberville,
were warned that in future they must put
up competent riders or remove their horses
from the track.
Sam Hildreth reports that Captl%'e is
hopelessly broken down, and in all proba
bility will never face the starter again.
As the barrier was released "Skeets"
Martin started with a rush nstride Lucky
Dog, and, just after passing the starter.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB--Oak!and Track — Slxty-elßhth day
v-» of the Winter Meeting. Tuesday, January 18, 1898. Weather
fine. Track heavy.
EQ FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; maidens, three years old and
tjJm* upward; purse, $300.
'eight. St.
... Stepabout, 3 90 12
429 Flandes. 3 I<l4, 1
434 Morinjfa. 3 S6 ! 6
... Jim Brownell, 3 92! 3
422 Red Spinner, 4 UK C
429 Entrata. 3 90 4
416 Rose Maid. 3 B7 7
374 Racio. 3 v^. 13
429 San Durango, 3 UK I
814 Altivo, 4 55 14
404 Texarkana, S Xl '■>
... Ordago. 3 104 11
... Yon Dunk, 5 87 8
... Klta Murphy, 3 S7'lo
.■ . Tartar. 4 Ktt|ls
* 14
9 6
6 4
3 h
2 2
84
11 h
7 h
1 4
12 4
6 h
10 2
15
•13
14 2
1 3
6 2
7 2
4 h
2 24
6 h
8 2
10 4
I \
I 4
12 3
11 1
13 h
14 3
15
1 4
2 n
8 h
4 1
6 5
6 1
7 8
d 2
I 1
10 3
11 2
12
13
14
IS
[ciawßon
E. Jones
1 levin .........
J. Woods ....
Spencer
Gray
O'Connor ....
Klley
Van Kuren ..
Stevens
McNirhols ...
Conley
Kelly
I McCarthy ....
[H. Brown
8 11-5
4 6
10 8
15 10
15 20
4 8
6 12
80 20
6 10
20 20
10 20
12 10
30 100
30 60
30 M
Time, 1:11%. Winner. W. Flshei's l>r. f. by Imp. St.
Won easing up.
George-Gadabout
Good start.
CTQ sr«"ONT> RACE— Six and a half furlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and upward-
t}*y» purse, $400.
ndex. Horses. Weight' St. Vim. 4m. %m. Stri Fin. ! JockeyiT ioiT Cl.
(422) Dolore, 4 104'
332 Silver State, a 09]
331 Judge Stouffer. 4... 103'
(428) Ricardo. a 106'
428 Tom Anderson, 4... 106!
447 Jack Martin, 6 101 1
... Metaire. 5 301'
(380) Chappie, 4 98 1
1
i
3
5
I 8
' 7
I*
114
2*4
3»f
5 14
6 24
73
8
4 4
2 2
1 1
4 h
I*
5 34
2 2
3 4
6 4*
1 h
7 15
6 1
8
4 1
8 2
2 2
4 n
1 24
!*
8
6 2
1 ns
2 2
1?
4 1
6 8
6 8
7 h
8
IE. Jones
iWoods
IConley
I McDonald ...
6
10
S-6
5
12
6
8
4
8
It
7-5
8
15
8
25
7-2
jSpencer
Ptevens
R. Narvaez ..
Clawaon
L..
Time. 1:24 H. Winner. J. Naglee Burke' & b. m. by Wildldle-Rosette.
first three driving.
Pair start.
Won
454.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three -year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
C 442) May W, 4 107'
43H Morlnel. 3 871
408 Lucky Dog. a 115!
... Glen Anne. 3 Ml
... Rejected. 5 104
... Lurky Dan, a 105j
■■ . Town Topic;, 8 B
! 1
\
1 3
< i
V?
4 h
7
3 h
54
l 24
1 li?
2 6
.«
4 h
6 12
1 24
3 i
2 34
4 34
7
6 2
C 5
l 24
I 14 !
330 I
4 35 I
6 5 |
6 2
lawson
[cNlchols ...
I Martin ...
•evln i
'..■ Narvaez ..
[yers
'' Connor ....
7-5
9
1
50
50
60
30
6-5
12
4-5
250
200
150
75
Time. 1:16%.
Won easily.
Winner, D. Cameron's b. m. by Imp. Eagle Plume-Frlola.
Fair ntart.
4 5 5 FotJRTH RACE— Six furlongs;
; purse, 8350.
442 Buck Massie, 6 1
428 Gallant. 6 1(
?,48 Flashlight. 6 II
428 Outgo, C II
410 Howard, a 1
437 Fannie E, 6 li
446 The Gossip. 4 I
419 February, 4 V
44Z buck Massie, 6 112 2 ... 16 16 16 1 10 IH
428 Gallant. 6 104 1 ... 2 1 2 5 2 7 2 5 Co
?,48 Flashlight. 6 122 4 ... bVi (H 4% 8 6 8h
428 Outgo. C 104! 3 ... 4h 3h 32 412 !V|
410 Howard, a ur< ! 5 ... 8 8 8 5 8 M<
437 Fannie E. 6 105 j 7 ... 6% 7 2 «4 6 14 M
446 The Gossip. 4 99 8 ... 3%, En 7 2 720 K<
419 February, 4 104| 6 ... 74 41 51 8 Mi
Time, 1:17. Winner, J. M. Murphy's br. h. by Hanover-Trlana.
eartly.
2
1
4
3
r:
7
l
I
1 6
2 1»
■L 1/
t> Vi
4 h
8
6%
3 S
7 4
1 <
2 S
8
7 2
E n
4 1
1 6
2 7
4 %
3 2
8
6 4
5 1
1 10 I
15
86
4 12
5 8 (
« 14
7 20
8
:. Martin ...
:. Marti:
onley ..
flaw
an Kur
cDonald
[yers ....
in? ....
[cNlcholi
Good
onley J
daw
an Kuren...
' A ru n .u
n ... l-j
10
7
ren. . . 100
i .... 12
100
i 100
Is ...| 80
■tart.
1-4
10
10
SO
20
200
100
40
Won
cDonald
[yers
>lly
[cNlchols ...
456» FI 3 " «00 CE ~SIX~ SIX * nd * half furlon « B: •*» 1 n»: four-year-old, and upward;
(433) O'Fleeta. 6 106
313 Aquinas, 4 \ SS!
437 Polish, 4 104!
(332) Callente, 6 1101
428 Sly. 4 99i
430 Hermanlta. 6 101
(438) Torsion, 6 112|
430) U' ineeta. b 106 i 4 8641 3n 2n 1«i Thorpe * 10 10
313 Aquinas, 4 * 98 .1 8 1 11 11% 114 2 5 J Wwds 413 5
437 Polish. 4 104 6 64 6 2 41 46 |« iCI,ZI "" 712
332) Callente, 6 IMS' 4* 8h 2 2 314 4 8 H Martin " 8-5 2
488 Sly, 4 MI 2% 624 6 3 624 5 7 Gray ' 7-2 I
420 Hermanlta, i 102 7 7 7 7 7 «24! Me Donald 20 20
[438) Torsion, 6.. 112| 5 ]h in 6 1 6 2 7 Conley '„."" 7 7
' Time. 1:23%. Winner. J. MacManus br. g. by Harry OTallon-Fleeta: Good start. Won
first three driving.
I
6 6
3 1
'6 4
4 %
\l
i h
4 1
1 1
6 2
1 h
« 24
7
2 n
3 n
114
4 1
2 2
6 3
7
6 1
2 n
14
4 5
3 14
6 24
6 2
l«4 I
«2V4 j
pc
'oods
son
lartin ...
maid
>y
AHL*7 SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
TO C • ward; purse, $400.
and up-
+4o Dr. Bei-nays, 8
... Mileslo. 3
?.$« Himera, 3
417 Rosa, 3
444 Paso Tempo, E
... Sardou, 4 :
417 Glenower, 3
440 Scintillate, 3
274 El Ladrone, 4
Isl Lioumont, 3
. Mary N'leves, 6 i
327 Nervula. 4
427 Merrllake, 4
4
I 2
I 1
2
10
9
if
'18
I 6
6 2
1 h
::: 10 3 ?
414
... • 11 h
9 1
8 1
7 h
12
8 4
IS
5 2
4 24
1 24
9 2
6 14
8 4
8 1
74
10 4
12
mi
IS
14
124
2 4
. 8 h
« 14
C 1
6 h
74
8 2
» 1
10 1
11 4
12 4
IS
'. Woods
'lawson
nicNlchols ...
?ray
Cerrln
"onley
}' Connor
I
2
4
t
■
I
5
i
8
5-2
5
10
15
8
6
I
<ea?an
McCarthy ....
1. Ward
rones
Cllpy
>evln
: Time. 1:11
handily*
oh- c • b;
>y Sir Dixou-Wl9sba4ea. Fair start. Woa
• •■ •■•••■ i ■inn 11 11 1 l ini iii iiiiiiniiii
bumped Into Mortnel with force enough
to lose both of his stlrrupß. Thla accl
<J«it, no doubt, apolled whatever chance
thfc big horse had of defeating May W.
If "Skeete" Is capable of no better effort
than hie handling of Callente would In
dicate, he ehouM take a long vacation,
for he la sadly out of form.
The American Sporting Manuel of IS9S,
lnsued by the Daily Racing Form Pub
lishing Company of Chicago, is out. It 1b
a keen and correct book of the past year's
sporting records, of pocket sire and
handsome proportions. All the fights of
the past year, three handicap tables, with
explanatory notes, the records of every
racetrack, racine-spet-d tables, baseball,
bicycling, billiards, athletics, harness
racing, sculling and general rules about
sporting affairs are displayed within lta
pages.
George Slier edits its pugilistic data,
Tom Gallagher cares for the billiard fig
ures. F. H. Brunell and Clint Rlley have
arranged the racing records; Ed Sheri
! dan, sporting editor of the Chicago Trib
! une, has compiled its baseball figures;
j L. Saps, sporting editor of the Chicago
I Record, has made Its bicycling and ath
letic calculations: and John L. Hervey,
the statistician of the Horse Review, has
cared for the figures about harneas
raclng.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Hace—Five anfl a half furlongi; celling:
three-year-old* and upward.
448 Blue Bell 115 (434)Brambella 98
431 Mlßtleton 104; 440 Mls§ Alice. 99
815 Maxim II 116 447 Our, Climate....
411 Aluminum 101 447 Fanny 8 11l
899 Etnateln 104 638 Monitor 117
Second Race—Six furlon**: three-year-olds.
'. ... Rosormonde 110i(461) Blarney Stone..lls
(4SB)lmperlous 112' 441 Catawba 102
399 HermOßO 116 1
: Third Race — furlong*; two-year-old*.
i ... Also Ran 10? ... Magdalene* ....106
436 Caadale 10*. 456 La Ccadisa 101
436 Malay .._ 104 (486)Bueno Ventura. 110
! 489 Bonlbel 10) ... Rainier • 106
436 Anchored 104 ' 486 The Miller 101
436 Clarando 105 423 Prince Will 104
| ... Lomatuu 103
Fourth Race—Six and a half furlongs: ail
ages: Acme Club handicap.
BS7 Mainstay .......108 456 Sly M
' <444)Caepar 115 433 Don't Skip Me. 95
(272) • Oatler Joe 117 . 837 Chartreuse 11... 96
(441)G00d Friend.... 105
Fifth Race —One mile; four-year-old* aad up
ward; selling:. ;
; 445 Yankee Doodle.110'(482) Harry Thobura.lo7
418 Newsipatherer ..107 443 Garland 8arr...107
: 426 Souffle -..lOo!
Sixth Race Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
441 Castake 101 (440)Colonlai Dame.. M
292 Watomba 9» (441)G00d Friend.... 99
449 El Moro 104 1 449 Kaiser Ludwlg.llß
1 445 Una C010rad0...117 ' 205 Harry Owyna. ..116
«46)L0 Lo ....115J 423 Lucky Star 118
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race—Mlstleton. Einstein. Monitor.
Second Race—Catawba, Blarney Stone, Im
perious.
Third Rac« —Bueno Ventura, Clarando, Bon
lbel.
Fourth Race—Caspar, 'Ostler Jo«, Don't Skip
Me.
Fifth Race —Ne>wsgsrth«rer, Garland Barr,
Harry Thoburn. . ::.• :
i Sixth Race —Good Friend, Colonial Dame,
Waloinba.
JOSEPH SPEAR SWORN IN.
Judge De Haven fidroinistered the
Oath and Chaur>cey St. John
Stood By.
Chauncey St. John wore his best suit
with the satin lapels and a rare bouton
| nlere on his bosom as he accompanied
Joseph Spear Into the chambers of United
i States District Judge De Haven yester
1 day afternoon. While waiting for the
Judge the party smoked several rare 60-
I cent Havanas selected by Ned Greenway
; and filled the apartment with the fra
grant perfume of aristocracy. Judge De
; Haven, after congratulating Mr. Spear
on his appointment as Surveyor of the
Port administered the oath of office to
him.
Mr. Spear will take possession of the
harbor to-day, and Mr. St. John, who has
been supplied with a new steel tape, will
proceed to measure the ships.
In the Divorce Courts
Mrs. C. L. Southgate was granted a di
vorce from J. W« Southg-ate yesterday
on the ground of desertion. Annie J.
Tregallis was granted her application
for a divorce from her husband , Milton
Tregallis, on the ground of extreme cru
elty. The plaintiff was allowed to resume
her maiden name, Annie J. Field. Lizzlf
White was granted a dlvoroe from
Thomas M. White. The plaintiffs alle
gations of willful desertion and neglect
were substantiated and the decree was
granted on those grounds. Margaret J.
Boone was granted a decree of divorce
from her Irishand. Walter Boone, by
Judge Belcher on the grounds of failure
to provide and desertion. The plaintiff
was allowed to resume her maiden
name, Margaret J. Wallace.
One Dose Will Stop a Cough.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure never fails;
try it; 25c For sale by all druggists. •
THE SA^T FKAXCISCO CAI/L, TTEDXESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1898.
NO TRUMBO
DIVORCE SUIT
The Matter Not Beyond
the Stage of Rumor
Yet.
An Evening Paper's Silly Story
Marked by an Absence
of Facts.
Colonel Trumbo Never ■ Mormon
and His Career in Utah That of
a Bunlne«« Man.
According to an evening paper, which
seldom permits Itself to be hampered
:by 'facts. Colonel Isaac Trumbo has
been sued for divorce at Salt Lake
City. About this circumstance, which,
by the way, never existed, there has
been woven a romantic story. The
story naturally lacks verity as well as
grammar and the pleasing coherency
possible In a story not largely Imagin
ary. The whole matter Is that C'oJonel
and Mrs. Trumbo agree only on the
] one point that they are happier apart.
There has been no suit filed. They
have simply separated and any suit
' must be a matter of the future. It
would not come as a surprise to either
Trumbo or his friends. The evening
fairy tale had Trumbo not only a de
, fendant, but a Mormon. It had him
, Invested wth great powfr In the church,
and had him living in the Mormon cap
; Ital in all the splendor of a potentate.
But he never was a Mormon. H« was
i born in the Episcopal church and ■till
adheres to It. The i>alaoe in which he
] lived in Utah was rented from the
: Federal receiver who had taken posses-
I sion of some of the Mormon church
I property. If there were anything else
; in the evening paper story it might be
! correct, but there is nothing else in it.
Bishop Clawson of Salt .Lake happens
I to be In San Francisco and- to have
I noticed the rumors. As an official of
'■ the Mormon church he feels some in
j terefit In the charge that Trumbo has
j belonged to the same organization. "I
have known Colonel Trumbo for many
• years," said the Bishop last night.
I "He has never been a Mormon. lie did.
In the dark days of the church, conduct
| some business for us, and for the skll!
j with which he did so he is gratefully
i remembered. He Is a self-made man,
much of his fortune having been ac
1 quired in California and elsewhere In
mining. He never squandered the
; money of the church, and bo far as I
know and believe nev^r squandered
his own. I cannot accept the story
published In an evening paper. The
! charges it makes are malicious and in
my judgment untrue. So far as relates
to his public career I am certain about
this."
A dispatch from Salt Lake last night
stated that Mrs. Isaac Trumbo was
arranging for a suit for divorce. Al
though the rumor has been current
for months it has been persistently de
nied. Up to date, however, the suit
has not been filed. Pome time ago a
cloud appeared on the Trumbo horizon,
in the shape of the revocation of a
power of attorney given by Mrs. Trum
bo to Mr. Trumbo. This was then ex
plained by the statement that the pa
per had merely been given to further
a certain sale, and the object having
been attained, the necessity for its ex
istence was at an end.
Judge Powers of Salt Lake, Mrs.
Trumbo's attorney, was asked by wire
as to the truth of the evening paper's
story. He promptly responded that
there was no truth in it. It is under
stood in circles where Colonel and Mrs.
Trumbo moved that the caao will be
Bettled out of court, a statement that
■was virtually confirms! by a brother
of Mrs. Trumbo last night. There is
said to bja an understanding between
the couple tha* if Trumbo can again
gain a fortune his troubles will be at
an end. ,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Mary Ohrgemach to P. F .Butler, lot on SE
corner of McAllister and Gough streets. E 60
by 8 120- $10.
Jessie S. Potter to Melissa A. Potter, "lot on
N line of Pacific avenue. 192:9 W (ran Inter
section at NE corner of Pacific avenue and
Buchanan street. W 45 by M 132:" H. 50-vara
lot 3. in W A 236. and known as No. 2232 Pa
cific avenue; $10.
James D. Saunders to Emily C. Paundern,
undivided half of lot on X line of Pine street.
171104 Wof Pierce. W2sby N 112: gift. ,
George F. Lyon to Bethuel M. Newcomb, lot
on Nw corner of California and Laurel streets,
N 82:T« by w 87:6; $10.
Edward I. Sheehan to Mary E. Sheehan, lot
on NW line of Howard street. 8O:11H B\V of
Lafayette, BW 25 by NW 90; gift.
Anna Kanltz to Llllie M. Kanltz. lot on W
line of Potrero street, 263 8 of Twentieth, X
25 by W 100; 110.
Florlo Antonovlch to Mar;' Antonovlch. lot
on N line of Green street, 107:6 W of Powell.
w SO by N 90; $10.
Margaret Boylan to Julia A. Boylan. lot on
W line of Auburn street. 103 S of Pacific i S
23 by W G7:6; gift.
Joseph and Sarah H. R. Hume to L. H. Sly,
lot on N line of Ellis street, 55 W Of Jones,
"W 52:6 by M 120; $10.
Selby Smelting and Lead Company to. Will
iam B. duff and William F. Harris, lots 1. 2.
4, 5 and 6. block 2, North Beach, bounded by
N Jefferson. W Hyde. ■ Beach and E Leaven
worth, being entire block, except 50-vara lot on
BE corner, to correct 1274 d 270, quitclaim
deed: $10.
Andrew Gelshaker to Elizabeth Gelshaker,
lot on SE line of Bryant street, 141 SW of
Second. SW 25 by SE $0; Rift.
Real Estate and Development Company to
John and Augusta Lindstrom. lot on w line of
Carolina street. 175 N of Twenty-third (Ne
vada). N IB by W 100: grant.
Real Estate and Development Company to
John A. and Susanna Coleman, lot on W line
of Carolina street. 150 N of Twenty-third (Ne
vada). M 25 by W 100: grant.
George E. and Emmcline, L. Bates to Delia
M. Kraut (wife of Charles), lot on E line of
Texas street. 225 N of Y. to, N 25 by E 100; $10.
Charles Kraut to Delia M. Kraut (wife of
Charles), lot on E lino of Texas street, 225 N
of Yolo. N 25 by E 100: gift.
John M. Green to Thomaa Fanning, lot on
E line of Third avenue, 125 S of Lake street,
S 25 by E 120: $10.
Benedict and Anna M. Pfarrer to C. F.
Humphrey, lot on W line of Fifth avenue. 300
N of Fulton (D) street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Maggie and John L. Ferr.-n to F. A. Davis,
lot on E line of Victoria street, 150 N of Rail
road avenue, N 60 by E 100. lots 11 and 12
block 40, City Land Association: $10.
William Alvord (trustee) to Thomas Fanning,
lot 4, block 35. Paul tract. Homestead Associa
tion, . valuable consideration; also lot on NE
corner of Wild* and Girard streets. N 150. E
43:1. S 151:3, W 29:2. block 35. Paul tract; $10.
filameda County.
Antone S. Sllva to Rom V. Bllva, lot on N
line of Atlantic street. 1^:7% E of Pine, E 25
by N 100:7 Vi, being lot 27. block 503, Gibbons'
property, Oakland; gift.
Edward P. Flint to Harriet E. Cooke, lot on
S corner of Orange and Perry streets, SW 160
by SE 116.22. being lots 1 and 2, block L, Flint
tract, map 4; $10.
A lire H. Cornwall to Joseph Hume, lots 14
15 and 16, block J, Linda Vista Terrace, map
2. Oakland: also lots 9 to 12. block C, except
the NW 30 feet of lots 10, 11 and 12 of said
block C. Latham Terrace. Brooklyn Township:
also lot on NE' boundary line of lot S, 75 NW
of Twenty-fifth ; avenue, SW to NE line of
Twenty-third avenue, thence NW to a point
where It Is intersected by NE boundary line of
lot 8. thence SE 29.39 to beginning, block C.
Latham Terrace, Brooklyn Township; also lota
i 15 and 16. block D, Latham Terrace, Brooklyn
i Township: also lots 7 to 11. block E, Latham
Terrace. Brooklyn Township: also lot 3, block
F. and lots 19, 21 and 22. block G. Latham Ter
race. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Town of Berkeley to John Corbett. lot on E
line of Spauldlnjr . avenue. 40 S of Bancroft
way. 9 SO by E 64:8, Berkeley, quitclaim
deed: $1.
Town of Berkeley to Michael and Mary Cor
bett, lot beginning at a point €4:S X from E
line of Bpauldlng avenue and 40 S from I line
of Bancroft way. S SO by E 64:8, Berkeley,
quitclaim deed; $1.
L. C. Lansten to H. M. Lanston, lot on W
; line of Myrtle street. 2T.3:G N of Twenty-fourth
j N 25:2 by W 125. Oakland: gift.
Ta Cure a Cold Ir) On« Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnlni Tablets. ''All
druffglsti refund the money IX it (ails to cur*,
.360. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
TOO YOUNG FOR
A STEPFATHER
Trouble in the Family of
Mrs. Herman P.
Rulffs.
She Wanted Her Son Fred
Arrested for Threats
Against Life.
Children Threaten to Take Their
Father's Estate Into the Probate
Court Again.
The skeleton In the closet of the fam
ily of Mrs. Herman P. Rulffs, corner
of Hayes and Laguna streets, haa come
to light through the action of the
mother tn swearing to a warrant before
Judge Low last Saturday for the arrest
of Frederick Winkelman. her son, on
a charge of threats against lif«.
Although the warrant was issued on
Saturday, no effort has been made to
arrest the young man and yesterday af
ternoon, accompanied by his attorney,
lie appeared before Judge Low to sur
render himself, thinking that the Judge
would release him on his own recogni
zance after hearing the circumstances.
The Judge refused to do so and Win
kelman and his attorney left to secure
bonds before surrendering himself. The
Judge's refusal was based upon the
ease of William McLeod, -who was re
leased by him on his own recognizance
on a similar charge and went home and
choked his wife to death.
"Winkelman's father, it appears, died
about five years ago, leaving an estate
consisting of real property on Hayes
and Laguna streets valued at about
$20,000. The widow afterward obtained
an order from the Probate Court to
homestead tho property, having placed
its value at only $:<ioo. The family lived
together in peace and harmony until
about eighteen months ago, when the
widow, apainst the hitter opposition of
her children, married Herman P. Rulffs,
a youner man, and started him in a gro
cery business in a store on the prop
erty.
The Introduction into the family of
the young stepfather has been followed
by acrimony and unplensantness, and
the children are anxious t~ have the
property relieved from the homestead
order, which compels them to live with
the mother, and divided among them.
A petition will be presented to that
effect to the Probate Court probably
to-day, and meantime Fred will insist
upon the case against him for threats
against life being prosecuted, as he
wants the real facts to be known. It is
understood that Mrs. Rulffs has re
gTetted her action in obtaining the war
rant and is anxious to have it with
drawn. _____
Had Lost Jurisdiction.
Th« Superior Court received a setback
at the hands of the Supreme Court yester
day In the case of Rosa Quelrolo, who
asked to be released from the custody of
Sheriff Whelan on a writ of habeas cor
pus. The woman was divorced from her
husband, Frank, and the minor children
were awarded to her. Later the court
modified the decree and gave the chil
dren to the father. She appealed from the
decree, but refused to give un the chil
dren in accordance with the Judge's order.
For this she was placed In custody for
contempt. The Supreme Court held that
the appeal stayed all proceedings and
suspended the power of the Superior
Court, which, by the very nature of the
appeal, took The case out of Its Jurisdic
tion. The woman was released.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Iluyes street: open until S:SO o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until »:80 p. m.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
E.W. corner Sixteenth and Mlsalon strMU:
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
JBIB MlMllill street: open until 9 o'clock
1606 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
HW. corner Twenty-s*cond and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELS IOir~LodKe No. 166. F. and A. ■
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNE3- _J\_
DAY) EVENING. January 19. at 7:30 TLjt
o'clock. Second degree. '" >
THE. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and A. ■
M -Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) -g^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second TCJf
degree. - < r >F>
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary..
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M., ■
2668 Mission St.. bet. • Twenty-second _J\_
and Twenty-third— meeting TCjf
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at r >T v
7:80 o'clock. Second degree. By order of
the W. M. C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. &'X. m
M— D. 3d. THIS (WEDNESDAY) at _/V_
7:30 p. m. By order of Master jfLJC
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /¥>
GERMANIA Lodge No. 116. I. O.
• O. F. — The officers and members sgyjT, Sag
of the funeral committee of Ger- "-s§i>--*S&
mania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F.. "w/»\*
are hereby notified to assemble at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall on WEDNESDAY. January 19,
1888, at 1 o'clock p. m.. to attend the funeral
of our late brother, HENRY SANDERS. By
order of the lodge.
LEOPOLD m. FABRY. N. O.
t:mit. NIEMEIER. R. S.
ATTENTION K. R. B.— Business of a
vital importance THIS (WEDNES- >hi/t¥
DAY) EVENING. '"., A^A "
-' PRESIDENT. |yJ
' :
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- I
cluco Bricklayers' Association will be *li| jf
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- ft ~1
INO, January 19. 1898. at B. B. Hall. >? W
121 Eddy St., at 8 o'clock. A full at- J w
tendance requested. Business of Im-
portance. E. J. BRANDON. ' Pres. a
VETERAN Volunteer Firemen's As- -* W *L
pociation— and members JHHR
are ' requested to . assemble at toj\X3
, headquarters. Pioneer building, TO-MOR-
ROW (Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m. sharp, '
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
JAMES AITKEN SR.
STEPHEN BUNKER, Pre«.
. JAMES PENNYCOOK. Recording Secy.
THE officers and members of the St. v XSt^t.
Andrew's Society are requested to J\ UIPI
meet at th.> Masonic Temple at 1:30 tkXG?
p. m.. THURSDAY, January 20, to * * I^»
attend the funeral of our late fellow mem-
ber, JAMES AITKEN.
JAMES S. WEBSTER, President.
A. C. BALLINGALL. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the Stock- "
holders- of The National Ice Company will be
held at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
DAY, ' the 2d day of February, IS9B, at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. in., for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
lng. J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., Ban Francisco. Cal.,
on Friday, the 21st day of January. IS9B. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on MONDAY.
January 10. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING
THE annual meeting of the stockholders cTf "the
Union Iron Works will be held at the office
of the company. 222 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY. January 25. 1898. at 11:80
o clock a. m., for the purpose of electing^ a
board of directors to serve, for the enaufng
year, and . for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
_ J. O"B. GUNN. Seoretar7.
Office, 222 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
January 10. lift, -. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Secretary of the Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum of San Francisco herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted at the In-
stitution r-n Hnlght st. from July 1. 1597, to
Jan. 1. 1898: Rachel Crossley. 12 years; Neva
Crossley, 10 years: Eva Crossley. 2 years;
Etta Ltthgow. 13 years: Sophie Semler. IS'4
years: Emma Shoebrldge. 11 years; Emellne
Burket. 5 year?: Hilda Burket. 2 yeara: Lou-
isa Potts, T years: Minnie Potts. 4 years: Jes-
sie Potts. Z years; Delma Cottrell, 8 years:
Llllle Borkman. 7 years: Ar.nie Peterson. 13
years; Mb hoi Peterson, 3 years; Frank Mr-
Kean, 2 years: Edward Burket. 9 years: Fred-
erick Berket. 8 years: Carl F. Berg. 11
years; David Cottrell, 10 years: George Bock-
man. 8 years: Albert H. Smith, 4 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery St.. • room 6: tel. 6580.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. S, 116 A Grant aye. ; eleo-
trlcian: alcohol. Turkish bafhs; unrivaled.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-ma*net!o massage
treatments: alcohol baths. 8 Mason st.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 11<5 Taylor st.
ROOMS whitened from SI and papered U 60 up.
Z>* Thini Ft.
MRS. BTEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V> Ueary St.. room 11.
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 14, Flood build-
ing, cor. Fourth Bt.
CHEAPKST and best In America— Tho Weekly
<^all. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 61 (forty cents per share), of
the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Co.. will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market st.. on and after THURSDAY. Jan-
uary 20, ISSB. Transfer books will close on
Friday, January 14. 1(W8, at 3 o'clock p m.
E H HHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires Bltu-
ation; best references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
NEAT, capable German girl desires situation
at housework or as nurse; tit t<> $1S; refer-
ence*. MISS CULLEN. 526 Butter st.
THOROUGHLY competent Scotch waitress and
chambermaid desires situation; good refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment
Bureau, a number of first-class girls await-
ing situations. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter
st. Tel. Green 721.
CANADIAN second girl, good waitress, best
of references, desires a situation. J. F.
CROSETT &. CO., 31$ Sutter st.
GFHMAN Employment office— MßS. LAM-
BE UT. 417 Powell st- (tel. Main £332). fur-
nishes best help of all nationalities.
SITUATION wanted by competent woman
from the East: good cook or as working
housekeeper; no objections to country; no
postals. Call for 2 days at 464 Tehama St.,
near Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation in first-
class hotel, boarding-house or restaurant;
understands all branches of cooking; wagea
$30 to $35. Addrese G. F.. box 665. Call office.
CKOD practical Scandinavian woman wishes
housework in small American family: good
reference; wages $20 to $25. Address 334 M:
Fifth st.
WANTED— By an elderly American woman.
a place In a small family for housework:
wages $10. 1024 Howard St.. room 10.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by a competent per-
son as working housekeeper on a ranch. Ad-
dress J. ANDERSON, 142 Eighth Bt.
WOMAN with a child wants a place as house-
keeper io private family. Call or address
MRS. HUNT, ?369 Twenty-sixth st.
DANISH lady likes to do housecleanlng or get
a steady plnce for chamberwork. MRS.
JACKSON, 1011 Mission st.
NKAT Danish girl wishes to do housework In
a respectable family: wages $15; no postals.
14>* Moss St., downstairs.
RELIABLE woman wants housework; good
cook and laundress. «'all or address H. Me,
64S Valencia st. ; no cards.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes to ro out
washing and Ironing by the day; best refer-
ence. 2937'j I'allfornia st.
LADY with a child wishes a position as house-
keej>er. Call or address MRS. HUNT, 3369
Twenty-sixth st.
COLORED woman wishes situation in a small
family; can give best of reference. 811 Pow-
ell it.
WANTED— By a young Swedish girl, upstairs
work or care of children. Call at 231 Third.
DRESSMAKER. first-class fitter. stylish
draper and designer; thorough dressmaker;
by the day. MISS WARWICK. SM d.aiy rt.
TOtJNQ lady would like position as house-
keeper. Call or address MRS. RAYMOND,
223 Mason st. •,-■,-
GIRL wishes to mind children. Call 411 Fol-
som st.
SWEDISH Rlr! wishes situation aa housework;
g 1 cook; host references; $20 to $23. Apply
'"wenty-slxth st.; no postals.
SITUATION by an eMerly woman to do house-
work: Is rood laundress; city or country- <"atl
at 759 Mission ft.
BY a young woman with best of references, to
take care. of children. 61 Federal st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework;
nod plain cook and laundress. Call 1239
Market St.
WANTED— By a young girl, to do general
housework; good wages. Please call at 723
Bat Tehama St.. bet. Kighth and Ninth.
WANTED- Washing, ironing or housecleanlng
by the day; best of references. Address
MRS JENSEN, lv Minna St.
G< >< >1 • German cook wants situation, good
references. 1022 Larkln st.
YOUNG German girl will do upstairs work
and mind children; good references. 10^2
Larkln st.
YOUNG German girl wants a place to do
genera] housework in small family; wages
$12. Drain call i?3>i sixth st.
TRUSTWORTHY eMerly woman wishes llpht
Place in nice family or care for 2 children at
her home. Address 238 Seventh, rear house.
RELIABLE woman wish-s situation as house-
keeper and general housework; wages reason-
able. 1433 Mi Steiner st.
DRESSMAKER wishes sewing In family by
the day or at home: moderate prices. 1433'-i
Stelner st.
NEAT, competent Swedish girl as first-class
waitress in private family; best references-
wages $25. Please call at 613 McAllister St.
COMPETENT Swedish girl as first-class cook
In private family: best New York city refer-
ences: wages $3.'. a month; Jewish preferred.
Call at Dl 3 McAllister st.
GOOD American cook and laundress wishes
situation; thoroughly understands her busi-
ness; good references; city or country. 1163
Market st.
YoUNG girl, recently from Denmark, wishes
situation to assist In housework or can- of
children. Call or address 26fi2 Twenty-secnnd.
NURSE— Position wanted t,y young woman;
hospital graduate, experienced and hlghlv rec-
ommended; reasonable terms. Box 612. Call.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do cooking
In an American family. Cnll 929 Pine st.
EXPERIENCED nurso wants work In confine-
ment cases; no objection to the country- Box
635. Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GERMAN wonmn wishes a situation to do
general housework or as housekeeper; good
plain cook. MRS. JAXMTCH, 739 Natoma Bt..
near Ninth st.
RKFINED lady with girl of 12. desires position
as housekeeper, or will try anything honest.
Address or call. MRS D.. 1433 Mission st.
YOUNG woman wanti full charge of Invalid
or Infant. Call at 2*0."; Sixteenth.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese; estab. 20 years; help;
Ul. Main IM7. BRADLEY & CO.. S4O Clay st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day, hour
_or evening. 122\ O'Farrell st. ; tel. Davis 606.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office;
best help. 4144 O'Farrell. Tel E. 42«.
CHINESE and Japanene Employment Of floe-
Best help. 30 Geary st. Tel. Grant 5C
HVNTER St CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. «14Vi California st.: tel. Main 231.
MONET loaned en watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 16 Grant ay.
WANTED— Position by a young lawyer who
obtained diploma by making hlmaelf useful.
Can you use such a one? Address box 64G.
Call offloe.
FIFTEEN years' experience wood mantel and
fireplace business; capable taking charge of
store or factory. Address Box 647, Call.
WANTED — By a young man, a place in a
wholesale house; not afraid of hard work.
Box 648. Call office.
SITUATION wanted— Clerk In hardware, stove
or general merchandise store; can furnish
best references. X.. box 9. Call office. Oakld.
JAPANESE boy wishes position as second
butlar or waiter In first-class family; has
references. 63 Minna St., rear.
TOCNO man wants situation on country place;
care horse, cows, garden or generally u;«pful
at anything; references. Box «36. Call office.
WANTED — By a lumber salesman and yard-
n'.an. situation in a country yard or sawmill,
beit California reference. J. C GIBSON.
12« EIIU M.
BITUAI )>S Continued.
ACTIVE young man with literary Inclination
wants position In some literary department;
a good writer and composer. Address box
628, Call Office.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
. work. ' wait .on table or cooking. Address
T. SAIKA, 1006 Hyde st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work, wait on table or cooking. Address
F. TAMGUCHI, 1329 Pine st.
YOUNG married man wants situation at liv-
ing wages; has had experience as grocery
. clerk and Is handy with tools. Box 623, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as washer in
steam laundry. Call or address 190 Shipley st.
! GARDENER; single; thoroughly competent In
i all branches gardening and greenhouse work;
first-class references; would like position
with private family. Box 553, Call office.
BAKER on cake and bread; country prefer-
red. New Atlantic Hotel. 209 Montgomery
aye.
YOUNG man, graduate of business college, de-
sires situation In an office or store; under-
stands bookkeeping; . fair penman: speaks
Italian. M. MAGGINI, Prescott House.
YOUNG Frenchman wishes position on French
newspaper; Is expert compositor. Address
E. A., 7 John st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 26c to $1 50 per night;
11 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respect -
able; free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
WAITRESS, commercial hotel, $22 50; waitress,
near city, $25; waitress, country hotel. $20;
chambermaid and wait. $20. free fare, south:
restaurant waitress, $6 a week; chambermaid
and wait, city, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
108 Geary st.
SECOND girl, small family, $25; 8 cooks, pri-
vate families, $20 and $30: 4 girls, country,
housework, $20; 12 girls, housework, city, $20
and $25; 17 girls to assist, $15 and $10. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.
EXPERIENCED hotel housekeeper, .with first-
class hotel experience, $40. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 108 Geary St.
i GIRL, Shasta County. $25, see party here. 9 to
11 a. m.; 4 girls, Broderlek. $20; girl, Niles.
Cal.. see party here; girl, Buchanan, $20:
girl. Castro. $20; girl, Eastland, $25, see
■ party here: girl. Filbert, $20; 8 girls, Berke-
ley, $20 to $25: girl, Gough, $20; girl, 1 In
family, $25, California; girl, Pierce, $20: girl,
Post, $18; 3 girls. Alameda, $30: girl Frank-
lin. $25; girl. Golden Gate aye., 120; girl,
Washington, $25; 2 girls. Baker. $20. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market st.
CHAMBERMAID, $20 and room; chambermaid,
$15 and room; 2 waitresses, $13 and room;
4 waitresses. $20 and room: 6 girls, work
In small restaurants, $3 to $4 a week: 3 wait-
resses, small hotel. $45 and room: 7 waitresses.
$5 a week; chambermaid and wait. $20 and
room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
THREE cooks. $20 to $30 and room. MARTIN
& CO.. 749 Market St.
GIRL. San Lorenzo, $15: girl, San Mateo; girl,
Webster, $15; girl. Golden Gate aye.. $15;
rlrl, Niles, $15: girl. Castro, $15: girl. Hill.
$15; girl. Derisadero. $15; girl, Fulton. $15;
girl. Dolores. $15; girl. Glenn County, $15:
girl, Central aye., $15; girl, Lott aye., $15;
girl, Sutter. $15: Point Lobos aye., $15;
girl, Marln County. $15: girl. O'Farroll. $15;
girl. California. $15; girl, San Rafael, $15.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
NEAT waitress, $6 a week. MARTIN & CO..
749 Market st.
COOK, Santa Clara County, $25, 3 In family;
Bakersfield, $25; Santa Crut. $20: 16 house-
work girls, city and country, $20 and $25: 6
young girls, assist, tit and $15. MISS CUXr-
LEN. 326 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, $20. MISB CULLEN. 82S But-
ter st.
REFINED second girl. $20; S in family. MISS
CrLLEN, 325 Sutter Ft.
FRENCH maid, $25. Frenoh governess and
seamstress, $25: French nursa, $25. MISB
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. $20. private family; second girl,
country, $2": waitress and parlor maid $25
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED girl, housework: 2 In family; $20.
MISS CT'LLEN. HE Sutter st.
GERMAN or French second girl, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 825 Sutter et.
SECOND girl, one month, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper. $20. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter St.
COMPAN] ON to Invalid lady, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COLORED or French maid. $15\ MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook. Point Reyes, $25! MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN waitress. $2jT MISS CULLEN, 825
Sutter st. ,
COOK, boarding-house, $25. MISS CULLEN
Sutter st.
GERMAN woman cook, lunch saloon. $30 per
month. MISS CT'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
"WAITRESS, nice country hotel, $20: fare paid:
middle-aeed woman, general housework on
ranch. $20; young girl for housework, nice
place, city, $20. and other plac-s. MURRAY
& READY. Leading Employment Agents. 634-
636 Clay st.
GF.KMAN waitress and parlor maid. $20: 2
American and German nurses, $20: 4 Ger-
man, French and Scandinavian second girls,
$20; 4 rook:-. German style, $25; 2 waitresses,
$20, and a large number of girls for all kinds
of work in city and country too numerous to
advertise. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
COOK. $30; second c i r !. $?->; houseglrl, two In
family, $25' middle-aged woman, country, $20;
young girl. $10 to $12; nurse, $15. MRS.
NORTON. 823 Sutter St.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st.. has places for girls
of all nationalities.
LADY'S companion and seamstress: hotel
housekeeper. $40; ticket taker. 101S Washing-
ton st., Oakland.
LAST clerk for employment office; apply In
own handwriting, stating experience. Box
620, Call office.
EXPERIENCED girl for light housework; 2 In
family: no washing: wages $10; references.
1315 A Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— A girl for light housework; plain
cooking: 2 In family; wages $10. Call at 1128
Turk K.
EXPERIENCED waist trimmer. Improvers and
an apprentice girl for dressmaking. Apply
1217 Sutter St.
GERMAN girl for general housework; wages
$12. $15. Call from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m.. 112
Oak Et.
NEAT young girl to assist In light housework.
1423 Lnguna st.
APPRENTICE wanted for dressmaking. 1!16
Kolsoni Ft.
WANTED— An experienced apprentloe on cus-
tom coats. 526 Minna st.
STRONG young girl for general -housework;
$15; references. 1511H Howard st.
V' '"NO lnrty to address envelopes and do light
office work. 813 Bush st.
MAN and wife as manager and cashier; light
cash business. 1023 Market st.
TRAVELING saleslady, tailor-made garments,
$16 weekly. 1023 Market st.
NEAT girl, about 16, for light housework. 918
Sanchez St., above Twenty-third.
GERMAN girl for housework. Inquire bet. 10
and 11 a, m., 440 Ashbury st., near Oak.
GOOD finisher on custom pants. 411H Kearny
St., top floor.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 2206
Bush st., near Flllmore. -.;> ■
GIRL for general housework. Call bet. 10 and
12. 1608 Geary st. .
•FINISHERS, also apprentice, on custom pants
23 Kearny St., room 7. *«»».
LADY stenographer, publishing house, $10; cash-
ler, grocery store. 1018 Washington, Oakland.
GIRL for housework, American family of 2
$25; nurse girl. $12. 721 Ellis st.
WANTED— An experienced sleevemaker at
1284 O'Farrell St.
YOUNG girl for general housework. 10 Liberty
st., near Valencia.
WANTED— Young lady, well reoomrnended at
714 Market st. at 10 o'clock. ouueu .
TAILORESS on custom coats; experienced
operator. 14 Harriet st.
WANTED— A capable woman for general
housework; wages $10; references. 833 Bush.
GOOD girl for cooking and housawork. 1430
Golden Gate aye.
KIT *l uncaJle<l -for shoes from 25c up to $1 25.
662 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleir.g, SEc, men's shoes, sole-
•■- ing. 60c. : all repairing done at half the usual
price. 662 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d.
E SDSSI?SiF£ D operators on shirts. THE
BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 17-19 Battery st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc. One visit sufficient.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
bchool is the best place to learn; Mechanics'
Fair diploma; patterns cut »6c up. 10S Poet.
LAWRENCE Dress-Cutting School. H>:» Mar-
Ket St.; a perfect fit guaranteed without try
•ing on: call and be convinced.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harrla. i. Grant ar.
615 LARK IN— Branch office of th« Call. Bub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WASTED.
80,000 CORDS of 4-foot wood, to be cut by con-
tr Uema ke C rs: good timber; 10c a tie; lon.
30 Gkng oof0 of a t d ea"-^rs and laborers for rail-
road work; we ship to-day. • .
20 woodchopperp; tools and grub advanced.
C R°HANSEN_& CO., 108 Geary st. .
FRENCH cook, country hotel. $50: German
waiter $35; 2 European waiters. $30. C. R.
HANS.EN & CO.. IPS Geary st.
B A? S ufa F n? P E ooWe"p7rTTerb^rhere : co7k
and wife- see boss here: 3 COOKS, $.» and $4o;
3 waiters. $25 and $20. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
MILKER, farmers, pruners. grafters, miners,
choreboys. tlemakers, shingle and box bolt
makers. MURRAY & READT, Leading Em-
ployroent Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy for this office; 3 quartz miners
$3 day; 20 tiemakers. 8c and -W e - Rood Job
farmer who can run incubator, $25; boy for
factory, $3 60 week and Increase; man ana
wife for small ranch on shares: coal miners.
2 ship carpenters, $2 50 and $3 day: 2 boat
builders, $2 50 to $3 day. and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— and second-hand furniture
and carpet man; good buyer and seller. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62$ Sacra-
mento st. . - ■ -
WANTED— WaIter nice country hotel. $25 per
month, fare advanced; man about i>rlvat»
place in country, $25 per month and found,
farmers, milkers, waiters, cooks, dishwash-
ers and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 628
Clay st. ■
WANTED— Young man. single, about 25 year*
of age, to drive a retail delivery wagon in
city; references required: salary ♦*> P e *
month and found. Apply to W. D. EWlStt «
CO.. 626 Clay st. , _ ■ ■ -
MAN and wife, cooks, restaurant, $16 to $1*
per week: call early. MARTIN & CO.. 74»
•t• t Market st. , ,
JAPANESE cook and helper; $40 and room,
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st. _^
26 MEN to cut redwood ties. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st. : - - '_
FLANNEL washer, steam laundry. MARTIH
& CO., 749 Market st. .' • wm
WANTED— Night cook for oyster house, $40»
waiter, short order house, $30; waiter, hotel.
$25: cook, country, $40; porter around saloon,
$10; young man to help In dining room. $10,
and others. ANDRE'S. 308 Stockton st.
WANTED— man who can write plata
hand to assist in genteel cash business; must
be satisfied with $75 per month and have $1»
cash. 995 Market st, room 3. . _
YOUTH as office and errand boy and work his
-way up; one who speaks German preferred.
Address in own handwriting, stating age,
etc., box 621. Call office. ,
AN outside agent to sell teas and coffees on
commission. 203 Fourth st. ■
GOOD barber for Wednesday and Saturday
623 Clay st. _________
GROCERY warehouseman; city collector! I
good drivers; club porter. 1023 Market st.
SHIPPING dock watchman, single, about A
and large. 1018 Washington St., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS presser on custom coats. 291
Natoma st.
WANTED— Shoemaker on second-hand worlri
good hand. 60S Howard st.
WANTED— Barber for Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays. 122 Third st. ■-
MAN to drive and solicit orders. EA9TER*f
OIL CO., 1190 Mission st. __
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at 630 Fourth st.i
call early.
WANTED— A good tailor on custom coats by
the week. f.2S Minna st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop; wages
$6. 1205 Fillmore st.
I FEW gentlemen of pood address as outsld*
men; ' 9 to 5. 21 l j Third St., room 5.
HANDY man wanted In restaurant. 1804
Halght st.
GOOD waiter wanted at 628 Sacramento st.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday, Saturday
and Sundays. 424 Third st.
GOOD barber, steady work. 605 Mission st*
near Second.
GOOD three chair shop for Bale cheap. 43V4
Third st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; 1119 A Folsom St.;
make offer.
VETERINARY surgeon wants an intelligent
boy to learn the profession; small premium
required; salary paid after 3 months. Ad-
dress box 639, Call office.
WANTED— Young man 17 to 19 years of age to
assist at office work; must write a good hand
and have had some office experience: Ad-
dress, with referencee, box fi34. Call office.
i MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 10 Grant ay.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. Unite. l States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens .of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and fi feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis St., San Franciroo, Cal.
GOOD union pressman; must be thorough on
platen and cylinder work; quick, careful,
conscientious and reliable. Address, giving
experience, reference*, etc., box SSO, Call.
2000 PAIRS shoes— Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged; at less than one-
fourth their value: from 25c to $2 50. 589
Mission St., bet. First and Second Its,
SHOEMAKERS to get men's calf uppers. $lj
sam* price to order: best American, $1 60.
SHIRLEY. Pit Howard st.
E. SIMON wants 100 men to get bottle b««ff
or wine. sc: best free lunch. 643 Clay st.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Roorae 25c to |f
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
i SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis st., near Jackson.
MEN'S solelng, 60c; 'adies', 40c: whtla yoa
wait. 6."S Market: branch, 767 Market.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Ol^
flee. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
j 4 MARKET St.— Branch office of Tne Calif
want ads and subscriptions taken.
OS LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms 10c and 15c night, 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SU Eighth.
ELCHO House, 863»4 Market" st.— Room* 260..
26c to 50c night; $1 to $2 week.
ROOMS, 16c to 75c per night: 60c to $1 5» per
week Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 250 per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a nlcht; $1 a week."
WANTED— laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larc*
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
PTNCHEPTER House, 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25e a night: readlng-roorat
free 'bus and hareasre to and from the ferrr.
AGENTS "WANTED.
PICTURE agents — Fine proposition: good
money; 10 to 1 to-day. CUTBIRTH, New
Golden West Hotel.
AGENTS, either sex; splendid offer. Call 10 to
4, SO6 Market St., room 324.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner for traveling show, with
$50 or more. Box 654, Call office.
$300— WANTED, partner to enlarge established
business. 41 Turk st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to nil new building. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. • Removed to 19 Mont-
c-nniirv ft.: highest price* paid. Trl. r>avl« 71.
HOPgha WANTED. 0
WHY los 9 money by having your houses, stores
or flats vacant, "when they can be quickly
rented by HENDERSON REALTY CO. (pub-
lishers of Weekly Real Estate Register)?
Give us a trial. Satisfaction guaranteed.
HENDERSON REALTY C0..405C McAllister.
I WANT a Minny flat or house. 7 to 9 rooms,
in perfect condition, 18 minutes' walk from
Palace Hotel, for i year or longer; if partly
furnished will board owner if desired on suit-
able terms: rent must be about $30; family 4
adults. Address box 631. Call office .' •
ltv/oyis wanted.
HOUSEKEEPING room for man and wife
where landlady will be wining to care for
child 3 yearn old while mother goes away S
morning* per week to work. Address box
■ «4«. Call office.
HOARDING 1 WANTED.-'
WANTED— Good home near school or board-
ing-school for boy of 9 years. Address, with
particulars and terms, box 650, Call : office.
YOUNO lady wishes room and board In private
y family. Box 644, Call office.WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To rent or buy. a tintype an
"\ Photograph outfit. Address T. W., irii
\ F^vt-nth st- West Oakland. Sjj
"v» ANTED— To rent or buy. a photograph gal
"y _ lery. Address box 017. Call office.
i WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves
etc ; .TAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market fit.
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins
wanted: best prices; send postal. 1020 Folsom
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; lowest rates
- no com. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7 City Hall Sqre
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
. bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission
PAWNBROKER— Old gold, stiver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
_^ aiEmcALl
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from Whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
moved by electricity: home In confinement:
best crre and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor before going elsewhere:
regulating pills and capsules. $1. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 91S Post St., near Larkin.
ALL of Dr Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on ail
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
. Grant aye.. B. F. A caution— Before pur-
chtning elsewhere, write us.
A PROCESS that never fails to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
hnv» failed: no instruments used: many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable; first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 1126 Market st.. over Owl Drug-store.
PT RK cure. wh*n others fail; no medicine or
instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for al! ferr.ale troubles, no matter from
what ciii.*r-: restore in 1 day: never fails: con-
sultation free; can be sent and used at home
DR POPPER. $18 Kearny. Orders by tele.
A LOON to wivs nnd mothers — Seguro; prli-«>
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO., 40C Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Begum Manu-
facturing Co.. "31 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
safe, quick cure guaranteed; any ailment;
maternity home; best care; skill only: low
.fees; Dr. Schuck's self-cure. $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
fer.i'. •• tri.ivs: no danger: safe, rur- ■ *2 "'■:
expresr C. O. D. : don't delay until no lute
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agent*. Oakland. Csl.
REMOVED— Mrs. Dr. Scott. 410 Geary st., now
1101 Market: female complaints and Jiseascs
of the eye permanently cured or no charge;
treatment by mall: Inclose stamp.
LADIES— Why suffer? Get released from
trouble; irregularities restcred without fail:
low fees; specific female pills. $1 SO. DR
SMITH, 1508 Market st. : 1 to 4. 7 to 8 p. m.
LADIES— Dr. Puetz ; Infallible safe reme-
dies; 18 years experience. 254 1 * Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
DRS. K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood.
skin or private diseases. 8 Mason st.. B. F.
STERILITY cuied by Mrs. Dr. Sattler, gradu-
ate midwife. 1709 Powell St.: ■!. red Kit
PARIS MATERNITY." €09 Bust St.; confine-
ment at home. 10 days. $20. Tel. Green ESI.
DENTISTS^
FULL set of teeth, $5; iiainl^sT^xtractlonTsee
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years: teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty: teeth Im-
planted or transplanted: fillings 66c, crowns
$3 50: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive, fact; full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put In without a plate: open evenings.
957 Market st . cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 695.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. nth: no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new: teeth from $S
per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
lst, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
NEW York dentists— Plates $5 up; stiver fill-
ings, 25c up; gold fillings, 7".c up; plates
mended, $1 up: painless extraction, 50c: all
work warranted. 9C9 Mission. BE. COT. 6th.
$.—. — FULL set of teeth; beet make; kept in
repair; extracting free: fillings. 50c: crowns,
$3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors. IS Third st.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. Cane and F. Teague. re-
moved to Call building. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
W. C. HARDIVG. M. D.. 500 Butter st., cor.
Powell; tel. Main 5375; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR J !
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. . "
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. II c"
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st
COLTON DTtal Association. SO6 Market St.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion* and wpnt ads taken.
LOST. "
$20 REWARD— Lost, on block bounded by
Halght, Fillmore. Webster and Waller sta.,
purse containing gold and check on Anglo-
Callfornia Bank. JOHN NOWLAN, 497
Haight st. ■;
LOST passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in the
same of JAMES C. CART, No. 211,050. The
finder will please return to bank.
GOLD watchchain, on Kearny st. ; liberal re-
ward. 222 Putter Ft.
GOLD watch, with pin attached: suitable re-
ward. Ad Iress box 656, Call office.
LOST— A peas-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco, in the
name of ANNIE C. WILLOCK; No. 216-1350.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Chamois bag, containing revolving
locket, breastpin. 3 rings, 2 pair earrings (1
black topaz, other rhinestone), 1 Mexican
. di liar, gold key and steel thimble: all me-
mentos. Finder leave at this office and re-
ceive $10 reward.
BRING old gold and silver to me and get cash
for It. UN'XK HARRIS. i:, Grant aye.
" HORSES^ ~
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. ISO 2 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth ft., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN *■ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
£0 HEAD of horses suitable for any business
Old Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk st.
4 MARKET fit.— Branch office of The call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
WAUO.'JS AND CARRIAGES.
EECOND-HAND grocery, bakery delivery
wagons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-sprlng delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. £2S Harrison st.
_ n^ __TE AS.
' TEAS.
20, 25, 30, - 35, 40. 50 per pound.
COFFEES,
10, 16, 20. 25. 35. 40 per pound.
SPICES,
10, 15, 20, 2. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERT CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES,
MUSIC BOXES.
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITT Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
M and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama at.; teL So 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth St.. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie ZOL
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. - -J.
M'QUEEN. 453 Stevenson; tel. S. 228. ■ .
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 420' Sutter;
tei. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM. prop. -
CLEANING, 3c; laying. 3c; rug samples free;
tel Jessie 944. Stratton. S Eighth. .
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like . new.
23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
3. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14tb
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. Telephone East 126. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES.
JSSO— SA LOON, corner on Sixth st.rT~block
from Market st.; or partner taken for $300;
good business: owner needs reliable man for
assistance. WILKE, 753 Market st.
jSO— ROADHOUSE, about 10 miles from San
Francisco; 2 acres of picnic ground, pavilion.
5 living rooms, dining hall; rent $40; a No. 1
paying place. Particulars, WILKE, 783
Market street.
200— CHOP and oyster house, half block from
Market st. and Baldwin Hotel; rent $45:
Kreatest bargain; owner must leave alone; a
great sacrifice. WILKE. 753 Market street.
A— s3so; best paying corner saloon en Sixth st. ;
rent $40; a genuine business offer: rarest
chance In the market. All particulars, call
WILKE. 753 Market st.
$iOO— CHOP house and restaurant; established
many years and doing a first-class business;
meals, 20 cents and above; choicest location
opposite ferry landing; rent low; lease.
WILKE. 753 Market st. ____
?250— SALOON: established years: close to three
theaters and Baldwin Hotel: low rent, doing
good paying business; first-class bargain.
WILKE, 753 Market st.
$2500— RAREST chance: corner saloon in very
best location in city; established many
rears; clearing above $250 per mo.: lease,
large stock; the very best class of customers.
Particulars, WILKE. 753 Market st.
$600^OLD and first-class paying saloon: close
to Baldwin Hotel: best class of custom; net
rent $»; a fine business opening. Inquire
WILKE. 763 Market St.
WOOD coal, feed store; good bargain.
$700— Saloon, best location in city. ......
$1700— grocery and bar: Western Addition.
$3.V>— Coal oil route: well established. .
$125— Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and other goo<l liarpnins at . .
ANDERSON & WINN'S. 777 Market st.
OTICI>-ARMSTRONG « CO.. S6SH Market
St., will sell your business quick for cash.
$1000— GROCERY and bar: line location.
$730— Restaurant doing good business.
$e?.o— Ixidglng house; best location.
Branch bakery near Market St.
See ARMSTRONG & ALLISON, Sfio^ l arket.
BAKERY and coffee parlor on principal
street; cost $2000; greatest bargain in the
city. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$300— SALMON; half price: going to Klondike.
CURRAN & CO., 80 Kearny st.
$225— BRANCH bakery and variety .re; 5
rooms. CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$500 SAFE and sure investment; transient
lodging-house; 60 beds: best location in city;
guaranteed to clear $85 monthly; no trouble
for party to run: month's trlnl before pur-
chasing. Apply HEALT & CO.. 917 Market
CANDY-BTORE: Market St.: receipts $300 per
month; offer wanted. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A GOOD chance for a live theatrical man: I
hold a I years' lease on the Jefferson Theater,
Seattle Wash., and will either take partner
or sell. Address E. B. FRIEND, manager
Jefferson Theater, Seattle, Wash.
BARBERS, attention Half Interest in good
barber-shop: reasonable price; good barber
only. Tl'S Fourth st., San Rafael. Cal.
LAUNDRY in good running condition, with
horse and wagon; for rent or for sale. Box :
6. r .2, Call office.
SALOON. 525>i Sansome St., near postofflce;
sickness cause of selling.
BRANCH bakery, stationery, lunch business
for sale. (16 Stockton st.
FOR PALE or trade— er-ahop: best stand
in San Francisco. Inquire 52 Eighth St.
GOOD morning paper route: part cash. Apply
•T. MARTIN. 6 Eddy St.. bet. 1 and 2 o'clock.
RESTAURANT doing good business for sale.
C 26 Washington Ft., in saloon: no agents.
WANTED- Partner in dyeing and cleaning es-
tablishment. S>29 Fo'.som st.
STOCK and fixtures of grocery store. iron
safe, scales, etc., located at 4CI Third st. :
also horses, harness, buggy, wagons, etc.,
for sale: sealed bids will be received by the
undersigned up to 11 a. m. Thursday. Janu-
ary a), 1898. Parties wishing to see inventory
or to inspect th* stock apply to D. A. CUR-
TIN. Mills building, third pot, room M.
LA BSTRELLA Mining and Milling Company
is prepared to sell a limited number of snares
at COc per share: cash or installments; see
our specimens in Tui lumnc County exhibit at
the Miners' Fair, and send for prospectus and
particulars to La Evtrella Mining and Mill-
ing Company, box 3?S, Sonora, Tuolumne
County. Cal.
GOOD CHANCE— NeatIy fitted up restaurant
for lie; doing good business: in the heart of
Oakland; don't fail to see this. Apply at 214
Sixth St.. Oakland.
PATENTS. '"
SMITH & OSBORN, Regist'd Patent Agents;
established 1562. 319 Pine Ft., city.
PAYING city route; clearing $100 a month or no
sale; trial given; no experience. 402H Geary.
$150— SALOON In best business block in this
city; for sale cheap. 637 Clay st.
; CHOP house for sale. Apply 29 Fourth st.
PARTNER wanted for general merchandise
and auction business in a prosperous mining
community: big returns already proven, war-
ranting increase of capital. Call or address
room 2. Crocker building.
$1100— BAKERY find confectionery in tli«tbest
part of city; store trade dally $19 to $22;
Sundays $25 to $40; outside trade 9 to 11;
without wagon route. Apply Call Office.
PLAY the races on our new system: $60 a week
on $100 capital: no charges unless successful.
Call or write the American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6, 850 Market St., S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 CO. postage
free.
FINE grocery and saloon: doing a large bar
business; transfer corner: located on Junc-
tion of car line. Inquire at grocery store,
northeast corner of Eighteenth and Valencia.
I have $200 which I would like to invest In
| an Interest In a cigar stand or some legiti-
j mate business; give full particulars. Ad-
dress box -627. Call office. ■•■ > .
PARTNER wanted In bar and dining-room of
a hotel which has the best location in town
ar.d has 25 rooms that are all taken. For
Information address box 618. Call.
WANTED— buy half or whole butcher busi-
ness In country: state particulars. Address
; box 624, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
$150— SALOON: bargain: good business place;
cheap rent; must be sold. 805 Howard st.
RESTAURANT for sale. 136 Second street.
GOOD paying saloon; A-No. 1 location. 606
Clay st.
.r27. r 27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branoh office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St.. Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
-
GENTLEMAN partner, commission business
in the country. IMB Market, rm, 17, 2d floor.
WOOD and coal yard for sale cheap: must be
sold by February 1. Address box 605, Call.
WANTED— Goodwill of country saloon; state
price: no agents. Box 561. Call office.
$25— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin; suit-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye. „"  ■_"■;■
| A WEEK'S pews for 5 cents— The Weekly
I Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
Restaurant: good business; trial given.
2?.?. Sixth st.
ALA X A ENTERPRISES.
WANTED Brlrht, honest man with $1000 To
$1500: business here In sight; no wildcat; in-
venor Dalton boat and Alaskan "life Jacket.
637 Ellis st., after 6 p. m.. or 113 First st.
No agent.
LODGING HOI. US FOR SALE.
160-ROOM hotel: 100 boarders $10,000
14-room house, on Post COO
S-rooni, for housekeeping '1M
34-room house, new..... 1600
100-room house; fine corner 7000
27-room house on Post st ICOO
14 -room house near Call office 500
34 rooms, fine corner 1600
89 rooms, corner, the very best 2000
14 rooms, on O'Farrell St., only 650
108-room hotel, only 6500
16 rooms, on Market, part offices 850
30-room house, must sell.. 750
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye, rent $40.... 600
12 rooms, central, good furniture :.... 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
'. WINSTON & CO.. — . —
— No. 646 MARKET STREET.
i RELIABLE BROKERS. '■
15 rooms, $400 cash, balance payments $800
21 rooms, ren.t $65; elegant: bargain 650
32 rooms, must be sold; sickness....... 700
22 rooms, near Market st.; bargain 425
18 rooms,' rent $50; house, full 600
82 rooms, corner, only 900
24 ROOMS: elegant location: clears $250 month;
rare bargain. Address Down-town, box 6.>3,
Call office. _^_ __j
FOR SALE— Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-
gome st. . .■ '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
THE furniture of a S-room cottage, set ready
for housekeeping; also several well-bred Jap-
anese pug dogs: everything goes at a bargain
to a cash buyer; premises to let. Inquire at
449 Bryant st. ,
FOR SALE — Nice furniture, 5 rooms, kitchen,
-3 upper rooms, rented; pay -the rent; sunny
side. 334 Turk St. ; -' - .
339 HATES ST.— Branch office ■'. of '*ne Call.
, Subscriptions and ads taken. J
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19, IS9B.
HOUSES TO LET.
$25— HOUSE" of 10 rooms, bath; garden, ' base-
ment; tunny belt. 109 Cumberland St., be-
tween IKb and 20th, Guerrero and Dolores.
WHY pay rent? Why net build? You can do
>>o. 1; you have mortgaged and wish to pay
It off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
ican Investors' Co., 11 Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN ~
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
WEBSTER, 1321. near O'Farrell— con-
venlent house, 6 rooms; only $23.
WILLOW aye.. 511— House of 3 rooms, with or
without stable. -•■■.■■ ' ■ ,
COTTAGES TO LET. ~~
ELLIS. 1706, nr. Stelner— Nicely renovated 6
rooms; bath; modern; water free, $17.
NEW 4. 5 and 7 r. : $10. $15 and $20; or will sell,
$50 to $150 cash; bal. same as rent. 646
Market st.
$7. $S and $9 cottages. S and 4 rooms; good or-
der. Apply 943 Bryant, or Umbsen & Co.. 14
Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET.
FLATS of 4 and 5 rooms on sunny side of
Clementina st., bet. First and Second. Keys
at 70 Clementina st.
DALE place, 12, off Golden Gate aye., between
L-avenworth and Hyde— 3 Urge rooms.
EIGHTEENTH, ISKA. near Hattle — Sunny
flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath, $10 and $13.
FOURTEENTH, 736, near Market— Handsome
middle flat: 7 rooms.
440 JESSIE, bet. Fifth and Sixth sts.-Suuny
side flat of 5 rooms.
NEW modern flat: just completed: latest im-
_ provements. 828 Lombard St.. cor. Jones.
ALL OVER T"w>r ~
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A $25 nice cottages and fiats on Geary st., nr.
Polk. SPECK CO.. 602 Market st. •
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large yard;
cellar; sun all day; $10.
UPPER sunny corner flat, 7 rooms; rent low.
M Page st.
PERRY. 117. bet. Third and Fourth— Bay-win-
dow flat of 5 rooms and bath.
STEVENSON. 1606, near Eighteenth— Flat of 4
rooms; hall; double parlors; $10.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
el r> : low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
. HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BARTLETT. 414, near Twenty-flth— 3
rooms, sink room and bath: all sunny; nicely
furnished; hot water supplied; rent $15.
BUSH, 2526—1 furnished sunny front rooms for
tight housekeeping; no children.
CAPP, 614— 2 sunny rooms: furnished for house-
keeping; also single rooms.
ELLIS, IM. Furnished back room; privilege
light housekeeping; closet; stove; water; $10.
ELLIS, 618—2 sunny front rooms. $12; 2 com-
fortable back rooms, $9.
FIRST, 23—3 nice front rooms, completely fur-
nlshel for housekeeping. $12.
F<>f.K<>M, T2X. nr-itr Second — Large front bay-
wlnduw room for housekeeping; one single
•a; also hot and cold water and bath.
FRANKLIN, r,;s Pnfurnished front room,
carpet e.l. and kitchen; for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 4<H^ 3 : sunny front
rooms: compote housekeeping; $25; also un-
furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aveT. 820— Sunny parlor floor;
housekeeping; |25; ulso other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., <04— S sunnT front
housekeeping, rooms; $?5: also parlor floor.
OROVK. 2D2. cor. Van Ness aye.— Bunny unfur-
nished 3-room suites; with gas stov.->.
HAIGHT, i v "" Two h"us«-keepins rooms, with
use of bathroom.
HOWARD, fXt—t rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping: rent I"*.
HOWARD, S2l-H 'ustkeeping rooms: single. $7
and ts per month; suites. $12; other rooms.
JKSHIR. 433—2 nice sunny furnished house-
k.-plng rooms; rent p>; cheap.
MARTHA PLACE, I off (ieary. bet. Taylor
and Mason— Furnished room for light house-
keeping.
mission. ss9— Nice large rooms, with grate.
$L': liplit h' 'Us-keeping.
NINTH at. sunny; bay window and
grate; also 1 small room; reasonable.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 106 ' h.ap "furnished
housekeeping and single rooms.
O'FARRELL. M.". 1 ? < >ne to five unfurnished
rooms and bathroom; reasonable.
SECOND, ES — Light housekeeping, single and
doubts n>oms: very reasonable.
SIXTH. ll'.<A— 3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
oocnplete for housekeeping.
BOtTH PARK, 1M 1 sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
BTANLET Place, 19~»W. 6 nice |un~ny rooms,
im luding linth; also $7 80, 4 k 1 r™ms.
VAN NESS AYE., -17. cor. Bllii si Sunny
front housekeeping. $1S: also unfurnished.
€15 LAHKIN-Branch office of the Call. dut>-
sqrliitionH and want mis taken.
MONEY loaned on watches. d!nmnnd<t, Jew-
elry; low interest, t'nele Harris. U Grant ay.
ROOMS TO LET.
SHERMAN Apartrrv nt If USA, ■ E?ghth at_
near Maiket: furnished and unfurnished.
FIFTH, m Clean, sunny furßiahed; single
>6; double $S; also unfurnished.
OBART, Ml r.'.f-tcant sunny housekpg rooms.
complf-te; nls,i double, single; reasonable.
GEARY. 402-Sunny furnished" rooms for gents-
s€ and 17.
HOWARI>. 71.'. St Davids— £oo rooms; suites;
single: sunny r«-:iding-ri>om ; 2."..- up.
HOWARD. Bl— The Globe « room*;~~su7te an< j
single; reading rooms; from 2.c per night
and fl per week up.
JESSIE. 43.".. rear of Mint -Two neat, sunny
rooms: rents $4 and *«: private family.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st -Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect : terms reasonable
LARKIN. 327— Newly furnished sunny ' ■
rooms, near Pavilion, for Jubilee visitors.
LARKIN. SOl— Sunny front ro^rn. with large
closet, 15 per month.
MARKET. in? 2 (New management 1 ; fine, clean
roomsj, $1 to 12 H per wwk: transient. 25c up. ,
MARTHA PLACE, X off Geary, b^t Taylor
and Mason- Ni'-e furnished front room for
1 or 2 persons.
M M. LISTER. 114-Flat 8^ newly furnished
sunny rooms; batb; quiet; reasonable.
McAllister, 14— Fine large studioV
rooms, offtc.'s. JS i>»-r month up; suites, $14.
MCALLISTER, IOSO A front furnished roon
sun all day; running water; kh": $0 per mth.'
MINNA. BC7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 a week.
MISSION! l".l Newly furnished middle parloT-
largp Iront room; top floor; folding beds.
MISSION. 1" 4 unfurnished rrK>ms7lbath"and
stationary tubs.
MISSION. 921V4— Tctce front room; gas and
bath: Ifi month.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI "Mission; select family
rooming Ik. use; $1 50 to $6 per week.
POST. 2400 -Sunny furnished room In private
family; use of kitchen, or board of desired-
cheap to desirable party.
POWELL, M New house; newly furnished^
suits and single; also offlce rooms.
GRAND SO7-THERN. MB. ear. «— — Mi
Mission— Pleasant sunny room?, en suite and
?lnr;l.-: elevator; moderate rates: families
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms sit lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
I.arge. nicely furnished rooms
single or double; running water; closet; fl 2."i
a w<-ek up.
SIXTH. 244— Nice sunny single rooms; $5 per
month.
SIXTH, 125— Cheapest In city; nicely furnished
sunny front rooms, double and single.
BTOCKTON, it. European ElesaM roorniT
suite or single; day. week or month: baths'
h>t and cold water: trunslent; elevator.
TAYLOR. l, r .09, near Pacific— Sunny room: pri-
tamtty; refsrtiKjes; rent $s.
WASHINGTON, SO2-Why pay and use
extra fuel? 3 sunny housekeeping rooms $B-
also 2 for $6.
600 BUSINESS cards printed $1; 25 vlsltins
cards. 25c. HILL. 724K Market st.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch stfos of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew"
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW wishes few Infants to board. 261 i
Bryant st.. bet. 24th and 26th.
WIDOW would like 2 children- to board; large
sunny yard; near school. 51 Clara st.
AMERICAN ia.lv llvir.R In one of the h— lfhl
' est locations in San Rafael will take chil-
dren of good family to board; best ol care
and training. Address W. A. ¥ box 652.
San Rafael.
WANTED— A child over 3to raise: referenceT
Address A, Call, Sixteenth and Mission.
BOARDING AND ROOMS
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board. $3 SO.
FELL. 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional; parlor for 2 with board. $35.
FOLSCM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
ropm. S4 to $3 p*»r week; nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY; beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
LYON. 18, cor. Fulton— Front room, with
i board,- in private family: near panhandle.
VAN NESS aye., SOS— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: (rood board: terms moderate.
STORES TO LET.
TO LET— Stores and lodging houses of the
Lincoln School property, southeast corner
Market and Fifth sts. A. J. RICH & CO.,
Real Estate Agents. 11l Montgomery st.
STORE and rooms for grocery or bakery; fix-
tures. Corner Page and L&guna Eta.
STORE and 6 rooms; suitable for butcher
shop or fruit store: cheap. Cor. Twenty-
seventh and Alabama.
OFFICES TO LET.
2 BAY-WINDOW suites. 2, 3 rooms, nicely fur-
nished; suitable offices; reasonable. 321F.11i5.
218 SANSOME st., now occupied by W. Loaiza
& Co.' ASHTON. 411 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL. .
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil & milling engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. ; 2" teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1S?2; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College. 325 Montgomery st. ;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, }:<J; low rates per week and month.
ASSAYING— A few students in assaying at
reduced rates; apply at once. A. A. HANKS.
718 Montgomery tract. :'-•'■■-
ENGINEERING school.; civil, electrical, mln-
ing, m<»ch.. survey, assay, archit. ; day 4 eve.:
est. LM4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st. < V-- :■
LADY teaches piano, mandolin. 50c an hour;
excellent pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
i BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram^
I mar: day. night; $3 mo. 1504 Market, op. Sth.
INDIVIDUAL instruction, shorthand and type-
writing; terms reasonable. 1015 A Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket st.; 124 positions in '96: 103 In '97.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 92$ Sutter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER, teacher mandolin,
guitar and banjo. 1-35 Market st.. oft Mason.
j VOICE culture. piano Paris graduate; French.
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 103 Taylor st.
FISK teachers' agencies In 10 cities; teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons;
$3 month. Man' Westhaus. 39 Fifth st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need Dot
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $3. $6, $7. $S, £>,
i $10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
! eluded ;no charge for cartage. I'urcahse your
j medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and SO O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
I est. Everything possible done to please and
( satisfy the customer.
BEFORE buying a piano it will pay you to
consult us. Why? Because we buy only in
carl.. ad lots, pay cash for everything and
give the purchaser th" advantage gained
thereby. I'.ENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 to 20
O'Farrell st.. Curtax block.
CONOVER. slightly used, $350.
Sttdnway. slightly used. $275.
Chlckerlng, second hand. $190.
Large stock, lowest pr c*«, rent. Installments.
The F. W. BPENCEB CO., 933 Market st.
PIANOS at cut prices; Improre the opportu-
nity; agency famous H^lnen Rros . Rush ft
Gerts nnd Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft ft Co.. 324 Post.
KEEFFES. 1021 Van N's^ aye.. 3 fine up-
rights, little used. sacrificed. Schubert.
Pteinway and Decker Bros.
DECKER * SON planoc are always satisfac-
tory. Oet low prices from Mauvals Music
Co . -r.c, Market «t.
BOHMERftCo., Ryron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Bripgs and other plnnos; see our rent plan;
no Interest flrit year. SOS. 310. 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sal*»-Mu?t sel! pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
A fine piano sacrifice! for cash: see It this
morning, as the first raller will surely take
It Room 12 Fl.>od building.
SMALT.ERT ad. lowest price. Heine. 1S« Ellis.
A B0: fine large upright: sacrificed for cash.
1361 Folsom St.. corner Tenth.
!<■> piano: splendid instrument; great sacri-
fice. HSlti Mission st.
BARGAIN-Nlce upright cheap. ScHMITZ. 16
McAllister st., near Hibernla Bank.
HORNUNG'S new style pianos: most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone 21fi Post st.
KINGSBURY OW7 model) Is. the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. .r26. r 26 Hayes St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNAttK pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHT.FT? 'A CHASE. Sfl O'Farrell st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
OLD buildings bought and removed at short
notice. Apply Old Bay District Track build-
Ings or 623 A Ellis. J. ,B. FRENCH.
FOR SALE— A large dog; cross between St.
Bernard 'and Newfoundland; 14 months old.
Apply 1309H Dolores Ft . city. -^
FOR Double-end loat, 24x8:6; all com-
plete; $75.' MRS. VOGEL. 1103 Kentucky St.,
near Eighteenth!
FINK saloon front, embossed stained glass,
j nickel plate, very cheap. 1166 Mission st.
A SUNBURST cluster diamond lady's pin for
$40; coft $100. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
BLACKSMITH'S outfit for sale; also stalls to
let, $1 75., 1166 Mission. _^
FOR SALE— Furniture of 4 rooms, complete;
cheap. ClOVi Natoma st. t
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
PIPE for sale— looo feet 4, 5 and 6 Inch;
wrought iron; good as new; half price. Ap-
ply. 2518 Pine st. ,
FINE Urge dog for sale; for Klondike. 1133
Folsom st. • ; '
FOR -Second-hand . lumber, t. and g.. $8i
flooring. $10; pine, $6; Bay District track
buildings.
ST. BERNARD and black French poodle pups,
Danes, fox terriers, foxhound bitches; clos-
ing out kennels. 405 Frederick st. . .- .
GAS Ftoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber washstnnds. cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO., 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
Uses; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, to per do«. ;
Projectoscope, 1100. Baclgalupl, 933-646 Mrkt.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck. letter-press,
desk and cafe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission gt., above Sixth. ■
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR SALE— Cheap; second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st. •
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, • pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. 627 Mission st.
' . SEWING MACHINES.
12 MONTHLY; rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rates: 205 Fourth St.
, PROPOSALS. •
UNITED States Engineer Office. Burke build-
ing. Seattle. Wash.. Dec. 22. Sealed
* proposals for constructing a mortar battery
I on Admiralty Head, Wash., will be received
here until 2 p. m., v Jan. 26. 1898. and then
publicly opened. Information furnished on
application. HARRY TAYLOR. Captain of
Engineers. _'_; ____^2__ ..': "
_ . :■; , TYPEWRITER
REMINGTON^ No. 3; fine order; $23; .sample
sent. SCOTT & BANK AN, 333 Montgomery.
PERSONALS.
JOHN THOMPSON HlLTON— lnformation re-
quested concerning above named person; re-
ported to have died in California in IS9O or
USSS. Address JOHN T. STONE, 421 Mont-
gomery st., S. F.
YOUNG roan, SO, some means, wishes German
or Danish lady friend; object, matrimony..
Box 64:.. Call office.
|73 ORDER; lady's tailor-made suit for $25.
Box 651. Call office.
1000 CARDS, $1 50; 1000 bill heads. $1 90; 1000
statements. $1 90: 1000 letter heads, $2 60: 1000
envelopes, $1 90; printed. first class: orders of
• J6 sent free. BROWN & BLEY CO., print-
ers and photo-engravers, 19 to 27 Stevenson.
DR. CONDORY*
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price,
100 capsules $10, 1000 capsules $90. Address
DR. V. CONDORY.
BS9 Howard st.
PROF. J. OREVKN will Introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall. on January 26. 1888. Miss
M. De Chent, dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor.
ONLY the best of expert artists employed here;
fine work for Be: good switches, $1; finest,
best quality, $3 50; extra "• heavy, long, $5;
open Sundays from 9 to 12 a. m. G. LEDE-
RER. 11l Stockton st.
810 outdoor stereoetlcon show every night
cor. Market and Sixth; artistic advertise-
ments in living light: promoters of business.
_ Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market wt.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market; 200 rooms.
ISo to $1 GO per night; $1 50 to $« per week;
free bus and baggage to and . from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nur3«;
baths; jc'ulne massage: Bwcdish movement;
ladler. gents. 90S Market, room 25. 2d floor.
NJsW method: massage and electric treatments
for nervousness, genernl debility, etc.; hours
10 to 6. MRS. JOHNSON. 514* Geary st.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty: private;
r>o fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE. att-at-Uw. J3O Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. PRINT. M 5 Clay St.. S. F.
FIRST-CLAPS business cams, cheap. West
Coast Publishing Co., 14 McAllister, room 20.
FRENCH cooking lessons; MRS. M. ERIKSON.
714 Leavenworth : W<\.. 3-5; Sat.. 3-5: Tu.. 8-10
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOB. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
QTINOXIA hair tonic; a preparation unsur-
ia3>-"d: So. <J. LEDEREn. 11l Stockton st.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. NEU-
HAt'S & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny at.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale flrures. 20 Sansome st.
BRANCH office of The Call, 167 Ninth »t-—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SL'PERFLUOVS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS. PR WELCH. ItH Rn«h
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreasea,
I* up: dresses made over, fi Ed<ly st.. rm. SI.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life: she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the fparateil, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled property; locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 n. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rras. 25 A 2fi. \2fA Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil and" second sight;
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.. 50c;
tents $1: palm. A clalrv. ; sit. II ~,0. 126 Turk.
RF.MOVED— Mme. I#ncmar tells fortunes by
I-lanets: prd'td ■"74" steamer on island. 23Vs
Sixth, room 6.
MMX. LINDEN, card reader and magnetlst.
hns returned: charms. 12« Fourth st., room 2S.
MISS LITE LAGT'ED. card reader and palm-
ist. 214 O'Farrell St.. rooms 2 and 3.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant aad
water reader. 921H Mission St.. opp. Mint.
MME. ZINELLA. the. business medium and
astrologer. Room 12. 109 Grant aye.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist; read-
Ing* ?:.c this week: satisfaction gar'td. 2« 6th.
MME BTfnUJE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MISS rEAHIi HARRISON; card-reader and
magnetic healer. l!0<4 Geary, parlors 2 and 3.
MMF.. HANSKN". palmist, card-writer; past,
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth, room 5.
MMR SODAN. Scotch seeress, card-reader and
palmist 619 Eddy. 9toB P. M.
RAY FAlR— Card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty itt Post St.. room 2.
MISS EDNA V GRANT, mind reader and
pnlmlst. 131 Taylor St.. room 3.
MIS? MIRANDA, mind reader, electro mag-
netic treatments. 1122 Market St., room 31.
MMF. WOODS, mind render, card reader, mag-
netic charms. 207 Post St., room 8.
MMF MOREAU, test medium, clairvoyant,
card reader; 15c up. 7S Fourth St., upstairs.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium find genuine mag-
netic healer. 128 Seventh St.. second floor.
MMF. MABEL HALL, card reader, has located
at 1104 Mission St.. room in.
MISS LOLA M BTEVKNB. card-reading and
magnetic treatment. 225 Mason, suite 1-2.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names giver.: 25c up. X Fourth nt.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings dally. 123^ Sixth st.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession- r.ever fails: advice- help. 9*9 Post
SIMH.TLALISM.
TEST rm-tlr.g. S p. m.. 10c: 335 McAllister «t .
Stilt. Ntta. Mrs Robinson. Evens, Meakin.
Hargmve, Hanson.
C. V. MILLER, returned; materializing trum-
pet seance. 8 p. m . 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' last materializing
seance Wednesday evening; 50c. 227 Sixth st.
MRS. MAYo STEERS. 1124 Oak: circles
, Tues. 8 p.m.. Thurs 2 p.m.: 25c: readings $1.
PEOPLE'S Spiritual Society. 11l Lark In St., 8
p. m.; good talent; free.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slate-writer; de-
veloping circle Wedn.-sdMy eve. lIS Halght st.
MRS. HOSKINS. spiritual medium: circle
Tues.. 8 p. m.. So: readings, $1. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
p-»««i»ee« nni' nrivir* ?J« SfvMt'nn =t.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate; 2d
& 3d mortgages, estates, undivided interests,
real estate In probate, life insurance, goods in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. .J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market St.: tel. Green 204.
WE loan on real estate at 6 and 6H per cent:
also on second mortgages; life Insurance and
real estate in probate:- any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co.. r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no
commission; lowest Interest: part payments
received: money quick and confidential. 1170
Market St., room 63. - J>: . V,
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds; low interest;
perfect secrecy: private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs: strictly private; low
rates:, tel. Red 1121: established 1869.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary st.
ON furniture, pianos: no commission: low
rates: private. SCRIBNER & CO., 7 City
Hall Square.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. BOS California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Mkt st.
On pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
1100.000 ON life Insurance policies; low inter-
est. JOS B. TOPLITZ. 880 Pine st.
10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper.- for mailing. -
— —^— — — — — — —^ — — — -—
~ ~ FINANCIAL. ~
J. BOAS. 330 Montgomery St.— Loans on life
Insurance policies and buys bank books. |
LOANS on real * estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
1 rat»» AFFF 8R05... 10R Montgomery st.
mm^m^ — — — — — — — — — i —^—
- - PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
"1208 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY HEAL. ESTATE.
BARGAIN — Handsome 2-story, 6- room cottage;
very sunny; fine view; 1114 Green st.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
STOP paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and awning your own home is worthy of
a great struggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry,
plenty of closet room, sink tiled, fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern improvements up to date: must be seen to
be appreciated: J. 1000: terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Cortland aye. and
Mission st.. to J. M. COMERFORT"). from 1 to
3:30 p. m. : take Mlssion-st. cars to Cortland ay.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, basement: lot 30x49: on
Church st.. one block from cars: $1200.
GEORGE PATTERSON & CO., 1709 Market.
$650 WILL build 4-room cottage complete:
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder. 521
X st.. Sunset District.
HOUSE, 6 rooms; barn, 2 cows and chicken-
house. 745 Minnesota St., near Twentieth.
4-HM. cottage and lot. $1500: 1 block from Mis-
sion cars; $16 monthly. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
10- ACRE fruit ranch In full bearing: near
Santa Rosa: 4-room house, barn: will ex-
change for city property. Address box 595,
Call.
HOUSE of 9 rooms: modern; yard 150 by 200
feet; greenhouse plants, good water, stable
and chicken yard: also goldfish pond; big bar-
gain. Call at -this office.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly Improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 703. Claus Spreckels building
FOR sale— Glen Annie ranch, one of the best-
known ranches in Southern California. Ap-
fly J. PERCY LAWTON. Santa Barbara.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Sha»ta County, Cal.
LITTLE home* close to town: Improved; ea»y
terms: alPo 4 to 1? aTP pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWTNG. Sonoma City:
pvtv Monday st R32 Market st .. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
"WHY not look into this If you desire a rare
homeolte? $10 cash and any cum you can af-
ford to pay monthly: build your own home
or we will build It for you; Gallndo Tract,
East Oakland; the soil and climate Is su-
perb; all level, with grand view; city water
and sewer: fin* public school and electric-
cars; streets all graded and macadamized:
nice homes surrounding and building •■ up
rapidly. Call or send for circular. 459 Ninth
Ft., bet. Broadway and Washington St., Oak-
land ; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
MODERN residence, 9 rooms, bath, cemented
basement, etc.; near Grove st. lot 50x160;
plumbing nickel plated; electric wiring:
street work complete: price $3500': terms to
suit. Lake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED.
Manager. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AIjAMEIIA REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly"
Call, sent to any address in the United States
or Canada nne year for tl 50. postage fnx».
I'KOPERTY TO KXCHANGP.
LEASEHOLD. 13 years to run; bringing In $45
rent: value $2500: for hack, horses, furniture.
yacht or equity in small ranch. J. F.
PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st.
GOOD-RENTING Oakland property to ex-
change for ranches. EDSON & TURTON,
1209 Broadway. Oakland.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. I
ADVICE Private law matters; moderate
fees. ATTORNEY McCABE. 103 Larkin st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
STORAGE.
AT low Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOON AN. 1017 to 1023
Mission st., above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. Mo Mission st. Tel. Mint 182 L
. MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Peter J. Popoff and Julia Metropalsky,23—
Harry Silversteln and Etta Lewis. 26—19.
Charles F. Jones and Lillian Seeber. 32—24
Lars J. Larsson and Emma H.Johnson,49— 3l
John J. Jordan and Mary Mulligan, 32—25.
Charles L.Rehbe and Emma Queliwalz, 33—2s
Solomon Steinhart and Amalia Augenbllch
34—23.
Valdemar P. Cavalsky and Gabrielle J. Gult-
tar.l. 29—17.
Alfred E. Acklom and Mary Scelwes, 41 —
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
ANDERSON— In this city, January 16. 1898, to
the wife of Gus Anderson, a daughter.
INNER— this city. January 14. 1898, to the
wife of Robert Bonner, a son.
BECKLEY— In San Bernardino. January 11.
IS9B. to the wife of L. E. Beckley. a son.
COLE— In Alameda, January 17, 1898, to the
wife of Herbert 11. Cole, a son.
DAVIS— In this city, January 14. 1898, to the
wife of William Davis, a daughter.
j HOOS— In Oakland, January 12. 1838, to the
wife of Henry M. Hoos, a daughter.
JENNINGS— In San Bernardino, January 11,
IS9B, to the wife of J. Jennings, a son.
PERSWATI— In San Jose. January 14. IS9S. to
the wife of P. Perswati. a daughter.
SUNTERS— In Eureka, January 7. IS9B, to the
wife of Mr. Sunters. a daughter.
PRESTON— In Arcata Bottom, January 13
UN, to the wife of William Preston, a
daughter.
VIOLKT- In Shaws Crossing. January 13, 1898
to the wife oC John Violet, a son.
MARRIED.
BENSON— ODELL— In Santa Monica, January
12, ISM, Ralph Benson of Redlands and Edith
V. < i.1.-ll of Snnta Monica.
CON DEE— NEWCOMB— In Riverside. January
12, I*&S, by the Key. E. F. Goff, Robert A.
Coodee and Mac Xewcomb.
LANGDON— SULLIVAN— In Oakland. January
17, IS9S, by the Rev. Robert F. Coyle, D.D.,
Walter Ci. Langdon and Mary I. Sullivan.
STROBRIDGE— RENNER— In Eureka, Janu-
ary U, ISM, by Justice of the Peace C. E
BRldwln, Andy L. Strobridge and Lena A
Renner, both uf Arcata. '
hied.
Aitken. James Hoey, Thomas
Adams. James Hattkell, John McM.
Allen. Llllie J. James. Joseph P.
Prf>nnailack, Emily J. Kolkmann. Hermann
Unwrnun, Grace A. K«rr, Mrs. Laura L
Baldwin, William E. Mentz. Maria
Bemllt, Leah Merchant. Albert
Brown, George W. Meiggs, James
Blythe. Alice C. Nolan. Charles A,
Culligan, Andrew Neus. Samuel
Clinton, George Owens, John E.
Clark, Mildred A. Page. Mary
Dunkerley, Joseph Tires. Josephln*
De Long. Charles W. Sanders, Henry
Drews. Mrs, L. A. Sheehan, Henry P.
Dlxon. John L. Schmidt, Charles
K.i.-niiiK-. Mrs. Jane Stege. Richard
Forquero, Laura Start, Sarah A.
Golly. Anna E. Wright, Catherine
Grifnn. Henry H. S. Walker, Dennis A.
Graham, Robert Tancey, Tyron M.
AITKEN— In this city, January 17, 1898, James
Aitken, beloved father of Andrew N., James
C. and Jean P. Aitken and Mrs. A. B.
Brandt, a native of Kllmarnoek, Scotland,
aged 74 years and 4 months.
C/"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner of Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge
No. 30. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of Craig
& Cochran Company.
ADAMS— In this city. January 18. 1898. James
Adams, a native of Troy, N. T., aged 79
years and 9 days.
ALLEN— In Monterey, January 7, 1898, Lillis
Jane, beloved daughter of Thomas W Allen
a native of Monterey, aged IS years 10 months
and 2$ days.
BENNALLACK— In this city, January 17. 1898
Emily Jane, beloved mother of George C
BennaUack. a native of Wales, aged 35 years
and 9 months.
E5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street. In-
terment private.
BOWMAN— In this city, January 18, 1898
Grace Altha, youngest daughter of Har»y and
Minnie Bowman, a native of San Francisco
aged 2 years and 3 months.
BALDWIN— In Eureka. January 11, 1898 Wil-
liam Edward Baldwin, a native of Wiscon-
sin, aged 38 years.
BEXDIT— In this city. January 18, IS9S, Leah
relict of the late Samuel Bendlt, and dearly
bel i.ved mother of Mrs. Herman Conn and
Mrs. Max Bornstein of Seattle, a native of
New Orleans, La., aged 59 years and 3
months.
BROWN— In Gold Hill District, January 8,
IS9S. George \V. Brown, a native of Louis-
ville, Ky., aged 73 years and 15 deys.
BLYTHE— In Log Angeles, January 13, 1898,
Alice C. Blythe. of Redlands.
CULLIGAN— In this city, January 16, IS9S. An-
drew, beloved husband of Margaret Culllean,
and father of Lizzie, Th"ma« and Edward
Culligan. a native of County Month, Ireland.
U-^Friemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2307 Bryant street, thence to St.
Peter's Church. Alabama street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
DIVISION NO. 8. A. O. H. of A.— Members of
Division No. 8, A. O. H. of A.; You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
deceased brother, Andrew Culligan, this As- "
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clocic, from his late
residence, 2307 Bryant street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. By order of
> . M. FITZGERALD, Pres.
J. J. MORAN. Sec.
CLINTON— In Elmhurst. January 16. IS9B,
George, beloved husband of Margery Clinton
and father of Cora and George Clinton, a
native of New York, aged 63 years.
CTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his
late residence, corner Bay View avenue and
Hillside street, Elmhurst. Interment at St.
Miry's Cemetery. Oakland.
CLARK— this city. January 17, 1898, at her
residence, 2218 Webster street, Mildred
Amldon, beloved daughter of Franklin J. and
Mary Cheney Clark, a native of Boston,
Mass.
CL?" Notice of funrral hereafter.
DUNKERLEY— In this city, January 17, 189S,
Joseph Dunkerley, beloved father of Mrs. C.
X Munck and grandfather of Mrs. Grai-e
Banner, Joseph and the late Myrtle Rich-
ards, a native of Lancashire, Enkland, aged
T> years.
(CyFriendu are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at H
a. m., from his late residence. 35 Fulton
street. Interment at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
DE LONG— In this city, January IS, IS9B,
Charles W., beloved son of William anq
Amelia De Long, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 months and 15 days.
DREWS— In this city. January 17, IS9B, Mrs,
L. A. Drews, a native of New York, aged 6#
years.
DIXON— In Redlands, January 12. 189S, John
Lawrence Plxon, aged 22 years.
EASTLAKE— In Eureka, January 12, 1898, Mrs,
Jane Eastlake, a native of New Brunswick,
aged 72 years and 11 months.
FORQUERO— In Moccasin Creek, January 9,
1898, Laura Forquero, a native of California,
aged 25 years.
OOLLY— In Oakland. January 16, IS9B, Anna
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Leon Golly and
daughter of Mrs. Margretha Schwerdt, a na-
tive of Cincinnati, aged 42 years and 10
months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
family residence, 1102 Myrtle street, Oakland.
Interment at Mountain View Cemetery.
GRIFFIN— In this city, January 18, 1898, Henry
H. S.. beloved husband of Maggie Orlffln,
bon of Frank and Abble Grirnn. and brother-
in-law of Mrs. Mary Fox, a native of Man-
chester, New Hampshire, aged 48 years.
GRAHAM— In Eureka, January 15. 1898. Robert
Graham, a native of Canada, aged 29 years.
HOEY— In this city, January 18, 1898, Thomas,
beloved son of the late Thomas and Liza
Hoey, and brother of Lawrence, John A.,
Joseph, Kate and Jennie Hoey and Mrs. J.
McCarthy, a native of San Francisco, axed
SO years and 29 days.
HASKELL— In Arcata, January 9, 1898, John
MeMaster Haskell Br., a native of Maine,
aged 63 years 5 months and 8 days.
JAMKS — In San Bernardino. January 8, 1898,
Joseph Parker James, aged 79 years,
Kt'LKMANN— In this c'ty, January 17, 1898.
Hermann F., beloved father of Ctto C, Her-
mann J. and William H. Kolkmann and Mrs.
Robert T. Smith, a native of Langewedel,
Germany, aged M years t months and 9 days.
(New York and St. Louis papers copy).
IC?" Friends and acquaintances and members
of Manzanlta Tribe No. 4, Improved Order of
Red Men, "and Eureka Lodge No. LIES,
K. Nt H.. are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral this day (Wednesday,, at 10 a.m.,
from Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street. Intrr-
mer.t at Cypress Lawn. Remains at parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., undertakers. lIS
Geary street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
I. O. R. M.— Manzanlta Tribe No. 4, Improved
Order of Red Men: Members are requested
to assemble at the Wigwam. 320 Post street,
this day (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. Her-
mann F. Kolkmann. Members of sister
tribes are respectfully Invited to attend.
J. J". BRESLIN, Sachem.
L. RECKLESS. C. of R.
KERR— In Soulsbyville, January 8, 1898, Mrs.
Laura L. Kerr, a native of New York, aged
2o years and 3 months.
MENTZ— In this city, January 18, 1898, Maria,
mother of Charles H. Mentz, a native of
Germany, aged 70 years.
MERCHANT— In Eureka, January 10, IS9B, Al-
bert Merchant, a native of Connecticut, aged
66 years.
MEIGGS— In San Jose, January 16. 18D8, James
Melggs, a native of New York, aged R2 years
in months and 3 days.
NOLAN— In this city, January 17, 1898. Charles
Augustus, beloved son of John C. and Gene-
vleve Nolan, a native of Oakland, aged 3
years and 8 months.
NEAS— In this city, January 1". 1898, Samuel
Neas, a native of Germany, aged 93 years.
OWENS— In this city, January- 17. 189S, John
Edwin, beloved son of J. E. and Kate Owens,
and brother of Harry, Mabel and Gertrudo
Owens, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
ye,ar3 10 months and 14 days.
t£?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dnv
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1315 Point Lobos avenue, thence to
Star of the Sea. Church, Eighth avenue,
Richmond, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hte
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PAGE— In this city, January 18, 1898, Mary,
beloved wife of Philip P. Page, mother of
Philip. Veronica and Eva Page, and beloved
sister of Eva Dlßch, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years.
PIRES— In this city, January 18, 1898. Joseph-
ine, beloved wife of Manuel Ig. Plres, and
beloved mother of Frank. Mamie and Tony
Pires, a native of Portugal, aged 25 years.
SANDERS— In this city, January 16, 1898,
Henry Sanders, beloved father of Mrs.
Adolph Blalch. and grandfather of Fred,
Adolph and Robert Blalch, a native of au-
rlch, Ostfriesland, Germany, aged 66 years 2
months and 16 days. A member of Germanla
Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F., and King Solo-
mon-s Lodge No. 260, F. and A. M.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(■Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his lat«
residence. 1522 l^arkln street, corner of Wash-
ington. Intermpnt I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHEEHAN— In Browns Valley, Tuba County,
January 16, IS9B, Henry P. Sheehan, beloved
soq of the late Mary Amrheln, brother of
Lawrence B. Sheehan and the late David W.
Sheehan. and stepbrother of Charle3 L. Amr-
heln, a native of Forest City. Sierra County,
Cal.. aged 34 years and 2 months.
iE7 Friends and acquaintances are respe^t-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of C. Amrheln. 312 Seventh street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
vices will be held ior the repose of his soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city. January 17, 1898,
Charles Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged
77 years.
IE?" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of ' Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment National Cemetery.
• BTEGE— In Stege, January 17, 1898. Richard,
father of Edith Stege. a native of Bremen.
Germany, aged 67 years and 6 months.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, at Stege. Friends can take the 9
a. m. boat from San Francisco. Interment
private. »
START— In San Jose, January 14. 1898, Sarah
A..- wife of Clarkson Start, a native of In-
diana, aged 73 years 11 months and 20 days.
WRIGHT— In this city, January IS, 1898. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late William
Wright, mother of Charles E. Mahan. and
sister of Captain John Mahan. a native of
Sidney. Cape Breton, aged 62 years 10 months
and 2 days.: : ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Francis
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission
street.
WALKER— In San Jose. January 16. 1898, Den-
nis A. Walker, a native of California, aged
23 years 5 months and 16 days.
. YANCET— In Sonora, January 12. 1898, Tjron
M. ■ Tancey, a native of Tennessee, aged 71
i years. --.■.. .
i _* „ -
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, "" I ™
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS 1
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. £
Telephone. South SO. I
I — _.__zm^__ Z—
In. B. m'avot. Manager.
McAVOY & CO., •
* FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th.
i Telephone. South 247. i
Estab. 1858 Tel. 'South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
. Funeral Directors and Embnlraefs,
22, AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the us»
i of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
SELLS BURIAL LOTS AND GRAVES.
PERPETUAL CARE.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
j Junction of Busb Street and . Central
>-•'■;■' Avenue, San Francisco. v
1110
OPPOSED TO
THE MONKEY
PARK SCHEME
Dr. Clinton's Course
Approved by Mis
sion Taxpayers.
They Decide toCall aMass
Meeting of Property-
Holders.
How the Appeal Was Made to
Dr. Clinton to Take Charge
of the Job.
SUPERVISORS TO GO SLOW.
Interviews Indicating That They Will
Not Dare to Fly in th« Face
of Public Opinion.
Supervisor CHntrm is strongly sup
ported in his resolute resistance to the
Mission Park and Zoo scheme. Late
Monday evening:, after having return
ed from the exciting scenes in the
board, of "which he was the central fig
ure, a delegation of leading citizens and
large property holders of the district
called at his residence to approve the
course he is pursuing, and to offer ev
ery assistance in their power to defeat
what he publicly and boldly denounced
as in effect a Job fathered by an offi
cial ring.
Yesterday the commendation of Dr.
Clinton's actions took the form of a
primary organization which is to bring
about a mass meeting at an early day
Cor the purpose of protesting against
the apparently reckless determination
of a majority of the Supervisors. The
citizens at the head of the movement
are heavy taxpayers, whose public spir
it and local interests are beyond ques
tion. They do not regard with disfa
vor the proposal as to a Mission Park
and Zoological Garden, but deem the
100 acres now owned by the city and
not more than 1000 yards distant from
the so-called gum tree tract ample for
the purpose after the more urgent ne
cessities of the district have been pro
vided for. What they object to and
will fight to the end is described by
them as a palpable plot to dump on the
yers a tract of land worth not to
exceed one-third the amount of money
asked for it, when a few crafty schem
ers are to be the immediate beneflci
and when the sum required to
satisfy their greed might be appropri
ate to purposes especially gratifying
t<t the Mission district and useful i<
the whole municipality.
aking to this point yesterday Dr.
' 'linton said :
"In the property holders' point of
view I should be as much Interested
in this proposition as the next man,
for I have $75,000 invested in the Mis
sion district. But as I informed the
Supervisors' meeting, I am big enough,
I hope, to rise above my personal in
terests and affirm that the proposal is a
Job I will fight to a finish. Most of
the larger modern cities I have visited
and studied, and I am satisfied that
least of all of them does San Francisco
need expensive parks, or airing places.
Why, we are here like the sailors on
an Immense ship, with a superabund
ance of fresh air blowing over us to
and fro. San Francisco may be
termed justly a great wholesome park
during all seasons of the year. How
ever, I don't wish to be understood as
opposing a Mission park, but why
should the city buy for that purpose
land I know to be worth not more than
one-third the price asked, when it has
a thousand yards away a hundred-acre
tract suitable and ample for a park and
200?
"Other necessities are more press
ing." continued the doctor. "Every
one knows how sorely we are in need
of a public hospital. Our ramshackle
imitation of one is a disgrace. Almost
every day in the year some afflicted
applicant for the shelter and care a
humane government should give is
turned away fur want of accommoda
tions. Those who secure admission
are not decently provided for. We
need a pesthouse. How much has been
said and written on this subject with
out awakening the conscience of those
who should act.
"Is it true that you were approached
by one of your colleagues in the mat
ter of the Mission park and zoo?" was
asked.
"I was misquoted in that particu
lar," replied the doctor. "It was a per
son outside the board who is Interested
in the sale of the property. He wrote
to me saying: that as Supervisor of the
district I was the logical leader of the
movement; that if I would take that
leadership upon myself I would gain
the appreciation of the people; that
I would be rewarded with political
honors and emoluments, and that
doubtless the proposed park would be
named in honor of me. Because I re
fused to be cajoled or coerced into do
ing something I did not deem to be
right— that is what I remember hav
ing said — my character was aspersed.
"What hurt those fellows." added the
Supervisor, "was my remarks about
these violated pledges, with which the
people are familiar. They don't like
to be reminded that in the Spring Val
ley Company and Market Street Com
pany assessments they deliberately
presented the corporations with -half a
million of dollars which- should have
gone into the city treasury to relieve
the taxpayers."
SUPERVISOR MORTON— I voted to
have the tract surveyed. There was noth
ing wrong in that as far as It went It
will give the people an opportunity to as
certain what outside property is worth
and what the owners of this" tract want
for it. But this action on my part does
rot bind me by any means to vote for its
purchase. I never will consent to buy
this piece of land for a park and zoo tin
til I am thoroughly satisfied that a major
ity of the people of San Francisco want
It for that purpose. I could not be in
duced to vote away the public money for
n park when there is a greater necessity
for providing hospitals for the city's sick
and other institutions which we as Super
visors we bound to provide. But if
it should be demonstrated to my mind be
yond any guess work that the people who
will have to pay for this additional pleas
ure-ground really want it. why, then I
shall most assuredly vote for Its pur
chase. .■ i
SUPERVISOR LACKMANN-My opin
ion Is unchanged on this proposition.
I have stated to The Call heretofore that I
was opposed to paying more than twice
the value of this or any other property
that any man or body of men might try to
palm over on the city with a hurrah boom
behind it. If the people must have a
park and zoo in the mission district at
the expense of the taxpayers of the en
tire city, it Is no more than right and
proper that these taxpayers should so sig
nify their wish in the matter. When they
do this, or a majority of them, then will
John Lackmann vote to bring court pro
ceedings to have the tract condemned, but
not before. In any case, nothing could
be done before next November. Accord-
Ing to law the money must be in the
treasury to pay for this land inside of
NOTABLE CHURCH WEDDING.
A Prominent Merchant and His Fair Fiancee Who Will Join Hearts
and Hands.
MISS MAh BAXTER MILLER.
This evening at St. Luke's Mnrshal Hale and Miss Mac Baxter Miller will be married, Rev. Mr. Moreland pronouncing
the words that will make the happy young couple one.
Mr. Hale Is one <>f the most popular of the younger business men of this State and Is a member of the well-known
dry goods firm of Hale Bros. Miss Miller is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Randolph C. Miller. She Is a native of Memphis,
Term., and possesses all the rare charms and exiiuisitf beauty of the typical Southern girl.
Elaborate preparations are being made for the wedding. The church is to be handsomely decorated for the occasion,
pink and white tones prevailing. The bride will he attt tided by Miss Jeanette Conroy, who will officiate as maid of honor,
and Miss Lillian Schroder. Miss Mavbelle Wast of San Jose, Miss Clara Hale, a niece of the. groom, ami Miss Leah Young,
who are to act as bridesmaids. Prentis C. Hale, brother of the groom, will be best man, and Dr. E. R. Bryant. Dr. T. J.
Fraser, Glenn C. Barnhart and Edward G. West, ushers. Little Leland Boruck. nephew of the bride, will be the ring
bearer.
After the ceremony there Is to be a reception at the home of the bride's parents, 1920 Baker street, for which Invita
tions have been limited to the relatives and intimate friends only of both the high contracting parties.
THE MONEY BAGS
ARE FILLING.
THE fifteen thousand mark has
been reached and passed by the
finance committee, and now sums
that at first seemed far and away
above every effort are begin
; ning to bo looked at as possibilities.
I The sixteen thousand that Mr. Coleman
i spoke po feelingly of a few nights ago is
now almost Tn hand, and as the sum
[ grows new prospects of more brilliant
events for the great celebration are un
folding themselves.
The parade will be the feature of the
! day. There will be more troops in line,
; both regular and miniia, than have
| tramped the rough cobbles in many a
year, and the pageant which will follow
the military column will call out nearly
every able-bodied and patriotic citizen of
the cJty.
There will be ten companies of the First
United States Infantry, eight batteries
of the Third United States Artillery, four
troops of the Fourth United States Cav
alry, the brigade and regimental staffs
and the two regimental bands. Following
these will come two regiments of militia
and as many divisions of the Naval ' Mil
itia as can be brought together. The un
usually large line of minila will be as
sured, as a result of the action of the
parade committee in appropriating $1000
to defray the expenses of me out-of-town
companies. A half-rate has been secured
from the railroad for uniiormed men, and
the money will be devoted to the trans
portation of the men.
It has also been decided that the plan
to start the parade at 10:30 o'clock means
pretty nearly all the words imply. The
column shall start at that time, say the
members of the parade committee, and
those organizations which are not In line
at the proper time will have to fall In at
the end of it all. Th.s rule is laid down
thirty days after the Judgment is ren
dered. The rates are not fixed until Sep
tember, and the taxes are not collected
until November, hence there need be no
alarm of the Supervisors jumping at the
zoo bait right away. While I voted for
the surveying of the land, I gave notice
that I would move to amend that portion
which said that the Supervisors had in
tended to instruct the City and County
Attorney to commence condemnatory pro
ceedings. This final clause I objected to
then, and object to still. It entails ex
pense to commence court proceedings,
and, moreover, we have no money to pay
for the land to-morrow even If we agreed
on the price. I say, go slow about heap
ing additional burdens on the people. We
have other and greater necessities de
manding attention at the present time.
Our hospitals are in a very bad condition,
and this comes before the care-taking of
monkeys and polar bears.
SUPERVISOR DELANY— I stand now
as I have heretofore on the proposition.
I am not in favor of buying tnis, or any
other land, for a park, simply because
some men who may have a piece of prop
erty for sale want to sell it to the city
at their fancy price. When I am satis
fied that the people — the taxpayers out
of whose pocket the money comes — de
sires this or any other property for pub
lic "use, then, and only then, shall I vote
to purchase it. At the best the office of
a Supervisor Is an unthankful one. No
matter which way you vote you are sure
to offend some one, and that one will cry
"boodle." I now say. and am ready to
swear, that I have yet to receive the first
dollar by reason of my position as a Su
pervisor, other than my salary of $100 a
month. If there be a Job In this park
business I know it not. and if I should
find out that there be one I will oppose
it and vote against the proposition
SUPERVISOR DEVANY-My reason
for offering the resolution which required
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALT,, WEB\ESDAT, JAXFAEY 19, 1898.
as absolute.
The Chinese division will be tinder the
leadership of Robert L. Park, a well-edu
cated Chinese, who Is Instructor of Eng
lish In a Chinese school In this city and a
ttudent at the State University. He
ppeaks English perfectly and with little
or no accent, and he Is most enthusiastic
over the part his countrymen will take
in the celebration. He has selected as
his aids Leong Poon and Lee Chin. Ah
Chung and Leonard Leon have been ap
pointed aids to the grand marshal. The
Chinese expect to have at least 100 m<"ii
on foot In the parade, besides those who
will be on the big float.
A novel float, representative of Cala
veras County, Is contemplated for the
parade by the miners of Angels ('amp.
Since the Spanish word "Calaveras" sig
nifies "skull," the float will be a represen
tation of a skull, large enough In size to
correspond with the total output of gold
from the county.
Pacific Parlor's Jubilee ball on January
24, at Native Sons' Hail, will be an af
fair of exceptional brilliancy.
The committee of arrangements con
sists of Daniel A. Ryan (chairman),
Frank R. Neville, Joseph H. Cunnmg
ham, Paul ifcDemott, Josenh K. Haw
kins. William H. Hazel and Frank Smith.
The committee from the Native Daugh
ters in charpe of the feminine portion of
the celebration met in profoundest se
crecy last night and decided to add to the
costume already selected for the young
ladies who are to ride In the purad* a
white velvet cloak lined with gold, to be
worn loosely over the shoulders of each
fair equestrienne.
The place the ladies are to have in the
parade is giving them some concern. It
is generally understood that they will be
escorted by the Native Sons, but that was
not definite enough for them, and it was
finally decided that they should hold the
place between the Exempt Firemen and
the Veterans. Their float, too, although
it had been already decided upon, was ;l
matter for considerable discussion. They
promise that It will be the gem of the
parade.
P. J. Healy of the Miners' Fair commit
tee called during the meeting with a re
quest from the miners' committee that
the ladies set a day during the fair which
could be devoted to the Native Daugh
ters. A committee consisting of Mrs. C.
J. Rader, Buena Vista Parlor, Mrs. A. E.
Barblch of La Estrella and Mrs. Day of
Golden Gate was appointed to take the
matter in charge.
a survey Vas because 2000 property
owners in the Mission had signed a peti
tion favoring this site for a park. Now,
I think when '2000 property-owners send
in a petition to their representatives in
the Board of Supervisors on this or any
other question it is the duty of the Su
pervisors to at least pay respectful at
tention to it. This is all we have done so
far, a.nd my offering this resolution call
ing for a survey does not in any manner
bind me to vote for its purchase. The
manner in which the board proposes to
dispose of this entire subject by having
it decided in a court of equity before a
jury precludes any possible chance for
Jobbery on the part of the Supervisors
So much for that phase of the question.
As for a change of front on my part,
there Is none. I am undecided now as
to whether I should vote for the pur
chase or not; that comes later when I
find out whether the people, or a suffi
cient number of the taxpayers, want It
or not. If they do they shall have it and
if they do not we will not force It on
them.
SUPERVISOR BRITT— I have not Bald
that I would vote to buy this property at
present or in the near or distant future
I am undecided as to that, but when a
respectable number of citizens and tax
payers tome with a petition respectfully
wnrdiHl asking for anything in the gift
of the Board of Supervisors which belong
to the general public, as does this. It is
our duty to give the petitioners a re
spectful hearing. The only way that we
as Supervisors, can ascertain whether
the citizens want this tract of land for
a public park and zoo is to give them an
opportunity to so express it. This we will
do before submitting the matter to a
• •nurt for condemnation. As for any Job
being in it, I have failed to 6ee it crop
out. There may be a job in it for the
people who want to sell their land to the
city at a fancy price. But it is for the
MARSHAL HALE.
The 'Vltlr Union met and made final
arrangi m< atl for their section of the
line. It is probable that there will be over
1000 m< n from tlio various organizations
forming thf> union. Each man will wear
the distinctive badge of his society. Their
float Will carry thirty-two little girls,
<lr^«=sp<i in white and representing Urn
Udrty-two (■• ut.tlc-s of Ireland. There
will also be Jour men to represent the
four provinces and the float will be es
corted by twelve men in armor.
The Pioneen have all been notified that
they will each be given a number, which
will entitle the holder to a seat in a cer
tain hack, and to avoid confusion the
harkmen will be ordered to take no one
who has nut The proper card. As such a
large attendance la expected at the re
ception to be held on the evening of the
24th. hut one ticket, entitling the holder
and two ladies to enter, will be allowed
each member.
The Supervisors of Contra Costa County
have appointed F. L. Glass and T. 1,. Mc-
Mahon aids to the grand marshal from
that county.
Mr. Healy Is busy inspecting dancers
and dancing In order that he may be
properly qualified to select for the com
ing fair. He spent all day at It yester
day, and what pretty dancers he did not
see then he will see on some other occa
sion. He doesn't object to the work, and
says he will have the best If every pretty
foot in the city must kick for his own
Individual delectation.
The proposition of the management of
the fair to outfit all brides and grooms
who will guarantee to go to' the Klondike
has brought In ten applications, and there
will be more to follow. It is the Inten
tion to sot apart some night on which all
the couples may be married at the same
time— a sort of matrimonial night
. vf, a result of the petition made by the
Jubilee executive committee in regard to
the public school children having a holi
day the Board of Education has decided
that the public schools of San Francisco
shall be closed from January 21 to Janu
ary 29. Inclusive. •
The condition. of the Jubilee fund up to
v l* tw iS follows: Previously made pub
lic. $14l^ 30: Suiter-street* Railway Com-
E^V^ Street Department, $61; cash.
»0: Neville & Co., $40; Kullman. Sals &
Co.. $25; Auditor's office, $25; City and
County Attorney's office, $20; E. T. Allen
Company, $20; cash. $11; Meyer. Wilson &
Co., $10; Main & Winchester. $10; D Blu
menthal &Co $10; Meyersteln Company
$10; r Thomas Glynn. $10; smaller amounts
$77 50. Total. $15,258 SO.
c ty to look out and not get Into a Job
bing hole with these people. This cannot
be done In the manner m whiu, the prop
t-rty will or Is proposed to be acquired for
Fi? l . rk .P. urposef! - There Is no hurry about
this thin*; th.; surveying of the land will
do no harm.
NEW TO-DAY.
jgm& A LITTLE STUDY
fiSfS^^*?/ °*" our oo^ Book will suggest
>»|*^ t J many delicate dishes to be made
Jj^K^V with Liebig COMPANY'S Ex-
lH^P s^ tract— the genuine "blue sig-
//]]]' MW^^^ ■ nature brand."
«^-" AriJ Bends postal for this Cook Book, free to every honse-
"" ''VA^'fAwrJr keeper, to Llebijj Co., P. O. Box 8718, New Tort
JPtSuebig Company^ sb
g, 1 \)i ' Retract °f Beef |j|2
WOMAN ROBBED
IN HER HOUSE
Cowardly Attack Made
Upon Mrs. Eugenic
J. Goss.
Besides Having Her Pocket
Rifled She Was Thrown
Joseph Gibson, the Robber, Captursd,
Alter an Exciting Chase, by
Policeman Flinn.
Mrs. Eugenic J. Goss, the landlady of
the Tremont House, 523 Keaxny street,
was the victim of a cowardly attack
at an early hour yesterday morning at
the hands of one of her lodgers.
About two weeks ago Joseph Gibson,
hired a room In the house and when
the first week was up she asked him
for the rent, but he put her off with an
excuse that he was Just then out of
funds. The second week expired Mon
day night and after he left she locked
up his room as he had not paid her any
money.
Mrs. Goss officiates as her own night
clerk and about 4 o'clock yesterday
morning she received a visit from Gib
son. He wanted to know why she had
locked up his room and she told .him
that he could not stay there any longer
unless he paid the rent due. Gibson
said he had money in his room and if
she would go with him he would pay
her.
They started to go upstairs, Mrs.
Goss leading. She wore a shawl round
her shoulders and when they were half
way up the stairs Gibson seized the
shawl and threw it over her head and
face, holding it tight with one hand to
prevent her screaming. With the other
hand he took 54 from her pocket and
threw her down stairs. He then ran
down stairs and out of the house. Mrs.
Goss picked herself up and staggered
into the street, screaming for help.
Policeman T. R. Flinn was on Sac
ramento street near Kearny and heard
her screams. At the same time he saw
a man running up Sacramento street
toward Dupont. He gave chase and
succeeded in capturing Gibson, who
had taken refuge between two houses
on California street.
Gibson surrendered without a strug
gle and Flinn took him back to the
Tremont House, where Mrs. Goss iden
tified him and preferred a charge of
robbery against him. He was taken to
the City Prison and booked on the
charge.
Although the police say that Gibson
la a worthless character there is no
record of any serious crime against
him uitd it (a supposed he had com
mitted the robbery in a moment of des
peration. The caso has been assigned
to Jmige Jnarhunsen'a our*.
CROOKS TO BE
WELL WATCHED
Capt. Bohen Making Arrange
ments for Certain Visitors
to the Jubilee.
Bunko Men and Pickpockets Will Be
Arrested as Soon as They Land
and Kept in Prison.
Tn view of the approaching Golden Ju
bilee, when a large number of pickpock
ets and bunko men may be expected from
other centers. Captain Bohen has in
structed his detectives to arrest every
one on sight and lock them up until
stranp^rs visiting for that occasion have
left. The same action will also be taken
in regard to local pickpockets and sure
thing men.
"I don't believe," said the captain yes
terday, "that there is a single bunko man
in this city at the present time. John E.
Gagus, the king of them all. and three of
his followers, Thomas Bailey. «'harles
Morgan and Samuel Whitney, who were
arrested last week for trying a trick on a
visiting miner and were charged with va
grancy, were the last of the gang.
"Gagus faithfully promised me that he
would never try a bunko trick again and
was willing to be known as a reformed
gambler. I believed his words and as the
other three agreed to leave the city I had
the charges of vagrancy withdrawn.
"When the Bryan party came to this
State during the beginning of last July,
Joe Green, a notorious bunko man from
the East, and his gang accompanied them
everywhere, but when Bryan came to
this city they were afraid to follow. Two
of them came as far as Oakland, and I
sent two of my men over and got them
to return home. During the Christian
Endeavor convention the city was freer
of pickpockets and bunko men than on
any other former occasion, and only a
few trifling losses were reported.
"I want to say that there has been less
stealing since I became captain of detec
tives than for years, and in one night
when I was a detective I have seen more
stolen than during the whole of the past
seven or eight months. It should not be
forgotten that this is a seaport town and
criminals of all classes arrive here from
all parts of the world."
American Torchon mat boards, visiting,
wedding, tally and programme cards,
matting and drawing papers, vegetable
parchment, tracing cloths and all other
things that are good in fine stationery
and artists' materials. Sanborn, Vail & Co.*
" FaX and FaKers."
The first of a series of descriptive lec
tures will be delivered In the Temple. 117
Turk street, to-night. The subject.wlll be
NEW TO-DAY.
SPECIAL SALE
Golden Gate Blankets!
On MONDAY, January 17th, and
following days, we will place on
sale 35 CASES BEST QUALITY
WHITE and COLORED WOOL
BLANKETS that we have just pur-
chased from the Golden Gate Woolen
Manufacturing Company this city,
These Blankets are in all the different
sizes. Theu come in white from 66x80 inches
to 90x90 inches. The colored are from 51
pounds to 101 pounds in weioht. Theu are all
PURE WOOL. Most of them are made from
IMPORTED AUSTRALIAN WOOL, and the en-
tire lot will be offered by us fully 15 per cent
less than the present cost to manufacture.
See exhibition of above Blankets
in our show windows, with sizes,
weights and prices marked on each
quality.
TELEPHONE O-K,A.3STT IS4.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
"Fakes and Fakers." and charts bearing '
dates ami statistics will be used 10 prove
the arguments made by the socialists
apalnst the capitalist system of produc
tion and distribution, and In Bup"K>rl of
the certainty of the cominp of the col
lective ownership of l.ic means of produc
tloj^and distribution. The meeting will
be Tleld iinrk-r tho auspices of Liberty
Branch. Socialist I-abor party.
Cure your cold with Low's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c. 417 Sansome st. *
NEW TO-DAY.
The only genuine Kunyadi Wats?
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER
FOR
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lane"
"Speedy, sure, gentle." hriluhilcdicalJounlx
CAUTION: See that the label
bears the signature of the firm
Andreas Saxlehner.
INFLUENZA, SCROFULOUS HUMORS. ETC.!
by building up the wasted tissues and feeding
the over-worked nerves In such a manner that
after using, HEALTH 13 THE NATURAL
RESULT.
EVERYBODY LIKES IT.
Physicians prescribe It. All good druggists
sell it. Ask for "WILBOR'S," and take no
other.
H. B.— Beware of Imitations. This article Is
the oldest of Its kind in the market. Many
try to make a remedy "Just as good." but
none succeed.
***»***********-:: ::.####*#***#*
I PERFECTION . : . PREVAILS!
I guisineTseryice |
% —IN THE— *
I LADIES' GRILL*
I XzFALACE. I
* Direct Entrance from Market Street. *
♦♦**#*********************'#♦
at 8 per cent. Se-
curity is ample and
borrower a business
Wgjf^ErywS^^ man. Buggy for
use at my office.
(1 PATENTSI I)
>2S/330MARKETSr.SJ.^gS«^
BLACK DBESS SKIRTS. |
! We have on hand a large sur-
I plus stock of fine Stylish Drees
; Skirts. We will offer same at
j marked reductions' prior to stock-
! taking. ,
! - ,
| Handsome Silk Dress Skirts at
$7.00, \
Formerly sold $10.00.
Elegant English Serge Dress
Skirts at $5.00, |
Formerly Bold 1T.50.
Novelty Mohair Dress Skirts at
$3.50,
Rejmlar value 15.00.
Special— loo High Novelty Dress
Skirts; j
Formerly $15.00 to $20.00 each.
Offered Now $10.00 each.
BLACK SERGES.
46=inch AH*Wool Serge 50c yard.
48-inch Cheviot Serge 60c yard. ■
50-inch English Serge 75c yard.
All Magnificent Values.
THE BLACK GOODS HOUSE j
1106 Market Street,
Near Mason and Turk Sts.
| Must Vacate
By the Ist of February.
TURKISH RUG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
324 SUTTER STREET,
The Entire Stock of Rare
TURKISH, YYTTria
PERSIAN XI U IJO.
1000 Pairs Moorish, Oriental, Bagdad
Portieres, Draperies, Etc.,
Will be Sold Out at AUCTION
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY,
Jan. 20. 21, 22, at 2 and 8 p. m. daily.
At 324 SUTTER STREET.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneer*.
PENIYROYAraiU,
P-/~^?t>v Ort«>n»l mad O»ly Genuine. A. I
lsk boxes »e»I«l with blue ribbon. Sw
It- •■" W}J«"J ll 'x»«"M«a«»on«. AiDraggi«t«.or»«id4«.
F»» ta ."iT^I 11 ?,*,' 0 ' J»rtleul»ri, lestlmoaUL-. and