VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 26.
SPANIARDS NO MATCH
FOR THE AMERICANS
WERE ROUTED
FROM STRONG
POSITIONS
Graphic Details of the
Battle Fought Near
Sevlila.
Rough Riders and Regulars
Defeat Twice Their
Number.
Cubans Do Valiant Service in the
Qeneral Advance Being Made
Upon the City of
Santiago.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
flaa Bennett.
° WITH THE AMER- •
o ICAN ARMY, June ©
© 24 (by the Call-Her- ©
© aid dispatch boat ©
o Mindora to Port An- o
, £ tonio, Jamaica. June °
c 25). — This day's o
g-f igh ting -in r- the ad- ©
o vance upon Santi- o
© ago has cost the. °
o American army up- ©
© wardof adozenmen, ©
£ but has been a day £
o of magnificent sue- o
g cess for the Ameri= °
o can cause. o
° For every Ameri- ©
© can who has fallen ©
o in battle the enemy o
• ° has lost two or three £
o men, and for each o
g of our soldiers who °
o has been wounded o
© several Spaniards g
o have been disabled, o
° This has been a °
o day of action all ©
o along the line, al= ©
° though the fiercest °
o fight was the one o
g that took place early °
o this morning to the o
© southwest of Sevilla, °
o where General LLi- o
© ares is making his ©
o final stand before °>
© retreating into San- ©
q tiago City. It was in ©
o this engagement the o
g Americans sustain- g
o ed heavy losses. o
° Santiago now is ©
o the center of rapidly ©
© converging forces. ©
© There has been stir- ©
o ring war all day o
© with savage land ©
° fighting both east ©
© and west, while a £
o score of warships p
g have kept the at- g
o rnosphere of the o
g coast filled with °
o shrieking shrapnel. o
o All of the country o
q : within a radius of ©
o twenty miles is one ©
g great battlefield, re.-
o sounding with the a i
g din of artillery and ©
o the rifle fire echoes ©
g which are thrown gj
o back from the lofty o i
g mountains fifteen ©
© qiiles across t^eaefl. ©j
The San Francisco Call
A view of tbe village of Juragua, where t^e advance guard of General Sfyafter's army, under General Lawton,
caroped on tt)e 24tt} inst. and near wtych Roosevelt's "Rough Riders" bad t^eir first taste of battle Friday. The picture
is n)ade from an old cut of the place and a telegraphic description. The village is nine miles fron) Baiquiri and fifteen
fron) Santiago by tfye road.
At 7 o'clock the Rough Riders
entered the village of Altares.
After a short halt they began the
; long climb up the steep narrow
trail which affords the only pas
sage to Mount Grand Mesa,
which shuts the city of Santiago
from the sea. By this time the
sun was beginning to be felt
keenly by the men. Laden with
I full marching equipment they
slowly toiled up the rocky path
in single file. There was not
enough air stirring to make a
leaf flutter. Along the hillsides
several halts were necessary be
fore the men could reach the
mesa. A dozen mules carried the
reserve ammunition and hospital
supplies. The beasts were affect
ed by the heat also.
Despite these obstacles the
toilsome ascent finally was made
and the refreshing sea breeze
; brought some trifling surcease.
Before the Rough Riders there
stretched for nine miles a com
paratively level plateau half a
mile in width, dotted with chap
arral thickets" and frequently
broken by small ravines.
' At the other extremity rose
the battlements of ancient Morro,
situated ' high -on a point com
manding Santiago Bay. The
mesa is traversed for about one
third its length by Juraguasito
Creek, a narrow stream which is
I spanned at the village of Juragua
| sito by a railroad bridge over
which General Shafter ' hopes to
send his heavy artillery.
The view from the hilltop was
a splendid one, as General Law
ton's columns slowly wound their
way along, preceded by a skir
! mish line to prevent surprise.
The mules were .dragging the
mountain .battery . along after the
Twenty-fifth Infantry. ; The dy
..-.., . ■•,' .■■■■ ■ ■•■■ ■,'■,-.- •-■= -■ ■■ it.'
.namite ! sieztlgm _ha4 A hejen. car- ,
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
THE fIDVONCE ON SANTIAGO.
REVISED LIST OF THE
KILLED AND WOUNDED
The American dead are:
CAPTAIN ALLYN K. CAPRON of Troop L, First Volunteer Cavalry.
SERGEANT HAMILTON FISH JR., Troop L.
PRIVATES TILDEN, DAWSON Troop L, GEORGE DAUGTERY Troop A,
W. T. IRWIN Troop F, all four of the same regiment, more familiarly known
as the "Rough Riders," and Privates DIX, YORK, BJORK, COLBA, BERLIN and
LEMONCK.aII of Troop X, First Regular Cavalry, and Corporal WHITE, Troop
E, Tenth Cavalry.
The following officers were wounded: Major Brodie, shot through the
arm; Captain McClintock, Troop B, shot through the right leg; Lieutenant J.
R. Thomas, Troop M, shot through the right leg. All the foregoing officers
were Rough Riders.
Other officers wounded: Captain Knox, Major Bell, Lieutenant Byram of
the First Regular Cavalry.
The following are among the soldiers'wounded: Rough Riders— Troop
B: Privates E. M. Hill, Shelley F. Ishley, M. S. Newcomb, Fred N. Beale and
Corporal J. D. Rhodes.
Troop E— Corporal James F. Boan; Privates Frank B. Booth, Albert
Hartley, R. G. Bailey, H. Alvers, E. J. Atherton, Clifford Reed and Sergeant
C. W. Arringo.
Troop G— Sergeant Thomas F. Cavanaugh, Corporal L. L. Stewart, Pri
vates George Rowland, H. J. Haefner, Michael Coyle, R. M. Reid and M.
Russell.
Troop L — Privates J. R. Keane, John H. Dernal, Thomas F. Meagher,
Edward Cablecost and Nathaniel Poe.
Tenth Cavalry— Troop B: Privates Russell, Games, Miller, Gross, Brax
ton and Wheeler.
Troop I— Privates Ridd and Mayberry.
Edward Marshall, correspondent of the New York Journal and Adver
tiser, was seriously wounded in the small of the back.
ried by a detail of Rough Riders
as far as the village of Juragua,
where the men were resting. The
Tenth Cavalry had dismounted
and were climbing the mesa from
Altares. The Seventy-first New
York had just landed and were
falling in, preparatory to begin
ning the same ascent.
_ It soon became evidentthe day
would be extremely Jiot. The
land breeze died down and the
first gusts of the sea breeze
scarcely moved the leaves of a
few scattered cocoanut trees
along the line of march. The
column had not proceeded a mile
before the men began to cast off
their blankets and other articles.
The men soon began to fall out of
the ranks and drop exhausted
under the shade of the convenient
brush. The ambulance corps un
der Dr. Lamotte had its hands
full attending the numerous cases
of heat prostration.
Still no signs of the enemy. The
columns labored slowly along
over the narrow uneven paths.
Suddenly, away over the yellow
hillside, two or three miles across
the valley which parallels the
mesa, a puff of white smoke
arose, then another and still an
other in quick succession.
A short distance along the
ridge, by the time perhaps the
tenth puff was holding the at
tention of the Rough Riders, the
sharp crack of Mausers was waft
ed across the intervening space.
This was followed by an irregu
lar sputter, as Castillo's Cubans
replied. The softer, keener music
of the Krag-Jorgensens followed,
signifying that General Lawton's
advanced lines were getting in
touch of the game of battle.
While the eyes of the Rough Rid
ers wjere riveted on this engage
ment, from the right a flash came
from the chaparral thicket on
the mesa barely 200 yards ahead.
A score of Mauser bullets whis
tled over the heads of those in
the foremost rank. This unex
pected attack quickly gave the
Rough Riders an affair of their
own to attend.
"It's up to us, boys." shouted
Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt,
who was riding near the head of
the column.
When attacked, the Rough
Riders were marching along a
trail so narrow they could ad
vance only in single file. In- this
position the fire of the enemy
was doubly dangerous.
"Deploy! Lie down!" Colonel
Wood commanded.
Troop L, which formed the ad
vance line, scattered, quickly
sending a volley in the direction
of the Spanish bullets.
The fire did not check the ene
my, who advanced to the attack
with great bravery, emptying
their rifles as they came. The fire
was delivered with too great
Continued on Second Page,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TWO HOURS
OF SEVERE
FIGHTING
Bravery of the Rough
Riders After Being
Surprised.
Richard Harding Davis Tells
of the Pluck of the Men
Ambuscaded.
Correspondents With the Daring
Cavalry Assist in Caring for
the Wounded and Identi
fying the Dead.
BY RICHARD HARDING DAVIS,
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
WITH THE ROUGH RID
ERS, near Santiago, Friday, via
Port Antonio, Jamaica, June 25.
— The first fight of the invading
army took place here this morn
ing six miles from the coast. The
First Volunteer Cavalry, known
as Roosevelt's Rough Riders,
were ambushed by the receding
Spaniards in a narrow path,
with a barbed wire fence along
its right side. It was impossible
to see more than twenty feet
through it at any time.
The first sign of the nearness
of the enemy was the presence
of a dead Cuban lying across the
road, and beyond him a Spanish
outpost. This was reported to
Colonel Wood by scouts, and he
sent one of the company down
the trail and another through the
jungle to the left and right.
The Spaniards allowed the two
scouts who were of the first troop,
and Sergeant Hamilton Fish to
pass down the trail unmolested,
and then fired into the line of the
men as they ran forward in sin
gle file. The scouts were both
wounded. Fish was shot through
the side on a line with his heart.
He was killed instantly.
Meanwhile Captain Capron's
men lost their way and swung to
the right, firing into their own
men on that end. An order to
cease firing was given, and Lieu
tenant Colonel Roosevelt led the
troops back to the left again,
where the firing was fiercest. It
was here that Captain Capron
was shot through the side over
the heart, and died in a few hours.
He was one of the most popular
captains and one of the best offi
cers in the regiment.
The men showed most splendid
spirit and discipline, although all
the conditions were absolutely
against them. They could not
see more than twenty feet away.
The enemy was invisible. Their
Mauser rifles' smoke was indis
tinguishable, and men were fall
ing on every side of them with
no enemy to retaliate upon. It
might have tried the spirit of any
but the thoroughbred fighters
they are. It is also to be remem
bered that this was the first time
that a large percentage of the
men were under fire.
The fight lasted two hours, during
which time the ground covered was
over half a mile in width and a mile
Jn length. The Spanish fire was well
directed, and as they knew the trail
they could guess where to aim.
Edward Marshall, a Journal corre
spondent, was with Captain Capron
and was shot through the side in two
places, Stephea Crane, who, with J.2
P. Dunning of the Associated Press
and myself witnessed the ambuscade,
is looking after him. Mr. Marsha.ll is
badly hurt and may not live.
I found Fish's body lying across the
trail, and 1 identified him by his silver
watch with "H. F." and two crests
upon it; also by a bundle of letters he
carried in his breast pocket. I have
them and will forward them as direct
ed. Fish was the first soldier killed
this war in battle.
Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt led his
men with :t rifle he picked up from
one of the wounded and charged the
iron building that the Spaniards had
fortified themselves in. It is now occu
pied by the Rough Riders.
Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt was
nearly killed by a bullet that passed
through a tree adjacent to which he
was standing. Splinters entered Roose
velt's eyes and ears.
Major Croat y was shot through the
arm, but the wound is not serious. Cap
tain McClintock was wounled through
the leg seriourly. I found one dead man
with the name Leggett on his haver
sack and also a boy shot through the
head and a New Testament in his
pocket marked "Fielder Dawson, Ne
vada, Mo." It is- impossible to give
the names of the wounded as they were
many. Colonel Wood was at first re
port.-d killed, but he is unhurt.
William Tiffany was unable to use
his Hotchkiss pun as the packer ran
away with an, important part of them,
throwing it to the ground and breaking
it. The mioker was the only man in the
fight who did not behave with great
courage under the unusual conditions.
Rp-enforcements of cavalry have ar
rived In this place. No loss among the
Spaniards is reported. It was an am
busfy with the advantages all on the
side of the enemy.
General Chaffee has arrived. He
complimented Colonels Wood and
Roosevelt on tho spirit with which their
men stood up against the disastrous at
tack.
WERE ROUTED
FROM STRONG
POSITIONS
Continued from First Page.
rapidity for accuracy. Most of
the bullets flew high. From re
ports it is believed the Spanish
used explosive bullets. The sound
of the bullets cutting through the
chaparral affected the nerves of
the Rough Riders, and a few men
showed signs of panic, but the
cool demeanor of Colonel Wood
and Lieutenant Colonel Roose
velt soon restored confidence and
every man settled down to work.
Troop L was re-enforced by
Troop G, but still the ei*emy
pressed forward. Colonel Wood's
men yielded their ground slowly.
Meanwhile the sound of firing
warned the other troops at the
rear that their comrades were en
gaged. A great scramble to get
to the front then began. Owing
to the roughness of the ground
it was impossible to form ranks,
and each man rushed forward as
best he could. They found Troops
L and G fighting desperately,
penned in an awkward position
with a wire trocha on one side
and a ravine on the other. The
enemy was temporarily checked,
but presently outflanked Wood's
men, who were forced to fall
back.
They retired slowly, fighting
fiercely as they went.
Private Whitney of Troop L
staggered along bleedingprofuse
lv from three wounds. Private
Islade, supported between two
slightly wounded companions,
also made his way to the rear.
He had continued to fire after he
had been struck by three bullets,
and retired only after the fourth
bullet had hit him. Others whose
names 'l could not learn gave
Dr. Lamotte and his assistants
plenty to do.
By this time all the Rough
Riders had goneinto the engage
ment, but they seemed unable to
check the enemy's determined
advance. Colonel Wood sent an
orderly to ask for re-enforce
ments. He met the Tenth Cav
alry, which dismounted hurried
ly and moved forward, as did the
Twenty-second Infantry. Cast
ing aside their baggage, the men
who had a few moments before
been lying exhausted on the
ground, sprang to their feet,
MANZANILLO BLOCKADED,
GUANTANAMO CAPTURED
O Bpeclal cable to The Call and the NeV York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by Jamea &
Gordon Bennett. &
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 25.— Information obtained by The Call- &
0 Herald correspondent to the effect that Manzanillo, on the south S
8 coast of Cuba, was being used as a landing-place for supplies from 8
£ Jamaica, has resulted in that port being blockaded by ships of the 0
O American fleet. I was told to-night by Captain Beattie that a block- O
0 ade had been declared, and Mr. Dent, United States Consul here, con- 0
0 firms the report. The steamer Anita arrived this afternoon in Mon- 0
0 tego Bay with refugees from Havana and other Cuban cities. The O.
0 local Cuban Junta has received a cable message which states the 0
O town of Guantanamo has been captured by United States marines un- 0
O der Lieutenant Colonel Huntingdon. O
0 0
0000000000000000 ooaoooooooooooooooo
SERGEANT HAMILTON FISH JR. of Roosevelt's Rough
Riders, the First Victim of the Battle Near Se
villa Friday.
grasped their rifles and staggered
forward to aid their comrades.
By 10 o'clock the enemy had
been checked, with the assistance
of the Tenth and Twenty-second.
The fighting on the mesa con
tinued furiously for an hour in
the burning sun. The men had
no water in their canteens and the
throats of the officers became so
parched that they could only
whisper their commands. Rifles
became almost too hot to hold.
Many men took but their can
teens to give the dearly prized
water to their wounded and ex
hausted companions. The mules
who were carrying the ammuni
tion fell exhausted and could net
rise.
Our men were surprised at the
determination and bravery of the
Spanish. They now realize that
Santiago can be taken only after
the hottest kind of fighting.
The fight near Sevilla began at
8 o'clock in the morning and last
ed four hours. The struggle was
the most desperate during the
first hour. Up to 9 o'clock the
Spaniards, who began the attack
tenaciously, held their ground.
Between 9 and 12 o'clock the bat
tle was a running one, the enemy
hastily retreating toward Sevilla,
and our troops as hastily pursu
ing.
It was rare good 'luck that
saved the Spaniards from com
plete annihilation when they en
countered the regulars and Rough
Riders in the outskirts of Sevilla
this morning. They had to face
barely 1000 Americans, but if the
fight had been delayed a few
hours, enough Americans to
crush them completely would
have arrived on the scene.
Four troops of the Tenth Cav
alry, four troops of the First Bat
tery, and eight troops of Rough
Riders had been sent in advance
of the army, and it was this de
tached force that the Spanish en
gaged. Against our iooo men
they pitted 2000. They were
strongly entrenched behind bush
es and had every advantage in
position as well as in numbers.
Despite this fact they were inglori
ously repulsed by an inferior
force long before the second de
tachment of American troops ar
rived upon the scene.
Colonel Roosevelt's men, who had
pushed their way toward Sevilla yes
terday, resumed their march soon after
sunrise this morning. They were join
ed by a detachment of Cubans under
General Castillo, who guided them
over the steep hills along the winding
paths. Constant watch was kept for
the enemy, but none seemed to be lurk
ing in the thick underbrush that lined
the narrow roadway. It began to
seem as if the enemy had retreated into
Sevilla and the men were advancing in
quick order when The crack of Mauser
rifles suddenly was heard. Bullets
whizzed over the heads of the Rouerh
Riders. The fire came from behind the
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
thick underbrush and the Cubans were
ordered to reply.
Colonel Wood, after ordering his men
to lie down quickly, surveyed the situ
ation. His men had been caught in an
ambush. The firing at once became
furious. From several sides the enemy's
bullets came whistling toward our men
and the engagement had hardly begun
when several Rough Riders rolled over
on the ground, dead.
The Spanish could not be definitely
located. They were well screened by
the underbrush and their positions
could be judged only from the direction
of their fire. General Castillo's men
began firing more rapidly and the
Rough Riders made ready to join in
the shooting. Provoked by their in
ability to see the enemy the men be
gan to curse.
"Don't swear!" Colonel Wood shouted.
"Shoot!"
They did. They joined the Cubans
In pouring a terrific fire into the bushes
where the Spaniards lay. It was an
even fight for the next fifteen minutes
or so. The fire of the Spanish then fell
off a bit. They seemed to be falling or
retreating. Lighter and lighter became
the fire from the underbrush, until
finally only an occasional shot whizzed
toward the Americans' position. This
evidence that the enemy was on the
run quickly inspired the American
troops. They charged forward, pres
ently gaining a position from which
they could see the Spaniards.
They renewed their fire with greater
vigor, driving the enemy foot by foot
toward Sevilla. The Spaniards resisted
the American advance with great stub
bornness, but the tide of battle had
turned against them. During the next
two hours they devoted themselves less
and less to shoe-ting and finally lied
precipitately toward Sevilla,
While the Rough Riders were giving
and taking hard knocks on the high
ground the firing became general in
the valley to the north, where General
Lawton, the Cuban skirmish line hav
ing been driven back, checked the ad
vance of a strong Spanish force, and
eventually compelled them to retreat.
General Lawton succeeded in bringing
a section of the mountain battery into
action. This kept the road clear of
Spaniards while our troops quickly
formed and moved forward. There was
heavy firing in this locality, but at
noon General Lawton seemed to have
pressed the enemy back across Jura
guasito Creek.
The Second Massachusetts took part
in this engagement, and they thus were
the first volunteers, aside from the
Rough Riders, to be under fire.
When the Mindora started with this
dispatch the battle was in full pro
gress both on the mesa and across the
valley. The Spanish everywhere were
fighting bravely and making desperate
resistance, but they were slowly yield
ing in all directions.
An attempt of the enemy to execute
a flank movement on our troops in the
mesa was checked by the Wampatuck
and New Orleans, which shelled the
chaparral just beneath the top of the
rid i?e.
It is impossible at this hour to make
any accurate estimates of me losses on.
either side. Several of the Rough
Riders reported as killed or wounded
are coming: to the rear for surgical
treatment. Their wounds are mostly
slight. The men say others are hurt
too badly to get back without stretch
ers owing to the thickness of theundef
brush, which covers a great part of the
battlefield.
Many of the dead will be undiscov
ered for days until their whereabouts
is revealed by the vultures, which al
ready hover in thousands over the field.
The Spanish loss is believed to be
heavy. It is known that it is con
siderably in excess of the American
loss.
When rolls are called to-night some
light will be thrc vn on the American
losses, but it will not be conclusive.
Many men are certain to have lost their
commands during the battle and they
may be unable to rejoin their organiza
tions before to-morrow. They will be
reported as missing in the meantime.
Many dead Spaniards lay about the
blockhouses where the enemy made its
final rally. After the structure had
been set on fire the bodies of these
soldiers were cremated and it is be
lieved hundreds died.
The heat was intense during the day
and a great many of the American
troops were prostrated. This, with the
nervous excitement attendant upon
their first battle, was a heavy strain
upon the men.
General Lawton, in obtaining a posi
tion acrofes Juraguasito Creek, is en
camped only six miles from Santiago
Cathedral and two miles from Sevllla.
To the westward General Garcia is
making splendid progress. While our
troops were engaged about Sevilla,
General Garcia attacked Hermitano,
five miles west of Socapa Castle and
only eight miles from Santiago. There
Is a small Spanish fort at Hermitano,
with some field guns, supported by a
garrison. General Garcia sent 1000 Cu
bans against this fort, the attack being
designed to prevent General Linares
from sending troops to check the ad
vance of the main army. The Cubans
attacked so- spiritedly, howevtr, t^at
they are reported to have taktn part
of the intrenchments.
The Spanish are preparing to fall
back to Calmanes, which Is inside the
regular defenses of Santiago. Cobre
was abandoned by General Linares last
night and the garrison was withdrawn
to Caimanes. During General Garcla's
attack on Hermitano the Texas and
Brooklyn shelled the Socapa and Es
trella fortifications, which replied
feebly.
When Mindora left the two battle
ships were firing at Juraguasito to pre
vent the Spanish from destroying a
railroad bridge, which they were pre
paring to do. The Cubans report that
General Linares has undermined many
of the roads and paths leading Into
Santiago and that ho will try to blow
up our artillery. The Spanish general
evidently has plenty of powder and
ammunition, for he abandoned a con
siderable quantity at Baiquiri.
Unless his progress is considerably
checked General Shafter will have San
tiago completely invested by Sunday.
He has intimated that he will smash
the city's defenses without delay and
Admiral Sampson has prepared to co
operate.
The engagement in which the Ameri
cans suffered such a severe loss was
preceded by sharp fighting on the day
before. It was apparently a part of
the Spanish tactics to make the Amer
icans believe that the enemy had en
tirely abandoned the country leading
toward Santiago. Dozens of dark col
umns of smoke rose early Thursday
morning from the hilltons lying be
tween the American camp at Altares
and the city of Santiago. From this
it was thought by many of our troops
that the Spaniards had sought safety
in-the outer defenses of the beleagured
city. It had been a night full of anx
iety for the men on the picket lines.
General Lawton late on Wednesday
afternoon had pushed the Twenty-sec
ond, Twenty-fifth and part of the Sec
ond Massachusetts Infantry to a
point three miles to the westward of
Baiquiri. This he succeeded in doing
without opposition from the Spanish.
The American picket line during the
night had been thrown to a point a mile
beyond that contemplated in General
Lawton 's instructions.
All of our men were very alert, and
every preparation to repel a night at
tack was made. It was thought likely
that the enemy would resort to the
same tactics they had adopted when
the marines from the Marblehead were
landed at the entrance to Guantanamo
Bay. In this they were mistaken, how
ever, as no attempt was made to dis
turb the American forces.
Above the apex of the hill a quarter
mile beyond our advance pickets a
tongue of flame leaped into the air just
at dawn. This was quickly followed by
another and another flash above the
adjacent hilltops until at least a dozen
fires were burning fiercely within a
radius of five miles. Columns of
smoke in other directions indi
cated that many more fires, shut
out of view by the surrounding moun
tains, had been started by the Span
iards.
As the sun rose higher it revealed a
blazing blockhouse on the nearest hill.
The flames here and at other points
worked the complete destruction of the
Spanish line of defense outside the
regular earthworks.
General Linares became convinced
during the night that the United States
force was too strong to be resisted and
had ordered all the blockhouses to be
filled with combustibles and fired when
the Spanish retreat began. The little
village of Altares on the coast four
miles west of Balquiri, which so tena
ciously held out Wednesday under the
withering fire of the American gun
boats, was evacuated by the garrison
of 300 Spanish infantry at the same
time.
These troops began to retreat toward
Santiago, being compelled to travel
through almoct impassable mountain
defiles, the entrances to which were kit
tle known by any but the Cuban scouts.
No other route for the retreat was pos
sible for the Spaniards however, and
they struggled toward the city as best
they could. It looked at one time as
if this retreat would be successful, but
it finally terminated in a severe repulse
for the Spaniaris through the \-igi lance
of General CastH'o and his Cubans.
Genera] Castillo, to guard against be
ing surprised by the enemy, had gone
forward Wednesday afternoon with a
detachment mounted Cubans. When
they arrived at a point two miles in
land from Altares General Castillo was
informed by the scouts of the retreat of
the Spanish infantry. He immediately
took steps to intercept the Spaniards
and succeeded in cutting off a part of
the Spanish column.
There was furious skirmishing when
the Spaniards found* they had been
ambushed. As soon as they had recov
ered from their surprise they returned
the Cuban fire with vigor. They were
halted at once and soon afterward
were compelled to fall back, and before
the engagement had been under way
half an hour they were completely put
to rout. They fled in such haste that
their baggage and much of their am
munition were captured by Castillo's
men and several soldiers and teamsters
were taken prisoners.
In this engagement one Cuban was
killed aA several were wounded. I
could not learn how many Spaniards
were killed. The Cubans, although in
ferior in numbers to the Spanish, pur
sued them for several miles, keeping
up a vigorous fire.
General Castillo suddenly was given
a surprise, as the enemy turned about
and renewed their fire upon his men.
In their first flight they had encoun
tered a detachment of Spanish soldiers,
and, ericouraged by this re-enforce
ment, they made another show of re
sistance.
This looked like the turning point in
the skirmish for the combined Span
ish forces opposed the Cubans with
such force that Castillo was compelled
to order his men back. The tide of bat
tle then ran in favor of the Spaniards
for a time, and the Cuban success gave
promise of turning into defeat. But
just as matters were becomine desper
ate for Castillo's men they had the
same good luck as had come to the
Spaniards a few minutes earlier. They
were joined by a detachment of Cu
bans who had heard the firing and has
tened to the scene.
With his plucky little band thus re
inforced, General Castillo quickly turn
ed against the enemy again The
fight became more vigorous than at
any time during the skirmish. The
Spaniards fought desperately to hold
the advantage they had just gained,
but the attempt was a complete fail
ure. Slowly and sullenly the enemy
was again forced to retreat, and finally
they were put to flight.
Information brought later In the day
showed the Spaniards had at least four
men killed. This fight, as observed
from the hills two miles to the rear,
was most picturesque.
Not a single blockhouse was left
standing bf the Spaniards.
It is evident from this skirmish that
General Garcia is carrying out his part
of the programme, and is pressing
closely toward Santiago from the west.
Carrying Coal to Dewey.
PHILADELPHIA. June 25.— The
British ships Glooscap, Captain
Scheyer, and East Lothian, Captain
McFarlane, sailed from this port to-day
for Manila with iiearly 6000 tons of coal
for Admiral Dewey's fleet. The two
cargoes are valued at about $17,000, but
the freight received by the two ships
will be more than double this sum. The
two captains will do all in their power
to get to Manila in the shortest possible
time.
ROOSEVELT PRAISES THE
CALL CORRESPONDENT
® ®
® Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1898, by @
® James Gordon Bennett.
® BY CALL-HERALD DISPATCH BOAT to PORT ANTONIO, ®
® JAMAICA, June 25. — At the conclusion of yesterday's fight Lieutenant ®
® Colonel Roosevelt expressed his thanks to Richard Harding Davis, The ®
® Call-Herald correspondent, for services rendered the troops during the ®
® engagement. ®
While the bullets flew over the heads of the American skirmishers ®
® in the thickets, who were unable to see the enemy, Mr. Davis discov- ®
® ered some Spaniards on a hilltop close by and called Lieutenant Colonel ®
® Roosevelt's attention to them. At the latter's orders they were dis- ®
® persed by heavy fire. ®
® Mr. Davis followed the skirmishers into the bushes and was with ®
® Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt during the heaviest firing. ®
® . ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
CRUSHING
DEFEAT OF
AGRARIANS
Will Not Have Over a Hun
dred Votes in tr;e
f^eicfystag.
Kaiser William Threatens to Adopt
h Drastic Measures to Re
press Socialism.
BERLIN, June 25.— For the United
States the most interesting result of
theelections just held inGermanyis the
wholesale defeat of agrarianism. The
only single agrarian candidate elected
was returned on the first ballot on June
16, while the successful Conservatives,
National Liberals and Centrists
pledged to agrarianism only totaled
66. So including yesterday's and to
day's successes, the agrarian strength
in the new Reichstag will certainly not
exceed 100.
Emperor William was very indignant
at the early Socialist gains and ex
pressed himself strongly. He remarked:
"It is time to stop persuasion and try
more drastic measures, or these fel
lows will destroy all."
But the later returns will probably
mollify the powers that be. Neverthe
less, the Government, and particularly
the Emperor, is not disposed to offer
any compromise to socialism. TWfere is
already talk of repressive legislation,
but the officials are deaf to all sug
gestions for removing the causes of
socialism by means of social reforms.
Among the curious facts developed
by the recent election is the discovery
by a department chief of the Ministry
of the Interior that most of the sub
ordinates voted for the socialistic can
didates, the ringleader being a favor
ite copyist. Seven of these employes
were immediately discharged when
this fact became known.
The highest personages in the land
participated in the electioneering. At
Leipsic a high Government official
stood at the polls and buttonholed
voters, urging them not to support the
Socialist candidate, Herr Scmidt.
Herr August Hintze, the socialist
leader of this city, who denounced the
election latter of Count yon Posadow
ski-Wehner, the Minister of the In
terior and representative of the Chan
cellor, was arrested on election day on
the charge of slanderine: a Government
officer. Another socialist leader, who
dubbed the Count's letter as "mean."
was sentenced to a fortnight'^ impris
onment in jail.
It is whispered that Emperor William
is the real author of Count yon Posa
dowski-Wehner's manifesto.
The recent speeches delivered by Em
EXPECTED TO
MEET DEATH
Young Fish Had a True
Presentiment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 25.— Hamilton
Fish Jr. was a member of one of the
oldest and most distinguished families
in New York. Members of the family
have held high positions in the State
and nation, and they have siw^i been
prominent in the society of this city.
His grandfather, the late Hamilton
Fish, after whom he was named, was
Secretary of State in President Grant's
Cabinet and was a force in local and
national -"Mtlcß of the time. His un
cle, Hamilton Fish, was formerly
speaker of the Assembly, a*'' 'her
uncle, Stuyvesant Fish, is president of
the Illinois Central Railroad. Nicholas
Fish, the young man's father, is a
prominent banker. He has rendered
service to his country in a different
way. He was second secretary of the
legation under Bancroft in Berlin from
1871 to 1874; first secretary from 1874
to 1877; minister to Switzerland for
four years and minister to Brussels for
four years. Young Fish was 26 years
old, 6 feet 3 inches tall, powerfully
built, an athlete every inch of him. He
rowed at No. 7 on the winning Colum
bia crew of 1895 nnfl was a clever boxer.
After leaving college he roughed it In
Utah at railroading and came back to
New York in 1896. He was tangled up
with all the night life of the city, fight
ing with coachmen and policemen and
running into extravagance which often
brought his name before the public. He
joined Roosevelt's regiment while it
was being organized and at San Anto
nio he received a sergeant's commis
sion. In this city he was a member of
the Union League Club and belonged
to the Delta Psi college fraternity.
Fish had a presentiment of his death
in battle before he left San Antonio
for the front. While chatting with a
party of friends at the San Antorjo
Club a few days before he departed he
expressed the belief that he would be
killed in his first fight.
WASHINGTON, June 25. — Major
James M. Bell of the First Regiment of
peror William are much commented
upon. The Tageblatt says:
"The address to the garrison at Pots
dam will re-echo throughout the army,
I but the general public will be sur
| prised at the tone of bitterness toward
| themselves pervading the speech. His
I complaint at being misunderstood and
j suspected is something new."
The Frankfort Zeitung is very angry
jat the Emperor's remark that "the
theater, like the schools and universi
ties, should be a weapon of the mon
arch." It says:
"The Emperor may be permitted to
be the master of theaters -enjoying
1 royal subsidies, but we protest against
i the analogy being drawn with educa
tional institutions, which we think are
| being reduced to powerless instru
j ments of one-sided political views."
The fact that Germany deems it nec
essary to keep such a large fleet at
I Manila continues to occasion surprise,
\ and the press frequently comments on
i the subject. The Deutsche Zeitung,
! referring to the renewed declaration of
the Foreign Office that the sole purpose
I of the fleet is to protect the interests
| of German residents, says:
"This contains, of course, to us, a
promise or obligations in case Spain
relinquishes her hold on the islands and
a new grouping of interests becomes
I necessary."
On the other hand, the Post of this
city, which is often inspired by the For
; eign Office, warns the "jingoes" to
"beware of alarming and threatening
1 a friendly nation needlessly."
The Tagreblatt says it finds no diffi
j culty in discovering how closely the
I fleet's movements are connected with
Germany's steps to acquire a coaling
j station in the Philippine Islands.
The German Secretary of Finance has
issued new and more stringent orders
covering the admission of American
dried fruit into German territory.
Hereafter only fruit dried until it is
hard and moistureless will be exempt
ed from examination. The local Gov
ernment of Hamburg has anpropriated
14.000 marks to maintain, a bureau of
American fruit inspection in order to
expedite the clearance of fre*=>i fruit,
which under the present system, is de
layed for several days after its ar
i rival. •
Cavalry, who vas wounded at San
tiago, is a veteran of the Civil War. He
enlisted as First Lieutenant of the
Eighty-sixth Ohio Infantry in June,
1862, and served until the close of the
war, coming out as a captain. He went
into the army again July 28, 1866, as
second lieutenant, and went up the
grades until he was appointed a major
of the First Cavalry, May 23, 1596.
Captain Thomas J. Knox entered
West Point from Tennessee July 1, 1867,
and entered tlie^ army as second lieu
tenant of cavalry June, 1870. He was
made a captain in 1889.
Captain Lloyd S. McCormick is also
a West Pointer. He entered the Mili
tary Academy from Ohio and was
graduated in 1876, when he was ap
pointed a second lieutenant of the
Tenth Cavalry. He was promoted to a
captain's rank three years ago.
WICHITA, Kans., June 25.—Lieuten
ant J. R. Thomas, who was wounded
at Santiago, is a son of Judge Thomas
v.-ho is stationed at Muskogee. He is
one of the four judges in service, and
is called the "War Governor," as to
him was assigned the duty of granting
all commissions to territory officers.
He appointed his son a lieutenant, over
the objection of Judge 3 Clayton and
Townsend.
DENVER, June 25.— Mrs. Byram re
ceived a dispatch to-day assuring her
that her husband. Lieutenant George
L. Byram, who was wounded in the
fight near Santiago de Cuba yesterday,
was not seriously injured.
KANSAS CITY. June 25.— Captain T.
T. Knox and First Lieutenant George
L. Byram, wounded near Santiago,
were stationed at Fort Riley, Kans.,
with the First Cavalry, when the war
opened. Both are well known in this
city. Knox has a record as a fighter.
Byram is a crack pistol shot and last
spring at Fort Riley crave instruction in
revolver shootine. He is married.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., June 25.—Clif
ford Reed of Troop E, Rough Riders,
who was wounded in yesterday's battle,
near Santiago, is 21 yearß of age and a
son of E. A. Reed, a busi-.ess man of
this city. Young Reed is a graduate of
a high school in this city. He left for
New Mexico about four months ago
where he joined Roosevelt's Rough
Riders. ■
Ev*ry night. In every ship In her ma
jesty's navy, the Queen's health is drunk
by the officers of the vessel.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood. Overcome That
Tired Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparilla and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good It is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists.
; , ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ATTENTION! I
» . B
8 THIS CUT SHOWS THE
a THREE STYLES
** OF OUR FAMOUS w
g.. AQ.OO ;• »
! MEN'S FINE SHOES |
® Tbat Is Causing Suclj Great Excite-
O rrjent In the Shoe Market. 8
These Shoes are made of extra fine
■d quality calfskin, welted sewed soles, &
v^ three styles to select from, the. narrow j~
'-* coin toe, the wide coin toe and New 8
|■d York square toe, all sizes. W
1 vv These Shoes combine style, fit, com- «
.** fort and durability. Every pair is aa
« well made on the inside as on the out. ££
"We have every confidence in recom- w
& mending the Shoes. **
>^ Not as represented, your money back. Q
« Cut this out and save it to order by. $
vv No old odds and . ends in our stock, w
8 Every Shoe is in keeping with the w
fi times. 8
** See Examiner and Chronicle for ether '
O special bargains. V
«— — »
i NOLAN BROS., !
» PHELAN BUILDING. $
« 812-814 Market St. »
PHONE 5527. ®
a a
sogoaaaaaosaaaaaa
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Curedl
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chamley. M.'D.
17 THIRD ST. .near Market St.
Cfsyff* £(s' &f**trtfa (y.jffp' twit** C!?»|n(''P>r,
FLOOR
MATTING.
Fair quality, been wet, but. in good
order . "._ ,
5 Cents.
Or 40 yards in a piece at...: 581.75
bargains in every department at
CASH STORE
25=27 Market St., S. F.
LAST OPPORTUNITY
TO MAKE CONNECTION W/TH
FIRST STEAMERS UP THE YUKON
RIVER TO
DAWSON CITY.
— BRUNSWICK,
- Limited First-Class Accommodations. .
POSITIVE MM If V --O
SAILING kj LJ L- M & 9
Howard-Street Wharf. ,
Connecting with elegant new river steamship
LEON.
SECOND TRIP
S. S. LEELANAW/
JULY ;35.
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE.
LOWEST RATES.
The Alaska Exploration Co.,
, Liebes Building, 139 Post Street. ,
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S <>«•*
jf&at Museum of Anatomy
[Hn I*\ • "3061 '.11LSSSS ST. Ist. 6th* 7th, S. T. Cii.
B ? I The Largest of Its Mad In tie World.
ltnHrl DR. -JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Mk - • Con»uUa;loa free. TTrit* for Book
Wl I^PhiKpry^of W Marriage.
* *M ■■■■'-'•<:-;'-*.•'• MAILED FUCK. . .-■
ra^RVvi^We Rent all Makes. Few partly!
pJSSSt- 8 - used for Sale cheap. Send for
i&zS&fl Samples and Prices. \
Ml|L U& M. ALEXANDER
Agents SMITH PREMIER ,
1 io MONTGOMERY ST . s,f.,cal),
mMCNULTYT
■ njMUSy£f.t.KNOWN AND RKLI ABLK Or to
J. Specialist cw«Prlvate,Xervous,B!oo<J and Skin
Diseases of Me., only Manly Powpr reMOMMI. Over
ZOyars'pxpeneuce. Send for Book, fr^e i'titieuM
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9 to 3
<laily;6:3o tnS.TOeT'Rs. Sar.dKVs. lOto? Consult
Uon free and sacredly confidential Tali oVaddxew
»». ROSCOE Mnn.TT, m. i»..
28^ KEARNY STREET, SAN rKANCIBCO, CAL
RPTTQWT7Q FOR barbers, bak.
JJXIU OjQJLiO ens. bootblacks, bath-
. • houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, -< candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmllls, ; foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, , printers, painters, shoe factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
_ VMV M BUCHANAN BROS., ,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramen to St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EiRNTf : AND 'WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
*»■ • modeled . and renovated. KING. ' WARD • A
CO.- • = European plan. ■ Rooms 60c to ' Ji 60 day,
»6 to W8 week, $8 to *30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; - elevator run» all night. >. • ■ ' •-
;- *.. *-*l - SLEDS, 6OATS, ETC.
'* 1 . 75-horee = power I Roberts '} boiler, i 1 85-hore«
power. Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats. j
60 wooden boats of all descriptions "can be seen
at 71S Third street. GEO. W. KNEASS. ., ,-• .WEYLER IN
FAVOR OF
MONARCHY
But Sagasta Schemes to
Secure Peace for
Spaii).
While There Is a Prospect of Ter
minating the War the Premier
Will Hold On.
Special cable to The Call and the N?w York
Hprald. Copyrighted, 189S, by Jamee Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, June 25.— The much-talked
feature of the moment, when all are
asking what will come next, is General
"vVevler's declaration in favor of. the
monarchy. This may have much to do
with the greater feeling of calm to
day. The existence of a Cabinet crisis
Is denied by Senor Sapasta with abso
lute pood faith. He .further added that
at the council to-day the prospects of
war and not conditions of peace were
discussed.
The truth is that everything depends
to-day on the result of affairs at Santi
ago. Sasrasta will nut rush a crisis, be
ing aware of the difficulties of reform
ing the Ministry and establising a
government to meet the situation. One
feature is the perfect confidence of the
puhli • in Sagasta. His latest statement
is that rumors of peace negotiations
are premature.
The Premier wants peace. He feels
assured that the country both wants
and needs peace. He knows that peace
made without the consent of the coun
try would mean an immediate revolu
tion. Should the country show itself,
strongly against the Prime Minister's
:ul wishes, you may count upon
it that Senor Sagasta will wish to place
the reins of government and the terri
ble responsibility for the continuance
of the war in other hands. In the minds
of all statesmen loyal to the monarchy
and in the opinion^ of important politi
cal elements and social spheres having
influence in Spain the idea of peace
gains greater strength every day.
Independently of the fear which the
Carlists and Republicans inspii , it is
certain the (.Government will take
means for placing before the country
the problem of peace. It is recognized
that the United State? will formulate
terms of peace which will be unpopular
in this country, and that none better
are likely t" be forthcoming. Accord
ing to a politician whose opinion I have
taken from much everyday contact
with the ruling spirits of the country,
he has got rid of the
Cortes, will take m-asures for the for
a at ft <~>m fiti'Mi ' f" v-Miiiient, hav
ing as its inspiration Marshal Marti
nez Campos, General Polaviejo, Senors
Birvela, Pidal and Generals Linares
ami Rivas, retaining the present Min
isters of War and Marine.
nstituted, my political friend
B%ys the Government would proclaim
the wh«.-le peninsula in a state of siege,
re-enforcing garrisons in the north <>f
Spain, Valencia, Catalonia and other
Carlist and republican centers, and
would then appeal to b 'me friendly na
tion, probably France or Russia, to
make terms of peace. One difficulty
which arises In this project is the at
titude of General Weyler. whose posi
tion in Spanish politics is not well de
fined, but in whom many see a leader in
the revolution.
General Polavlejo, while at Sara
gosa, on his way to Athama. to-day
received a telegram from the head
Government, causing him to change his
route and return at once to Madrid.
This is an eloquent fact to those know-
Ing what is going on behind the scenes
in the political world. General Po
laviejo will be sure of a place if a gov
ernment is formed to support the mon
archy ami carry out peace proposals.
The Cabinet held a meeting this
morning and later the Premier. Senor
Sagasta, went to the palace. He told
the newspaper representatives that the
Cabinet meeting was to be reconvened,
but he rr-fused to furnish any further
Information on the subject. Although
it Is officially announced that the Pre
mier visited the Queen Regent In order
to furnish her Majesty with the usual
report on current affairs, it Is generally
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lfer" ll^ ; > \&L No matter
| "^2\\\ N " / ' \jsa6Fhow much of
\ " " ' i\\ elf» a business wo-
l^ Jl\ Vi V/M& man a woman
V 7 / \ \ \ML maybe, when
"A & \^O^iB the little love "
I In %£& \ «F god makes up
• ' (?'<^^O^ - V \* his mind to
V _-■/** shoot, there is
no protection
.<gamst his arrow. Yet many a young woman
whose affections are already engaged, hesi-
tates to assume the obligations of wifehood
and motherhood, because she feels unfitted
for them by some physical weakness or
disease.
The special ailments to which the femi-
nine organism is liable, not only unfit a wo-
man for happy wifehood and motherhood,
but incapacitate her for any sphere of action.
No woman can discharge the daily duties of ,
any position with comfort or satisfaction
■who is constantly weighed down by head-
aches, backaches and dragging, weakening
drains.
Troubles of this nature are not by any
means a necessity of womanhood. They
are positively and completely cured by Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription. It imparts
genuine health and strength to the womanly
organs. It was de vised for this one purpose
by an eminent specialist in this particular
field of practice.
" For several years I suffered with prolapsus of ■'
the uterus," writes Miss A. Lee Schuster, of Box
a, Rodney, Jefferson' Co.. Miss. "Our family;
physician treated me for kidney trouble, and cv- •
erything else but the ri^ht thins:. I grew worse ■
aiid worse. My body was emaciated, hands and :
feet clammy and cold, stomach weak, with great I
palpitation of the. h^art. 1 dreaded for night to
come for I would suffer with nausea all night and
so I continued until some kind unknown friend;
♦Tit me your book with a marked page. I began ;
taking your 'Favorite Prescription,' contrary to
my family's «ri*be*. and I began to improve n'yht
sway. • I have taken three bottles and now I * ra
very nearly well and am very happy, and thank-
ful to you." .'■.■■■
believed that the expected Ministerial
crisis has occurred.
LONDON, June 26.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Sunday Times says:
Admiral Carnara's fleet will not go to
Manila, but to another port in the
Philippines, to land troops in order to
hold a strong position. The fleet will
then be ready for action, and if Ad
miral Dewey wants to flpht he will
have to lwivo Manila Bay. Admiral
Dewey will thus either leave the bay
unprotected or divide his fleet. This
move has made a pood impression here.
Interest to-day centered in the meet
ing of the Cabinet. It is believed that
the >. misters favor overtures for peace,
but disagree as to the manner in which
they should proceed and this may pro
voke a crir ; s and precipitate the end.
SPAIN SENDS OUT
A LITTLE "FEELER"
Declares That Peace Suggestions
Have Been Made by the
United States.
MADRID, June 2f>.— It is reported
here that the peace conditions suggest
ed by the United States include the
possession of Porto Rico, the independ
ence of Cuba with an American pro
tectorate, a naval station in the Phil
ippine Islands, and a coal depot in the
Canary Islands.
WASHINGTON, June 25.— The an
nouncement from Madrid that the
United States has suggested peace con
ditions with Spain was received here
with great interest for the reason that
the report was regarded as a "feeler"
set afloat with the distinct purpose of
developing the state of public feeling
in America, as well as in Europe.
There is no basis of fa,ct for the re
port, for at the State Department it
met a prompt and unqualified denial
at every point. No overtures have
come to the department from any re
sponsible diplomat as yet, looking to
the consummation of peace. Still it
is known that some of the representa
tives of the European powers here,
realizing the serious inroads that are
making upon European commerce by
the continuance of hostilities, stand
ready at any auspicious moment to
sound our Government as to what con
ditions might serve as a basis of ne
gotiations for a brief period. These
diplomats would naturally closely
watch the effect upon the people of
the United States of such a rumor as
this coming from Madrid, and if the
general sentiment seems .to incline to
the acceptance of some such conditions,
they would be quick to advise their
governments in the expectation of re
ceiving instructions to approach the
Government of the United States on
the subject.
The terms suggested in the Madrid
dispatches seem calculated to tempt
that element In the United States
which, realizing the Impotence of at
tempting to restrain altogether the
popular desirp for territorial acquisi
tion, seeks to confine it within the low
est reasonable limits. The conditions
nro such as naturally might suggest
themselves tn the Spanish element
most inclined for peace as a proper
basis for negotiation, although It can
not be expected that they would ini
tially comply with the demands of the
United States.
HOW VARIOUS FORCES
ARE SAID TO BE LOCATED
Cubans, Apparently, Will Play an
Important Part in Dealing
With Spaniards.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 23,
by the Associated Press dispatch boat
to Port Antonio. Jamaica, June 24. —
The situation as regards the disposi
tion and location of the American,
Spai.ish and Cuban forces Is as fol
lows :
General Shafter's army of 16,500 men
Is massed to the eastward of Santiago
de Cuba, at Baiquirl and Juragua;
General Castillo, with 12.000 men, is at
Baiqulri, and Colonel Agulri, with 200,
at Jura— i. These are to be joined by
General Garcia with 4000 men. Three
thousand of General Garcia's men hold
2000 Spaniards In Holguln, and Gen
eral Rabi. with 1000, threatens 2000
Spanish troops at Manzanillo. In San
tiago there are believed to be 9000
Spanish soldiers with such reinforce
ments as are to be had b->- the concen
tration movement In progress.
LADEN WITH SUPPLIES
FOR THE SPANIARDS
British Vessel "Arrives at Fort de
France With a Cargo of Coal
and Provtsions.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. ]898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ST. PIERRE, Martinique, June 25.—
The steamer Remembrance, a vessel of
Spanish build, but flying the British
flag, with a crew about equally divided
between English and Spanish sailors,
arrived at Fort de France yesterday
from Cadiz. The Remembrance carries
a cargo of coal and provisions con
signed to the Spanish Consul and is
trying to obtain permission to supply
the Spanish hospital ship Alicante.
When the Remembrance left the Cadiz
fleet there was coaling.
Slow Sailing Through Suez.
SAN DIEGO June 25.— According to
James Schmid of this city, who has
spent a portion of his life in proximity
to the Suez Canal, it will take a fleet
like that of Admiral Camara a week
to make the distance between Port Said
and Suez. Schmid mentions a case
where battleships went throueh the
canal some time ago. He says that
their guns, coal, etc.. had to be re
moved and placed on lighters, but aside
from the delay thus caused there was
no trouble.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTTNE 26, 1898.
EXTENSION OF THE BLOCKADE.
Thin chart nhown the coantn of Cuba nnil adjacent lnlandn and the
route* by which the Spaninrdu have been rnnnluu firm* and nnpplien
from .l.mmi.a into Cuban port*, vrlth the patrol line net by Admiral
Sampson to ntop them.
The navnl operations off the eoant of Santiago de (nhn and the
convoy of (irnrrnl Shafter'n army thither have kept the vemelx of Ad
mii-nl Snmpnon'n fleet quite buity for the pant three irrrku, but now
that they have renched such an advanced "(rui- as to admit It, he him
detached a part of hin fleet on a nerviee of urenl Importance, whleh for
the time had to be neglected.
The orlßinnl plan of the blockade of Cuba contemplated covering
the several ports en»( nnd went of Havann on the north, nnd Clenfne-
Kon on the noiith, all of -which were connected with the capitnl by rail,
and throwing a patrol alonß the nonthwent coast to keep off nach
venneln an tried to run in at other pointn near Havana. (ervera'n en
tering the harbor of Santiago vrlth bin fleet nhlfted the ncene of mont
active operations from the wentern to the eantern end of the Inland,
ami the lnrjcer part of the venneln at Admiral Sampnon'n dinponal have
been for pomt- time past there <-mujiu<'<l.
TnkiiiK udvmitiiKe of tills, the Spitnlnrdai have been rushing: rap
plies Into Mnnznnillo, Snntn t'riiF^—the southern port of Puerto Prin
cipe — Triiililnd In Snntn C'lnra, and lintnlinno, in Havana Province,
thirty-flve miles from the city, nnd connected with it as well nn with
Ma tn n /.us, Cnrdenns nnd rienfneKON by rnilroad. Provision* and mili
tary supplies of nil kinds have been taken In to General ninnco In
!;ii-ui- quantities by this latter route. These have mostly gone by wny
of the Isle of Pines, fifty miles south of llatnbano, thonicli some lluht
ilmuulit vessels have made their way directly from Jamaica portn to
nntnbnno by nay of Rosario Channel.
The wnters between the Cnban coast and the Isle of Pines from Just
west of Clenfnejjos to the south of Plnar del Itlo are quite shallow and
fnll of numberless small islands or cnyos, nnd bnnks and reefs which
make navicntlnn difficult for even the smaller vessels, and Impos
sible for the larger ones. These mnst transfer their carproen to the
smaller craft, which can thread the narrow nnd intricate channels be
tween the cnyos anil banks. The western end of the Isle of Pines of
fers peculiar facilities for this hnsiness, which fact made thin Inland
for a loiik time a ureat resort for the pirates nnd buccaneer* who In
fested the AVest Indian waters. OIT the aonthwest const the water Is
very deep rlftht up to the shore, and off Cape Francis the depth
ehaiiKcs within the distance of a mile from hundreds of fathoms to a
half score of feet. Here, under the bluff the fteaproingr vessels meet a
fleet of small craft and in the course of a few hours a larnre and valua
ble cnrKO is transferred and well on the way to Ilavnnn, safe from pur
nult of any American warship that mlfflit happen along;.
Admiral Sampson's plan Is to have four or more swift vessels pa
trol the wnters between Cape Crui and Cape Francis, cutting; across
the routes of the blockade rnnners several times each day and mak
ing their business an extremely hasardons one, if not stopping It alto
gether.
Kingston, Jamaica, has for a time been to the Spaniards In Cuba
what Nassau in the Bahamas was tothe South during the civil war, but
this will soon be ended now.
TRIED TO RUN
THE BLOCKADE
Capture of a Vessel That
Left Havana.
CAUGHT BY THE VICKSBURG
REFUGEES WILLING TO TAKE
DESPERATE CHANCES.
Preferred Being Taken Prisoners by
Americans to Facing the Hor
rors at the Cubar
Capital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., June 25.— A two
masted vessel, the Amapala. of Tru
jillo, Honduras, was brought in here
this' morning flying the American flag
and in charge of Ensign Zeen of the
Vlcksburg. She was captured yester
day afternoon at sunset while leaving
Havana and attempting to run the
blockade. She was quickly overhauled
and the Vicksburg found over thirty
women and children and a number of
«i 93 on board, crew and passengers.
There was no sickness on board the
Amapala, but she is detained at quar
antine. m"««
ihe Amapala belonged to Emanuel
Montesino Monteres or Trujillo Hon
duras. Her crew numbers eleven men
besides the captain, but almost alFon
board were refugees.
M. Base, a French citizen, who three
years ago was a leading exchantr*
broker in Havana, chartered the %e s
sel and got together over forty oeonle
eager to embrace any chance to escape
from Havana. He was in charge of
the expedition, which was made up of
all nationalities, including Spanish
trench, Venezuelans, Cubans and
Turks. They fully expected to be cap
tured, but felt that any risk was pre
ferable to starvation.
The Amapala came out of Havana
and offered no resistance. All of the
captives are confident of release
Hardly any provisions were on board
at the time of the capture, and no cargo
of contraband articles was found and
the vessel may not be held. The pas
senges report everything quiet at Ha
vana, which looks like a deserted city
since business and traffic are at a
standstill.
The banking firms of H. Upton &
Co., J. Burges & Co., Vareisco, Ruez &
Co. and N. Golats & Co. are the only
ones doing any business. All other
firms are either closing up or dragging
on, waiting for the end of the war, and
have discharged all employes.
Starvation stares the lower classes
in the face. The well to do have laid in
three months' stores. After they are
exhausted distress will be general, as
there is no further source of supply.
The stories regarding the relief
through southern ports are denied.
Nothing has gone into Havana for over
a month, and the situation, conse
quently, is very grave. Murder and rob
bery are of daily occurrence In Havana,
prompted in every case by want and
hunger.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
,;. .;-.- --.. .--. ■ -- .,-..,.. ..;; ; ; . — — ; . — — «.*» — . •* •• ••■ •-•+
' i Every man owes it to
"■"* i^*w himself to do the best h&
J^^^^p yourself a good turn, as
/^~~\ thousands have done be-
(tS^ i^iliillir®' (L) v^ /o/*e 7/o^> and take ad-
~^ vantage of our unload-
m^^mM^a^^^^" ing of our finest Spring
I^^^^^SiS^^! Ti Sum T r n stoc \ of
I !C^i«i!!!*^^^W' : -^ Suits and Overcoats—
1 ((Pc\ <^^£ oocZs that have sold f ronb
f i£^s $ 20 down io ft l5 ' which
\-i) Atjfer? we h av6 now placed ira-
0?/r &^ corner window
\wSbv SBmBI j^tjj^H season hare won many
|sg£B iraoi new friends for our
|O^^ EjOS Men's Suit and Overcoat
""^"^ »^^y r^^ Department. They have
thing we have ever shown. :
The tailoring, the colorings, the trimmings, commend themselves to every
dresser of good taste.
• ' Saturday was a day of levee at our house*, and we pride ourselves upon
having some of the cleverest dressers in town getting some of those very pretty
silk-faced blue and black Cheviot Suits. You know what they are They're
$20 everywhere. Very swell, nothing swell er in America at any price, and,*
these are now yours at
>^r i I & W' %Jr
, , « »
One of the nobbiest little Top Coats that you have ever laid your eyes*
U On — a natty affair lined throughout with silk, in several shades of tan m
always $20, now .
j j |j| JinnfYTYinnr^
E C 3 B B S3 H H B B X S3 jf^^ _■ JB&
■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■ 'THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 13, 15 KEARNY STREET.
MORRO FORT
DESERTED BY
THE ENEMY
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 25.—Mor
ro Castle, the most formidable defense
about Santiago harbor, Is reported on
excellent authority to have been aban
doned by the Spaniards. If this be true
' it will be the simplest task for Admiral
! Sampson, with such vessels in his fleet
as he deems necessary for the work, to
enter the harbor, attack Admiral Cer
vera's fleet and assist General Shafter
in capturing or destroying the cif of
Santiago.
Admiral Sampson has been ready for
a week to smash this last remaining
fortification at the entrance to the har
bor. It was his intention to have made
I the attack last Saturday, after he had
verified the information from shore
that Lieutenant Hobson and his Mluw
heroes ot the Merrimac were no longer
coiiiiiied in the ancient and picturesque
structure. h
If cue Spaniards have deserted the
castle the American fleet wilt likely
have little shooting to do until ft gets
within range of Cervera's ships.
The officers in the American fleet
have been Intensely indignant over the
course of the Spaniards in imprisoning
Lieutenant Hobson and his men in
Morro. They suspected this was done
solely for the purpose of deterring the
Americans from assaulting the castle.
The Spaniards apparently were com
pletely unnerved by the terrible de
struction done by the dynamite guns
of t>"» Vesuvius about the fortifications
across the harbor from Morro, and used
Hobson and his men as a shield as long
as they could with safety to them
selves.
It •-— been known to Admiral Samp
son for nearly a week that the Spanish
gunners have not dared to sleep in
Morro at night. They have been aban
doning their guns at sunset, returning
to the fortification early in the morn-
ing.
Neither Admiral Sampson n»r any
of his officers expected the Spaniards
to desert Morro entirely. It it has
been abandoned it looks as if the ene
my intended to mass all its guns and
men in Santiago cit"- where one last
desperate stand against American and
Cuban forces will be made.
GOVERNOR M'CORD
TO TAKE THE FIELD
Arizona's Executive Commissioned
Colonel and Authorized to
Raise a Regiment.
PHOENIX, June 25.— Governor Mc-
Cord was gratified to receive late this
afternoon notification from the War •
Department at Washington that he is \
to raise a regiment of infantry from j
Arizona under the second call for j
troops. The National Guard of the Ter- ]
ritory, 600 strong, will be given an op
portunity to volunteer and fully 700 ad
ditional volunteers have already been
recruited. Whipple Barracks will ba
the place of rendezvous. Governor Mc-
Cord has been notified that he has been
tendered the commission of colonel of
this regiment. He has accepted.
AMMUNITION AND
FOOD VERY SCARCE
Bread Will Soon Be Unobtainable at
the Blockaded City of
Havana.
CHICAGO, June 25.— J. A. Vargos, th»
former Mexican Consul in this city, is
the recipient of a significant letter from
Havana. The writer is a relative of
Mr. Yargos and an officer in the Span
ish army connected "with the judicial
branch of the service. The communica
tion contains the assertion that the
Spanish have not more than 140 rounds
for each cannon in and around Ha
vana. Bread in that city, according
to the writer, has risen to three times
its price, and soon threatens to be un
obtainable. All other food is scarce.
THINK SPANIARDS
WILL JVIAKE A SORTIE i
Naval Officers Say the Dons Will
Make Some Sort of a Show
at Havana.
KEY WEST, June 25.— Officers on the
blockading vessels on the north coast
of Cuba infer from movements of small
Spanish vessels in the harbor of Ha
vana that the Spaniards contemplate a
sortie with the best fleet they can get j
together within a day or two.
34
THE COPTIC SPEAKING THE TRANSPORTS.
On the JLst inst, at 1:30 o'clock In the afternoon, the Oriental and Occidental Steamship Company's Coptic, from Honolulu for San Francisco, spoke
cne transports Colon, Zealandia and Senator, In latitude 28- degrees 9 minutes north, long-itude 146 decrees 34 minutes west. ' This was a day after
the Peru spoke the fleet, and they were consequently 300 miles nearer Honolulu, or within two days' steaming of the islands.
REPORTS
SENT BY
SHAFTER
Tell of Losses Sustained
by the Cavalry Near
Sevilla.
Santiago Will Not Be Taker) With
out the Aid of Artillery-Rein
forcements to Be Sent.
ooooooooooocooooooooooooooooooooooo
o WASHINGTON, Tune 25.— The War Department received these !?
q two dispatches from Major-General Shafter to-day: °
o "BAIQUIRI, June 24.— 1n pushing out to occupy a good position ®
o near Sevilla to wait and entrench until supplies and artillery could be
o landed, the First and Tenth Caval-y and Wood's regiment had a skir- ®
Q niish. The enemy was driven from his position and General vVheeler re- °
Q ports that he now occupies the ground. The wounded include Major ®
Q Bell, Captain Knox, Captain Wainwright, Lieutenant Byram of the First
Q Cavalry and a number of men. The above names only are given. The
lighters and steam tugs asked for this morning should be sent at once °
o < 'SHAFTER." °
"BAIQUIRI, Juiu 24.— Further news from General Wheeler places °
our loss in the morning's firing at about ten killed and forty wounded. °
Captain Capron, First United States Volunteer Cavalry, was killed. °
Among the wounded are Major Brodie, Captain McClfntock and Lieu- °
tenant Thomas of the First United States Volunteer Cavalry; Major Bell, °
*» Captain Kuox and Lieutenant Byram, First United States Cavalry. Cap- °
O tain Knox is seriously hurt. Captain Wainwright, formerly reported as °
© wounded, is uninjured. The names of the others killed and wounded °
© are not yet known. The Spaniards occupied a very strong and entrench- ®
O ed position, which is now occupied by our troops, about a mile and a ®
O half from Sevilla. The enemy has retired toward Santiago de Cuba. °
° -'-SHAFTER." °
O C
cooooooooooeoooooocoooooooooooooooo
WASHINGTON, June 25.— Interest !
shifted sharply to-day from the Navy j
Department to the War Department. I
The newspaper reports, brief and
graphic, telling of the short, bloody en
gagement between the Spaniards de
fending Santiago and the Rough
Riders, the romantic figures in the
American army, had aroused popular
Interest to a high pitch. Consequently
the War Department scarcely opened
for business before a crowd of news
paper men and other interested persons
filled the hall and vicinity of the bul
letin boards, seeking for some official
Information that would supply data
missing from the press accounts.
It was not until nearly noon that the
first cablegram came from Shafter and
then, to the disappointment of the de
partment. It was even more meager
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
ft I PI I Xi: cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. IAKK'OMIIii:, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing succesß. Contu-
sion* bloo«l poi*f»u In any of Its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
■ystem. !...»• «IIe» will receive special
attention for rll their many ailments.
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L.
BWEANY, M. D., 787 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal.
than the press reports. During the
course of the day several other dis
patches were received, but they all left
something to be desired, for, being un
der yesterday's date, they did not re
lieve anxiety as to what happened yes
terday evening and to-day with the
two armies separated by the short
space of a mile and a half.
An explanation of this state of affairs
was found in the fact that General
Shatter failed to take with him from
Tampa the splendid field telegraph
service that had been prepared with
much care by General Greely for just
such a campaign as is now being
waged. It is probable that he has al
ready seen his error and will avail him
seif of the instruments just as soon as
they can be sent to him. There was a
general expression of grief at the loss
sustained by the soldiers in yesterday's
fight. Still, officials in high places ex
pressed themselves as thoroughly satis
fied with the result, realizing that war
Cannot be successful without sacrifice
of life.
The Impression gained from one of
General Shafter's dispatches is that he
is now about to delay his advance until
he has secured his artillery. Such a
course will be dictated by common pru
dence, for it is known that the Span
lards have fortified as far as they could
advanced positions outside of Santiago
and it would be the height of folly to
throw soldiers unsupported by artil
lery against such works.
Unfortunately there promises to be
some delay in landing all the artillery,
owing to the loss on the voyage to San
tiago of the big lighter which seems to
be necessary to transfer guns from
the ships to the landing pier. The na
val authorities have responded prompt
ly to the appeal of the War Department
and some means will be found through
the aid of the warships to accelerate
the landing of the supplies and guns
Genffral Shafter's dispatches throw
considerable new light on the general
situation of the advance forces It
makes it evident that Major General
Wheeler, commander of the cavalry di
vision, is with the advance force the
Rough Riders and the cavalry forces
which participated yesterday, being a
part of General Wheeler's command It
is felt to be characteristic of the dash
and impetuosity of Wheeler that he
should be leading the advance, and it
is taken as answering some of the com
ments made upon the age of some of
the volunteer leaders.
General Shafter's report that our
troops are now about a mile and a half
from Sevilla shows how rapidly the
American soldiers pushed forward
They have already reached Juragua
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUN DAY, JUNE 2G, 1898.
I Sevilla Is the point where the Spaniards
I claim they will make a desperate stand,
and with our forces only a mile and a
half off it Is apparent that a decisive
fight is near at hand. It is five miles
from Sevilla to Aguadores (the interior
town, not the port) and two miles fur
ther to Santiago. This shows our
troops to be about eight and a half
miles from Santiago, according to Gen
eral Shafter's report.
The Captain Wainwright referred to
in General Shafter's dispatch as being
injured belongs to the First Cavalry.
His full name is Robert F. P. Wain
wright. He was born in Pennsylvania,
and appointed to the military academy
from New York.
Secretary Alger and General Miles
look for desperate fighting very soon.
The main attention is given to hurry
ing forward re-enforcements and stores
to General Shafter.
During the day Secretary Alger and
General Miles held several conferences,
not so much to go over the struggle
of yesterday as to give every military
preparation for the great struggle yet
to come. As a result, however, re
enforcements will go forward at once,
both from Tampa and from Newport
News. An expedition of 6000 men is
expected to leave Tampa within the
next three days. It comprises the
command of Brigadier General Snyder,
the Third Division of the First Army
Corps. The stores are already going
aboard the transports and the start of
the expedition only waits the arrival
of the naval convoy. Part of the war
ships sent over with Shafter's expedi
tion have been released from Admiral
Sampson and are now on their way
back to Tampa to escort the additional
troops. Others will follow and then
another formidable marine procession
will start across the Gulf to Cuba.
Whether the battle-ship Indiana will
lead this expedition, as it did the last,
is not definitely settled. There will
be several heavy warships, however,
as well as lighter craft, to give safe
conduct to General Snyder's division.
Simultaneous with this, General
Henry's division will be moving along
the Atlantic coast and thence to San
tiago. In all the re-enforcements from
Tampa arid Newport News will be In
the neighborhood of 12,000 or 14,000 men.
Drafts on Chickamauga are likely to
follow soon, as the hurry orders re
cently given have led to the full equip
ment of several commands.
The War Department is acting on
the theory that it is not politic to take
any possible chance of a serious re
verse near Santiago. The latest in
formation reaching the authorities here
shows that the Spanish army is greater
than has been estimated thus far.
Lieutenant Joyce of the regular army
reported to General Miles to-day, giv
ing much information as to the" num
ber and location of the Spanish troops.
Before Joyce entered the United States
army he had served with General Gar
cia and had traversed a good part of
Santiago Province.
He was on the ground only for a few
weeks ago, leaving there in April and
at that time he had opportunities to get
an accurate idea of the Spanish forces
at the eastern end of the island. He
reports the number at 37,000, of which
12,000 are in Santiago, 10,000 at Holguin
and 15,000 at Manzanillo. Once concen
trated at Santiago this would make a
formidable army, but separated by for
est and mountains, the insurgents are
expected to keep the force at Holguin
and Manzanillo from getting to Santi
ago. One of the curious features of the
situation was the opening of direct
communication between the Spaniards
in Santiago and the outside world over
the French cable, through the medium
of an American military censor. This
was effected to-day by the restoration
of the circuit running from Santiago
overland to the place on the shore
within the American line — Playa del
Este — where the cable begins which
runs across to Cape Haytien. At the
junction sits the American army offi
cer who discharges the duty of censor.
So far only test messages have gone
through over this circuit, but it will
be open to ordinary business that is
able to pass successfully both American
and Spanish censorship.
The Naval Department has acquired
the fine steamship Pedro, which was
declared a prize, having been captured
by the Nashville early in the war. She
was bought subject to prize liens and
was to-day christened Hector and or
dered to be converted into a collier. The
steamer Norse Kin. . just purchased,
has been christened Rainbow and
changed into a distiller to supply the
fleet with pure water.
WORK OF A FIREBUG.
Business Section of Suisun Endan-
gered by Incendiarism.
ST'TSUN, June 25.— The people of Sui
sun were aroused by an alarm of fire at
12:45 o'clock this morning, and the Sui
sun Hotel, owned by Mrs. Kate Glddlngs
was discovered to be ablaze. The fire
had gained some headway, but the fiire
company soon had it subdued. The blaze
was beyond question the work of an in
cendiary, and had it riot been discovered
just in time the business portion of the
town would have been doomed.
The owner of the hotel was away last
night and left the place In charge of the
cook, whose actions after the fire was
extinguished led to his arrest. Thero
being insufficient evidence to hold him, ho
was released to-day. It Is reported the
place was Insured for $3400. The loss will
amount to not more than $250. The of
ficers have been carefully investigating
the cause of the fir*.
Celebrate the Fourth -with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. •
SAUSALITO'S
SAD PLIGHT
Name of a Fair Town
Besmirched.
FAST BECOMING NOTORIOUS
RESULT OF THE POOLROOM
SCANDALS.
Even the Gamblers Supply a Lesson
in Dignity to the Officials
of the Marin Muni
cipality.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAUSALJTO, June 25.— One brief
month ago this little city was deemed
an ideal pleasure resort, a cool and
delightful spot where the warm sum
mer months could be whiled away
agreeably. To-day Its natural beauty
remains, and that is its sole attraction.
For the cause the chance visitor has
only to look along Water street, the
principal thoroughfare of the town.
"Poolrooms"— that one word tells the
story. •
The town has been blighted by them,
its good name dragged in the mud of
turmoil, and the decent citizens of the i
community nauseated by the presence
of a gang of inciters to law breaking,
fighting and boodling. Three of the
Trustees were elected on a poolroom
platform and did their duty— if such a
word may be used in that connection—
by voting for the poolrooms. But
when it came to the proposition of per
mitting two men, Harrison and Har
vey, to monopolize the profits of the I
business to please Christopher Buck- !
ley, there arose a rebellion.
Up to that time the poolroom gamb
lers had acted decently enough, and,
so far as mere personal behavior goes,
they have since then. These men come
and go, thinking only of their gains
and losses, and they never yet have In
sulted a woman in the town, notwith
standing the paragraphs of yellow
journalism.
But the townspeople have not de
ported themselves as well as the g^m- |
biers have— there lies the sting. There I
have been fist fights, wars of words, |
monetary corruption, cutting of tele
graph wires, and, finally, a threatened
shooting scrape. The occasion seemed
to be made for officials and "smooth"
lawyers like Sylva, such picnic scrap
pers as Creed, such weakling Justices
as Bellrude and^cJimpton and that riff
raff of a community hanging like vul
tures around every game of chance.
These have been in their element.
Why the Trustees refused a license to
the third comers can only be con- i
jectured. A peculiar thing in this con
nection is that nearly every honest |
man will conjecture the same way. But
they did, and to their action may be
ascribed the lamentable results. When
the wires in Broyer, Glynn & Hum
phreys' rooms were cut the far-seeing
townsmen saw coming relief to the
town's plight. The officials had leaped
in one instance before they looked by j
tampering with the wires c-f the com
pany doing business under a Govern
ment charter and bonded by the Gov- I
ernment. The company removed its j
wires, and in the expressive vernacular I
of "Billy" McMillan:
"I guess the whole shooting match is
over."
To-day Sylva, Harrison, Simpton and
others were in San Francisco petition
ing Superintendent Jaynea to place
their wires back. They were told that
only when affairs *.er£ amicably settled
and the scenes that have daily dis
graced not only a single city but scan
dalized a county and even brought the
good name of the State into disrepute >
were stopped would the wires be put
back. As the San Mateo contingent
seems inclined to continue the agita- ;
tion it seems as though this trio will ;
have to be settled with before any pool- ;
room can operate. To true sportsmen,
those who have at heart the sport pa
tronized by royalty itself, there re
mains the hope that the town will dis
continue its disgraceful procedure, even i
if the "smooth" lawyer, the noblest j
scrapper of them all, the Justices that !
see law as others see it, and the whole j
gambling fraternity are forced to pick
up their beds and walk.
To-day the town was quiet. The ac
tion of the Western Union Company in
removing its wires from the favored !
pool-ooms after they had been cut in |
the San Mateo trio's place of business
prevented resumption of operations and
the gamblers did not cross the bay in
numbers.
Will Convene at Cloverdale.
SANTA ROSA, June 25.— At a meeting
of the Republican County Central Com
mittee here this afternoon it was decided
to hold the county nominating convention
on Tuesday, August 9, at Cloverdale.
MANY VICTIMS
OF THE GALE
Three Lives Sacrificed
at Sioux City.
TWO SCORE PERSONS INLURED
EXTENT OF THE FOREPATJGH
CIRCUS DISASTER.
Several of Those Who Were Crushed
by the Falling Tent Poles Are
Not Expected to
Survive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, June 25.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Sioux City, lowa,
says: Many additional victims of the
storm which blew down the Forepaugh
circus tent were discovered to-day. The
dead number three and the Injured
thirty-three. Of the latter ten are
critically hurt, and some may die. The
dead are: Adolph Halverson, Judge A.
G. Steiner and an unidentified infant.
Following is a list of the Injured:
John Reddy, John Naffzleger, Mrs. J.
D. Fair, Dr. Harvey Marvin, Fred Rey
nolds (circus clown), A. W. Erwin, "Wil
liam Simpson (circus hand), Wilbur
Bailey, Mrs. George Lyon, Peter
Branch, W. W. Wienand, W. P. Keefe,
Mrs. A. G. Steiner, J. H. Carney, Mary
Beck, Frank Harney, Maud Hanchan,
Frank Ryan, Henry Mainson, Henry
Newmier, Peter Wilson, Dr. W. W.
White, Charles Tenny, W. E. Lockhart,
Ralph Shull, Jack Ryan, Herbert Jank
ins, Fitz Selzer, A. W. Curney, Tom
Ford, Miss Allie Wallum, W. J. Haw
den (circus employe), Dr. F. A. Powell.
PITTSBURG, June 25.— A terrific
wind and rain storm passed over West
ern Pennsylvania shortly after 1 o'clock
this afternoon. Trees, flagstaffs and
fences were blown down, telegraph and
telephone wires prostrated and a num
ber of houses unroofed. One man was
killed. As far as was known, there
were no other casualties. The wind
reached a velocity of 48 miles an hour —
the highest ever recorded here — and the
rainfall in ten minutes was .25 of an
inch. The Postal Telegraph Company
reports all wires down south of Oil
City.
ALGONQUIN, 111., June 25.— The se
verest storm in this vicinity for sixteen
years has swept over Algonquin, finish
ing to-day. The railroad on both sides
was washed out and the town will be
cut off by rail from the outside world
for several days. Algonquin is situated
on the Fox River, between ranges of
bluffs. The water in the river rose
twelve feet. There were a number <>f
narrow escapes from drowning, the
Dodd boys rescuing two men locked in
a death embrace as they were going
down for the last time. Several rail
road and other bridges were washed
away. A number of merchants had
their stocks injured by water and many
cattle were drowned.
CINCINNATI, June 27.— A severe
wind storm blew down the smokestack,
seventy-five feet high and twenty-five
feet in diameter, at Muth's bakery, on
Richmond street, crushing in portions
of the building. Five persons have been
For those who are puny ; for those who lack vim and
fire ; for those who feel a sense of unfitness for big
duties, there is pity. But as well as pity there is
hope. No single case has yet been presented that
has not been helped by "Hudyan." The simple truth
is that "Hudyan" cures— and "Hudyan" cures always.
Admitting that you have been the most stupid man
on earth— will you ask what can be done for you?
It will cost jou nothing to find this out. Why not
do it? Do you think that 20,000 men can be got
together to tell the same lie? You know they can-
not. Yet 20,000 men say that they have been cured—
been made manly men by "Hudyan." You may feel
that you have transgressed too much, but that is
stupid. "Hudyan" has had to help much worse cases
than yours. And it not only has helped them, but it
has CURED them all. The army of grand, vigorous
men whose blood goes pulsating to every part of
their body to-day, who were weaklings months ago,
is the evidence. Warm, burly, grand manhood is
theirs to-day. It may be yours to-morrow— no mat-
ter whether you have abused your stomach, your
brain, your liver or any other organ of your body.
The best medical advice is yours, too, if you will ask
for it. No cent of expense. Tell your troubles and
get the help. Blood taint is prevalent. If you notice
any sign of it get the help of the physicians at the
Institute. "Thirty-day Blood Cure" drives all sus-
picion out of the body at once. Like "Hudyan" it
can be had on trial. Its name is as firmly estab-
lished in the world as that of "Hudyan." It always
cures.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
IT IS THE HOME OF REMEDIES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m .'. ' -"..■.■. ■ ■_■_■-■-■-■-■-■-■■
B I H-H-a-S-ffl-H-H-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-ffl-B ■■
i GREAT I
I BARGAINS I
I FOR THIS WEEK!'
1 : ■ :.- — —^^ ■• 7
T .;■ SILKS. WASH GOODS. ?
■■'CA j* A YARD— 2OOO yards of "_ A YARD— SOO pieces of |
„ lip Fine Foulard Silk, hP American Percales, in H
I vUU beautiful patterns, U U neat stripes and checks, I
1 broken lines, worth $1.25, $1.00 good quality at sc. ■
I and 75c, to be closed out at 50c. I
¥ iftl _ A YARD— ISOO yards of I
■ At a A YARD— yards of I /of 1 Scotch Zephyr Ging- ■
I hnP Fine Brocaded Taf- t£ml\3 hams, in beautiful I
gl UUU fetas, in neat designs, plaids, fine quality at 12^c a •
I to be closed out at 65c. "■".;-' - yard. I
■0 ' ' ■>
I DRESS GOODS. HOSIERY. J
* %r^-^£\% 20cH?F H Bia ° cZkC f t
B £JU Cheviots, in neat mix- i£ U « bed Cotton Hose, extra .
B tures, regular 60c and 50c l ine Q u , allty ' a good )![f arin f "
i goods, to be closed out at 25c. gSTifS^f^^ 4Oc a " d ■
■ ■
I AYARD 2ooo ardsof i ir^ A PAIR— IOO Ladies' I
■ TBIP 46 .- inch all-wool Black \ \P Tan Cotton Hose, very ■
I UUU Figured Jacquard Suit- IvJU good quality, high _
Ql ings, in beautiful designs, j spliced heels and toes, extra ■
I . worth 90c, to be closed out quality at 25c a pair, to be _
H at 50c. r. sold at 15c a pair. ■
■ • ■ ■ ;■ ■
7 123 to 129 POST STREET. T
■ fa
HI ffl-B-H-B-H-H-H-H-B-H-H-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-BH
B B B B B B B — B — B — H | — B — B — B — B — B — B B B B^
■ ; -■■■■■■■■>
taken out injured and two are sup
posed to be fatally hurt. Spectators
differ as to the cause of the accident.
Some who saw it say the stack, which
has a metallic lining, was struck by
lightning; others say the fierce wind
snapped it off above the roof. The
stack had just been built. The debris
fell through several stories to the
ground floor. The first thought was
that many were killed, as nearly a
hundred women and children were at
the bakery after stale bread, which is
distributed free every morning. A
panic resulted and several childr-en
were knocked down. It was found,
however, that only five persons were
seriously hurt: Herman Lippert, paint
er; Charles Cowles, Mrs. Jackson, Con
rad Steinhilber and William Mannix.
It is thought they will all recover.
i PEYTBALL NOT SUCCESSFUL.
So Faure Has Invited M. Brisson to
Form a Cabinet.
PARIS, June 25.— 1n consequence of M.
Peytrall's friends insisting that a radi
cal Socialist must be given on. nf th
Portfolios, M. Dupuy, :£ iCev^S? a °n d M*
de Lombre have declined to enter such -i
Cabinet, and M. Peytrall. therefore h *
abandoned the task of forming a C a b i-
President Faure has now invited V
Henry Brisson to form a Cabinet M
Brisson has pointed out that the differ
?vSs ii s 8t Beo a ; s <1 M sVe s s t s t " s °"d" da >-
Woodmen Bar Liquor Dealers.
LA CROSSE. Wig.. June 25.-The Su
preme Court has affirmed the decision of
the Circuit Court in the case of Loeffler
vs. the Modern Woodmen of America.
The effect of the decision is to exclude
certain classes, including wholesale liquor
dealers, from becoming members of the
order, and it is of more than local impor
tance. Loeffler joined the Woodmen some
time ago and afterward became connect
ed with a wholesale liquor firm. After
paying assessments for three years h«
wm denied the prfvir^s or tnf orterand
brought suit, with the above result.MORGAN IS
CALLED DOWN
BY WHITE
Role of Dictator Is Not
Popular.
DISHONEST MOTIVES CHARGED
THE ALABAMA SENATOR MAKES
A VERY BAD MISTAKE.
His Accusations Against Statesmen
Who Oppose Hawaiian Annex
ation Arouse the Wrath
of the Californian.
Special Dtcpatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 25.
The Senate proceedings during the
debate on the annexation resolution
■were enlivened to-day by a most
spirited colloquy between Senators
White and Morgan. The California
Senator administered to Morgan a
scathing rebuke for his arrogance in
assuming the role of dictator and im
puting to his colleagues dishonest mo
tives in debating at length the New
lands annexation resolution. White's
excoriation of Morgan greatly pleased
Senators who have hitherto sub
mitted to his a.rr"i, r ant dictation. White
simply flayed him alive. Morgan at
temi |y once ami mad.' a hu
miliating s] of himself by sug
gesting to the California Senator that
persona] differ- jht be mure ap
propriately settled outside the Senate
chamber.
White's scathing rebuke of Morgan
was called forth by the Alabama Sena
tor's insinuation that a filibuster was
being attempt* I and because he at
tributed dishonest motives to other
Senators. White, in replying to Mor
gan's Insinuations, said:
"Mr. President: Senators upon this
floor. I presume, have a ri^ht to their
opinions. They may have regard tor
the opinion of others. When the Sena
tor from Alabama makes any charge
against other Senators Involving the
honesty of their intentions or their pur
- in so far as I am concerned and
those «!ih concur with me it is dis
tinctly repudiated. An accusation that
in debate such as we are conducting
there has been anything but the
highest and best motives is founded
upon a misconception of facts, but that
it may be based "ii other motives is of
but little moment to me.
"The dictator of the Senate, be he old
or young, ought to be odious and he is
not, so far as I have I n able to ob
. very lofty in regard. There are
• trs here who think that this is an
important issue and who have been
debating in good faith. An assertion
that they are debating it otherwise pro
either from corruption or imbe
cility. Vr. President, let us remember
that if at half-past 4 o'clock upon the
'■f Saturday we pee lit to try
to adjourn, we may hp honest in en
deavoring to absent ourselves without
filibustering. I have sat here for hours
when there has been ir>. the Senate but
one-seventh of a quorum and I have
m-ver made the point. Yet the Senator
to charge that we are filibuster
ing when he has absolved himself and
■with that inconsistency which is his
cteristlc and attribute, he throws
upon others th^ burden that should de
pend upon himself."
Morgan — The Senator from California
pppir.i to have a desire to be personal
toward me. T wish to say to the Sen
ator that this- is not the proper place
for personalities. Tf ho thinks he has
pot any quarrel with me there is a bet
ter place tii settle it than this. We can
it outside of this chamber.'
White— Oh, Mr. President, the Sena
tor from Alabama, with his character
istic fairness, seeks to place upon re
cord here charges against men who are
associated with him in the discharge
of public duty, and denies to them the
right to traverse his unfounded sug
gestions. He cannot influence any
thing I say by anything of that sort.
From the initiation of this debate to
this minute we have been ready to
proceed according to order and have so
proceeded. This afternoon, our last
afternoon, when the Senator from
Georgia wished to speak, notice was
given those who control this debate
that he would rather have debate post
poned. We know it has been an op
pressive day: we know we have been
honestly trying to have this matter
pressed forward, and have advanced
only such arguments as appeal to our
consciences and our judgments, and
when we are accused of filibustering I
am justified In saying it is utterly
without foundation that we are pro
crastinating. Here to-night — suppose
for pyrotechnic purpose? — to be contin
uously further advertised, we are in
formed that there is a filibuster in pro
gress. That statement is absolutely
untrue. We insist that at this time on
Snturday evening the Senate ought to
adjourn. We have already agreed to a
resolution to meet at 11 o'clock on
Monday, for which I myself voted; and
nfter having Stood here and discussed
this question, when nearly half a day
has been taken up by the friends of
annexation, it is ■ certainly not
a ground for exhibiting us be
fore the country as filibusters that we
have Flmnly asked for privilege which
ought to have been granted, and which
has been denied to this hour; yet the
Senator from Alabama has sat in this
chamber many a time recently and
heretofore'seeking to advance interests
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
Start the day
right; it is
VCluj l«U I\vv \J
on that way.
Schilling's Best coffee for breakfast • ' ' ■J ' " ca " ■
which he thought were vital to his sec
tion and has filibustered. We may not
know why the Senator from Alabama
or others absented themselves, but,
under the constitution it was their
business to be here if a quorum was
necessary and they have been absent
and we have permitted that absence to
go undisputed. Let none of this hypoc
risy, this advertisement, this pretense,
this falsehood, delude anybody. It does
not delude any one in this chamber,
and it never will. It will never pas 3
untraversed so Ion?: as I stand here,
whether the distinguished Senator from
Alabama, as he stated in an article in
the North American Review, admires
the Malay inhabitants of the Philip
pine Islands, or waxes enthusiastic
over our proposed and intended alliance
with the people of Hawaii. His desire
to associate us with the aborigines of
Borneo, Sumatra or Java will never win
my .support. Let us understand that in
the discussion <>f public questions we
can be heard and we will be heard, and
that no orders will be received from the
Senator from Alabama with reference
to our position.
SESSION OF THE SENATE.
Business Transacted Before Annexa
tion Talk Was Resumed.
WASHINGTON. June 25.— The Senate
met to-day at 1 o'clock, but it was not
until fifteen minutes after that a quorum
was secured and proceedings began. Se
well (R. ) of New Jersey called up and the
Senate passed the bill providing for a
military secretary to the Secretary of
War.
The conference report upon the sundry
civil appropriation bill was ca..ed up by
Allison. The Senate amendment provid
ing for a public building at Butte, Mont.,
to which the House insisted on its dis
agreement, was advocated further by
Mantle of Montana.
Pettigrew of South Dakota, speaking: to
the recession of the Senate conferees
from the Senate amendment suspending
the executive orders of February, 1897,
making forest reservations in certain
Western Stales, criticised the action of
the House for insisting upon striking out
the amendment.
Explaining the contention of thr. House.
Allison said the House eonfereees refused
itely to go into the matter of sus
■ :■: the orders, because the proper
modification of them was in the province
of the executive department.
The for< stry reservation question was
--,] for nearly two hours by W u
son of Washington, Carter of Montana.
Cannon of Utah. Mantle of Montana and
Allison. The first three strenuously in
sisted that the amendment of the Senate
providing for an abrogation of the order
;:ng the reservation shou d be in
sisted upon. "Wilson had assurances from
the Secretary of the Interior that the
whole question would be pron^ny and
fairly dealt with to the satisfaction of all
persons Interested. The report presented
!> Allison was finally agreeed to.
The Hawaiian annexation question was
laid before the Senate at 1:40 p. m.
Pavis. chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, offered a resolution
that hereafter, until further notice, the
Senate convene at 11 a. m. It went over
on an objection.
Pavis then promptly moved that when
the Senate adjourn to-day it be until 11
a. m. Monday, and the motion was agreed
to-42 to 11.
Turley (D.) of Tennessee then resumed
his constitutional argument against the
annexation resolutions. The Bpeech was
interrupted by an extended colloquy be
tween Foraker on one side and Allen
(P.) of Nebraska. Clay (D.) of Georgia
and Caffery (D.) of Louisiana on the
other. Foraker maintained that the an
nexation of Hawaii was not necessarily
an executive function.
At the conclusion of the colloquy Pet
ti grew offered the following amendment
to the resolution:
"That the contract labor laws and laws,
civil and criminal, now In force in s;ov.
islands by which men are held for ser
vice for a definite term, except in punish
ment for crime, whereof the parly has
been duly convicted, are hereby repealed
and all existing contracts are hereby de
clared void."
Turley then resumed his iretimr-nt.
At 4 o'clock Jones of Arkansas suggested
to Pa\ls that it might be desirable to
nave a brief executive session and then
adjourn.
"I would ask the Senator from Arkan
sas." inquired Pavis. "whether or not he
would be willing now to suggest when 8
vote might l>e taken on the pending reso
lution."
"So far as T am concerned." replieri
Jones, "I am willing to agree upon some
day next term for a vote.""
"That is quite illusory and impossible of
entertainment." said Davis. "Can the
Senator not make it Thursday of next
week?"
"That is even more illusory," responded
Jones.
"Then T shall call for the regular or
der, Mr. President." said Davis.
A systematic filibustering was then in
augurated. P-'tus (D.) of Alabama
moved that th- Vnate go into executive
session. The motion was lost— ?,i to 15.
Allen moved to adjourn. This motion
was also lost— :r> to 10.
Allen then moved that the Senate ad
journ until 11 o'clock Monday. Morgan
made a point of order against the motion
and it was sustained.
Then for half an hour Allen, sustained
by the opponents of annexation, con
tinued to suggest the absence of a
quorum or enter motions to adjourn. The
friends of annexation stood fast and re
fased either to adjourn or to go into ex
ecutive session.
Finally the regular order was called foi
and Berry of Arkansas insisted that a
division had been called for on one of
Allen's motions.
Wilson (R.) of Washington, in demand
ing atraln the regular order, intimated
that Berry was engaged in a "game."
This aroused the Arkansas Senator, and
he replied, heatedly: "I desire to say that
I have not been engaged in filibustering
or in any game, and any statement of
that kind by the Senator from Washing
ton is entirely ungrounded and unwar
ranted."
Morgan CD.) of Alabama then took the
floor and denounced as a "miserable poli
tical trick and intrigue," to which he
would never be a party, the proceedings
which had characterized the opponents of
annexation during the previous hour. He
declared that while the army and navy of
the United States were fighting the bat
tl*s of their country Senators were sit
ting in the Capitol filibustering
against a measure that was essential to
a proper conduct of the war against
Spain. It was the evident purpose, be
said, to block the progress of the Ha
waiian resolutions by any possible means.
"It is the duty of the Senate." snld Mor
gan, "to take action upon this great and
solemn question. The American people
are in no mood to be trifled with about it.
We are representing here men who are
shedding their blood for us. and instead of
consulting our convenience and pleasure
wo should be giving them our earnest sup
port. If the members of the Senate bad
to go out. to defend the Capitol to-night
and were obliged to stand guard we would
have more patriotism than some are now
manifesting here. By our delay In taking
action we are placing enormous mrdens
upon the President. Such action is ab
solutely indefensible. By endeavoring to
consummate a political trick unworthy of
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 26, 1898.
DEWEY AN UNDEMONSTRATIVE MAN.
Captain Coffin Tells oi the Interesting Personality ol
the Hero ol Manila.
® One of the arrivals on the Peru, wh ich came into port Friday morninpr, I
® was Captain George W. Coffin, who has seen service in the navy and was
® wounded in an engagement during the Civil War. He has been" traveling
® through Japan with his daughter for several months, and while there met
<•) Admiral Dewey and dined with him at Yokohama several times. The two
(•: have been warm friends for many years, fid Captain Coffin speaks highly
® of Dewey both as a man and a soldier.
® "Admiral Dewey," he said, "is a quiet, undemonstrative man, with very
® little to say for himself or his own actions and a great deal about those of
® others. In fact, I believe had I seen him just after the battle Instead of just
® before it he would have done his best to give me the impression i.iat some
® body else did it all and he was just an onlooker. He could spend an evening
® in telling of the valorous deeds and brilliant strategy of others without once "
® mentioning himself or his brilliant battle which has won him universal rec
® ognition and electrified the world. He says little and does much. When he
® left me just before the battle he gave no" intimation whatever that a fight
® was expected, rather conveying the impression that he and his fleet were
® there more on garrison duty than anything else. His manners would give
"~ the idea that he just intended to lay off and on along the coast, keep a look
® out, and make no move without explicit instructions trom Washington. As .
® a man he is mild mannered, gentlemanly and obliging, with perfect self-con
d) trol and that quiet air of assurance which makes one feeel that what he
® says is so. It is unnecessary to tell that he is a commander— the world
'® knows that. A man who could stand calmly on the deck of his vessel with
® shells bursting around him and the fate of hundreds of lives depending on.
(?) his judgment without betraying the slightest emotion needs no encomiums.
® His acts speak stronger 'than words.
® "The battle at Manila has had the effect of turning whatever public
r=> sentiment was doubtful strongly on the side of the Americans. Everybody
® knew that America was not a fighting nation, and many were Inclined to
® sneer at her fighting abilities. The press dispatches were garbled and read
® like many that have been published in this country emanating from Ma
® drid. The press had very little to say editorially, but what was said was
® rather of a sarcastic nature. One paper, commenting on the situation, de
(?) clared that as Americans had no naval experience it would be advisable for
® the Government to hire a few English gunners, while others opined that if
® the Government knew what it was about it would not trust its vessels to its
® own inexperienced commanders, but borrow a few from some other nation.
® Dewey has changed all this. He proved j that the American commander
® knew his book and knew it well, while any vessel coming within range of an
®\ American gunner was a very poor Insurance risk. The war is creating very
(•) little excitement in the far East, as it is so far from the base of operations
® and news is vague and unreliable. The people generally, however, are »ean
® ing strongly . toward the American side of the question."
® Captain Coffin is of the opinion that the only thing for the Government
® to do with the Philippines, now that it has them, is to keep them, or
® some other nations will be fighting over their possession as soon as the pro
® visional government is withdrawn.
C»)
®®®®®®®®®®@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®i
the Senate wo are failing of patriotic i
duty. When you return to your const! t- '
urius. to the fathers whose sons arc- now ,
in the Philippine Islands, they will know
of this trick, und they will spurn you.
"1 thank God there is an American
spirit, and in that spirit 1 rejoice. It haa
already won for us glory that will last
as long as time— glory that will never be
dimmed. It has shown that the United
States is willing to wage a war for hu
manity, for Christianity, for liberty. Our
soldiers are to-day righting for humanity.
Christianity and liberty, and with ouch
marked skill and intrepidity that their
conduct will ever stand as a monument
to tli. in in the eyes of the world, and al
ways will command for th^-m the ad-«
miration of civilized nations. That we
should, in this august body, be laying
pipes to carry into effect >a political
scheme for the advantage of some party
at the November elections is Inconceiv
able, to use no stronger term."
Then came White's reply and scathing
rebuke.
Teller, in a speech, during which he en
deavored to throw oil on the troubled
waters, maintained that the Senators
■who were opposing the. annexation of ,
Hawaii could not be accused justly of i
impeding the progress of the war, as had
been intimated by Morgan. They had a
perfect right, he thought, to a full and
free expression of their views upon this
as upon any other question before the
Senate. However, he favored early ac
ii..M on the 'resolutions.
Teller expressed the opinion that this
country would soon be face to face with
serious questions of policy, but he
thought the American people could be
trusted t« rightly and righteously settle ;
any questions involving the acquisition ;
of territory. Teller asserted that if
President, he would not tolerate any ad
dress from the concert of powers. He
also paid that he would resent any in
terference by Germany in the settlement
of matters in the Philippines.
..lien replied to the remarks of Mor
gan. He said he cared nothing about be- ■
ing called a filibuster, and that he would
maintain his convictions, regardless of
the dictation of Morg»n. He resented
the expression that he desired to oh- j
struct the progress of the war, and said
this was mere "political rot."
At G p. m. the Senate adjourned.
WORKMEN FALL WITH
A HIGH SCAFFOLDING
Two Men Killed and Four Injured
in an Accident in a Mon
tana City.
BUTTE. Mont., June 25.— 8y the giving
way of the scaffolding on the fourth floor
of the big Hennesay block, now in course
of construction at the corner of Main
and Granite streets, this afternoon, six
iron workers were precipitated to the cel
lar elbow, a distance of seventy-five feet.
Of tho*e who went down the following
are dead: John Cunningham and Frank
Albert. The injured are: W. J. Harri
son, internally injured, will recover; J. B.
Brown, contusions on body and internal
injuries, and may die; John McNutt, frac
tured skull; H. M. Waser, fractured skull,
recovery doimuul.
The scaffolding had been erected for the
use of the bricklayers, and was partly
filled with brick and terra cotta. When
it pave way men and material went down
through the intervening floors, striking
on one of <ho arched fiVor benms on the
way and bending it. They landed in a
heap in the cellar. Albert's neck was
broken. Cunningham's skull was frac
tured and he lived but a few minutes.
Drowned in the Sacramento.
KESWICK. June 25.— Charles Mc-
Carthy, a piano player from Sacramento,
ie believed to have been drowned this
afternoon in the Sacramento River. He
and a dozen others were swimming. Mc-
Carthy swam down the river from his
companions and failed to return A
search down stream failed to reveal any
trace of him. His friends feel certain
he has perished. He was 27 years old
Keswlck had been his home for a month
NOMINATIONS MADE
DURING WARTIME
Among Those Named Are Several
Regular Army Officers for
Promotion. '
WASHINGTON, June 25. — The Presi
dent to-day sent these nominations to the
Senate:
Volunteer Infantry. Second Regiment-Sec
ond Lieutenant Hayden V. Grubbs Eighteenth
Infantry, to be lieutenant colonel- Iluirh M
Swain and Mark M. Boatner of Louisiana, to
be majors; Paul J. Christian of Louisiana to
be first lieutenant. . ■--,.■ ■  
Third Regiment— William H. Cobb of Florida
to be captain; Eddy B. .Stevens of Georgia, to
be second lieutenant.
■-Fourth Regiment— Elbert S. Moloney of the
District of Columbia, to be second lieutenant
m Seventh Regiment— John C. Hall of lowa 'to
be chaplain; Thomas H. Roener, Adolph J. J.
Dobbs and James J. Mayes of Missouri to be
captains.
Eighth Regiment— XV. Purnell of the
District of Columbia and Joseph L Dell of Illi
nois, assistant surgeons with rank of first lieu
tenant.
Ninth Regiment-George N. Nelson and Shel
don L. Johnson of Louisiana and John T Beck
ham, sergeant Company F. Twenty-fourth In
fantry, to be first lieutenants: Henry C. Frank
lin, Edward H. Phllippa and John C. Allen of
Louisiana, to be second lieutenants
Tenth Regiment— William R. Wharton of Vir
ginia, to be captain.
_ Volunteer Engineers. First | Regiment— First
Lieutenant A. R. Livingston, First Volunteer
Engineers, to be captain; Harry de Lane and
Wolcott L. C. Beard of New York, to be second
lieutenants.
Second Regiment— A. Rpringett of
New York, to be captain; Josiah W. Howe and
Reedman V. Beach of Connecticut, to be second
lieutenants.
Volunteer Infantry, Tenth Regiment— J. C
McClure of South Carolina, to be second lieu
tenant. »
Promotions In regular army. Infantry: First
lieutenants, to be captains— Edgar \V Howe
Seventeenth Infantry; William Black, Twenty
fourth Infantry: John Newton, Sixteenth In
fantry; F. P. Av.-ry. Third Infantry; S W
Dunning, Sixteenth Infantry; W. E. $ French
Third Infantry: J. M. T. Partello. Fifth In
fantry; 1,. H. Stn>ther. First Infantry (5 P
Fremont, Third Infantry; C. M. Truett. Twen
ty-first Infantry: G. Bell Jr., Third Infantry;
C. J. T. Clarke, Tenth Infantry; W. H. Cowles
Sixteenth Infantry; J. S. Park Jr.. Twenty
first Infantry. Second lieutenants to be first
lieutenants — J. J. Bradley, Fourteenth Infantry
D. Settle. Fifteenth 'Infantry; J. s. Swltzen.
Fourteenth Infantry: H. O. Williams. Eleventh
Infantry; G. D.Guyer, Sixteenth Infantry; W.
F. Crote, Eighteenth Infantry; XV. H. H. Chap
man. Twentieth Infantry; H. N Boyden
Twenty-third. Infantry, I. C. Jenks, Twenty
fourth Infantry; M. W. Drew, Twelfth Infan
try; H. E. Ely, Twenty-second Infantry: L. S.
Sorley, Sixteenth Infantry; W. M. ■ Morrow,
Twenty-first Infantry: B. F. Hardaway. Seven
teenth Infantry; J. E. Brady Jr., Nineteenth
Infantry- ' • . - ' ? - .
Cavalry, to be captains— First Lieutenant F.
S. Foltz. First Cavalry; to be first lieutenant.
Second Lieutenant Elmer Llndsiey. Fourth Cay-
Second Lieutenant ■M. - Craig transferred
from infantry to cavalry.. .....,-
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON. June 2, r >. — Pensions
have been granted as follows: California:
Original— James M. Hutrhins. San Fran
| rlsco, $8; Richard P. Legrow, Santa Rosa,
' $6: John Kish, Nipomo, $6. Increase—Wil
liam Westonfleld, South Pasadena. JO to
J8: Marcus L. Lowell, San Diego. $fi to $S.
Original widows, etc.— Minor of John Mc-
Donald, Round Mountain, $10. Mexican
war survivor, increase— Leonidas W. Wal-
I ton, Veterans' Home, Napa. $8 to $12.
"Washington: Original— John Bates. Spo
kane. $8; Philip A. Wild. College Place,
$8; Edson Daly. Battle Ground, $6: Wil
liam H. Carpenter, Clallam, $,6. Increase —
George A. Benson, Seattle, $14 to $17.
Original widow, etc.— Marion Duparr,
Clinton, JB.
DERBY TAKEN
BY PINK COAT
Willie Martin Pilots the
Winner.
FIRST BY A SHORT NOSE
SUPERIOR FINISH BY DUNN'S
PREMIER JOCKEY.
Warrenton Gets the Second Place
and Mirthful, the Heavily-
Backed Favorite, Is a
Poor Fourth.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CHICAGO, June 25.— Pink Coat Is a
double Derby winner. This afternoon
at Washington Park the Leonatus colt,
trained by Pat Dunne and ridden by
Willie Martin, flashed under the wire
in the American Derby a winner at
odds of 4 to 1, with Warrenton, W. T.
Oliver's candidate, but a nose behind.
Isabey secured third money, four
lengths behind Warrenton. Mirthful,
the 6 to 5 favorite, finished fourth, with
the rest of the field strung out.
The Derby was run over a slow track
and a heavy wind was blowing up the
stretch. Thirty thousand people wit
nessed the race.
At the start Warrenton showed a
half length in front of Bannockburn,
with Isabey and the others closely
bunched. Eva Rice, with Burns in the
saddle, shot to the front and set the
pace, passing the stand the first time.
Bannockburn and Mirthful were very
close up, while Martin, on Pink Coat,
was last by several lengths.
After six furlongs had been covered
Littlefield let down the favorite's head
and he went to the front, winning eas
ily and opening up a gap of two
lengths. Martin, in the meantime, had
joined issues with the bunch and was
overhauling the leaders one by one.
Caywood was taking matters leisurely
with Oliver's candidate. Warrenton,
while Bannockburn seemed to have
something left.
It was Mirthful all the way to the
nine-furlong pole. Pink Coat,' Warren
ton and Isabey, who had been slow to
get in motion, attending him. Martin
called on his mount three furlongs
from home, and he drew away from
the field, apparenly an easy winner.
Mirthful shut up like a clam when
pinched, but Caywood made one of his
stretch rides and it was nip and tuck
to the last sixteenth, Martin's riding
landing his horse a % winner.
First race, the Renewal, one mile—
Macy won, The Devil second, David
Tenny third. Time, I:44M>.
Second race, six furlongs— Ben Had ad
won, Trn#verser second, Whitcomb third.
Time 1:17%.
Third race, American Dprby, $10,000
added, mile and a half — Pink Coat, 127
(W. Martin). 4 to 1 and 8 to 5, won; War
renton. 122 (Caywood), 10 to 1 and 3 to 1,
second; Isabey, 122 (Knapp). 4 to 1. third.
Time. 2:42%. Mirthful, Bannockburn,
Mldtain and Eva Rice also ran.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth —
Hukli Penny won, Braw Lad second, Al
varado II third. Time 1:60.
Fifth race, four and one-half furlongs-
Jinks won. Queen of Song second, Jos
ephine B third. Time, :57%.
ST. LOUIS WINNERS.
Fausturo Captures the Junior Cham-
pionship Stakes.
ST. LOT'IS. June 2T>. - Track fast,
weather pleasant. Results:
First race, mile, selling— Go to Bed won.
Empress Josephine second. Bill Jackman third.
Time, 1:43%.
Second race, mile and a hah', selling—Lease
man won, Mamie G second, Kodak third.
Time. 2:88%.
Third race, six furlongs — Gibraltar won. Miss
Verne second. Tragedy third. Time, 1:15.
Fourth race. Junior championship stakes,
value. $2000. for two-year-olds, five and a half
furlongs— Fausturo won. Sir Gatian second,
Ben Bramble third. Time, 1:09%.
Fifth rare, mile and seventy yards, handicap
— Parole dOr won. Ed Farrell second. Lady
Britannic third. Time. 1:46%.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, selling —
Sir Rolla won, Madeline second, Brldgeton
third. Time. I:.." 1 ,.
Seventh race mile, selling— Montedonoco won,
Domsie second, Termarks third. Time, l:43Vfe.
SARDONIC CAPTURES
THE LATONIA OAKS
Field of High-Class Three-Year-Old
Fillies Beaten by the Corri
gan Entry. ■
CINCINNATI, June 25.— Sardonic, from
the Corrigan stable, won the Latonia
Oaks to-day over a fine field of three
year-old fillies. The stake was worth
$4900 to the winner. A heavy rain left the
track In poor shape and the time made
was not very fast. Results:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Mrs. Brad
shaw won, Americus second, Bill Powell third.
Time. 1:18%.
Second race, five furlongs— Terrene won. Sis
Vie j second, ' Louisville Belle third. Time,
1 MM. " -
Third race, mile and an eighth, selling— Great
Bend won, Remp second, Eddie Burke third.
Time, 1:57^4.
Fourth race, the Latonia Oaks, value $4900,
mile and a quarter— Sardonic, 109 (Clayton), 3
to 1 won; Her Favor, 105 (Dupee), 10 to 1 and
3 to 1, second; Martha 11, 112 (C. Sloan). 11 to
6, third. Time, 2:14 V«. Azucina, Lillian Bell,
Alleviate and Eight Bells also ran.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, handicap — Hamp
den ■won. John .Bright second. - Skate third.
Time,' 1:80%.
Sixth race, six furlongs. selling— Panchita II
won Turtle Dove second, - Derby Maid third.
Time, 1:16%. ' ' ' -'
LEADING TEAMS EACH
MOVE UP A POINT
Cincinnati, Boston, Cleveland and
Baltimore Win From Their
Adversaries.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
I Cincinnati ..37 20 .643 New Y0rk... 28 2S .500
! Boston 36 21 .632 Philadelphia 25 28 .472
I Cleveland ...34 22 .607 Brooklyn ....23 31 .426
Baltimore ...32 22 .5931 Washington 21 36 .368
I Chicago 32 26 .KJjSt. Louis 20 37 .3il
Pittsburg ...31 26 .544 Louisville ...19 41 .317
CINCINNATI, June 25.— Donovan did
well with the exception of the third in
; niner, when the Reds hit him for five sin
i gles, which together with two prrors. a
hit batsman and a base on balls netted
seven runs. Hill was hit .in the head by
a pitched ball in this inning and was
forced to retire. Attendance 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 8 10 0
I Washington 5 6 1
Batteries— Bill, Dwyer and Peitz; Donovan
I and Farrell. Umpires — Swartwood and Wood.
CHICAGO, June 25.— The visitors played
well both in the neld and with the stick
and won a close but lifeless game from
the patched-up team of Manager Burns.
Attendance 6300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
! Chicagp , 3 7 3
i Brooklyn 4 14 1
Batteries — Thornton and Donohue: Yeager
and Ryan. Umpires — Emslie and Curry.
ST. LOUIS. June 25.— The Orioles found
no trouble in connecting with Sudhoffs
delivery to-day. McJames was an enigma
to the locals and they secured but five
scattering hJrs off him. Attendance 4000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 5 5
Baltimore 9 16 3
Batteries— Sudhoft and Clements; McJames
and Robinson. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
CLEVELAND, jane 25.— Meekin's wild
ApVEETISEMENTS. < .
At i Less ThanJJsual Prices
Printed Twilled Silk Foullards. Kid Gloves.
Suitable for WAISTS and SKIRTS, 21 inches Another shipment of those excellent two-clasp
wide, neat patterns on. black, navy, red, KID GLOVES, direct from the factory,
green, brown and new blue grounds, usual same make as those we sold in April,
60c grade. ■ . .■-.,.,.-.:. ■ -. ,.,.-.: .. •  which were so satisfactory; colors are
' ■: tan, rede, black and brown; all sizes now
Sale Price in stock.
35c per Yard. Special at
Both Stores. 65 Cents.
Both Stores.
Ribbons.
' FANCY-STRIPED ALL-SILK RIBBONS..
choice , colorings, 3% Inches wide, ' worth >» " • « _ 1 *
25 °- ..«';" _ . " Special Sale of
■ ■ Sale! Prico r
is cents. ! Black Goods Remnants.
- "Both Stores. 150 remnants of ENGLISH STORM SERGES.
' ■• . - - a good raven black. 42 inches wide; sold
regular at 40c per. yard; lengths from 2 to
rI3gS • Special Remnant Prico
UNITED STATES SEWED BUNTING Yard.
FLAGS, fast colors, 34x65 Inches, top
bound with canvas and fitted with brass Market-street Stars Only
grommets ready for pole. '"" •>»'«* wrm \sntr.
Special at
$2.50. m remnMt| BLACK FIGURED ALPACAS^
Roth Stores ' large and small designs, a good black,
" . ' lengths from lft to 8 yards, worth 40c;
42 Inches wide.
HANDSOME LARGE UNITED STATES Soeciiil Remnant Prico
FLAG, sewed bunting, top canvas bound, . special KCmnant friCO
fitted with brass grommets, size 6x9 feet. 20c Yard.
Special at Market-street Store Only.
$4.50.
? 'Both Stores. - ■ -
100 remnants of FANCY FIGURED BLACK
t* « c-r. ™> T^^^r^r-^ ™'.V ; . GOODS, sold usually at 50c, 43 inches
FAST-COLOR PRINTED FLAG, on heavy i de , new designs and bayadere effects,
cloth, size 32x46 Inches, mounted on stick
with gilt spear head; length of stick 6 Special Remnant Price
Special at 23c Yard.
50 Cents. As these prices are for remnants only we
. a  c cannot fill any orders for samples of these
tSottl Mores. goods. .• •.'-■ i ,
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET and 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
ness and the errors of the Giants entitled
them to a shut out, but that was saved
by Davis' two-bagger in the ninth. At
tendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 9 9 0
New York 17 4
Batteries— Powell and O'Connor: Meekin and
Grady. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
PITTSBURG, June 25.— A base on balls
and a wild throw by Padden gave Boston
i a run in the eighth and their second run
1 was batted in. Attendance 3000. Score:
I Clubs— R. H. E.
I Pittsburg 0 6 3
Boston 2 8 2
Batteries — Rhines and Schriver; Nichols and
j Yeager. Umpire* — Cushman and Heydler.
LOUISVILLE. June 25. — The Phillies
won to-day's game in the first three inn
ings, knocking Cunningham out of the
box. Ehret was struck on the arm by a
pitched ball and retired in favor of Ma
gee. Attendance 900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 7 15 4
Louisville 3 12 3
Batteries — Donahue and McFarland; Cun
ningham, Ehret, McOee and Kittredge. Um
pires—Snyder and Connolly.
SPOKANE, June 25.— Score:
Clubs— R. 11. E.
Spokane 3 5 5
Seattle 13 16 2
TACOMA, June 25.— Score:
dubs— R. H. E.
Tacoma 12 20 4
I Portland 9 15 5
GREAT TRIAL STAKES
WON BY JEAN BEREAUD
NEW YORK, June 25.— One of the
largest crowds of the season visited
Sheepshead Bay to-day. The chief event
on the card was the $20,000 Great Trial
stakes, in which the crack two-year-old,
Jean Bereaud, was to carry 12!) pounds.
He was the favorite at odds of 2 to 5,
while Glenheim was well backed at 9 to
2. and the other horses were nibbled at
by the half-holiday crowd. :
•At the sixteenth , post Jean Bereaud
shot out of the bunch, and in an instant
he had opened a gap of three lengths
and it was all over as far as the others
were concerned, for they could never get
anywhere near him. He won very easily,
beating Kingdon four lengths. Mr.
Phinlzy got third place.
Then came the Sheepshead Bay handi
cap, in which Ornament declined to
carry the proper weight and was
scratched. The start was made in a ter
rific rain and dust storm. The horses
ran into it as they came into the
stretch. Taral. on Semper Ego, kept his
head, stole in the rail and in an instant
had come from the far rear and was
leading the way home, eventually win
ning what looked like a hopeless race
by three lengths. Results:
First race, five furlongs, — High Lee
won, The Gardener second, Ben Jxxli third.
Time, I:O4Vi.
Second race, • six furlongs George Boyd won,
Tremargo second. Blue Devil third. Time, 1:15.
Third race, mile and ■ a sixteenth, selling-
Mr. Tenny won. Sun Up second, Julius Caesar
third. Time, 1:47.
Fourth race. Great Trial. Futurity course —
Jean Bereaud. 129 (Sloan). 2 to 5 and out. won;
Kindlon. 129 (R. Williams). 12 to 1 and 8 to 5,
second; Mr. Phlnizy, 122 (Hamilton), 20 to 1
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A DEAD
THE FACT THAT A MAN MAY CREEP SLUGGISHLY THROUGH
life does not- mean that he is alive in all that the word implies. He
may breathe and eat somewhat after the manner of his fellow-men, but
there the resemblance ends. He does not walk, look, act nor feel like
the ideal specimen of a robust male American. Too many men have very
little life in them. Metaphorically speaking, they are dead to themselves
and to all the world. They are despondent, discouraged and unsuccess- '"':.
ful; they have lost hope and ambition. . . ,- \
To such men Dr. Meyers & Co., of 731 Market street, extend a friend-
ly hand and offer new life, with all its attendant pleasures. These suc-
cessful .specialists have- made a vast multitude of . men strong, . robust
and able. They restore partial or complete loss of vital force quickly
and . permanently and rob nervous debility of its awful terrors.
Dr. Meyers & Co. treat all diseases and weakness of men, and noth-
ing else. For more than seventeen years they have met with the most •
phenomenal success. They do not ask for money until the patient Is per-
manently cured and make no charge for consultation and advice. '-
Contagious Blood Poison and All Other Contracted : Ailments Cured.
-IV ; Iff ■■'■■■■ OH Specialists for Men of- the Eng-
1 it* W|AVAI*C A* " I A llsh r and German Expert
1/1 • IUCjCIO :^:->WUt« ; Specialists,
731 MARKET STREET. \ V
! and 4to 1, third. Time. 1:13. Miller and Glen
| heim also ran.
Fifth race, Sheepshead Hay Handicap, ona
mile— Semper Ego, 116 (Taral), 4 to 1 and 7 to 8,
won; Domit<»r, 100 (O'Connor), 13 to 1 and 4 to
j 1, second: Tragedian, 107 (Sims), 6 to 1 and 2
i to 1, third. Time. 1:41. George Keene, Isidore,
: Daela and Maceo also ran. '
Sixth rare, handicap steeplechase, full Bteeple
chase course— Rnyal Scarlet won, Trillion sec
! ond. Baby Hill third. Time, 5:31. Decapod ran
second, but was disqualified for fouling.
FASTEST MILE PACED
IN AMERICA THIS YEAR
Chehalis Clips Four Seconds From
8' the Denver Track Record,
Going in 2:05 1-4.
DENVER, June 25.— Chehalis lowered
the track record at Overland Park by four
seconds this afternoon and reeled off the
: fastest mile paced in America this year,
getting- a mark of 2:05*4 in the first heat
: of the free for all pace. This was the last
; day of the meeting. Results:
i First race, pacing— Chehalis won first, third
i and fourth heats and race. Time,'2:os%, 2:OS>4,
2:<>6 l - < . Anaconda took the second i.eat. .. Time.
2:07. Carbonate, Kate Medium and Ophelia also
started.
, Second race, trotting — Queerest won the sec
ond, third and fourth heats and race. Time,
2:1-',. 2:15%. 2:15%. G. W. McKinney took the
first heat. Time, 2:18»-i. Baby Wilkes, Francis
C and Teller also started.
Third race, five furlongs— Dorah Wood won,
, Hill Howard second, March third. Time, 1:01.
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Pat Morrissey
won, Pleasanton second, Sallie Lumar third.
Time, 1:30. : <.--':
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Swlfty
won. Watch the Scales second. Artless third.
Time, 1:10.
Sixth race, hurdle handicap, one and an
eighth miles— Riviola won, McPryor .second.
Silverado third. Time, 2:09. V. ;>">-a
. .. — — _
EODIES OF MARINES
WERE NOT MUTILATED
So Admiral Sampson Withdraws the
Charge Against the
Spaniards.
WASHINGTON, June 2. r ».— In response
to a telegram from the Navy Depart
ment requesting definite information
concerning the alleged mutilation of the
bodies of four marines killed in the out
post of Guantanamo, Admiral Sampson
has wired Secretary Long as follows:
"PL.AYA DEL ESTE, June 24.—Re
plying to your dispatch I have to re
port that a careful investigation has
been made, and it is reported to me
that the apparent mutilation was prob
ably due to the effect of small-caliber
I bullets, fired at short range, and I Wlth-
I draw the charge of mutilation.
' SAMPSON."
Sonoma Democratic Primaries.
SANTA ROSA, June 2f>.— Democratic
primaries were held in this county to-day
■ for the election of delegates to name rep
| resentatives in the next State Democratic
i Convention. It is understood almost a
i solid delegation is slated for Seawell of
: T'kiah for Governor.
56
SUNDAY JUNE 26, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sti.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is ]
served by carriers In th)ls city and surrounding towns ;
for 15 cents a week. By mall $6 per year; per month ;
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buiidinfc
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rigfts House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until I
9:30 ochooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larßln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market :
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- Nw - corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock^ i
AMUSEMENTS, .
Columbia— Aristocracy."
Ba?4wln— •* The Passion Play'-*
Alcazar— Celebrated Case. ' ,
Morosoo's— "After Dark--
•nvoli— "All Baba."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Meohanles' Pavilion— Cross Benefit, Tuesday evening
June IS.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville' and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Olvmpla— Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, dancing-, boatlnr. fishing, every Sunday.
Kecreatlon Park— Baseball this afternoon. . .
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
Coursing— lngleslde Coursing Park.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By Geo. F. Unison — Monday, June 37, Immense Library, at
corner Market and Seventh streets, at 2 and T:BU P. m.
0 BRITISH VIEW OF BRYONISM.
AS the organ of the bimetallists of Great Britain
the London National Review has looked with
favor upon the free silver party in this country
and cherished the hope that Bryan would yet be Presi
dent and silver receive a boom. That hope has now
faded. Maurice Low, who acts as correspondent at
Washington for the Review, has no longer any faith
in the immediate future of either the silver party or
its champion. In his contribution to the June num
ber he virtually gives up the fight and predicts not
only a Republican victory this fall, but the retirement
of Bryan from the position of a Presidential candi
date.
The argument of Mr. Low is simple but effective.
"Times in the United States," he says, "are improv
ing; no one can question that assertion. Business
shows marked vigor. War, instead of causing stag
nation, is stimulating many lines of trade, and the ex
penditures of the Government are putting millions
of pounds into circulation." He then draws the con
clusion: "All these things militate against Mr.
Bryan's hopes of again receiving the nomination. Be
lieving, as I do, that the silver agitation of two years
ago was more social than economic and was the ex
pression of discontent due to depressed industrial
conditions, it follows that with these conditions re
versed the silver movement loses much of its force."
Summing up the situation the reviewer says: "Mr.
Bryan is too closely identified with silver to make it
possible for him to take up any other Issue or to sub
ordinate silver to any other cause. Provided condi
tions remain as they are, that trade continues to im
prove and America finds a ready market for her sur
plus wheat, the Democratic party two years hence
must make its campaign on something else than sil
ver, and some one else than William J. Bryan must
be its standard-bearer."
These can hardly be called the views of an impar
tial student of our politics, for the National Review
has been as partial to Mr. Bryan as could be expected
of a foreign publication having no affiliation with
American parties. They are to be considered the
opinions of a critic accepted from a study of the situa
tion, who would have preferred the situation to be
different. They show that the belief in the decline of
*Bryan and Bryanism in this country is not confined to
Republicans and gold Democrats. It is shared by
all intelligent observers of the politics of to-day and
is amply confirmed by the result of the election in
Oregon and the extreme uneasiness In the Demo
cratic ranks since that result was made known.
At present all shades of Democrats are hunting for
a new platform, or perhaps since the Congressional
elections are approaching and the party is all at sea
they are hunting for any sort of planks that are not
too waterlogged to make a raft. In their eagerness
to get hold of something to keep them from drowning
in the coming tidal wave they are reaching for every
6traw in sight. There will probably be a different
Democratic declaration of principles in every State in
the Union. In the language of Alex Stephens, every
candidate will "tote his own skillet." As for Mr.
Bryan, he will make a campaign outside the country
and "tote" nothing but a red sash and a sense of dis
appointment.
For an assurance so nearly flawless as to excite the
admiration of the observer a certain Santiago paper
certainly excels the best heretofore record3d. In a
recent issue it failed to so much as hint at war, while
by land and sea were approaching forces destined to
cause its fall. On the contrary, the merry editor
wrote of the plan for placing electric lights in the
plaza, discussed the current church fair and devoted
his space to personal gossip. He may not be a great
journalist, but he has the finest nerve in Cuba.
While the dedication of a church was in progress
in North Dakota lightning struck the building,
knocked an end out of it and killed two people. The
item was so briefly mentioned in the telegraph that
it may have been overlooked by some one who would
be glad to draw a moral from it.
Since the Standard Oil people are trying to get a
monopoly of the copper product there may be danger
that the metal in a cent will become more valuable
than the metal in a dollar, a circumstance certain to
demoralize the financial system.
Only the other day reports came that Kansas farm
ers could not find men to harvest the crops. Now
comes a report that the State is overrun with unem
ployed. There is always something to be said about
Kansas.
In only one instance has any affront been offered
the soldiers from Tennessee, and it is cheering to be
able to record that the aggreisors on this occasion
not 6oundly thumped.
MAGUIRE AS A DODGER.
WE have referred to Maguire's lightning changes
and his ability as a protean politician. In 1887
he played his farewell engagement as a Dem
ocrat because the party was not in favor of putting
all taxes on land. Early in 1888 he was roasting the
{ Pope in a book published from the office of his weekly
organ, the Star. Later in 1888 he vaulted back into
the Democratic party, though it had not changed its
attitude upon the issue on which he left it, and now
he is advertised to lecture to various church so
1 cieties of tha.t communion whose head is the Pope,
whom he called "the serpent of the Vatican."
When he concluded to want to be Governor his
single tax views appeared as an impediment. Farmers
.and land-owners felt that they were paying about as
much tax now as they can stand. They felt that to
leave all personal property, money, pictures, statuary,
jewelry, manufacturing plants, steam and street rail
roads, stock of goods and every conceivable form of
property except land free of tax and put all the bur
den on land would destroy them. Aware of this, Judge
Maguire proceeded to abjure his single tax views.
Through his daily organ, the Examiner, he announced
■ that the single tax is a theory that is not yet within
' the domain of practical politics.
Yet in a recent letter, written and signed by him
and printed in the Seattle Times, he says:
The effect of so simple a change In our fiscal sys
tem as the adoption of the single tax would thus pro
duce a marvelous revolution in social and industrial
conditions, and present to mankind such an example
of universal and uninterrupted prosperity and hap
piness as would make all the nations of the world
pure democracies within a decade. •• • •
I trust that the State of Washington may lead
the vanguard of civilization in this great advance. I
can imagine no place in the history of civilization or
of the world that would crown a State with more
imperishable glory.
Now here we have the protean artist. A fiscal policy
that is going to find everybody fat and turn all
America, Europe, Asia and Africa into pure dem
ocracies within ten years is so much within the do
main of practical politics in the State of Washington
that Judge Maguire urges that State to "lead the van
guard" in that reform. But in California he declares
that the same reform is not within the domain of
practical politics at all. In the State of Washington
he is a single taxer. In California he is, as usual, a
candidate for an office. He is in the habit of diverting
public attention from these shifts and contortions by
yelling "railroad" at every critic of his demagogy.
A recent issue of his weekly organ, the Star, does
this for him with great noise. He and the Star pur
sue the same policy. It called the Pennsylvania
militia "rattlesnakes" and said it was no crime to kill
them in any way, by poison or burning their quar
ters while they slept, or derailing trains on which
they traveled. But when the same regiment which
the Judge's organ wanted murdered came to San
Francisco it dared not repeat in their presence what
it said when they were 3000 miles away. The editor
of the Judge's weekly organ does his mouth valiant
business to perfection, but drops the heroic to s^ave his
skin, just as the Judge drops his principles to get an
office. This editor, Barry,announced not long ago that
a certain person in this city had no rights under the
law and ought to be shot and should be shot by any
one who chose to use ammunition in that way. The
next day the man so denounced met Barry on Mont
gomery street and spat in his face three times and
then blew his nose in his face, and Judge Maguire's
editor stood and took it without resistance, and in the
next issue oi the Judge's organ praised his own "pres
ence of mind" for not resisting, because if he had he
might have been more seriously injured than merely
serving as a sort of combination spittoon and pocket
handkerchief.
The Judge and his editor are truly well paired. One
could respect them even in their errors if, having
written and printed that the Pope is "the serpent of
the Vatican" and Cardinal McCabe "a red-capped
hound," they would stand by it and take the conse
quences. Men respect those who show the courage
of their convictions, though the convictions may be
erroneous. When Maguire said that taking Spanish
prizes was piracy and his organ said the Pennsylvania
militia were rattlesnakes, if they had stood by it their
courage would have been creditable. But they don't
stand by anything. If Judge Maguire were a leader
of men instead of a demagogue he would announce
himself a single tax candidate for Governor and show
the strength of that party in this State. But the de
sire for office exceeds any devotion of principle, and
will send the single tax to the rear with the Pope as
a "serpent," the militia as "rattlesnakes" and his
editor's "outlaw" who could be shot on sight, to re
main while he gets in the middle of the street with a
brass band, so that an office that may be out seeking
the mnn will be sure and see him.
THE FORTUNES OF WOR.
WHILE the war is but two months old, it has al
ready done a good deal of that shuffling of
men for which all wars have been noted.
Citizens of all classes have been taken out of the
order they held in peace and arranged in new grada
tions. Some have risen and some have fallen, accord
ing as the chances of the new shuffle have brought it
about.
An obscure seaman, a man of few friends and no
prestige, plays the part of a stowaway on the Merri
mac and shares in the glory of Hobson and his com
rades, winning reputation, promotion and an in
crease of pay. The son of one of the oldest and
wealthiest families in New York, bearing a name il
lustrious in our history as well as foremost in social
circles, enlists as a sergeant in the Rough Riders, gets
killed in his first skirmish and receives hardly so much
as mention from the crowds that shout applause of
the stowaway.
From Cleveland comes the story that a private in an
Ohio regiment is now serving under a captain who
before the war broke out served him in the capacity
of coachman. The private was a man of wealth and
of patriotism. He enlisted among the first to fight
for the flag, but he was not fitted for command, so
he went to the ranks. The coachman was poor, but
he had not only patriotism but a military aptitude
which he had developed in the National Guard, and
he received the shoulder straps and the sword.
On May 10 in the city of St. Louis there was a
young man serving as a cigar counter salesman in a
hotel who felt and responded to the impulse of war.
On May n he was a soldier in the ranks. Two days
later he was made corporal, and five days later he re
ceived his commission as a lieutenant in the Missouri
volunteers. Within two weeks he had shown such a
capacity for military affairs that he was made bat
talion adjutant and in that position is winning praise
on all sides.
About the time the cigar counter man was arrang
ing to enlist in the ranks the son of ex-President Har
rison, the son of Vice-President Hobart and the
grandson of President Grant were exerting their in
fluence at Washington to obtain assignments to
showy positions on the staff of General Lee. They
were successful. The cigar man has been promoted
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
and intrusted with important dutres, while Major
Russell Harrison, Major Hobart and Lieutenant Al
gernon Sartoris at last reports were detailed by Gen
eral Lee to inspect potatoes at Tampa.
This rough shuffling of personal fortunes by the
rude hand of war has just begun. It will go on from
month to month. The cards will fall as time and
chance determine and will be dealt out in new com
binations. At present Dewey is the national hero
and three young Southerners, Bagley, Hobson and
Blue, have won the hearts of the people by their
courage and made their names familiar in men's
mouths as household words. In the course of the
conflict new heroes will come forth, and when the war
is over many an old star will have faded out of the
horizon and a new galaxy will be in the ascendant.
ODMIROL DEWEY'S STATUE.
IF the Supervisors shall finally decide to remove
the Cogswell fountain at the junction of Pine and
Market streets it is to be hoped they will not en
courage anybody to erect a statue of Admiral Dewey
in its place. To locate in such a spot the figure of the
hero of Manila would be in the nature of municipal
blasphemy. If we are to honor the old sea dog —
which seems to be highly appropriate, since he saved
us from being blown up by Spanish warships — let us
erect a monument in Golden Gate Park, where, sur
rounded by fragrant flowers, green lawns and whisr
pering trees, it may present some of the attributes of
a work of art.
Undoubtedly the time has arrived when it is proper
to dismantle the Cogswell fountain at the junction
of Market and Pine streets. That affair has long
since ceased to be even an artistic nightmare. Be
sides, in its treatment of Dr. Cogswell's donations
the municipality has disgraced itself, and it is emi
nently proper that the evidences of its ingratitude
should be obliterated as soon as possible. The Super
visors have allowed the Cogswell fountains stored at
the City Hall to fall into decay and have permitted the
one now proposed to be removed to be knocked
into pieces by small boys. If Dr. Cogswell had had
the sense to get himself elected Mayor before present
ing these fountains to the city his donations might
have fared better. Yet there is no telling what will
happen to Mayor Phelan's fountain at the junction
of Turk and Market streets when his official term ex
pires.
But to return to the assault which is about to be
made upon art. No statue of Admiral Dewey should
ever be erected in this city upon a business street. If
his admirers hereabouts desire to honor him prior to
his death they should shrink from the enterprise now
proposed as from a pestilence. At the junction of
Market and Pine streets, sunounded by drays and
boxes in transit, and subjected to the vulgar hum of
streetcar cables and jolting cobbles, the hero of Man
ila in bronze would present a sight calculated to
shock the artistic sense of a Zulu chief. No such dese
cration should be considered for a moment. If Ad
miral Dewey were ever to visit San Francisco — which
he will in the near future — the .ight of himself in such
a spot might prove more disastrous than a Spanish
shell.
We are heartily in favor of honoring the na^al won
der of the century, but let us by all means place him
in Golden Gate Park along with Garfield, Halleck,
Key, Douglas Tilden's ball-player and the others.
In that beautiful place the trees, the flowers, the
grasses, the sunshine and the birds will inspire those
who contemplate him with something of the poetic
grandeur that ought to surround the figure of so
great an American.
It givffs one a chill to think of Admiral Dewey's
statue at the intersection of Pine and Market streets,
amid the drays, the cobbles and the boxes in transit.
Dr. Cogswell's fountain ought to be removed, but for
Heaven's sake do not let us put Dewey's in his place.
Future generations will mob some of our artistic
creations anyhow, and we should aim to give posterity
as little offense as possible.
DISTRIBUTING THE BURDENS.
AT a recent banquet of brewers in Philadelphia,
where it seems the convivial company dis
cussed business as well as other things, one of
the speakers declared the best way to meet the 'war
tax on beer is for the dealers to be less prodigal in
selling by measure. He is quoted by the Philadel
phia Record as saying that a too large measure
tempted the people to indulge to excess, and that the
desirable thing,,in the interest of sobriety, was not
that people should drink more beer, but that more
people should be converted to beer drinking.
There is no froth in that argument. It is as full of
meat as a fresh egg from a Petaluma hen. It pro
poses a saving for the brewers, temperance for the
people, an extension of trade and a revenue for the
nation. There is economy, morality, prosperity and
patriotism in one sentence. He that puts too much
beer in keg or stein or glass corrupts the nation, but
he that pours out the beer in moderation is a public
benefactor.
The argument advanced at this banquet under the
inspiration of Gambrinus is of advantage to more peo
ple than brewers. There is instruction in it for
all classes of producers whose stock in trade is sub
ject to the war tax. The maker of mixed flour will
find in it an argument for putting more of the mixture
in the flour. By so doing he will give the people a
greater variety of ingredients in their food and will
encourage abstemiousness in the use of starchy ar
ticles, thus preventing many forms of disease and
promoting public health.
Tobacco men will readily see how they can check
the tendency to an excessive use of tobacco among
the people by putting more cabbage leaves in their
stock. Tea men kno,w that over indulgence in tea is
injurious to ladies, and will readily act as temperance
agents on this subject by putting more dust in their
cheap teas and more willow leaves in the better
grades. Bankers will perceive tha* high rates of inter
est paid depositors or low rates allowed to borrowers
tend to cause extravagance in the American house
hold. Being friends of morality they will gladly act
together to check that tendency by taking part of the
war tax on the banking business out of the depositors
and part of it out of the borrowers.
In short, we are about to become a nation of people
devoted to the welfare of our neighbors. The tem
perate phrase, "Not that people should drink more
beer, but that more people should drink beer," will
serve as a motto for all lines of war-taxed industry.
Morality is going to be practiced and the burden of
taxation is going to be distributed, in the names of
economy, temperance and patriotism.
One class of tax-burdened people alone cannot
share in this movement. The man who has an in
heritance tax to pay will find it hard to devise a
means for getting rid of the tax and at the same time
improvinghis neighbor's morals. To inherit a million is
going to be a purely selfish business. The best thing
expectant heirs can do is to coax their rich relatives
not to die until the war is over and the inheritance
war tax repealed.
It is time to revive a once popular statement to
the effect that the colored troops fought nobly.
82 83 88 82 82 S3 82 8* 82 83 82 82 83 83 83 82 83 82 8583 828 2 82 82 83 82 83 83 82 82 82 82 83 83 83 82 83:
■ : WITH : ENTIRE '•' FRANKNESS, ?*l. *
Information clearly designed to
harass and subdue reaches me that I
have been roasted for having made ob
jection to the custom of killing tame
pigeons loosed from a box, or even
breaking their -wings and legs, and
terming the unrefined cruelty "sport."
The news is cheering. Sometimes hu
man endeavor meets with scant reward.
If I have succeeded in incurring the
disregard of anybody who joys in the
maiming and slaughter of harmless
birds I hope a feeling of elation is ex
cusable.
♦ * •
Perhaps the commander of the Astor
Battery is the celebrated Forward
March, who has done excellent service
in campaigns without number.
* * *
It seems that some readers failed to
identify the poetry published last week,
and desire to know the language in
which it was so beautifully expressed.
What are our public schools for, any
how? The language was Basque. I
may add that Basque is a province
somewhere or other.
• * *
About the process of being jilted
there seems to be something which
arouses all the heroism latent in a
man. No sooner does a soldier by sea
or land attain to fame than uprises
the plenteous sweetheart averrin^ that
under such and such circumstances in
the dear dead past she gave him the
mitten. Already we are made glad by
an array of women who had a chance
to be Dewey. There is a Merritt set of
these, too, of whom a roster is being
prepared, while the Hobson list is re
ceiving daily additions and ; .retching
to an imposing magnitude. It would
appear that the chief occupation of a
military or naval man when not on the
warpath is to go about by night and
by day casting his heart and fortune
at the feet of beauty. It is a circum
stance worth considering that revela
tions concerning these sentimental af
fairs come from the ladies themselves.
The heroes are apt to be busy men.
Possibly they forget about them.
There comes to me a letter from Mrs.
Mary Smith of 2029 Virginia street,
Berkeley, which I read with attention
and respect, congratulating the lady
upon having an opinion to express, as
well as the ability to express it. That
her view seems to me to be narrow and
her conclusions all wrong is a circum
stance of trifling importance. The
writing of the letter was incited by a
recent editorial in this paper tinder the
caption, "The Essence of Treason." I
remember the editorial well and agree
with it fully. It was a rebuke to Presi
dent Eliot and others who denounce the
present war as unpatriotic and un
necessary. Mrs. Smith upholds Eliot
and believes that millions of others do.
Possibly she is correct. If there are
such millions they fail grievously in
their duty, as citizens, rare little for
national honor, and see in the flag
nothing but a show of cheap bunting.
They are governed by a rule of selfish
ness, and while they descant upon the
horrors of war have not the perspicu
ity to look beyond the smoke and flame
of battle to grander achievements of
peace, impossible save when the armed
strength of civilization rises to beat
back oppression and ignorance. Mrs.
Smith draws a picture of war, a famil
iar picture, a terrible picture. Then
she peremptorily reaches the verdict
that war ought not to be — a kindly
verdict, but one sweeping justice aside
and leaving the downtrodden calling
vainly for help, placing a smirch upon
our name, and the brand of cowardice
over us all. Mrs. Smith had not
thought of these things, and I ask her
to consider them. She utterly Ignores
all the beneficent effect of war. She
says nothing of great wrongs to be
righted, of integrity to be upheld, of
assassination to be rebuked and check
ed. She seems to regard war, declared
after mature deliberation, after our
dignity as a people had been assailed,
our men murdered, as occupying the
moral plane of a fight between ruffians
In a ring. She takes no note of the
hundreds of thousands slain by Span
ish cruelty, the millions held in practi
cal serfdom. Had this nation declined
to take up the gauntlet thrown down
by Spain it would have been despised,
and the stain washed out only in a tor
rent of blood far more appalling '-in
can possibly mark the present struggle.
The war has awakened Europe to the
fact that we are here, and to be con
sidered In the affairs of the world. The
spirit of aggression ha*d been gaining
force. Had we not shown our strength
now, sooner or later it would have had
to be displayed against a mightier
power, and many nations in all likeli
hood been involved. So the present war
makes for ultimate peace. I do not be
lieve in turning the other cheek, and a
people should be as manly collectively
as individually. If Mrs. Smith's coun
sel were to prevail, a few generations
and the United States would be elim
inated from the map. the nation re
membered as one that died because not
fit to live. Such are my views as op
posed to those of Mrs. Smith. I ex
press them with the utmost venera
tion for her sex and her years. She is
a woman of three score, the mother of
half a dozen men. My hat is off to her,
and I think she Is mistaken.
On the stage Richard Mansfield is one
of the most finished of actors. Off the
stage he is an insufferable, snarling,
overbearing, ridiculous snob. One ad
mires him in the play and wants to
kick him when the curtain rings down.
Therefore the report that Mansfield is
to leave the United States causes mixed
emotions. We will try to get along.
There are other actors who are fairly
competent and yet who in private life
are not ashamed to be civil.
As a rule Magee's Circular portraying
the latest features of realty does not
contain matter of general interest, but
the current number has an article
which strikes my fancy as affording
opportunity for debate. The Circular
laments that so many large and ex
pensive houses have been built In this
city, and declares that every one cost-
Ing more than $50,000 is a mistake. It
bewails the outlay essential to the
maintaining of such establishments,
and as to the money put into mansions
now standing empty It fairly moans.
"Think," it says, "of that sum forever
lost." All of which, with the wisdom
of the mansionless, I regard as non
sense. "When a man employs money in
the construction of a palace, the money
la not lost. It passes from the pocket
of the builder, but the community
grains. The Circular seems to look upon
this money as though instead of going
By HENRY JAMES.
into the channels of trade it had been
dropped into the sewer. The money
helps the designer, the artisan, the
contractor and the laborer. Far from
being lost, it keeps on its course, buy
ing luxuries for the well-to-do and
necessaries for the poor. Architecture
is a beautiful art, worthy of all en-
couragement. The capitalist with mil
lions to spare may live in a shanty if
he choose and count over his gold, or
put it out at interest, and be called a
miser-. If a man elect to own a palace
and pay for the making of one he has
done a substantial as well as an ethical
good. If to dwell therein with comfort
he keep an array of servants, so much
the better. But he can close up the
place and go to Europe, or even die,
without taking from the city the bene
fit of his liberality. However, I am not
advocating extravagance* For the or
dinary journalist the $50,000 domicile is
good enough. But the man of many
millions could not be extravagant in
expenditure, for in expenditure lies his
opportunity to do good.
Among the things I freely confess an
inability to understand is why certain
papers that praise Roosevelt for going
into the army condemn Bryan for hav
ing done the same thing. I do not
doubt that they are both good citizens
and will both make good soldiers, but
there is no reason for supposing the
New Yorker in the matter of patriotism
to be in any manner superior to the
Nebraskan.
• * •
Doubtless the sentencing to the peni
tentiary for life of a young hoodlum
of 19 will strike many people as too
harsh. He had been found guilty of
robbery by violence that might well
have been murder. Every day there is
in the courts melancholy demonstra
tion of the fact that imprisonment does
hot reform this class of offenders. If
they do not devote life to serving one
long term they merely break it into a
series of shorter terms, the intervals
being given over to the commission of
crimes whereby society is troubled.
Perhaps enough has been said about
the wretched trick of the Examiner in
printing the bogus Hobson letter, but
to allude to it cannot be amiss. It
shows the disreputable character of
that paper under its present manage
ment so clearly as to be useful as a
warning. There are other sheets, un
happily, which fail to draw the line at
fakes, but they would demur at an ab
solute stupidity. It appears that the
Examiner lacks both character and in
telligence.
* * *
An Eastern paper remarks sagely
that a good soldier has nothing to do
with politics. If this is true the con
clusion is inevitable that the army con
tains many officers of recent creation
who are not good soldiers.
While the introduction of an auto
matic "hello" machine into the tele
phone business is doubtless an indica
tion of progress, there will be a nat
ural pang of regret at the vanishing
of the animate charmer who for years
has been helloing from central.' Many
times she is an irritation. She is per
haps deliberate, and when a 1 subscriber
betrays the tart that he Is In a hurry,
goes into. a state of torpor from which
she is with difficulty aroused. She pro
vokes to profanity, 1 and objects to be
ing sworn at. She demands a nickel
for a "switch" and then calmly informs
the waiting patron that the line he
wants is busy, and invites him to call
again, which he can do at the expense
of another nickel. Yet the girl at
central is apt to have a pleasing voice,
possibly a lisp. Her tones suggest !
beauty. So long as she is reasonably !
prompt, to get angry at her would be
a repellant idea. It is easy to imagine
that she is young and fascinating, the
only support of a widowed mother, and !
to strike up a long distance acquain
tance with her. Perhaps the romance
would be spoiled but for the interven
ing wire. It may be that she is her
self a widowed mother. Anyhow she
will soon be succeeded by a mechanical
contrivance no more alluring than the
wheels of a six-bit alarm clock. This
is a practical age.
• * •
I humbly trust that to take excep
tion to a sentence in a late letter of |
Richard Harding Davis will be deemed
no irreverence. I would not go so far
as to pronounce the sentence faulty,
and yet it lacks the power to soothe or
awe: "It was a historical moment in
the history of Cuba." Perhaps it was;
indeed, in all likelihood it ; was, and
yet, and yet— -If history be . . carefully
scanned it will be found to be made up
largely of moments of the sort. How
ever, I never expected Mr. Davis to go
to the trouble of specifying the char
acteristics of one of them in Just the '
way he ■ did. The thought occurs that
he intended to say hysterical instead of !
historical.
The German papers are funny. They
view with horror the prospect that the
United States may one day own the
Philippines. The plan seems to them
wicked. A gTeat nation absorb those
defenseless islands? Never, if the Teu
tonic editor can help it, and he as
suages his wrath in measures of cool
ing beer. Having assuaged he returns
to his work and by a few strokes of his
pen makes beautifully clear the fact
that for Germany to take the islands
is nothing less than a sacred duty.
And meantime that man Dewey acts as
though he did not care a ration what
the journalists of Berlin were instruct
ing him to do.
Far be It from me to say that Peter
B. Cox is a liar. I limit myself to the
privilege of thinking him one, and both
picturesque and colossal. His claim
that when he went from Arctic wilds
to London there was placed in the bank
there to his credit the sum of $3,000,000
fails to enlist the approval of the judg
ment. With such a sum at command
he would have whooped things up in
England until the overflow of enthusi
asm had reached and made radiant the
Continent. He would have shared at
tention with the Kaiser and the war
cloud. Yet Pete was never heard of
until he appeared here, wholly devoid
of inclination to hide his light under a
bushel. Among his modest assertions
is that he was reared to opulence by a
seal hunting papa who made his head
quarters 600 miles north of the north
pole. I do not profess to be a geograph
ical sharp, and would be glad of expert
testimony in this matter. How could
a man get north of the north pole
without being south of it? According
to my somewhat vague idea the base
of the north pole Is as northerly as
there Is hope of reaching. To climb
the pole would of course be to get be
yond this limitation, and yet there ia
no reason to believe, that the pole is so
constituted that a nimble Pete could
shin it. Assuredly the pole is not 600
miles high, even if it has proportions
such as may be measured, and if it
were of this imposing length the diffi
culty of scaling it would be almost in
surmountable. It is for these reasons
I deem Peter adrift from the mooring
of veracity and floating on a sea of
guff. The last word is not elegant, but
it seems to fit Peter's case.
THE TORPEDO BOAT.
She's a floating boiler crammed witli f.re and
steam,
- A toy, with dainty works like any watch;
A working, weaving - basketful of tricks-
Eccentric, cam and lever, cog and notch.
She's a dashing, lashing, tumbling shell of
steel,
A headstrong, kicking, nervous, plunging
beast—
A Ion?, lean ocean trimmed down small:
A bucking bronco harnessed for the east
She can rear and toss and roll
Your body from your soul,
And she's most unpleasant wet— to say the
least!
But see her Flip in: fneakinp down, at night.
All a-tremble, deadly, >-i.-nt— Patan-sly
Watch her gather for the rush, and catch her
hrealh!
See her dodge the wakeful cruiser's sweeping
eye.
Hear the humming! Hear her coming' comln*
filFt!
(That's the sound might make men wish they
were at home
—Hear the rattling Maxim h^rkine rapid-fire!)
See her loom out through the fog with bows
a foam !
Then some will wish for lnnd—
(They'd be sand fleas in th
Or yellow grubs reposing In the loam!)
She's a floating boiler crammed with fire and
steam,
A dainty toy, with v.-orks just like a watch"
A weaving, working- basketful of tricks-
A pent volcano and stoppered at top n teh
She is death and swift destruction in a case
i Not the Unseen, but the Awful— plain In
Bight).
The Dread that must be halted when afar;
Fhe's a concentrated, fragile form of Might!
Shf-'s a daring vicious thing-,
With a rending, deadly sting—
And she asks no odds nor quarter In the flghtt
— McClure's Magazine.
UNCLE SAM'S EMPIRE.
Editor San Francisco Call: The state
ment has been made — assuming that tha
exigencies of war have extended the own
ership of the United States over the Span
ish colonial possessions now under mili
tary occupation— that "the sun never sets
on Uncle Sam's dominions." A careful
study of this subject shows that the east
ern limit of the United States is at longi
tude £6 deg. 56 mm. west from Greenwich,
and that the western limit of the Philip
pine Islands is at longitude 116 deg. 40 mm.
east, approximately. The extreme of ter
ritory embraced within these limits Is
176 deg. 24 mm., or nearly sn. which i? 3
deg. 36 mm. less than a hemisphere. As
the sun's rays do not embrace mote than
a hemisphere in the tropics, it follows
that from the last glint of sunshine upon
the remotest islands of the Palawan archi
pelago till the tirst blink on the eastern
slopes of Maine will embrace a period of
night of 14 minutes and 24 seconds dura
tion. Hence, the ambitious patriot lonp
lng for perpetual sunshine will have to
wait till the borders of empire embraca
the Canaries. D. M. SMITH.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS — Questioner.
City. An article on the Philippine Islands
giving statistics was published in the San
Francisco Call May 19, page 5.
THE SELLING PRICE— G. J. C, Sau
salito, Cal. There is no market for a 10
cent piece of IS3O, but the same may bo
purchased at from 25 to 50 cents.
ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS— N. N.. City.
If Illinois volunteers are to be sent to Ma
nila via San Francisco no arrangements
to that end have yet been reached.
PEKING AND CHINA-J. H. M.. City.
The measurements of the City of Peking
are: Gross tonnage. 5079; net, 3128; lengtn,
408 feet; breadth, 47 feet; depth, 39 feet.
The measurements of the China are:
Gross, 1239 tons; net, 931 tons; length, 210
feet; breadth, 32 feet; depth, 14 feet.
DRUMMER IN THE ARMY-S. A. M..
City. The drummer boy In the army was
discontinued upon a revision of the tac
tics a few years since, and the reason
for that was that the drum was not re
liable in extended order, and it was found
to be useless in rainy weather. The bu^le
was adopted, and bugle calls have taken
the place of the drum taps.
TELEGRAPHER IN THE ARMY— W.,
Fort Bragg, Cal. To join the army of
the United States as a telegrapher maJco
application to Major Thompson, signal
corps, army headquarters, Phelan build
ing, San Francisco. The corps needs ex
pert telegraphers to send on to Manila.
Requirements: To be over the age of
minority and under the age of 45, and
to be an operator of such aptitude that
he could secure employment as such in
the office of the Western Union.
THE REAL COST OF WAS.
In the great struggle between Franc*
and Prussia the former lost as many
as 130,000 men, <-f whom some 80,000 died
of wounds received in battle, 36,000 by
sickness, accident, suicide, etc., and
20,000 in German prisons.
A French statistician estimates that
his countrymen who were wounded, but
who survived, numbered 138,000, those
injured on the march or by accident
11,421, those who recovered from Illness
328,000, making a total of 477,421 direct
sufferers. The Germans killed numbered
40,877; 17,255 died on the field, and 21,023
in the ambulance?, making 79,155 In all.
The wounded who survived numbered
18,543 men.
From first to last the German field
artillery fired 340,000 shots, and the in
fantry 20,000,000. The booty or war con
sisted of 5526 fortress guns, 1915 field
guns and rapid-firing cannon, 107 eagleg
and flags and 855,000 rifles, exclusive of.
what was captured at leisure on aban
doned fields. The monetary loss to
France was 12,656,487,522 francs, includ
ing the war indemnity paid to Germany
of 5,742,938,814 francs.
A survey of the powers of Hurope
shows that from the beginning of the
century to oie end of 1896 Turkey had
experienced thirty-seven years of war
and fifty-nine of peace; Spain comes
next with thirty-one years of -war and
sixty-five of peace; France, with twen
ty-seven years of war and sixty-nine of
peace; Russia, twenty-four years of
war and seventy-two of peace; Italy,
twenty-three years of war and seventy
three of peace; England, twenty-one
years of war and seventy-five of peace;
Austria-Hungary, seventeen and seven
ty-nine; Germany (exclusive of Prus
sia), thirteen and eighty-three; Sweden,
ten and eighty-six; Portugal, twelve
and eighty-four, and Denmark, nine
and eighty-seven. -Tid-Bits.
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia Glace Fruits; 50c lb; in fire-etched
boxes. 627 Market. Palace Hotel bldg •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"I Hkes to see er man take interest in <}«
country," said Uncle Eben. "but I kain't
approve ob 'is neglectin' Ms own "tater
patch while he ■worries 'bout whut -we
gwlnter do wif dem Philippine Islands "—
Washington Star.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personaJly conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the -Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated in first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, in
cluding berths, meals and trip throu«t, the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and Itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER. General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway. 638 Market st . S F
The Santa Fe Route sells cut rate tickets to
all points East. St. Paul, $21; Kansas City.
J3l; Chicago. J32 50: New York and Boston.
*42 55. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market rt.
ACKER'S DYSPEPSIA " TABLETS - -ARE
■old on a positive guarantee. , Cures heartburn.
raising of the food, distress after eating or
f nr I^fJ of d ,y B PeP8»». "• On« little tablet grlve»
immediate : relief.- At No ( Percentage Phar
macy. ■ ■ .TROOPS MARCH TO=DAY
AND SAIL TO=MORROW.
GENERAL ARTHUR MACAR
THUR'S Manila brigade of the
Eighth Army Corps will strike
tents at Camp Merritt and the
Presidio this forenoon and march
to the docks. The troops are under or
ders to leave their several camps at 11
a. m. with one day's cooked rations.
The route of march from the camp to
the water front will be designated by
the commanding officer of each organ
ization.
To-morrow at 9 a. m., General Mac-
Arthur will report to Major General
Merritt, U. S. A., commanding the
corps, to receive final instructions pre
liminary to sailing. It is expected that
the fleet, consisting of the Indiana,
Ohio, City of Para, Morgan City and
Valencia, will sail soon after the bri
gade commander receives his instruc
tions from General Merritt.
THE THIRD SQUADRON .
Four Ships Ready to Receive
Troops— Activity Aboard
the Valencia.
The Ohio, Morgan City, Indiana and
City of Para are now ready to receive
the troops, while the cargo did supplies
are being rushed into the Valencia as
quickly as two hatches can receive them.
The Oregon steamer State of California
was inspected by Major Long yesterday
and the Columbia will be looked over as
soon as she gets in from Portland. The
Government has now decided to dally no
longer with the owners and all the ves
sels required will be tak^n willy nilly as
they come into port.
The vessels over which Major Long is
keeping a watchful eye are the big col
lier Willamette, due here from the Sound
next Tuesday, the Oceanic Steamship
Company's Alameda, due here on the
29th. from Australia, the Mail Company's
Acapulco, due here from Panama on the
30th, the Rio de Janeiro, due here from
China on July E and the Marlposa, due
here from Australia on July 27.
The Willamette was fitted out to carry
a thousand gold-hunters in a very short
epace of time last season and she could
easily be made ready to carry a thousand
troops, all their equipmonts and two
thousand tons of freight Inside a week.
All the other vessels are first-class pas
eenger si earners and could be got ready
In the same time as it took to outfit the
other transports.
GOING TO THE FRONT.
Plan of Campaign Adopted
by the Christian Com
mission.
Charles A. Glunz and Frank A. Jack
eon, the young men who are to go to the
Philippine Islands on the third expedition.
Bailing on the steamer City of Para, as
representatives of the Army Christian
Commission, are thoroughly equipped for
their mission, and will practically carry
the work of the church to the front.
They have a large tent which will ac
commodate a regiment; this will be erect
ed with the army and they have permis
sion from General Merritt to travel with
the army wherever it may move. They
take out with them a library, song books,
h organ, one hundred thousand
ta of paper and envelopes which will
be distributed fre- to the soldiers. They
. will conduct services in connection with
the chaplain and carry on the same Hue
of w..rk with the army as was done
Through the Christian Lommission dur
ing the Civil War. Evangelistic meet
ings. Bible classes and song services will
be held, visitation among the soldiers,
writing letters home for the wounded and
sick young men. and in all possible ways
will they minister to the spiritual and
physical needs of the men.
Deep interest is being manifested In the
READY FOR ACTIVE SERVICE.
CAPTAIN C. E. HfI VEN, Commanding Santa Rosa Company
. of tfoe Eigt)tf) California Volunteers.
work of the Christian Commission. The
Young People's Society of Christian En
deavor, Epworth League and other socie
ties of Fresno County are arranging for
a large entertainment for the benefit of
the work of the Christian Commission.
The Young People's Society of Christian
Endeavor of the First Presbyterian
Church, Oakland, prevented Messrs. Glunz
and Jackson with a beautiful American
flag which will be hoisted over their tent
when erected in Die Philippine Islands.
The executive committee of the com
mission, comprised of Rev. H. C. Min
ton, D. D., president; R. 11. Chamberlain.
Rev. A. T. Needham, H. J. McCoy, B. C.
Y> it, R. V. Watt, D. Edward Collins,
Rev. W. A. Gardner, Major W. B.
Hooper, Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.
and Rev. O. C. Miller, will meet at the
Occidental Hotel next Tuesday afternoon
at 2 o'clock, at which time it is expected
arrangements will be made to bring the
Christian Commission to the attention of
the churches of the State of California.
The Christian Commission will provide
a large tent for the pursuance of its work
In connection with the regiment which is
to be located in Oakland. Already ne
gotiations are being made for the tent.
An appeal Is maue to the public for
funds for the prosecution of the work,
which may be sent to the treasurer of
the Army Christian Commission, Associa
tion building. Mason and Ellis streets.'
A BAYONET WOUND.
Private J. W. Terry of the
Twentieth Kansas Seriously
Hurt by a Comrade.
Private J. W. Terry, one of the recently
arrived recruits of the Twentieth Kansas
Regiment, was bayoneted yesterday
morning by Private Gorovens of the same
regiment and seriously wounded. The af
fair was an accident, but, all the same,
Terry now lies In the regiment hospital
with a deep wound In his left side, and the
surgeons are of the opinion that the man's
liver may have been penetrated by the
bayonet.
At the time of the accident Gorovens
was doing guard duty and Terry had been
detaile/1 to throw some wood Into camp
that was just over the guard line. He
had just completed his task and was In
the act of climbing over ffie fence when
Gorovens halted him.
For some reason, evidently because he
became alarmed and "rattled," Terry
made a break and ran. and Gorovens
wont in pursuit. In rounding a tent
Terry tripped over a rope and fell, and
Gorovens, who was almost upon him, fell
over his prostrate form, and in doing so
ran the bayonet several Inches Into
Terry's baok^ The unfortunate soldier
was taken to the regimental hospital for
treatment. No blame is attached to
Gorovens.
Terry's wound may prove fatal.
HOSPITAL, AT MANILA.
General Merritt Approves a
Plan of the Red Cross
Society.
The Red Cross Society will have a hos
pital in the Philippines. The patriotic
women who have tendered the^r gentle
care as nurses will be acknowledged by
the Government.
General Merritt crumpled the anti
nurse edict In his soldier's hand yester
day and gave his consent to the scheme
of humanity that the Red Cross Society,
has been earnestly but quietly working
ever since it has had the reckoning
power of sufficient money.
The plan of the society is, briefly, to es
tablish a hospital equal to the emergency
of the campaign at Manila; to thorough
ly equip it with all the appliances of the
humane side of modern warfare, and to
provide nurses of either sex, whose ser
vices shall be voluntary. The society
plan does not contemplate a corps of sur
geons. The medicines and the gentle care
necessary to convalesce it will supply,
but the surgeons will be detached from
the corps of the general field hospital.
This point was among the many conceded
yesterday by General Merritt.
This will be welcome news to hundreds
of patriotic women who, though deeply
disappointed at the refusal by the Gov
ernment of their services on the battle
ground, have labored untiringly for the
health and comfort of the thousands of
men in the peaceful camp.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS.
Their Good Work at Camp
Merritt Is Appreciated by
the Boys in Blue.
The First Baptist Church social Friday
evening at Camp Merritt was a very en
joyable affair, one of the features being a
touching address by Pastor Woods.
Last evening the First Methodist
Church of Oakland entertained the sol
diers, and this evening a praise service
will be held.
The entertainments this week will be
in charge of the following: Monday,
Howard Presbyterian; Tuesday, First
Presbyterian; Wednesday, Good Tern-
plars; Thursday, Westminster and First
United Presbyterian; Friday, Mrs. Hol
brook Bllnn; Saturday, Tltlrd Congrega
tional.
At the last meeting of the executive
committee of the Mothers' Christian En
deavor Club a vote of thanks was passed
to The Call for furnishing papers each
morning to the reading and writing room
at the headquarters; also to the San
Francisco News Company for periodicals.
In the past few days over 4000 comfort
bags have been distributed by Mrs. Fow
den to the soldiers, and the following let
tqr shows how these bags are appreciated'
"CAMP MERRITT, June 24. 1898
"To the Ladles of the Christian En
deavor Society: We, the members of the
Engineer Corps, thank you for the fine
comfort-bags which you so kindly sent
The soldier is an appreciative being if you
only examine him closely, and our men
will always remember your kind acts
while we were at the ferry and at camp,
and if we never have the pleasure of meet
ing you personally you may be assured
that somewhere— and perhaps around a
camp fire— will be said, 'God's blessing
on the mothers and sisters of San Fran
cisco.' Yours truly,
"E. A. KIRKPATRICK,
"U. S. Engineers."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
ORDERS TO MARCH.
TJTOOFS WILL LEAVE CAMP FOH THE SHIPS AT It O'CLOCK
Orders were Issued by Major General Otis late yesterday afternoon
for the troops comprising the third expedition to Manila to break
camp at 8 o'clock this morning, and to take up their line of march at
11 o'clock for the wharves where lie the transports on which they are
to embark for transportation to the Philippines.
The order was in the form of a circular letter and a copy of the
same was sent to the commanding officers of the Second Battalions
of the Eighteenth and Twenty-third United States Infantry, Idaho
Battalions, Thirteenth Minnesota Regiment, Wyoming Battalion, Corps
of Engineers, the Signal Corps and batteries G and L of the Third
United States Artillery.
No line of march is designated in the circular letter, but the troops
will leave Camp Merritt at 11 o'clock and probably proceed down
Golden Gate avenue in a body to Market, and from there the different
commands will take the easiest and shortest route to their respective
transports. The troops act as independent commands in marching to
the vessels.
The Astor Light Battery and Batteries H and X, Third United
States Artillery, have not yet received their orders to break camp.
Many men call at the Endeavor head- i
quarters for medicines on hand and do- \
nations of these will be gratefully re
ceived.
The King's Daughters have contributed
$32 toward the work of the Endeavorera ;
at the camp.
Contributions are coming in, many of
the soldiers donating something toward
the work which they bo much desire to
see continued. During the past few days \
donations have been received from the !
H. H. Scott Coal Company. Mr. Callagan,
Company L. Eighteenth Regulars; Mrs.
Thomas R. Hayes and N. McKellar. Mr.
Miner will keep the Kansas tents supplied
with stationery.
CAMP MERRITT DIVISION.
Wedding in the Seventh Cali
fornia — Wyoming Light Bat
tery Due To-Morrow.
Serjeant Major R. I. Falmer of the
Seventh California was last night mus
tered Into the army of benedicts by Chap
lain A. C. Clark of the regiment, who, in
the presence of Colonel Berry and his
officers, married the sergeant major to
Miss Augusta Stoermer of Los Angeles.
■\\ nen the regiment left its native city
the young couple had arrived at a mu
tual understanding, and on Friday, Miss
Stoermer, true to her promise, came to
San Francisco to make good her troth
to the man of her choice. The couple re
ceived many congratulations. Mrs. Fal
mer will remain here until her husband's
regiment Is ordered away.
Charges have been preferred by Cap
tain Came of ti.e Utah troop of cavalry
i against Private Brandt for sleeping on
his post while on guard. The trooper will
be tried by a general court martial.
Lieutenant French of the First Mon
tana has been detailed by Brigadier Gen
eral Otis to take command of the First
Nebraska Regiment.
Brigadier General King inspected the
camp of the First Tennessee Regiment
yesterday afternoon.
The Alger Light Battery of Wyoming.
125 men strong, under the command of
Captain G. M. Palmer, will arrive at
Camp Mercitt to-morrow. Governor
Richards said yesterday that just ten
days after the order was issued from the
War Department accepting the services
of the battery, it was mustered into ser
vice and on its way to this city.
The funerals of Privates Moone and
Greenough, companies B and L, Twen
tieth Kansas, took place yesterday
afternoon, and the bodies of the
men were interred in the Na
tional Cemetery at the Presidio.
Moone died at the French Hospital, of an
abscess In the head, and Greenough at
the Marine Hospital, of a complication of
disorders, caused by measles. Captain
Watson, Company L. had command of
the four companies that attended the fu
neral.
Lieutenant L. C. Smith, quartermaster
Twentieth Kansas, has been forced to re
sign his commission on account of 111 j
health. Colonel Funston will appoint
Lieutenant Walter Hull, Company I, to j
be quartermaster.
Dr. Kirby Smith, a son of the famous
General Kirby Smith of the Confederate
army, has been detached from the First
Tennessee and assigned to duty at the
Field Hospital.
Dr. N. M. Black, who Is attached to the
Field Hospital corps, received by wire |
last evening that his father, Major John
S. Black, had been attached to the staff
of General Miles. Major Black was chief
of General Miles' staff during the rebel
lion. When the present trouble began he
was tendered rank of major and made
chief commissary of supplies.
FOURTH EXPEDITION.
Major Long Proposes to As-
semble Another Fleet in
a Very Short Time.
Now that the transports of the third
Manila expedition are ready for the re
ception of the troops Major I-iong, the
depot quartermaster, under whose super
%-ision the steamers have been put in
condition for i~-« long voyage, is now
making up the flotilla of the fourth ex
pedition, which will be prepared to sail
in a few days. The * aciflc Mail steam
ship Peru was secured yesterday, and the
City of Puebla, which was recently char
tered, will be in shape to receive coal
and supplies in a day or two. Several
other steamers are in sight and the pros
pects are that tue fourth squadron will be
assembled this week. The steamers
Queen, Columbia, State of California and
Oregon, all belonging to the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, will not be Im
pressed, owing to the fact that their
deck houses make them unsafe in a ty-
poon.
Sixty men of Batteries G and L, Third
Artillery, will not be able to sail on the
third expedition for Manila, owing to a
lack of room. They will go into camp
at Camp Merritt and win be under the
command of Lieutenant Abernathy.
Batteries H and X, Third Artillery, to
sail for Manila to-morrow, will be under
command of Major Kobbe.
AMONG THE VOLUNTEERS.
Colonel Frost Receives a Visit-
or — An Array of Misfit
Blouses.
The members of the battalion of the
Sixth California, on fluty at the Fort
Point fortifications, are indebted to the
Red Cross Society for lavish supplies of
medicines and delicacies for the , sick
members of the command, and the mem
bers of the hospital corps, through the
medium of The Call, desire to express
their heartfelt thanks to the ladies for
their work. No surgeon is attached to
the battalion, and the writer of the com
munication to The Call says the. society
has done a world of good in caring for
the invalids at the camp for which the
soldiers wish to acknowledge their deep
est gratitude. The camp ot the Sixth is
situated near the old fort, but it is not
too far away for the Samaritans of the
Red Cross to minister to.
Colonel Frost, of the First South Da
kota Regiment, received a visit yester
day that was a surprise as well as a
source of much gratification to him. His
caller was Captain William Hoffman, U.
S. A., retired, who was in command ot
Colonel Frost's company in the Eleventn
Infantry years ago. Colonel Frost en
tered the regular service as a private in
Ihßl, and was commissioned sece^^ lieu
tenant in 1884. He last saw Captas^Hoflf
man when he was ordered to take his ex
amination for promotion fourteen years
ago, and his surprise and pleasure ai
THIS FORENOON.
meeting his old commander again may be
imagined.
Captain John B. Jeffery has arrived
from the East and assigned to duty at>
quartermaster of the First Brigade on
the staff of General M. P. Miller. Captain
Jeffery Is a veteran Journalist of Chicago,
and for twenty years had the manage
ment of the Journal of that city. He Is
registered at the Palace, but will take up
his quarters at Camp Merrltt to-day, li
w%fl through the efforts of Captain Jel
fery that Duncan B. Harrison, the actor
nmnager, secured his appointment in the
army, that gentleman being accredited to
Illinois.
The graceless members of the South Da
kota regiment have found that it is a
real pleasure to be soldiers when there
are ludles to help them out. The boys
have recently been issued a lot of gar
ments the conscienceless contractors call
uniforms. They are of every conceivable
shape and quality, and of dazzling shades
of blue.
These uniforms, according to army reg
ulations, must be numbered, which reg
ulation the contractors strictly adhere to,
but with no regard for honesty. Pants
measuring 42 inches waist will be num
bered 32 inches and No. 1 blouses will be
marked No. 4 or any other number that
comes handy. Once Issued, the quarter
master does not bother to change for a
better fit, and the boys looked like a sec
tion of the Darktown Rangers until they
hit upon a bright scheme. There is a de
tachment of ladies of the Catholic Truth
Society in camp, who originally intended
to establish a reading-room for the boys,
hut this has been turned into a free sow
ing circle by the soldiers, who by various
arts and devices have cajoled the sym
pathetic ladies into altering their clothes
into a semblance, of a fit. It is amusing
to see how cleverly the young scamps
manage to get thrir sewing off onto these
ladies, who never seem to realize that
they are being "worked" in more ways
than one. But some day, when the boys
fet to bringing in their socks to be
arned, there is going to be an insurrec
tion.
Private Sweeney of X Company, First
North Dakota, was tried yesterday before
the general court of the Fourth Brigade
on a charge of disobedience of orders.
The findings will be published to-day. The
court, of which Lieutenant Colonel Lee
Stover is president, will sit again to-day
for the trial of such prisoners as may be
brought before It.
MONTANA VOLUNTEERS.
Ready to Go to the Front and
Meet the Enemy Face
to Face.
The boys of the First Montana Regi
ment want to get to the front as speedily
as possible. Here is an expression of
opinion sriven by Montana volunteers:
Editor Call: We volunteered to fight for our
; country, to engage the enemy face to face
; and not stay on any oast to hear about others
doing the fighting. We are not afraid to face
the enemy, and as for standing hardship our
regiment can hold Its own with any other
regiment that ever came to San Francisco
\\e all quit our work at home to go
i straight to the front. We did not enlist for
j what money we could got. but to fight. If we
, had wanted money we would have staved at
home where we got from J9O to $123 a month.
Instead of enlisting for $15 a month.
We were the first rpeiment mustered Into the
T nlted States service, yet we have had no
chance to go to the front. We want to keep
up the reputation of the Montana pioneers
who fought Indians. All we ask Is a chance
to fight the Spaniards. We are also willing
to donate to the fnlted States six months nay
for the privilege of going to the front
FOUR BOYS OF MONTANA.
THE SIGNAL CORPS.
Money In Hongkong to the
Credit of Sacramento
Volunteers.
Captain Fred L. Martin of the Volun
teer Signal Corps, formerly commanding
officer of the Signal Corps, Third Brig
ade, N. G. C. at Sacramento, received, a
very pleasant gift for the members of
his former command from the Red Cross
Society of Sacramento in the form of a
draft from the bank of D. O. Mills & Co.
on Hongkong for $106 05, Hongkong cur
rency, the equivalent of $50 United Staf.-s
money, for the benefit of the memberp of
his former command. With the remit
tance came a letter from Frank Millor
treasurer of the society, and incident
ally president of the D. O. Mills Banking
Company, asking that the money be ex
pended for the benefit of J. H. Watkins.
F. \\ . Strachauer, Hugh M. Strachan and
F. M. Russell, now members of the Vol
WILL MARCH
ABOARD TO-DAY
♦ Assignment of the Troops *
♦ to the Several Vessels ♦
of the Fleet. ♦
♦ ♦
-f Four of the Manila transports 4
+ will receive troops to-day as fol- 4
4- lows:
■f Morgan' City at Paciflc-street 4
4 wharf— The First Idaho Volun- -f
4 teers and the First Nebraska re- 4
4 crults. a
4- City of Para, at the Pacific Mall ■♦■
4 dock— The Thirteenth Minnesota. 4
4- Indiana, at Paciflc-street dock 4
+ One battalion of the Eighteenth 4
4- United States Infantry, one bat- 4
4- talion of the Twenty-third United 4
4 States Infantry, the Signal Corps 4
4- and a detachment of engineers. +
4 Brigadier General MacAthur, 4
4- commanding the expedition, estab- 4
4- Hshed his dpaquarters on the In- 4
4 diana last evening.
4 Ohio, at Lombard-street dock 4
4- First Wyoming Volunteers, Bat- 4
4- teries G and Ij, Third Artillery 4
4 and recruits of the Thirteenth 4
4 Minnesota. +
4- The Valencia, which is taking on 4
4 coal to-day at the Union Iron 4
4- "Works, will be ready to-morrow 4
4- morning for its assignment of 4
4 troops— the First North Dakota 4
4 Volunteers. +
4- The Newport on Wednesday will 4
4- take on Batteries II and X, Third 4
4 Artillery, the Astor Independent 4
4 Battery and General Meriitt and 4
4 staff. This steamer is at the Pa- 4
4- cine Mail dock. 4.
4 4
444- + 4-4444-4 + 4444-4- + +
unteer Signal Corps, former members of
Captain Martin's company.
It is needless to say that the gift Is bd
preclated, and every boy in the signal
corps is willing to swear that Sacra
mento has done nobly on this occasion.
TILDEN ENLISTED.
First Man of the United Com
mercial Travelers' Associa-
tion to Join the Army.
J. C. Tilden, a musician of the Seventh
California "Volunteers, was the first mem
ber of the United Commercial Travelers'
Association to enlist In the army for the
war. His. exam pie created surprise and
enthusiasm in th# ranks of his fellow
travelers.
The order was In session a few nights
since, when the outside guard observed
a man in the uniform of a soldier ap
proaching the door. The soldier respond
ed to the challenge by giving the proper
signal. Further along the second guard
was encountered, but he was not inclined
to accept the responsive signals. The man
in uniform, knowing the work and the
countersign, insisted on admission to the
inner council, and carried his point.
Once inside Tilden in his uniform cre
ated a sensation. The drummers in se
cret conclave wondered how a soldier got
inside. The president on the throne sus
pended proceedings, left his elevated
chair and descended to the floor to test
the right of the unexpected visitor to re
main. Tilden was up to the mark in his
recollection of grips, signs and responses.
The presiding officer, not satisfied with
the investigation by grips and signs,
made a keen personal observation and
then recognizing the face of Tilden ut
tered an exclamation not to be found in
the ritual. "Boys, it is Tilden," shouted
the president, and instantly the soldier
was the central figure of the assembly.
Tilden was congratulated by all and sev
eral promised to emulate his example. J.
C. Tilden is well known on the coast as
the representative of shoe and leather
houses. Since he joined the army other
travelers have enlisted for the war.
COURT-MARTIAL.
To Convene at the Presidio for
the Trial of Cases Requiring
Immediate Example.
A general court-martial has been ap
pointed to meet at the Presidio to-mor
row morning at 11 o'clock, and it Is au
thorized to sit without regard to hours
as all the cases to be referred for trial
require immediate example. The detail
of the court is as follows:
Major Gus G. Grant, Captain William
Bruce, Captain Art S. Guthrie, First
Lieutenant Louis A. Eaton and Second
Lieutenant John Parnau, all of the Cali
fornia Volunteer Infantry, and First
Lieutenant Henry L. Egell, First Lieu
tenant Edward Erwin, Second Lieutenant
George B. Lambing, Second Lieutenant
Harvey J. Moss, all of the First Wash
ington Volunteer Infantry, and Captain
George H. Fortson, First Washington
Volunteer Infantry, judge advocate.
Hospitality Appreciated.
That the courtesies extended the Penn
sylvania regiment have been appreciated
by those they left behind them is evidenced
by the following letter received yesterday
by Mayor Phelan:
PITTSBURG, Pa.. June 20, IS9B.
To the Honorable the Mayor of San Fran
cisco, Cal.— Sir: At a meeting of Lowry Circle
No. 27, Indies of the G. A. R., Wllklnsturg,
Pa., a resolution was unanimously adopted di
rectlnß the secretary to write you expressing
the appreciation by the members of the circle
of the kindness shown the officers and men of
the Tenth Regiment, P. V. 1., during their so
journ In your city.
It 1b with great pleasure, therefore, that I
now comply with the resolution, and I assure
you that the numerous reports which have
reached us, both through the press and from
private sources, setting forth the enthusiastic
and overwhelming reception accorded our boys
by your hospitable city have filled us with the
utmost gratification. We do not doubt that the
future doings of Pennsylvania's sons in far
off Manila will fully Justify the consideration
they received at your hands. Again thanking
you most heartily. I am yours very truly,
MRS. EL.MIRA V. NULL, Secretary.
602 Brushton avenue, Pittsburg, Pa.
The State Headquarters.
Governor Budd and Adjutant General
Barrett closed their headquarters at the
California Hotel last night and will open
their new rooms at the Palace Hotel
this morning.
The State headquarters will be located
on the first floor, near the Republican
State Central Committee' t; rooms, and
hereafter all matters pertaining to the
State troops will be directed from there.
War Incidents.
Major General Merriam, commanding
the Department of California, Is expected
to return on Wednesday next from Fort
Vancouver. Wash., where he nas been for
the past two weeks engaged In disposing of
a lot of accumulated business of the De
partment of the Columbia, which is un
der his jurisdiction.
Two batteries of the Sixth United
States Artillery Regiment are on the way
to San Francisco, having passed Ogden
yesterday morning. No information has
been received at military headquarters
as to their assignment.
■An elaborate dinner was given last
evening by Colonel and Mrs. Charles H.
Blinn to Colonel William C. Smith of the
First Tennessee Regiment. Others pres
ent were: General W. H. L. Barnes,
Colonel C. Mason Knne, Mrs. Kinne and
Miss Grace Thome. The mingling of the
blue and the gray brought out many stor
ies of the late war. Colonel Smith hav
ing been a Confederate general, while
all the other gentlemen served in the
Federal army.
Though the troops that leave Camp
Merritt to-day will not march down to the
docks as one body, the individual com
mands will follow practically the same
line of march that the Thirteenth Minne
sota will take — out Third avenue to Point
Lobos, down Point Lobos to Geary and
then to Van Ness, across by Van Ness to
Golden Gate avenue, thence to Market
and down Market to the ferry, from whicn
points they will find their boats.
Two light batteries of the Sixth Artil
lery left Ogden yesterday morning en
route to this city. Major Grugan is in
command.
A batch of 110 recruits from Columbus.
Nebraska, will arrive at the ferry at noon
to-day. They are in command of Lieu
tenant Colonel J. L. Killaln, who will re
main with them at Camp Merritt.
GRIDLEY'S ASHES
LEFT IN JAPAN
BODY OF THE BRAVE CAPTAIN
CBEMATED.
Paymaster Gait of the Baltimore
Tells of the Great Battle in
Manila Bay on May 1.
The steamer Coptic, which arrived In
port Friday night, brought to this city
two men wno were in the heat of the
battle off Manila on May 1. They left
Manila with Captain Gridley and were
with him at the time of his death. One
of them Is Paymaster William W. Gait,
the other George A. White, pay clerk.
Both were attached to the Raleigh. Pay
master Gait is on a leaye of absence on
account of having poor health. Mr. White
accompanied him, his term of sea ser
vice having expired.
After the battle of Manila Captain
Gridley became seriously affected with
intestinal troubles and, much against his
will, was forced to leave the ship. Ac
companied by Paymaster Gait and Pay-
Clerk White he left the Olympia and
COMMANDS THE FOURTH BRIGADE.
COLONEL ALFRED S. FROST, First South
Dakota Volunteer Infantry.
One of the youngest y and at the same time most promising of the command-
Ing officers in the Eighth Army Corps is Colonel A. S. Frost of the First
bouth Dakota, who has just relieved General Mac Arthur of the command of
the Fourth Brigade at Camp Merritt. Colonel Frost belongs to the regular
army, with the rank of first lieutenant in the Twenty-fifth Infantry
Colonel Frost enlisted in the Eleventh Infantry in 18S1, serving as private
corporal and sergeant until August 7. ISS4. when he was appointed second
ieutenant of the Twenty-fifth Infantry. Pie was promoted to first lieutenant
in loWi.
From the time he entered the army until 1594 he was stationed on the fron
tier .md saw much hard service in the Indian campaigns. In the last
named year Colonel Frost was placed on detached service and ordered to
South Dakota as professor of military tactics at the State University and af
terward on the Governor's staff as inspector of the National Guard
When his regiment was ordered to the front on the breaking out of the
present war Colonel Frost was ordered to join it and went to Chickamauga
where the Twenty-fifth was in camp, tmj; was recalled to South Dakota to
take command of the First Regiment of Volunteers.
Colonel Frost is reputed to be one of the best drill masters and tacticians
in the army, and is the idol of the men in his command.
boarded the transport Zaflro, which car
ried them to Hongkong, where they were
to be transferred to the Coptic. On the
journey from Hongkong to Kobe Captain
Grldley became rapidly worse. Soon aft
er arriving in Kobe he died, the cause of
the death being intestinal hemorrhages.
It was expected that Gait would return
with the remains of Captain Gridley, but
he did not wait over in Yokohama. The
body of the deceased naval officer was
embalmed in Kobe and carried on the
Coptic to Yokohama. There Gait re
ceived notice that he was to take charge
of the body and the effects of the de
ceased. Later he was advised to have the
body cremated. With befitting ceremo
nies this was performed in Yokohama,
but the Coptic, leaving in advance of the
time for the ashes to be brought to this
country, aid not carry the urn contain
ing what the incinerating fires had left
of Captain Gridley's body. They will be
brought over on the Rio de Janeiro. which
is expected to arrive here on July .". The
personal effects of Captain Gridley are in
charge of Mr. Gait and they will be
forwarded to his wife at once.
In regard to the battle of Manila, Mr.
Gait had little to say. He expressed him
self in general terms about the magnitude
of the victory. "It is still a miracle to me
how it happened— that such a battle could
have been fought with no damages to one i
of the principal parties engaged. Of I
course. I can never hope to be in such an
engagement again. Battles of that kind
do not happen often enough for one man
to see more than a single engagement of
tnat character."
Mr. Gait was about to Impart some in
teresting remarks made by Captain Grid
ley, summing up the character of the
victory, but recalled his vows of taciturn
ity just in the nick of time, and now the
world will have to wait until Mr. Gait
writes his account of the battle to hear
of the utterances of the brave commander
of the Olympia on the most wonderful sea
victory of late years.
In speaking of the ease with which the
batteries of Cavlte were passed by the
American ships, Mr. Gait said that the
Spaniards were unprepared, though they
had a superabundance of ammunition and
splendid guns. According to the ex-pay
master of the Raleigh, the marksmanship
of the Spaniards is a fit^ubject for gross
? dici i ; *3 hey never hit what they at
tempt to/hit, and very rarely . hit "any
?unn& ery IS or hh tt e he U ent ° f Mr " Galt on th
to M recuperaTe!! ICaV6 to nl&ht tor the EMt
AN ANGBY HUSBAND'S FALL.
A Wife Beater Foiled In His Pursuit
for Vengeance.
Louis Hardenberg, a boiler maker,
while attempting to cross from one win
dow to another on the second story of the
San Bruno House on Fourth street, near
Minna, fell to the sidewalk and was car
ried unconscious to the. Receiving Hos
pital.
Hardenberg had quarreled with his wife
and by threatening violence had driven
her from one room to another on thb
same floor. She barred the door to pre
vent his entrance. Determined to inflict
violence upon her he opened the window
in the front of the house, crawled out on
a narrow footing and tried to gain an
entrance by means of a window to the
opposite room, in which his wife was. He
lost his footing and fell to the ground It
is believed that he has suffered internal
New Signal Instruments.
The signal service of the California
street police station has been — patly im
proved by the addition of a new set of
signal instruments made at the fire alarm
repair shops from the plans of Superin
tendent Hewitt. The idea is entirely new
and novel in police signaling, and does
away with the cumbersome ta~ c for
merly In use. The several signal lines
which were run into the station in a hap
hazard fashion are now combined and led
in through an underground cable to a
handsome oak sounding-board.
All downtown signal boxes may now be
connected directly with the City Hall
headquarters, thus bringing the down
town districts in closer touch with th«
head of tne department
78
THE RAG TAG BRIGADE.
"Dr-r-r-rub! dr-r-r-rub!
Dr-rub! r-rub! r-rub!"
The Rag Tags were coming out of
Folsom Street.
"Hurrah! hurrah! we sing the Jubilee!
Hurrah! hurrah! the flag that made us free!"
They were turning into Third.
"So we sang the chorus from Atlanta to ths
sea.
When we were marching throiißh Georgia!"
They were nearing the corner of Mar
ket.
"Hurrah! hurrah! we sing the Jubilee!"
The crowd rathering on the streets
to hear tht> parsing of a finer band, to
look on the passing of a handsomer
the passing of older pa
triots, turned to see the absurd little
procession coming up the street.
"Hurrah! hurrah! the Bag that matte us free!"
The sound of the drum was shallow —
but it is ..luays the old roll. The voice
of the fife was tin— but it is always the
old tune. The look of the flag was
•orry— but it is always the old Hag.
Men laughed kindly as the Rag Tags
passed them by. Women looked after
them and smiled and wiped their eyes.
"Hurrah! II::rr "
"Halt," said the Captain. "Look out
fer de car."
The motor hummed around the cor
ner and the Rag Tags lined against the
curb. Their Captain passed them ap
provingly in review. He was about
seven, with a small, sweet, soiled coun
tenance as cheerless and grave as a
little white owl's. His military breeks
had begun life as overalls and been
painted over by some impressionist's
brush In broad, free, devious lines of
red and white and blue. A cambric
WILL BANQUET
IOWA'S TROOPS
Native Daughters Pre
paring a Big Rally.
A DRILL BEFORE THOUSANDS
THE RED CROSS FUND NEAR.ING
THE $50,000 MARK.
Interesting Items Gathered Among
Workers Throughout the State.
Troops to Embark
To-Day.
As the soldiers will go
aboard the transports to-day,
it is asked that all lunches be
sent to Mis. Lowenberg,
chairman of th» hospitality
committee, before 8 o'clock
this morning instead of Mon
day morning.
Judging by the energy displayed by
the members of the Native Daughters'
Red Cross Aid, the reception to be
given the Fifty-first lowa regiment on
Tuesday evening next will be one of
the grandest affairs of its kind held in
this city for some time. A tremendous
gathering is confidently expected and
in preparation for their coming a large
number of prominent Native Sons have
been pressed into service as ushers.
Tickets were issued yesterday and be
fore night many hundreds were dis
posed of. Fifty cents will be charged
for admission, entitling the holder to
an excellent seat on the main floor of
the big structure. Those wishing to
view the maneuvers from the gallery
need only pay 25 cents. Soldiers will
be charged the same amount, but will
bo permitted to sit In any portion of the
Pavilion.
The following excellent programme
has been arranged by Colonel John C.
Loper, commander of the regiment:
Band concert of the Fifty-first Infantry lowa
Volunteer Band: Entrance of Fifty-first Iti
lantry lowa Volunteers; guard mounting, de
tails from al! companies; old officer of the day,
Captain liutterfield; new officer of the day.
nit; officer of the guard. Lieutenant
mint adjutant. Lieutenant Davidson; physical
drill with arms. Company H, Captain Worth
ington; company drill, Company L, Captain
Pryor; music. "The Stars and Strings For
ever" (Sousa), Fifty-first lowa Band; battalion
rarade, Second Battalion. Major Hume; bayo
net exercise. Company A, Captain Gibson; ex
flag had served his tailor for the coat—
with the stripes across the Bhoulders
and the stars upon the breast. His
helmet was covered with a flag and
stuffed, as was apparent here and
there, with newspapers for a mightier
effect. A gunny sack was rolled and
strapped with hay ropes to his shoul
ders. A tomato can rattled at his hip.
He carried a brave toy gun and walk
ed with the dignity of kings.
"Keep back you'se rears! Re-treat!"
The Rag Tags backed obediently to
the curb.
They stood against it thirteen strong —
Cavalry, Artillery, Infantry, Band and
Hospital Corps, all told. Their solemn
eyes looked out from under hats and
caps of every shape and size. Their
irresponsible toes looked out of boots
and shoes of every size and shape.
Beyond these uncontrollable differ
ences, they were uniformed with care.
You could pick them apart by the col
ors of their divisions, painted sidelong
down their little breeches. Their
knobby little legs were leggined in news
papers, elaborately wrapped with
twine. Their hunched little shoulders
were saddled with gunny-sack blan
kets, strapped on with hay ropes — ex-
tended order drill, Company M, Captain Clark;
review by Major General Merrltt.
The guests of the evening will be feasted in
the Machinery Hall, and their welfare will be
looked aft-»r by the following ladies: Mrs. Bol
derman Mrs. Bonny. Dr. Bolderman, Miss I
Piper, Mlv Creigh, Slis. L. Carlie, Mi?s Carrie
Creigh, Miss Martin. Mrs, Theo. Lundstedt,
.\;is Boral, Mrs. Ralph, Mrs. Anderson, Mrs,
J. H Barring-ton, Mr?. Day, ll^s l';i"-r. Dr.
Selling, Mrs. C. Kervan, Miss Rlchfr. Mi^s L.
Smith. Mrs. Brackett, SCrs. Kemp Van Ec, MIM
Brackett. Mrs. Altfeltinger, Mi.-. Derume. lira.
L. B. Mills, Mrs. Haekmeyer, Miss B. Mayer,
Mips McCarthy, Mrs. Meyer, Mrs Bradley, Mrs.
Mocker, Mrs. Tillmann. Mrs. Frazier, Mrs. GrlfT,
Miss Noonan. Miss Rush, Mrs. Barton, Miss
McLaug-hlin. Miss M. Layton, Miss M. Waters,
Mrs. Munson. Mrs. Schmidt, Miss Reichling,
Mrs. Williams; Mrs. Foley, Miss Utschis, Miss
Day, Miss Vonstaden, Miss Levy, Miss Bab
cock and Miss McDougal.
The First Presbyterian Church -will provide
the lunches for the Newport, on which General
Merrltt will leave- and which will probably sail
after the other transports have gone.
The Red Cross fair got up by Irean Mervy
and Nettie Noyes, which was held at 919
Greenwich street on Thursday last, proved a
big success and they have turned over nearly
$50 to the society. The parlors were hand
somely decorated with evergreens, flags and
*c lanterns. With a fancy-work table
in one room and a lemonade well and let;
cream tables In the other, one entering and
listening to the strains of Morris" string band,
which played all the evening, thought they
were in a fairy li"wer. The two young misses
deserve much credit for the way they worked
to make it a success.
The following letter Is self-explanatory:
June 25, IS9B.
Colonel Jam^s F. Smith, commanding First
Regiment, California Volunteers, U. S. A.,
Manila, Philippine Islands— Dear Sir: At a
meeting of the executive committee of the Red
Cross Society of San Francisco, held on June
17, it was unanimously resolved that our so
ciety send you fifteen hundred dollars ($1500),
to be used as an emergency fund by the of fl
eers and enlisted men of your command.
Hecrulted from our own loved city, it is with
pride and gratification that we are enabled,
through the generous gifts of our cit.liena, to
inclOFa you Bank of California first of ex
change B 62,962 on Messrß. N. M. Rothschild &
£on« London, on demand, for £30S 13s, which
ie a sum equal to the fifteen hundred dollars
mentioned above.
Though far from the land whose honor you
have sworn to uphold, San Francisco's best
wishes and loving thoughts follow you across
the broad Pacific, nnd the "Red Cross," with
keen appreciation of the mission of your sol
diers, sends its benediction and greetings to
every man of the regiment, patiently awaiting
the day when war shall be no more and San
FranciFcn's streets shall echo the cheers of a
royal velcome home to our "Boys In Blue."
Kindly acknowledge the receipt of the bill
of exchange that we may know of Its safe ar
rival We remain very sincerely yours,
MRS. JOHN F. MERRILL, President. .
MRS. W. R. ECKART, Secretary.
One of the most useful donations received by
the society is from Britton & Rey, lithograph
ers and designers. They have not only fur
nished it with all paper used, but have also
donated the cuts and headings, for which the
soHety is most grateful.
Ivltk. Ji.hn Morton and Mrs. Mel. Martin of
North Fork, Cal., gave a social at the school
house for the benefit of the Red Cross So
ciety and raised $11 20.
The following letter was received from one
of the little workers:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.
Pear Ladies: Here is $1 for our soldiers.
Would you like to know lmw I got It? I saved
all my car fare nickels for the last month and
always walked, walked, walked no matter how
warm It was.
And will you please tell the boys I didn't
mind it one bit: whenever I got very tired I
would think of our soldiers and all the hard
ships they have to suffer for us and for our
dear "Old Glory." and then I would not feel
tin d any more at all. I only wish it was more
money, but I think if nil the children in the
city that are well and strong would save their
car fares we could get a great, great many
nickels for the Red Cross Society. And please
don't forget to tell the soldiers that we all love
them very much, and I hope they will all come
back to their fathers and mothers, and I am
sure we'll have a glorious victory. My cousin
volunteered for the Red Crops hospital corps.
I would go too If I were a boy. Tours truly,
MARGUERITE POPERT.
P. S.— Mamma says I wore out a pair of
shoes saving my carfare, but she does not
| mind it a bit.
Another vote of thanks was tendered the
French Hospital yesterday for their continued
aid. They have taken in the hospital 190 men,
which equals 796 days of treatment.
Badges will be delivered at 16 Post street on
Monday morning at»10 o'clock.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
actly like their Captain's. Their little
turn-turns were stoutly girdled with
belts of old black cloth. They car
ried broomsticks on their shoulders,
laths swinging at their sides. They
were all sewed and pinned and painted
over with the insignia of the service
made out of whatever material came to
their little, eager hands — bits of tarn
ished lace and braid for straps and
chevrons, knots of the colors cut from
cotton rags, peddlers' joys in tin and
brass and ribbons — all soiled, all shab
by, all scavenged from the streets, all
worn with a noble, honest pride as dec
orations merited and won.
And beneath these trappings so sad
ly gay, the sameness of shabby little
coats, sad little other things, shocking
little hats, sorry little shoes.
Happy little soldiers of misfortune!
All their hearts and souls in the far
away wars; never a thought of the
battle nearer home.
The infantry carried broomsticks on
their shoulders. The walking cavalry
tripped on their wooden swords. The ar
tillery — of one — had a toy cannon stick
ing out of his coat rocket. The hospital
corps bore a stretcher— a gunny sack
slung between two broom handles— and
on it a little figure lying, covered with
the flag, with wide, bright eyes wink
ing at the sky.
Mail will be received from Honolulu on the
Bennlngton.
The Austrian Military and Benevolent Asso
ciation will hold their annual picnic at Ger
mania Garriens. Presidio, to-day for the beneilt
of the Red Cross Society.
The hospitality committee entertained this
morning 100 recruits, 28 from Oregon, 45 from
Washington in charge of Corporal R. L. Ross
14 from Nebraska, and DOO more are expected
on Monday. .
Donations were received at the ferry from
Mount Eden Red Cross, Mrs. A. M. Easton.
San Mateo, Mrs. Monroe. Berkele- Deaf, Dumb
and Blind Institute, St. Nicholas, Mrs. E. \\ .
Churchill, Napa Red Gross Society and Mrs.
Walker. .
The ladies of the Christian Work Society who
have charge of the writing tent in the Wyoming
Battalion wish to express their thanks to
Major F M. Foote, Captain J. D. O'Brien, Dr.
Morrison. Captain T. Miller and the other offi
cers of the battalion for their great courtesy
and uniform kindness.
Colonel Mcßeeve of the crack Minnesota Kegi
ment acknowledge" the -work of the society in
the following communication:
C \MP MERRITT, San Francisco, June 24.
Mrs. John F. Merrill. President Red Cross
Socity, San Francisco, Cal.— My Dear Madam:
I beg leave to acknowledge receipt, through our
Quartermaster, on board the steamer City of
Para thirty-three boxes containing necessities
and delicacies for the use of our enlisted men
on the voyage tn Manila.
This very handsome donation, so entirely un
expected by us, adds but another to the many
obligations under which we rest to your noble
society for your Intelligent and unremitting at
tentions to the wants and comforts of our regi
ment ever since we have been in your midst.
Cordially yours, C. McREEVE,
Colonel Commanding.
Donations of postals have been received from
Mr*. Aster Sperry, Mrs. G. H. Folsom, Mrs.
Blanchard. Mrs. A. W. Scott, Mrs. L. H.
Allyne and Dorothy Tuttle. Miss Burke, chair
man of the committee, reports that she has
given out 10,316 postals.
The following donations received yesterday
raised the fund to $47,039 22: Dramatic enter
tainment managed by the Misses Cunning and
Mornn *9 2.v W. W. Walton, two monthly sub
scriptions. $5; Mrs. C. E. Wallace, $1; Mrs H.
W Goddone, Portland, SI; Richmond School,
$2- Willie Kacinsky (additional subscription),
$5 20; California Chapter, D. A. R., So; pro
ceeds of fair given by Merry and Nettie Noyes,
$51; memberships, $3; collected by N. Schles
singer, $21; totaJ. $47,039 22.
It is suggested that all auxiliaries through
out the State having sent donations direct to
camp and who -wish attenelon called to their
generous deeds, send to the secretary of the
State department a concise report bef6re
Wednesday, co that It can be included in those
to be read at the big public meeting on the
30th of this month.
The society wishes to express Its thanks to
Mr. Allen of the Press Clipping Bureau for
his kindness in sending newspaper clippings of
work being done by the society.
Mrs. Reinsteln, chairman of the sewing de
partment at 16 Post street, has been actively
engaged in superintending the large amount
of work handled by her Targe corps of work
ers. She has been ably assisted Miss Hor
ton.
THE DRUIDS.
The ball that was given last Wednes
day In California Hall to the grand offi
cers and representatives to the Grand
Grove was in every way a great suc
cess. The hall was crowded to its ut
most, and at times there was not room
enough for the dancers. The following
named constituted the committee of ar
rangements: H. D. Menke, P. A., presi
dent: C. Lester, P. A., vice-president; F.
E. Caler, P. A., secretary; L- G. Schord,
P. S. A., treasurer; Mrs. G. Williams,
P. A. D.; Mrs. J. D. Fraser, P. A. D.;
Mrs. C. Johnson, J. E. Mehler, P. A.; F.
Hock, P. A.; C. Quast, P. A.; L. Palmer,
P. A.; A. Ewald, P. A.; H. A. Huf
schmidt, P. A.: J. L. Godeau, P. A.; J.
L. Contat, P. A.; E. G. Meyer, P. A.; G.
L. Keller, P. A.; C. Kl.K 1 . Mollnari, P. A.;
Henry A. Chase; P. N. G. A.; H. Ment
zer, P. A.; J. F. Rossi, P. A.; J. F. Mar
tinoni, P. A.; M. P. Botelho, P. A.; C.
Bettencourt, P. A.; G. Raggl, P. A.; J.
Valenti, P. A.; P. Milloglav, P. A.; J.
Bogisich. J. Genocchio, R. C. Kelly, P.
A.; Dr. E. N. Torelo, P. A.; G. Gugllel
moni, P. A.; D. Cereghino, P. A.; S. J.
Rossi, J. B. Hobs, P. C. D.; J. J. Molli
son, P. C. D.: J. Gosch, P. A. D.; P. F.
Mondragon, P. A. D.
BY ALICE RIX
"What's the matter with the boy on
th<» stretcher?" asked a woman com
ing to the curb.
"Nuthin's the matter with "urn."
"Oh! You're only playing."
"We ain't playin'."
"No?"
"We're drillin'. That feller's drillin'
dead an' wounded."
"Oh!" said the woman sharply. "He's
too heavy for you to carry."
"We four's drillin' to carry."
The sun was very hot. The Captain
of the Rag Tags mopped his face with
the back of his hand and left a grimy
streak to mark the spot. The drummer
shifted the strap about his neck. The
hospital corps lifted and sank shoul
ders wearily under the strain.
"Put that child down!" said the
woman on the curb, impatiently. The
Captain of the Rag Tags eyed her with
disfavor. "Soldiers don't do such silly
things," she went on. "They know how
to take care of themselves in hot
weather."
PINE CANYON'S
YOUNG THUG
Eight - Year - Old Child
Under Arrest.
IS A BURGLAR AND FIREBUG
CAUSED THE DESTRUCTION OF
A RESIDENCE.
Stole a Rifle and Shot at Passers-By
to Get Into Practice
for a Deer
Hunt.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SALINAS, June 25.— For some months
past residents of Pine Canyon, near
King City, have been complaining that
houses were nightly entered and robbed
of sugar, fruits, etc. Of late houses
were eefe afire, and barns and put
houses burned. Suspicion pointed to a
little boy not yet 9 years old, named
Leopold Ortiz, and a full investigation
has proved him guilty.
Last week the house of Frank Hoover
was destroyed by fire after having been
robbed. Hugh Ulrey of King City
swore to a complaint against young
Ortiz and a constable started in search
of the culprit, but the little fellow had
fled. After a search of twenty-four
hours he was found hidden in some
brush. When arrested the lad, who
takes great delight in boasting of his
crimes, made a full confession of sev
eral burglaries and of having fired
Hoover's and other houses. He said
he stole a rifle from one cabin and shot
at people who passed him, doing this
in the way of practice so he could be
come an expert deer hunter.
Ortiz is bright and intelligent but
very small for his age. His father
works for one Molera on the Sur
ranch and his mother lives In Pine
.Canyon. She is paralyzed and unable
to look after him. He has been left
alone and has become a veritable young
Arab. The officers here are puzzled
over the case and hold the prisoner to
await further developments.
IN LONG'S DEFENSE.
Hugh Craig Tells of What the
Quartermaster Is Doing.
President Hugh Craig of the Chamber
of Commerce states that he and A. A.
"Watkins, president of the San Francisco
Board of Trade, have made an Investi
gation Into the charges that Major Long
of the quartermaster's department of this
city Is purposely letting contracts for the
making of soldiers' clothes to firms em
ploying Chinese. They are convinced that
"Drop de kid," said the Captain,
touched in his military pride. "You'se
hospital corpse at ease!"
The dead and wounded was rolled un
ceremoniously out of a profound, open
eyed slumber and dumped on the bak
ing curb. He rose resentfully.
"What's de matter wid you, Jakie?"
inquired the Captain.
'Xuthin'. I'm hot."
"This is ice cream to what you'll, get
in Manila," said a man in the crowd
facetiously.
The woman on the curb gave a little
start. "Wouldn't you boys like some
ice cream?" she said looking at the
Captain.
The Rag Tags came to attention like
a squad of regulars.
"Come on!" she said, c arting down
the block.
They broke ranks and followed her
with a rush. The crowd followed them
to the confectioner's door. Inside, the
Rag Tags stood in expectant joy before
the tables.
the major is acting in good faith with the
people and the department and that he is
doing much for the benefit of the city and
coast. AH of the contracts entered into
by the officer and the contractors specify
that no Chinese labor shall be employed,
and a break in this particular will result
in the cancellation of the contract. Major
Long, Mr. Craig says, has already broken
several contracts where he was satisfied
that the contractor had violated his
agreement by employing Chinese.
Mr. Craig said that the only reason why
he became identified in this discussion was
in the interests of the city, which has,
through the efforts of Major Long, dis
posed of $750,000 worth of food and other
supplies for the equipment of the soldiers.
By the end of this month about $750,000
more will be paid out here by the Govern
ment for charters and equipments for the
ships. Mr. Craig said: "I Wave seen some
correspondence from Washington compli
menting the department here for the
speed with which it equipped the soldiers
who have left this State for foreign coun
tries. The quality of the goods sold and
the time in getting the same into use was
ahead of anything in the Bast. This hag
so pleased the department officials that
they have sent two officers from the army
to this city to learn how it was done.
Theso officers are from Tampa, and their
instructions are to take a lesson
from the Department of San Fran
cisco in expedition; also to learn if
San Francisco can be depended upon for
equipping an almost unlimited number of
troops. Major Long, in answer, has tele
graphed that all the supplies necessary
can lie obtained here. This means much
to this city, and it is very bad taste to
begin killing the bird that lays the golden
egg."
Mr. Craig says that Major Long has
not the time to go hunting around to find
out if the contractors for the soldiers'
clothes are employing Chinese help, but
if he learns of such violations he will put
a stop to the work at once.
MAJOR LONG AGAIN
ON THE GRILL
LABOR COUNCIL TAKES TFB THE
UNIFORM QUESTION.
Letters Will Be Sent to Washington
Calling Official Attention to the
Facts of the Case.
Quartermaster Long, the officer who is
credited with having given soldier uni
forms to the Chinese for manufacture and
insulted white women who applied for
work, received a grilling at the Labor
Council meeting on Friday, in comparison
with which the outer atmosphere was
colder that a Klondike Christmas.
After more or less desultory conversa
tion, in the course of which the Major
was called several things which would not
look well In print, J. K. Phillips moved
that "all the correspondence and evidence
in the possession of the council, proving
Major Long to be a cowardly liar, be for
warded at once to the proper authorities
at Washington." Other members of the
council, while agreeing that this action
was good, did not consider that it thor
oughly covered the ground. Mr. McAr
thur suggested that a mass meeting be
held which would arouse such a storm of
public sentiment that Chinese labor on
army supplies would be done away with
forever, while Mr. McAullffe thought it
would be a good plan to make a canvass
of Chinatown and see how many of the
Mongolians, "who are fighting one an
other over the profits of army supplies,
| would be willing to enlist." After con
i siderable discussion, which roused the
! council to the fever pitch of enthusiasm.
Mr. Phillips' motion was adopted, and all
i the evidence against Long will at once be
put in the hands of the proper authorities.
The Joint committee from the two cen
tral bodies recommended that a picnic be
"Sit down," -he said, glowing: with
her good deed. "Sit down anywhere."
The Captain of the Rag xgs coughed
significantly. "Side Captain!"
A taller boy crowding to a place be
side the dead and wounded looked over
his shoulder Impatient of delay.
"Lieutenant!"
A very littie boy rose from a place
already gained.
The Captain seated himself with dig
nity at a table and pushed back two
chairs from beside him— "Dis," he said,
"is de officers' mess. You'se come over
here."
The facetious man came In to see the
fun.
"When do you think your troops will
get off, Captain?"
"I dunno."
"Next transports?"
"I dunno."
"You really think you'll get there?"
"We'se '11 get dere before you'se."
The Rag Tags applauded their com
manding officer's joke like soldiers to
the service born. The facetious man
laughed good naturedly.
"Been organized long?"
"Yep."
"What do you call yourselves?"
"Rag Taps."
"Where did you get that name?"
"It wuz give to us."
"Where's your headquarters?"
"Folsom an' Alice."
"Do you have regular drill?"
"Yep."
"What time?"
"No time. We goes up to headquar
ters when we gets tro' workin* an' wait
dere till all de fellers get dere an' den
we drill. Or else we fight."
"Fight?"
"De Louisas. Dey's de udder gang.
We wuz all one gang an" one of de
Louisas he called one of us a Spaniard
and we' licked 'urn an' his friens an'
dey made up dere own gang an' we
held at Shell Mound Park on Labor day.
It is proposed to hold an open-air mass
meeting in the park during the after
noon instead of hiring a hall in the city,
as has formerly been the custom.
Trade matters generally were reported
as rather dull, particularly with the
printers, a great many of whom were
thrown out of work by the recent strike.
The musicians reported that a non-union
band was employed at the recent fight in
the pavilion, despite protests, and that
Messrs. Groom and Gibb. who represent
the National Athletic Association, had ex
pressed themselves as antagonistic to
union labor.
BELIEF FOR FORESTERS.
An Organization That Will Help
. Those of the Order Who Have
Gone to the Front.
At a meeting last night of the repre
sentatives of the local courts of Forest
ers of America and circles of the Com
panions of the Forest of America a com
mittee, appointed at a previous meeting,
presented a plan for the organization of
an association for the relief of Foresters
who are in the army and navy and their
dependents.
The plan which was adopted Is that the
association shall be known as the Be
lief Committee of the Foresters and Com
panions of America. The object is to give
to Foresters in the service of the United
States such practical assistance as they
may require before going to the front,
to help the dependents of such Foresters
in securing employment if in need of such
while the head of the family is at the
place of duty, and to aid those who may
be, by reason of sickness, unable to earn
a livelihood. Each court and circle will
be asked to contribute the sum of $5 as
a fund for a beginning, and every mem
ber of the order shall be eligible to mem
bership on payment of an enrollment fee
of 25 cents and the payment of 10 cents
per month during the continuance of the
war. The courts and circles that contrib
ute the sum of $5 will be entitled to send
three delegates, who shall constitute the
supervisory board.
Julius L. Wildy offered to print the cir
culars of information to be sent to each
court and circle, and these will be sent
out this weeK.
Mrs. E. W. Haughy of Inter Tsios Circle
was elected secretary, and after the ob
jects of the new organization had been
fully explained an adjournment was taken
until next Friday night in the Alcazar
building.
ORDER OF PENDO.
Cascade Council was organized at Spo- |
kane, Wash., June 7 with eighty-one
charter members by Deputy Supreme
Councilor C. D. Tower.
Supreme Organizer P. A. McPherson
Instituted Crockett Council at Crockett,
Contra Costa County, with twenty-seven |
charter members. I. M. Perrin Is the !
councilor and Kitty Waters the secre- I
tary.
Deputy Supreme Councilor Cressy or- !
ganlzed a council with twenty-seven I
members at Grass Valley on the 7th inst. i
Golden Star Council initiated ten can- ;
didates at its last held meeting and Gol- !
den Gate Council will Initiate several at
its next meeting.
At the meeting of Golden Gate Council j
held last Monday the following named of
ficers were elected for the ensuing term:
George Waterman, P. C. ; John J. Swan
son, C; M. C. Richardson, V. C-; W. T. ;
Jones, Secretary; A. J. Colby. T.; E. T.
Siddall, C; H. E. Morsell, G.: Oswald
Munson, W. ; O. Hawkens, sentinel. This
council has appointed a committee to ar- j
range for a public entertainment In the
near future.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE OF THE ELKS.
Stuart S. Harvey, esteemed leading
knight of Golden Gate Lodge No. 6,
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks
of America (incorporated), having en
cleaned 'em out oust an It took 'en*
free weeks to reorganize. Dey smash
ed our canteens fer us yesterday, all
excep' mine, an' we got in an' tore dera
uniforms off 'em las' night an' bo dey
ain't out to-day."
"Do you always turn out?"
"We meets everythin' dat cornea to
de town an' escorts 'em out. We wua
down to escort Gen'ral Merritt yester
day when he moved his headquarters
from de Phelan Buildin' to de Palace
Hotel. We lined up an* giv' him de
salute an' he giv' it back to us."
"Have some more ice cream?" asked
the woman, jealously crowding tha
facetious man. "Or some candy?"
"Yes'm."
"Yes'm which? Both?"
The Rag Tags hung their heads. Tha
side Captain licked his saucer.
Down the street, in through the door,
called the herald notes of the coming
band.
The Captain of the Rag Tags cocked
an ear.
The next strain sounded far, faint
and clear,
"Three cheers for tha red, white and bluet"
"Here you'se," said the Captain.
"Where's de band? Where's de stretch
er? You'se hospital corpse attention!
Get on to de stretcher! Here you'se!
lemme get outside first. Attention!
Fall in! Right face! Forward! March!"
Music To-Day at the Park.
The Park Band will render the following to
day:
Overture, ' 'Tannhauser* ' w a pner
"Waltz, ' 'Temptation." Bolognesl
Song. "Marching to Cuba" Josle M.Galloway
Selection, "Fatlnitza" Suppe
"Tone Pictures of the North and South". Bendix
Descriptive military scene, "A Day in a
Garrison" Oesckle
Cornet solo, "Tramp, Tramp." ■with varia
tions performed by Mr. William Fornar
Rollinson
Selection, "The Serenade" Herbert
Burlesue fantasie on "The Arkansas Trav
eler," -with variations for all instru
ments Reeves
"Dewey's Victory March" J. Donlgan
A fake Soldier.
William Busb. who has been mas
querading in a soldier's uniform, was ar
rested on Grant avenue Friday night by
Policeman Sylvester on a charge of va
grancy. He appeared before Judge
Joachimsen yesterday and explained that
the reason he was asking people for
money was to buy a gun to shoot a Span
ish spy. When asked what company ha
belonged to he replied that he once be
longed to the hospital corps at the Pre
sidio. He was convicted and ordered to
appear for sentence to-morrow.
listed in Company M of the Fourteenth
United States Infantry, the members or
his lodge on last Friday gave him a fare
well reception in Albion Hall, Alcazar
building. It was in the nature of a stag
social under the direction of Henry H.
Davis who was master of ceremonies,
"William M. Joseph! and "Walter H. Tai
sen. There was a good attendance of tho
members to bid Harvey good-by, success
and a speedy return, and to them he de
livered a short address expressing th<»
hope that the war Is not for long and
declaring that the United States forces
will give a good account of themselves.
Then followed a varied programme that
included songs, recitations, story tejlfntf
and the imposing of fines on members
who were brought to the bar of summarj
justice by Morris Levy, the policeman,
who was during the evening required to
pay several fines himself for violations of
rules. Among those who contributed to
the entertainment of the evening were d.
Mannery, Mr. Isenberg. Fred Leigh. H.
Newhoff, Louis Woods. Harry Friedland
er, Mr. Clayton, J. Roth and many oth
ers. It was long after midnight before tha
assemblage dispersed, a^ter giving three
cheers for the esteemed leading knight
who joined the army.
« ♦ «
CATHEDRAL COUNCIL, Y. M. I.
Cathedral Council No. 59 of the Y. MI.
has elected the following officers for the
ensuing term: W. F. Humphreys, P. P.;
J. D. Mahoney, P.; C. D. McCarthy and
C. W. Keogh. V.-P's.; W. A. Hoffman, R.
S.; J. ML Hyland, F. S. ; E. L. Milan, C. .
S.; Charles Caulfleld, T. ; P. McCarthy, If
M. ; Dr. J. H. O'Connor, M. E.; Peter Mc-
Kenna, I. S. The Very Rev. Father Pen
dergast was unanimously elected chap
lain. On the 28th of July the officers will
be installed, on which occasion the mem
bers of the council will give an at horns
to their lady friends.
Carpet weaving in Persia is done exclu
sively by women.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nervous]
PEOPLE. I
r The Keeley Treatment is an J
I The Keeley Treatment is I
absolute cure for extreme |
H nervousness as well as alec a
■™. ' holism and drug addictions.
! For the overworked brain it I
I has no equal* It restores g
I For the overworked normal 8
has no equal It restores I
the patient to a normal «
! mental and physical condi^
% tion. B
I. Sand for printed matter that H
ft tells all about It. B
B THE KEELEY INSTITUTES. M
L 1170 Market St., San Francisco. r|
Wk 232 Xo. Main St, Los Angelej. m
W Fred A. Pollock. Manager. V
i j
■'■■ ■ ' :■*"— !»«■-'" ■•—!•■
■ V^^^^^B
.'■' c ; -..■■■■JAPANESE FOR
CLIPPERTON
Will Work On the Island
Guano Deposits.
HARBOR HOSPITAL WRECKED
A SCOW RAN ITS BOWSPRIT INTO
THE BUILDING.
Terry Postal Officials Angry Because
the Change of Quarters Has
Been Set for Sunday
and the 1 ourth.
Another attempt is to he made at
working the guano deposits on Clip
perton Island. This time Japanese are
f'l h * mi V oyed ' and as th ?y will work
for half the sum paid to white men a
Th C e Cc s S rV S cx P ected *™™ the venture.
,T«h S , teamer Alice Blanchard is to be
used nstead of a sailing vessel, so the
trouble which always folloWed in the
wake of a sohooner having to stand off
and on while the cargo was being put
aboard in lighters will be done away
with.
The Clipperton Island guano deposits
were worked originally by an American
syndicate, but when it tried to sell its
interests to an English concern the
Mexican Government laid claim to the
Island and sent out a gunboat, whose
captain hoisted the Mexican flag over
the "speck on the ocean." At the
time there were a number of men on
the island working the guano deposits
for the Oceanic Phosphate Company of
this city, and all the men save one
went to Mexico on the gunboat. The
solitary individual would not desert his
post and sooner than be carried away
he jumped overboard and swam back
to his island home. Now the Pacific
Islands Company, Limited, with Ma
condry & Co. as agents, has been
formed, and it is going to work the
rich piles of fertilizers on the island
for all they are worth.
In order to put the venture on as
economical a basis as possible the Pa
cific Islands Company sent to Hono
lulu for forty Japanese laborers. These
arrived on the steamer Peru last Fri
day and are now in quarantine on An
gel Island. No attempt will be made
to land them, but they will be trans
shipped to the steamer Alice Blanch
ard and sent direct to Clipperton.
The Alice Blanchard has been in all
kinds of business on the coast. She
has carried lumber from northern ports
and was in the passenger business be
tween here and Port Los Angeles. She
was in the Puget Sound trade and
when the Klondike rush was on last
year she carried gold hunters to the
far North. Lately her owners incor
porated under tbe name of the Alice
Blanchard Company, with H. Mohr as
president, and his j i;,t stroke of busi
ness was to charter the vessel to the
Pacific Islands Company.
The scow schooner John Nag-el ran
amuck yesterday and demolished one
side of the Harbor- Receiving- Hospi
tal. The tug Amelia was docking the
schooner at the \i ision street bulk
head, and as there was not room for
them both to get in the captain of the
tug gave the schooner considerable
way and then dropped her. The cap
tain of the scow figured on his anchor
holding, but It gave way and the
schooner's bowsprit crashed through
the side of the building, completely
wrecking the sleeping-room provided
for the doctors. The bedstead was
knocked over and smashed into pieces,
while a chair was turned into kind
liner wood.
The employes of Uncle Pam, whose
duties call them to labor in the branch
pnstofflee at the foot of Market street,
are anything but pleased with the
amusement laid out for them on the
el<">rious Fourth. The new quarters
for the department in th^ Union ferry
dppot nre ready and Postmaster ?*lon
taeue has designated Sunday and Mon
d.ny. July 3 and 4. as moving: days. On
the the Southern Pacific will do
business in the new building also, nnd
th^n all the old sheds that now dis
figure East street will he torn down
nnd the new ferry depot will be re
vealed in all its beauty.
The steamer Coptic went to the Mall
dock yesterday morning, but owing 1 to
the state of the tide it was late in the
afternoon before she was able to get
to the wharf. Her cabin passengers
were landed, but those in the steerage
had to go In quarantlnue to be fumi
gated. On the 21st inst., at 1:30 p. m..
in latitude 25.09 north longitude 146.34
west ("about 600 miles from Honolulu)
the transports China, Colon, Zealar.dia
arid Senator were sighted.
Th*» fruit handlers omplov^d by th»
California Transportation Company on
their river boats are still on strike.
Several of the concern's boats went out
yesterday under police surveillance.
but were short handed. They received
a full romnlpment of men at Antio^h.
Ap the rush of fruit is pro v* Ins: greater
daily the chances are that the com
pany will havo to elvf> the men the ad
vanced wap^s demanded.
French Dinner 25c.
Orange sherbet and bottle of wine. The
Ralston. 783 Market street. •
Stencil's Light Sentence.
S Stencil, convicted two weeks asm of
obtaining goods by false pretenses from
Murphy, Orant A Co., and who, at the
•ation of Mr. Grant, was given a
new trial, appeared before Judge Cook
morning for sentence. The
expressed sympathy for the wife
and family of tho prisoner, and then sen
l him to one day in the County Jail
for his offense.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, Corner Fourth.
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM— No. 7.
RAINLESS EXTRACTION!
\w\f^ °V® c Dm/c consultation free.
\t ft \vX \\ N //'v/a OUR SPECIALTY-Crown and Bridfto
Y^iv \T&>L!*mb>L Cjf> m Work and PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
Ajfr '~z. rfk <^« Tha Clinic is always aheud in Advanced
• * E^f *^x wl^>^' Dental Science. No Students Employed-
,/• - ~^~~t&j/s *'■'■■ ■*$"£. ■ . For the Next 30 Days Our Prices Will Be :
li^E^DO J^^^^Wv'^WrH^' FULL BET OF TEETH for ....$4 50 up
y^fj/^54|5P"M\ " <:: -~^^ GOLD CROWNS. 22k. 350 up
I FOR /f&J '<&&&' '-AS. YOlP^fc BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 350 up
" / ¥%?? /9 %^ '' SILVER FILLING 25c up
'a 7 vr' ?0 v \ Extracted gold filling 750 up
vyL "pi FILLED-- cleaning teeth 50c up
TEETH %Mi W crowne© / A physician Always in Attendance.
■■■*" ■ " \Ufv9 &r Krid^ework
iTITHOUT PAI'. - SKILLED OPERATORS— LADY attendant
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9a. m. to 2 p. m.
WILL FITTINGLY OBSERVE IRELAND'S CELEBRATION.
Extensive Preparations Being Made by the Promoters of the Big- Irish Fair,
Which Is to Be Held Shortly at the Pavilion.
HE Irish a- air continues to receive encouragement from its many friends
Tand well wishers, both in this country and Ireland. A large quantity of
printed matter and beautiful Irish manufactures were received yesterday at
headquarters, all these things being sent as contributions to help swell the
fund of the Celtic Union.
Manager Buckley has Just received a communication from the Interna
tional Steamship Company, setting forth that they had received a cable
from Queensnown, saying that the Irish soil and sod, carefully packed in casks,
had been shipped by steamer last Tuesday. On its arrival in Philadelphia the
Custom-house duties will be paid, and a committee appointed, consisting of Mrs.
Ellen A. Ford. of the Irish World, New York, and Mr. William Lyman, who will
see that it is placed in a special car and sent direct by the Pennsylvania Rail
way and Southern Pacific to San Francisco.
As it is expected here in about four weeks the committee on arrangements Is
to take immediate action, looking toward a proper reception of it. It was de
cided that a parade, with the different Celtic organizations and the members of
the executive committee, officials of the Irish Fair, members of the honorary Ad
visory Board In carriages, should be arranged, and that the sod should be taken
along Market street in appropriately decorated wagons to the Pavilion. It will
be stored in the annex of the Pavilion, which has been rented by the Jirish
Fair management, until the week of "he opening, when it will be placed on the to
pographical map of Ireland in the balcony with appropriate ceremonies. Instead
of having a day parade it has been suggested and will be adopted that the pa
rade be given at night, with red, white and blue and green lights burned along
the rou!i-.
OAKLANDS
DEFEATED
Sand Crabs With Luck
Beat Them.
IT TOOK TEN HARD INNINGS
STUPID WORK CHARACTERIZES
OAKLANDS' PLAY.
The Game Was Very Interesting and
Had It Not Been for Errors
and Stupidity Oakland
Would Have Won.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Yesterday's game at Recreation Park be
tween the Sand Crabs and Oaklands was,
from a spectator's standpoint, a very
good and interesting one. It took just
J ten innings of long drawn out playing to
. decide the winner, which honor fell to the
; Sand Crabs by a score of 8 to 6. They
deserve an unlimited amount of credit for
the game, uphill light they made, with
I defeat staring them in the face at al
! most every step: yet the fact that the
game was in reality won through the
stupid playing of a few of those Oak
land stars is very difficult to overlook.
Some of their mistakes, which occurred
at most critical stages of the game, were
really unpardonable, especially the very
stupid work of Mr. Sykes, who, if he had
caught either one of Arrellane's flies in
the eighth inning, would have won the
game for the Oaklands. It is very sel
dom that three different opportunities are
i offered to retire a man, yet such was the
case with.Arrellanes in the ninth inning
yesterday. He was the first man to bat
in the ninth inning, and one run was ne
cessary to tie the score. His first at
tempt to- knock the cover off Mr. Moskl
man's shoots resulted in a fly ball, which
fell to the ground untoucned, despite the
fact that Sykes stood waiting for it. He
resumed hostilities with no better luck,
another fly ball going into Sykes' terri
tory; but this time the lanky Sykes made
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
not even an attempt to capture the ball, ,
wnich would have been an easy play for
him had he but tried. Donovan came all :
the way in from right field and almost
caught it, which fact had a tendency to
make the play appear much Bimpler than
it way. This was the second chance of
fered to retire this lucky fellow, but fate
decreed it otherwise, for on his next at
tempt he hit a fly square into Donovan's
s and the "dear boy" gracefully
dropped it.
Tins chap Arrellanes afterward scored '<
with two men out and his run tied the ;
Therefore, Sykes and Donovan i
had a great deal to do with the defeat '
of their team, yet they were not tne'only i
offenders. O'Neil, Moskiman and
Schmeer each had an error, and they
were errors that were of the miserable
order, coming as they did In the last in
ning. Had they been less conspicuous i
Santa Cruz never would have scored in j
that inning, and there is no telling but
that the game might have been finished
by lamplight.
The account of the last Inning, owing
to its sensational finish, will no doubt be
interesting. McGrath, the first man up,
hit an easy grounder to O'Neil, who fum
bled, and the runner was easily safe.
Burge then hit to Moskiman, who threw
beautifully to second, and Schmeer
dropped the throw, at the same time put
ting aside a chance for a double play.
Then Daubenbis hit a pop fly to Sykes
and was out. Up to this moment the side
should have been retired, but baseba'l is
a peculiar game, and evidently Moski
man was laboring under such an impres
sion, for the next ball he delivered went
clear to the grand stand, and the runners
naturally advanced. Then came that Icl
low Arrc.anes, whom Providence had
been so kind to the inning previous. He
cracks out a clean hit to right center and
one run crosses the plate. He then si irt
ed for second. O'Neil intercepted the
throw down and in his anxiety to pre
vent the man on third from scoring threw
wild to the plate, making his second er
ror of the inning. This ended the run
getting for both sides, as Oakland c.«uid
do nothing in its half of the tenth, so
the game was, therefore, turned over to
the Sand Crabs.
It will be readily seen that they were
unreasonably fortunate in coming out
victorious, but they should be compli
mented for their unceasing efforts, a
characteristic of the team greatly ad
mired.
A decided Improvement was noticeable
in their play, both at bat and on the i
bases, which no doubt results from daily ;
practice. Mr. Balsz, who occupied the
pitcher's box, also gave evidence of prac
tice. His tossing of the ball underhand
to first base on one occasion was much
admired by yours truly, for it demon
strates that a pitcher realizes what he Is
doing, and Mr. Baisz, on a play of this
nature, has very often given the opposite
impression. All through the game he was
very ■teadjr, and after the first three in
nings pitched masterly ball.
His opponent, however, was very ec
centric, ;nid pays entirely too much at
tention to base runners. This accounts
for his wildness, no doubt, and 1 would
advise him to let a runner on second
hasp, with two men out, do as he
pleases. By this I mean, look ac him
only occasionally, as it takes but a
glance to disconcert him. The batter is
the man you want in such a case, and
give him your uninterrupted attention.
The star play of the game was made
by Mr. Devereaux. who after a hard run,
captured a fly ball with one hand, much
to the delight of those present. The
catch was remarkable when one consid
ers that Bill took his eyes off the sphere,
thinking another player was going to
take it, and on realizing his mistake,
stuck out one hand, catching the ball
about a foot and a half from the ground.
Outside of this one play the game was
devoid of brilliant plays, unless it be Mr.
Hardies unsuccessful efforts in center
field. His judgment of line hits certainly
will never bring any medals, but Lou is
a good old soul, and he made a hit, so let
us live in the expectation that he will
some day go through a. game without
serious Injury to his mental faculties. A
rapid decay is bound to set In, Lou, if
you don't display a little more energy.
The score is as follows:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Williams, a. s 3 0 0 v 1 4 l
Mclntyre, 1. t 4 10 0 0 0 0
Strieb, 1 b 4 1 2 1 15 0 0
Devereaux, 3 b 4 1 2 0 2 3 1
McGrath, r. f 3 3 0 0 10 0
Burge, c. f 6 1116 0 0
C. Daubenbis, c 5 0 10 12 0
Arrellanes, 2 b 5 1 3 1 4 6 2
Balsz, p 6 0 10 14 0
Totals 3S 8 10 8 30 18 4
Some of the large newspaper publishing houses of Ireland are arranging for
a large booth to be known as the Irish newspaper booth. They will send
special editions of their papers to be distributed and sold for the benefit of the
fund. The Freeman is taking the lead in this arrangement.
It was decided to build a round tower, as being the best Illustration of Irish
architecture, and the famous tower at Kells, on the line of the Great Northern
Railway, was chosen, as being one of the best specimens. It will be reproduced
In exact facsimile on the main floor near the band stand.
Invitations were extended to Messrs. R. P. Doolan, P. J. Healy and Joseph M.
Cummings of the Mechanics' Institute to serve on one of the entertainment com
mittees.
Captain Casey of the Knights of the Red Branch was present as a delegate
from that organization, with power to arrange for floor space, whereon they ex
pect to erect a beautiful booth which will be one of the most attractive In tho
fair. A plan and sketch for the same Is being prepared by Architect W. M.
Campbell, who has charge of the decorations and booth building of the fair.
Among those who have recently been placed on the Honorary Advisory
Board are Governor James H. Budd, Messrs. John Rooney, Frank Schill
ing. O. M. r.rennan, P. J. Cormick. Alfred Tobin, James Costello, Captain T. P.
Crowley, J. C. Gorman, J. J. Barrett, Hon. T. B. McFarland, John P. Gallagher,
J. C. Murphy and Hon. A. B. McGuire.
It was decided to hold a meeting of the Honorary Advisory Board at tha Oo
cidental Hotel this coming "Wednesday evening, and a general meeting of all
ladies interested in the Irish Fair for one week from Wednesday night.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, r. f 5 1 0 1 2 2 2
O'Neil, 2 b 5 0 0 0 4 8 2
Lange, 3 b 5 110 2 10
Harciie. c. I 4 0 3 0 2 10
Sullivan, c 4 10 13 3 1
Schr.ieer. s. s 5 0 112 2 1
Sykes, 1 b 5 2 2 2 14 0 0
Dean, 1. f S 1 2 0 0 0 0
ian, it 3 0 10 14 0
Totals 41 6 10 5 30 21 «
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 0 111000212—8
Base hits 1 12100211 I—lo
Oakland 1 220000100—6
Base hits 1 33000021 o—lo
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Balsz, 4; Moskimp.n, 8.
Two-base hits— Moskiman, Pean. Base on
errors— Santa Cruz. 3: Oakland, 4. Bases on
Santa Cruz. 6: Oakland, 2. Left on base«
—Santa Cruz, 6: Oakland, 8. Struck out— By
Moaklmaa, 2; by BalFz, l. Hit by pitcher—
Strleb, Moskiman. Double plays— Donovan to
Sullivan to O'NeO. Wild pitches— Moskiman,
2. Time of game— 2:4s. Umpire— Smith.
«.
STOCKTONS TO-DAY.
They Will Cross Bats With
the San Francisco
Team.
The crack Stockton club will make Its
first appearance at Recreation Park since
the consolidation, and from all accounts
a good and interesting gam© will be the
order of the afternoon performance. Op
posed to these newcomers will be the San
Franciscos, and you all know what a 1a 1
great game these boys play. The line
up Is as follows:
Stockton. Positions. San Francisco.
Peters Catcher. . . . .. ... Hammond
Whalen.... Pitcher Knell
Selna First base Murphy
Smith ....Second base. Dunleavy
Starkey Third base Collins
Billings ....Shortstop H. Krugr
Mueller .Left Held ....Shea
White... .....Center He1d..... Pyn<3
Rice Right field ..Heardy
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It Pays to Cure the People.
At least this has been the experience of the English and German Expert
Specialists of 731 Market street, San Francisco. These doctors have dem-
onstrated the truth of this theory to their entire satisfaction during the
last twenty-six years. When a man or woman is cured of an ailment
— — ■. — : —. , ■ — they do not hesitate to spread 'the
/^" B^^\ JSSSbtk. good news. Now and then a doc-
L±es* jjujfc £*&* x^ • or will, insult your intelligence by
\<j Ml fawlL fa blandly informing you that he is not
*$^tJsff' ifx?" 1/ • working for money. With the Eng-
jj&MgisP^ Ysh& / '' sn and German Expert Specialists,
!o?\*iarr^?y '^lo%^^ jf^ jL. 'however, it is quite different. They
' I Eg/ of - S\s%~KJffi^ want money, but prefer to make it
I^^^-^J V: by ■: curing" a thousand patients
fP^k'^ <^^^. at a moderate price than by
\\ *&&!& If "^1 treating" a hundred at an ex-
"^ . A^s^^jK, ? £5} "ESS* llf^ orbitant price. The members of
\ : <?J?S*Vi sf^vS^'vi 7- ' ■■' ■ ± ' c s * a^ °^ n ' s prosperous institu- '
I^'^KEr * ]^fi^s»v *' on have man advantages over all ;
AS^ffi* ■ W$lMI/ X other - doctors on the Pacific Coast.
S a'Pj/^s' l \Wf^ ~^° '' commence with, nature has.
— — — — — ■ ;; — — — ' endowed them with the gifts which
make physicians famous, while each has been carefully trained in the work of
a specialist since they graduated. Everything in the way of remedies, appli-
ances, ample quarters and general equipment is also at their command.
v. . CONSULTATION FREE .. .
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS,
: 731 MARKET ST., BAN FRANCISCO. . Honra-8 to 12, Ito 5 daily ; evening! 7to 8 ; Sundays 9to 11
LINTON BEATS TITUS.
Lowers a World's Record Recently
Made by Eddie McDuffle.
NEW YORK, June 25.— The twenty
mile paced race at Manhattan Beach
! track to-day between Tom Linton of
j "Wales and F. J. Titus Qf New York was
I won by Linton, who took the lead after
the first lap. Linton rode a record-break
ing race. He finished the eighteenth
mile in 32:25, just 3 3-5 seconds better than
i the world'B record, made by M^Duffie last
I week, and he finished in 36:59 4-5, which
is 18 5-6 seconds better than the record
made by McDuffle for twenty miles.
Titus was five-sixths of a mile behind
! at the finish.
Irvington Park Winners.
PORTLAND, Or., June 25.— Results at
Irvington;
The 2:16 pace — Deceiver won, Alta sec
ond, Grade H third. Best time, 2:19.
Running, five furlongs — Jim Brownell
won. La France second. Red Spinner
third. Time, 1:04.
Running, six furlongs — Soscol won,
Howard second, St. Apollo third. Time,
1:17.
Running, mile and an eighth, hurdles—
Alcatraz won. Miss Reinsen second
I Tennessee Maid Ftiird. Time. 2:12.
In the six furlong race The Dragon
: stumbled and fell against the fence,
i breaking his neck. The horse was owned
by F. Hancock of San Francisco. The
jockey escaped unhurt.
Breaks a World's Record.
TRENTON. N. J., ,- June 25.— M. F.
i Sweeny, the champion high jumper, broke
the world's . record at the Catholic Club
j picnic here to-day. Sweeny cleared six
I feet six Inches, after two unsuccessful
trials. His former record was six feet
five and flve-clgthths inches. ,
*
Poisoned Her Babes.
BAKER CITY, Or., June 25. — Mrs.
Oliver Moore of Pleasant Valley, who is
Insane, yesterday poisoned her two chil
dren by putting- strychnine in the milk.
The six-year-old girl died In terrible
agony, but the four-year-old boy, who did
not drink so freely, may recover. The
unfortunate woman confessed that she
had planned to kill the children and then
commit suicide.
SAN RAFAEL PAPER CHASE.
Peter A. Ilnigun Jr. the Winner of
the Silver Cup.
SAN RAFAEL, June 25.— The second
paper chase of the season was contested
to-day by the San Rafael Hunt Club.
Louis Hughes acted as the hare, and Dr.
H. O. Howitt, Peter A. Finigan Jr., E.
M. Greenway, Ahem Folger, Mr. O'Con
nor, Baron yon Schroeder and Baron
Alex yon Schroeder were the hounds
T, T J ie , s l. art **5 made from the Hotel
Rafael shortly after 4 p. m. and a straight
course taken out Petaluma avenue toward
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
Ha+H+a+ffl+E+a+H+H+H+E+B+S+B+a+n+B+H+H+H+H+W
VI III/1 l rilllkJ
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Cloak and Suit Department!
Our Regular Clearance Sale Continues with GREAT SUCCESS.
HONEST REDUCTIONS AND RELIABLE GOODS ARE CERTAINLY
APPRECIATED.
'v; WE HAVE REDUCED OUR
TAN COVERT CLOTH SUITS, tailor-made. Jacket silk lined, to 920.00
TAN COVERT CLOTH, separate Jackets, all silk lined, to .... 10.50
BLACK AND NAVY SERGE SUITS, tailor-made, skirt and
Jacket silk lined, t0.... 20.00
BLACK AND NAVY CLAY WORSTED JACKET, all silk lined.
to 10.50
NAVY, BROWN AND BLACK SERGE RUSSIAN BLOUSE
SUIT, handsomely braided, to.. 12.00
FINEST ALL-WOOL NOVELTY CLOTH DRESS SKIRTS, to.. 6.50
ALL PIQUE SUITS and ORGANDIE DRESSES are reduced to cost
price. ; .;- -
IMPORTED FANCY COSTUMES greatly reduced.
Country orders carefully and promptly attended to.
CLOAK AND SUIT DEPARTMENT,
MILLINERY DEPARTMENT,
. LINGERIE DEPARTMENT
- ;^'^-:- ; and CURTAIN DEPARTMENT
ON SECOND FLOOR.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST Of
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIHI
All Wool Suits to &\f) t0 Cot
Order from $ I xo 4>oo
Pants from ... $4toslo4 to $l0
, 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St..
11 10 and 1 1 12 Market St. San Francisco.
d^r7 K. For 4 Rooms
q)lu Furniture,
CONSISTING
PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-
ROOM AND KITCHEN.
Extension Tables £4.00
Carpets 40c
Combination Bookcases $6.00
Goods sold on easy payments. Catalogues
mailed free. Free Deliver- across the bay.
T. BRILLIANT,
Telephone Main 1850. 338 and 340 Pott Street. '
~~ WONG WOO,
r^Stf CHINESE TEA AND HERB
fef J SANITARIUM,
«£^X 764-66 CLAY ST., San Francisco, o&l
-jaJ^fWJdtflOaM All diseases cured exclusive-
*MiPaF'' HS* by Chinese herbs, over 3000
rIfJV <'•¥.'» varieties being used. ADVICH
FREE. Hours, 9:30 to 11 «,. m., 1 to S and Ito
8 p. m.
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown 931,
Residence, S2l California street. below
Powell. San Francisco.
— " " Mil ",r^
Face to Face
The pleasure of a confidential chat
t is doubled by the sweet breath that
goes with a well-ordered system,;
And that is always insured by
Sweet breath, bright eye, RIPANS • TABULES
clear complexion, . . . . . '■}
RIPANS • TABULES
Amw ftyl* packet containing txit bimns taxtxss in a paper carton (without giajtf) to now ror MM mmm
#ro«»tore»-TO» «v» cbjtw. I his low-prlcod gort hlctenaed for tiie poor unrttii* economical. Onadi
at tue avo-CAnt carton* (ISO iUjuluj) can be tad by mail by tending forty-eight oenta to tint Kir Am dmaolS
Smcavy.^o. i» Sjpruc* Btmit, Mew ToOt-ora niiuda carton in* tABVieS will be seat fw art e^Bk^
Porto Sello. Several blind scents added
zest to the chase, and a hot finish was
made a few miles north of town. Peter
A. Finigan Jr. was first to finish and took
the silver cup offered as a prize by tn»
club.
FIRE AT DAVISVUiLB.
Children Cause the Destruction of
the Lillard Hotel.
DAVISVILLE, June 25.— Fir© this after
noon destroyed th« Lillard Hotel. The
blaze was caused by children playing
with firecrackers. The loss of J. L. Mai
tin, the lessee of the- hotel, is about $Id,ooo.
He had no insurance. The building was
valued at about $7000 and was partially
insured. A fire engine with two tanka
wa dispatches from Sacramento and
arrived in time to prevent a spreading or
the flames.
Advances made on furniture and pla.no*. With
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
STEP IN
And have your spectacles or eye-glasse. ad-
justed If they don't feel comfortable. No
charge.
Should you wish a change In frame or
ruards. we have all the latest Improve-
ments.
OPT«C.ANS< MT^WUS.
642 Market st. instruments
'*unOCR CHOniClt CUilOiNb '
IRI_ Cilcheatert EasUak Dlamrad Brm>«. -- !
f EHNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
wffi["~;v Original »nd Only Geaalno. A.
f/(fk\!\ D*"' *'""' reli»bl«. ladies k^\
iuvA * *i*"*> Drl: 'Sl»t for Chiches-.ert Enqiu\ Dia-Jgn\
ft* ->&''&r-?SS'nontl Srini in tted and Gold uttiillcVW
Jte\ S~- > Br2 !)os "' »'»lod with bine ribbon. T«ke^^
7?1 Wi t-Vjno other. Itefuie dangerous §übititu- V
I / ' fiftionM and imitation: At Drngfisn, or wad 4a.
m t?m *??sf . J>» rt)<!nl »''«. ttjtimonl»li &n4
— \. _ ffi. MalL lO.OOOTntimonltli. jTm. Pajtr.
fcl* by «U Local Drnssisu. Pini.ADAi,F7
Baja California
D AMI AN A BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and speclflo tonla
for the sexual and urinary organs of botlt
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
lnvigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary
NABER. ALPS & BRUNE. Agents.
123 Market Stieet. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.*
S-gfgDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
■Afini I Five hundred reward for any cas«
lT M •** > we cannot cure. This secret remedy
1^ ■ stops all losses In 24 hours, cure*
£1 ■ Emissions. Impotency, Varlcocele.,
IJiVI Evllll Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits. Strictures.
UJ^J XX, Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
rajfj fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
KSBssSSi sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, {5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Alia
for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. AH pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
■■- - ■
910
PATRIOTISM
OF PEOPLE
OF IRELAND
Shown by Celebration
in County Wexford.
SCENES ON VINEGAR HILL
NOT SINCE 1798 HAS THERE
BEEN SUCH A SIGHT.
J. J. Clancy, The Call's Special Corre
spondent, Describes the Demon
stration and Gives Other
Interesting News.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
DUBLIN, June 4.— The '98 celebration
of last Sunday In the County of Wex
ford was an affair of no ordinary mag
nitude. This was to be expected. The
insurrection of a hundred years ago
was chiefly the work of the men of
Wexford, and the principal fight of the
campaign was that at Vinegar Kill, a
moderate-sized eminence outside the
town of Ennisworthy. Vinegar Hill was
the scene of the demonstration to which
I refer, and not since 1798 has there
been seen such a sight as that of the
thousands of people who crept up its
sides on Sunday from all quarters, ac
companied by hands and banners and
headed by politicians representing all
the nationalist political parties in Ire
land. The scene has not been described
in the English press, but that fact is
nothing unusual. The idea prevails in
England that, if only an Irish national
movement is not noticed as it pro
gresses, in the English press, the move
ment will simply die and leave no re
sults behind. Experience, it is true,
does not bear out this theory, but that
fact does not matter. Events of im
portance in Ireland are nevertheless
kept from the knowledge of the Eng
lish public, with the result that that
public is greatly surprised when dis
agreeable things happen which are in
natural sequence from what has been
suppressed. 1 do not say or hint that a
fresh insurrection is to flow from the
Vinegar Hill meeting: but that demon
stration does unmistakably show that
the Wexford people are as hostile to
British rule as their forefathers were
in 1798, and that only tne opportunity
is wanting to make that fact as clear
as daylight. I may add that the chief
figure at Vinegar Hill on Sunday was
John Redmond, M. P. He not only
made the best speech of the day but he
got the be.-t reception— which is some
what significant, seeing lhat the Coun
ty of Wexford, as a whole, has appear
ed at least to be anti-Parnellite since
1830.
The local government bill for Ireland,
about which I have already written so
often being now virtually law, people
are beginning to turn their attention as
to the use to be made of it. Mr. Red
mond, the leader of the Independent
party, has spoken on the subject dur
ing the past few days and what he said
has attracted very general attention.
He takes the view that the measure
of reform now about to be enacted maj
or may not be made a stepping stone
to a full measure of national self-gov
ernment aecoiding to the results of the
present experiment. If the mass of the
people to whom the business of manag
ing their own local affairs is now to be
entrusted boycott the Irish minority
because of their past political record
and exclude all representatives of that
party from all the new elective bodies
the inference in England and among
the Irish minority will be that the very
same boycotting would prevail under
home rule, and the determination to re
sist home rule will be strengthened in
both quarters. If, on the other hand,
the mass of the people have the wis
dom and generosity to wipe out old
scores and let bygones be bygones, it
is only natural to suppose that the just
minority will be compelled to see that
they would be as well off under home
rule as they are now. if not better off,
and that the best thing they could do
would be to cast in their lot with their
follow countrymen for the attainment
of home rule. Holding these view? Mr.
Redmond has publicly advised the peo
ple to elect members of the minority
wherever they can to the new boards,
and his words have been widely quoted.
They have also been widely approved,
though not by the journals which rep
resent the majority of the Irish mem
bers. Of course, it remains to be seen
whether, if the policy of Mr. Redmond
be carried out, the result would be such
as he expects. On this point time must
pronounce; but at present one thing is
certain, namely, that among the mi
nority in Ireland there is a widespread
feeling that they have been deserted by
their own friends and that they would
not lose anything by "cutting the
painter" with England. It would seem
to be but the sheerest common sense on
the part of Irish Nationalists to en
courage them to continue in this frame
of mind.
The death of Mr. Gladstone has been
followed by that of two or three men
who were, curiously enough, Ion?
mixed up with him In public and priv
ate life; but of those parsonages the
only one whose demise has any partic
ular interest for Irishmen ia that of
Lord Playfair. Dr. L,yon Playfalr, to
give him the name by which he was
best known, was chairman of commit
tees of the House of Commons in one
of the stormiest periods of the Parnell
campaign. In ordinary times, perhaps,
he would have been very well suited
for such a position, for he was a man
of capacity and learning, but the times
were not ordinary. Parnell and his
lieutenants wore "on the rampage,"
and almost the last man who ought,
from the English point of view, to have
been selected to preside over the House
of Commons "In committee" was a
grave-visaged, middle aged, professor
like gentleman with spectacles, whnsr>
traditions were thosp of the peaceful
times of the past, who sought to act
only In accordance with tradition, and
who was certain to do something fool
ish In presence of a revolution. On
one occasion he at last fully justified
the anticipation of the philosophic ob
server. The House of Commons
had been kept sitting continu
ously for some twenty-four hours
by Parnell and his colleagues
During this sitting many exciting
scenes occurred, which Dr. Lyon Play
fair, who was In the chair, was utterly
unable to check. Some couple of hours
after midnight he at last retired to
rest, hoping, perhaps, but scarcely ex
pecting that the battle would be over
by the morning. It was still going
on, however, at 9 a. m., when he re
turned to his post; whereupon he took
out of his pocket a list of names of
Irish members whom he invited the
House to "suspend" for obstruction
and disorderly behavior. The mem
bers named were duly suspended and
the long Bitting thereby brought to a
close; but, unfortunately for Dr. Play
fa.tr, several of them were actually at
home or in their lodgings when they
were alleged to be obstructing. The
mistake was not very much noticed at
the time, but showing, as it did, that
the chairman had lost his head, it
eventually damaged him irretrievably.
It remains to mention, however, that
Dr. Lyon Playfair afterward became
with Gladstone a home ruler, and, un
like others who were made peers by
Mr. Gladstone, remained one even after
he had been "elevated" to the House of
Lords.
The Corporation of Dublin appointed
a deputation to attend at Mr. Glad
stone's funeral. Its action in the mat
ter has been by no means universally
approved, a majority — if not most — of
the citizens of Dublin taking the view
that nothing ought to be done
to show any disrespect to the
great Englishman's memory, but
that, on the other hand, there was
no special call on Irishmen, in view of
the tragic events of 1890, to take part
In the funeral ceremonies or in any
glorification of his career. As usual on
such occasions, the question of "prece
dence" arose — the question, namely,
whether the Lord Mayor of Dublin and
staff should or should not have prece
dence of the Lord Pr vost of Edinburgh
at Westminster. In that party this
was the subject of a fierce controversy
which was carried on for years and
reached its height on the occasion of
the marriage of the Prince of Wales
in 1863. On that occasion trie Queen ac
corded precedence to Dublin. A storm
of indignation accordingly arose in
Scotland. Soon afterward the Prince
of Wales gave precedence to Edin
burgh, whereupon the loyal Irish — for
the Dublin Corporation was not then
a national body — rose in arms in their
turn. Nothing remained to be done but
to refer the whole question to the "her
alds" of the three countries. The re
sult was rather confusing, for, while
"the Ulster King of Arms" decided in
favor of Dublin, the corresponding
Pcothch authority naturally gave his
vote to Edinburgh, ar.d, in dome ro,
was backed up by the English function
ary. The question, apparently, could
not be left in this unsatisfac
tory state, and, accordingly, the
Queen herself intervened and solemnly
referred the matter to the Privy Coun
cil, who as solemnly heard the argu
ments on both sides rravely urged and
finally decided that Dubll-. and Edin
burgh were ex equo and that they
should have precedence alternately!
And so the long war was put an end
to at last. How the point was decided
nn Saturday or whether it then arose
does not clearly appear.
All we know is that no explosion of j
temper or public calamity has super- j
vened, and we are beginning to hope j
that both "loyal" Irishmen and loyal
Scotchmen do not think so much as
they used to of absurd trifles.
For the past week we have had the j
American actress, Mrs. Brown-Potter,
playing "Charlotte Corday" here in the
Theater Royal. She has been a fair
success. Her dresses have been specially j
admired and she has explained to a
newspaper interviewer that she her
self had a good deal to do with the de
signing of them. On other points, too, i
adveb,tisem:ents.
X Youth, withjall its^easures and fire and vim, can;be'yours; J #Youth is only health; it is only fresh
young manhood. WlieTi^youriblood^is warm your nerves/ra) of fire you have youth and all the
force. that goes;\vith it3|.Tfj£ fircrorthe nerves, dimmed ssesjind neglect, can be rekindle^,
and .allthe. sparkling vitality^of youth restored/ Get back the^ld fireTthes.old vigor, and you will feel
like a young : man;again. YouNcan.do'it; 10700Q^fher mefehave, and they join in the praise of that
DR. SANDENfeEUECTJEUe BELT.
It is.a wonderful renewer of the s vlgor_of men. Its touch •is the touch of^m|gnetism. It fills the
nerves snap. It charges the body with/a grand'lforce of vitalizing energy^and^turns back^the
hand of time for men who have begun to old/brok^rij.down and feeble.-^You oughMo |eac^|he
letters from these 1 men who have found their saly^tiorPifi \\i They "are full^pf<(hppe>to trie manjwiio
ha.s begun to ■ thinjc.that his race i^run.^Dr^Sanden wiltfsjn^hemJo.yotT if you will aslc ibr|th&. ',
They are printed in his book^Thnee^jasses M Men," which Is freer 9 ** ' t^ /^
Are you -a weak man? Have you a pain anywhere? If so Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure
you. it' will restore strength" to every organ of the body, Its life-giving current removes the cause
;of all pains. Call-arid see it if you can, or get the Book-— both free*
DR, J\ 9 T\ S/\INI3E£IN« MMTnMwiraa *
_ y Dr. Banden'B Electric Belt
702 MARKET STREET, Corner Geary, San Francisco. '■ never • old >" <*rug «»tore«
, - J? fflc n e .» h ?. urfl V 8V 8 A< M> t0 8p * M<: Sunda ys. 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204% South Broadway Port- nor by traveling .gent.,
land, Or., 203 Washington Btreet; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Pallas, Jex.,.285 Main street, * *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
she was pretty communicative. She
does not like "problem" plays, it ap
pears, and she thinks that the public
do not like them either, for they are a
financial failure. "The theater," she
says "is for the young first of all, and
the young have their ideals and do not
like to see them destroyed before their
eyes by Ibsen, or Pinero, or any one
else." As to Ireland and the Irish, she
is quite in love with both, and it is a
case of love at first sight. "I like your
Irish nation," she says, "the very mo
ment I place my foot on Irish sdil. I
feel that it and the people are sympa
thetic. I understand them and like
them. They are quicker than the
English audiences, but I like the Eng
lish, too.'.' I do not mean to say or
hint that Mrs. Brown-Potter Is at all
insincere; but she certainly knows
"how to get along" all the same.
BENEFITS FROM THE
BANKRUPTCY BILL
Senator Hoar Tells of Thousands of
Persons Who May Be Aided by
the Measure.
WASHINGTON, June 25.— Senator
Hoar, chairman of the Senate Commit
tee on Judiciary, who has been urging
the enactment of a bankruptcy law for
the past fifteen years, has given out a
statement apropos of the Senate's ac
ceptance of the conference report.
Among other things he says:
The present bill Is a compromise. It will un
doubtedly be found that, in getting It through,
we hr.\e boen obliged to leave in it some crudi
ties and imperfections which must be remedied
by subsequent legislation. It is quite likely
that the lees of clerks, referees and trustees
will be found to be low. One of the great ob
jections was that under the old law the estates
were eaten up by costs, and that the creditors
got little or nothing. So we have pared to the
quick in that particular. Instead of the long
list of crimes there are only two for which
a bankrupt is to be punished— one. that of
willfully making a falsi- answer In the bank
ruptcy proceedings, the other the embezzle
ment of the property of the estate. The terms
of discharge, too, are exceedingly liberal, and
it Is provided that Carmen and wageearners
will not be the subjects of involuntary bank
ruptcy, which extends in general to merchants,
manufacturers, hankine. printers and publish
ers, etc. There are s.une possible cases of fraud
which the law will not prevent, but the ob
jection to a stricter one was so great that It
was not thought best to risk the success of this
bill by standing out for a perfect rule to be
applied to cases which would not occur once
in n thousand times.
The bill seems to me a great deal better than
that known as the Torrey bill in two parti
culars. One Is that the settlement cannot be
delayed by appeals to the Supreme Court of
the United States except in two cases, first,
where a Federal question is involved, and. see»
ond, where a decision of the Supreme Court Is
needed for uniformity of construction through
out the country. Secondly, there is a provis
ion for a summai-y application to a court of
appeal? In an Interlocutory way to correct mis
takes as the proceedings go on, instead of wait
ing until the final determination in the court
below is arrived at and then keeping the whole
••state tied up until after a final decision In
the higher court.
The bill will enable from 150.000 to 200.000
bankrupts to pet on their feet again. It will
enable manufacturers and merchants to get a
fair division of their debtors' property and will
prevent a great deal of fraud, embezzlement
and wasteful dealing with property.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. •
CHARTER FOR
LOS ANGELES
An Exciting Election in
Prospect.
TWO TICKETS NOMINATED
LIVELY CAMPAIGN NOW WELL
UNDER WAY.
League for Better City Government
Determined to Control the
£ ormation of tlie New
Laws.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 25.— This city
Is now preparing for a charter election
which is exciting considerable interest
among all classes of citizens. The char
ter under which the city at present is
operating was adopted in 1888, when
Los Angeles had about 45,000 inhabi
tants. The city now has 110,000 people
and the present charter is therefore al
together out of date.
There is no division of opinion upon
the point as to the necessity of a new
city charter, but there is some division
as to who are the proper people to
formulate the new instrument and pre
sent it to the people for their approval
or rejection.
In the early part of 1897 the Chamber
of Commerce and the League for Bet
ter City Government prepared a num
ber of amendments to the present char
ter. The City Council submitted them
to the people and they were rejected.
This adverse action on the charter
amednments was due to two reasons.
In the first place the amendments in
themselves were not altogether satis
factory and in the second place they
were drawn and largely prepared by
the League for Better City Govern
ment. The ostensible aims and objects
of this organization are highly com
mendable, but the people got the im
pression that the league was controlled
by a clique made up of a selected few
who were seeking their personal ag
grandizement under the cover of the
organization. The people thereupon
trun«d out and defeated the charter
amendments.
So when the agitation for a new char
ter was revived it was conceded that
the only way to secure anything of that
character was to have the labor of
drawing up the document performed by
duly elected representatives of the peo
ple and not by a few all-wise people
in star chamber.
A charter convention was called,
made up of delegates from the Demo
cratic, Republican, Populist and Silver
Republican parties, from the League
for Better City Government, the Cham
ber of Commerce, the Board of Trade,
the Merchants' and Manufacturers'
Association, the Council of Labor and
one or two other organizations. The
object of this conference was to secure
united action without regard to political
lines on a freeholder ticket.
The first few meetings of the confer
ence were attended by delegates from
all the organizations. The League for
Better City Government put forth a
desperate effort to capture the con
vention and failed.
At the meeting at which freeholders
were finally chosen the league was not
represented. Despite the fact that its
members claimed no party spirit would
move them in the matter of selecting
freeholders, they did not propose to
participate in any meeting to name the
freeholders which the league could not
et, selecting the following gentlemen
Labor; E. H. T. Hazard, Silver Republi
can; L. J. Mathews, Board of Trade; J.
B. Millard, Teachers' Association; M.
J. Newmark, Chamber of Commerce;
A. M. Stephens, Democrat; William Le
Moyne "Wills, Merchants' Association.
The following freeholders were named
at large, representative of the entire
city, but of no particular body of men:
Milton Carlson. E. E. Crandall. William
M. Garland, John F. Humphreys, H. T.
Lee, R. H. Variel.
At the last moment the League for
Better City Government placed a ticket
in the field, as follows: Fred Lalles, J.
D. Bicknell, Kaspare Cohn. Albert H.
Crutcher, J. H. Davidson, S. C. Dodge,
A. N. Feldschar, M. L. Graff, L. A.
Groff, George W. Knox, D. M. McGar
ry, Robert McOarvin. Octavius Morgan,
H. W. O'Melveny. Thomas Pascol and
Charles Vouden Kuhelen.
Four of the candidates on the cit
izens' non-partisan ticket were in
dorsed on the regular non-partisan
ticket, as follows: R. H. F. Variel, H.
T. Lee, M. J. Newmark and A. M.
Stephens.
None of the political parties have
placed a charter ticket in the field and
it is now too late for them to do so.
The contest will be narrowed down be
tween the two tickets named.
Good and representative men are on
both tickets, but nevertheless there
will be a warm contest at the polls on
election day.
The manipulators of the League for
Better City Government are deter
mined to be the dominating influence in
the formation of the new city charter
and to many people this will not be ac
ceptable.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
CRIMES OF
TWO BANDITS
Hold Up a Train and
Kill the Engineer.
THEN FLEE FOR SAFETY
TRACED BY BLOODHOUNDS ONE
ROBBER IS CAUGHT.
Promptly Confesses and Gives Infor
mation That Causes the Arrest
of His Daring Con
federate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, June 25.— A special to
the Post-Dispatch from Whitehall, Ill
says :
Frank Ainsworth and Bill Jackson of
Roodhouse are the men who held up the
fast express on the Chicago, Burlington
and Quincv Railroad about a mile north
of the depot here last night and killed
Engineer Fred Dempsey. A Sheriff's
posse was immediately organized and
bloodhounds belonging to P. Branzell
of this place let loose. The dogs have
trailed and captured many criminals
in this part of the country. They soon
tracked Jac) son to Roodhouse, where
he was arrested. Jackson told the
whole story ht the hold-up, and Ains
worth was aJrested a few hours later.
The train pulled out of the station
about seven minutes late, and when it
slowed up at the Chicago ard Alton
crossing it was boarded by A'nsworth
with a gun in his hand. He used the
usual tactics, crawling over the tender
and calling the engineer to throw up
his hands. Dempsey evidently did not
understand, but reversed his engine and
threw on the airbrakes. Ainsworth be
gan firing and Dempsey was shot in
the body, falling to the floor of his cab.
The fireman escaped through the front
window.
A general alarm was spread on the
train and the desperadoes fled. They
wore white masks, and as the one who
killed Dempsey left the train he fired
his gun in the air and yelled, "Come
on, Bill."
The night express is supposed to
carry a local and through safe, and the
plan evidently was to cut off the ex
press car and run ahead with it.
The Coroner's inquest was held In the
City Hall here to-day over the body of
the dead engineer. A great crowd was
in attendance and excitement ran high.
Prominent officials of the Burlington
road are in attendance upon the pro
ceedings, and no effort will be spared
by the people to bring the desperadoes
to Justice.
Close of the Directory School.
Among the most Interesting and suc
cessful commencement exercises held
within the past two weeks were thosa
arranged and rendered by the Girls' Di
rectory School on Buena Vista avenue,
under the immediate auspices of the Sis
ters. The programme began with an ad
dress in rhyme, composed and recited for
the occasion by Miss I. Loftus, and con
tinued with the following selections: Song,
"Angels Whisper," by the elocution class;
piano solo. Miss A. Dobrogoiska; recita
tion, Miss S. S. Dunn; song, "Yankee
Doodle; "Pussy's Class," Misses M. Snow
berg, E. Dyce and A. Purdy; piano solo,
"Star-Spangled Banner," Miss V. Dobro
goiska; recitation, "Spider and the Fly."
Miss F. Tschich; class song, "Paddle Your
Own Canoe"; recitation, "Pussy and the
Turtle," Misses E. Dyce and V. Dobro
goiska; piano duet. Misses Nellie Gray
and A. Dobrogoiska: recitation, "Satur
day Night," Misses C. Meyer and A. Car
roll; class song, "Freedom Forever." At
the conclusion of the exercises rewards
for scholarship were awarded, after which
refreshments were served the students.
ATTORNEY MAHONEY
FAILS TO APPEAR
LOW VACATES THE ORDER FOB
A NEW TRIAL.
He Does Not Issue a Bench Warrant
for Mahoney's Arrest but Con
tinues the Case.
Judge Low has descended from the h!gh
horse he was riding and has virtually
acknowledged that his course in the case
of attorney W. H. Mahoney, as pointed
out In The Call last Thursday, was wrong
and untenable.
Yesterday, when the case was again
called, the Judge Instructed the clerk to
the court to vacate the order granting a
new trial and ordered the defendant to
appear for sentence. The bailiff called
the names of the defendant and his at
torney, ex-Judge Ferral, in the corridor,
but each failed to show up. Policeman
"W. J. Smith, who arrested Mahoney, was
In court, and the Judge asked him what
he intended to do.
"I have nothing further to do with the
case," replied Smith. "I am not the
Judge. It is for you to do whit Is right."
The Judge adjourned court for some
minutes and went in search of Mahoney
and ex-Judge Ferral. He could find
neither, and after the business of the
court was concluded he continued Ma
honey's case till to-morrow. The Judge
did not issue a bench warrant for Ma
honey's arrest, as was the proper course,
seeing he did not consider It worth his
notire to appear in court for sentence.
Considerable curiosity is now evinced as
to what sentence the Judge will impose
upon his friend Mahoney. It is a coinci
dence that one of the jurors who convict
ed Mahoney was also arrested for ob
structing a street crossing and was con
victed and fined.FUSION LIKELY
TO BE BEATEN
Attitude of Populists in
Los Angeles.
ANTIS APPEAR TO CONTROL
WILL SWING OTHER COUNTIES
INTO LINE.
Sppclal Dispat.h to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. June 25.— The Popu
lists have held their primaries in this
county and elected delegates to a conven
tion to meet on Tuesday. This gathering
will name delegates to the Populist
State Convention, which is to convene
in Sacramento July 12.
It has all along been supposed by the
Democrats and Silver Republicans that
the Populists of Los Angeles County
were practically a unit for fusion, l'h :
serms to have been a delusion. The per
sonnel of the delegation to the county
convention forces the conclusion that the
"middle-of-the-roaders" will control, and
if they do. the death knell of fusion m
this State will be sounded.
The influence and prestige of the Los
Angeles County delegation in the Popu
list Slate Convention,, will be consider
able, inasmuch as the delegates :\om
this county will, in all probability, carry
with them the delegations from the
Southern California counties. The Demo
crats had fondly hoped the Los Angeles
County Populists would send a solid fu
sion delegation to Sacramento, and that
With all Southern California for fusion
It would be possible to arrange negotia
tions for a union with the Silver Repub
licans and themselves. But '.his, it would
BeemV is not to be, altho.;^n the Demo
crats are now working hard to procure
the passage of a strong fusion resolu
tion in the Populist County Convention
next Tuesday.
One thing is almost certain— the Popu
list County Convention will indorse Con
gressman C. A. Barlow, and will demand
his renomination. This the Democrats, as
yet, are not Willing to concede. They had
counted on giving the Congressional nom
ination this year to George S. Patton,
and until within the past twenty-four
hours it ha.- been understood Mr. Patton
earnestly desired the nomination. But
to-day Mr. Pattern positively declined to
permit his name to be considered in that
connection. The reason for this is obvi
ous. Mr. Patton. as a sensible man. real
izes that the Republican candidate for
Congress in this district is assured of a
victory by a majority that will run from
2000 to 4000 votes.
This leaves the Democrats with no can
didate for their nomination. At one time
Mayor 11. P. Snyder thought that he
would like to go to Congress, and he was
In the field for the Democratic nomina
tion, lie has withdrawn, however, and
-desires to succeed himself as Mayor.
E. M. Wardall, the chairman of the
Populist State Committee and private
secretary to Congressman Barlow, re
sides in this county. It was announced
some time ago that Mr. Barlow would
run for Congress again, whether he got
the Democratic nomination. or not. This
angered many Democrats and the dicta
torial policy pursued by the Populist
friends of Barlow created considerable
talk.
An effort will be made to have the Dem
the Democratic Coneres-
I Domination to Barlow In considera
tion of which he and his friends will go
and labor for fusion. If
such a deal is consummated it Is not like
ly t" • • ■ • ,;, sired result,
Influence with the Popu
list party throughout the State is limited.
The Los Angeles County Democrats
about arrived at {he conclusion that
ornia this year is a myth
b they n<> longer desire to chase."
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
I, ast. Monday the grand officers paid a
visit to Loyal C'ircl<\ and while it was not
an official visit, they were well received
by the membership. To-morrow night
thf>sf> officers will pay a visit to Mazzini
Circle.
Last Tuesday the grand officers ofncial
!v visited Golden Circle and witnessed
the initiation of two candidates. That
was but the third meeting of the circle
and the officers demonstrate*'! their in-
In the work by th^ perfect manner
in which th<\v performed th<-ir work.
After the ceremony there was a social
• for the entertainment of the visiting
reme Grand Chi*»f Companion Mrs.
S B person has transferred hermem
bershlp from Sherwood to Golden Circle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I+a+a+B+H+E+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+a+B+B+B+B+B+H++E+B+B+B+H+B+a+H+B+H+E+
SAN FRANCISCO AND. . . I
. . .NORTH PACIFIC RAILWAY. I
THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALIFORNIA |
****#*»* # ♦♦♦♦»♦♦ ♦*♦»♦♦♦♦*♦♦*♦♦*#**#******♦♦♦*****•*♦*** ■
SPECIAL RATES!
ON SUNDAY AND MONDAY, JULY 3d AND 4th. |
UiN Ed OIJN IxLJd r Axlli north of san rafael. . . . , ;
RETURN LIMIT TUESDAY, JULY S, 1898.
rr s r™r. E : s .T Thursday, june 30th, to Saturday, july 24 i
B
Inclusive, Return Limit Tuesday, July sth, at the Following- Low Rates: +
PET ALUM A $1 50 tf tf GEYSER VILLE 385 +
SANTA ROSA 225 !''. '. CLOVERDALE 450 B
SEBASTOPOL 270 1 ; \ SONOMA 150 +
GUERNEVILLE 375 ftt GLEN ELLEN 180 +
HEALDSBURG 340 |<*>|| HOPLAND . ' 500 B
UKIAH 5 00 +
r TfC^ sOfc 13 T T V O Tickets on sale from JUNE 30 to JULY 4, inclusive, with re- B
tvLl^&'Lr IV 1 O turn Limit JULY 11, at the following greatly reduced rates: £
1 1 in 1 1 111 111 111 HIM Mil I I ill HIM ■'
MARK WEST SPRINGS . . .$3 00 ff«>% DUNCAN SPRINGS . . . . 500 J
LYTTON SPRINGS 360 %%%% SARATOGA SPRINGS . . .7 50 £
SKAGGS' SPRINGS . . . . 400 |||| BLUE LAKES . » 750
GEYSERS 600 f <»s><» LAUREL DELL LAKE . . . 750 J
HIGHLAND SPRINGS . . . 660 |||| POTTER VALLEY .... 725 J
SODA BAY 860 |||| DAY'S 875 -
LAKEPORT 760 Ifff BUCKNELL'S 875 B
CARLSBAD SPRINGS . . . 760 |||| RIVERSIDE 875 +
BARTLETT SPRINGS . . . . 12 80 J^ LIERLY'S 975 +
ORR'S SPRINGS 750 SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS ... 975 B
VICHY SPRINGS ft 00 Kit HULL VILLE 10 25 +
— a
For further Information call on or address our Ticket Offices, +
650 MARKET STREET, Chronicle Building; TIBURQN FERRY, Foot of Market Street, I
Or General Offices, MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING. «
A. W. FOSTER, B. X. RYAN, JJ
President and General Manager. General Passenger Agent. g
TRIED TO SLAY
"JACK" DALTON
Indian Jim Wanted by
Alaska Officers.
THE PATHFINDER AMBUSHED
BARELY ESCAPES DEATH AT
THE REDSKINS' HANDS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, June Zv (by steamship
Rosalie to Seattle, June 25).— An at
it-miit was made four days ago a few
miles above Chilkat on the Chilkat
River, to assassinate the noted path
finder and trail cutter of Alaska,
"Jack" Dalton. He reported it here
yesterday to United States Commis
sioner Malcom and a warrant was is
sued for the arrest of Inuiu.ii Jim, a
Stick, whom Dalton accuses of the at
tempt at assassination. The charge is
assault with intent to commit murder.
To-day a deputy, marshal left for
Haines to take Indian Jim into custody.
It is not unlikely that the other Sticks
may offer a show of resistance of
Indian Jim's would-be captor, as his
murderous act is said to have had their
sympathy.
Two rilie bullets were shot at Dalton
by Indian Jim, who fired from ambush.
At the time of the shooting he was
ahead of a party of prospectors follow
ing the trail by the river. When the
first shot was tired from a clump cf
brush Dalton, although unarm*-],
beckoned to his companions to follow
him and then started for the brush. As
he neared it a second shot was tired by
the unseen foe. The bullet this time
cut through Lalton's coat on the left
side, doing no further injury than to
bore a hole through the veteran guide's
pocketbook.
Dalton's comrades, white men, were
close to him by this time with revolvers
in their hands. In a moment an Indian
whom Dalton says was Indian Jim
broke out of the clump of bushes, ritle
in hand, and ran to the denser timber
toward the hills. As a number of other
Indians were noticed among the trees
toward which he ran no effort was
made by the whites to pursue him.
As threats against Dalton previously
had been ii.ade by the Indians in the
vicinity of Chilkat he decided to appeal
to the authorities and so he started
back to tide water, taking the next boat
for Juneau.
The Indians are incensed against Dal
ton because they believe him to be in
strumental in bringing so many white
men into their territory. A committee
of Sticks recently called on the United
States Commissioner here to complain
that the presence of steamboats on
Chilkat River was driving away the
salmon and if the boats were not taken
off they said the Indians would starve
next summer. It is the opinion of many
old timers that the attack on "Jack"
Dalton is only the beginning of serious
trouble between the Stick Indians and
the white men along the Chilkat.
News comes from Skaguay that on
Thursday last a severe wind storm
wrecked between twenty and forty
boats on Lajce Bennett. No lives were
lost, but many outfits were ruined or
sunk. HAL HOFFMAN.
To Hold an Anniversary Hally.
The anniversary rally of the 1R97 con
vention of the First Baptist Churrh on
Eddy street, near Jones, will be held In
the auditorium of the church to-morrow
evening at 7:30 o'clock. An address by
Rev. Way land Hovt of Philadelphia will
be delivered immediately after a i»raise
service under the direction of J. J. Morris.
Upon the conclusion of the rally a social
gathering of the members of the congre
gation will be held in the church parlors.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
Britannia Lodge No. 7 of tne Daughters
of St. George will give an evening at
home in the new Quarters in I nlon
Square Hall on the evening of Tuf>=day,
the 28th inst. This will be in the nature
of a house warming, and a? everything
will bp free, it is expected that there will
be a large attendance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNJE 26, 1808.
DISCUSSED THE
WATER TANGLE
Los Angeles Council Has
Another Conference.
TWO HOURS OF FUTILE TALK
BUT THE SCHEMERS STILL HOLD
THE WINNING HAND.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. June 24.— The com
mittee of the City Council met Thurs
day to consult with the trustees of the
'■ stockholders of the City Water Com
i pany and their attorneys. The object
of the conference was to ascertain
whether or not terms could be ar
ranged for a basis upon which arbitra
tion could be obtained. Every member
of the Council who participated in the
meeting and every person representing
; the water company knew full well that
!an arrangement whereby arbitration
j could proceed was an impossibility.
I Yet the meeting was held and it con
■ tinued for two hours just the same as
iif good faith was intended by both
| parties. The meeting was an executive
i one. Everybody was excluded, even
: some members of the Council. Mayor
! Snyder was admitted and so was Presl
! dent Silver of the City Council.
After two hours, which were devoted
to talk, the meeting broke up and
nothing was accomplished. . City At
torney Dunn had a plan of arbitration
drawn up, but the water company's
representatives declined to agree to it
until time had been given for their at
torneys to examine it.
Local dailies continue to hold out to
their readers the idea that there is
every probability that the water com
pany and the city will arbitrate, and
the City Council is practicing the same
deceit. The water company's contract
with the city expires in about thirty
days and the city is no nearer the
possession of its plant than it was "the
day after the contract was made in
1868.
Seven members of the City Council
were placed in a rather embarrassing
position yesterday by a motion made by
Councilman Hutchinson that the Coun
cil proceed to name its arbitrator to
fix the price of the water company's
plant. When the Council convened the
water supply committee reported that
a conference held with the water com
pany trustees had demonstrated the
fact that the city and the company
could not agree upon either a plan of
arl.it ration or the properties to be con
sidered by the arbitrators before next
Thursday' and they therefore asked for
further time.
Councilman Hutchinson objected to
the granting of an extension of time.
He asserted that the three arbitrators
could decide upon the properties the
city required of the company and that
it was in fact their duty to select the
properties and fix their value. He,
therefore, moved that the City Council
proceed to at once name an arbitrator
for the city.
This motion created surprise, for it
was unexpected. Councilman Toll,
however, threw himself into the breach
and moved to amend the motion by
adding that Councilman Hutchinson
name the arbitrator for the city. This
responsibility Mr. Hutchinson was
loath to take. The amendment of Toll
was put to a vote and carried. The
original motion, with Toll's amend
ment, was then defeated by Hutchin
son's vote.
Hutchinson then endeavored to place
his original motion that the Council
proceed to name the city's arbitrator
at once before the Council, but Presi
dent Silver ruled it out of order. It
is now given out that, if the city does
name an arbitrator, the man will be ex-
City Engineer Fred Eaton. Mr. Hutch
inson and Mr. Orider will present the
name of Ernest Abs Hagen.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-litf3 Mission.
SUMMER RESORTS.
Subscribers camping at localities alcng the 1 ne of railroads where there are no postal facilities can have The Call thrown off
at their camp by sending name and location of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Bpen-3 your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath bouse enlarged.
Only • Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis. Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball: Shuffleboard. Livery and Burro* for
the children. r.- . •
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $19 to 115
per week; housekeeping cottages, %i to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth »t., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County, CaL
Pamphlets mailed free. '
A MAGIC ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and plea-sura without a
counterpart In America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-d >or
■ports. Music, da; ■ring, pyrotechnic*. w»t«r
carnival. of.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments, oificlfen;
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID ahUa.SGEME.NT
for campers.
Full information, rates and Illustrated pun-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
222 SOUTH spring ST..
Los Angeles. Cat.
SARATOGA SPEIIS.
Lake County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs n.nd mineral baths
nnrlvaied. Sixteen varieties of waters. ' A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and daily mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor or In San Francisco. 416 Pine street. F.
A. BUSSE. .. .'
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waten
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St.. S. F., $8; trains leave daily
at Third and Townaend .9 a. m for Sole dad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
01/ I POO noT SWINGS, Sonoma Co-
\B A Bill Only 4% hours from S. F. ana
ViVfiUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
dreams at door; photographers' room; tele-
' phone telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLAS3
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $3 a
flay cr $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three, years. J. F. MULOREW. Prop. ■
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thin delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
: ■ Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting., Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
X JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. : WALLACE SPAULPINQ. Manager.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOIIN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
! pecially in case* of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
I NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
• tupertor accommodations; $8 to $10 per we»k;
' roads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
huntlnr on property. For particulars vrIU.W.
R. McGOVEItN. Carlsbad. Lake County. ,-._
ACUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via rib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths Hotel completely remodeled r.n.i refur-
n ished. Water, gas. electric bells. Tl.it e« $10 to
i $12 per week, : $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
' ENTE SPRINGS. Ajrua Caliente. Sonoma Co..
I Cal. - -,■■■-- — .-'. ■" ■.'•••-■• '■ ■:-"■■■■'■■.
- HOTEL BENVENUE,
. Lflkeport, Cal. .
. Situated on . the shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds: special-, facilities for families
and children; home, cooking, boating. . bathing,
fishing: " rates reasonable. Address FRANK
BCAIJEg and. A.- M SCALES.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two - nines liuiii HoplamJ, uii^ui.'/i , coda
•nd magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur- I
nished cottages; terms j *10 to <12 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL.
Proprietor.-/ Hopland. - Cf.l. -
LAKESIDE "HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
Good cheer and hr.me comforts. Best location
for . driving Ito | all points of interest on or near
the lake. Boats free' to guests. ?, For circular
and >. term* address E. B. SMITH & CO.. Bijou
Postofnce, Cal. .
DEER PARK INN
: (Lake Tahoe)," elevation 6607 feeet,'; opens < June
1. Fine accommodations. ; . Cottages • with ' pri-
vate baths . and ■: open tires. Table unsurpassed.
R. R. rates. lIS CO : for ROUND • TRIP.- :].' 8.
LIBBI. m« J. iTlov4 bulldios. Baa Fraaclioo.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
.5 along SAN FRANCISCO and
<£ 6 the 6 NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Pictureeqns Boats of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over 700. well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the ' orre life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will bo
glad to have you. . 'y. '-Ki
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market et. (Chronicle Hilldlng). or
at General Office. Mutual Life building. San-
some and California *ts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
RILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Under new management.
A . ££$
MECCA V25-
for the annual seeker after
Repose and recuperation.
Only three and a half hours from San Francisco.
Stage connects with the 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Townsend street]. .
PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Maison Tortoni and Poodle Dog
FREE CAMPING
All along thaSan Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Mann. Sonoma. Mendoclno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma'
and Guerneville branches, plong Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.;
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered dally at camps.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 660 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building, Sanscma
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent
A. W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
ager. ' - '
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
'*-- **?/. OAKLAND,
A/'4SSroi^K l sth an( l Jefferson Sts.
'.*ui-? : isin\\XVFtvSmm 1 '- Only 35 minutes
ff6PSif*«iSs& from San Fran -
'?HSfeF*L T^ inft-tflTSi A ■ Desirable ■ Summer
v^^*2^T^ii^ and Winter Resort for
Families, Travelers
R. M. briare. Prop. and Tourists.
__ i ,
HO^VARD SPRINGS. Oy
SIuWAKO putahp.o,
**Vf' yT ■ r ** va^ LAKECOUNfy
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Ratee, $8 $10 and" $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, (11
Market street. . -'
Address ,*} ..':■'.' MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
On Howell .Mountain; elevation ' 1750 feet;
swimming : tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed: chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving, $10 to $12 per week;' two trains daily;
four hours from city, Telephone. .. '
E. ANQWIN. Angwin. Napa County. CaX
lil W -UUUII. LLWi ment go hand In
Xi 111 hand at HOTEL GISELMAN,
UfiAftTl I ' Cal. And * ood treat-
UUUII LIiWIV ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAK.
Lake-port. Cal.
y%E&?- A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
TAMP MPFFFI? The Popular. Resort among
WAliir lULLBILII the -Giant- Redwoods of So-
noma- County. Boating, bathing and- tent
grounds free; fine fishing; climate " perfect.
Board ■ and lodging, $5 50 and $6; unfurnished
rooms, $1 per - week. . Train stops at *. camp.
Via SauBalito ferry, round tdp, $3; good for
ninety days. . " .
SUMMIT SODA
 - SPRINGS,
: On ; line :of C. > P. R. R. ■• Elevation. - 6009 feet.
Daily ! mail. Telephone " connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. 'Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer, Placer Co., Cal. .
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 -. feet. • Relief . for : asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, 'hunting and swimming.
Terms $7 to $10. Send, for circular to ... ; .
JOHANNISBERQ RESORT. Napa. , CaL
■- \ SUMMER HOME FARM.
'. ; tun ta Cruz Mountains, - first-class ' family.- re-
. tort; ' cottages, ■ tents. - hunting ; and ■ fishing; ar-
tificial | lake for boating j and < swimming; long
distance ■:■■ telephone; ■; campers' ■■■'.•■ return - - ticket]
12 60. ■- Send for circular to ! J. H. HASSTEK3.'
GlcawovU. Cai.
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTTCL AND COTTAGES.
PAIP ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
iisus;
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all \lnda of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations', rataa
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery «tr*»i.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MURK WEST SPRINGS
Tha most picturesque resort in California. Haa
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
sw.lmmlng pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$0 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
QENSBN.
THE GEYSERS,
Scnoma County. 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
fmbowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS
Tepid Swimming _*ke. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpa»«ed.
Terms. $10 and fl5 per w«ek; {2 and $2 50 per
flay. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
'.V-i.;'. V -i .;' A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds . and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and *ur-
rounded by magnificent- trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because It Is
clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pur* air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1, when Inde-
pendence Lake, will be open to\the public. . •
/S^^-d-m 0% No staging to get there,
/B*l|KjJJ no fog, ~ mos^'iitoes rr
A^ylllll ' winds when you are
i.ju»u»« there. Table unsurpassed.
>i * Rates no. $12. $14 a week.
fy ■-■-■• , Round trip tickets $7. "W.
%■&*■s* 11 m ftfC* L. Mitchell, Manager;
jpnngs iid n Ag nt cui
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Bes-
wlck, Slsklyou County. Cal. .
I ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
: Natural advantages; salubrious llmate; plc ;
turesque ' scenery; mountain walks; pur»
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest* and
health culture in a short time. Address fat.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena, Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful, waters; all kinds ot skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid- "
ney liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles Immediately relieved; rates $10 to $18
per week. Long-distance telephone.' Address
5. A. HAYS. Proprietor. Lake County.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen ' miles from Cazadero. on stage line.
Good s trout - fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand led wood scenery. ; Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Sea view. Sonoma County, or
apply E. X.RUSE. 207 Front at., S. V., for par-
ticulars^ ■"■■"■••■ ,' /.':'' ■■ ■
HOTEL DE RED\A/OOD
In the Heart of the 'Santa Cruz Mountains.
Improved Table Service. Reasonable - Rates.
For Particulars Apply to • r •
. -j -s. -• "■ •M. S. COX. Laurel Postofflce.-
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural , attractions .. without ' limit. :; Pleasant
walks '. through shady ' canyons. . Hunting and
fishing. ' Table [ supplied with | fresh '. vegetables,
fruits, v butter, ,' milk : and ' eggs. A delightful
country home. — Free ; conveyance at depot. $7
per, week. JOHN D. WINTER. Clorerdale, Cal.
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 2$ miles by "Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. Fare .S. F. to Calaveras
Big Trees and return $17.  JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 30 Montgomery street. |
; : Vi? TOCALOMA. M c r
BERTRAND HOTEL.
1 First-class- accommodations; reasonable rates;
flshinsr:* beautiful drives to - Bear > Valley, etc..
UOSEPH F.*EERXRAND,;or 324 ■ Kearayi nuyyi
■ . ■■■ . :.-■■- ■■■ v "■ . .-■ .. ..--.- ■
HAYWARDS.
' - IF -YOU..
Are seeking for a de»
_/£<>^_ ' lightful and healthful
resort for the summer
<MBo«^™o'_H^ months for your family,
A£l3§«<rnss? l not so remote from
TCvfslrFr'SfylßiftrW town but that you can
B-i,'^f'.'HitJLlLT*l' l i'» be- with them without
1 *» — i ' neglecting your busi-
ness.
IF YOU ..... Are in search of a good
table and comfortable sleeping apartments
only 1% hours' travel from San Francisco, with
half hourly communication, day and evening;
IF IT- 15.".. . Your wish to eonflna
your summer's outing by a moderate outlay,
yrur attention is directed to
Haywardi Park, at the Terminus of the Oakland,
San Leandro and Haywards Electric Railway.
Oft IF YOU . . Are fond 'of tenting,
here you will find a large number of commo-
dious platforms arranged convenient to the
hotel dining, room, on one of which you may
erect your tent.
A choice musical programme Is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of the
club 'house. The cars of the company run
into the park. The monthly commutation rate
Is only $5; room and board, $8 per week; board
for campers, $5 per week. Campers and room-
ers have the rame service from attendants.
Address MRS. DORA SHANE, Haywarda
Club House.
"rowardennan.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
I hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric light*:
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Crua
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop.. South Ben
Lomond.
BEN LOmOND.
Private boarding at "Avoca." Terms $7 per
week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON. Bea
Lomond, Cal. .
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of the redwoods, four
miles from Glenwood, County of. Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain scenery: elevation 19M
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and. up. i Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley,- billiards, piano.
etc. Cottages for families. Stage line 50c,
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery Is to be seen of this and other counties,
- Address L. PERHACS. Glenwood.'
TUSCAN SPRINGS,.
Tetama County. By rail to Red Bluff, 191
miles; fare, 50 45; dally stage to springs. *
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflca
In hotel ;• rates, $10 and up; rend for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE. Proprietor.
BURLINGAME,
(San Mateo County.)
Redington Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage: n«w°
stable and livery; boating and bathing .'ree:
18 to $14 per week; round trip, $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. P., Lake County. Cat
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County: hunt-
ing. fishing 1 , boating, swimming ; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address MACK
& BURLINGAME. Proprietors, Soda Bay,
Kelseyville, Lake ■ County, Cal. .
TO the country we go— will meet you at
the depot; good accomodations; desirable lo-
cution; terms $7: children $3 50. E. M. SHEL- :
FORD, Pleasant View ranch. Cloverdale. Cal.
WRITE W. H. MILL EH. 1 iiiah. or livery ac-
commodations to springs In Lake and Men-
artr-(no counties to save money.
WEEKLY CALL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th»
©c News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THE
2i ." PACIFIC COAST
2 \ / ;
T) The Best \ Mining
,P»' : Telegraphic \j' News That
°\ Service on /V Is Accurate
01 The Coast / ~ \& up to dat«
oc : '■'- / > N '•■■ :. __
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
q/ or Faky, and Not a Line of ,
T) it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean, A Cbamp!oo ot
j Thoughtful. Truth.
<J A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 ALL THE TIME.
3* IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BT
T) HOME MAIL, Sl.st '
C^; INDUSTRIES I AYUIL
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
Until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
61£ Larkin street: <™«n until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2201 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until P o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
212 i Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
16QE Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. comer of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH tfOTICBgTj
FIRST church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block 223 Batter st., between Kearny and
i Irani aye. At U a. m.. Christian Science
Bib:.- lessons; subject, "The Ascension of
J.->us." Sunday-school for children at the
same hour. Testimonial meeting Wednesday
at 8 p. m. All are welcome.
' ' — — -•»
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason sis., Rev. George C. Adams, D.
!>., will preach morrrlng and evening— Morn-
Ing service, U o'clock, theme, "Every Man
His own Judge." Evening service at 7:4:>.
th^me. "Thi> Man Who L4v«d In the Wrong
Place." Sunday-school and Bible clssbps at
p. m V. V. S. C. X.. 6:W p. m. Samuel
D. Mayer, organist and choir master.
CENT!- A l. Methodist Episcopal church. Mis-
sion ft., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
rle* Edward Ixvke. pnst .r. will preach.
Subject 11 a. m.. "I'arta.kers of the Divine
Nature." At 7:45 p. m.. "Some Great Battle-
Sunday school, i p. m.. Rollo V.
Watt superintendent. Christian Endeavor,
6:15 p m All seats free. Pews reserved for
soldiers. Mid-week prayer and praise,
Wednesday. 7:40. Class meetings, Sunday,
9:30 v- m., and 12:30 p. m.. and Thursday
evening, 7:4S o'clock,
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Geary
and Powell sts.; Rev. John Hem^hlll, D.D.,
Daitor— Service at ll a. m. and 1:46 p. m. ;
topic p. m.. "The Bold Challenger of Tri-
umphant Faith"; a m. service — "Jubilate
Deo" iin A !i;it). Charles Well?; offertory,
"My Re, Seiner and My Lord," Dudley Buck;
soprano solo, Mrs Priest; fine evening serv-
ice; anth.-m. "Praise the Lord, " Dudley
Buck- offertory, "O That My Load of Sins
Was Gone," T. S. camp; alto solo and quar-
tet. Mrs. Sedgley Reynolds. All are cor-
dially im
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St.,
near ' vices at 11 a, m. and 7:45
p. m.: Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. ; Key. F.
B. Cherlngton. D.D.. pastor, will preach
evening; morning subject,
"Chrlft's Sei nd Wilderness Temptation";
evening subject, "Hidden Springs of Life."
Th* public cordially invited.
THE Second Unitarian Church, Twentieth and
Capp Bts., A. J. Wells, pastor— The Rev.
N. A. Haskell of San Jose will preach at 11
a. m. an ! y p. m. ; the church will be closed
during July and morning service omitted
through August; Sunday-school and evening
worship will be resumed August 7.
LBAN'B Church, Foresters' Hall, 102
O'FarreH St.— Sunday-school, 9:46 a. m. ;
morning prayer. Holy Communion ichoral)
and sermon by Rev. E. J. H. Van Deerlin.
11 a. m. All seats tree; cordial welcome.
[ATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
Chia (Sunday) afternoon at 8 o'clock,
•tic union mass-meeting; address by
Rev. H. <". Minton. D.D., president Army
at.'! Navy Christian Commission; subject.
"Some Up-to-Date Musings of American Pa-
■:sm"; special music under direction of
J. J. Morris; service open free to all, both
men and women.
REORGANIZED church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post st -Preaching at 11 a. m. by C. A. Par-
ken; subject, "Obedience to Whole Law";
7:4", preaching by George S. Lincoln. Strang-
ers il:
THE First Divine Science Church holds ita
services in Yosemlte Hall, Native Sons' build-
ing. Majson st., between Post and Geary.
Subject tor to-day's discourse, "Faith." All
ally invited.
S'GERS' Sabbath Home, Howard-st.
Methodist Episcopal Church. 643 Howard St.,
between Second and Third, 2 blocks from Pal-
ace Hotel— The Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.,
pastor, will f.r.-ach at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Murning subject, "The Sure Foundation."
Miss Alice Sheldon Brannan will sing "Cal-
vary." .vr.'i, np.-n-air meeting; 6:30, young
people's meeting; 7:45. great song service 10
popular tunes, "Star-spangled Banner,"
"Rally Round the Flag." "Tramp, Tramp.
the* Hoys Are Marching," etc.; S:l5, sermon
by th» pastor, "The Country's Great Enemy,"
The celebrated singers. Miss C. Augusta
Bposito and Miss Alice Sheldon Brannan. will
render special service. Seats free. All are al-
ways welcome. Special invitation to soldiers.
OAKLAND Mission Tent, Broadway and
Fourteenth st. — Preaching and public Chrlß-
ti.'.i healinir by "laying on of hands" every
event ne. commencing Sabbath evening, by
the brother who was recently instrumental in
the sudden and ■wonderful restoration from
> nearly fatal sickness of Mrs. Carrie Judd
Montgomery and a multitude of other sick
f<ik. Testimonies given by restored sufferers.
Bring up your sick. (Mark xvi:lS.)
UNIVERSAL Hrothnrho,,d— Lodge No. 7.
1 Theosophical Society in America.)
(International Brotherhood League.)
Academy of Sciences building. 943 Market
Ft., near F"Urth; lecture to-night. "Lohen-
grin." by Mr. J. Oettl; U. B. L., Tuesday
night, "The Theosophical Movement"; I. B.
1... Saturday night. "Contentment."
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Free public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock In Frater-
nal Hall. Odd Fellows' building. To-night,
"The Sphinx and the Moon," by Miss Marie
A. Walsh. Lotus Circle for children In same
building at 2:30.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall. 803 Larkin St.; Sunday evening,
June 26, at 7:45 sharp; speaker, Mrs. R. S.
Lillle; subject. "Can the Claims of Modern
Spiritualism Be Successfully Refuted by
Theology." Admission 10 cents.
'6. F. FREE Thought Society— George Sawklns,
8.A., 909 Market St., at S. "Jesuitism, the
Science of Lying," and "The Priest and An-
glo-American Alliance." Reception, social and
dance Saturday, July 2. Admission free* H.
E. Girard, Secretary Pro Tern.
BED CROSS— Dr. Rlne's Spiritual Society,
909 Market. Mrs. Sealey, Katie Heuss-
man-Vigers; boy wonder C. Nelson, 11. years;
Dr. Carpenter, 11, free; 2-8, 10c; office 935
Market st.
JOHN SLATER, grand test seance to-night at
8:15 sharp; hall 909 Market St.; tests, names,
questions answered; admission 10c.
MATERIALIZING seance to-night, 8 p. m.; to-
morrow, 12 o'clock. Mother Sadie's seance.
Ml Leavenworth st.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, circles Sunday and
Thursday evenings, 25c; 320 McAllister St.; sit-
tings daily.
IRENE SMITH will give second lecture In
palmistry to-night; hands read. Gier's Hall,
Oakland.
C. MAYO-STEERS, 112% Oak St.; circles Tues-
day, 8 p. . m. ; Thursday, 2 p. m. ; 25c; read-
ings, $1.
MRS. HARLAND. test meeting to-night; sealed
letters read; 10c. 989 Howard St., cor. Sixth.
CIRCLE to-night, 8 o'clock; no guesswork;
every one gets a test. LEANDER, 508 Eddy.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c. 605 McAllister st.; come skeptics.
K. HEUSSMANN, sittings daily. $1; circles,
Friday evenings, 25c. 475 Fell st.
~ MEETING NOTICES.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 87, I. O. *» -,
O. F.— Officers and patriarchs are here-"^^ 8
by notified of the death of Patriarch /\
G. E. J< 'HANSON, P. c. P.. and re- * V
quested to assemble in Encampment Hall,
SUNDAY, June 26, 1898, at 12:30 p. m., to at-
tend the funeral. R. C. BLACK, C. P.
W. S. POTTER, Scribe.
I. O. O. F. — The- annual memorial -•s*«t//i 9 .
exercises of the Odd Fellows will £^ JmJgL
be held in the public hall, Odd =i>rsßßp
Fellows' buildlr'- corner of Sev- ' 'i***
enth and Market- sts., THIS (SUNDAY)
AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock sharp. Dis-
tinguished speakers, good music. The public,
all Odd Fellows, their families and friends
Invited. The sojourning soldier Odd Fellows
are invited In a body, place reserved. En-
trance Seventh st. No admission cards re-
quired.
JAMES LINFORTH, President.
W. F. NORCROSS, Secretary.
OPHIR Lodge No. 171, I. O. O. F.— ~^&dwr-
Officers and members: You are SK^SSfe;
hereby notified to meet at your "^s*(BJ9^
lodgeroom on SUNDAY, June 26, '^w^"
,at 1 p. m. for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother. G. E. JOHAN"-
SON. P. G. ADOLPH PLATH. N. , G?
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. OF— -^.;wjZ
Initiation MONDAY EVENING ■^F i -»*S^i
, 27th inst. . ' Hii-Ok?!?
\v B. HI HUE Noble Grand. "^/Sl^ 5 "
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent 7, ~
Association will hold their twentieth fe^i&^l
annual picnic . n SUNDAY, June 2»; SiJKf?
I-."', at Germania Gardens, Presidio; 3ft*Ht
admission to the park, 25c; for the **!!&**
benefit of the Red Cross Society; valuable
gate prizes will be distributed. ■
THE COMMITTEE. &
SAN FRANCISCO No. 1, N. A. B. E.— Members
are hereby notified - that the funeral of our
late brother, J. O. TROUTT, will take pla^e
SUNDAY at 2 p. m. from the parlors of A.
Brown, undertaker, Thirteenth ,st., near
Broadway, Oakland. ■
C. C. ELRASSER, President. V
W. T. BONNET, Secretary.
TWENTY-SEVENTH ; annual picnic . of the
Portuguese Protective and Benevolent Asso-
ciation SUNDAY, June 26, 1898, at Shell
Mound Park, near Berkeley. Lambert Beck-
er's Marine band has been engaged for this
occasion ; : also a string < band for dancing .-. in
the upper hall in the. Azorean style.: Tickets,
25c; children under 12 years free. Boats leave
every half-hour. Association - leaves 'on 9:30
a. m. boat.
MEETING A'OTlCES— Continued.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle . try •*.
Club will hold its sixteenth grand 3V, (MUU
annual gathering and games at Shell >?VX_j?
Mound. Berkeley, MONDAY, July 4, **_T*
IS9B. "The event of the season." The pro-
gramme of games will comprise' some forty
events, embracing many new features. $3000 I
in cash prizes, elegant and costly medals for
amateur events. Amusements In abundance
for both old and young. Games open to all
comers. Phenomenal exhibition of strength
by the giant athletes of the world. Note the
long list of special events: Great mile race,
exciting bicycle races for men. beautiful and
picturesque exhibitions of Highland dancing
by j expert men and children, great genuine
negro cake walk competition— .San Francisco
vs. Oakland, amusing obstruction, three-
legged and Back races, besides many other
amusing and highly ; interesting - games. In
the evening a grand and patriotic display of
fireworks, embracing an expenditure of some I
$1300. Dancing throughout the day and even-
ing in both pavilions. Music furnished by
Bennett's celebrated band. Corps of Highland
Pipers. Admission to the park during the
day— Adults, DOc: children. 23c. Admission at
night— Adults, 25c; children, ]oc. Holders of
I day tickets entitled to evening exercises with-
out extra charge.. Buy your tickets for Shell ;
Mound. Soldiers arid sailors of the United i
s States army and navy and parties in High- I
land costume admitted to the park free.
EUREKA Benevolent Association— semi- ■
i annual meeting of the members of this asso- I
i ciation will be held SUNDAY. June 26, 1898, !
at 10 a. m.. at office of the association, 105 '
Stockton st., room 24. By order
meyer H. LEVY. Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society— an- i
nual excursion and picnic will take place at :
Shell Mound Park. Berkeley. SUNDAY, Au- |
gust 7, 1898. Adults' tickets 50 cents, chil-
dren under 12 years free. Boats leave every
half hour for ->ark. Music by a first-class
band.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60. postage
free. -..,,-;.-
__________________
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION '
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
ETA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk St.
MISS SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17. second floor.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell st., room 2. • : . :
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— '
ms usage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market St.. opp. Powell, rooms 9 and 11.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
PEARL HARRISON "and assistant, magnetic '
treatment, massage. 120% Geary st., room 2. '
MISS EVA SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor
baths. II6A Grant aye., room 17.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER, 1021 Market, rm. 12, ;
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., room S.
MISS L. DEAN. »17 Market St., parlors U and •
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet I
baths. 120 Vi Geary st, room 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cahlnet '•
Lath?. 1.'4 Turk and Ills Market, rms. ir-16.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of California, 222 Sansome st., has de-
clared for the year ending June 30, 1898, a dlv- !
idend of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary I
deposits. 7 per cent on one year term de- ''
posits, 10 per cent to class F stock, and 12!
per cent to class a stock.
I>R. ED. E. HILL. President.
(ATT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE, Vice- Pres.
Wit CORBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and I
Loan Society, 526 California st.— For the half I
year ending June 30, lh9S, a dividend has been ;
declared at the rate of four and twenty-hun- !
dredths (,4.2u) per cent per annum on term
deposits and three and one-half (3.50) per I
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of i
taxes, payable on and after FRIDAY, July 1, :
IS9B. GEORGE TOURNY. S-cr<nary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery St., cor. of Sutter— The Board
of Directors declared a dividend for the half-
year ending June 30. 1898, at the rate of four
H) per cent per annum on term deposits and
three aad one-third (3 1-3) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Friday, July 1, IVy
Dividends not called for are added to and !
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
etpal from and after July 1, lfc:«
CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice- San Francisco Savings
Union, 532 California St.. corner Webb— For |
the half year ending with the 30th of June, i
1898. a dividend has been declared at the rate !
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent on i
ordinary' deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Friday, July 1, U9|j
LOVELL WHITE, Caahier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post st. For the half year
ending June 30. ISM, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-quar- !
ters (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits, ;
free, of taxes, payable on and after Friday, i
July 1, 1898. GEORGE A. STORY.
Cashier.
HL'UBOLDT Savings and Loan Society," 18 j
Geary Et.— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends: Four per j
cnt per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on
and after July 1. 189 S.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 82. 60c per
share, of the Oceanic Steamship Company,
will be payable at the ofilce of the company,
C 27 Market St.. on and after FRIDAY. July
1. 1898. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day. June 25. 189S, at 12 o'clock m. E. H.
SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help, m, Market st.; phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-FEMALE.
NEAT lady wishes a situation as housekeeper;
willing to take full charge of place; has good
references. Address t«ix ion, v"nll office.
YOUNG girl wishes a position second work and
waiting; willing and obliging. Apply to 15^
Langton St., near Seventh.
YOUNG French lady, fresh wet nurse, wishes
situation In some family. Inquire MRS.
BERNARD, midwife, SOl Vallejo st.
Wi i.MAX wants work by the day; terms 75c;
city reference. Box 84, Call office.
NEAT young lady wishes to do upstairs work
and sewing or care for child; experienced,
willing ami obliging. Call from 10 a. m. to 2
p. m. or address 920K Pine St., between Mason
and Taylor.
REFINED middle-aged lady, good nurse and
reader, will give services to pleasant people
for home anfl small wages; will leave city.
Box 192. Call office.
YOUNG Protestant woman wants situation In
plain family; good plain cook; wages moder-
ate. Apply at 1005 Capp st.
SITUATION wanted by good cook; $20 to $25;
city or country. 1 Essex place.
WANTED— By young woman, position taking
care of lodging-house or as housekeeper. Ad-
dress box 48, Call office.
AN experienced nurse would take care of an
Invalid; also will do sewing by the day;
terms reasonable.. Address Nurse, 210 Sixth
aye., Richmond District.
RESPECTABLE widow with a child 4^ years
old, would like light housework; sewing; re-
liable, willing; wages moderate; reference.
Address box 75, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to do
housework or upstairs work, with sewing.
Please call at 127 Turk st.
VERY good meat, bread and pastry cook
wishes situation; city or country. Box 112,
Call office.
WANTED— Situation as cook in a hospital. Call
127 Turk st.
GERMAN-American girl of good family, used
to responsible positions, as housekeeper or
general work, where admitted Into family.
Address box 111. Call office.
MtKSSMAKF.It wants sowing In families or
will take work home; good skirt maker; rea-
sonable. Address MRS. C, 21S Turk, room 21.
DRESSMAKER wisheß a few more engage-
ments: tailor system; terms reasonable to get
established. Address 120 SB Howard st.
COMPETENT woman just from the East de-
sires situation; Is a good cook and laundress
and neat worker; city or country. Apply 990
Folsom 6t., cor. Sixth.
NEAT English oook; can do American style;
nice laundress: kind to children; wages $10 to
$12; city or country. 121* Third st.
2 GIRLS would like chamber work or light
housework; country preferred. CORA DEAN,
1210 Howard wt
COMPETENT second girl wants situation by
Ist of July; Is a good seamr.tress. Box 83, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook, private family; disengaged
July 1; city or country; best city references
E. T/. box M, < 'all office.
LADY'S companion, secretary. Invalid's nurse,
housekeeper or to travel; a thoroughly com-
petent English lady; first-clasg city testimon-
ials. Address MISS E. C. R., Berkeley.
LADY, good seamstress, would like plain sew-
ing, to make over dresses and gent's mend-
ing; cheap. Call or address 1257 California *t.
FIRST-CLASS cook, Scandinavian, wishes a
situation in an American family; wages $30
to $40; best references; country no objection.
Box 32, Call office..
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
SITIATIOXS WANTBD-Continned.
AMBITIOUS, bright young lady wishes a po-
sition outside of S. F. at bookkeeping, type-
writing or general office work; three years'
reference from wholesale house where at
present employed. Address M., 615 Hyde St.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker will
take work at home; terms reasonable. 760
Folfom st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes any
kind of work by the day; Jl per day and car-
fare. Call for 3 days at 517 Bush St.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go In family to sew;
$1 per day; lunch only. 121 Shot well, nr. ltith.
Yi'l'NG woman wishes work by the day house-
cleaning, washing and plain sewing. Address
33.'i5 Twenty-sixth st., corner Capp.
GIRL wishes place for general housework or
waiting; city or country. Address 781 Mis-
sion St., room 19.
RESPECTABLE young married woman wishes
housework and cooking in exchange for room
and board for herself and husband; husband
employed in the city at small wages. Box
90. Call office.
LADY would like a few more engagements as
lady's nurse; wages to suit the times; has
physician's reference. 1022 Mission st.
DRESSMAKING — Tailor-made a specialty;
price per day through dull season, $1 50.
IH'TEL SAULSBURY, Hyde and Eddy sts.
BITUATION for neat German housegiri; A No.
1 references. 313 Bush.
DRESSMAKER from the East; first-class cut-
ter and fitter; go out by the day; can make
a suit in one day. 46!< Hayes St.
GOVERNESS desires engaeement for morn-
ings: French and German spoken. Box 98,
305 Larkin st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes po-
sition as housekeeper on ranch where only
1 table Is served, or will cook for men on
ranch; understands butter-making; good cook;
references. Address Ahlborn Hotel, 323 Grant
aye., room 44.
STRONG young German woman, general
housework or cnamberwork In rooming house;
sleep home. 2422 Greenwich St.
STRONG lady would like to do upstairs work
and help In kitchen; sewing also, lis Clara
St.. bet. Folsom and Harrison, near Fourth.
GIRL to work by the day, week or month or
take washing home. Call or address 4 Au-
burn st., off Jackson, near Taylor.
COMPETENT sir! wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or country. Address
box 457, Woodland. Cal.
YOUNG Kirl wants position to assist In house-
work or take care of children; small wages.
Call fr address 434 Jessie St.
AN Eastern girl wishes a position In an Amer-
ican family: plain cooking or upstairs work.
Please call at 534 Howard St., bet. Ist and 2d.
GERMAN woman wants situation to take care
of invalid lady; is an experienced infant
nurse. Address 8., box 7, Call office. Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes situation as working
housekeeper. Address 21S Ninth st.
WOMAN wishes situation as housekeeper;
good cook; good seamstress: pleasant and |
neat, with 'a little girl 8 years old. N. M.,
3 Elliott park, oft Stelner, between O'Farrell
and Geary.
YOUNG woman with exceptionally good baby
wants w..rk; housekeeping preferred. Ad-
dress box 145, Call office.
', BY an experienced bookkeeper, an office posi-
tion; best of references; city or country.
Address box 152. Call office.
REFINED young girl wishes a position as chil-
dren's maid or second work; good seamstress.
Box 79. Call office.
I REFINED Eastern lady wishes a position as
housekeeper for elderly gentleman; city or
I country. MRS. LIBBY, Oakland, Cal., gen-
j eral delivery.
j BY young woman of several years' experience
in business life, general office position; Al
j references: city or country. Address box 151,
I Call office.
I GERMAN girl would like position as house-
keeper; city or country- 160 Tehama St., sec-
j ond floor.
■■ SITUATION by a middle-aged lady, light
housework or sewing; care of children. 1474
Ellis st.
j SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes housework in
American family. 414 Folsom st.
I 2 SCANDINAVIAN girls wish housework and
kitchen work; good references. 635 Second st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Bub«— 'ipttops and wart ads taken.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 2u years) help;
I tel. Mum iya7. I'.RADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
j CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^4 OFarrell st. ; tel. East 426.
j YOUNG business man (35), fair accountant,
writes goad hand, law graduate, very best
references, wants employment. Box 106, Call.
MARRIED man, paper-hanger, with tools,
painter, wants situation soon as possible;
best references. ANTHOINE, 330 Fourth st.
i EVENING employment desired as bookkeeper
or cashier preferred; best references. L. 8.,
box 99, Call office.
MAN to milk and make butter; can do some
gardening and poultry raising; is handy with
carpenter's tools; will be found willing. Ad-
dress W. L., box 85. Call office.
WANTEDv-By an active elderly man. to work
In kitchen, small restaurant or hotel; city or
country; can do plain, all around cooking.
Address box S6, Call ofilce.
FIRST-CLASS cooper, distiller and wlnemaker
wants position; city or country. 4040 Twenty-
fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position as care
taker of store or any posltlop of truat; six
years in one position in this city; can give
be.st of reference. Box 76. Call office.
WANTED— By all around man, position In
country hotel; honest, sober and reliable. Ad-
dress box 78, Call office.
POSITION wanted by man of middle age, capa-
ble of taking entire charge of gentleman's
place; understands horses, stock, etc. Ad-
dress box 77, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, b»Kt references, wants
position as Janitor, porter or assistant; single;
needs employment at once. Box 87, (Jail.
GARDENER— A first-class gardener with good
recommendations wishes employment; no ob-
jections to do chores around the house. Ad-
drp.-s Gardener, box 361, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a salesman of ability,
of good address: posted In furnishing goods,
cloaks or wholesale millinery. Address box
150, Call office.
MAN and wife want situations; wife as house-
keeper; man all-around worker. Address
Sherman House, Eighth st., bet. Market and
Mission, R. F.D.
SITUATION wanted by sober, steady man as
coachman; can milk and take care of garden
I. X., box 104, Call office.
COACHMAN who understands his business, so-
ber and reliable, wants position on private
place in country' or country town; references;
wages $80. Address G. W., box 277, Call office.
WANTED— Position by a young Japanese man,
without experience a waiter, at a restaur-
ant or In hotel. Address I. X., Sutter-st.
Restaurant. 312 Sutter Bt.
CHINESE boy. first-class family cook, wants
situation, city or country; small washing;
good referencea. WON SAM, 615V4 Dupont st_
BOOKKEEPER— First-class double entry and
correspondent; Al city references. Box 90,
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER desires engagement for 2 or 3
days each week; any work; city or Oakland.
F.. box 119. Call office.
EXPERIENCED man wishes a situation as
grocery clerk or bartender; understands both;
has good references. Address box 98 Call.
BUTCHER, young man, 23, desires situation;
has six years' experience; can drive horses.
f'H. SCHMIDT, 26 Minna St.
SITUATION wanted as barkeeper in wholesale
liquor store; also rectifier and compounder.
Address box 150, Call office.
JAPANESE excellent boy wants situation as
office boy or waiter. K. S., 1329 Pine st.
SITt'ATION wanted by a steady and sober
man; thoroughly understands the care of
horses, driving, garden, cows; best of refer-
ences; city or country. Box 24. Call office.
YOUNG man desires to send his sister to uni-
versity; wants position as salesman or at
office work In San Francisco or Oakland: ex-
perienced; good habits: best of references.
Address box 68. Call Office.
MAN and wife wish situations In lodging-
house, hotel or private family; city or coun-
try; no cooking; references. Box 66. Call.
POBITION wanted by young man ; sober, In-
dustrious and reliable. Call or address W S
I2BC Oary st,
FIRST-CLASS cook (Chinaman); best of ref-
erence, desires position; city or country;
speaks good English. 820 Sacramento st., up-
stairs.
JAPANESE first-class cook, or waiter, wants
situation; good references. T. FRANK, Jap-
anese Mission. Pine st.
RELIABLE man and wife want to do cham-
berwork in lodging house or hotel; city or
country. Address Reliable, box 27, Call office.
COACHMAN who understands his business, ao-
ber and sellable, wants position on private
place In country or country town: references-
wages $30. Address G. W.. box fiO. Call office.'
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 ThlrT »t.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night; $1 SO to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; fre«
'bua and baggage to and from ferry.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMAL.E.
10 WAITRESSES for Santa Cruz July 1 $20
6 waitresses for Santa Cruz to-day 2n
2 waitresses for Stockton 20
2 waitresses for Marysville., 20
Waitress, resort, near city 20
2 waitresses, city. 20
2 hotel cooks ... ' $30 and $35
C. R HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
COOK, small family" $30, and French second
girl. $20, see lady our office 10 o'clock; cook
and laundress, country, $25 and free fare;
second g!rl, $20; German nursegirl. $18;
woman with a child to go campfng for the
summer, $20, see party here, and 20 girls for
city and country places, $25 and $20; young
girls to assist, $10 and $12. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRESSES, different country hotels, $20;
girls for housework, different country places.
MURRAY & READY, 654 and 636 Clay st.
TEN good reliable girls wanted, wages, $20 to
$25; references both ways. 313 Bush st.
LADIES' select and refined bureau of informa-
tion; managed by city ladies. 313 Bush st.
ALL ladles seeking lucrative commercial posi-
tions; strictly confidential. Ladies' Exchange,
313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER and order clerk, commission
house ; stenographer, special work, to-day.
313 Buih st.
EXPERIENCED nurse. traveling; assist
printer, photograph gallery- 313 Ftu sn Bt -
STITCH KRS on men r s~shoes. Address CALI-
FORNIA SHuK be., ivtaluma,
GIRL to wait at table In restaurant. Apply at
122 Fifth st.
LADIES earn $8 weekly doing needlework nt
home; no canvassing; inclose self-add reesed
stamped envelope for reply. Standard Nov-
elty Company, 101 Beekman St.. New York.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman for light
housework: good home; moderate wages.
1008 Castro st.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist at light house-
work. Call 617 Gough St.
YOUNG girl; light housework; good home;
small wages. 2708 Twenty- fourth st.
NEAT, willing German or Irish girl to assist
In general housework in a family of 2. 217
Third aye.
OPERATOR and finisher on buttonhole ma-
chine; also wrapper hands. POIDER, 416^
Kills st.
PERSON to give piano lessons for their board.
652 Sixth st.
WANTED— GirI to work at dressmaking. Call
605 Post St., room 14.
2 YOTTNG ladies for novelty vaudeville act;
good figures and athletic: amateurs preferred.
Address Vaudeville, box 988, Call office.
2 WAITRESSES wanted at Model Restaurant,
1212U Polk st.
DRESSMAKING and millinery thoroughly
taught by the only system receiving gold
medals in Europe and America; castti or week-
ly payments; patterns cut to fit, 25c up; send
for circular. McDowell Dressmaking and
Millinery School, 103 Post St.
STENOGRAPHER, attractive looking lady
about 30 years old. without incumbrance; j
must understand German and French and
write a good business letter; In physician's
office; no others need apply. Box 149, Call.
GIRLS can find employment by applying at
Home of Love for Children, 1301 Franklin St.,
Oakland.
WANTED— A few hundred more operators at
LEVI. STRAUS «■ factory, 32% Fre-
mont st. Inquire for Mr. Davis.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlns School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect flt: no trying on: trial free.
WANTED— GirIs and ladies to learn "Rood's
magic scale dress cutting system" complete in
10 days: open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
HELP WANTED-KALfi.
A^CARPENTER for a ranch; steady Job.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— BLACKSMITH Tor a ranch. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— INTO the beautiful mountains
of Santa Cruz County
12 laborers to build roads in the woods, $26
and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FOR a great sawmill
6 laborers to pile lumber $1 50 day
MURRAY & READY.
CM and 636 Clay st.
A— STABLEMEN Stablemen Stablemen
2 stablemen, city $28 and found
1 stableman, country $20 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
A— HAY baler? Hay pressers
3 strong men to bale hay, Napa County, 15c
ton. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
A— TO the Valley of Monterey
5 farm hands for a No. 1 ranch. MURRAY
■ & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
I A— WHAT 500 railroad
men wanted as teamsters and laborers
Free fart
When At once
Where Coast & S. J. V. R. R.
Wages $2 and $1 75 day
MURRAY &- READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A — BRICK manufacturing company
wants 5 good laborers; $1 75 to $2 day.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 63ii Clay St.
A — TO the woods and ice camps
5 men to cut 4-foot oak wood for San Mateo
Co., $1 50 cord, tools furnished; 21S men to
cut 4- foot pine and redwood In different
counties, $1 50 cord.
ALSO
306 tlemak»rs, «tllfferent parts of California.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and £36 Clay st.
A— GOLD miners gold
25 gold miners $2 60 day
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay at.
A— HERE in San Francisco we want
10 teamsters $1 75 and $1 50 day
26 laborers $1 75 and $1 60 day
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— l 2 WAITERS $25. $30 and $20
8 cooks '..160, $40 and $30
5 dishwashers $20, $1S and $15
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
A — CHOREMAN; cheese factory; $20 and
found MURRAY & READY. 634 and C 36
Clay at.
A MURRAY A READY
Want on Monday. 7 a. m June 27
2956 men
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St., Lead-
ing Employment and Labor Agents on the
I'acifio Coast.
A MII.XXX.- Milkers Milken
3 milkers for a State Senator $25 and found
3 milkers for Marin County, also 50n0ma. ..523
MURRAY * READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— 36 FARM hands $26. $35 and $20
15 haymakers $26 and found
12 orchard hands $20 and $26
5 choreboys and men for ranches — $10 and $15
MURRAY & READY.
634-630 Clay St.
A— IT costs you nothing Free fare
S5 2-horse teamsters $1 80 day
27 4-horse teamsters $1 75 day
Call early and work for — great railroad
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
A— TO the Great Mines
15 laborers to work around yard
1". furnace laborers
No experience required
5 firemen
Wages from $2 50 day
S. P. R. R. Co. have given us special re-
duced railroad rates to work, steady Job, for
this $15,000,000 corporation
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st
WANTED— -Marine fireman handy with tools,
$60 nnd boa.nl; call between 9 and 10 a. m.
to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
GENERAL store bookkeeper, Ben Lomond; 2
general store clerks. 313 Bush St.
STRICTLY on membership lines: no limit to
Introductions: trials for selection. 813 Bush.
WATCHMAN, Janitors, porters, butlers, fire-
man; investigate new proposition, subscrip-
tion. 313 Bush st.
MANAGING partner for well-established cash
business tn Oakland, to-day. 313 Bush st.
$15 PER week and per cent in profits, manager
cash business. Oakland. 313 Bush *t.
ALL first-class bookkeepers, stenojrraphers.
collectors, clerks, salesmen, call 313 Bush St.
ALL hotel heads of departments with good
credentials to call 313 Bush St.
WANTED— WaIter for short order house, $35.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
EDDY, 616— Wanted young lady or gent to
room and board: private family; reasonable.
WANTED— Cook for saloon. Dawson City Ho-
tel, 230 East St., near Folsom.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook with wife for
second work; references required. Apply to
B. P. OLIVER. 114 Montgomery St., bet. 9
and 11 a. m. Monday.
SHOEMAKER wanted for repairing; must be
Hi.l- in m>11; rpOj-pnoes required. 767 Market.
WANTED— Good cook; call early. 126 Ninth
street.
YOUNG man to drive business delivery wagon:
state age and wages desired. Address box
91. Call office.
PRESS boy wanted. Apply printing depart-
ment, JOHN PARTRIDGE, 9 Halleck st..
Monday morning.
TRAVELING salesman, gent's furnishings;
driver and solicitor; waiters. 313 Bush st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
FOR Alaska— 2oo rockmen and 100 laborers, $3
to $3 30 a day; reduced rates; shin daily by
rail and Thursday June 30, by steamer. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
A GANG of teamsters for the Coast Road
A gang of teamsters for the Valley Road
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
8 4-HORSE teamsters, Southern California;
free fare; ship Monday. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
1 MORE Ingersoll drill man for Mexico, $200.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
7 LABORERS for a railroad In the woods; ship
Monday morning; $20 and board. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD logger, sawmill company, $00 and board;
9 barkers and buckers for the woods, $35 and
board: woodchoppers, tie makers. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, $8S and found, country shop;
helper, $25 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
BUGGY washer, $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
11 FARMERS, different ranches, $20 and board;
cheese maker, $35 and found; milker, $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 COOKS for 2 mines in Juneau, Alaska, $60
and fare advanced
Cook for men at n mine in Southern Cali-
fornia. £60 and fare advanced; see party here..
Cook for a railroad camp, $80; free lare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
SECOND cook. $75; night cook, $75; night cook,
$55; lunch counter man. $60; second cook,
country hotel, fare advanced, $40; cake baker,
$35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WAITERS for a first-class country hotel, $35
and fare paid; 5 Eastern waiters, $40: 3 wait-
ers for a summer resort, $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
IRONER. Troy machine, $30 and found; washer,
hotel laundry, $.'!0 and found; marker and
distributer. $35, north; south, $30; box man-
gier, $35 and found, for a country hotel, free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MIKE ZORN, the laundryman. wanted. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor; state experience, age
and salary expected. Box 16, Call office.
GREAT amusement; "battle game"; agents
wanted: send 10c. G., box 11, Call, Oakland.
WANTED— Druggist; salary $80; give age, ex-
perience and reference. Box 108, Call office.
IF a boy 13 to 10 wants good home to travel and
wait on gentleman for clothing and found,
address immediately, with stnmp for answer,
D., box 12, Call office, Oakland.
SHOEMAKERS to buy findings and leather;
wholesale prices; men's uppers to order $1 up.
921 Howard st.
YOUNG man stenographer and typewriter and
to assist in office; one having own machins
prr-ferred; salary, $40. Address in own hand-
writing, stating age and references. Box 117,
Call office.
TWO men with $250 each; open gravel mine;
good pay. Call 1146 Mission st.
WANTED— Woodworker; elderly man; steady
Job. Address box 42, Call office.
WANTED— Barbers to buy shop; cheap. 1707
Market st. ; one chair.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
3" years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and C feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 29
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; Xc per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound. Mexico, etc. ; apply
Manners' Home. W. W. LANE, 604 DaviK st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber ttvda In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. IBSVj Eighth st.
SINGLE furnlehed fine, large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
! BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 32". Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 73c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wagea due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
VANTED-At Montana House. 764H Mission,
men to tirtce rooms; 100. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free hus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED!
BUY war novelties here: newes: goods, bottom
prices: enameled flag pins, 20c dozen: double
silk flag bow.-,, 24c dozen; Dewey flag and
cartridge pills, 32c dozen; 3S-caliber pills, 41c i
dozen; large flag, hinged front, with -words:
"To H— ll With Spain, Remember the Maine,"
40c dozen; bullet pins, 12c. dozen; miniature
.photos of war heroes in metal frames, 30c a
dozen; I have 500 different kinds of badges,
flags, medallions, pictures, etc., all at whole-
sale prices, large or small lots, assorted as
desired, 100 to 500 per cent profit; sample line,
$1; I ship every order same day received; try
me or send name and address for big cata-
logue, free! Illustrating 200 best seller?: get
ready for July 4 and a big boom. 1,. N.
CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver St., Boston, Mass.
WANTED — Men and women in every town to
work for us at their homes
NO CANVASSING.
We will ' send ; you' work immediately. ! Wa
have several lines of work to give out, some
of -which requires no experience whatever. It
you can't devote the whole day to our work
you can earn $5 or $6 a week by working ap
hour or two of an . evening. - Enclose stamp,
we will send you full Instructions free of
charge. Standard Art Manufacturing Com-
pany, 61 Standard building, 142. West Twenty-
• third St., . New York. .
WANTED— Representative in San Francisco
having wide acquaintance among the milk
trade to sell our preparation : an Income as-
sured. Address LACTOPRESERVO MANU-
FACTURING CO., box 212, Chatham, Morris
County, N. J.
AGENTS — profits; "Dewey and Bat-
tle Manila"; handsomest souvenir oupt: 6 col-
ors; 22x28; sample 6c. ; B. W. FORSHEE
CO., Cincinnati, Ohio. ■ •• s
A' .'TS for "Our Naval War With Spain";
splendidly Illustrated; only authentic book to
be published: free outfit now ready: aetiulek.
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bldg.. Chicago.
$1 PER day on $1 investment; new line of
goods. Address box 157, Call office.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion* and want ads taken. ■ ■ •-,. .
ROOMS WANTED.
2 OR 3 "unfurnished rooms; Polk and Taylor,
Post and Turk: limit. $12. A. J. S.. 486 Fell.
MONEY" WANTED.
$200— AT 2 per cent month; $10 monthly pay-
ments: good security. Box 31. Call office.
V. WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. •-;,
WANTED — North of Market: rooming-house
from 15 to 35 rooms; well furnished and good
building; pay cash. C. H. TAYLOR & CO..
1023 Market st. ...
WANTED— buy a well located meat market
north of - Market St. : cash. C. H. . TAYLOR
& CO., 1023 Marget st. • • '
GOOD double action harp very cheap. Box
774. Call office. . , . , , ■ .-,-,.
WANTED— Second-hand lady's bicycle, '97
model; cheap; state make and price. Box
22. Call office.
I WANT a safe scale stand desk, lettffr press ;'.
coffee mill. Box 348, Call . office. \ • . ■4. ■?; - .
_ "dentists.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; * see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted 10 years;
.' teeth without plates, crown and ■ bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and • -warranted. Chicago Den-
■ tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone J^sie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th ;
' no • charge ■: for '■> extracting ;, when plates - are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given. ,
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK,, genuine Leek dent-
. Ist,- discoverer ; of painless •: extraction and
.. patentee of • Improved "- bridge • work or teeth
■.:• without plate, ■ moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
;of teeth,- $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997. Market St.; cor. Sixth. "
NEW YORK methods ■at New York prices by
: - New York dentists. v Sixth and , Mission sts. ~.
L."-A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUeT
'•: removed to Call bldg., I Cth j floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. ■ DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st. :■ - .
SET of teeth 'without a i plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. : 1841' Polk; st. r- -;-.-; :>: >
CHIKOPODISTS.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, export chiropodist; electrlo
treatment for corns and buniona. • 204 Sutter, r. 4.
PERSONALS.
GREVEN'S latest war song, "Reme/nber. Boys,
the Maine." Is a big hit all over the coun-
try; for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms, 121 and 122 Mur-
phy building, 1236 Market st.
CHRISTOPHER McLENNON came to Cali-
fornia in ISSO from Baltimore, Maryland. He
was then about 50 years old: all persons hav-
ing any information whatever respecting him
or his relatives are urgently requested, for
the benefit of his heirs, to address the un-
dersigned, who will pay for successful infor-
mation. MILLER & BONSAL. Attorneys,
Equitable butldlnc Baltimore, Md.
ADOPTION— Wanted, a brunette boy or girl
bnby: good home. MRS. DR. PUNCKE, 1416
Klirhth Bt., Alameda.
MATRIMONY.
CALL or send 12c for June matrimonial paper.
Wedding Hell. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS I EKSONALS.
MME. DELLA FAUST has removed to her new
store; hair dressing, 25c; bleaching and dye-
ing; artistic hair work, scalp treatment and
everything pertaining to a first-class hair
business. 240 Stockton St., near Post.
I TAKE pride in doing only the most artis-
tic hair dressing: price 2"c only; good
switches $1; hest, finest quality, $3 SO; extra
heavy, long, f ."> ; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
<;. LEDERER. ill Stockton st.
QUINONIA hair tonio builds and strengthens
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
$,'.O CASH prize for best story sent before
August 15. Literary Burtau, "Bonaventure,"
Denver, Colo.
LADIES— My Monthly Regulator never falls;
box free. Mrs. B. Rowan, Milwaukee, Wis.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 BO to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary 3t.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMQS. Ill" Market st., bat. 7th and Sth.
URKSSMAKEKS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. \<V, Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special t»rms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
2." and 2(i. 1206 Market st., opposite Sixth.
PROFESSOR M. OMAR.
325 Eddy 5t.— 325.
Fee $1 00 and $2 00.
Hours— 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Always See the Rest.
Gives Invaluable advice on anything you may
be in trouble or In doubt of. Gives full names,
dates, facts, etc.. In all cases. Letters contain-
ing four questions and $1 answered. Perfect
satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
Fight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
50c.gents$l: palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market Rt.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck: locates burled
treasures; letters answered; inclose stamp.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader, re-
turned; ladles, 25c; gents, 50c. 951 Mission nt.,
near Sixth.
MME. LENEMAR; fortunes told by planets;
predicted in '74 overdue steamer on island.
23H Sixth at.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; cents.
2;" c. 221 Sixth St.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant, fee 250. 41
Minna st. : basement.
MME. MORF.AU, best medium and card
reader; 2;'. c up; by mail $1. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past
present and future: 25c. 14S Sixth st., room 10.
CLARA XORDLINGER, card-reader and palm-
ist. 101 Eddy St., room 12.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANTS card reader" and
palmist. 215 Kearny st.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 23c; ladles. 91-i O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for SI 50 a year.
SPIKITI ALJSM.
MRS. M. FAVRE removed from 836 Mission
st. to 1032 Market.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
M. FRANCES, In.!rp»ndent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, |l: cir. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m. ; Sat. 8: 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
daily. 212% Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Free lecture Sunday, 8 p.
m. , 3O. r > Larkin; readings at res., 353 Geary et.
HYPNOTISM
A— LECTURE Tuesday evening, June 28, Occi-
dental Hall, 305 Larkin st. ; subject, "How to
Cure Liquor Habit;" other diseases. Admis-
sion free. DR. S. TURMAN. 247 Larkin St.;
elevator.
SEND 10c for California Hypnotic Journal of
Psychology. California Institute, 4n<j Geary st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some quod pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLEB & CHASE'S
26, 28 and 30 OFarrell at. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
AS vacation Is here, freight being low, 5 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., Chickering agents.
FINE two manual pedal origan; fifteen stops;
water power; suitable for church. Statham's
Piano Ptore, lOC McAllister St., S. F.
CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.. cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover agts.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and othet pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post st.
AN elegant upright, little used, will be Bold Tor
cash at once; best offer takes It. J. DEWING
CO., second floor, Flood building.
AN almost new piano; very cheap; must sell
1661 Mission st.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
$75— ELEGANT Hazelton piano; cost $500- on $6
Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices "to
_all. W. C. HAMILTON', 324 Host St.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments -
_pUnos_to_rent at MAUVAM', 769 Market st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights $75 us
_rents. U up. IIKINK, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. n^xt Hihernla Bank. 6CHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles
KOHI.ER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H~
MUI.LKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; aiso^wagonsT^buggles"
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 3«i Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
2 HORSES for sale cheap; good for camping.
Apply corner Twenty-ninth st. and San Jose
avenue.
10 CAMPING horses cheap: wagons and har-
ness nu.-tlon every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES^
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; l fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
seoond-hand and new wagons; cheap. Bull's
Head Repository, Fifteenth and Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. ill Larkin, opp. City Hall.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— slooo INVESTMENT will dear $300 monthly
$2miO cash in sight. KREDO 4 C0., 22"-, Geary!
A— $1000; wood, coal, hay, grain and boardTnit
stable; monthly receipts $1500; rare chance
KREDO & CO., 22u Geary st.
A— s2so; restaurant, opposite cable house; $30
daily; 20 steady boarders; other good restau
rants from $200 to $300. KREDO & CO 22 W,
Geary sL ' *
$1000 — Corner grocery and bar; a rare chanc-
best location in city; receipts $20 daily full
value in stock. KREPO ft <<>.. a , Geary.
A—s2oo;A — $200; branch bakery, notions and school bud-
plies; near school. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
$600— FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale in!sakl
land; owner has had the place S years; loca-
tion is the best in the city; on principal
street; no opposition; clearing $200 per month;
tliis is a rare chance, aa the proprietor is go-
ing to Europe. McLAL'GHLIN & CO., 23
Kearny st.
SPECULATORS— I have positive inside infor-
mation on a stock that will make big profits
within the next fifteen days; will impart
same for one-third of the profits; write im-
mediately. SAMUEL BCOTT. I Wall at.. N. Y.
GREAT bargain — A well-stocked grocery store;
3 living rooms; horse and wagon; chicken-
houses; bearing fruit trees and garden; a
short distance from Oakland; 0 years' lease-
cheap run. Addreai box lti3. Call office.
PARTNER ivnntwl with a little money to
manufacture refrigerators, machine for cool-
ing refrigerator; 50 to 75 per cent cheaper thaa
Ice; retails only for $15. Address or apply G
q TERRY, MO Paelflc st.
A— MUST sell; see it; make offer; bakery, sta-
tionery, notions, fixtures for bar business-
established 20 years; present owner there 7
years; 4 rooms; rent $15. Box 88, Call office.
$800— COAL and wood yard; Western Addition^
long established; choice lot customers; rent
free; horses, wagons, e^c, worth $1000; city
agency. i5O Market et.
$250— PARTNER wanted; light business; indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
$126— GREAT sacrifice; fruit, vegetable store-
best location; receipts $12 to $20 day; must
Bell. BARRETT, 1125 Market, above Seventh.
FOR Sale or Exchange— Lodging house con-
talning 60 furnished rooms; good loeationi
owner has other business. Inquire 132 First st.
GOOD restaurant for sale; nice business for
man and wile that are willing to w rk; ch»ap
for cash. Address G., box 7, Call office.
WANTED— To invest $1000 and services ltTlegi-
timate business, or buy established business.
Box 109, Call office.
SALOON men, here's your chance, fixtures In
the liquor store, 244 Third St., at your own
price to-day.
$1000-SSOOO— PARTNER; wine business and vlne-
yard; references exchanged. Box 110, Call.
PARTIES desiring safe, profitable business!
particulars at room <"10. 927 Market st.
GOOD restaurant for sale or exchange; paying
business. Address box 101, Call office.
HAVE 240 acres: want partner to start stools
ranch or sell part. Box 105, Call office.
FOR Sale— Avenue saloon. City Hall and Park
aye.; rare chance for good saloon man.
$250— SALOON; day business. 606 Clay st.
FOR Sale— Grocery and bar; doing good bust-
ness. Address box 156, Call office.
FOR Sale— Corner liquor store; good locatloni
good chance. Apply 132 First St.
TWO good reliable men to investigate some-
thing new; to right parties first-class in-
ducements offered. Box 14, Call.
WILL build a simple and practical airship for
$3000. Address RUEFF, 620 Laguna st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 106 Second st.
GOOD night clerk for lodging house. 737 Mis-
sion st.; call between 2 and 3 p. m.
FOR Sale — Call route at Pan Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
ONE of the finest and best h>cated saloons in
the city at a sacrifice; cash or terms. Apply
at 1023 Market St., C. H. TAYLOR & CO.
WANTED— Partner with $100 for corner saloon,
with fixtures; good business place; rent $10;
with 3 rooms. 11 Eddy st., saloon.
BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor: worth thrr«
times amount; 3 living rooms. 300 Hayes st.
$500— PARTNER in established business paying
$50 to $100 a month. Box 33, Call office.
FOR Sale — A laundry route and wagon; owner
going East. Box 80, Call office.
$65— RESTAURANT for sale; owner leaving
city. 141 East st. f
FOR sale— Delicacy, butter and egg stand;
Grand Western Market, Polk and Austin sts.;
will sell cheap if sold at once; Investigate
this.
$fiOO— BAKERY In best country town, with
first-class private and store trade; good rea-
son for selling; rent $20. Apply Call office.
FOR SALE— Saloon and restaurant with or
without Improvements; rooms for family
and lease; cheap. Apply 3234 Mission st.
FOR Rent— lmproved place, 5 acres. For Sale—
1 horse, wagon, cow, 300 hens. Address bos
82, Cotatl, Sonoma County, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop doing fine business;
reason for selling, sickness. Address box 63,
Call office.
SURE, I will make you rich, lend me a llttl*
money. J. KELLETT, 12 Telegraph ay.. Oak.
$200— ESTABLISHED business on Market »t. ;
clears $75 per month. Address box 154, Call.
CORNER saloon, cheap for cash. 1121 Harrl-
son st.
$450 — BARGAIN; corner «aloon; low rent; owner
leaving city; has other business. Box US. Call.
$100— RESTAURANT outfit; a bargain. Applr
to P. McRAE, 827 Mission St.
FOR sale — Restaurant and chophouse; oppo-
site the ferries. Call at 18 East St.
WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; old-estab-
lished business; run by owner 6 years; rent
cheap. Inquire Call Office.
IN well-established wholesale and retail win«
and liquor business; reliable partner. Box
46. Call office.
FOR sale or rent: fish and poultry store; good
location: eaxy terms. 3089 Sixteenth st.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; good location;
rent $20; living rooms. Address box 14. Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento »t.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of Tha CalL
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
$200 PER month to go to Dawson; take charge
safety deposit vaults; must take $1500 Interest.
Box 89. Call office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE. 
~Z-K.KEX)O^CO. "~ " 2^r~Geary"^i. > ''
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 500
houses; al sizes: all prices.
' 6 rooms ;• flat free rent $125
7 rooms; Geary St.; elegant; new 225
8 rooms; Jones St.: clears $20..... 223
9 rooms: sunny and pleasant; clears $25... 275
9 rooms; Mission-st. . corner. ; 350
9 rooms: nicest little house on Taylor st... 350
Many large houses from 50 to 500 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st. :
Money to loan on furniture at 2«4 per cent.
15 rooms; central: part cash.. $700
19 roms; sunny corner: Al location 600
21 rooms; near Call office: offer wanted .....
50 rooms; clears $175 on Investment 3000
6G rooms; rent $115- good furniture 3000
67 rooms; best location In city 3000
A— s2ooo; the chance of a lifetime; apartment
house 42 rooms; clears $100 a month; will
bear strict investigation. DECKER, 1020
Market st. ■
LODGING-HOUSE; main st.; 25 rooms;
old established; money maker; cash or trade.
City Agency, 850 , Market st.
$2700 CASH will buy house of 24 rooms: cheap
rent; north of and near Market St.; good
paying and well established. Box 113. Call.
HOTEL for sale: easy terms: 26 rooms fur-
nished: Jot .Included. Address ,2a6 Third st.
TAYLOR " Must sell furniture; 10-room
house. Call between 1 and 3 p.m.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 14 rooms; "house can
Ibe rented cheap. Apply 115 South Park.
BEAUTIFUL hardwood bedroom set. kitchen
.cupboard. . chairs. IS36A Eddy St.
FURNITURE of 10-room house; owner going
to Europe. 509 Jones st. _^_
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; clean*,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
; Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Fitter St.;
■ tel. Main 394.. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 45S
Stevenson St.; tel S. 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: aid at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
Great Eastern - Steam : Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201. ,
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
. st. ; cleaning 3c ; a yard tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating 4 Works. 833 Oolden
Gate aye.; tel. . East 126.CITY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.,
Real Estate Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery st.
BUILDERS. ATTENTION!
Lots only half a block from Misslon-st. eleo-
trlc cars; all ready to build on; street work
done; price $35 per foot, any frontage; good
depth.
R 5£ IDEXCE LOTS-ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
a Jl c lotB> any frontage, 100 feet deep, on
Asubury et. ; $75 per front foot.
„_ GEARY-ST. COTTAGE CHEAP.
S-000— Cozy bay-window cottage of 5 rooms
oath; brick foundation, etc.; 25x55.
CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
$.500 — Corner, 20xj7:6; on Nineteenth st.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
J2ioo— 2-story house of 9 rooms and rear house-
Pacific at.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
* 31(V1 Isadero st.; 26x110 each; on
the drive to the Park.
EASY TERMS-WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
$3350— Nice t-story bay-window residence of
8 rooms and bath, etc. ; will be sold on very
easy terms, equal to rent.
ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT
Western Addition flats; rents $42 per
mon::i; 4 flats and lot 25x90; street accepted
by the city.
A GOOD BUSINESS CORNER.
*43<X>— Corner on Pacific st. ; double cottage
•i 6 and 5 rooms and bath each: rents $36;
•tores could be put" underneath; 45x60; both
■treets accepted.
MT'ST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$>uoo— Only half a block from the Geary-st.
c«rs; 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each;
large lot, 57:6x201:6, with an L 65:6x101:6.
„,„ A BARGAIN IN TWO FLATS.
15600— Steiner st. : 2 elegant, nearly new flats,
with a high basement, which could be converted
into another flat nt very little expense; 27:6 x
I<X>:3; rents $47 50, which could be Increased
to about $70.
„_. CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
, JJ 5 ™— A good lot for store and 6 flats; 84:6 x
110; corner on Devlsadero st.
AN INVESTMENT ON GOLDEN GATE AYE.
♦6300—2 flats and cottage; lot 27:6x137:6; front
part of lot vacant.
__ WILL EXCHANGE.
$■500— Double house of S rooms and bath each;
rents $600 per annum; Clay st.; will exchange
lor property near San Mateo.
CREAM RESIDENCE DISTRICT OK THE
MISSION.
$11.000— Dolores st., the Van Ness aye. of the
Mission; a fine 2-story, basement and attic resi-
dence of 12 rooms and bath, laundry, etc. : fur-
nace, library, hardwood floors, stable; driveway;
very sunny; beautiful grounds; 7i:6x132 to an
alley.
CHEAP CORNER INVESTMENT.
$15,000— Rents $1500 per annum; 4 substantial
f-story and basement houses of 8 rooms and
bath each; corner on Pine St.; S7xS2:6; both
streets accepted; houses always rented.
.. CORKER ox VAX NESS AYE.
$35,000— Business corner, 60x117:6; old improve-
ments; a splendid location for stores and halls.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of properties for
Bale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
IF you want gncd city property Fend for our
list: If you want to sell, list your property
with us. THE REYNOLDS COMPANY, 403-
401 Examiner building.
PAYS SIXTEEN il«) PER CENT.
Tenement: near Market st. ; rented for $44
monthly; lot 25xS0 feet; price $3250.
PAYS FOURTEEN (14) PER CENT.
Fnur flats on Tehama. near 2d; good brick
building; rents $55 monthly; price $4750.
PAYS ONE PER CENT.
Fine flats near Market st.: steady tenants;
rents m monthly lot Kx117:6 feet; price $3000.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. FLATS.
For sale cheap; 4 and 5 rooms; In good shape;
rents for $37 monthly; owner must sell; price
$4000.
FINE GOUGH-ST. RESIDENCE.
Brand new; 15 rooms; lot 40 feet front; marine
View; price |
CHEAP LOTS! CHEAP LOTS!
CHEAP LOTS 1 . CHEAP LOTS!
We have a list of especially cheap lots In all
parts of the city; send for it.
Mr A FEE BROTHERS.
MA FEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
' ANTIAL modern dwelling; fine grounds;
choice view: good neighborhood; 906 Guerrero
Ft., near Twenty-first: 9 rooms, bath, base-
ment, furnace; 34x117:6, to rear 6treet.
-Cottage, 5 rooms, bath, in good order;
Florida St.. near Twenty-second; 25x100.
IZ2>"*— House, 6 rooms and hath; Eighteenth
Ft , n^ar Mission; 24x92; $1500 can stand on '
- ige.
-A neat home; Capp St., near Nine- ]
teenth; S rooms, bath, stable, tank, yard, well-
part cash.
$3000— Flat and store, with oven for bakery;
Seventeenth st., near Noe; Etreet accepted; i
25x91:6. j
$325 ft— Cottage: 325 Haight: B rooms; 25x95;
Will be s<->]«i to highest bidder June 27, 12 noon.
$760 — Lots on Twelfth aye., near I St.; street
graded and.»ewered; -5x120.
A bargain; Twenty-eighth st., near
Church
$3000— Diamond, near Twenty-fourth; 3 flats;
12x106.
$300— Laidley st. ; well located, near electric j
cars; 2.'x; "i.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery «t.
THERE ARE TWO
WAYS OF LIVING—
One way is for the renter, who pays out his
■ttoney, month after month, never accumulat-
ing anything; the other way is for the sensi-
ble Investor, who makes the paying out of
money serve some good end — such as securing a
home for himself and family.
All over the city are rent payers— from gen-
.to generation they never have a horne — I
from year to year It Is the same struggle to
meet the landlords' demands. Out In the Hey-
man Tra<u there are over 100 families who, in !
a few short years, have placed themselves be- :
yond the landlord's power by taking advantage
of the Heyman plan of providing homes on
monthly payments. Streets are graded, sewers
laid. Electric oars bring you down town In 20 j
minutes Take Mission-st. cars, transfer to
Twenty-second st., to Hoffman aye. and ask
for MX. JAMES A. COTTER, resident agent,
who will show you around. JACOB HEYMAN,
11 Montgomery st., will give all particulars.
RICHMOND lots— 2 fine level building lots on
Ninth aye. and California st. ; 25x120 each- j
$10 monthly; cheap. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 j
Montgomery st.
1 BLOCK of level land, as a whole or in lots-
1 hlnrk from electric road; suitable for chick- :
m ranch or dairy; at a bargain; $10 monthly
>B HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st. ;
OTB in Bunaet District, Golden Gate !
i'ark, on $;, monthly payments. JACOB HEY- '
:«. 11 Montgomery st.
$13 35 MONTH will buy a neat new 4-room-and- i
bath cottage, with level lot; only $50 down- !
electric cars close by. JACOB HEYMAN 1
Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St.. oppo-
Bite Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
". formerly $9000— Rent $70; 4 fine flata
m Addition : lot Mxtt.
$1800. formerly $2000— Centrally located houae
and lot.
$5500— An excellent double flat of 7 and 7
torn and bath each in the best portion of
the Western Addition.
MMM. reduced from $6500— Rent $60; good
business corner on Clay st.
$4000— Formerly (5600; fine residence, with
good businesn future.
$4150 for a splendid house and lot 25x110-
Gclden Gate Park, near Baker et.
H7.QoO— Miasloa Ft., near Sixteenth; a splen-
did property; lot 62:6x105. all covered with
lmproveii.<
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$42.500— Taylor ft., near Market; largt lot;
well improved; stores and flats.
$32.500— Eddy st., near Market; centrally lo-
cated; store and flats.
HAS A GREAT FUTURE.
$25,5^0— A very prominent corner lot. 66x100:
well Improved; paying S per cent; and will
go up to $50,000.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK
$16,000— Rent $160; a 2-corner house of 43
rooms and 6 baths.
■-Rent $60; 4 flats on Geary st. ; Tot
-Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary st.
$2400— Rent $25; a double flat; 5 rooms be-
low and 6 rooms upstairs.
$2'\o'o— Rent $260; stores and flats; never va-
cant.
$14, T00 will buy a McAlllster-st. property:
2 stores and 2 flats; 3 blocks from City Hall
A SNAP.
$ICOO cash, balance on mortgage, will buy a
lot 28x100, with a 2-story house and stable,
three blocks trom new City Hall.
BARGAIN— 2 choir* central flats; part" cash!
Call 1 to 4 MB Hydt st.
PRESII'IO Heights— Ktw house, 8 rooms. $4500;
Clay at, l»-t. Locust and Spruce. Apply on
premises or 2518 Pine st.
: HOMES
ON THE INSTALLMENT PLAN
CHEAP.
CALL AT 107 TENTH ST.
FOR SALE— 27I7 Twenty-first rt.. near Bry^ 1
tint; new 7-room cottage; all modern Improve- J
ments; see owner on premises on Sunday
from 10 to 13 a. m. and 2 to 4 r- m., or apply i
J. FLAHERTY, builder, 1207 Mar'iet, jv. Bth. j
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate. Agents.
Established ISSB. 626 Market st.
Must sell to close estate: an elegant inside
property on Pine ft., between Larkin and
Polk; 25x137:6; 2 buildings; only 55500 asked.
McAllister St.. near Fillmore: 2 large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
■ $5200— Rents $540; Rausch St.. near Seventh
and Howard; 25x112.
$8000— Washington st, near Webster; 9
rooms and bath; lot 28x128.
Must be sold— 2 fine flats on Hayes St., near
. Buchanan; !ot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$7000— $900 per year; Pacific-st. corner,
near Powell; 60_65:9.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms
and bath; lot 23x137:6.
Geary st., corner Broderlck; elegant corner
store and flats; paying good income; lot
25x92.
$2900— Twenty-fifth, near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot: 21st St., near Castro;
I 6 rooms and bath; 25x114. -
$1400— Cottage and lot; Duncan St., near
: Church; 4 rooms and stable; lot 25x114.
$4000— Webster St.. near McAllister: 6 rooms
; and bath and rear house; lot 25x54:6.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga St., near
23d; 32:6x117:fi.
$2500— st., nr. 16th; 6 rooms and lot 25x
I 100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., one
block off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-
half purchase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7.
50 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut:
! $6000; 137:6x137:6.
$3000— Corner Lombard and Octavia; 46:6x100.
Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay st, near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— st, near Waller; 25x125.
$1750— Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
$1500— Turk St., cor. Central aye.; 27:6x110.
$1250— Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— 7th aye.. near J. st; 25x120.
$1800— North side Golden Gate ay*., near
Central aye. ; 25x110.
California, near Second aye; 25x100; • only
$SOO.
$800— Valparaiso, nr. Filbert & Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
E. W. HAWKINS, Dealer in Real Estate,
Mortgages. Loans ; and Insurance.
11 Montgomery st (Lick House block.) .
$4000— Reduced from $4500; Pine, near Steiner;
I cottage, 5 rooms and bath, with stable, etc.
size 27:'6x77:6.
$3200— John st-. near Mason; I flats; rents $34.
$2600— Rlngold St.; 4 flats; rents $23; size 25
x 75.
i $4000— Central aye., near Golden Gate; 2 flats;
rent $361; size 25xK)0.
Cottage; York St., near Twenty-fifth
i nearly new; bay-window; 6 rooms and bath;
size 26x100.
$5000— Leavenworth st., near Filbert; 3 new
flats: modern; fine marine view; rent $50; size
25x112.
$5000— Eddy st., near Steiner; 2 flats, 5 and 6
rooms and bath; size 25x137:6.
Bargains'. Bargains!— New modern houses
and flats: choicely located, near Golden Gate
Park; easy payments.
Apply to E. W. HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO. ~
Returned from temporary offices to 513 Cali-
fornia st. •
IMPROVED.
$12. 000 — Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6: with house.
■ O'Farrell, nr. Jones; 22x63:9; rent $35; cheap,
i $6000 — Washington, nr. Mason; 20x137:6; rents
$SS.
$10,500— Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
$15,000— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x120 to Lin-
den aye.
Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
2 flats, 13 rooms; rent $57.
$6500— nr. Buchanan; 25:9x60; flats; rents
$55 50.
. $6250— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:6.
i $5500— Cor. Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
$B>oo— Page, nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 8
rooms and bath.
Lombard, nr. Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house of
10 rooms and bath; marine view.
— Filbert, nr. Taylor; 20x60; rent $46.
$4200— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$2500— 3d aye., nr. Clement st. ; 25x120; cottage.
$1400 — Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60; improved.
$5000— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x84:6.
$1700 — Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
UNIMPROVED.
$2500 — Stel'ner, nr. Oak; 25x100.
$1400 — Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 25x125.
Scott, nr. Washington: 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
25x120; Boyce and Rose aye.; 3 lota.
25x&5; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
$lluO— Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
NEW, elegant houses; your own terms; grand
marine view; on Leaven worth, nr. Lombard.
CORNER lot 100x100 on Misslon-Zoo-park line;
a bargain. See owner. 413 Kearny st.
C. C. BEMIi!
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road.
$5000 — Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet
$6700 — 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
50-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300 — Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
St.; 109x95 feet.
SEE 'em to-day— New 4, 5 and "-room houses;
easy rental terms. W. A. HICKS, builder,
Acadla St., Sunnyside Tract.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, First Floor.
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100. $160 to $250; level building lots near
Mission street electric ears; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400. $450 to $850: officially graded; superb
view; $25 down. $10 monthly.
SOL GET/; & BROTHER
$400. $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered: $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker building.
TO close an estate— Offer wanted for large
residence and grounds in Western Addition:
positive bargain. Full particulars of FRED
H. DEAKIN, 104 Sutter St., S. F.
! NEW cottage 5 rooms: lot 25x100; one block
Mission cars; $15 monthly: will »nt out-
side lot part payment. See owner, 413 Kearny.
i $2100— BARGAIN; cottage, B rooms and hath:
warm belt of Mission; easy terms. Apply
2245 Mission st., between 18th and 19th.
VALUABLE piece Improved city property;
great prospective value; trade for lots.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
$525 — LOT and cottage, 4 rooms and bath; in-
stallments. 9 Couvier st,, near St. Mary's
College.
LOTTA St., near the Affiliated Colleges, and
Stanyan rt. ; 75 feet from Parnassus aye.
electric line; a cheap lot; will build any
kind of house on any kind of terms. W. W.
REDNALL. builder, 1326 Hayes Pt.
MONEY TO LOAN.
■ MONEY loaned on office and household furnl- '
ture and pianos; 2 per cent. P. KELLY. Heal
Estate & Money Broker, 461 9th st., Oakland.
i HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st.; tel. Green 204.
I LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays; J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate; 2d
: and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bat i\ furniture without remova*. R. Mc-
: COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., ro6m 3.
ON furnltur*, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
■ private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
I ON pianos, furniture; no removal : lowest rates;
I no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
j $100, CCO TO loan on income city property; $10.-
! 000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1405 Call bldg.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
I
1 $60 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
1 any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, C2S Market st.
TYPEWRITERS^
FOR SALE— No. 2 Remington typewriter, good
order. $30. 632 Market St., room 23.
i ALL typewriters sold and rented; few 'partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgmry.
yosT, good order. $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & HANNAN. ?"i Montgomery st.
BICYCLER.
22-INCH frame bicycle, $15. Call after 9 a.
to. at 469 Gearp et., room _
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BUSINESS Property, ' ■ "~~~
$7500 — Mission st; large lot, 35x130: new im-
provements, consisting of store and flats, 6 and
7 rooms: all rented for $63.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery Bt.
A GOOD investment.
$7750— Rent $70; Fulton st, near Laguna:
lot 27:6x120; 2 houses of 6 rooms and bath and
basement: also 3 flats on rear street.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
GREAT snap— s2loo; Larkin St., near Green-
wich; cottage 6 rooms and bath: lot 2.'x105. ;
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP cottage. $1500: very easy terms; good
cottage of 5 rooms and bath: street work done;
close to Guerrero-st -'^trie cars. .<.'■-"■■•:
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
MAKE an offer.
Fillmore st. business property; none better
ever offered; $16,500; stores and flats; on best
part of the street: lot 50 feet front; pays over
9 r>er cent.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery at
BIG interest.
$2500— Rent $30; Shipley I st, near Fourth; 3
flats, 4 rooms each. "■ ' . ,
BALDWIN _ HOWELL 10 Montgomery st.
A— sBsoo; rent $80; 8 handsome new flats of 6
rooms each, Just completed; Baker st, close
to Park entrance: good location; large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st
A— s3ooo; rent $32; lot 25x120; Fourth aye., near
Clement; 2 good flats of 5 rooms each.
Baldwin & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A— s3soo; Lake st, near Ninth avenue; new
1%-story cottage of 7 rooms and bath; beauti-
ful park directly in the rear of the house;
easy terms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
PRICE $27,500. ■ ~~~
RENT. $222.
Splendid improvements, stores and flats;
rented for $222; large corner; 2 prominent
streets in Western Addition.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st
TERMS $200 CASH.
$5 MONTHLY.
Price $600; cottage of 2 rooms, chicken house;
lot 25x100: fenced; street graded, sewered and
macadamized; near Guerre electric, car.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
COUNTRY HEAL. ESTATES.
STOCK LANDS FOR SALE. . •
7200 acres, Fort Seward ranch, with or with-
out 600 head of stock cattle. - >--» : \-/-
2400 acres; Woodman ranch.
6000 acres; Alder Point ranch.
All located on Eel River, Humboldt County;
banner stock county and lands of California;
never failing water and wood; no droughts, j
These ranches will be sold on terms to suit
purchasers. For full particulars write H. T.
FAIRBANKS. Petaluma, Cal.
AN IDEAL COUNTRY HOME. ~~ ~~~"~ ~
450 acres near Santa Cruz, on main road ;
modern house of 18 rooms, barns, farming
Implements, stock, etc. : an abundance of
water and timber; price $30,000, on easy terms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
* 638 Market st.
$500—160 ACRES clear level fruit or grain land;
Fresno County; house and barn; 4 miles from
railroad.
$950—73 acres near Highland Springs, Lake
County; nearly all level; house and outbuild-
ings; family orchard; alfalfa patch; good
water. '
$1500— SO acres; Amador County; 5 acres
bearing orchard; house and barn; 4 miles to
railroad.
C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St., room 4.
FOR SALE; a bargain; 710 acres fine graz-
ing and pasture land and excellent improve-
ments: price $5000.
20 acres fine land and good improvements;
Contra Costa County; $1500. >
If you have good property to sell, list it with
us; if you want to buy send for our list. THE
REYNOLDS COMPANY, 403-4 Examiner bldg.
220 ACRES FOR $5000.
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass
Valley in mining district. McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery st.. S. F.
A— ss DOWN, $5 monthly, no interest, no taxes,
for fine 10-acre tracts of fruit land, near Au-
burn, Placer County; $15. $20 and $25 per acre;
over 750 acres sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
MILL Valley— For sale, house In a desirable lo-
cation. Address box 134, Call office.
FOR Sale — 10 acres, well improved, with new
buildinps. large orchard; 1 mile from station;
3 n.: mford University. For par-
j titulars apply P. O. box 139, Redwood City.
No» agent.
WANTED— CIear country property in exchange
for fine house and large lot In beautiful Ala-
i meda; value $8700. R. S. FALCONER & CO..
Bay Station. Alameda.
I OAKLAND AOTERTBEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
A~FEW~FORCED SALES.
Th-Fe :in> all genuine bargains. Monthly
payments can be arranged.
$6011 — House of 5 rooms; lot 25x100; near Mar-
ket-st. station: must be Bold.
$Cso— Plain house of 6 rooms with lot 50x100,
near the San Leandro road, In Fruitvale;
, walking distance of trains.
H2sQ— slo per month; cozy cottage of 5 rooms
j and lot 37:6x100; near Telegrap aye.; nice little
'
$1350 — Cottage of 6 rooms; choice central lo-
I cation. 3 blocks from Broadway; owner is
I back East and has to sell this place.
$275— Desirable lot 25x100: on Buena Vista
I aye.. in Alameda. HUGH M. CAMERON. Real
I Estate Dealer. 479 Ninth st.. Oakland, Cal.
-Choice new modern home on prominent
street; just completed; lot 45x100; extra fine lo-
HUGH M. CAMERON, 47» Ninth St..
Oakland.
NO reason for paying rent when you can get
a new 3-room cottage and lot s<>xl2s in the Al-
vin Tract for $500 on payments of $5 monthly;
! take Haywards local to Elmhurst and sec those
new cottages: 3 already sold. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 31 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Clear country property In exchange
for fine house and large lot In be«utiful Ala-
. meda; value $37'" It. S. FALCONER & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda.
ONLY $600 — Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x115; 2
blocks from Market-st. Station. W. P. RYAN,
■ • 1 Seventh st., Oakland.
LOTS— s:.') upward: Jo cash, $5 monthly.
$450— New cottage of 4 rooms arid lot; your
i own terms.
$125 for barn, well and lot; $10 cash, $5
monthly; build your own home, or we will
buil'l it for you; payment as rent; all streets
graded, some macadamized; 3 electric car lines
and fine school near: soil, climate and view the
very best; Allendale settlement. East Oakland;
building up rapidly; call or send for circular,
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
$4000— SUBURBAN; 2 acres bearing orchard:
new, modern 7-room cottage; bath; city
water; location convenient to electric cars;
.everything goes; horse, buggy, hay, ' Imple-
ments; model chicken ranch; easy terms.
LAYMA.NCE REAL ESTATE. CO., 460-4C2
Eighth St., Oakland. .
SSOOO— IOO-ACRE grain ranch near . Oakland:
clear; sell or trade for good property only.
E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway.
FINE resort for sale or exchange. E. E.
BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland. »■ ■ '
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, single and double rooms, $1 to $3;
suites, $2 50 to $3; transients solicited. Oriental
Hotel, £04 Washington.. 'A block from station.
HOTEL , WILSON. ': newly ; rurntshed and ' reno-
vated: under new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
plan; the table Is a special feature; meals 15s
up; special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehler
& Co.. Props.. 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
OAKLAnU HOUSES TO LET.
FOR Rent— s7s; a strictly up-to-date residence,
14 rooms, billiard room, etc.; fine neighbor-
hood; excellent view of city, bay and ocean;
convenient to cars ! and trains; rooms' hand-
somely carpeted and ready for furniture; will
rent or lease: responsible parties only need
apply. R. J. MONTGOMERY. 1112 Broadway.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court: conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
. tral; 559 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.""
FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE L*>R!flC. r.r? Eighth «t.
OAKLAND KUR.MTURE FOR SALES.
FURNITURE r 1. household good* thi* week.
PPHET.T.HAAS 1 old Ptor^. 4n*t Fl"venth »t.,
OAKLAND MERCHANT TAILORS.
SUITS made to order on Installments; $1 week
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway. Oakland.
lIEKKELEV REAL ESTATE.
WILL build house on easy payments one block
i south ■. of University -of California, i Berkeley,
i oh ■ lot . improved already ■ with choice • flow-
ers, trees, etc.  Address, M. .L. WURTS,
Wurts' block, Broadway and Seventeenth st '
Oakland. .-/..'.:",''■:'...• ,;
$2200— 5-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
m €0x137; constantly rented, $22: great . bargain
KREESE & CODINGTON, •; 2119 Stanford
■place, opposite Berkeley Station. : ,
BERKELEY HOLSES.'
BERKELEY— ' » rent; ' v modern V, house, 8
rooms; near station; beautiful location; fur-
. - nace In basement; rent reduced. Owner, J. J.
• NORMAN. 312 . Post at. :.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real estate.
speciaiTnotice. ~~~~~~~ ."': ■" "'"■/";■'
first come, first served
just LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200, $2600, $3000. .-.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. ' They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located. near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 636 Market St.. '
San Francisco.. Open Sundays and holidays.
9-ROOM house and stable; & block Willow
Station; easy terms. Address box 140, Call.
WILL build modern 5-room house on a nice
lot, good location: only $1600: terms. Apply
to owner. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park. Alameda.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chapin st.
CHEAPEST and beßt in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. __ .
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
ALAMEDA— let or exchange, a fine home
of 9 rooms, attic, basement; gas and elec-
tric lights throughout; all modern conve-
niences; rent $50 per month. 1439 Morton St.,
near Morton-st. station, narrow guage.
FINE 6-room cottage, $16: 6-room cottage, with
water. $15. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st
FRtJITVALH REAL ESTATE.
CHICKEN ranch of 2 acres for rent at $12 50
per month, with 2 years' lease and house of 4
rooms, windmill and tank; stock and improve-
ments for sale, consisting of 1 horse, 1 spring
wagon, 1 cow, 8 hogs, 450 chickens, 250 ducks.
75 geese, 40 turkeys, 30 pairs of pigeons; cus-
tomers' route in Oakland. For particulars in-
quire of H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station
$750— BAY-WINDOW cottage of 3 rooms, hard
finished; high basement; good well, barn, 5
chicken houses, 140 chickens, horse, harness
and wagon, furniture; lot 50x160; all fenced
and cross-fenced. H. A. PLEITNER, Fruit-
vale Station.
60x115— A FINE building lot, with artesian well,
chicken house; all fenced; good location; all
for $250. H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
FOR Sale— sl6oo; 6-room modern house; large
tank, windmill and good well; lot 72x145;
stable and use of 5 acres fruit; High st,
Frultvale. Address V., box 9, Call, Oakland.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN — :
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN | St.
• HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st
ATTENTION, Dressmakers— Sutter St., 5 or
8 rooms; extra workroom 23x33 feet; choice,
sunny, reasonable; appreciated If seen.
HOUSE of 10 rooms and bath: latest improve-
ments; reduced to $25. 1207 Turk st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and T^ike Bts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
ELLIS. S26— House of 11 rooms; near Van Ness
avenue.
HOUSE to let— 34 rooms and bath; newly
painted. 933 Mission st. ■-
HOUSE 4 rooms, attic, stable, reasonable for
right party. Inquire 820% Jessie st, off 9th.
NEW, elegant houses; your own terms; grand
marine view; on Leavenworth, nr. Lombard.
NICE dwelling, 441 Fifth st.; .7 rooms; large
yard; low rent to responsible tenant
SEE it; sunny house, 9 rooms, bath; laundry;
garden; rent low. 2012 Pine Bt
TENTH, 149, near — Sunny - house, 7
rooms; bath; large yard; garden; good order
cheap.
6 ROOMS; bath and laundry; marine view;
rent $22 50. 190S Broadway.
$12—5 ROOMS. 3260 Twenty-second st, near
Valencia,
$25— SUNNY house. 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
$27 50— 2-STORY house, 7 rooms, bath; cellar;
yard. 453 Haight st. '
FLRMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
A MOST desirable home of 14 rooms; baths;
very finely furnished; good surroundings:
worth $150; the right party can have it 3
months at $75
A good house of 9 rooms and bath; well
furnished; centrally located Jn good neigh-
borhood $55
A i retty flat of 4 rooms and bath; furnish-
ings new; reasonably n'>ir center $23
A good unfurnished house of 12 rooms and
bath: central; good lease to good party $S6
A very nice unfurnished house of 9 rooms
and bath; good location $35
A very neat flat of 7 rooms and bath; near
the City Hall; unfurnished $28
A g.->od unfurnished house of 8 rooms and
bath: 2 servants' rooms; a bargain $40
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 403-4C4 Examiner bldg.
GROVE. 818, bet. Webster and Flllmore— Sunny
furnished flat, fi rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable If desired; rent reasonable; references
given and require 1; call between 10 and 2.
PINE, 2324— Furnished or unfurnished house, 9
rooms. Call between 2 and 5 o'clock.
TAYLOR. SlO — Completely furnished sunny
bouse, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
ami 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 3 rooms, large yard and cellar. 716
Florida St.. near 20th; rent $9.
MODERN cottage; 401 Laurel st., corner Sacra-
mento: sun all day. Apply MADISON &
BL'RKE.
NOE, USS. near Twenty-fifth, take Twenty-
second st. cars— sls to $18, 3 or 4 rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; no other roomers; nice
garden.
4 ROOMS, 116 Congo St., sunny side, $9, or will
sell; $50 cash, balance $io per month. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 64C Market st.
$17— COTTAGE. 6 rooms and bath; near car
line: fine garden. IJS7 Noe st.. bet 24th & 25th.
$20— COTTAGE. 5 rooms: prettiest In city: new;
5962 Twenty-first St.: key at corner Grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A— WE want lf>o tenants at once to rent cot-
tages, flats and houses; willing to make in-
ducements: 3-room flats, $6 to $9; 4 rooms, $10;
E rooms, $12 up. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S,
602 Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HoWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
AN elegant sunny upper modern flat of 5
rooms, bath and basement; rent reasonable.
1387 Vallejo st., near Larkln.
A> "legant flat, 7 rooms and bath, $35. 625
Post st.
A— HOWARD, 1720, KW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teen*— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
APPLY 1722 Howard, near 13th— New, choice,
sunny, 4 big rooms, bath, $16; water free.
DEVISADERO, 714— Upper flat. 5 rooms and
bath; sun all day; $15.
ELEGANT modern-built flat, 5 rooms and bath.
919 Capp st.
FELL, 511— Flat of four rooms; bath, gas; hot,
cold water, yard and basement; $15.
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; reason-
able. 411 Lyon st., near Hayes.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; all modern
improvements, Twentieth, bet. Howard and
Capp; flat of 4 rooms and bath, 5412, cor. Capp.
FLAT of 3 front rooms for housekeeping, $10.
21 Page st.
FOR Rent— Flat and stable, $15; or stable with-
out flat, $5. 214 Langton st.
FOURTEENTH, 188, near Howard— Modern
sunny 4 rooms, bath, basement, yard, $16.
FULTON, 118— Fine middle sunny flat, 7 rooms,
bath; near City Hall.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnit-heii hall; gas.
GROVE, 720—4 large light rooms; gas, bath;
sunny yard, garden; sunny side.
HANDSOME modern flat, 7 rooms, bath and
basement: 1605 McAllister st., near Devisa-
dero; cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
HANDSOME 7 and 8 rooms; middle and lower
fiat; modern improvements. 1127-1129 Bush st.
HARRISON. 2041, opp. Eighteenth— 3 sunny
Mat 3, 3 and 4 rooms: rent $9 and $10.
HELEN. 3, near California and Leavenworth—
Fine' flat, 6 rooms, bath; only $14; see it to-
day. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
,v !:.--EY, 339, near Castro— Modern flats: 5 and
6 rooms, basement; baths; yard; $12 and $13.
MCALLISTER, 1263, near FUlmore— Upper flat,
7 rooms, bath, large porch; very convenient.
MINNA, lOlfi. near Eleventh— A flat of 5 sunny
rooms; rent reduced.
MODERN sunny upper flat, 8 rooms, bath;
yard, basement: J25. 639 Minna St.; key at 627.
NEW fiat. r. rooms, bath: latest improvements;
120. 828 Lombard st.
NINTH. 241— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
and bath: $15.
PAGE. 434. near Webster — 3 sunny rooms, bath,
furnished or unfurnished; Inquire 9 to 12.
PINE, 1225, near Hyde— Flat of 6 sunny rooms
and bath; low rent to responsible tenant.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
STEINER, 207, near Haight— Flat of 5 rooms
and bath; rent reduced.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms; modern Improvements;
<rent cheap. 531 Thirteenth st., corner Market.
SUNNY upper and lower flats, 5 and 6 rooms;
modern improvements. 1826-1830 Ellis st.
SUNNY top flat, 4 rooms. 125 Ivy aye., near
Mechanics' Pavilion.
VALENCIA, 469 and 4SI, cor. Sixteenth— 6 rooms
and bath; rent $16 and $22; choice; investigate.
4 SUNNY rooms. 11 Elwood St., off O'Farrell.
near Mason.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye.. $IS, $14. $15. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., oft Twelfth st.
4 ROOMS and bath; rent reduced. 221 Laurel
aye., off Van Ness, bet. Turk and Eddy sts.
6 ROOMS and bath; all modern improvements.
72" '• Turk st.
' $12—5 SUNNY rooms and bath; all improve-
ments. 44 Lexington aye., nr. Eighteenth st.
$14— BEAUTIFUL sunny flat 5 rooms, bath;
modern improvements. 61 Pond St., between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
$15 PER month; flat 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St.,
between Third and Fourth.
$17—6 SUNNY rooms and bath. 28% Washing-
ton aye.", off Mission St., near Ninth.
ROOMS FOII HOUSEKEEPING-
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new: $2 50 per week; suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion st., bet. First and Second.
j AT 556 Geary— Large sunny bay-window room,
| suites, double and single; light housekeeping.
BARTLETT, 420— Sunny rooms; gas stove,
j sink; use of bath and laundry.
! BRADY, 44, off Market— 2 or 3 housekeeping
rooms; cheap to small family.
BUSH. 1238—3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
BUSH, 717. near Powell— Front room; balcony;
light housekeeping.
EDDY, 427 (473)— Large handsome front room,
kitchen adjoining; complete; gas range.
ELLIS, 6S2 — i sunny unfurnished rooms. Call
1 to 4. .
FIRST, 28—3 front sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; fl2 per month.
FOURTH, 329— Newly renovated rooms for
housekeeping; furnished and unfurnished;
cheap rent.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping. 114
Eleventh st.. in store.
HAIGHT, 412— Three large sunny rooms; $10.
HOWARD, 737%— Nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1085— Front and back parlors; rent
cheap; hall bedroom; rent $5 a month.
IVY AYE.. 315H, near Hayes and Franklin-
Sunny furnished bedroom and kitchen; $10;
adults.
IVY aye., 316. off Franklin st.— 3 cozy furnished
rooms for housekeeping, $12 50; no children.
JACKSON, 3019, in elgant residence— 2 front
rooms, one Is beautiful double room and
kitchen: furnished; bath; $25; last 2, $20.
JESSIE, 333— Large sunny furnished housekeep-
ing room; $10.
LARKIN. 433— Nicely furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
LARKIN, 804 — Large sunny front with small
room furnished for housekeeping; $10; large
unfurnished, $5 50.
MARKET, 1032, opp. Fifth— One, two or three
rooms, connected; term» very reasonable.
McALLISTER, 422—2 or 3 lurnished rooms for
hc^isek^eping; gas stove; bath.
McALLISTER. 633—1 or 2 adjoining front
rooms for light housekeeping; reasonable.
MINNA, 322— Parlor suite; 2 or 3 housekeeping
rooms; furnished complet".
j MINNA. 612%, bet. Seventh and Eighth— 2 nice
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping, with a
\ quiet family.
' mTssION. 562— Large sunny room; complete for
j housekeeping; folding bed; $1 50 week.
i MISSION. 562— Large sifnny room: complete for
housekeeping; folding bed; $1 25 week.
! MISSION. 915%— Either 2 or 4 furnished house-
keeping rooms; upper flat; sunny; piano. Can
call Sunday.
! MISSION. 92:>Vi— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; complete for housekeeping.
! MISSION, 947—2 furnished housekeeping rooms.
: NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Furnished house-
i i keeping suites. $1 50 per wek; single, 75c.
i NINTH, 20— Sunny connecting rooms, stove,
! water, gas; $11; bay-window rm; ktch.; $9.
i OAK. 4? — $6: unfurnished bedroom, kitchen,
pantry, closet; first floor: sunny.
OAK, 119—2 partly furnished rooms; sink and
bath; stove and carpets; $7.
POINT LOBOS aye., ISIS— 2 large sunny rooms
and kitchen, furnished for housekpg; cheap.
! POLK. 607— Nice large bay-window front room,
kitchen: complete for housekeeping; $10 mo.
RITCH, 21—3 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; yard; $8 month.
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Three rooms; separate
entrance: rent $7: large yard.
SCOTT, 113—2 large sunny connecting rooms,
partly furnished; alcove, gas, bath.
j NINETEENTH. 405!>. near Castro— Single lady
wants a small family to take part of un-
furnished flat.
PINE, 1335—2 connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing; bath; $3 a week.
; SIXTH, 221— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping; also others
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, complete
a for housekeeping; $10 50 per month.
; SUTTER, 506— Nice sunny front rooms; reason-
j able.
THIRD, 309—2 front rooms furnished for house-
keeping, $2 week; other rooms; reasonable.
THIRTEENTH. IS9, comer of Howard— Fine
furnished suite of rooms complete for house-
keeping; reasonable. %
TURK, 126 — 2 unfurnished sunny rooms: closet
and watfr: for housekeeping:; no children.
TURK. 539—2 rooms for housekeeping; or sin-
gle; from $6 up.
TURK, 543— Nice! v furnished sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; gas: bath; $15.
UNION, 1014— Housekeeping rooms; two very
large; sink; partly furnished; $12.
VAN NESS AYE.. 1021 — Parlor suite with
kitchen; gas range; sun all day.
j WALLER. 482 — 4 furnished housekeeping
rorms; bath: every convenience: $15; ref.
WASHINGTON, 10254—3 unfurnished front
rooms for housekeeping.
I OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
; SUNNY furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: new plumbing. 14">3 Broadway.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS: quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, eri suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719. S29»£ and Mason
407— Cho"ice, sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT The Keystone, 112 Taylor: new throughout;
elegant sunny rooms; good board day or mo.
AT The Randolph, 501 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week.
• Elegantly furnished rooms: with
bath; en suite or single: gentlemen only.
CITY HALL place, 1, off McAllister, near Lar-
kln st.— Nice sunny room to lady.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rras. ; $8, $10 mo.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 820. near Fourth— sl a week and up;
gunny furnished rooms.
FOLSOM, 1022 Mi —Sunny front rooms facing
park; use of bath; from $4 up: 6x7.
GEARY, 37S — Sunny room: private family; gen-
tlemen only; rent reasonable.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— P»r night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; fire grate;
private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HAIGHT, 102— Nice y furnished room for lady
or gentleman; rent reasonable.
HAIGHT, 822— Front sunny hall room for gen-
tlemen.
HARRISON, 784H, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed sunny rooms; bath; all convenience*;
quiet home; $1 a week-
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; Jl 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 925— Furnished front room with
closet and bath; $5.
HAVES. 72(1— Suite 2 sunny newly furnished
rooms, or single, to adult?; rent reasonable.
HOWARD, 524— A nice double room to rent;
suitable for 2. j
HOWARD, 935% (New Philadelphia)— All new, j
sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HOWARD, ISO 6, corner Fourteenth— 2 sunny
front rooms; rent $8.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LARKIN, 707— Sunny handsomely furnished
front rooms: bath; private family.
LARKIN, 1200, opp. Lurline Baths: sunny
rooms J4 up; also housekeeping rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 805— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, suitable for gentlemen: bath.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms: newly furnished.
MCALLISTER, 511— Nice front suite; also front
single room; bath; gas; private family.
MINNA. 421, bet. Fifth and Sixth— Pleasant
sunny rooms suitable for one or two.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished !
bay-window room, Jl per week.
OFARRELL. 271— New maKSgr%oient, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites ;in-l
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable. I
POST, G22— Sunny suite or single rooms; first j
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHCLZ.
POWELL. 207— Changed hands; furnished sunny
rooms, single or en suite; cheap; Jl 25 upward.
POWELL, 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
SECOND. 52— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to soc.
SEVENTH. 132, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 553—4 large sunny unfurnished
rooms; cottage; JB.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 937— Upper floor, 3 rooms and
bath; water free.
SILVER STATE House, 16-18 Mason st.— Fur-
nished rooms; single. Jl B0 to J3 a week:
suites, $4 to |5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
SIXTH, 136— Under new management; single
room and en suite; also light housekeeping.
SIXTH, 314— Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; JS.
STEVENSON, 472, corner Sixth— Clean sunny
rooms; rent cheap; nice house.
THE New Grand House. 246 Third st.— lso fur-
nished rooms from Jl to J4 per week or from
J3 to $15 month; reading-rooms. A. T.
VAYSSI, Proprietor.
TURK, 126— Nice small pleasant room suitable
for gentleman, J5 per month.
TURK. 218 A —Sunny suite of 2 small rooms;
gas and bath:.
TURK, 2".9 — Large sunny furnished room, suit-
able for 2 gentlemen.
TURK. 405— Front sunny furnished rooms, J6
up: bath.
TURK. 1334— Large sunny front room, suitable
for 2; |8.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3387— Newly furnished room: j
a!?" one unfurnished.
UNION. 1014 -Newly furnished larife front .il-
cove room; 1 or 2 gentlemen: bath; J7; back j
room, Jo. |
WESTERN Addition— 2 sunny unfurnished
front rooms and bath: desirable location; |
■Ultable for 2; no children. Box 4490. Call.
3, 4 OR 5 splendid established dressmaking par-
lors; half rent; other business. 103 Larkin St.,
corner Grove; inquire Murphy, manager.
J4 MONTH; bed and sitting room combined; !
lunny; furnished; gentleman. Box S7l, Call.
KOOMS ' .D UUAUD.
! BOARD for gentleman, lady or married couple;
private home; Mission warm belt; cheap;
large yard; flowers, porches. Box 49, Call.
BUSH, 822— First-class rooms and board; down
town; no car fare; summer rates.
BUSH. S22— First-class room and board, every-
thing the very latest; running water; gas;
bath; telephone; down town; no car fare.
CENTRAL aye., 404, adjoining Panhandle—
Sunny rooms, with best of board; references.
ELLIS, MS— 2 sunny alcove rooms, with board.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. 299. Salisbury— Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike: reasonable.
JONES, 802. near Slitter— Two or three gentle-
men can be accommodated with sunny room
and board; excellent table, best home cook-
Ing; terms reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice eunny front room, $4 week.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2. $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, 808— Sunny newly furnished rooms;
electric lights; bath; with board; moderate.
2 AND 3 adjoining parlors; atsn single rooms;
pood table board. 712 Van N..p? aye.
CHILDREN UOARDED.
WIDOW wnuld board 1 or 2 small children
or infant. 3279 Seventeenth st.. near Mission.
LADY would like fi little girl to board. 1
City Hall place, off McAllister st.. nr. Larkin.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home and car?. 51 Clara st.
CHILD to board; best of care; terms $10; refer-
ences. 1034 McAllister st.
ELDERLY German lady wishes child to bo^rd;
reasonable. 30 Willow aye.. near Eddy st.
JESSIE, "39— Good home for Infant or 1 or 1
children: own cow; mother's care: references.
STORES TO LET.
HOWARD,* 1801 corner Fourteenth— Store. 2
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap.
NINTH. 500, corner Bryant— Large corner store;
fine fixtures: living rooms and stable; cheap.
PART of hair dressing store; millinery pre-
ferred; reasonable. 1704 Market St., opp. 10th.
$11— STORE and fixtures; 3 light living rooms;
kitchen adjoins store. lOCS Natoma. nr. 11th.
WANTED — Tenants for nice stores within
block of Baldwin. SPECK & CO.. fir>2 Market
OFFICES TO LET.
ATTENTION doctors, dentists, dressmakers.
715 Sutter St., very choice work room or lab-
ratory: 2:>x37 feet.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
AN ark anchored at Alameda boathouse, Chest-
nut St., Alameda, in good condition; will ac-
commodate eight persons; sealed tenders re-
ceived to June 30. JOHN ELDER, Alameda.
EXCHANGE— Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market st.
FOR Sale— Cheap; 100,000 brick. 40,000 feet of
lumber. Apply at building cor. Powell and
Bush sts. /
BICYCLE; good as new; cheap; on account of
departure; also parrot cage. Call or address
W. B. H., 705 Post st.
MAGIC lantern and Gurley level and rod;
great bargain. Room 47, 819 Market st.
A NO. 1 fresh Durham cow; rich milk; 20 quarts
day: gentle. 1312 Folsom str.
FOR sale — 25-horse power steam engine, cheap.
DONOHUE & KERDELL, 134 Sutter St.
FOR SALE— A thoroughbred registered Jersey
cow; price $50. Apply corner Rose st. and San
Pablo aye., West Berkeley.
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store.
1209 Devisadero st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records. $5 per doz.;
Frojectoscope. $100. Bacigalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
st., pawn office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl :
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
BOILKR, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. 514-516-518 Mission St.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 757.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1C63 Mission, near Seventh.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
, 1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
LOST.
LOST— Tuesday. June 14, black female cr>ck»r
spaniel, named Dutch: collar with tiny pad-
lock attached to ring. Return to 12 Geary st.,
and receive reward.
LOST— Thursday, a pair of gold-rimmed eye-
glasses. Finder please return to Kl2-Sl4 Mar-
ket st. and receive reward.
LOST— Yost-Falcon bicycle, No. 13. Return to
A. PAIO'ELS, ?2 Mason St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHANNA CROWLEY: No. 94.431—
2.0'i1.2?5. Finder will please return to bank.
foitnlk
FOUND— June 23, small bay mare. Inquire
Armour Hotel, Baden.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else 'ail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. ;" babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 59 McAllister
st.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, J5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
IB a lew hours; sate and sure at all times
whtn others have failed: no instruments u^ed;
travelers helped at oir-e; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed: consultation
free and confidential: self cure. $5; pills $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 20S Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price. $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician: away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, Jl; cure, $5; by
the well known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny at.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly alt
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. WINTERS & Dr. Schwartz, 852 Castro cor.
7th. Oakland; reliable practitioners; home ia
confinement: guar'td cure for all female dis-
eases from whatever cause: diagnosis free.
LADIES. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), host: F.ife, reliable: tako
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phila.
DR. ana MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, wfth every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro: price,
$150; RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; J2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister st.; diseases of
women and children.
MRS. ARCHARD. midwife: home in confine-
ment; r.-.nflnpmpnt alone. J5. 156 Second st.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT the Women's Educational and Industrial
Union, 7 Van Ness aye., mandolin, violin,
guitar, physical culture, painting. EngliEh,
French, German. Spanish, bookkeeping, dress-
making, millinery, manicuring and hairdrpss-
ing taught for $1 5" per month; singing and
cooking taught for $1 per month.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 110$ grad-
uates placed since 3892; catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression,
first floor over th* Alcazar Theater: lummw
term begins this month; for teachers and
Etudents: 1 to 5 p. m. daily. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID. Principal.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction :n shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship. ISO; low rate* per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's cnunting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market Ft.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics. V. <' 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. f'hanning way. Berkeley ; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. VKi. VAN DEB NAILLEN. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: references;
private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
SEVERAL ccoil lots, sunny side: exchange for
piano. KREDO & CO.. 22U Geary st.
$8000—20 ACRES rented at $1000 yearly; ex-
change for city property. KREDO & CO.,
22 l - 2 Geary st.
TO exchange — Cor. grocery and saloon with liv-
ing rooms: I own ' -'Mlngf; for ranch in So-
noma County. See owner at 651 Mission st.
GREAT sacrifice: 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming Imple-
ments; 6 acres vines: balance corn and
beans; srood road: near station: will ex-
change for city property; or $SOO cash, balance
»a«y terms. Address J. JENSEN. In Third.
SEWING MACHINKS.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and Whit*
cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rnfps. 20"i Fourth st.
ATTORNBYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless ■uoomhM.
W. W. DAVIDSON, m Market st.
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
U 8, CLARK— Emma Sprecketa bldg., 927~Mar1
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free on all leeal matters. T. P.
STACK. 14 McAllister st.. room 64.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office, Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, tr-nks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. MO Mission st. : tel Mint 1821.
LLGAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Heberew Orphan Asylum and
Home Soci-tv hereby give notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1. IKPS. to June 30, 1898. the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls, viz. : Ada Hoffman, aged 10 years 7
months; Hyman Hoffman, aged 5 years 7
months; Solomon Meyers, aged 4 years 2
months; Phyllis Scharff, aged 8 year 3 10
months; Claudlo Scharff. aged 7 years 3
months; Rebecca Kuhn. aged 10 years 11
months; Stella Kuhn, aged 9 years 10 months;
Samuel Kuhn, aged 6 >ears; Meyer
Kuhn. aged 3 years 9 months: May Lewis,
aged 9 years 4 months; Hattle Baer, aged 14
years ?, months: Bertha Baer. aged 10 years;
Moses Baer, aged 10 years: Max Baer. aged 8
years 9 months: Edward Levy, aged 4 veirs
S months; Joseph Cahn, aged 11 years 8
months, and Leo Cahn. aged 5 years.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Humesindo Arana and Nina Ovaila 38-37
Herman Hoff and Julia Roberts 21-22
C. M. de Mendonca and Helena Jennings.. 3o-22
R. I. Follmer and Augusta H. Steormer 2S-21
Samuel Damner and Lilly Stamper 33-27
William H. Curley and Magpie Nevins 24-22
William H. McNuity and Martha Petsch. . .26-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
BRUNT— In this city, June 23, 1898, to the wife.
of Walter N. Brunt, a daughter.
CLISHAM— In this city, May 27, 1898, to the
wife of J. E. Clisham. a eon.
DILLON— In this city, June 24. 1898, to the
wife of Michael J. Dillon, a son.
DOLAN— June IS. 1898. to the wife of Michael
J. Dolan, a son.
GIELOW— In this city, June 11. 1898, to tha
wife of E. F. Glelow, a daughter.
HENDRY— June 14. IS9S, to the wife of Wil-
liam Hendry. a daughter.
McDONOUGH— In this city, June 18, 1898, to
the wife of John McDonough, a son.
MIF.NTER— In this city. June 21, 1898, to the
wife of William Muenter, a daughter.
NOBLE— In this ctty, June 20, 1898, to the wife
of Joseph B. Noble, a daughter.
SMILEY— June 24. 1898, to the wife of F. W.
Smiley, a son.
SWKSNEY-In this city, June 19. 1898, to the
wife of John Sweeney, .a son.
THi 'MPSON— In this city, June 24, 1898, to the
wife of George H. Thompson, a daughter.
WOOD— In this city. June 19, 1898, to the wife
of Frederick Wood, a son.
HaHRIED.
BEYER— MICHELSON— In this city, Juns 23.
18S8. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, August W.
Beyer and Claudlne Mlchelson.
CULLEN— O'CONNOR— In this city, JUn« U»
1314
1898, at the Cathedral, by the Rev. Father
Ramm, Joseph Cullen and * atherlne O'Con-
nor, both of San Francisco.
FERGUSON— RING- In this city, Juno 16. 1898.
by the Rev. W. A. M. Breck, George B.
Ferguson of San Francisco and Clara King, j
forrnHt-ly of Lincoln, Nebr.
HAIN -FARGUE-In this city, June 23, IS9B, ,
by the Rev. J. Fuendellnß, Theodore L. j
11.-.in and Minnie A. Fargue.
JACOBS— JOHNSON— In tins city, June 22, ;
1MB! by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, John A. |
Jacobs "arid Sarah A. Johnson.
MILLER- HANSEN- In this city, Juno 22. }
1595, by the ReV. J Fuendeling, Heinrich <
Miller and Emma Hanson.
QUAST DROQK— lathis city, June 25. 1898, by I
the Rev. J. Fuefldeling. Charles La. Quast i
and Hannah Droge. ;
DIED.
Andersen. Charles Kruse. Peter F.
Boyd,. Adolf Lampe, Peter N.
Brennan. Rose Lewis, Mary
Counihan. John F. Lubkert. Marie
Eggers. Harry W. Mahoney, James E.
Freuler. Gertrude W. O'Connor, Frances
Hammersmith. John Reiehman. John
Jentz;<ch, Johnann G. Sinnott, Thomas F.
Johanson, Gustof E. Soule. Maria L.
Johnson, William H. Taylor. Joseph G.
Kentzell. Mary T. Vi hittmore. James B.
Kornfleld. Samuel Wise, Mrs. Bertha
ANDERSEN —In this city. June 25. 1898,
Charles, youngest and beloved son of Andrew
and Christine Andersen, and brother of Axel
and Mary Andersen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 months and 10 days.
BOYD— Alaska. June 3. 1698, Adolf, be-
loved husband of Lina Boyd, and father of
Ruth Boyd, a native of Sweden, aged 41 years.
BRENNAN— In this city. June 24. IS9B, Rose,
beloved wife of Jolio Brennan, daughter of •
the late Charles and Mary McVey, and sis-
ter of P. H., Charles A., Mary A. and Kate
F. McVey, a native of New York City.
Friends are respectfully invited to at- ]
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 10:30 ;
o'clock, from her late residence, 336 Fell
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, cor- |
Tier Fillmore and Fell streets, where" a sol- j
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for tho
repose of her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock, j
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery ;
COUNIHAN— An anniversary requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late John F. C^unihan In St. Charles
Borromeo Church, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, to-morrow (Monday), at 9
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are re- ,
spectfully invited to attend.
EGGERS— In this city, June 24., 189S, Harry :
William, beloved son of Frederick and Marie
Eggers. and brother of Freddie, Arthur, Ma-
mie, Ettie and Oracle Egcers. a native of
San Francisco, aged 17 years 4 months and i
27 days. • :
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 302 dough street, near Fell. In- '
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FREULER— In North Oakland. June 24, 1898.
Gertrude W., daughter of John and ' Amelia
Freuler. and sister of Florence, Clara. Ar-
thur, Grace, Herbert. Beatrice, Olivia and .
Alice Freuler. a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years 7 months and 13 days.
EyFrtends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Shattuck-avenue
M. E. Church, opposite Bushrod Park. North
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
HAMMERSMITH— In this city, June 22, IS9S.
John Edward, dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth Hammersmith, and father of Al-
fred, Elpa and Florence Hammersmith, aged
59 years 1 month and 16 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1832 Geary street, between Gough and
Octavia. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
JENTZSCH— In Healdsburg. Cal.. June 13. IS9B, j
Johann Gottlob. beloved husband of Roslna
Jentzsch, and father of Heluhoid, Leopold. |
Otto, William and Agnes Jentzsch and Mrs.
Edward Whitson. a native of Saxony, Ger- I
many, aged 77 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- ;
dence. 113 Morris avenue, off Bryant street, j
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
JOHANSON— In this city. June 21, IS9B. Gus-
tof K. Johanson, a native of Sweden, aged
60 years 1 month and 28 days.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Odd Fellows' '
Hall. Market and Seventh streets, under the j
auspices of Ophir Lodge No. 171. I. O. O. F.
L O. O. Oriental Rebekah Lodge No. 90, j
I. O. O. F. Officers and members: You are
hereby notified to meet in Prospect Hall,
this day (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late brother. G. C. Johan-
son. By order ABBIE A. EWING, N. P.
JOHNSON— Entered into rest, in this city, i
June 23, IS9B, William Henry, beloved hus-
band of Willette C. Johnson, and devoted ;
father of Harriet. William, Albert. Mabel
and George Johnson, a native of San Diego,
aged 44 years and 8 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day '
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Church, on Fulton street, between Fillmore
and Webster. Interment Masonic Cemetery. ;
KENTZKLL— In this city, June 24. 1896, Mary
T., beloved wife of Joseph E. Kentzell,
dearly beloved sister of Mrs. W. E. Bowes,
Mrs. Lawrence Murphy a,nd Chris O'Brien, j
daughter of the late Thomas and Catherine
O'Brien, and niece of Mrs. Margaret Riordan, !
a native, of Ireland, aged 22 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi- i
dence, 37 Morris avenue, thence to St. Rose's '
Church, Brannan street, between Fourth and I
Fifth, at 10:30 o'clock, where prayers will be
offered for the repose of her soul. Interment i
Holy Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. Sisters:
You are earnestly requerted to attend the
funeral of our deceased past president, Mrs.
J. E. Kentzell, from her late residence, 37 !
Morris avenue. By order
MAY STEIN. Pres. j
IIR& W. CREAKY, Rec. Sec.
KORNFIELD— In this city. June 24. 18J8. Sam-
uel, beloved husband of Hannah Kornfield. !
and father of Nathan. Harry, Louis and
Helen Kornfivid. Mrs. Henry Lando and Mrs.
Sander I^ang, a native of Hungary, aged 48
years nnd 14 dT\;=.
(CyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi- i
dence, 24S Twelfth street, near Folsom. and
thence by 11:30 o'clock train to Hills of
Eternity Cemetery for Interment. Please
omit flowers.
KRT.'SE— In this city, June 25, 183S, Peter F.,
dearly beloved husband of Alary Kruse. and
father of Lizzie, I.illlc, Fred and Dora
Kruse, a native of Valleclto, Calaveras
County, Cai.. aged 42 years ." months and 21
days. A member of Gambrlnus Vereln.
tt^The funeral will take place to-morrow
fM>.ndav). at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 910 Folsom street, l.i-twe»n Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAMPE— In this city, June 25 1898, Peter X. '
E . <!»arly beloved huband of Emma Lampe, i
father of Hattle nnd Willie Lampe, and |
brother of Emil Lampe, a native of Holsteln, j
Germany, aged 45 years S months and 1 day. j
A member of the Grand Lodge of Her- I
manns Sons of California, San Francisco j
L'rflfi- No. 1. O. d. H. 8., and Gerrnania
Lodee No. 171 S. K. of H.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, i
June 28. at 1 o'clock, from his lute r°sl- \
dence, 201S Folsom street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, thence to Druids' Hall, 413 ,
Slitter street, where funeral serviced will be !
held under the auspices of the Grand Lodge I
of Hermann's Sons, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEWIS— In this city. June 24, ISM, Mary, be-
lovrd wife of the late Robinson Lewis, and
mother of Mrs. .1. W. Joiner, a native of i
California, aged 50 years.
LTT.KERT— In this city. June 23. 1898. Marie, i
dep.rly beloved wife of Adolph Lubkert. ami j
nvther of Henry and Herrmann Lubkert, a i
native of Holsteln, Germany, aged 35 years I
3 months and 20 days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), nt 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ISOO T'nion street, corner of Octavla.
Interment T. O. O. F. Cemetery-
MAHONKY— In this city, June 2», IMB, .Tame.
E , be!.)\ed son of William and Sarah C.
Mahoney. ■ nnt'.ve of San Francisco, aged
\ year and 6 months.
O'CONNOR— In this city. June 25, lf»8. Fran-
ces M.. beloved daughter of Peter and Mary
O'Connor, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 months .-md 19 days.
REICHMAN— In this city. June 24, ISM, John,
beloved husband of Mamie Reichman, and
father of Grace Relrhnmn. a native of Ger-
many, aged D 4 years and 11 months.
PTFrti-n.ls and acquaintances are r««pect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
fSundayV at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
Rev. J. Worsanirer. southwest corner Frank-
lin and Post streets.
SINNOTT— In this city, June 24, IR9S, Thomas !
F.. beloved husband of Addle Slnnott. and !
father Of .T"hn Sinnott, a native of Ennls- ,
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
FUKEKAL DIRECTORS it, KMBALMBRS I
iv 11ITH ST., Op?. Lincoln osttjji. |
■ • '• ■ ■ Telephone. South 80. I
JA6. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDEKTAKKUS AND RMBAIJUEHa
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van New aye.. near Market St.. Saa
Prancißco. . Telephone So. 158. • "■" ■ 
. Eitab. 18S8 . Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
iV Funeral Directors and Embaimers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady ■ usslstants. ■ bpacioun chapel for th« tin
cf oui patrons. Rubber Urea on our ambulance
H. C. BUNKER & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
2666 Mission St. Mission Masonic Temple
* Telephone" Mission 75.
earthy, County Wexford, Ireland, aged 42
years.
SOULE— In this city, June 24. IS9S, Maria I».
Soule, a native of Boston, Mass.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from ihe family resi-
dence, 220S Grove street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
TAYLOR— At his home In Fltchburg, June 22,
IR9B, Joseph G. TRylor, dearly beloved father
of MrF. Ellen Ainsworth, Mrs. G. H. Folsom
and George Taylor, and loved and honored
grandfather of Alice, Nellie, Joseph and Wil-
liam Holmes. Dora and Lucy Alnsworth and
Bessie Folsom.
A kinder, truer heart never brightened this
world. E. A.
WHITTMORE— In Los Angeles. June 22. IS9B,
James I'.uyard, beloved husband of Linda
Whtttmore, and urandson of the late Com-
modnn- Bloat, a native of New York, aged
CS years and 8 months.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors o! Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Members of the Loyal Legion, California
Volunteers, and G. A. R. are especially in-
vited to attend. Interment National Ceme-
tery.
WISE— In th's city. June 25, 1898. Mrs. Bertha
Wise, beloved mother of I. H., Willie and
Alex A. Wise, Mrs. M. Rosenhnum and Mrs.
L. I. Ostriskl. a native of Kempen, Prussia,
aged 60 years.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D Brookrnan. Wash M C Traver, N Orlns
C H Shlnn. Berekley J L Strong, Oakdale
W H Bray, San Jose jC Bordman, Sonora
J Jones, S Cruz F Ross, L Ang
W Rlckerly, Cal C Peterson. Madera
H X Llnroth. Chiea Mrs D Jackson. S C
J Hareny. Riverside Miss Jackson. S Cruz
V Migamato. Japan D Freeman, Stockton
V Honda. Japan F Harris, N V
C W Clifton & w. CalJ McGrath. Chicago
P L Davis. S Rosa I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C A Larlson. S Jose E Tyner, Chicago
L G Hare, Salinas W H Armstrong, Mcx
J R Monaghan. V B N J H Wright, Canada
J Schilling, Bt Louis A B Jones. France
C N Clarke. U S V H E Middleton, U S N
J F Chambers. VS V J F Snow. D S N
E R Mattison. 173N R W Boston, Boston
W O Reed, Chicago N L Alman, Chicago
E G Vinzent. Oakland C Maguire, Chicago
J W Sutt, Vacavllle R B Parker, Pa
F Parker, Sacto I Mrs J S Jury & c, Cal
J Collins, Colo !R C Eckstrom, Idaho
LII Kusel. Chicago [R I> Davis, Mont
G L Dickindon, Stktn E R Enabanks, Eng
J L Smith. I" S N RE Glaze, Or
W R Wither, V P N |BX Scoot, Paris
TV D Davis, Chicago 'b I" Steinman, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs E Rlgby, Nev City H G Richardson. Lond
C J Titus, Bacto E G Pratt, India
Mrs C Steven?, Mai*s E Meyen, Berlin
Miss L J Eaton. Mass A Uledpl. Berlin
J D Sherwood. Spokne W Hethey, Berlin
W B Jenkins, Seattle Mrs F Gove, Berlin
Mrs Jenkins, Seattle Dr F A Robinson,
H T Smith. D C Shanghai
J G Wright, DC H Maitland. Shanghai
J E Kelly, NY M Herrings. Berlin
F E Ray, Sacto i R B Thresher, Ohio
Mr&Mrs Endelin, Paris Mrs Thresher, Ohio
Mrs Billlnits&m, N V W W Stuart. N V
Miss Billings. NY J I Wile. URN
Miss M M Billings.N V T Ewing, Ariz
Miss E F.illln<rs. N V H N Higinbotham &
F Billings. N V w, Chicago
N \ Waller. London Florence Higinbotharn,
M S Frlede. N V Chicago
E Goldschmldt. Germy' Alice Higinbotham, Ch
Mrs Goldscnmidt, Ger 1 Braniottl ft v, Mass
H S Kntt, Hongkong F A West. Stockton
V II Bchmldt, Vienna IH M Earl. Phil
Mrs Harrings, Berlin H X Heffelman, S Dgo
G Richardson. Uindon G P Blair & w. Ariz
GRAND HOTEL.
E J Cahlll. Cal H W Crnbb. Oakvllle
J C Johnson. Heno M Carfarata. Nevada
W .T Llndenberprtr. Ky M'.ss P Smith. Portlnd
Mrs W T Delli-ger, NT Mr &• Mrs Hall. H I
\ N Veret. Glasgsw J M Gaskill. Sacto
W Jenkins, Glasgow T Keoogh, Bait Lake
H T Smith. Wash W L Davis. Stockton
J Q Wright. Wash W Barry. C'astrovllle
H A Fairbanks, <'al F I*irkin. Santa Clara
Dr N L Boone. Cal iJ Smith. Cal
P Rekeef & w. Cal O Hosmeister. Cal
B T Stone. Modesto E E Wright. Berkeley
W L .Smith. Colusa F Towson. Vacavllle
L Haven, CaJ E A Green &• d, Sacto
J D Blddle. Hanford H E Green. Sacto
H A Jastro, Cal A A de Ligne, Sacto
W Hawthorne Term H Gage. Vflllejo
B C Kenyon, U S V F B Mncklnder, Cal
H C Converse. Cal F X McCabe, Los Ang
O R Rees & w, Wash E L Wilholt. Stockton
H McClair Jr. Cal A A Smallfleld, Stockt
S L A.llen. Cal S S Riffle. Martinez
V II Clark, Mexico W L Burton & w.Utah
H Rogers. Sacto I
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 25— Stmr Sequoia
for San Francisco.
I.OWENS LANDING— SaiIed June 20-Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BOSTON— Arrived June 20— Stmr Catalonia,
from Liverpool.
HAMBURG -Arrived June 25— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, from Mew York.
NAPLES— SaiIed June 25— Stmr Kaiser W il
he)m, for Xew York.
LIVERPOoI,— Arrived June 25— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York; stmr Taurlc, from New
York.
HAVRE— Sailed June 25— Stmr La louralne,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June 25— Stmr Ber
lin, fr.r New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed June 25— Stmr Kensing
ton, for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed June 2. r ,— Stmr Bremen, for :
New York.
XKW YORK— Sailed June 25— Stmr Mlnne
waska for London; stmr Pennsylvania, for
Hamburg; stmr Kaiser Frederick, for Bremen;
stmr La Navarre, for Havre; stmr Umbria, for j
Liverpool; stmr Ethiopia, for Glasgow; stmr j
Neustrta for Lisbon; stmr Thlngvalla, for |
Copenhagen. ,
NEW YORK— Arrived June 25— Stmr La
Bourgogne. from Havre.
HIGH JINKS HELD
AT SAUSALITO
VISITING TABS WELCOMED BY
SAN FRANCISCOS.
To-day There Will Be Baces Over a
Course Free From Sub
marine Mines.
Preparatory to the open regatta to be
held to-day at Sausalito the San Fran- |
Cisco yachtsmen gave a jinks last night I
In the clubhouse. During the afternoon
a strong breeze blew, and at night a
thick fog settled down, but the jollity of
the visiting yachtsmen was in no wa> j
disturbed by these adverse conditions. ,
The following yachts of the Corinthian
fleet were at anchor in front of the club
house or between it and the ferry slip. ;
commodore Carl West erf eldt's Aeolus, j
Secretary E. D. Lathrop'f sloop Pride, I
Frank Bartletfs sloop Queen, G. B. Ed- |
gar's sloop Sappho, and the sloops May |
and Cupid.
Nearly nil the officers of the San Fran
ciscos were on hand to welcome their
! guests, who were entertained with an in
! formal programme. In which the follow
ing took part: T. Eggert, R. Mitchell,
! Frank Thompson, Julian Thorne, Ben j
i Tarbox, Louis Harrison and Graeber's ■
banjo club. Port Captain A. W. McKen
zie's launch Alberta was placed at the
disposal of the directors to bring bacK
visitors to the city after the jinks. To- j
bacco, pipes and refreshments were on j
hand in abundance, and a pleasant even
ing was spent.
To-day a regatta will be held over a
course "of which a chart, prepared by
Measurer J. M. Punnett, was posted yes- j
terday in the clubhouse. The course has i
been "so arranged as to avoid infringing I
upon the danger area Indicated by Major
Heuer, of the United States engineer
corps. This area extends from the Pa
cific Yacht Csnb house In Old Sansalito to
a green buoy, thence to Shag rock, and
thence to Point Cavallo. Yachts will start
across a line drawn between the schooner
Chispa and a stakeboat, sail thence to a
Ktnkeboat off the AngeJ Island light,
! round It. tbence to Shag rock, round it,
! and thence to the starting point, leaving
the danger buoy on the port hand, and
keeping out of the danger area. Entries
fur the regatta will be received by thw
secretary at the clubhouse up to 10 o'clocH
this morning.
At 12:50 p. m. the preparatory signal gun
will be fired; and at 1 p. m. the starting
gun for class 1: at 1:10 i>. m. the gun
for class 2; at 1:20 p. m. the gun for class
3, and at 1:30 p. m. the gun for class •».
Y;i> hts in classes 1 and 2 must go round
the course twice, yachts in classes 3 ano
4, and those under twenty feet, once.
All yachts are classified by "mean
length. l ' The regatta will be under the
management of the regatta committee,
consisting of Vice-Commodore G. T. S3.
White. Treasurer R. B. Hogue and Meas
urer J. M. Punnett.
For first prizes in each class flags, pre
sented by the commodore, the treasurer,
tli* financial secretary and the port Cap
tain, will be awarded: and for the sec
ond prizes a set of charts presented by
the measurer, a megaphone by the S.
F. Weeks Company, a case of wine b>
Gundiach & Co., and a United States
yacht ensign by Josselyn & Co.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st •
THE SAX FB Ay CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 26, 1898.
THIS RIFLE
SPITS DEATH
A Lethal Machine Gun
Just Brought Out.
HOWARD CARR THE INVENTOR
SIX HUNDRED CARTRIDGES A
MINUTE CAN BE FIRED.
The Gunner Pulls the Trigger, the
Automatic Action Does the
Rest— lts Range Is Two
Miles.
A public exhibition was made yester
day for the first time of the operation
of the Carr automatic machine gun by
the inventor, Howard Carr. on the bay
shore at Shell Mound. Of all the inven
tions for the destruction of human life
this stands at the head. Imagrine a man
FIRES 600 BULLETS A MINUTE.
The Wonderful Machine Gun Invented by Howard Carr.
pitting on a saddle on one leg of a tri
pod, with his finger pressing a trigger
of a rifle that pours out a stream of
death-dealing bullets at the rate of 600
in one minute or eleven shots every sec
ond. This is what can be done with the
new gun and with an accuracy that
would make an ordinary sharpshooter
feel envious.
Howard Carr, who is an old resident
of this city, has been at work on this
new creation for some time and now he
feels that he has combined In one ma
chine a gun that will hold its own with
the best in the world. It is only a ques
tion of adjusting the strength of :he
parts to apply the action to large cali
bers.
Simplicity, rapidity and accuracy are
the principal features of the weapon,
to say nothing of its lightness, for when
fully rigged it weighs just 20V2 pounds,
or about the weight of a soldier's mus
ket, bayonet and belt full of cartridges,
etc. The principle on which it operates,
as its name "automatic" Implies, is that
it requires no effort of the marksman
to manipulate. It shoots the same am
munition as that now In use by the
United States Government, the 30-40
Krag-Jorpensen cartridge, with the
steel-jacket bullet. The magazine is
entirely detached from the gun, and
when emptied can be replace I and fir
ing resumed in ten seconds. It looks
like the drum of a banjo minus the arm.
Into this receptacle, which is made of
tin, 310 cartridges are placed, and the
weight of a filled magazine is about 25
pounds. The gun itself is an ordinary
Krag-Jorgensen barrel, automatic
breech action and pistol grip. It can be
mounted in any manner, on the side of
a patrol wagon, bicycle, tripod or on
board of a boat as may be required.
The exhibition began first with the
single shot action. The gun was set
up in the sand on the beach and trained
out on the bay for safety. Every shot
threw into the air a spray of water like
the spouting of a whale, while the guid
ing hand on the lever moved up and
down, right and left, causfhg the bul
lets to strike the water over any quarter
of the compass and from 50 to 1000
yards away. The steady spiteful bark
of the rifle was followed by a perpen
dicular spray of water out on the bay.
The single shot test for accuracy was
surprising, easily hitting any object
aimed at. It was next shown how far
the piece would carry. A slieht eleva
tion was given to the gun and the trig
ger pulled. The eye could not see where
the bullet struck, but with the aid of a
pair of field glasses a bouquet-like
spray was discerned away up the bay
in the direction of Red Rock. The bul
let must have struck nearly two miles
from the shooting point. The interval
between the report of the gun and the
striking of the bullet was very short,
but what could be expected when the
velocity of the bullet's travel is at the
rate of 2000 feet per second.
The most interesting feature of the
exhibition was the operation of the au
tomatic action. A close observer would
have noticed that the operator gave the
little disk back of the trigger a half
turn and then pressed the trigger, re
taining it in a pulled position. The
sound of the reports, or more properly
speaking, the continuous report Is hard
to describe. It was a wave of Intense
sound with corrugated edges.
As may be surmised, the existence of
this new arm has reached the ears of
other Governments. A proposition
from Germany is now pending, but the
United States Government will be
given the first refusal. Basic patents
have been obtained in all important
countries and are held by the San
Francisco Arms Company, the principal
stockholders of which are W. C. Price.
George W. Peltier, R. M. Catlin and
Howard Carr.
An Unknown Suicide.
The body of an unknown man was
found in Golden Gate Park yesterday aft
ernoon by Officer Reynolds of the park
police. The man had been dead for about
three weeks and was lying in the sand
hills some distance west of Strawberry
Hill, in a rather inaccessible p»ace. which
caused Deputies Tyrell and Smith of the
Coroner's office considerable trouble to
secure the body. Near the man were
some bills torn in such a manner that it
was evident the intention had been to
make impossible the identification of the
body. When the torn bits of paper were
placed together it was found that they
had been made out for a Mrs. Rosenberg.
The man was middle-aged, heavy set and
had brown, curly hair and full beard. He
was dressed in a black diagonal suit, a
well worn pair of lace shoos, a soft, light
shirt and black derby hat. The cause of
death is unknown.
Death of Thomas F. Sinnott.
Thomas F. Sinnott, until recently
Storekeeper of Internal Revenue at An
tioch, died yesterday at his residence in
this city. He was taken with Brlght's
disease at Antioch and removed to this
city, where he could obtain medical at
tendance. The deceased was well known
in Democratic circles in Stockton and
Fresno, in which towns he resided for
several years. He leaves a widow and
children.
HARES LOST
IN THE FOG
Good Coursing Spoiled
by a Heavy Mist.
KOOLAWN IS A GREAT DOG
TALENT UPSET BY CHILI PEP
PEB AND LADY BLANCHE.
First Class Sport Awaits Those
Who Will Visit
the Parks
To-day.
When the rundown of the open meeting
I held yesterday at Union Coursing Park
1 was about half over a blanket of fog,
; which moved in from the ocean, settled
i over the southeast part of the big cours
ing field and cut off from the spectators
: a view of the finishes. But the coursing
I up to the time of semi-darkness was ex
| cellent, as the hares ran strong and car
; rled their pursuers from end to end of the
; big demesne. Manager Jerome muat have
! hit the nail on the head when he dlscov
j ered a new scheme by which the game
I can be admitted into the running sward
, without suffering from nervous excite
j ment. The little "fliers" are driven Into
boxes large enough to accommodate one
I at a time, and there they remain quietly
! housed up until liberated.
In the puppy stakes quite a few Bur
j prises were experienced before the run
i down was finished. Meta easily defeated
Minerva and Admiral Dewey sent Bull
Hill to his kennel shamed by a good beat
| ing. Liberty Bell will doubtless win the
I stake, although Jim Edmonds contends
I that he has a cinch on the long green in
I Morning Glory, but P. Cooper says that
lif Edmonds had entered Whisky' Hill he
I could not miss pocketing first priae.
In the open stake Clifton Lass was only
beaten by Magnet after a no-course.
■ Koolawn should easily defeat Magnet to
! day, but a grueling course with Gallagher
yesterday may stiffen Koolawn to such
} an extent as to obliterate her chances
lof winning. Thornhill and Mystery had
another pumping course, and the winner
! had very little to spare when the red flag
was hoisted In his favor. Rusty Gold did
not run up to form yesterday, and al
though he won easily from Bendigo he
wns thoroughly exhausted at the end of
■ a long course. Gilt Edge, to the surprise
; and evident disgust of the talent, lowered
i the colors of Lady Blanche. The betting
I was 6 to 1, with the Lady on the long end.
i Myrtle ran very well, and may be among
i the winners. Theron beat Laurelwood in
a long course. Right Bower, a shortender,
defeated Lady Campbell in a close con
test, and Glenstone romped away from
Prince of Fashion. One of the big sur
prises of the day was when Jesse Maid
defeated Chili Pepper, a 6 to 1 shot. Syl
via and Rey Alfonso had "byes," as their
respective opponents failed to appear on
time. The following is the order of the
coursing:
Puppy stake— Mac's Melody beat Magnecia:
Meta beat Minerva. Billy Gladstone beat One
Spot, Miss Skyrocket beat Blacklock, Admiral
Dewey beat Bull Hill. Morning Glory beat
Statesman, Beauty Spot beat Obadiah, Wait
a Little beat Daisy Denne. Brutus beat Brandy
and Soda. Sunburst beat Belle of Seville. Royal
Prize beat Golden Russett, Heather Dell beat
Robin Adalr, Flyaway beat Skyqueen. Jersey
Lly beat Scarfpin. Liberty Bell beat Maid of
Erin. Rich and Artless beat Tic Tac.
Open stake— Mapnet beat Clifton Lass, Koo
lawn beat Gallagher, Thornhill beat Mystery,
Our Boy beat Hercules, Douglas beat Menlo,
Rusty Gold beat B«>ndlgo. Do Me beat May
Palsy, Van Kirk beat Santa Bella. Gilt Edge
boat Lady Blanche, Millers Maid beat Ala
meda, False Flatterer beat Vanity Fair, Myrtle
beat Wave, Theron beat Laurelwood, Tessie
Fair beat Little Hope, Benrlalonsr beat The
Gossoon, Terrona beat Jessie, Metallic beat
Eclipse, Rlcht Bower beat Lady Campbell,
Lips beat Dutchman, Jesse Mnld beat Chill
Sailor, Glenstone be>at Prince of Fashion, Sweet
Lips beat Dutchman. Jessie Maid beat Chili
Pepper, Lord Byron beat Dr. Norman, Light
ning beat Blaekstone, Commodore beat Bor
ders Valentine, Sylvia a bye, Rey Alfonso a
bye.
The winners of the stake will doubtless
be False Flatterer, Rosette and Koolawn,
if she is all right.
AT INGLESIDE.
The Talent Suffer Many Sur
prises, and Shortenders Land
Heavily During the Day.
Despite the foggy and cheerless atmos
phere at Ingloside yesterday the select
crowd of bettors managed to derive a
great deal of comfort out of the numer
ous close courses between the speedy en
tries. Those who cast their shekels with
the short-enders reaped a harvest, as no
less than five scored at odds ranging
from G to 3 to 1.
In quick order the large card was run
oft, keeping those engaged In the uncer
tain game of betting busy placing their
money. The lone betting-stand that was
In full blast proved Insufficient to acom
modate the immense business it enjoyed
during the afternoon. As many were un
able to get near it. it might not be a bad
plan for the management to increase the
number.
Surprises were many, and the talent
suffered. Lass o' Gowrie sent the 2 to
1 favorite Flashlight to his kennels, and
Mohawk repeated the performance by
beating Glen Chloe at 6 to 1. The Belle
of Moscow romped away from Oleen,
Santa Clara's pride, badly upsetting the
talent.
Following is the way the dogs ran:
Sapling stake— Prince George beat Wolfe
Tone; Black Beaa bent Molly O; Campania beat
Maid of Hill: Miss Skyball beat Briar Sweet;
Flashing Lass beat Hrlmont Boy; Lassie Hayes
beat La Juive, and Lottie M ran a bye.
■\ll-aged stake— H B a bye; Old Glory beat
Leonora; Mystic Maid beat Chit Chat: Occi
dental beat Litfle I>irrit; Firenzl heat Mialmo;
Kosie R b*at WlMflower; Lass o' Gowrie heat
Flashlight: Had! wist beat Trix; Mohawk beat
Glen Chloe; White Lily beat Montana; Cross
patch beat Sunollte; Beauty beat Magnito;
Trink beat Queen Bj Sportsman beat Nellie
Conroy Belle of Ifoeccm beat Oleen; Gladiator
beat Molly; Rosalie beat Tod Sloan; Swinner
ton beat Benicla Boy: Johnnie R beat Glen
wood; High Born Lady beat Lady Jane; Sen
orltii beat Mystic; Sir John Arnott beat Wheel
of Fortune: Oranuale beat Royal Oak; Diana
beat Wayfarer; Masterpiece beat Hattel; Prom
ise Me beat Valley Maid; Victor beat Telephone
Girl; Skylark beat Abel, and Rapid beat Mas
ter Glenkirk.
Lottie M is looked upon as winner of the
sapling stake to-day, although the following
hounds stand a chance: Black Bess, Miss Sky
ball nnd Flashing I^ass.
In the all-aged stake the following can
didates should Win: Mystic Maid, Fl
renzi, Hadlwist. White Lily, Crosspatch,
Trink, Gladiator, Johnny R, Sir John Ar
nott. GranuaJe, Diana, Victor and
Rapid. ____________
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Llvermore la stop
ping at the Palace.
F. R. Graves of_£hanghai is stopping at
the Occidental.
Rev. B. C. Henry of Canton, China, Is
registered at the Occidental.
George and Harold Richmond of Lon
don are staying at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Btdwell of New
York are guests at the Occidental.
George T. Meyers, Interested In large
canning enterprises of Portland, arrived
In this city yesterday from China, and Is
staying at the California.
The following registered at the Grand
yesterday: George A. White, pay clerek
on the Raleigh, now on his way to Vir
ginia; W. W. Masterson of Kentucky, W.
F. Cronemiller. a large fruit packer of
Sacramento County; H. W. Crabb, the
vineyardist of Oakville.
The following are the arrivals on the
Coptic staying at the Palace: H. Skoot
of London, Victor Schmidt of Vienna, H.
Herring and wlf.e of Berlin, E. G. W.
Pratt, lieutenant in the English army;
E. Meyer of Berlin, Mr. and Mrs. Einar
P. Bjornsen of Norway, Mr. and Mrs. B.
B. Thresher of Dayton, 0.,' J. V. Whitoit
Stuart of New York, W. Hether
lof Berlin, Mrs. I. Gove of Ire
j land, H. V. Tuck of Burman,
Dr. F. A. Robinson of Shanghai, Harry
Maltland of Shanghai, N. Herring of
Balernbang, Albert Riedel of Dresden "W
Hethery of Berlin. Mrs. Billings of New
York, Mr. and Mrs. Edna Goldschmldt of
Germany.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
NEWS OF THE MINES,
Indications That War
and Drought Are Not
Like Wine to Mining.
Uncle Sam Is Down on Sul
phur Fumes at Keswick.
Oregon and Its Gold
and Silver.
The war is having a rather quieting ef
fect on the mining Industry in general,
though no very good reasons why this
should be so are discernible. This effect
is partly real and partly apparent only.
Men and newspapers are not talking
about mines as much as they did, because
the war has an overshadowing popular
interest. Established mining operations
proceed as usual, and others planned or
begun develop steadily, but without at
tracting so much notice.
There is noticeable, however, a slight
and temporary depressing effect that is
real. It is most noticeable in the field of
investment. Men who would ordinarily
put some money in a fairly promising
mining enterprise that came along will
now often say, "Well, wait until the war
is over." Promoters often do not find it
so easy to enlist capital and lioat mining
shares among people who are not prim
arily interested in mining as a business.
There is no good reason why this should
be so. Promising opportunities are no
fewer, and practical mining conditions are
not affected by the war. It is Just the
way people are built and the way the
thing works. This effect was early noticed
to some extent in mining stock specula
tion before the stamp tax was fairly
threatened. In California the exception
ally dry year combines with this vague
war influence to say "not yet" to mining
booms. As before stated, this influence is
almost wholly exerted on new enterprises.
Mining in California, nevertheless. Is in as
healthy a condition as ever in its history.
Except where water supplies are. short,
operations are booming along as usual,
and a great number of important new de
velopments are under way. The chief
stimulating effect of the war will be felt
in copper, lead and iron production. The
present year will show a great advance
in the industry, but perhaps not, on the
whole, as great a one as would have oc
curred but for the war.
The war tax has apparently dealt an
almost fatal blow to stock board specu
lation in low-priced mining stocks and
those Interested are trying to figure out
where they are "at." The tax is 5 cents
for each transfer of a lot of stock of the
face value of $100. Comstock shares here
and the shares which provide the bulk of
the business in mining stock exchanges
in Los Angeles, Denver and elsewhere
are generally of the face value of $100 and
sell for a few cents, often less than 5
cents. If the stock is worth only 5 cents
the tax is 100 per cent for each transfer
and is, of course, prohibitive. But what
ever woes may come to the stock gam
blers the legitimate interests of the min
ing industry will not be affected.
The immense new pipe line and asphalt
refinery built in Santa Barbara County
by the Alcatraz Asphalt Company, at a
cost of $500,000, was put into operation for
the first time a few days ago. One feat
ure of the plant is a double pipe line
thirty miles long from the mines in the
Sesquoc district to the coast. The asphal
tum is transferred through this pipe line
after being- liquefied with naphtha. The
great extent of this company's operations
and the promise of a great future for the
asphalt industry in California are little
understood by the people of the State.
The company's production will now be
greatly increased. Large developments
in other asphalt fields are being planned.
The Alcatraz Company is now laying two
miles of pavement in London, has paved
miles of streets in Edinburgh and Glas
gow and has a very large market in New
York.
The great Mountain Copper Company,
which is operating on so large a scale at
its mines on Iron Mountain and its
smelters at Keswick, Shasta County, has
got Into trouble with Uncle Sam, and
Redding is worried with a fear that j
operations may be checked. The trouble J
Is all due to the sulphur fumes from the
smelters. These fumes spread over the
country and kill nearly all vegetation
for miles around. There is hardly a po
tato patch in the region affected and the j
vegetation injured is mainly the small |
pines on the mountain sides. Some time !
ago, on complaint from somewhere, a
special agent of the Government went
there and made an investigation. Since
then results have been awaited with in
terest. The result has now come in the
shape of an injunction suit brought by
the Government to restrain the com
pany from operating its smelters without
putting in condensers to take care of its
deadly sulphur fumes. The people gen
erally UP there tolerate the fumes and
the square miles of dead scrub pine very
cheerfully because of the prosperity
which attends the expenditure of so
much money and the support of so large
a population. Perhaps 50 per cent of
Redding's business depends on these cop
per operations. It is not likely that oper
ations will be checked, even if an injunc
tion were inforced. The company would
simply be at a considerable extra ex
pense to keep its sulphur to itself.
The mining situation in Oregon is de
scribed in the report of Eugene B.
Braden, in charge of the assay office at
Helena, Mont., to the Director of the
Mint, and now given out in advance. In
the course of his report Mr. Braden says:
"The value of the gold and silver pro
duced in the State of Oregon during the
calendar year 1897 was $1,354,593 43 and
$109,642 68 respectively. Corresponding
values for the year 1896 were $1,290,963 63
and $71,811 37. The increase in gold dur
ing 1897 was $63,629 75, and in silver $37,
83121, a. total of $101,460 96. The percent
ages of increase over 1596 were: Gold, 5
per cent.;- silver, 2Vi per cent; total pro
duction, 7^2 per cent.
"The mining of precious metals was
confined to two districts. These are com
prised in Northeastern Oregon and
Southwestern Oregon. Of these two dis
tricts the northeastern is the more im
portant, because of a larger output from
both quartz and placer mining. In the
southwestern almost the entire output is
from placer ground. Only recently have
efforts been put forth to develop and
work the quartz lodes.
"Prospecting is being earnestely prose
cuted in both the mining regions. In the
northeastern Dart of the State the ex
ploitation of many meritorious claims was
vigorously prosecuted last year and a
number of new properties are included in
the list of producers. It is only recently
that any attention has been given to
prospecting for quartz lodes in South
western Oregon. The output from this
source last year was very small. Con
siderable new machinery is being in
stalled and the future output from veini
must necessarly increase."
In an action brought in San Bernardino
County by the County Recorder against
| the Recorder of the mining district to de
termine whether or not the County , re
corder is entitled to fees .- for recording
I mining claims Superior Judge Campbell
j last week rendered a ' judgment holding
! that the State law of Marc^ 1897 pre
scribing the manner ;of locating mining
claims, etc., was constitutional. ""•"*
Work will be commenced : immediately
; In installing an immense new compressed
; air plant ,at the Plumbago - mine above
Moores Flat. The plant will be located
on the Middle Tuba River, about 4000 feet
below the mine: .The air will be trans
mitted to and cheated at the mine It is
estimated that it will cost in the n/ieh
hood ,of $10,000 to j Install the plant "- The
Plumbago; is probably ; one : of the richest
mines in Sierra County to-day. Me" who
i know say that !We is ore enough in sight
to s insure ten >. •«;•/ run with . the ten
stamps :at the m; c. The rich . chute^ o"
ore in i the \ upper Lunnel : which paid so
handsomely - has been encountered in the
tunnel below, ; and is ? fully , as "rich as
I nf°Jh c ; T r he company '»l take possession
of the Hope :■ mine which adjoins, some
.time next week. : They : may conclude to
! work it some : time later.— Grass Valley
' union.";. ■ ;■ ; ; - : • : .■• <
; i.There ; were twenty-two new mining lo
cations in Shasta County recorded at Red
ding^ on last Monday. This is a good in
> dications of the summer activity of pros
| pe orS T in that promising mineral region.
. ■:- The Johannesburg Rand • says: The Yel
low Aster Mining and Milling Company
expect to use ten stamps at the Red Dog
mill and fifty .stamps at Barstow if good
work ; can ibe done there, as no ; doubt
I there can : bo. This would make It possi
ble to work 200 men. but that is a ques
tion of two months hence, at least, for
men will not be put on any faster ihan
needed. The company's scales have been
removed from Garlock and are being put
in on Rand Mountain. The Yellow Astor
people now have over 500 tons of ore In
their bins.
The Pinte country is coming to the
front as a gold producer. There Is plenty
of wood and water and thousands of
acres of rich mineral lands.— San Diego
Sun.
Calico, the great silver camp in the
north part of San Bernardino County,
which formerly produced 50.000 to •W.'XiO
ounces of silver per month, Is now prac
tically deserted, and the output is n^xt
to nothing.
The Rand of Randsburg says a load of
very rich ore has been received from ihe
old Page mine at Pan.imint, which was
purchased by the sampling works to ship
to the smelter.
Since Messrs. Strauss & Shinn pur
chased the Iron Chief, the Iron Mounta'n
district ha? come into prominence, says
the San Diego Sun. These parties are
employing sixty men in three shifts in
development and construction work. The
main shaft is down 266 feet Water will
be piped twelve miles. The mill and cy
anide plant will have a capacity of sixty
tor« per day. It is the intention to havt*
the first clean-up about June 20.
At the Gwin mine, near Mokelunsno
Hill, the old shaft Is cleaned out to 1320
feet. So far the work in the old shaft
has been very satisfactory. The new
shaft is producing and the mill is running
regularly.
The California Exploration Comnany
has purchased the Thorpe mine near San
Andreas.
The new reduction works at Baratow
have started up and 200 tons of ore run
through the mills. It is expected that it
i will take about a week to get everything
I in proper shape, when the works will be
able to take care of all ore consigned to
them. Five cars of ore were shipped In
from Randsburg. It is believed there will
be no difficulty furnishing ore to keep
the works running at full capacity.— 7,o3
Angeles Express.
As an evidence of the richness of som»
of the Randsburg mines the Randsburg
Miner says that some mill runs at an
j Eastern mill of ores from leading mines
averaged per ton, last week, as follows:
Napolenn, $100; Merced, $70; Santa Ana.
Sir.O; Sunshine. S120: Kinyon. $100; Black-
Hawk, $35; Maggenetta, H6O.
The Rand people are shipping fifty tons
of ore per day to the Barstow mill, and
! will soon increase the amount to 100, be
sides milling at Garlock; and Johannes
burg.
The Santa Fe Pacific Railway is going
to build an oil storage tank at San Ber
nardino, having a capacity of 1,500,000 gal
lons of oil.
A Tucson (Ariz.) correspondent of th«
Los Angeles Review says: A French
syndicate with headquarters at San Fran
cisco, six months ago secured certain
placer rights on the Colorado, eighty-five
miles northwest of Klngman, and have
invested about $1,000,000 In machinery,
I which is on the spot. The company 13
; known as the Temple Bar Placer Mining
j Company.
The mining district in Zacatecas, Mex
ico, is coming into more promi >
every day, owing to the development
going on there. In the next sixty days
nearly $500,000 worth of milling machinery
will be put in within four miles of the
city.
The Milwaukee Copper Miner says that
copper mines abandoned for ten or twenty
years are now being opened and developed
bn a large scale.
The amount of copper produced by the
mines of the United States during the
month of May was 22.741 tons of 2240
pounds each, against 22,908 tons in April,
or a decrease or 167 tons. The production
of foreign mines during May amounted to
6258 tons, against 6524 for the preceding
month, a decrease of 530 tons. The ex
ports of copper from the United States
I during May amounted to 12.976 tons,
j against 11.577 in April, an increase during
! the month of 1399 tons.
PHELAN DEMOCRATS.
They Talk of Mayor Phelan's Merita
Over Beer and Sandwiches.
The Phelan Democratic Club of the
Thirtieth District held a special meeting
under a call of the executive commitu*
at the New Manchester House, corner of
Sixth and Mission streets. Friday night.
President James \V. Collins was in the
chair. He advised Democrats to join their
district clubs regardless of all others
when the proper time came. After a
eulogy on Mayor Phelan's career since
his election to the mayoralty he was
complimented upon his determination to
succeed himself rather than stand for tha
position of chief executive of the State.
The merits of John L. Koster for the.
office of. Auditor were discussed and it was
the majority's opinion that he should re-«
ceive the support of the club.
L. V. Merle, who is known as the Sixth
street improvement promoter, was elected
permanent secretary.
Music and recitations were indulged In
while various kinds of refreshments were
served. Altogether much enthusiasm waa
shown.
tt is a common Asiatic custom for ths
bridegroom to give chase to the bride
either on foot, on horseback or in a ca
noe. If the bridegroom catches the fugi
tive he claims her as his wife, otherwise
the match is broken off.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reacli
of Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE OF THIS
MARVELOUS HOME REMEDY
. MAILED FREE TO ALL WHO
WRITE FOR IT.
| Can Be Given in Tea, Coffee or Food, Thus
'Absolutely and Secretly x Curing the .
Patient in a Short Time With-
out His Knowledge.
There: Is a cure for Drunkenness that ha*
shed a . radiance into thousands of hitherto
desolate firesides. It does its work so silently
and surely that while the devoted wife, sister
or daughter looks on. the drunkard Is reclaimed
even against his will and without his knowl-
edge" or co-operation. The discoverer of this
grand remedy, ■ Dr. , Halnes," will send a sampl»
of the remedy free to all who will write for it.
Enough :of the remedy is mailed free to show
how It is used in tea. coffee or food and that it
will cure the dreaded habit quietly and per-
manently. .'
Miss May Muse of Liberty. Kan., used this
wonderful remedy and cured a near and dear
relative and she writes a most earnest appeal
to all other women to thus spread the work of
saving drunkards.
Mrs. May Branum. Owens. La., says the
remedy succeeded in completely curing her
husband and he thought it was by his own
free will, never suspecting the food. .
Mrs 8.1 Langdon of Wheatland. Cal.. say«
she will 'never hesitate to recommend It as It
cured her husband, who was a hard drinker.,
Hundreds of others are reported, even tha
worst cases* where the habit seems to have
I blotted out the last remaining spark of self-
i re T>a.rs and prayers are of no use. Pleading.
r.iAfiees loss of social or business position ar«
unavailing to stem the tide of absolute deprav-
Itv This famous ' remedy. Golaen Specific, dis-
covered by Dr. Haines. has reunited thousand*
of scattered. families. It has saved thousands ,
of men to social and business prominence and
public respect;- lias guided many a young man
into the right road to fortune; has saved th»
father, the brother, the son and In many cases
the wife and daughter. - too. Such a godsend
to the - fireside . should be known to everyone.
Dr.- Haines is not; a philanthropist in his own
I estimation, and - yet he is i one of ■ the greatest
I benefactors to ; the family we know of. I'poa
j application to Dr. -J. W. Halnes. 358 Glenn
Building, Cincinnati, 0.. he will mail a fre»
sample of the remedy to ; you, 'securely sealed
In a plain wrapper, also full directions how to
I use; It. books : and testimonials ' from Iv idreds
I who have been; cured, and everything needed to
i aid you In saving those near and dear to you'
I from a life of degradation and ultimate poverty
and " disgrace. '.:> . . • ■ ■' . -
t. Send for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
the rest ,■ of ' your lit>ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SPEAKS OF IT
AS A MIRACLE
Mrs. Montgomery Tells
of Her Healing.
DIAGNOSES BY DOCTORS
WAS SICK UNTO DEATH AND
YET HAD FAITH.
When The Call Announced Her Sick
ness She Says Thousands Com
menced to Pray for Her
Recovery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 25.
Mrs. , Carrie Judd Montgomery has
prepared the following statement for The
Call, setting forth the truth about her
recent miraculous healing;
As so many accounts of my recent miracu
lous healing have appeared in print I reel con
eiiain.M to present tne exact facts in the case,
\wiich can be verified, if necessary, by a num
ber of reliable witnesses. There has been con
troversy m the daily papers as to the nature
01 my disease. 1 am not sufficiently versed in
nieuicai science to know exactly what to call
the disease, but X know that 1 was sick unto
death.
1 was first taken sick November 30, 1597, with
fevere, chill and prostration, followed by great
inflammation, which lasted for weeks. A medi
cal friend called it a severe attack of la grippe,
in three weeks I was much better, but persist
ent pain and weakness in my back compelled
me to lie down much of the time. My medical
mend happened in again and said my spine
was aftected. and that the grippe had struck
to the sympathetic nerve centers. When a.
little stronger I made efforts- to walk, but with
disastrous results. The spine began to throb
and beat violently In its whole length and
then to jerk frightfully with each throb like
a pump obstructed from some cause. After
making an effort to walk the entire spine
would fairly seem to leap like galloping horses.
while in this terrible condition a lady phjr-
Pician from San Francisco (a personal friend)
caw me an.i had no human hope of my recov
ery. It was her opinion that 1 had inflamma
tion of the spinal cord. Another physician
i cm • "hicago thought I had tuberculosis of
the spine. Two other physicians pronounced
my disease spinal meningitis. I took no medi
cine, but these physicians were all friends who
took an interest in my case.
My appetite and digestion were suddenly re
stored on the day when Christian Alliance
mends in Oakland were praying and fasting
for me, so that after that I could digest food
of a simple kind. Just before my healing my
brain was in a most terrible state, some of the
time so wild that 1 could not understand what
was being said to me, and again as hot as
though filled with coals of fire.
During this illness 1 had the conviction that
I should be raised up again in answer to
prayer, ana my husband had unwavering faith
that I should be well again and resume ■ my
work for the Lord. A great deal of prayer
was offered In my behalf, especially by Chris
tian Alliance friends, who eet two different
days to pray for me, and also by the Salva
tion Army, who had a day of special prayer
In my behalf throughout the Pacific Coast Di
vision. Many other friends were also praying
lor me.
Undoubtedly the Christian brother, Mr. Fran- j
cis, was sent to me by the Lord, and he had I
strong faith for my recovery. I noticed a j
marked improvement the next morning after
he offered prayer for me. But while the Lord j
answered his prayer he was also answering the
earnest cries of many hundreds who were pray
ing in great faith for my recovery, both on
this coast and In the East. The Call accounts
of my dying condition stirred up even a more
fervent wave of prayer, and letters poured in
from God's children who were holding on for
me in unwavering faith. In view of all these
prayers offered by the members of the body
of Christ it seemed fitting that when the heal
ing really came God should. so order it that
I was communing alone with him In the si
lance of the nifht. and that I should hear his
mighty voice in the depths of my sou! assuring
me the work was done. This was between 2
and 4 o'clock Sunday morning, June 12. and
came to me In one- sense unexpectedly. As a
great calm swept over my tortured brain there
was the removal, as it were, : of Iron bands
from my si>ine. There was no excitement.
•Many times I had seemed on the verge of in
sanity. My brain became natural and cool at
once, and I have been enabled to resume my
literary labors with perfect ease.
This seems the more remarkable when I re
member that auring these past six months I
have only been able to make two efforts in this
direction, and most of the time I could not
read or. listen to reading. On the morning of
my recovery I quietly told my friend who had
the care of me that I was healed, and a little j
later I dressed alone and went into my hus- I
band's room, where we praised God together, j
and then I went downstairs and through the |
house, where I met my startled and delighted
household.
On the following Wednesday I rode six miles
to Oakland and attended the Christian Alli
ance Convention, where I stood and phvc my
testimony. CARRIE JUDD MONTGOMERY.
Mrs. Cochran Still Missing.
BERKELEY. June X.— Mrs. J. T. Coch
ran. who was reported in yesterday's Call
as missing from her home on Claremont
avenue, has not been heard from yet.
Her husband; and brothers have devoted
all their time since Wednesday to trying
to discover hf-r whereabouts. The police
m Francisco and Oakland are also
engaged in the search, hut no effort on
Uioir part ran find any trace of the miss
ing woman. It is thought now, from the
fact that she carried a grip with her,
that under a fit of temporary insanity
Fho took a trip to some part of the Stat<»,
and may be heard from at any moment.
Death Due to 9 Fall.
BERKELEY, June 25.— The Coroner's
lnuest held this evening over the re
mains of Miss Gertrude Freuler. who died
at her home on Mono street last night,
resulted in a verdict that death was due
to a fracture of the spinal column at the
base of the skull, caused , by a fall down
the stairway of her home.
The deceased was a daughter of John
Preuler of Lorin and a graduate of the
Berkeley High School of The class of '97.
The funeral will be held on Monday after
noon at 2 o'clock from the Shattuck-av
enue M. E. Church.
Berkeley Uews Notes.
BERKELEY, June 25.— Professor O. D.
Fowler and V. Bloletti of the college or
Agriculture In the University of Cali
fornia, returned yesterday from Hum
boldt County, where they held six farm*
ers" institutes.
Otto and Bruno Putzker, both sons of
Albin Putzker, professor of German In tne.
University of California, have Joined vol
unteer regiments at Camp Merritt.
Rev. J. \Y. Webb, the temperance orator
of Fresno, will address a mass meeting
to-morrow afternoon in the First Baptist
Church under the auspices of the Berke
ley division of the Sons of Temperance.
The ladies of the Berkeley branch of the
Red Cross Society sent a shipment of 600
plaster paris bandages to Ran Francisco
to-day. The Red Cross headquarters in
the Hinkle block will not be open to
morrow.
The W. C. T. I*, of Berkeley are oppos
ing vigorously the action of the Board of
Trustees in reducing saloon licenses froix^
$25 a quarter. They will present a
petition to the board at its next meeting
asking that Its previous action be re
scinded.
Infected House Guarded.
OAKLAND, .Tune 25.— John Harrigan
ami his family, who reside in North Oak
land, are causing the Health Officer much
trouble. There have been two cases of
diphtheria at his house this month and
th<> family still permit visiting by chil
dren to the placo. Officer Dunn has sta
tioned a guard at the house.
Railroad Suit Ends.
OAKLAND. June 25.— The suit of the
Realty Syndicate against the East Oak
land Street Railroad Company was fin
ished to-day. The suit was brought to re
cover on two notea of $25,000 each, and
was a necessary proceeding to clear the
title of the syndicate, which now owns
tbe road.
A Pastor Finds a Fortune.
OAKLAND. June 25.— Rev. J. E. Bush
nell of the English Lutheran church will
be absent several months. He went to
attend the funeral of an uncle, and he
found that he was appointed administra
tor of the deceased's estate and one of
the h£irs. He will settle up the estate
and come back to Oakland comparatively
rich.
Advance* mi.de on furniture and pianos, with
*r without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1022 Mission.
WILL BE NO
MILK TRUST
Majority of Dairymen
Oppose the Plan.
OPPOSITION OF PORTUGUESE
DIRECTOR i AY SAYS FIVE
DEALERS WILL EXPERIMENT.
If Successful Others May Be Induced
to Enter the Combination
{ to Control the
Trade. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 25.
The efforts to form a milk trust in this
city have failed, and although five of the
most prominent dairymen have decided
to carry out the terms upon which they
Incorporated, it was acknowledged to-day
by Director Fay that the scheme as
originally planned cannot be carried out.
One of the most Important factors in
preventing the formation of a solid milk
trust was the incorporation of all the
Portuguese dairymen a few weeks ago
for a somewhat similar purpose. The
Portuguese owned over a hundred dairies
in this county, and without them in the
combine it could not be a success, because
even the trust dealers admit that the
Portuguese supply «. good quality of milk.
In order to bring about conditions that
would favor a trust an effort was made
some time ago to take advantage of the
high price of hay by asking the feed men
not to give any credit to milkmen who
sold below a certain price per can. This,
however, was not successful, for one of
the largest of the cut-rate dairies was
able to pay spot cash for all the feed it
required, and this broke up the attempt
to control the feed men.
"While I had no doubt that it would be
better for all concerned to have the milk
trade arranged systematically," said Di
rector Fay to-day, "it is quite impossible
to get all the dealers to agree. Five of us
are going to start the corporation, and we
shall try to prove that b"y working to
gether -and saving the covering of the
same territory by many different wagons
it is advantageous to combine. At
present many who once favored the plan
have withdrawn, and although I believe
they will eventually see that there is
protection in combination, they are p now
inclined to go along on the old line.
The combination should have been ready
to commence operations before now, but
was unable to get all the tenants in i
the property at Eleventh and Clay streets, !
where they intend to open a central dis- :
tributtng agency. For a long time it was
balked by a dealer named ualker, who
wanted $350 to move into the next store
temporarily. As the trust would not pay
this it was led into inspecting his lease,
when it was found that it contained a
clause stating that if improvements were
decided on he would have to move. Tak
ing advantage of this, he was ordered to
get out and the partial combine expects
to enter upon its experiment in a couple
of weeks.
GREAT REGARD FOR
A WEAK BROTHER
HOW OFFICIALS WILL TRY TO
KEEP EAFPERTY SOBER.
Publish a Notice That No One Must
Sell Him Any More Beer in
the Township.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 25.
Thomas Rafferty of Pleasanton is a
much advertised man, though the nature
of the publicity given him would not be
ordinarily considered agreeable.
For a long time Mr. Rafferty has given
the Pleasanton officials much trouble. He
has been arrested on many occasions for
the same old habit— drunkenness. Jus
tice Brophy. Marshal Head and Constable
Lyster have personally made many ef
forts to reform their townsman, but with
out effect, and now they have taken a dif
ferent tack.
Last Monday Rafferty was up before
Justice Brophy on the same old charge.
Owing to some defect in the proceedings
Rafferty was discharged. But the officers
do not intend to let Mr. Rafferty fill a
drunkard's grave if they can help it.
They have taken sufficient interest in
Mr. Rafferty to issue the following warn
ing to all* saloon-keepers in Murray
Township:
"To whom It may concern— Notice is
hereby given that every person who sells
or furnishes or causes to be sold or fur
nished to Thomas Rafferty. an habitual
or common drunkard, any intoxicating
liquor will be prosecuted under section
397 of the Penal Code.
"E. E. HEAD, Marshal.
"L. M. LYSTER,
"Constable of Murray Township.
"Pleasanton, June 20, 1898."
Should this method of proclaiming
drunkards be followed in this county the"
Oakland papers would be publishing
many such notices and they would prob
ably'have a far greater effect than "$3 or
six days."
r
Hay Burned by Incendiaries.
ALAMEDA. June 25.— Last night a lot
of haled hay, belonging to Quong Fat,
at his garden adjoining the Cohen prop
erty was destroyed by fire. The loss was
$600. It is believed that the fire was
started purposely by a gang of boys who
infest that neighborhood and with whom
the Chinaman had had trouble because
of their damaging the hay while he was
hauling It.
Another Republican Club Organized.
ALAMEDA, June 25— The Young
Men's Republican Club of Alameda was
I organized last evening at the Encinal
Hotel. The following officers were elect-
I ed: President, James M. Stanley; first
\ I vice-president, E. R. Wilson; second
I vice-president. Henry Ricklefsen; secre
tary, H. Tank; treasurer. L. L. Schuler.
The club adopted resolutions to stand un
pledged, but to advocate the best man
for the purpose of making this the ban
ner Republican city of the State.
For the Tidal Canal.
ALAMEDA, June 25.— A private letter
was received to-day in this city from
Congressman Hilbom, in which he says:
"The 6undry civil appropriation bill con
tains an item as follows: 'Improving
harbor at Oakland, Cal., for continuing
improvement under existing project,
$130,000.' This means that your harbor is
I to be completed according to the original
plan, which Includes the tidal canal."
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, June 25.— The ladies of the
Red Cross have issued an appeal to the
people of this city to contribute indi
vidual lunches for the soldiers who will
sail on Monday for Manila.
Burglars stole a lot of carpenter tools
last night from a building in process of
erection on Santa Clara avenue, near
'< Union street.
S. S. Morton, recently appointed re
[ ceiver of public moneys in the San Fran
! Cisco Land Office, has for some time
' been living with his son-in-law. Officer
Rogers of this city.
A carrier-pigeon message was received
Thursday night from the Alameda party
| on the Dawson City, en route to Alaska.
They were off Bolinas Head and all
The IV)ys' Brigade of the Presbyterian
church Vill go into camp next week at
Boulder Creek.
It has been found In Switzerland that
in building a railway, laborers could work
only one-third as long at a height of 10,000
feet as a mile lower.
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 26, 1898.
SERGEANTS TO
BE RETAINED
Mayor Thomas Sees No
Reason for Removal.
* i
THE CHIEF IS SATISFIED
NO EXTRA PAY GOES WITH THiii
HONOR.
Not Much Needed, but Will Not Be
Dropped Unless Some Good
Reason ■ Can Be
Shown.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 25.
In spite of all that is being said re
garding the dropping of two sergeants
from the police force there is no inten
tion on the part of the Board of Police
Commissioners to take any such action.
Some time before Chief Lloyd went out
of office, at his request two patrolmen,
Peterson and Green, were promoted to
be sergeants. There is no extra salary
in the office, but there is a little dignity to
it, and -the incumbent is at liberty to
wear two or three extra bands of gold
lace and a, more ornamental badge on his
cap.
The appointment of sergeants has never
been popular with the men on the force.
They regard the intermediate officers
more as spies than anything else, and
on several occasions friction has resulted.
With the system now perfect in this city
by which officers report to the central
station every hour, it is considered un
necessary to have sergeants running
around town seeing that the men are on
their beats.
Mayor Thomas said yesterday that all
the talk about removing the sergeants is
nonsense and has no foundation in fact.
•'I for one have no intention of advocat
ing any changes in the department," he
said. "Everything is running smoothly
and I see no reason for disturbing
things."
Chief of Police Fletcher was asked this
morning about the matter and said that
he did not favor any change at present.
"The two men, Peterson and Green, are
doing all right," said the Chief, "and al
though I do not see any particular use
for three sergeants in our force, still the
men have been appointed and unless
A DEPARTURE IN CHURCH ARCHITECTURE.
The Handsome New Home of the Unitarian Congregation of
Berkeley, Now Under Construction.
BERKELEY, June 25.— 8y the Ist of September the Unitarians of Berkeley will have a church of their own.
Their temporary, use of Stiles Hall has always been a matter of protest on the part of the orthodox ministers In
town, and more than once they were on the point of being forced to go elsewhere. That whole difficulty will be set
tled when the building now being erected at the corner of Bancroft Way and Dana street is completed.
In style the structure will be a bold departure from the conventional church architecture. The covering, both
on the roof and sides, will consist of hand split cedar shingles laid a foot to the weather, giving a silvery gray ef
fect. In the interior the walls are to be paneled to a height of ei^ht feet with wide redwood boards fastened by
wooden keys. Above this the walls will be roughly plastered and colored a deep red. The trusses of the roof will be
formed of 12x12 rough pine beams, supported by heavy ship knees, and the rafters of 6x6 rough pine, all stained a
deep brown. To add to the rustic effect the posts supporting the beams on the porch will be redwood trunks, three
feet in diameter, with the bark left op.
The building was designed by A. C. Schweingarth. In size it will be 75 feet square, with a seating capacity
of 300. It will be erected at a total cost of $5000. The building committee consists of W. B. Payson, Edmund Gray
and J. L. Bunnell. The trustees of the church are Professor "William Carey Jones, Edwin Bunnell and S. N. Wyckoff.
they do something to deserve punishment
I do not think It would be right to reduce
them. They have been put to consider
able expense in acquiring new uniforms
and badges for which they receive no
compensation, and as their salary is just
equal to that of a patrolman they should
be left undisturbed."
■ m ■
LIQUOR IN CAMP.
Sheriff White Says He Believes It to
Be Illegal.
OAKLAND, June 25.— Referring to the
possibility of several saloon*, springing up
around the camp to be established at
Bather, Sheriff White said io-day:
"It won't be allowed if I can prevent
It," he declared. "I was surprised and
disgusted the other day when I visited
Camp Merritt and saw enlisted men
drinking and carousing In saloons. Dur
ing the civil war I was connected with
the provost department and such a thin*
as selling liquor to an enlisted man waa
not permitted.
"In 1861 the Congress of the United
States passed a law declaring that no
liquor should be sold to enlisted men. I
believe you will find that law has never
been repealed. But whether it has 01
not, It is outrageous to permit enlisted
men to be served with liquor In saloons
at or near a camp. They are permitted
to carry sldearms, and just Imagine th«
results of a squad of infantrymen with
sword-bayonets being permitted to fill
themselves with liquor in a saloon. Sup
pose they quarrel; it means a fight and
somebody wounded, and perhaps killed,
or at least permanently disabled.
"Then again new recruits who may
soon be called into active service In a.
cHmate they are not accustomed to,
should not be soaked with whisky or beei.
Men die under such conditions; die like
sheep. They are the first to fall victims
to fevers; they are unable to endure the
hardships of marching under arms, to say
nothing of enduring the shock of bai
tle.
"No, sir; we will have no more saloon*
around the new camp site if I can pre
vent it, am l I believe that I can. I shall
most certainly try to."
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND, June 25.— A party of Oak
land^rs, consisting of Banker W. G. Pal
manteer, Councilman F. R. Girard, A. L.
McPherson and H. M. Barry, are to start
shortly upon a hunting: excursion to the
Rogue River Mountins, in Oregon. They
expect to be gone from a month to six
weeks, and are going after elk, bear and
other big game.
Sheriff White has made return of an
attachment levied on lot 6fi in Henry D.
Phillips' subdivision of Bray Tract. This
proceeding grew out of a suit commenced
by C. M. Hutcher & Co. against B. A.
Randlett and R. R. Lomax to recover
judgment for $1763 13.
The physicians who have been attend
ing upon State Senator Eli S. Denison
are much puzzled over his condition, and
after several consultations by some of
the most eminent physicians in the State
no relief has been obtained. Dr. O. D.
Hamlin has charge of the case.
Major Ward Bradford, 90 years of age,
an old pioneer of California, and for a
lonr time a resident of Fresno County,
died in this city last night and will be
buried from Masonic Temple to-morrow
(Sunday) at 2:30 p. m.
The late Thomas Gray, who died at
Haywards on May 3, left an estate in
that town consisting of a house and lot
valued at $200(7! J. H. Gray has petitioned
for letters of administration on the es
tate. The heirs are represented to be
Isabelle H. Falconer of Ontario, Canada:
George Gray, J. H. Gray and T. F. Gray
of Haywards.
Rev. R. F. Coyle, D.D., pastor of the
First Presbyterian church, has arrived at
home and will occupy his pulpit to-mor
row, after an absence of six weeks.
Gored by a Bull.
OAKLAND. June 25.— Thomas John
son, a lad employed on the Davidson
ranch in East Oakland, was attacked by
a bull last evening and impaled upon the
animal's horns. The bull had to be se
verely beaten before the boy was res
cued.
> Johnson's duty was to care for the ani
mal, and he was watering the brute
when it attacked him. He is seriously
injured but will recover.
J. J. Valentine Returns.
OAKLAND, June 25.— J. J. Valentine
and his wife returned to their home to
day. They left four months ago and
have traveled all over the country, com
ing from Yokohama on the Coptic.
AN ACT OF HEROISM.
Jack Brady, a Boatman, Saves the
Life of His Friend, Jack
Richardson.
An act of heroism was performed yes
terday by Jack Brady, a boatman, which
resulted In saving his friend, Jack Rich
ardson, from a watery grave.
The two friends went out in a Whitehall
boat, and when off Selby's smelting
works the boat capsized. Brady man
aged to get on the keel of the upturned
boat and dragged Richardson beside
him. Richardson was washed off several
times, but Brady rescued him each time.
The revenue cutter Hartley went to tha
men's assistance and rescued them just
in time, at least for Richardson, as he
was thoroughly exhausted, and Brady's
strength could not have held out much
longer. Richardson was rolled on a bar
rel and other remedies taken to bring
him back to consciousness till they were
successful. He had a close shave, and
but for Brady would have been "across
the river."
YACHT RACES.
Many Entries Have Been Received
for the Regatta of the San
Franciscos.
At a meeting of the directors of the San
Francisco Yacht Club held Thursday aft
ernoon at 6 o'clock at the Merchants' Ex
change the following were present: Com
modore Dr. T. L. Hill, Vice-Commodore
G. T. S. White, Treasurer R, B. Hogue,
Secretary C. B. Hill, Financial Secretary
W. G. Morrow und Measurer J. M. Pun-
nett.
To-day an open regatta will be held,
for which entries will be received by the
secretary this morning at the club
house. The regatta will be in
charge of the regatta committee, which
consists of "Vice-Commodore G. T. S.
White, Treasurer R. B. Hogue and Meas
urer" J. M. Punnett. The course will be as
follows: Start across a line drawn be-
tween the schooner Chispa and a stake
boat, thence to a stakeboat anchored off
Angel Island, thence to Shag Rock,
thence to starting point, leaving the Dan
ger buoy on the port hand and keeping
out of the danger area. The small boats
will go round the course once, and the
yachts in the larger classes twice.
The following entries have been re
ceived by the secretary:
Class I— Tachts of 37 feet mean length and
over, L. Q. Haven's sloop Sappho of the San
Francisco Yacht Club.
Class 2— Yachts of 30 feet mean length and
over. Prank Bartlett's sloop Queen of the San
Francisco Yacht Club: E. N. Walter's sloop
Embla of the California Yacht Club: A. D.
Naylor's sloop Twilight of the San Francisco
Yacht Club, and C. Chlttenden's yawl Phyllis
of the San Francisco Yacht Club.
Class 3— Yachts of 25 feet mean length and
over. Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop Cygnus
of the San Francisco Yacht Club; Commodore
Carl Westerf eld's sloop Aeolus of the Corin
thian Yacht Club; W. P. Humphrey's sloop
Mlgnon of the Corinthian Yacht Club; A.
Sutherland's sloop Catherine of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, and G. F. Gaither's sloop
U and 1 of the California Yacht Club.
Class 4— Yachts of 20 feet mean length and
over, R. R. r'Hommedieu's sloop Phoenicia of
the California Yacht Club; J. U. Savory's sloop
Juanita of the San Francisco Yacht Club; Vice-
Commodore G. T. S. White's sloop Will o' the
Wisp of the San Francisco Yacht Club: George
turn Suden's sloop Reglna of the California
Yacht Club; F. B. Findloy'i sloop Scout of the
Kan Francisco Yacht Club; P. W. Hurndall's
sloop Merope of the Corinthian Yacht Club;
J. A. Breltzmann's sloop Cupid of the Corinth
ian Yarht Club; H. W. Brydges" sloop Hope of
the California Yacht Club, and Allen M. Clay's
sloop Sea Fox of the California Yacht Club.
For the mosquito class in which are in
cluded all yachts of a less mean length
than twenty feet, the following entries
have been made:
T. L. Miller's sloop Idl°r of thft Corinthian
Yacht Club; G. A. Story" b yawl Caprice of
thp San Francisco Yacht Club; Jules Hart
man's sloop Topsy of the California Yacht
Club; A. Page's sloop Porls of the Corin
thian Club; Allen & Harrison's sloop Myth;
Dean Brothers' sloop Wee Wun, and F." B.
Langstroth's yawl Luplta of the California
Yacht Club.
The races in classes 3 and 4 and between
the boats of the mosquito fleet promise
to be decidedly interesting, particularly
If the brisk breezes of the last few 'days
hold out.
Irregular but Legal.
An effort was made by mandate to have
Judge Buck of the Superior Court of San
Mateo County settle a bill of exceptions
presented to him by the attorneys for
Harry Winters, tYn Baden murderer, who
has been sentenced to be hanged. Ths
Judge refused to do so on the ground, that
the testimony was set out in full anrl not
in narrative form. The Supreme Court
has ordered the bill settled, holding that
while the rule has been set as Interpreted
by Judge Buck, still the rule is harsh and
not always easy to follow.
A Case of Destitution.
Mrs. S. A. Stone and her family, re
siding at 12 Godeua street, near the Mis
sion-street car house, are In destitute cir
cumstances. About three years ago Mrs.
Stone was left a widow and since that
time seven persons have depended on her
for existence. A few weeks ago she was
taken HI and poverty gained an entrance
Into the modest littl* homo she stiived
to support.
TROTTING TO
THE FRONT
A Most Successful and
Happy Opening.
THE P. C. T. H. B. A. MEETJNG
• i
A FAST TRACK, GOOD HORSES
AND CLOSE CONTESTS.
Who Is It Will Be Known in the
Future and I Direct Be
Followed by
Backers.
Bright, pleasant weather, a good,
lively programme and an attendance
conservatively estimated at some twen
ty-five hundred people, combir-I to
make the opening day of the P. C. B. T.
H. A.'s summer meeting a big success.
Society turned out in Great force at the
Oakland track, and private carriages
were in lively evidence.
The events of the day were promptly
dispatched, and nothing unpleasant oc
curred to mark an enjoyable after
noon's sport.
The officials were: Judges— A. H. Co
hen, F. W. Covey and T. J. Crowley;
starter, Richard Havey; timers— T.
Pearson, F. Betner and Clarence Day;
clerk of the course, Richard Ledgett.
Many familiar faces were to be seen In
the moving throng, notably Judge Greene
of Oakland, Dr. Latham, Dr. Finlaw, C.
M. Chase, P. J. Shatter. George Wiley,
Charles Hug, Jesse D. Carr of Salinas,
Charles Griffith, Acting President D. Ei.
Knight, Vice-President A. G. Gurnett,
Walter Morosco, F. M. Day, L. E. Claw
son, C. J. Crittendon, Charles Lathrop, R.
B. Mllroy, Louis Lissak, J. Cairn Simp
son, L. Sehaffer and others.
Silver Queen delayed the start by un
steadiness a few scores, and to a very
uneven send off they were sent away by
Joe Selby at least two lengths ahead of
the pole, which advantage Smith made
good by early taking the pole. Reet, the
favorite, made a disastrous break in the
second quarter and was passed by every
horse in the race. Selby, after a com
manding lead through the back stretch,
was joined at the head of the stretch by
Favor and Mamie Riley when a hot fight
for the heat ensued. At the seven fur
long post Joe Selby stopped, having shot
his bolt, and a very pretty brush from
that point to the wire between Tounn
Durfee with Mamie Riley and Clark with
Favor aroused the enthusiasm of the
grand stand, Favor securing the verdict
by half a length over the daughter or
McKinney in the fast time of 2:2lV*. Rect,
the topheavy favorite, finished absolutely
last.
The 2:20 pace, also a mile dash, brought
to the wire five starters, of which four
wore the deadly hopple?. Dictatus, the
well-known son of Red WiNces, owned by
that good sportsman, F. M. Day, was
strongly fancied and made an even money
favorite, sustaining the good opinions of
his supporters by winning very handily
over Fitz Aymoa, Masten easing him on
the stretch and looking back over his
shoulder so as not to take too fast a
mark. The heat was 2:l9Vi, the last quar
ter in :33% pulled up. Good judges pre
dict a mark of 2:10 ere the season closes.
The third race brought out quite a con
sistent performer, age considered, in the
handsome, pmooth-gaited gray gelding
Who Is It, by Nutwood Wilkes, he win
ning very handily over Sibyl S in 2:24*£
California and Maud Murry bringing up
the rear. In the books the winner was
held at 2 to 5 and had he been pressed
6howed capacity to beat 2:20.
The fourth race brought out a grand
field of five bloodlike representatives of
the 2:13 class. Each had strong support
with Jack W an even money favorite
Mamie Griffin, a well-played second
choice, at 6 to 5, Monterey and Galette at
about fours and twos. In the auctions it
was Jack W and the field $10 "write your
own ticket." Jack W after standing
Griffin on her head at the first turn was
joined near the half by Monterey and
Galette, the pace at this point being too
hot for the favorite and Monterey went
to the front in the fast time of 1:06% the
second quarter having been trotted in
;32%— a 2:11 gait. On the homestretch
Williams had merely to steady the son
of Sidney, as it was all over but the
shouting. In a very close finish for the
place Galette outfooted Jack W, Mamie
Griffin and Thompson trailing in far in
the rear. Time 2:13>4. which shows the
Oakland track to be strictly first-class as
it was not a fast day because of the cool
atmosphere and strong wind.
Last on the programme was the ill
placed 2:40 pace, conditions of which
being the best two in three, rendered it
tiresome between heats, despite the best
efforts of the orchestra. The scoring was
prolonged to fourteen ragged come-downs,
after which they -were sent away to a fair
start for so unwieldy a field. Primrose,
which was heavily played for tiie heat
led the hoppled Mark H a merry chase
till near the half, when both left their
stride, and Nelson sent I Direct from
fourth position into the lead, opening up a
twenty-length gap around the upper turn
and kept a terrific clip to the drawgate
when he was taken back and Jogged home
an easy winner in 2:21%. Roderick, which
was a long shot in the books, outflnished
the handsome Primrose for the place
Captain Hackett, Peanuts, Alsandy and
Rex Alto were confronted -with the ban
ner.
The- second heat saw I Direct a pro
hibitive favorite, and he won hands down
in 2:18*4. Resort, which finished last in
the opening heat, paced the stretch very
fast, and, overhauling the Primrose inside
the distance flag, got the place. Lindo fell
by the wayside, finishing the wrong side
of the banner. The winner is a full
brother to the one-time phenomenon
Rokeby, 2:13^4.
In the first heat he showed perceptibly
lame, but this wore away as the race pro
gressed. He is a worthy representative
of the house of Direct and bids fair to
take a fast mark, barring accidents.
FIRST RACE.
3:00 class, trotting, one mile dash; purse, $200.
Favor, eh. g., by Dalj* (Hogoboom) 1
Mamie Riley, b. m., by McKinney (Durfee)...2
Joe Selby, b. g., by Don L (Joe Smith) 3
Ed Winship, Bertha R, Silver Queen and
Rect also started and finished In the order
named.
Time, :35H— 1:ll 1 4— 1:<6— 2:21%.
Betting: Auction pools— Rect $6, field $10.
Books— Favor 6, Mamie Riley 8, Joe Selby 10,
Ed Winship 3 to 2, Rect evens. Bertha R 8.
SECONIf RACE.
2:20 class, pacing, one mile dash: purse $200.
Dictatus. eh. h., by Red Wilkes (W. Hasten).. l
Fitz Aymon, blk. g.. by Waldstetn (Hurl
. Bert) j
Butcher Boy, eh. ».. by Secretary (D. Mlsner).3
Bess H and Coi . H also started and finished
In that order.
Betting: Auction pools— Dictatus 10, field 7.
Books— Dictatus evens, Fltz Aymon 2, Butcher
Boy 2, Bess H 6. Cora H 4.
Time, :34— 1:10— 1:45&— 2:00— 2:19%.
THIRD RACE.
3:00 class, three-year-olds, trotting-, one mile
dash; purse $200.
Who la It, gr. g., by Nutwood Wllkes (A.
McDonald) 1
Sibyl S, blk. m., by Hambletonlan Wllkes (J.
Moorhead) %
California, eh c, by Silver Bow (E. Wil
liams) 3
Maude Murry also started.
Betting: Auction pools— Who Is It $10, Field
$6. Books— Who Is It 2 to 5, Sibyl 4, California
3, Maud Murry 7 to 2.
Time, :3ti— l:l4— l 49^—2 24H.
FOURTH RACE.
2:13 class, trotting, one mile dash: purse $200.
Monterey, eh. s., by Sidney (P. J. Williams). 1
Galette, blk. m., by Jud Wllkes (R. AbUr).. 2
Jack W, eh. s., by WfUdstein (H. Hass) 3
Mamie Griffin and Thompson also started
and flnishf-d in that order.
Time, :34— 1:06<J4— 1:40— 2:13%.
Betting: Auction pools— Jack W and the
field even. Books— Monterey 4, Galette S to 2,
Jack W 4 to 6, Mamie Griffin 8 to 5, Thomp
son 9 to 2.
FIFTH RACE.
2:40 class, pacing, mile heats, two In three,
purse $300.
I Direct, b. s., by Direct (J. M. Ne150n).... 1 1
Roderick, b. g. by General Benton (.C.
Crippen) 2 4
Resort, br. g. by Hawthorne (W. Dona
than) « 2
Primrose, b. m by Falrose (J. Thompson).. 3 3
Mark H, br. h. by Bismarck (T. Gabriel).. 5 5
Linda blk. m. by Strathway (H. Hell
man) 4 a
Peanuts, eh. g. by Sidney (E. Williams)... dlst
Alsandy, b. g. by Wayland (E. Hunt) dist
Rex Alto, b. g. by Alto Rex (W. Mabsn)... dist
Captain Hackett, b. g. by Steinway (J. Sul
livan) dist
Time, first heat, :33Vi— 1:09%— 1:44V4— 2:21V6.
Second heat, :34"L;— 1:05— 1:43V«— 2:18%.
Betting, first heat, auctions— Primrose and
I Direct $10, the field $12. Books— Primrose 2,
I Direct 3, Captain Harkett and Rex Alto 4.
Peanuts and Roderick 6, Resort and Alsandy
8, Lindo 12 and Mark H 20.
Second heat, auctions— l Direct $10, the field
$4. Books— l Direct 3 to 5, Roderick 9 to 2.
Resort S, Primrose 2, Mark H 10 and Lindo 15.
WHEAT MARKET HAS
A BEARISH TENDENCY
HEAVY SELLINGS DURING THE
PAST THREE DAYS.
A Steady Decline in Farm Products
Generally — Barley Market in
Bad Condition.
Farm products, while not materially
lower than a week ago, still show de
clining tendencies. Liverpool quotations
during the past week have daily shown
a small decline as compared with the
previous day. Paris markets became im
bued with bearish inclinations and have
shown a marked decline for the week.
The situation abroad is one where buy
ers took fright and overstocked them
selves with wheat at very high prices.
Now they are selling futures in our mar
kets to hedge first holdings. Some for
eign importers have, upon technical
grounds, refused purchases made from
Leiter, using as a basis of their refusal
that the goods were not equal to sample,
which course will probably prove of no
avail to them. The trade throughout the
world know that Leiter's wheat is the
best the market affords. The refusal to
accept is merely to avoid a loss. Ihe
failure of Leiter has put all wheat mar
kets in a state of chaos, no one knowing
what to expect next.
Another depressing factor is the good
crop prospects, which were par excel
lence until the past ten days, when much
danger was reported from the South
western States by too much moisture and
cold, unseasonable weather. Upon these
reports shorts and the Southwest bought
freely, causing an advance to 69Vic for
September wheat. Added to these bull
ish factors came reports of damage to
the French crops, which was later de
nied, effecting a general change in senti
ment.
Heavy selling by those who bought
early in the week characterized the mar
ket during the last three days of the
week. The market yielded stubbornly,
but the bears succeeded in forcing the
price to 66Vic for September and 6fi3ic for
December at the close on Saturday. Ar
mour and his following have been persis
tent sellers of the deferred futures and
buyers of cash wheat, spot being in good
demand at 8c to 10c over July, which op
tion is about 5c over September. At pres
ent'the feeling in the wheat market from
a professional standpoint is bearish.
There is a bright side to look upon that
is at this time well to consider. The trade
Is discountig a crop of "50,000.000, or
100.000,000 more than the Government re
port of June 10 estimated. There has
been considerable damage done to the
crop of winter wheat. The harvesting of
winter wheat will begin after July 4. The
continuous rains of late. If they continue,
will make harvesting late and additional
damage result. The yield per acre, it is
claimed by well-posted grain men, will
prove disappointing. The spring wheat
section is rapidly approaching a period
where conditions, if a change comes,
must be for the worse. It seems only
reasonable that prices are as low as they
really should be. Sentiment has carried
with it a period of depression which later
on may prove unwarranted. Foreigners
will waift American wheat at prices much
above those prevailing at present. June
is about over and liquidation by long
holders of July, if not entirely over, is
well nigh so. It would not be unexpect
ed to see a change for the better after
July 1. Wheat in the local market sold
at $1 22%. for December during the week.
At the decline shippers were quietly buy
ing. Should any accident happen to the
Oregon and Washington crops an ad
vance of no small proportions would oc
cur. Shorts are becoming more cautious
and playing close to shore. The bulls are
holding off, awaiting- some favorable
signs that will strengthen their position.
Barley continues steady around $1 12%
for .December. Considerable old barley Is
arriving from the north. It will take con
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOSTON ANDILASKA
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Owners, Will Dispatch the Following Steam- .
DAWSON CITY
And INTERMEDIATE YUKON RIVER
POINTS, Via
DUTCH HARBOR, NEW BOSTON AND ST.
MICHAEL:
steel RRTYHAM
STEAMSHIP i>n.l All
BAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 5.
. STEEL T ATIRATIA
• ' STEAMSHIP «**• II A j . •
AILING ; ON . OR ABOUT 11 JULY. 15. -
Kmship SOUTH PORTLAND,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 25.
Connecting at. mouth of Yukon River with the
• - ' ',■■-.' company's ; fleet of -
'■■ EIGHT RIVER STEAMERS and BARGES,
Colonel McNaught. Governor Ping Tee. Philip B.
Low, "A. E. Fay, B. B. Glascock, Michigan,
, Washington > and New . York.
■ Boston and r Alaska" Transportation -Company
; owns . and operates | Its | ocean steamships and
fleet of modern river : steamers, which are . now
In service on the . : Yukon River.
'' Special accommodations ; for ladles. , "
• Electric . lights, :• steam beat, best meals, ' beat
berths, ; best time. ' -:■ --• ■.- '■ . ; ' r .
■' : For freight and passenger rates • apply -
■ :■.-. v,/; „.;,-;.'.■- v- H.»M.:HAINES, .•
' . Contracting Freight and Passenger Agent, -.
-i-^wJO Montgomery 6t-, San Francisco, Cal.
. v,, .;• t «.3 .4 A. E. CRONENWETT, «-
General Traffic Manager, Seattle, Wash.
.' . - -- ::;- v... - * -. . ... " T' .-<-.-..»... . ■■ .. .. '-' ./ -~ - .
AUCTION SALES.
IMPORTANT PUBLIC NOTICE.
Great Auction Sale
BY CATALOGUE, OF
VALUABLE BOOKS.
GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
The Immense Library of the Inde-
pendent Order of Odd Fellows, to
Be Sold at Auction by Order of
the Board of Trustees of the Li-
brary Association of the 1. 0. 0. P.
I WILL SELL
At public auction ! the Association Rooms,
cor. Market and Seventh eta., their entire mag-
nificent library, comprising upward of 15,000
volume* standard works, embracing every
branch of literature, science, art, history, bi-
ography, belles lettres, travel, poetry, ro-
mance, valuable illustrated books, bound jour-
nals and magazines, London Art Journal from
1849 to 1882, San Francisco Bulletin from first
issue In 1855 to 18S4, complete I t of San Fran-
cisco directories, set Gentlemen's Magazine
(London) from 1731 to 1882; description of Egypt
in French, published by order Napoleon, 25
volumes text, 11 volumes plates; Russell
Scott's Naval Architecture, 3 volumes, with all
the ureat variety of rare books contained la
this valuable collection.
SALE WILL COMMENCE
MONDAY, JUNE 27th INST.,
At 2 o'clock p. m. and at 7:30 p. m..
To continue dally at the same hour and place
until the entire library is disposed of.
Catalogues can be obtained at the Asgoclm-
tlon rooms, corner Market and Seventh «ts.,
Friday. June 24, from 9 a. m. till 4 p. m.
GEORGE F. LAMSON. Auctioneer.
tinuous support to maintain barley at
present quotations.
R. E. MULCAHT.
THE THISTLE CLUB.
Interest in the Sixteenth Annual
Gathering and Gamea Increasing.
As the time draws nearer interest In
the sixteenth annual gathering and
games of the San Francisco Scottish
Thistle Club to be held in Shell Mound
Park on July Fourth is increasing. The
arrangements for the event are of the
most elaborate description, and the pa
trons of the club may expect a rare day's
sport and amusement.
Besides the usual athletic events there
will be some n#w and novel features, one
of the most entertaining being a cake
walk between Major Waters and Milton
Johnson, champions of Oakland, and
Charles O'Brien and John Duke, cham
pions of San Francisco.
There will be dancing in the two pa
vilions all day and at night, the music
being supplied by a celebrated band.
The games will be under the supervision
of the official starter, John Donaldson,
Royal Chief Dawson and Recorder Pa
terson. Andrew Rosa, the chieftain ot
the club, has made all arrangements for
the entertainment of the guests, and they
may expect a right royal Highland wel
j come.
In the evening there will be a grand
display of fireworks, embracing a num
ber of patriotic features. Soldiers and
I sailors of the army and navy will be ad
: mitted to the grounds free of charge, and
any participating in the athletic events
will not be charged an entrance fee.
A Point for Supervisors.
The Supreme Court holds that a Super
visor cannot secure a demand from the
county for any other services than those
specified by law. This was brought out
in the mandamus proceedings of D. C.
Shepherd, a Supervisor of San Joaquin
County, who in 1595 attended the Super
visors' convention in Los Angeles. He
presented his bill for expenses and the
board passed the demand, that bods r hav
ing by resolution authorized the attend
ance at the convention. The Auditor re
fused to draw his warrant for the de
mand and his position was upheld by the
Superior Court, whose decision was af
firmed by the Supreme Court.
OCEA2* TKAV£L.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fc^ Steamers leave Broadway
TS»w_^ wharf, San Francisco.
11J*S*3j»l. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. in.,
WffC^Bli June 5, 10. 15. 20. 25, 30, July 6.
klwwa transfer at Seattle.
BsssV^sW \ml For Alaskan ports (from
|3|hE«^bESm Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
f^B^Kilffl June 6, 26. July 17, August 4,
25, transfer at Portland. Or.
■.•■.■'"■ For Victoria, Vancouver. (B.
C ) ' Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m June 5 10. 15, 20. 25, 30. July 6, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry . ?t Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
W For C Eureka " (Humboldt Bay), ,10 a. m.,
June :. 7. 13, 19 > 25. July •■ and every »ixt»
day thereafter.
For Santa Crui. Monterey, Ban Simeon.
Ca via. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota, ' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles). and
Newport, 9 a. m.. June 2. 6. 10. 14. IS, 22. 26, JO.
July 4, and every fourth day tnereafter. -?.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), U
a. m.. June 4, 8. 12. 16, 20. 24. 28. July 2. and
evtry fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas iMex.), 10 a. m., June : 17,
July 2.
For further ■ Information obtain folder. '
. Th« company reserves the right to change
without prevloun notice steamers, sailing dates
■ I'd hn»ir» nf enlHne. '•-.. ■■:.;■
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). '■-<■'- • >.■ — ■ •
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts..
:•;,• : . 10 Market »t.. San FYnndsco. t -
THE 0. R. & N. GO. ",
. DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS T0 ....
, From Folsom-stre«t Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC 12 First Class ■ Including Bert*
IAnL «8 Second Class and Meals.
- •:•;■ SCHEDULE ; OF | SAILINGS:
Columbia June 6. 14. M
Slate of California June S. 17, 21
Oregon .:..".. June 11, 20, 29
St. Paul ...A $16 Oo|St. Louis ..........$« 00
Kansas City .... 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 001 New York ...:.... 31 06
•' ■-■-• E. C. WARD, General Agent. ■-
- • 630 Market it.
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. .
.• > - .; Superintendents. ■ ■ •
saJls vla Honolulu and
fHßpniitft The s - s - alamei)a
Jls 11 HlM.. sail 3 via Honolulu and
•!£■»«■• Auckland for Sydney
g Wednesday. July U, at
M^W^^itMnSliiD^ 2 The^saillng for Hono-
iSJwmSniD <-J The saHlns for Hone-
QjlWjlllJlllr' lulu June 29 is can-
/Ofnß>ini|L»celed.
s>C>^ . Vyillr » :■ Line to cooLGAR-
DIE, Australia, ■ and CAPE TOWN. South
Africa. " ■■.-..
J. D. SPRECKELS ft BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market St., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantics,
French Line to Havre. v-
Company" 8 Pier (new), 42 North ■■■■ 4*^2*, -
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers •CSlSS£>
by this line avoid 1 both transit by»W**»*>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing;
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, S160;
i second class. $116. • \ ~
LA 80URG0GNE........ ...... July 2, 10 a. in.
LA T0URA1NE........... July 9, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE.. ..;...July 16. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE ............ ...July 23. 10 a."m.
LA GASCOGNE .;.-.. .-.-......;r;.Ju1y 30, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLAN-
• TIQUE, Agent. - - — .. .
■-■.■-■-• - ' - No. 3 Bowling Green, New York. ■
; J. F. FUGAZI CO., Agents. S.Montgomery
a ye., San Francisco. ... . :■ " ■ ' , - • r: \
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. •
", : Steamer "Monticello." ;
• Mon. ! , Toes.;' 1 Wed., • Thurs. ; an« 5at.;........ " '
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. ThurM
Fridays .......... ......•! P- m. and 8:*0 p. m.
', Sundays ..............;.' v 10:30 a. m. and lp. a.
iLandlns and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier Ik '
* leiephone Red 841.
1516
GRAFTERS
STILL WORK
THE PRISON
Information Is Given
From the Inside.
SEYMOUR IS INDIGNANT
THE CAPTAIN IS MAKING AN
INVESTIGATION.
If the Offenders Are Caught They
Will Be Summarily Dismissed
From the Depart
ment.
The order issued by Captain Seymour
prohibiting: scheming attorneys from
entering the City Prison is being gross
ly violated. Somebody connected with
the pYison manages to furnish the dis
reputable gang with information con
cerning the names of the unfortunate
Inmates, particularly those who have
any money booked to their credit.
As an instance a middle-aged man
named Charles Kngstrom was arrested
yesterday afternoon and charged with
disturbing the peace. Less than five
minutes after he was thrown in prison
a Police Court practitioner named
Webb visited the office of the Chief of
Police and by representing that Eng
stronijiad sent for him, procured an or
der directed to the prison keeper, al
lowing the attorney to see him. After
learning that he had $fi SO on the prison
blotter the attorney hunted up Judge
Mogan, and influenced him to issue an
order for the release of the prisoner on
his own recognizance.
How Webb managed to learn the
name of the defendant is puzzling
Captain Seymour. He is strongly in
clined to believe that somebody con
nected with the prison is guilty of fur
nishing tht^ names of the unfortunate
inmates to the unscrupulous gang.
Since the issuance of the order for
bidding the disreputable horde of hu
man vultures from visitfrig the prison
every efi'ort has been made to induce
Captain Seymour to rescind it. Know
ing the grafting -—-"Densities of the
gang Seymour stood firm and an
nounced that under no circumstances
would he permit an attorney to enter
the prison except that he was sent for
by a prospective client.
Evidently believing that some prison j
attache Mould interest himself In be- I
half of a trusted member of the gang. |
expecting to receive a portion of the i
fees collected by him, Seymour notified '
the vaj-ious officers of the city bastile j
that a violation of the order would re
sult in the offender being taken before
the Police Commissioners and sum- j
marily dismissed from the department.
Notwithstanding hi? warning it is I
strongly believed that one or more at- i
tachea of the prison manage to secretly i
give information to the gang, which I
enables its chief grafters to "work" the j
unfortunate prisoners despite the vigi- |
lance of Captain Seymour. It is known
that the latter is making a quiet in
vestigation and confidently expects to
land the offenders.
ROBBERY AT STJTRO HEIGHTS.
B. F. Thrush of Mendocino County a
Victim of ,Pea and Shell
Game Men.
B. F. Thrush and R. F. Harmon, from
Fort Brarp". Mendocino County, went to
Sutro Heights yesterday, and during their
peregrinations they pot Into what is
knowr as tho maze. Thore they wf>re ac
costed by two operators of the pea and
shell (tame, who asked them to try their
luck at RTiessinp.
They declined, and one of them remark
ed that they had not pot any money.
Thrush pulled $30 out of his pocket. Quick
as liphtninp one of the pea and shell men
snatched a $10 frold piece out of Thrush's
hand and skipped, followed by his part
ner.
Thrush was wandering around the maze
alone in search of the man who robbed
him v\ en a stranger came up to him and
threatened to arrest him for Rambling.
Thrush was glad to pet away as quickly
a? possible, but when he met Pollcem-m
Schafer later he told him of how he had
been robbed. Schafer took him to police
headquarters, where a description of the
rubber was taken.
A Probable Suicide.
The body nf a man supposed to be L. D.
Kuepter was found yesterday morning at
1 o'clock on a bench in Columbia Park on
Folsom street, between Seventh and
Eighth. A bottle which had contained
cyanide of potassium was found In the
vicinity. The corpse was taken to the
Morgue and an inquest will be held. The
deceased was a member of Vallejo Loctee
No. 70. A. O. D. "W., and resided at 5:13
Clara street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY raw ALL OVER
Crusts Came Off with Clothes.
Suffered Terribly. Tried
Everything without Avail.
CURED BY CUTICURA IN 3 WEEKS
My little sister (Annie Matthews, La Plata,
Charles County, Md.) had the cow-pox from ■
nation, when only seven years old. She
Buffered terribly, and everything that we tried
did not seem to do any good. Every time her
mother would take her clothes off, every bit
of scab would come with them, and she was
raw all over. A friend told mother about Cv-
TIOURA Remedies, and she got one box of
Ccticura ♦ointment) and a cake of Cuti-
cura Soap, and they cured her in three weeks.
Mrs. Kf.IZA ROVE,
Feb. 23,98. 1219 Fourth St., K. W. Wash. D.C.
BABY BOY'S HUMOR CURED
. When my boy was three weeks old, I noticed
a roughness on his face, and it was very red.
We had several doctors for it, but they did no
good. I was told to try Cuticdra Remedies,
and after using one box and a half of Ccti-
'iiia (ointment) and Ccticura Soap, he it
entirely cured. Mrs. W. (J. LOVE,
-r Feb. 26, '98. 1913 Wilder St., Fhila., Pa.
MILK CRUST ON BABY CURED
When our baby boy was three months old,
he had the milk-crust very badly on his head,
so that all the hair came out and itched "so
bad, he made it bleed by scratching it.' I got
a cake of Citticuba Soap, and a box of Ccti- '
cc-ba (ointment). 1 applied theCl'TlcußAAnd
put a thin cap on his head, and before I'ftad
used half a box it IKK entirely cured, and his
hair commenced to grow out nicely.
Feb.24,'UB. Mrs.H. P. HOLMES, Ashland, Or.
Crocciu RiwrtHES hare effected the moat wonder-
ful euro of torturing, dUfljurinß, humiliating tain and
•ealp humort of Infanta and children, crer recorded. No .
atatement in made regarding them that li not juttifled
by the atrongut evidence. They arc the mott pt*4j,
economical, and infallible akin curea, blood purifiers, «o4
tumor remedies of modern time ■.
Bleep rot SKur-ToHTimED Oabiis aw Rest ram '
Tikid Motbfkh In a warm bath with Ccticfba Soap,
and a alnjlc application of Citiclea [ointment], creauat
of emolhenta and skin cures. .
Thie treatment will fri" instant relief, permit rut for
parent and tleep for child, and point to a speedy, perma-
nent, and economical cure of the most lorturinf, dUflj-
urinj, and humiliating; of itching, burnine. bleeding,
scaly, pimply, and crusted skin and scalp humors wit*
low of hair, when all e!ie fail*.
Sold'thronehonf the world. Form Dbco aub Cm.
Corf., Hole Crops., Boston. ■ • .
a*- " How to Cure Baby's Torturing Eczema," tt—. ,
LANDED FOR A RUBE.
Mike Kelly Met Some Jolly Good Fellows
* and They Finished Him 'With
Knock-Out Drops.
Despoiled of His Money, Jewels and Good Clothes and Left
Like a Tramp on a Park Bench a Prey for
the Police.
GET out. We don't feed tramps,"
and the door was slammed in his
face.
That was a hard blow to Mike
Kelly, the dandy of the turf, the
pride of the Jockeys, and a prince
among horsemen. Then, too, it was
his sister who disowned him.
Kelly told the story of his miseries
to a sympathetic barber while his head
was being swathed in cooling towels.
"I was a Rube," he said. "I came
fresh from the hay fields of Sacra
mento, and the corn tassels stamped
me as a jay. I thought I was wise,
but I am wiser now. Talk about ex
perience. I have had it. When I go
out again I will have a guardian."
M. J. Kelly is one of the best known
horsemen on the Pacific Coast. He
has a good string of horses at his
■stables In Sacramento that he is now
preparing for the circuit meets. His
fellow horsemen class him as a jolly
good fellow, and in Sacramento the
people say there is no better man
living. He came to San Fran
cisco on Thursday to get some of the
Sacramento ennui out of his system,
and as soon as he landed from the
ferry boat -he met a number of East
ern horse sharps, who followed the
races during the season ami as a re-
B'llt they are unable to purchase a
picket to taite them as far as Oak
land, much less the homes on the
other side of the Rockies ■where their
mothers would giv them a square
meal or two thnt might take away the
tastes of the free lunch stews they
have so lone lived on. There were
half a dozen of them, and they wel
comed Kelly as a godsend. Kelly had
known them in a distant sort of a
way while the races were in progress.
None of them he knew well enough
to make bosom companions of, but
they seemed good fellows, and they
piloted him into a saloon. Of course,
Kelly was friendly.
"We had one drink," paid the re
pentant man from beneath the man of
soothing towels, as thf> barber scraped
away at a three days' growth of
stubby beard. "The boys wf-re lolly
ar.d we had another. I noticed that
I had to pay for them even If I did
not give the order. T understood it.
The poor devils were broke, and I felt
LABOR WINS A
BIG VICTORY
Fined for Violating the
Eight-Hour Law.
JUDGE DE HAVEN'S IDEAS
JOHN KELSO AND THE BRIDGE
COMPANY MUST PAY.
Motion for Arrest of Judgment De
nied and the Offenders Mulcted
in the Sum of Two Hun
dred Dollars Each.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday denied the motion for arrest of
Judgment In the cases of the John Kelso
Company and the San Francisco Bridge
Company, convicted a short time ago for
violating the Federal eight-hour law in
the work of excavating the site for the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
sorry for them even though they did
not complain of their hard luck. It
was in the evening when we met, and
In my dazed way now I can count up
to five <lrinks all around. Then we
started to go. I can faintly remember
seeing a lot of tall buildings toppling
over as I got out on the sidewalk, and
then all was a blank.
"Hy the aid of the prison register
I found myself on Friday morning. I
will never forget the feelings I had
while I was coming to. For a while
I thought I was In the great beyond
and that I had gone wrong on the road
and landed below. 1 was lying on a
hard board, and a little yellow light
from a flickering gas jet streamed In
on me. I lay there for a while trying
to think where I was, but gave it up.
After a 'while I managed to sit up on
a rude bench and presently I began to
see the form of a man sitting near
me holding his head in his hands and
moaning:. My eyea began to get ac
customed to the light and my feet
stuck out in a bright streak from the
gas jet that came toward me. Then I
was dar.tii all the more. They were
not my shoes I had on, and for a while
I had 4Houbts about them being my
feet. I moved first one leg. then the
other, and the feet moved with them.
God! it was nwful. The shoe on the
right foot was a brogan that somo
tramp had thrown away. The sole
was gone almost through and my toes
stuck out through a great hole in the
side. It was big enough for me to
get both my feet in. The other
boot was even worse. Half the upper
was gone and a great hole in a dirty
sock 1 had on that foot showed my
bare toes. Then I stood up. It was
the first time I fully realized I -was
not dead. Then I began to experi
ment with myself to see If I was not
dreaming. I sat down, then stood up
again. Then I turned around. I wag
alive and awake, but very shaky. I
had a hat on my head. I took it off
and looked at it. It was a daisy. I
hnd never seen one like it before at
Fiich close inspection. Half the crown
of it was gone and the brim was scol
loped around the edges, and it was
dirty all over. I had never had a hat
that could be made to look like it. I
was puzzled. Then I took a lftok at
my clothes. No tramp was ever so
disreputable as I looked. A pair of
dirty patched overalls fastened about
the waist by a piece of rope and many
Sizes too large for me, and a rusty,
ragged coat that had apparently been
fished from some garbage barrel, made
up my apparel. Some frayed under
clothes and a tattered shift that did
not smell very clean were next to my
skin. Where I eot them I do not
know.
"About the time I got through with
the survey of myself the nan near
me looked up and hunched away from
mo. He was well dressed, and I did
not blame him. He eyed me with dis
gust for a while, then he sank on &
bench and rubbed his head.
" 'Where am I?" I asked.
"He looked at me a moment, then
feebly replied with a moan as he rested
his head in his hands, "in jail.'
" 'In Jail! How long have I been
here?'
"'I don't know.' he replied. 1 have
Just come to myself.'
" 'What day isthis?' I asked, hoping
to solve the mystery.
"'I don't know," be replied. 'It must
be Thursday, or Friday or Saturday.'
"I began to study out the bars of
the cell about that time, and soon
after a trusty came along and with
a rattle of keys opened the cell door .
and placed a couple of chunks of
bread on a bench near us. Then an
other trusty came along and handed
in a couple of tin cups of V tleg
coffee. The man who was with mo
in the cell gulped down the coffee, and
it sizzled as it went down. 'Drink
the coffee,' he said to me. 'It will do
you good.'
"I reached for It but my hand
trembled so I could hardly hold the
cup. I managed to get some of it
down. It made me feel better, and
then I began to wonder how I got
there. My watch— it was a valuable
one— my diamond pin and diamond cuff
buttons were gone. My clothing had
been lost in the shuffle and I did not
have a cent, though I had several hun
dred dollars in my pockets when I
met those 'good fellows' soon after I
arrived with the corn tassels hanging
to me. Those 'good fellows,' I guess,
are now on the way home across the
Rockies to mamma and a square meal
with my money and my clothes and
my diamonds.
"I can't kick. I was a Rube and
an easy game. The 'knock-out' drops
they -put in the good red liquor 1 was
foolish enough to pay for did it all
They Just played me one, two, three,
and I was a sure shot. Where they
took me after they had me fixed with
dope I do not know, but they did their
work well, and they did not leave me
even a sock fit to wear.
"Soon after I got the coffee down in
the cell another trusty came along,
and with a bang opened the door of
the cell.
" 'Tumble out here, you bums,' he
yelled. My companion shuffled out
and I followed him. There were sev
eral old soaks standing alone in a
line and I was put with them Then
a sergeant came along. 'Rrnom bri
gade fall in,' he yelled as he came
toward us. Then he began to call the
roll. Two or three answered 'here' to
their names. 'M. J. Kelly,' bawled the
sergeant. I started to explain, but I
was cut short, 'Answer to your name '
the officer yelled and I feebly replied
with a 'here.' Then a trusty gave
each of us a broom and started us to
work. We worked about an hour
sweeping out the prison, then we were
turned loose.
"It was then that the real trouble
new Government building on the corner
of Seventh and Mission streets.
The court read a lengthy opinion over
ruling the arguments of the defendants
aB to their contention that the law was
unconstitutional, and concluded as fol
lows:
Has Congress the power to prescribe the
terms and conditions under which lubor shall
be performed In the construction of public
works of the United States, and without refer
ence to the fact whether such public works are
or are not upon land over which the national
Government exercises exclusive political juris
diction? I entertain nn doubt of the authority
of Congress in this respect. Public works are
Instrumentalities for the execution of the pow
<ts of government. In the conduction of Its
public works thf United States exercises the
power which belongs to It as a sovereign na
tion, and as a necessary Incident of Its sover
eignty has the right to legislate In reference
to all matters relating to the construction of
such works. Including the number of hours
which shall constitute a day's labor for those
employed in such work. Uws have been
passed limiting the hours for the labor of letter
carriers in any one day and for tho>=e employed
in the navy yards of the fnlted States, and for
all laborers and mechanics employed "by or on
behalf of the Government of the United States,"
and the power of Congress to pass such laws
hjis never been seriously questioned. In my
opinion Congress has the same power to pro
vide that laborers upon public works of the
United States shall not be required or per
mitted to work more than eight hours In one
day, and It may compel obedience to such a
law by providing that its violation shall con
stitute an offense against the United States
and be punished as such.
Nor Is this right of legislation In the least
impaired or affected by the fact that such
public work* may be erected upon lnnd over
which the State retains political Jurisdiction,
as the sovereignty of the State does not ex
tend to matters connected with or Incident to
the construction of public works of the United
States, and Congress. In providing as it has for
the punishment of any contractpr upon such
public works, or any officer of the United
States who should violate the provisions of the
law under consideration, was not legislating
upon a subject which in any manner trenches
commenced. I had the worst, dirti
est and slouchiest togs on that a
human being ever wore. The measli
est tramp that ever was devised would
refuse to wear such clothes. I stood
on the street dazed for a moment. I did
not know where to go. Then I finally
thought of my sister, who lives in the
Western Addition and on one of the
fashionable streets. I did not have
a cent and I had to walk.
[ pulled the hat down over my
fnce and started. I reached the house
i',nd rang the bell. My sister came to
the door.
"I was aßhamed to look at her, and
she only got sight of the disreputable
being in tatters and dirt. I waa a
villainous looking being, and as there
were no men in the house she took
the wisest course when she saw my
rags and said: 'We have nothing for
you,' and slammed the door.
"I know the sight of a tramp at
the door scared her, and as i still
had the hat over my face she did not
have a chance to recognize me. I was
then in an awful nx. I rapped on the
door and whistled to agnin attract
attention. My sister finally opened
an upstairs window and called
to me to know what I wanted.
" 'It's me, Mike, ynur brother, hon
est it is — look at me— and I took off the
rag of a hat BO she could see my face.
"She studied out my features after
a while, and then came down and let
me in.
"I took good care not to sit down
anywhere in the house, and as soon as
1 fould I got the tramp's riothing off
and made a bonfire of them in the
back yard. After a boiling hot bath
I borrowed one of my brother-in-law's
night shirts and then went to
bed, meanwhile telegraphing to my
wife In Sacramento to hurry
to San Francisco with a com
plete outfit of clothing for me. I re
mained in bed until she arrived."
It was early on Thursday evening
when Kelly met the racetrack friends,
but it was about 4 o'clock on Friday
morning when Policeman Hurd found
Kelly lying on a bunch in Union Park
Insensible from the drug that had
been administered to him, and dressed
in a garb that would make a tramp
ashamed of himself. Kelly is at a
loss to know where the men who
robbed him got the ragged suit they
dressed him in, after stripping him or
his natty suit and his jewelry and
money.
upon the reserved powers of the State. The
subject matter of the law Is one which con
cerns only the Government of the United States
and over which It has the right to exercise
supreme and exclusive control, notwithstanding
the fact that the State, for all purposes relat
ing to the government of the State and the ad
ministration of its laws, retains political Juris
diction over the land upon which such public
works may be erected.
This conclusion necessarily results from a
consideration of the fact that under American
constitutional law the national Government and
the States which compose It are clothed with
separate powers of sovereignty over distinct
subjects within their respective spheres of ac
tion, and which powers may therefore be exer
cised by each without coming Into conflict with
the other.
The motion -w-111 be denied.
A ten days' stay was granted at the re
quest of the defendants.
French Dinner 25c.
Orange sherbet or ice cream free. The
Ralston. 783 Market street: •
The Supreme Court
The next session of the State Supreme
Court will be held commencing on Mon
day, August 1. The calendar will be very
short, as the court will only consider
criminal and probate cases and such civil
cases as were filed prior to May 1, 1837,
will be taken up.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. •
Divorce Suit Filed.
Flora Mulkpy filed wait for divorce
from Horace Mulkey yesterday, alleging
desertion as a cause of action.
Ladles' tailor-made suits : latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter. r. 6 & 7.
RAILROAD
INFLUENCE
FOR CAGE
Speculation Concern
ing Corporations.
MAY FAVOR A DARK HORSE
A DESIRE TO DEFEAT BULLA
FOR SENATOR.
Southern Republicans Are Alarmed
at the Way in Which Events
Are Now Being
Shaped.
Republicans in the southern part of
the State are becoming alarmed at the
apparent attempt of the Southern Pa
cific Company and other corporation
influences to cause a split in the party
and thereby rob the South of any of
the prospective fruits of the coming
election.
As far as this part of the State Is
concerned this activity on the part of
the corporations has a significance that
is not well understood, but with the
south it is an assured fact and the
consequences are only too apparent.
Henry T. Gage has been put forward
as a candidate for the gubernatorial
nomination, and during the past week
the radius of his boom has been ex
tended until now the whole State is
being canvassed in a quiet way in his
| interests. Republicans north of the
Tehachapi line are speculating as to
whether this means that Gage is to be
the bona fide candidate of the railroad
interests for the gubernatorial nomi
nation, and on the other side of the
line the politicians are guessing
whether or not the Gage boom will rob
the south of its rightful claim to- the
I next United States Senator.
As to the latter contingency it is very
certain that the corporation influences
will spare no pains to defeat R. N.
Bulla for the Senatorship and to se
cure the election of a man from this
end of the State who will be the cham
! pion of the railroad interests in the
, halls of the national Congress. Should
I the southern delegation gu to the State
| Convention with but one declared ob-
I ject, and that the right to name the
■ man who is to be the next Senator, it
is certain that such a right would be
conceded them. If, however, the del-
egation could be wholly or partially
won over to the cause of Gage and his
candidacy the result desired by the
railroad politicians would be attained.
The north would refuse to recognize
the claims of the south to both the Sen
ator and the Governor, and the nomi
nation of the one md the election of
the other would be given to men from
this end of the State. This would, of
course, give the railroad people a
chance to put men of their own se
lection into the coveted places. This
being so, it Is not surprising that the
corporation hirelings are pushing the
Gage boom with all due diligence. At
thp instigation of Mr. Mills of the Ht
erary bureau the subsidized press of
the southern end of the State have ta
kf>n up the question and are printing
double-leaded editorials, asking why
the south should not be entitled to
both Senator and Governor. They men
tion Gage's candidacy as one of the
proposed stepping stones to southern
supremacy.
The question of whether or not the
corporations are assisting 1 the Gage
boom with any other intention than
that of defeating Bulla for United
States Senator is one that is at this mo
ment receiving the serious considera
tion of the friends of every man in this
end of the State who is a candidate for
the place at the head of the ticket.
Pome ordinarily astute politicians pro
fess to believe that the railroad com
pany has in view a northen man whom
it wishes to put forward as the Repub
lican candidate for Governor. These
same politicians say that General Chip
man is the man of the hour in the cor
poration camp. They point to the fact
that Chipman has considerable
strength In the north and very little in
the south. To correct this defect the
railroad company has put up Gage as
a candidate in the south, with the ex
pectation that he can go before the
convention with at least a portion of
the strength of the southern delega
tion. At the proper moment this
strength could be traded to Ohipman
and the desired result would be at
tained.
General Chlpman has already ac
knowledged his willingness to be se
lected as the Republican nominee for
Governor, and has thus paved the way
for what Is to follow, if. indeed, there
is anything Ui the conclusion of those
who profess to believe that Gage's can
didacy is only a clever political ruse to
throw the general off the real
trend of the railroad company's de
sires.
In connection with present guberna
torial possibilities the attitude of the
Populist party is not uninteresting.
The Cator following, which is the pro
gramme element of the parti- have se
lected T. W. H. Shanahan as their can
didate for Governor. Cator has agreed
to deliver the San Francisco delegation
and Shanahan's nomination is deemed
certain. This condition of things is dis
pleasing to that portion of the -arty
known as "middle-of-the-road Popu
lists," and they threaten to boycott
the convention. They say that the date
of the convention Is too early and that
it was so fixed In order to give the pro
grammers an opportunity to put up a
ticket that can be used for trading
purposes. They claim that Shanahan
is trying to place himself in a nosftion
where he can trade to the Democrats
his nomination for Governor for the
fusion nomination for Lieutenant Gov
ernor.
Since the publication in these col
umns of the fact that Bfagulre's friends
had proposed to George W. Monteith
that he become a candidate for the
Populist nomination for Governor with
the understanding- that in case he se
cured it he would resign his candidacy,
provided the Democrats nominated Ma
gruire. the prominent Populists in the
interior have signified their marked
disapproval of the scheme. Such men
as Taylor Rogers, Daywalt and John
son have frequently been attacked by
Maguire and his friends and they now
propose to retaliate.
Monteith makes the following state
ment in reply to the question as to his
candidacy:
I don't want to be a candidate in any
active sense and will not be. If the con
vention wants to nominate me I will
abide by its action, and If it desires me
to stick to the end I will accept its de
claration in that particular .is absolute
and final and entertain no fusion propo
sition that is not ordered by the conven
tion.
Personally I don't think there will be
any fusion. I think the Populists in
tend to go it alone, and if they do I
think they will poll more votes than the
Democrats will. There are just two
planks that ought to be included in the
State platform— smash the Railroad Com
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLORED AND BLACK
DREjSJABRICS.
ELEGANT GOODS
VERY LOW PRICES.
$4,50 Dress Pattern.
Fancy French Granites, in
New Blues, Grays, Reds,
Navys and Browns.
$6,00 Dress Pattern.
42 -inch French Whip-
cords and Corkscrews,
in all the very latest
shades.
60c. Per Yard.
Black Figured Brilliant-
ines, full 38 inches
wide, in a large variety
of handsome designs.
$9.00 Dress Pattern.
44- inch Black French
Crepons, in a good va-
riety of new styles.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
Our entire stock of Colored and Black
French Etamines and Canvas Cloths
marked down to about half former
prices.
THE ABOVE GOODS ARE ON EXHIBITION IN
OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
mission and direct legislation. On that
platform they can carry the State, for
the people care a deal more about the
railroad ipsup In a State fight than in
any other question before the people. I
shall not turn my hand over to got the
nomination and do not think there is the
slightest probability of my receiving it.
for the simple reason that nominations
don't generally go to those who do not
do something to push their own candi
dacy.
Dr. Pardee has sought to further his
gubernatorial boom by entering into a
combination with Representative Hil
born. The combination is one for mu
tual benefit, it being understood that
Hilborn wishes to be returned to Con
gress. He has a strong rival In Victor
Metcalf, and because of this Pardee's
friends are shaking their heads and de
claring that the doctor has made a bad
bargain. Hilborn has lost a great deal
of his former popularity In the district
and it is not believed that his support
will bring much benefit to Pardee. On
the other hand all of Metcalfs friends
will now knife Pardc-e by way of retali
ation. Pardee denies that he has en
tered into any combination with Hil
born. t
MARYSVILLES BIG FETE.
Nation's Anniversary to be Fittingly
Observed — C. W. Harney's
Account.
"The citizens of Marysvllle are actively
at work preparing a most novel and en
tertaining celebration for the Fourth of
July," said G. W. Harney, a well known
resident of that city yestcrdny.
"All the towns in Northern California
have been invited to join with the Marys
ville people in giving expression to their
patriotism on the great day: the South
ern Pacific Company has agreed to give
special low ratesf and extra accommoda
tions in order that all may have a cnance
to see the greatest celebration ever held
in that portion of the State.
"The celebration will be a representa
tion of the battle of Manila. This will be
given on Ellis Lake, in the northern
suburbs of Marysville. Upon an island
in the lake the forts and land batteries
of Cavite will be erected . There are now
under construction twenty battle-ships
and cruisers, ten to represent the Ameri
can navy and ten the Spanish navy. The
Spanish ships will be drawn up in front
of the forts and batteries, while the
Americans will be located in a cove in the
lake out of sight. When the signal is
given the Americans will sail out and
commence a terrific bombardment of the
Spanish fort and ships, which will result
in their utter and picturesque destruc
tion. .
The Manila fight is for evening enter
tainment. In the morning a patriotic
parade will be given, consisting of floats
representing ships in the American navy,
especially Admiral Dewey'a flagship
Olympia. One of the citizens of Marys
ville, who bears a striking resemblance
to that great naval hero, will be on the
bridge to represent him. A representa
tion of a 13-inch gun and other patriotic
floats will be shown; also a living moving
flag, made up of 100 young ladies in cos
tume. There will be other features.
A grand ball In the new Armory Hall
will wind up the festivities.
The citizens of Marysville are endeavor-
Ing to perfect an arrangement with the
Governor whereby the Northern Califor
nia military companies may be permitted
to assemble at Marysville on the Fourth
and there give their farewell ciress pa
rade before being ordered to Manila. All
the members of the general committee
having charge of the celebration, twenty
five In number, have arranged to dress
up in the costume of Uncle Sam and to
parade at the head of the procession.
The costumes will be brilliant and com
plete and will undoubtedly be considered
a unique feature.
"Another feature that is in the nature
of an advertisement of the city of Marys
ville, in that it is intended to show off the
special advantages for light and power
that Marysville now possesses will be the
erection on the principal street of an im
mense arch. This arch is to be covered
with electric lights arranged in patriotic
designs, such as the waving American
flag, the American eagle, the names of
American army and navy heroes, shields
and emblems. An immense number of
lights will be required and they will
serve to show that Marysville has made
great strides In modern light and power
engineering."
;I 7 CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. i
x k&fl — //nfiplr'pro! t
|A | rmn / lluLKulo! I
! ll w I i solid m < I
,1 1 I taJiy CANE SEAT, 1
I ~£ll2ji WISH BACK— !
x li2iiis!l NEXT WEEK i
I w $1.25 and $2.25 1
<•■> ■ x
! I 4-piece Parlor Suit — mahogany S
%"' finish — silk upholstered — spe- *
% cial next week .... $22.00 %
\I We Cater to " All — Our Stock and I
I Our Figures Prove It. %
j I J. NOON AN, i ►
J. NOON AN,
i 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., <>
X Above Sixth. it
j Phone South 14. - Open Evenings. <►
I ii^Wff^C UU R F? D
n"♦ /XB\^ LJ My Mm* JLJ m
jk /j^\ s% We have hundreds of letters
similar to the following now on
file at our office :
OCCIDENT AXi, Sonoma County, CaL
February 28. 18M.
Dr. Pierce & Son — Gentlemen: I wish to In-
form you ; that the Magnetic Elastic Trues
which I purchased at your office the 6th of last
December CURED ME OF RUPTURE WITH-
!IN TWO MONTHS. lam over 60 years of age.
! : There Is no mistake about the fact that your
i celebrated Truss will positively CURE RUP-
I TURE, and I hereby heartily recommend it to
all ruptured persons. Yours sincerely,
• C. S. COLLINS.
K7"lf you don't want to remain ruptured and
have to wear trusses all your life, you should
call at our office or send 2c. In stamps for our
"Pamphlet No. 1," and learn how to get cured.
Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 MARKET ST.,
• Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Moet &
Chccndon
White Seal (Grande Cuvee) Cham-
pagne now on the market does great
honor to this famous house. — HOTEL
GAZETTE.
— _ .
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
fcWCrwwJM —415*1*
ra&p .-25 i»
r-^lli^VAN VROOWI
£i3I|^!VAN VROOM
l . £lBCtro DBII Parlors ;
•'. itK { lh \ SIXTH AND MARKET
W Q. W. KLEISER. 0. O.S. '
Weekly Gall $1.50 per YearTHE SUNDAY CALL
SAM FRArtCISCO f
JUNE 26 1898 V
ON" Monday, the twentieth of June, the women of the Red Cross met the spirit of West Point.
They called it by various and sundry other names. They called it snobbery, discourtesy, brutality, in
breeding and the bad manners of Captain March.
The Astor Battery landed in San Francisco to find the women of the Red Cross waiting, so to
speak, on the city's wharves, with refreshment: in their hands, garlands at their breasts, blessings on
their lips and in their souls that sweet effusive sentimental enthusiasm which makes woman what she is,
ever adorable in the right place, and more or less of a nuisance out of it.
The commanding officer of the Astor Battery, Captain Peyton C. March, refused their hospitality,
declined their garlands, ignored their enthusiasm. It is said that his manner of doing these three
things was offensive, but of that I cannot be sure, since I have heard six stories about it, and each
one of th^m differs from the other.
It was certain that he was met by the herald of the Cross, a very self-respecting. God-fear
ing, soldier-loving gentleman, who in vited him with all his men to breakfast and banquet at
the sign of the Red Cross.
"My men," said Captain March, "have had breakfast." /
It was explained to him that all soldiers coining and going to war by way of San Fran
cisco breakfasted, lunched or dined with the Red Cross whether they had breakfast
ed, lunched or dined previously or not.
"My men," said Captain March, "are regulars."
It was explained to him that regulars and volunteers yielded alike to the gentle
tyranny of the ministering angels of the army.
"I wish," said Captain March, "to get my men to camp as soon as possible."
And the herald went with drooping plumes to carry the message to the Cmss.
It was heard and scarce believed. Two fair emissaries went'overto the Astor
Battery and pleaded plaintively of the disappointment which waited a refusal.
They found the Commanding officer fl rm.
And when had the men breakfasted? At five o'clock. Poor dears! It
Was now past seven. And what had they breakfasted on? Coffee and hard
tack. La me! But that was poor fare. And when would they have their
lunch? When they got to Camp Merritt. Dear heart! But that was
long walking. And couldn't the Captain, please? And wouldn't he now?
And just an orange apiece, a rose and a cup of coffee? And here
was one of his personal friends' to ask, and here was another to
urge! And so, at last, by coaxing, pleading, teasing, nagging, su
lr.g, begging, an<l praying sore, the women of the Red Cross did
feed a trifling sandwich and a cup of coffee each to the men
of the Astor Battery who sang sweetly to them for the sup
per until they were curtly ordered to fall in by their ir
ritated Captain and marched away up Market street, leaving
their reputations behind them.
They also left twelve men as post guard of equip
ment at the depot, and the deceitful dozen feasted fa
mously behind their Captain's vanishing back and put
away hard-boiled eggs In their pockets.
"I saw them myself," said a Red Cross girl,
"when they thought we were not looking."
Chilled in the glow of kindly impulse, check
ed in an act of courtesy, disappointed in the
pleasures of hospitality, and more than all
the rest, disregarded at the very peak of
popularity, ignored at the summit of im
portance, the Red Cross women took the
Bnub to heart and grieved upon it as
"What! Not feed soldiers? Not
pin flowers to soldiers' breasts?
Not pet soldiers? Not pity sol
diers? All soldiers? Not be
cheered and honored and
praised and sung and
fie<-n?"
Ah! Where Is the
color lied from out the
rod, i-pcl cross ■.
ti'fnes are con;.- to
surh a pass as
this? Who would
sit at home in
the shadow
and sew on
"YOU KNOW YOU ARE CONSIDERED QUITE IMPOSSIBLE."
THE MANNERS
OF
CAPTAIN MARCH
flannel bands and comfort baps, count money, fold garments, ■write and answer letters while braves are passing, flag*
are flying, crowds are cheering?
Only a few work this way for the Army.
And so they talked their sorrows over with the press and what the tongue had spared the pen destroyed. Be*
fore the Astor Battery had its tent ropes stretched over the sands of Camp Merritt, it had not a manner to its name.
It was a company of snobs, a gathering of gilded upstarts, a horde of purse-proud barbarians from the East. The
evening papers reproved them, the morning papers reviled them. And from arm to arm of the Red Cross their
name was spoken in contempt.
"Halt!" said the sentry before the Astor Camp.
He looked much like other sentries on a hot and windy day. He wore no coat, and his army shirt was
white in every fold with little drifts of sand. His face had gathered dust; his eyes winked it away; his
hair was gray with it; his hands were rough and soiled. The red artillery stripe "ran down his legs, a red
kerchief was knotted at his throat. He was of fair height, well made, well browned straight
strong, young. I would not have picked him for a doctor, a lawyer, a Prince, a priest or anything
but a soldier. •
The camp looked much like other camps under good military discipline. Its waste of sand was
raked up clean. No women sat at the tent flaps nor loitered on its field. N'n men crossed it ex
cept men in the uniform of the Battery. No fringe of soldiers and civilians hung to the fence.
It was possible to walk around its four sides, without being winked at, leered upon, spoken to.
or importuned for beefsteaks, cigarettes, whisky or the money to procure the same. This
was the day before the Supervisors closed the streets about Camp Merritt by way of re
trieving the error of ever having left them open.
"No admittance to camp," said the sentry.
"My card, if you please, to Captain March."
"Corporal of the guard— two!"
"By appointment?" asked the corporal
"No."
"I shall have to ask you to wait here."
He passed over the sand to the tent before which floats the Battery's col
ors ~ a *? eld s °arlet with gold cannon crossed. When he plowed back, a long
man in the fatigue dress of a first lieutenant of artillery plowed after
nim. This long man gave me smileless greeting.
"I am Captain March."
He uncovered and stood holding his soft hat in his hand, a tall,
lean, dark, slim-waisted figure against the stretch of sand. His
face is lor.qr, ending in a pointed beard, delicately cut, of good
feature and somewhat somber expression. His eyes are
grave, gray, direct.
"I don't expect you to be cordial," I said, remem
bering certain press comments.
"At le ast I needn't keep you standing outside
the gates," he answered. "Won't you come
in? Will you walk over to my tent? Will
you sit down here or would you rather go
inside?"
"I will go inside, thank you. I don't
think your manners are so bad."
"Don't you?"
"You know they are consid
ered impossible."
•Are they?"
& Continued on >.18
I DON'T believe there is going to be
the boom after the war that every
one is talking about. If the war
goes on for a long time, as I think
- it will, things will be slow readjust
• ing themselves and securities will see a
gradual recovery. If the war should
■ be over in 30 to 60 days there will be a
quick recovery,.
Securities, both industrial and-\rail- c
road, will be affected pretty much c
alike. We are doing no business and
we shall be doing none till the war is "
over. The railroads are handling a*
heavy business, but it is all artificial. •
We are actually doing no business. •
Hundreds of thousands of men are idle. «
We are spending more than a million '
dollars a day on our army — all of it •
the accumulation of the past. We are «
piling up a debt which I believe will be i
the biggest we have ever known. 5
I. believe the country can easily take c
care of a debt of a thousand million. <•
But we don't want to consider that. '
We must issue bonds to take care of *
the cost of the war as the money is «
needed. We could pay cash for the war i
if we wanted to do 50, but it would be 5
too great a burden on the people, so it c
is wiser to issue bonds. '
I do not care to discuss the methods
of placing the bonds. The men at the 5
head of the Government have made a r
study of that matter and they know
what method would be wisest to get •
not only the best financial but the best;
moral result. I believe that the loan
will be popular. c
It would be well to sell the bonds at
par In small quantities to the people, «
To ask a premium for them and put 5
them up for the highest bidder would c
be too much like huckstering at this*
time. It is better that the bonds should
be distributed among the people, for 5
that will give all the people a greater c
interest "in the Government. It is al- "
ways well to havcthe people feel as
though they were partners in the Gov- s
ernment's business, for then they will c
watch its affairs with greater care and c
see that Its administration is better. •
They will be more willing to help it
along, too, if it needs their assistance
in the future. That has always been
my policy in business, and I have never
lost anything by that is, I have 1
made as much as I have lost. $
I think it would be good policy, too, j
to have the people take Government ■
securities in times of peace. England,"
you- know, has a permanent debt and it - t
might be well if the Government of the <
United States had bonds in the hands c
of the people at all times. I was very «
much pleased with Chamberlain's <
speech on the subject of England and j
Am be~lie"ve in an Anglo-American alii- !
ance As Chamberlain said, blood is
thicker than water. We want to-be on<
tSSSSy terms with all nations but we
can trust England and some of the
others we can't trust. I see Chauncey,
Depew was reported to have said in
• France that an alliance was impossl
\ Se and that we wanted France for our
' friend. I hope he didn't say it. 1 am ,
a friend of Mr. Depew sincerely, but if ,
[ he said anything like that I must be
WAR AS AN INVESTMENT.
lieve him wrong. We can't trust the
French people. A few of them, like
Lafayette, were patriots, but most of
them you have got to keep under your
eye. They are a fickle people. But the
English you know all about. They are
our natural friends and allies and we
can trust them.
If there is ever a need of it I believe
there should be an offensive and de
fensive alliance with Great Britain.
England and America together can
control the world. I tell you the money
power rules. Napoleon said, "It is the
last sovereign that wins the battle."
He knew. Here we are, a great rich
nation of 74,000,000 people. England
controls fifteen hundred millions. She
controls them through her great wealth.
A combination of the two powers would
be invincible and I believe it is coming.
I tell you the money power rules this
continent. On Wall street is the power
that controls the United States^ The
people of this country cannot do any
thing without coming to Wall street for
the capital. In the same way London
rules the empire of Great Britain. Rus
sia is rich, hut nothing like the com
bination of England and America. I
GREAT FORTUNES MADE IN WAR.
j
5 "T TT TE are accustomed to regard
5 \ l\ I war as the exclusive oppor
5 1/ \ / tunity for the soldier, but it
5 X. JL nas made fortunes as well as
$v reputations; the struggle for
5 victory at the front has had
t Its parallel in the equally fierce struggle
, for wealth on the stock exchange.
\ It was Waterloo that made secure the
I fame of Wellington as a soldier. It was
> Waterloo that made secure also the
' financial dynasty of the Rothschilds.
5 Shrewd old Nathan Rothschild had
5 waited for Napoleon's downfall, firm
5 in the faith that it must sooner or later
5 come. His agents had followed the Cor
• sican in his various campaigns that he
» might have the first news of his over
, throw, and during the days immediate
, ly preceding Waterloo he himself was
? in the British army. Indeed, he kept so
' close to the commander-in-chief that
' the "Iron Duke," not knowing him, fan
5 cied he must be either a spy or possible
' assassin, and threatened to hang him
5 if he again appeared near headquarters.
5 The day of the great - battle ; Roths
* child from his horse on the hill of
1 Hougoumont watched the struggle of
, the nations, and when at last he saw
, that the French army wwas..inn n retreat,
• posted off to Brussels as fast as '■ his
' horse could carry him, whence a
5 carriage in waiting conveyed him to;
5 Ostend. There he found a storm raging
• on the channel and the sailors fearful
, to cross. But he knew neither fear nor
1 danger when he saw the glint of gold.
* He offered first six, then eight hundred
5 francs to be taken to the English coast.
» At last upon his offering twenty-five
, hundred francs a fisherman having
3 greater courage or greater cupidity
• than his fellows undertook the danger
» ous task. Before nightfall Rothschild
, had landed at Dover, and without wait
' ing for a moment's rest was on his way
5 to London. On the 20th of June he ap
• peared at the Stock Exchange. He told
• his friends in confidence, of course, that
J Bluchers army had been utterly de
• stroyed by Napoleon at Ligny on the
5 16th and 17th and that as a result of
» this defeat there could be no hope for
, Wellington. His whisperings poisoned
" the public faith on every . side. The
0 funds went tumbling into '• the -bottom
5 pit of commercial panic, while private
•
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 2G, 1898.
tell you it would be invincible. And it
is coming.
I have had private advices all the
time from the other side, and the peo
ple of England are anxious for it. So
are the people of this country. The
Irish will not amount to anything when
the matter comes to be arranged.
When they have been here awhile they
are Americans and they are for the
stars and stripes. I have two or three
Irish servants at my house and they
look down on their poor relatives who
are just over from Ireland.
In case of an Anglo-American alli
ance the old rule of trade will prevail
—buy where you can buy cheapest and
sell where you can sell dearest. It
would undoubtedly broaden trade op
portunities all over the world. But
whether it would mean free trade or not
would depend entirely on the way free
trade would affect our interests. If we
thought we would prosper more under
free trade with Great Britain, of course
we would adopt it. "But so far the
policy of protection has proved more
profitable to us. The future of this
country lies in the development of its
industrial interests ard in the educa
and public credit ceased to exist.
As stocks and bonds went down
Rothschild bought all the consols, bills
and notes he could raise the money to
pay for. Then he w ited sc -re in his
knowledge of the reaction tha* would
follow the news from Waterloo. On
the 2 M of June this news reached Lon
don. Values went up more rapidly
than they had previously gone down
and shrewd old Nathan Rothschild
counted as his some six millions more
of gold.
Of all the great fortunes of America
the one most distinctly and legitimate
ly a war fortune is that of the Dv
Fonts, who for almost a century have
controlled the manufacture of gun
powder in the United States.
In 1802 Ebenthen Treme Dv Pont, a
French refugee, established himself in
Delaware, where he commenced in a
small way the manufacture of explo
sives. The war of 1812 and the Mexi
can war did much for the industry
which his descendants carried on. In
every generation one or more members
of the family have paid for the family
riches with their lives through ex
plosions in the mills, for the Dv Ponts
must be their own chemists and super
intendents and mechanics. The price
less secrets of their craft pass from
father to son. During the civil war
their contract with the Government
involved millions of dollars, and the
present war with Spain, when me .cost
of firing a single projectile is enorm
ous, will add greatly to their wealth,
which is estimated to exceed one hun
dred millions.
The first effect of the war was to
paralyze trade of every sort, the next
was to stimulate it. The speculative
fever broke out in 1562. Men- speculated
in all the food products, in coal, iron,
dry goods and gold. Very few of these
pureiy speculative fortunes were last
in<~ however. They were made and lost
almost in a day. One of the most in
teresting phases of this war-time
speculation were the operations in gold
which were first conductel in a dirty
and dingy news stall called "Gilpin's
rooms," at the corner of William street
and Exchange Place, New York city.
In two or three months it became the
center of the gold business of the
United States. During the war, when
gold reached 255, the trade amounted to
millions a day and immense fortunes
were suddenly made, the majority of
which were as suddenly lost in March
of 1883, when gold fell seventy-four
points. Many of these deals were
tion of our people to a better state of
living than the people of other coun
tries and a greater self-respect.
England is a greater money power
than the United States, and she might
try to dominate the United States in
case of an alliance based on money,
but I think we are Yankees enough to
drive a good bargain and to take care
of our own interests.
I do not think it unwise to agitate
the question of an alliance, as some
public men have suggested. We are a
courageous people and we don't hesi
tate to speak our minds. I don't believe
much in diplomacy.
I think we ought to hold the Philip
pines and Porto Rico until Spain pays
back what we have spent on this war.
If there is any question about the de
tails of the settlement we ought to call
in the powers and let them deter
mine it.
It is possible we may want to keep
the Philippines if the war is prolonged,
as I believe it will be. If we take pos
session now and establish a government
there we may not want to relinquish
it. But I believe that if the war ends
soon we should merely hold the islands
fraudulent. Edward B. Ketchum's
operations, which were estimated to
have yielded him a profit of over one
million of dollars in less than a year's
time, were of this nature, but their
boldness compels a sort of admiration
by reason of his youth — he was only
25 years of age.
The speculation in gold culminated
in 1569 in widespread ruin. This was
on what is known as Black Friday,
when Jay Gould and Jim Fisk tried
to force it up to two hundred.
Fisk had entered into the venture
on Gould's assurance that President
Grant's brother-in-law, General Por
ter, his private secretary, and Butter
field, the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, were to have an interest in
the speculation. Ftsk was aware that
together they could buy all the gold in
New York city, but he feared the hun
dred million in the sub-Treasury, for he
knew an offer from the Government to
sell any part of that would mean their
ruin, as he said: "Our phantom gold
can't stand the real stuff." However,
when he was told that corruption was
to play a part in the speculation, he felt
at home and safe. They prepared for
the struggle by buying the Fifth Na
tional Bank of New York.
On the 23d of September, the day be
fore the bubble broke, Gould and Fisk
had about three hundred thousand dol
lars on deposit there, but their checks
were certified to the amount of eight
millions.
The Government meantime had been
informed of the action of the bank, and
three examiners were sent to New York
to take possession. This was on Fri
day morning; but they permitted the
bank to transact its regular business,
though no mo~e checks were certified
which were not covered by a deposit.
On Wednesday the price of gold had
been 140 H. a rise of 5 cents. This
would have - iven a profit of five mill
ions of dollars to the conspirators had
they chosen to sell, but they held and
Thursday gold reached 150. On Friday
morning it climbed to 160 — and then at
the critical moment came the news
that the Government had opened the
vaults of the sub-Treasury. Instantly
there was a panic: with hardly a rally
gold fell to 133. There was none taken
at any price. "The real stuff" crushed
the corner in a twinkling of an eye.
The report made by the committee of
investigation showed that there were
only fifteen millions of gold certificates
in New York city at the time, yet the
clearings for Thursday were three
as security for a war indemnity or sell
them to some other power. Cuba we
don't want. But when we have driven
THE JVtfI.N.NERS OF CJiPTJIIJSI JAJJROH.
BY ALICE RIX.
Continued from Page Seventeen. ,
■
"Why, yes.. About the Red Cross
breakfast, you know. Haven't you
read about it? The papers have been
full of it."
"Have they?"
"Of course there are two sides to all
tales." \
"Are there?" - • '•?.'-?■/'■
"And I dare say people would be
rather interested, to hear yours?"
"Would they?"
"And I should be charmed to write
it."
"Would you?" : .
"Above all things I love justice!"
"Do you?"
"And you see I was not there at the
fateful moment."
"Weren't you?" . .
"And so I didn't see for myself."
to to «C to to »O to to to to to to to to to to •<->
hundred anyl twenty-five millions, and
those of Friday would have reached a
cool half billion, if they could ever
have been made.
Fortunes have been made by the
manipulation of war loans; at the be
ginning of the rebellion the national
bond issue, and the stability of the
Government, which made the bonds of
value, were both regarded with doubt.
The loan could not be negotiated
abroad owing to England's secret but
bitter hostility to the North, and to the
mistrust of the Rothschilds. The late
Jay Cooke, a Western banker, under
took the sale of these bonds; he placed
the original 5.20 loan of five hundred
and thirteen millions — as well as sub
sequent loans, which in the aggregate
amounted to over one billion of dollars.
This is said to have been one of the
most remarkable achievements in the
history of the world's finances. His
profits from the undertaking ran up
into the millions, but it was a service
of paramount importance to the United
States.
The placing of the internal revenue
tax — a war measure to increase the in
come of the Government — was not
without its opportunity for aggrandize
ment. Certain grave Senators are said
to have made comfortable fortunes by
peddling what were known as "whisky
tips." These tips — the standard p^-ice
for which seems to have been about
ten thousand dollars — were eagerly
sought by speculators who bought and
stored large quantities of whisky,
knowing it would advance in price the
moment the tax was placed upon it.
One year prior to the war cotton sold
at U% cents a pound in the markets of
the world; two years later it was sell
ing- at 24% cents, this rise, and those
which followed, forcing it up to 65
cents, and affecting the price of all dry
goods.
Having foreseen the ci edition that
war would necessarily create in the
South, A. T. Stewart, New York's great
dry goods merchant, had bought and
stored millions of yards of cotton goods
of all descriptions. In a single year
from this source he realized four mil
lion dollars.
Devlin & Co. of New York, a great
war-time firm of clothiers, profited in
a somewhat similar way. When it was
seen that war was imminent they pur
chased all the cloth they could find in
the market suitable for uniforms, and
not even waiting for the call for troops
began the manufacture of overcoats
and army clothes. They had seventy
Spain out of the island Congress snouia
guarantee Cuban bonds to the amount
needed to establish the republic.
, i
. "Didn't you?"
"And I have'h't really formed an
opinion."
"Haven't you?"
"Of course the Red Cross is a society
of women, and women are apt to take
a sentimental view of things."
"Yes?"
"They may not have understood your
point of view."
"No?"
"It was a new one, you know."
"Yes?"
"And they were not prepared for it."
"No?"
" * * • • • !"
,"*..** * * V
"Well!"
"Well?"
"So you absolutely won't?"
*-> to •£> to to to to to to to to to to 90 t# to to 2!
five thousand of these packed and
ready for shipment when the Presi
dent's call for men came, and these
uniforms were worn by the first troops
that marched to the front. It was dur
ing the first year of the war that the
word "shoddy" came into use. It was
applied to the worthless garments fur
nished the Government by dishonest
contractors, but after the first year the
giving out of contracts was so well
managed that frauds of this sort be
came well nigh impossible.
It was the rise in the price of cotton
that made blockade running profitable
to English ship owners. The cargoes
were sent out to Bermuda or Nassau
and there transferred to the fast
steamers that were to make the haz
ardous run to some Confederate port.
The profits were so great that a single
successful run would more than pay
for the best steamer afloat and meet
the expenses of the voyage into the
bargain. How it flourished and what
inducements it had to flourish may be
judged from the fact that during the
war the blockading fleet took or de
stroyed more than seven hundred ves
sels engaged in the trade.
It has been said that the purchase of
arms added greatly to the private
means of certain officials. The works
at Springfield, where the army muskets
were made, were unable to meet the
sudden demand, and aeents were sent
abroad to buy rifles from various Eu
ropean po=vnßts. The aggregate cost of
these muskets exceeded two million
dollars. They were in every way in
ferior to those made at home, and it
was asserted that they were guns
which had been condemned by the
Governments from which they were
purchased.
The moneyed return in war times is
not always in proportion to the actual
value of the service rendered, indeed,
it would seem that the man who stays
quietly at home and allows his neigh
bor to go to the front and do the fight
ing has every chance of becoming a
rich man, while the soldier can only
hope for fame — or a pension.
Perhaps there ia no better illustra
tion of this seeming unfairness than
that offered in the case of Captain
John Ericsson, who invented and built
the famous Monitor which defeated
the Merrimac in Hampton Roads and
forever stayed the rising wave of Con
federate success. He probably received
less from the tovernraent than did
many of the contractors who supplied
caps and shoes for the army.
"Oh, if you don't mind I'd rather
not."
These wars are new. Woman has not
yet found her place in them. If the
Government had not interfered she
would have gone to Manila to nurse
the wounded, to die of fever, to chafe
the man in action, to sadden the man
at ease.
Barred from the field of war she has
cluttered the field of peace. Her pres
ence in the camp has made ducks and
drakes of military discipline. Her pies
and cakes have wrought havoc with
military digestion. Her attentions have
turned the unaccustomed heads of fool
ish youth from big farms and little
towns. Her moneys have been squan
dered in dissipations.
And so sweetly, so generously, so en
tirely, so innocently has she given her
self, heart and soul, to this work of
blessed interference and so much
practical good has gone hand in hand 1
with the evil she has wrought, that
here in her own city, where the nation
has gone into camp, none has had the
heart to turn her out, to spoil her cup
of sweets with one drop of sour; few
5 have had the courage to tell her the
5 truth about herself, to say: "Go home,
( my dear, and do your good work there;
•send the fruits of your labors — your
> hats and hoods, your bands and bags,
5 your moneys and many other blessings
5 — to official hands for impartial distri
t bution. There is nothing that you can
, do in the field that men cannot do bet
ter. Your presence is tolerated not
5 desired in the army. You are sweet,
5 you are good, you are devoted, you are
• noble, you are infinitely dear — but you
' are terribly in the way."
> Out of the colder East the blow fell
5 smartly on nerves all unprepared.
5 The Astor Battery had traveled com
fortably across the continent with
' well-filled grips, besides their haver
5 sacks, with the equipment of gentle
» men as well as soldiers. They were not
• travel-worn nor travel-soiled. They
hungered not, neither did they thirst.
' They were not cold. They were not
5 weary. They were not despondent.
> Their Captain was not sentimental.
| The men were picked from college
3 teams, from the diamond and the
5 gridiron, tested for physical strength
(,and that power of endurance
, which counts in mountain ar
3 tillery service — the hardest ser
5 vice in the army — the service of moun
» tain cannon and Government mule.
, Some of them have seen this service
5 with the British and American armies;
5 some of them are going to it for the
5 first time; all are presumably good
, men despite the reported wealth which
3 has been hung upon them like a curse;
5 none iB yet a proven hero. Their
5 Captain, 4 West Pointer and a rigid
, disciplinarian — chosen by a rich man
\ who might have had his pick of men j
» for the position, because of his fitness
! for it — saw in the occasion of landing
i his Battery in San F'ranrisco to wait a
, summons to the front no occasion for
' feasting and for flowers. He knew
! perhaps as little of the etiquette of the
; Red Cross Society of San Francisco as
, the Red Cross Society of anywhere
' knows of the discipline of West Point.
! His intention was to get his men
> ashore, up street and into camp as
, quickly as possible. A social function
1 at the ferry was not included in his
! plans.
> It is not, I believe, included in
, the plans controlling any military
1 movements. It is, I should venture to
! say, directly opposed to military usual
; Ities. When officers of the regular
, army have paused their troops en route
| to break bread with the women of the
! Red Cross, the courtesy has been mv
: tual.
When it was extended to the Astor
Battery Captain March chose to de
cline it.
Had the matter ended there, as invi
tations usually end, with acceptance or
regrets, this story need never have
been written. ALICE RIX.BURSTING SHELLS SPREAD TERROR IN SAN JUAN.
Graphic account of the bombardment as seen
in the city by Captain Spray, who
ran the blockade and reached the
Spanish fleet in the harbor*
By R- J- Elliott, Special War Correspondent of The Call.
SPEAKING of the scenes In the city of San Juan during the terrors of the
bombardment, Captain Spray said: "I never saw such a scared lot of
people In my life. Every one was terror stricken. They rushed from
their stores, leaving them unattended and in many instances wide open;
never stopping to close a door, much less to lock it. Women and children
in all stages of deshabille ran screaming from their houses. The streets
were crowded with panic stricken men and women, all intent upon reaching a
point of safety in the hills beyond the town. Shells shrieked over their heads
and buildings came crashing clown, while the shouts of the fleeing populace
drowned the calls for help from the wounded. Even thieves forgot to ply their
vocation and stores were as safe that day with all their valuables exposed as
they would be under lock and key and under guard. The only thought was to
escape from the range of Sampson's guns. Horses and trucks and the few
hacks and volantes of the city were pressed into service by the wealthy, who
paid any price if the drivers would only make good time. Some hackmen re
fused to let their teams at any price, choosing rather to convey their own
families to a place of safety.
"The narrow streets of San Juan were crowded as they had never been be
fore. Teamsters and a struggling, shouting mass of humanity disputed the
right of way in their mad rush for safety. Many rushed to the churches and
within a few minutes after the bombardment began every church was full to
overflowing. Men and women hustled one against the other In their eagerness
to kneel as near the altar as possible. In some churches the mass was being
offered, but the priests cut it short and advised the people that as the stately
churches might be good targets for the American gunners it might be safe to
seek less conspicuous points. A few of the more faithful remained imploring
the saints and the Virgin Mary to protect them.
"The entire populace thought that the city was being purposely bombarded.
As a matter of fact, however, it was not the intention of Sampson's gunners to
reach the town. Their rain of shell was directed against Morro and the
sand batteries beyond. There was a rough sea on and many of the guns were
fired on the up rull of the ships, giving the guns just the elevation to throw
the projections over the Morro and the batteries and into the city."
It is generally supposed that the shells from Sampson's fleet wrought sad
havoc with the sand batteries and Morro fortifications at San Juan, but Cap
tain Spray tells a different story. In all forty-one shots were fired at the
Morro stronghold, and according to Captain Spray not one did serious damage
to the fortifications. This statement is also supported by the first and second
officers of the Roath. They claim that the damage was all done at the bar
racks back of the sand batteries where several hundred Spanish soldiers were
killed and wounded and the barracks demolished and in the city proper, where
nearly every building suffered more or less. He says:
"As I had landed coal for Cervera's fleet I was regarded somewhat in the
light of a hero and was allowed to so wherever I wished. I took a trip over to
the Morro along with my first officer and others from the ship and they can
verify what I say. The Morro was scarcely injured. It was hit by but few
shells and these buried right into the rotten masonry without exploding. The
old fortifications were in such a condition that a few exploding shells would
have made sad havoc, in fact, quite demolished the Morro. The Spaniards
have, however, made active preparations fn r a second attack by protecting the
masonry bo far as possible by embankments. Over at the sand batteries more
shells struck, but only one or two exploded. They burrowed into the soft sand
and stuck there, not receiving a sufficient impact to explode them.
•■Just back of the sand batteries are the barracks and here the shells did
their work in good shape. Judging from the demolished condition of the build-
'THE PEOPLE FLED FROM THE HOUSES IN TERROR WHEN THEY REALIZED THOT THE SHELLS FROM THE AMERICAN VESSELS WERE FALLING INTO THE CITY."
Ings and the number of wounded every shell must have exploded the moment
it struck. In many instances the shells went through the windows and open
doors and striking on the hard earth floor exploded doing fearful damage.
Over three hundred Spanish soldiers were wounded and nearly every one of them
got their wounds at the barracks. Of all the buildings not one remained intact
after the bombardment.
'< iver in the city proper where any number of shells fell serious damage was
done. One shell alone killed four persons and wounded more or less seriously
about twenty people. It overturned a volante and broke the arm of one of the
occupant.", while the frightened horses ran up the streets knocking down scores
of people before they were stopped. This was in San Justo street, which at
the moment was crowded with people fleeing for their lives and shouting, some
from terror and others calling to friends at the windows above to join in the
rush to the hills. A shell struck a building sending down a shower of brick
and plastering, glanced and struck a store sign and fell to the street below,
where it exploded.
"' toe rhell pierced the roof of a church and passed on out of the big arched
door to the yard beyond, where it exploded, making sad havoc of the cement
wall of the church. This incident was regarded as one of the miracles of the
bombardment. The church was crowded with people at mass and had not the
Fhell been diverted in its course would have fallen in the midst of the con
gregation, or had it gone a few feet to the right or left it would have struck the
solid wall Instead of passing out at the door.
"The people of San Juan are very wroth that proper notice of the bombard
ment was not served, as such would have saved the needless slaughter of in
r.ocent women and children. When the bombardment began the entire popu
lace took to the housetops and 'balcon' to witness the sight, as they supposed
the fire was to be directed against the forts alone. Soon a shell came scream
ing over the fort high in the air and fell near the center of the city. Another
followed and in two minutes there was a panic in the city. Every one took it
for granted that the Americans intended to destroy the city whether or not they
silenced the forts. After it was all over it then dawned upon the terror
stricken people that the shewing of the town was due solely to bad marksman
ship rather than design.
"The people of San Juan are daily expecting a renewal of hostilities and
:' "I venture to predict that the successful side will be that
J on which the admirals and captains do not hesitate to employ *;*
the ships and boats in the way that leads most surely to the dis- 1 ?
1' ablement of their opponents, without being unduly deterred by ;
. sentiment or by risks."— COMMANDER R. H. BACON, R. N. "*'
<e> ♦
4> <a><J>4,<s><S><t><?><«><^<3><S>3 > <i > S >< 8> < S>4>'3> $>•$> < £ < S >< 9 > <?><^ < S><s>s><«><j><3>3><J><3><3><3><3 > <£
THE second naval war within five
yean is upon us. Once more the
inn chines which the Ingenuity of
man has invented for the pur
pose of destroying man are to be
tested in action— are actually beingtest
ed while these lines are in the writing.
And not the machines only, but also the
men who handle them. The Latin and
the Anglo-Saxon, so often in conflict in
the past, are meeting once more In bat
tle; and issues the most momentous
hang upon the conduct of the combat
ants. The war between the United
States and Spain is a copy on a very
reduced scale and with some Blight
modifications of a war between Eng
land and France. It is not my purpose 1
In this article to work out a detailed
comparison; I can only suggest it. The
great British superiority in battle-ships
and unarmored cruisers as against
France is faithfully reproduced in the
American navy as against Spain. The
great French advantage in armored
cruisers finds Its parallel in the Spanish
navy. Even in torpedo craft the nu
merical equality which exists between
England and France is repeated with
some correctness In the two combatant
Thus all conditions are favorable to a
trial of our race; upon the conduct of
Admiral Sampson and Commodore
Schley's officers and bluejackets de
pends not merely the honor of the Unit
ed States but the very existence of the
British empire. If the men who are
hourly expecting battle in the Carib
bean falter, if they show any want of
courage or sailorship— which God for
bid—then let us be certain that an at
tack will be delivered upon England by
her enemies, who will conclude, and
not unjustly, that the military quali
ties of the Anglo-Saxon have declined
under the depressing burden of civili
zation. And as this is the greatest
problem to be settled in the war,' so we
shall hope and pray that our race may
emerge with glory from the test.
In yet another curious respect the cir
cumstances of a war between England
and Prance are represented. England,
like the United States*mans her navy
by voluntary enlistment, and has an
exceedingly small trained reserve.
France, like Spain, employs compulsory
service, and has a large reserve. But
here an element of difference comes
in, for whereas the English peace-serv
ice force far outnumbers the French,
the American — without any real re
serve — is greatly outnumbered by *ha
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
4t» t EW ORLEANS, June 22. — Captain Spray of the British steamship Boath brings the very first accounts-f
**" l\l of ihe condition of affairs in the Spanish cities during a bombardment. American ships have patrolled^
+ I \& the Cuban coast, blockading Havana and other ports, and the forts at Matanzas, Cienfuegos, Santiago**"
♦■ -*- ' de Cuba and Guantanamo in Cuba have ail been under the fire of American guns; so has San Juan in +
Porto Rico. Captain Spray with his ship was in the harbor while the siege lasted. According to his accounts
inhabitants were terror-stricken. He has also tried his hand at blockade-running, which in fact is the^_
+ chief cause of his being in New Orleans to-day. On April 22, the day on which war was declared, Captain^.
+Spray left Cardiff, Wales, with a cargo of 3320 tons of coal for Admiral Cervera's ships. On the same day+
+ sailed the Rothermel, a sister ship to the Roath, with a like amount of coal and for the same destination. The+
+ Rothermel ran right into the American fleet, and the coal intended for Cervera was promptly confiscated and"*"
■*" found its way to American bunkers. The Roath was more fortunate in dodging our ships and reached
Porto Rico and unloaded. She was in port over two weeks. Captain Spray and several of his men were on,
shore the afternoon and evening £.fter the bombardment and made frequent excursions around the bay dur-^.
+ ing their stay. *
NAVAL PROBLEMS TO BE SOLVED
IN THE PRESENT WAR.
"The Latin and the Anglo-Saxon Race, So Often in Conflict in the Past, Are Meeting Once
Mores' in Battle, and Issues the Most Momentous hang Upon the Conduct of the Combatants."
Spanish. There has been much debate
as to the use of untrained men in naval
wars. Great light on this most burning
question should be afforded by the
present struggle, for one-fourth or so of
the men who take the American fleets
to sea must be untrained.
It is not that the untrained man is
necessarily a coward — though disci
pline is a tremendous force to give
courage. But he is not enough of a
machine; he has not learned to repeat
the movements, we will say of the
breech-lever, automatically under the
stress of novel and terrible experiences.
A well-trained sun crew will hold *o-
K'-ther, as the history of our navy
shows, till the men are shot to pulp or
the ship is sunk. But where there are
only one or two trained men in the de
tachment, and these are killed early, as
they may always be, the untrained man
does not know his work and is apt to
be seized with panic. More happens in
naval battles than gets into the books.
At times we catch a dim glimpse,
through the smoke and heat of action,
of miserable fugitives hiding in the
hold, and only driven to the guns by
the flat of the officers' swords.
But it is, after all, upon the construc
tion and value of our war ma
chines that we expect most light
to be shed. Naval science has
been revolutionized since Lissa and
tl^e Civil War; and even then
tl»?*"e were no purely naval actions
worth studying. In the China-Japan
war the conditions were unfavorable
for any striking deductions, as the Jap
anese against the Chinaman was much
M a man against a child in arms, rind
neither side possessed powerful modern
armored ships.
The warship of our own day, be she
battle-ship, monitor, cruiser, or torpe
do boat, is an experimental craft. She
has not had to undergo the prolonged
and severe practical tests which re
moved "freak ships" from our line-o*
battle or navy list in the old three
decker days. The . progress of naval
science during the last fifty years has
been so rapid that the experience ac
quired with one kind of ship in one war
becomes useless in the next, because
the kind of ship has changed. By "ex
perience," I should say, I mean experi
ence in regard to details of construc
tion ar.d tactics. not in regard
strategy, which are
unchanged and un
changing.
The first great
problem to be de
cided is the value
of the battle-ship
"The battle-Bhip as a leading factor in warfare is already <j>
doomed."— ADMIRAL COLOMB. •-
against the armored cruiser and of the
large armored against the large unar
mored ship. If put less technically, the
question is this — which is the more val
uable factor, speed, or armor combined
with heavy guns? The battle-ship is
a huge structure, thickly plated with
steel on her most vital parts, carrying
immense guns in heavily armored tur
rets, but is usually of comparatively
low speed. The armored cruiser, on the
other hand, has much less annor — both
in area covered and in thickness of
plating on that area; her heavy guns
are fewer in number and weaker in
power, though in her quick-firing ar
mament she is generally much the
same as the battle-ship. As compensa
tion for these points of weakness she
has a speed of from three to five knots
greater than the battle-ship.
The want of heavy guns in the ar
mored cruiser is not quite so serious as
it might seem. It is perfectly possible
that the battle-ship's monster pieces,
with their ponderous turrets, moved by
hydraulic or electric power, will at an
early stage in the action be disabled.
Hydraulic and electric machinery is
notoriously delicate, and is deranged
with the utmost ease. It is rare for a
battle-ship to go to target practice with
her heavy guns without some slight
hitch occurring. What it would be
when the enemy were tiring at her,
when her pipes and wires were expos
ed, not merely to the concussion and
shock of her own heavy weapons, but
also to the far more dangerous explo
sion of the enemy's projectiles inside
her hull, may be guessed. And though
every precaution which human fore
sight can suggest has been taken to
protect these pipes and wires and the
machinery they work, it is far from
certain that any armor or any protec
tion can secure them against the tre
mendous shock caused by the huge pro
jectiles of modern guns. The Spanish
51-inch breech-loader, as mounted in
several of Spain's armored cruisers,
strikes with a force sufficient to lift
the Indiana two and a half feet in the
air.
At the Yalu there were several break
downs of heavy guns in action, though
there the shooting on either side was
bad and the test was not so severe as
it might be expected to be in a battle
between three or four American battle
ships and the Spanish armored cruisers.
At the bombardment of Alexandria the
firing of the heavy English guns was
intolerably slow — due probably to the
great difficulty of working them in the
face of constant small accidents. And
quite lately, when a charge of powder
prematurely exploded in the turret of
the Russian Sissoi Veliki, it is signifi
cant that the turret was hopelessly
jammed and the turning machinery
disabled, so that half the ship's heavy
armament was put out of action.
Nor can the problem be solved by
peaceable practice from the large ship
at targets, representing torpedo boats,
towed toVard her. We might thus
learn the number of hits her gunners
would make on a boat, if they were
perfectly cool; but there would be no
allowance for the strain caused by the
knowledge of the fact that if they did
not hit the boat before she closed them,
she would send them to the bottom.
Actual war alone can determine the
precise value of the torpedo boat.
The ram has been so entirely discred
ited since the torpedo was perfected
that there is but little prospect of its
being employed. The United States,
however, has one specially" built ram,
the Katahdin, whose performances will
be watched with interest. It is not to
be expected that she will startle the
world. She is a survival of the ideas of
the Civil War, when ramming was a
recognized part of naval tactics. Now
adays a captain would not risk injuring
his ship's bows, but would use his bow
torpedo, which would do the work of
the ram most effectively. The Ameri
cans have other novel weapons — among
these the pneumatic guns, projectors
of aerial torpedoes — more may be ex
pected.
Another matter on which we badly
need information is the practicability
of maintaining a blockade with the
modern engines of naval war. To make
the test thoroughly satisfactory, there
should be torpedo boats in the block
aded port. This condition is wanting
at Havana, and therefore Admiral
Sampson's task has been, up to the time
at which I write, comparatively simple.
His officers and crews have not been
subjected to the cruel moral and phys
ical strain which the possibility of tor
pedo boat attacks imposes. Nor have
they had constantly to look out for the
soiling of a hostile squadron
inside Havana, almost equal in
force to them
selves. This was the
striking feature of
our blockades of
the Fre. h ports
In the great strug
gle with Napoleon.
Was taken for an American and came near
losing his life till the mob learned
that he had brought coal to their
vessels*
they have made active preparations for it. Repairs have been made and new.
embankments thrown up and several modern guns that had but recently ar
rived are now mounted. Judging from what I saw San Juan to-day is stronger
than it was before the bombardment."
The other officers of the Roath coincide with Captain Spray's statement.
One of them said last night: "With the repairs that have been made, additional
batteries and new guns, San Juan is well fortified, but, of course, not impreg
nable. The army of 8000 men has been more than doubled, while the 3000 volun
teers are being drilled daily. One advantage in an invasion of Porto Rico ia
that the coast line is such that a United States expedition could be landed any
where along the coast, as there are plenty of good harbors. Guanica offers par
ticularly favorable advantages. It is the best harbor in Porto Rico, unguarded
and it lies west of Ponce and south of San Juan. There is an excellent carriage
road all the way from San Guanica into San Juan, and the distance being less
than 100 miles, can be made in a few days' march. While the troops are march
ing from Guanica the fleet could be reducing the forts at San Juan and San
Carlos. The carriage roads all over Porto Rico are in excellent condition and
troops can move easily, the only danger being from exposure to the sun on long
marches. There is no yellow fever in Porto Rico, but the United States troop
ers not being used to the extremely hot weather are likely to wilt under tha
boiling sun.
"In my opinion the Spanish troops in Porto Rico will be found In very dif
ferent condition from those in Cuba. There has been no war in that island and
its resources are consequently unimpaired. The troops have been paid reg-.
ularly, are well clothed, fed and perhaps better armed than in any other sec-.
t;on of the Spanish army. This is due to the fact that according to the Spanish
system of billeting its army on its dependencies the revenues of Porto Rico hava
been ample to pay the soldiers billeted upon the island, whereas in Cuba a verjn
different state of affairs has existed for the past two years. All kinds of food
supplies are abundant and anywhere on the island troops will find plenty of
water, for Porto Rico is particularly favored with a water supply. The rainy
season does not begin until August and it only lasts a few weeks. There are na
swamp lands as in Cuba. Taken altogether Porto Rico is about the most healthjr
island in all the West Indies.
"When I left San Juan there were in the harbor the gunboats Ponce de Leon.
Isabella Secunda, Comacha, Alfonso XIII, the Terror, the Manual and two
cargo boats. Of these first three were doing scouting duty off the harbor
watching for the return of the American fleet.
"I had a number of strange adventures in San Juan one night I was onL
shore with my second mate. We got over to a strange street. Some ona
shouted 'Americanos! Americanos, Infernio!' Some one had mistaken us for
Americans and had raised the cry. In less time than we take tell it we were
surrounded by a crowd of shouting peons. To this day it is a mystery to mo
where they all came from so quickly. Things were looking serious. I did not
know just what to do.
I started to explain, but the crowd would not have it so. They threatened
an attack at any moment, when I happened to look up to a 'balcon* only a few
feet above me. A number of ladies had been attracted to the window, for ia
ban Juan as in all Spanish towns, the best families occupy the second story aa
their living rooms. Among- the number I recognized a lady whom I had met at
a reception a few evenings before. I called to her and she identified me, ex
plaining to the mob who I was. She sent a peon along to guide us back to tha
ship After that I was careful about getting into the side streets by day or
r.ight unless I had some one well known in the city along.
"While in port we suffered considerably from the heat and to make it as com
fortable as possible on the ship we kept every port hole wide open, but this one
day came near being our destruction. The Roath was lying close to the Isabella
Secunda, as we had been putting coal on board of her. One afternoon a shell
on the Isabella accidentally rolled overboard, striking a plank it bounced over
and into a port hole of the Roath and down into the hold, where it exploded.
My, but how the coal flew for a few seconds. Luckily, the men had a few mln«.
utes before left work to clean up or some of them would have been injured, if
not killed. I thought that the whole deck was going up. It took the ship'a*
carpenters four days to repair the damages."
It was not until Captain Spray left San Juan that he had his most thrilling,
experience. He left the port about 10 o'clock at night and had not been at sea*,
more than three or four hours when of a sudden there came a blank shot, the
signal to "lay to."
Captain Spray obeyed at once, but within a few minutes there came an
other shot, this time a shell, another followed and each time the gunner was
getting the range closer and closer. Captain Spray and his crew thought that
their time had come. The next shell passed within two feet of the funnels'
when Captain Spray concluded to "bout ship," then the firing ceased.
A few minutes later the Amphitrite came along side and explanations fol
lowed. The Roath was in ballast and "riding high" so that her white propellers'
showed just above the water. The officer of the Amphitrite had mistaken tha^
tips of the white propellers for foam and therefore thought that the Roath»
was coming toward him at full speed and not until she swung around did he.
discover the mistake. The Amphitrite officer thought that a Spanish battleshij> (
was after him sure. In the dim dawn the Roath's galley looked like a turret j
and the copper plate bearing the maker's name was mistaken for a cannon'si
mouth.
Paulina, the beautiful daughter of Governor General Maclas, according to:
Captain Spray, is the heroine of San Juan. After the bombardment the Gov
ernor General, anticipating an early resumption of hostilities, sent his family
into the interior. The mother, accompaned by five daughters, left San Juan th©
day following the bombardment, but Paulina, the General's favorite daughter,
refused to go with the family. She said that she would stay by her father to
care for him in case he should be wounded.
Captain Spray said: "The action of Miss Paulina has been loudly praised
by every one in San Juan. They all regard itas a noble sacrifice on her part, as
the troubles of General Macias are telling on him. When he came to Porto Rico
a few years ago his hair was a dark brown, to-day it is snow white. Constant
fear of a revolution and now the war has told on him. The words of Paulina,
'where father dies I die,' have become a sort of watchword in San Juan."
<?> <8> ♦ ♦ <S> <£ <^ 4> <3> ♦ <3> ♦ <S> <S> <S> ♦ <3> <S> <S> <$►♦<$> 3> <S« <$>♦ 4> <S> <$► <3> <$> <S> <S> <$>$> <£..<*. «♦'
:»■'■... ■;.*-- ''--..■.-_■:■.. • ... ; ■ ■ , .... . v , '
. "Upon the conduct of Admiral Sampson and Commodore *" ;
■-/ Schley's officers and bluejackets in this war depends not merely * )
the honor of the United States, but the very existence of the *
% British Empire. It is the old battle of the Latin and Anglo
' Saxon struggling once more for supremacy." — H. W. WILSON.
•§> <^
>$><!>>♦ «S> <J> <S> ♦ fs> <S> ♦ ♦,<?> <8> ♦ <s><?> ♦♦ <S> 4» ♦ ♦ <3><!><S><s> $> 4><3> ♦ ♦
It is not surprising to learn that cap
tains lost health and nerve, or went
crazy under such a burden. In British
maneuvers a week or ten days of block
ade under modern conditions has suf
ficed to show that the burden has
grown heavier and not lighter.
Connected with this subject is the
trial of the sea-keeping qualities of our
new ships, which this struggle will im
pose. The engines and 1 oilers of the
battle-ship or cruiser are lighter and
weaker than those of the merchant
ship, knot for knot, since weight is a
most important consideration. In time
of peace the warship rarely steams
faster than 10 or 12 knots, at which
pace her machinery may perform well
enough. But in war time she may
have to steam continuously for days at
her very utmost speed; or, if in com
pany with a fleet, she may have now
to run at top speed, now to stop, now
to go astern, when the strain becomes
tremendous, American ships are well
boilered, and should stand this kind of
work as well as any. Where they are
perhaps weak is in the number of
tricky engines and "dodges" that they
carry. Hand-worked ammunition
hoists are preferred in the British navy
for moderate sized guns,
ed with the greatest interest.
As war grows more terrible, more
devilish, it would seem that the loss of
life diminishes. Deadly as the new
weapons are, they have so great a
moral effect in the fighting man that
they prevent the close actions which,
were so bloody in the old day's. I have
in "Ironclads in Action" compared tha
loss of life and limb in six of the great
est battles, and it stands thus: Yalu
15% per cent, Lissa 4, Trafalgar about
20, the Nile 20, Camperdown 13, and the
First of June 15%. In the old battles
men were not infrequently Injured or
killed by the recoil of their own guns
This feature was faithfully reproduced
at the Yalu, where no less than ten
Japanese— according to Dr. Suzuki's
report— died from "the vibration of air
caused by the firing of their own guns."
This in the modern ship is a new and.
most potent cause of mischief. In a
British battle-ship I have seen a six
pounder gun severely injured by the
blast of a 10-inch weapon— and had
there been men quartered at it they
would have been killed. We know that,
at the trials of the Indiana, it was re
ported that her irreat 13-inch turret
guns, if trained at their extreme angle,
would have killed all the men at the
six-inch gun, past which they fired.
We know, too, that in certain French
ships the men have to be recalled from
the lighter guns before the heavy weap
ons can be fired In certain directions.
H. W. WILSON.
1920
FAILURES OF THE TWO BIGGEST AND BOLDEST SPECULATORS OF THE DECADE
IN ENGLAND-Tromoter" Hooley Floats Glittering Stocß
Companies for Millions of Pounds.
THE most startling news of the
last week was the announcement
of the bankruptcy of Ernest
Terah Hooley, self-described in
his own petition to t?e bank
ruptcy courts - "of Berkeley Square,
Liondon; Risley Hall, near Derby, and
Papworth Hall, Cambridgeshire.
Mr. Hooley, in this apparently vain
glorious description, was really under
estimating his own territorial and per-
Bor.al titles to glory. He might have
added that he was owner of many of
the greatest historical estates in Eng
land, of the Prince of Wales' former
yacht Britannia, of the Earl of Lons
dale's schooner yacht Verita, of the for
mer Travelers' Club in London, and
ex-owner of untold millions in stocks
and bonds and good, hard, glittering
gold.
Only last November Honloy volun
teered to float a loan of £17,000,000 for
the Spanish Government. Meanwhile
he had been engaged for some time in
floating a loan of even greater magni
tude for the Celestial empire.
People even then shook their heads
and said that he was in deep water.
The capitals of the companies floated
by him aggregate from sixty to sixty
five millions of dollars. The Bhares of
these companies, taken as a whole, had
depreciated more than 40 per cent since
their flotation. To-day the inevitable
lias happened. Mr. Hooley is a bank
rupt.
There la hardly any more sensational
chapter In financial history than Mr.
Hooley's rise from nothing into opu
lence and his decline back from opu
lence to possible nothing.
Not even Barney Barnato offers an
effective parallel. Fact must yield to
fiction in the hunt for a comparison.
Aladdin of the Eastern fairy tales is the
closest approximation to Hooley"s* his
tory.
Hooley, indeed, seemed to have pos
session of Aladdii.s famous lamp. What
he wished was instantly captured out
of chaos into reality. He not only ac
quired for himself lordly pleasure
houses in town and country but also
every pleasure house that his eye fell
upon, no matter how splendid the name
■with which it had been associated. Had
any evil genius suggested to him that
he needed a roc's egg as the capstone
and climax of his wishes that evil gen
ius would have been baffled by the in-
Btant acquisition of the biggest roc's
effg in the universe.
And to-day he is a bankrupt!
Mr. Hooley is a comparatively young
Jnan. still on the sunny side of 40. He
was born in Derbyshire some thirty
nine years ago. Since he was four
years of age he has resided in Ilking
ton.
"That is why," he explained to a re
porter, "I wish to represent it in Par
liament. I left school when I was 13
years old, and when I was at school I
had to walk eight miles a day. I be
gan life early, but I was born under a
lucky star, though I have seen as much
misery and poverty as any man liv
ing," and he closed with the altruistic
sentiment that his own aim in future
would be "to lighten poverty if I can."
Discovering poverty in China and in
Bpain. was it with this aim that he
bent his energies to abolish it? But do
not let us trifle at the expense of a
noble-hearted man, who has himself
told us that although in the abstract he
is fond of sport, the mere sight of a
broken winged bird or a maimed rabbit
briCtgs tears to his eyes and a bleeding
pali to his heart.
"mis noble altruist first became
kntfwn to his native country as a suc
cessful lace manufacturer at Nottlng
haiA But pent up Nottingham proved
too •g.rrow to confine his powers.
Havinf achieved a respectable com
petency *'hich he himself looked upon
with scatff respect, his next move was
naturally W Capel Court, the London
Wall street.
This was only a couple of years ago.
He now made the whole boundless con
tinent his field of operation. The first
of his schemes to startle the world was
the purchase of the Dunlop Pneumatic
Tire Company for $20,000,000.
This gigantic scheme was noated by
means of a syndicate. Having first
learned that the Dunlop Company was
billing to sell, Hooley obtained an op
tion for $10,000,000 for one week. Then
he bent all his energies to communi
cate to his friends, acquaintances and
associates the fact that the Dunlop
Company was in the market. The re
sult was that in two days Hooley was
enabled to exercise his option. He
purchased the property for the stipu
lated $10,000,000. and on the third day
unloaded it upon the said friends,
acquaintances and associates for
double the amount. The neat way in
which he netted a profit of $10,000,000
without stirring from his chair even so
far as tv put his hands in his pocket
for a single shilling might seem to in
dicate that he had made monkeys of
these more or less intimate sharers of
his ample bosom. •
Not a bit of it! They, too, profited
by the deal to such an extent that they
had every reason to rise up and call
him blessed.
Then came the Bovrll Company deal.
Every American housewife associates
the name of Bovril with a beef extract
that has been enormously advertised
as one of the greatest boons to suffer
ing humanity. Hooley's tender heart,
the same that bled for birds and rai>
bits, felt so deeply concerned in th«
welfare of suffering humanity that he
exploited the Bovril extracts in exactly
the same way he had expected the
pneumatic tire.
And again his friends, associate's and
acquaintances, who put big profits Into
his own pocket, had reason to bless
htm for that they found their pockets
simultaneously dilated.
That much suffering was likewise
alleviated in dyspeptic stomachs
caused the good man's cup of Joy to
overflow.
Again Hooley turned his attention to
the bicycle. That most deserving ob
ject was now clamoring with a loud
voice for tubes. Cycle manufacturers
found themselves at a loss for sufficient
tubing to meet the demand. Hooley
was the man for the occasion.
"Go to Coventry," he said to his
agent, "and buy up all the tubes you
can."
Coventry, It may be said in passing,
was the great center of the tube in
dustry. Coventry nobly responded to
the agent's request as far as It could.
But Coventry unassisted was still an
inadequate center. Mr. Hooley fur
nished the requisite assistance. The
British public awoke one morning to
find itself solicited to invest three mil
lions in the Swedish Tube Company, to
be established at Coventry for the pur
pose of filling the orders secured by
Hooley's apremt. The British public re
sponded by golden promise and per
formance. The money was sub ~ribed
for ten times over. A new factory was
built, all orders were filled, Hooley
netted a round million and again his
associates we rewarded for their
prompt response, he factory still yields
a satisfactory return to all Investors.
And now it appeared that Aladdin's
lamp was of inexhaustless potentialities.
Its possessor became the man of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 20, 1898.
hour. His name was on every one's
lips. London went wild at its mere
mention in connection with any new
financial scheme.
But Aladdin's energies were now tem
porarily diverted from -üblic to private
enterprises. The benefactor of a con
tinent made personal aggrandizement
his immediate object. He secured fa
mous yachts, like the Prince of Wales'
Britannia, ana the Earl of Lonsdale's
Verena. He invested in equally famous
race horses. He purchased magnificent
historic estates which were falling to
decay in the hands of spendthrift heirs.
In a short time he had become master
of a palace in Berkeley Square and
country seats like Risley and Pap
worth halls. He leased the big building
at the corner of Regent street and Pall
Mall, formerly the Traveler's Club, with
the intention of turning it into offices.
He became a member of numerous
yacht clubs. He associated with the
Prince of Wales and other great and
good men.
The advent of Queen Victoria's jubi
lee gave him a longed-for chance to re
turn to philanthropy.
In January, 1897, the Prince of Wales
publicly announced that the Queen
would be pleased to have her anniver
sary made an occasion for endowing
new charities and enriching those al
ready endowed. Hooley's scarred heart
leaped within his bosom at this sug
gestion. Incidentally he saw a chance
to realize his pet ambition of repre
senting his native county in Parlia
ment. But that, of course, was merely
incidentally.
He straightway notified the local au
thorities that he had set aside £400,000
to be invested in the hands of trustees,
who were to expend the income in bet
tering the condition of the poor, the
aged, the widowed and the orphaned
in his own corner of Derbyshire.
These figures may sound more august
when the intelligent reader is reminded
that £400,000 is about two millions of
dollars in American money. The yearly
income of this enormous sum would
be £75,000, or $355,000.
A unique system was organized for
the proper expenditure of this. income.
Every town of 10,000 inhabitants was
to receive a sum of $5000 a year, every
village of 3000 a sum of $1500. But tho
fund was not to be expended in actual
money payments to the beneficiaries.
Accounts were to be opened with the
various storekeepers, upon whom or
ders were to be given by the local com
mittees after careful consideration of
the necessities of the epplicants.
Early in February of last year Mr.
Hooley discovered that St. Paul's Ca
thedral possessed no sacramental plate
worthy of its position as the metropol
itan church of the United Kingdom.
This discovery inflicted a new wound
upon his sensitive heart. He deter
mined to supply the omission. At im
mense cost he procured and presented
to the church a magnificent service of
pure gold. A fierce wall was uttered
by outraged evangelical England.
From end to end of the country went
up a complaint against the cathedral
authorities for having been "so little
mindful of the dignity of St. Paul's"
as to accept such a gift from a man of
the class and standing of Hooley. Some
of the great London dailies, the quint
essence alike of conventional respecta
bility and of conventional humbug, went
so far as to ridicule the plate by de
scribing it as the "Hooley communion
service."
But Hooley, a consummate humbug
himself, knew how to value at its just
worth the concentrated humbug of the
great London dailies. He succeeded in
forcing upon the church authorities the
splendid gift which the snobs of the
press would fain have them reject.
For Hooley was a friend of the Prince
of Wales!
Once in the pages of a now defunct
magazine, Mr. Hooley volunteered to
reveal the secret of his success in busi
ness. All the world stood expectant
of important revelations. But when
the interview appeared it proved to be
simply a rehash of conventional hum
bug. The net meaning might be re-
Ernest Terah riooley,
Who Floated Numbers of
Gigarjtic Financial Scherrjes.
solved into the Poor Richard maxim
that early to bed makes a man healthy,
wealthy and wise.
At the time the interview appeared
Mr. Hooley had undoubtedly achieved
these three requisites of conventional
comfort. Exactly how they would
square with his present predicament
must be left to the future to deter
mine.
This great man has his weaknesses.
Among this is a passion for three
penny bits with holes in them. It
would take a more subtle psychologist
than myself to explain the why and
wherefore of this superstition. The
fact remains that he has had out a
standing order to the managers of such
banks as he dealt with for all the mu
tilated three-penny pieces which hap
pen to fall in their way. Nevertheless,
he has the frugal mind which Cowper
has celebrated in the notorious case of
Mrs. Gilpin. He pays no premiums on
holes. He takes th^'m at the market
value for whole three-penny bits. Why
he should have a passir.n for such mu
tilated currency has never been re
vealed. But it has been dimly inti
mated that at one time in his career a
three-penny bit with a hole in it proved
the turning point in his fortune.
Just before the beginning or our war
with Spain Hooley had entered into
what was the most gigantic speculation
of his whole career. This was the form-
Ing of an enormous syndicate for the
purchase of Cuba. The capital of this
syndicate was to be some two hundred
millions. It is even asserted that this
sum had all been subscribed and that
the proceedings had reached the point
of negotiations with the Government
officials of Spain. They favored the
proposition, and would have carried it
through had they not feared a popular
uprising in Spain. Large sums are said
to have been spent in bribery, but with*
no substantial result.
And now Mr. Hooley has gone to Join
the great army of speculators in the
past, whose names are only useful to
point a moral ami adorn a tale. He
will be remembered with John Law and
Barney Barnato and others of that ilk
as one of the men who made an ex
traordinary though transitory impres
sion upon the British public. No one
credi.s men of this type with altruistic
yearnings, or, indeed, supposes that
they are actuated by any more ideal
motive than the very common one of
striving to do the best they can for
themselves. But it is none the less a
mistake to suggest that they are merely
parasites of society contributing noth
ing to the welfare of their race.
IN AMERlCA— Specufator Leiter Tries to Comer the
Wheat of the Worfd.
TOSEPH LEITER is no longer
I king of wheat, and the country in
■— I general as well as those who have
II been defeated by him in his opera
tions breathe more freely. His
fall was rapid. It was but a few days
ago that his defeat was reported, and
within twenty-four hours the defeat be
came an utter rout.
And it must add poignantly to his
chagrin that Philip D. Armour, the bit
ter enemy and rival in business of
himself and his father, was the man
who stepped in, and. in apparent pity,
agreed to take 3,500,000 bushels of Lei
ter's wheat and dispose of it for the
benefit of the young man who so lately
ruled as king of the wheat pit.
Late dispatches from Chicago tell
also that Armour is willing to handle
all the wheat held by the banks. With
in the past two days fully 10.000,000
bushels of wheat have been disposed of,
and Leiter's wheat, held in store in
enormous quantities at Minneapolis
and Duluth and in transit across the
Atlantic, has changed hands. The
wheat king is dethroned.
The erstwhile king is not only desert
ed by his friends but his own father
has had a bitter quarrel with him, tell
ing him that it was his careless ways
of life and his lack of close attention to
business that brought about the giant
collapse. It needed but this in addition
to the triumph of his great enemy, Ar
mour, to fill the cup of young Leiter's
humiliation to the brim.
Leiter's easy and gay habits away
from his office have been the subject of
knowing comment among his acquaint
ances. The young man who in a piain
little office, sat at his desk in a chair
tilted forward by having its front legs
shortened, and there, while literally
sunk down to his ears with his work
before him, planned and directed
schemes of Napoleonic daring was an
other being when he left the office be
hind him. His father has long known
of this and chose to overlook it. Now
he realizes that it played an important
part in the huge collapse that has taken
The biow has had little effect on the
markets, and this is an additional hu
miliation to the young king, who
thought that when he should fall many
must fall with him. Only a few firms
here and there have suffered. The
wheat market has been but little ef-
In Liverpool there was a slight panic,
but the market soon steadied. Leiter's
loss is estimated at nearly $6,000,000,
but his si >iking has made but few rip
ples on the pond. Most of this big loss
represents profits made in the first rise
of wheat. When his troubles are set
tled it is roughly figured out that his
net losses will be between $1,000,000 and
$2,000,000. The market is firmer, and
all over the United States there is a
feeling of Joy. And young Leiter, true
to his strange character, is himself
cheerful. It is believed in Chicago that
the creditors will lose little or nothing,
as L. Z. Leiter, the young man's father,
gave his personal security in most of
the deals. It is not expected that an
actual assignment will be made.
Charges are made that owing to the
faint-heartedness of men whom he had
associated with him in his speculation
the crash came, but there is noth
ing more in this than that men would
not stand by Leiter to their own loss
after they saw that the crash was im
minent. Overbuying and overstaying
are declared to be the causes of the
downfall.
Had Joseph Leiter been content to be
a wheat speculator, and to give his at
tention to it, he would still have been
a financial king. But he spent, in the
company of women, time that ought to
have been spent in work. And, puffed
up by his phenomenal success in one
field of speculation, he entered into
wide dealings in stocks of various
of various kinds. The strain of such
varied and complex speculation was
too much for him. This fellow, the
noise of whose downfall was echoed
around the world, affecting the markets
of cities thousands of miles away,
thought that he could take up business
as a brilliant and gainful pastime.
It was scarcely more than a year ago
that Joseph Leiter, who is now only
30 years old, began his phenomenal
career. Before that, he had been deem
ed only a young man of ordinary abil
ity and qualities. He had been given
a college education. He was handsome,
of snlendid a trifle over six
feet in height and of great physical
strength. His hair was parted in the
middle. He wore the finest clothes
He loved horses, yachting and gayety
He is a gay fatalist. He believes"that
if a man is meant by providence to suc
ceed he must succeed, and if the peo
ple are meant to suffer from the high
price of bread they must suffer. Now
when disaster has overtaken him he
still keeps up a bold front, and says
that it is a mere happening that could
not be avoided, and he merely awaits
a new opportunity to test his fate with
fortune.
Shortly after leaving college he was
given $1,000,000 by his father to play
with. His father expected him to lose
it, and, indeed, he did lose most of it
But he gained knowledge. Unsuspected
he studied the details of street railroad
ing and mining. He learned the cost
of operative electricity and how to
know a salted mine from the genuine
He still laughed and danced and kept
up the gay round of pleasure, but he
also learned hard facts and human
nature. He began to win before he had
lost the full million, and after a while
had more than recouped his losses.
His facial characteristics well typify
his mixed character. His eyes can be
very gentle, but his enemies see them
burn with stern fire. His nose is long
and strong, but there is a sensuous
broadening at the lower end of the nos
trils. His lips, that at first sight seem
only made for smiling, can tighten in
firm lines.
His chin is broad and determined,
but it has an unmistakable doubling,
that comes from high living and the
indulgence of passion and appetite. In
these dual characteristics lie the secrets
of his rise and of his downfall.
Leiter's victories continued. He was
more than a Chicago wheat dealer. He
was a man who watched the crops and
the fluctuations of the market in every
part of the world, and his opponents
found that he had made heavy Euro
pean contracts, to sell, long before he
began to buy.
He is a man of curious opposites, and
who prides himrelf on attention to
small details. Visitors to his office are
compelled to take their turn, and the
other day a man who. as Leiter knew,
wanted to rent from him some property
for $10,000 a year, was compelled to wait
until a man with a basketful of rare
fish had shown his goods and made his
sale.
At another time his broker called him
up on the telephone to tell him that a
deal v.as in sight, and that it
could not wait a moment.
"It's got to wait," said Leiter coolly,
and rang off to go back to the man with
whom he had been talking. It was one
of his tenants, and the matter in ques
tion was whether or not a new sink
was needed in the house. That mo
mentous affair settled Leiter called up
PETS OF THE
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
OUR boys in blue are not alone in
their desire to possess regimental
pets, or, as many prefer to call
them, mascots. Boys in red or
green or any other color, all the
world over, have the same fancy— the
Russian in Siberia, the Frenchman in
Algiers, the Englishman in India,
share this fondness for and belief in the
benign influence of dumb animals. In
the English army nearly every regi
ment has its pet, and 1 in many in
stances the practice is of such long
standing that it has received a sort of
semi-official sanction, and the animals
may be considered as carried on the
books of the regiment.
At Edinburgh Castle, in a charm
ingly picturesque corner of the old
ramparts, there Is even a graveyard
# for soldiers' pets. There, embowered
amid carefully tended shrubs and flow
ers, may be seen dozens of little tomb
stones, bearing pathetic inscriptions
such as this: "In memory of Pet, who
followed the Seventy-second Highland
ers in peace and war for ten years";
or, "In memory of Kate, the drum
mer's pet, Ninety-second Gordon High
landers."
The name of nearly every famous
Scotch regiment, from the heroes of the
"thin red line" to the recent victors at
Darghai and Atbara, are to be found
there, for the brave man has always
a tender corner in his heart for dumb
companions.
One of the oldest and best-known
of regimental pets is the goat of the
Welsh Fusileers. No transport officer
would dare to refuse ship room for this
sacred animal; no officer could lead the
regiment into action unless the goat
were also at its head. For more than
two centuries, ever since the regiment
was embodied In 1689, the goat has been
its fetish, Its symbol, or, if you liko,
its mascot. Of course it has not al
ways been the same animal — even goats
must die some day— but the regiment
has always replaced Its pet at once.
In the present day, the Welsh Fusi
leers are particularly fortunate because
of the interest taken by the Queen in
their pet. In 1844, when the goat of
the day passed away, her Majesty
heard of the disaster. She immediate
ly presented the regiment with two of
the finest goats from the royaj flock.
These were of the famous Persian
breed, a gift from the Shah of Persia.
Since then, whenever necessary, the
supply of goat has been renewed.
Pretty nearly every country in the
world has seen the elsh Fusileers and
their famous leader. He has even been
in America, but there the mascot theory
did not seem to work. For some rea
son, not unconnected with revolution
ary skill in marksmanship, its tradi
tional luck deserted the regiment at
Bunker's Hill. Every officer save one
his broker and arranged for the $200,000
deal.
"Now is the time to sell May wheat.
Don't breathe a word; but Joe says so."
The "Joe" referred to was Joseph
Leiter. and the speaker was Nina Far
rington, once a star of the burlesque
stage. K.he was one of Leiter's gay
friends, and he told her enough of his
plans one day last February t~, put her
in tha way of making a large sum. She
is turn wanted to tell her chorus girl
friends in Ne-.v York and so wrote to
Jeannette St. Clair, saying:
"I am having a jolly time here in
Chicago, and am better off than when
I was on the stage. Now, let me tell
you in confidence to buy May wheat.
Dc-nt till I telegraph you, and if you
follow my advice you will make enough
to buy a new spring bonnet."
A few days later she wired to Jean
nette to ca.l her up on the long-dis
tance telephone, and then told her what
"Joe" had advised. "Joe" did not ex
pect that his secret would be passed
about, but it filtered out to many, and
dealers heard of it.
As a result he lost $175,000 on that
deal alone. His friends hint that by
many similar indiscretions he lost other
great amounts.
In his year of brilliant speculation
Leiter is credited with having cleared
over $6,000,000, and now in less than two
days he has lost more than that.
That under the fever of prices that
accompanied his speculations the price
of wheat went up and the price of
bread followed, and that the poor all
over this country cursed him was noth
ing to him. He merely laughed again,
and said that he must really start on
that long yachting trip. He defied
public opinion, and said that he knew
he was acting within his rights and the
law.
was placed hors.de combat, and as Fen
imore Cooper remarks in his novel,
"Lionel Lincoln," the regiment did not
have enough men left to saddle its goat.
This reference to saddling the goat
refers to one of the many queer cus
toms associated with the animal. They
were hard drinking days; the mess
dinners of our forefathers were orgies
fitted to try the strongest head, and it
was but natural that the officers should
wish the regimental pet to share in
their hilarity. On the Ist of March of
every year, being the day of the tute
lary Welsh saint. David, a banquet of
special magnificence was given. When
the fun was at its height, the goat
splendidly caparisoned was led into the
mess, mounted by a drummer boy, and
solemnly ridden three times round the
tables, amid the cheers of the hilarious
officers. Unfortunately, when the reg
iment was at' Boston in 1775 the goat
took alarm at the uproar and prac
ticed bucking so successfully that the
unfortunate little boy riding him was
thrown violently to the floor and killed.
Another regiment which has adopted
the goat is the Ninety-fifth Derbyshire.
The corps secured its pet in the most
dramatic fashion. It was in the height
of the Indian, mutiny, and a severe fight
was going on in the streets of Kotah,
from which cfty the black rebels were
being expelled at the point of the bay
onet. During a lull in the action, one
of the soldiers observed a magnificent
ram of the famous Rajpootana fighting
breed calmly gTazing in a vacant com
peund. So the regiment carried off the
ram with them, and Derby, as he was
called, took most kindly to a soldier's
life. Every action saw him well to
the front. He marched three thousand
miles with his regiment and assisted in
nearly ever- fight of that blood-stained
campaign.
Cavalry regiments, for obvious rea
sons, naturally take to horses as their
pets. The Royal Irish Hussars for a
long time had a famous drum horse
called Black Bob, which served with
Continued on Page Twenty-SIJ.THE famous old town of Yuma,
on the western edge of Arizona
Territory, close upon the east
bank of the Colorado River, is
unique in several respects. Years
ago it was the most dreaded
frontier garrison to which Uncle Sam
assigned his BOidiers. It is known the
world over for its remarkably hot
weather records, and .very summer
Yuma and tho climate there are
sources on which newspaper humorists
nnd paragraphers, far and wide, draw
with reckless extravagance.
Yuma has been the scene "f many
Indian fights in the two last centuries.
Probably no other fort on the extreme
Western frontier has ever held so many
men, first and last, who Later becanre
famous military leaders, as Fort Yuma.
pals Custer, Phil Kearney, Beale,
Albert Sidney Johnston, Longstreet and
McDowell all served a year or two of
their army apprenticeship there. John
Phoenix (Lieutenant H. A. Derby), the
first American humorist of the modern
style, died there.
lUit it is the Territorial prison at
Turns that makes the historic old town
n ajl over the West in these
days. There is not another penal insti
tution like it in all America. When the
mining ■ nt was at its height in
Arizona In 1879 and 1880, when the
Tombstone and Prescott mines were
pouring out thousands of dollars in
golden bricks every day. and men of
every degree of villainy and lawless-
Into the Territory from
State and Territory in the Union,
the need of a strong penitentiary for
•the increasing population of criminals
i iately apparent. Ruf
1 convicts and cut
throats from all parts of the Union
Arizona by wagon and train,
un>l infested the mining towns, and
when arrested and thrown into the rude
jails of the easy, slow-going Mexican
period they had no difficulty In escap
ing and resuming a lawless career. In
1 .:.> a proposition was made to build a
irial prison, and Yuma was se
as the site. It was not until ISS2
that the prison was finished.
Arizona Territnrinl Penitentiary
upon an eminence overlooking
the Colorado and Gila rivers for miles.
dn one side is the Colorado River, and
on the >ther three sides there stretches
away for miles and miles as desolate
and trackless and hopeless a desert as
man ever looked upon. No one, not
even the Indians, brought up on the
000000000000000000
THE LAST AND LARGEST
OF OUR WOODEN SHIPS.
The Roanoke. now in harbor here, Is one of the two very largest American vessels afloat. The other one Is her sister
sljip. the Shenandoah. Both are owned in Maine. Shipowners declare that the day of the crack American clipper ship is
i a:id that in the near future iron vessels will replace the wooden ones. The Roanoke and Shenandoah are regarded
the last of their types on the seas.
IF you take a walk down to the
Steuart street dock you will find the
wharf incumbered with a miscel
laneous collection of California
goods, stacked BO closely that the
driver of the cumbrous four-horse
team has great difficulty in threading
hi.* way between the piles. There are
barrels <>f sugar and Hour, bundles of
rags and great heaps of firewood, but
chiefly the collection consists of native
vines. There are rows upon rows of
THE BATTLE-SHIP OREGON STRIPPED FOR ACTION.
Pefore going Into battle nowadays a man-of-war is stripped of all paraphernalia that is In the least likely to create
danger when struck by Hip missiles of the enemy. Woodwork in particular is ripped away and flung overboard. So are
the email boa's, railings, furniture and everything else that may furnish what the sailorman In action most dreads, "splin
ter?." In the recent action at Manila some of the apprentices carried this practice to the extent of throwing overboard
their sea chests and the stools and tables used at mess. When the battle was over they had to eat their meals sitting
Turkish fashion about the rm-ssroom. About the only ornaments on a battle-ship in action are her big guns frowning
from the turrets. Aside from them, the decks are swept as clear as possible of everything else. Heavy cable chains and
sacks of cn.'il or sand are sometimes placed about some spot that is deemed in need of protection. "Splinter nets" are some
times spread also, as was done on the deck of the Olympia at Manila.
Desperate Criminals COWED BY A GREAT DESERT.
skirts of that great area of sand and
cactus, dare to go across it unattended
and without provisions of food and
drink. Th? most desnerate criminals
by attempting to flee across that almost
limitless burning waste.
A high wHll. 285 by 305 feet, incloses
the prison yard. The wall has a height
of 16 feet, and it is 8 fe»-t thick at the
base and 5 feet thick at the top. With
in it are the main prison buildings and
the shops. The prison building is solid
ly constructed of rock laid on mortar,
and in the center of all the walls is in
serted a heavy Iron grating. A similar
grating is laid In the masonry above
and below each cell, so that upon tha
completion of the whole prison build
ing, of which only a portion has been
finished, it will have an enormous skel
eton of iron, which will serve as an ef
fectual bar to a convict's escape even
were he to dig through the massive
stone wall. Adjoining and connected
with the prison are a large, airy dining
room, a kitchen and a laundry. In spite
of the terrific heat of the climate, these
buildings are remarkable for their com
parative coolness.
Everyone who goes to see the Terri
torial penitentiary is interested in the
Gatling guns which are placed on the
guard stands arranged at Intervals
along the top of the walls. The largest
and principal gun is in charge of a
young Mexican, who boasts of his
Apache blood. He is rated as the best
marksman with a Gatling gun in the
T'nlted States. General McCook of the
United States army says that his ma
nipulation of the complicated weapon
and his accuracy of aim are simply
marvelous. The young Mexican has an
excellent field for target practice over
the Gila mud flats, just above the pris
on. A tin can six inches in diameter,
placed at a distance of 700 yards, he
will hit four times out of five with a
Gatling gun. When it is remembered
that he can fire 500 shots a minute, the
oooooooooooooeooooc
brand new, shiny casks full of claret
or port, or white wine of many names
and vintages. All these things are for
New York, since, war or no war, the
big ship Roanoke is going to start on
her tedious voyage to the Atlantic, as
soon as her hold shall have been filled
with a suitable variety of merchan
dise.
She Is a remarkable object on the
water front, this Roanoke. Her taper-
Ing, graceful spars tower high above
those of any other vessel in port, her
huge hull rises far above the level of
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 26, 1898.
possibility of a convict's escape is too
small to calculate.
A recent test of the marksmanship of
this young Apache gunner was made.
Fr^m behind a stone wall 100 tin cans
of the Fize of common fruit cans were
thrown one at a time haphazard in the
air, just as clay pigeons are automati
cally thrown at shooting matches. The
Apache had his gun ready and had to
aim as quick as a Hash at each can at
a distance of 150 yards. He pierced 37
out of the 100 before 'they fell behind
the stone inelosure.
The average number of convicts in
the prison is 130. Seventeen of the
prisoners there are in for life. They are
murderers, railroad wreckers and
highwaymen. The comfort of a prls
oner in Yuma depends much on the
money he or his friends have. If he is
poor and has no friends of means or in
fluence, he has only the cheap but
wholesome prison fare, and must oc
cupy at night one of the stone cells
within the buildings. For a few weeks
in winter these cells are quite com
fortable, but in the summer months or
when a parching wind Is blowing off
the hot desert they are like Turkish
bath rooms.
"Try to think how you would feel
if you were night after night locked in
a close, narrow cell, with only a small
opening for fresh air and with the tem
perature ranging from 95 to 100 de
grees," said a discouraged convict from
Yuma prison, in telling of the way the
moneyless prisoners live there. "I have
known many nights in midsummer
when the temperature in the cells was
about 105 degrees, and with the natural
dampness of the cplls and not a breath
of air stirring, you can imagine what
the poor convicts suffer. The fellows
lie on their bunks, stripped naked, and
pant like lizards for enough air to
breathe. Often the temperature at
night keeps at about 95 degrees for
several weeks at a time, and near the
■00CCC0000O0003000
the wharf, so that a stiff climb up a
rickety accommodation ladder is neces
sary before her deck can be reached.
It is only from this altitude that her
vast dimensions can. be properly ap
preciated. From below you see noth
ing but a great expanse of side, painted
a dull and uninteresting leaden color.
But once you have gained the deck you
find before you a vast expanse of pine
planking, almost unincumbered with
houses or other obstructions. There is
of course a deckhouse forward for the
crew, and the usual spacious cabin aft,
105 degree mark for a week or ten days
at a stretch.
"Think what suffering that must be
to the poor convicts who work daily in
summer in a temperature that ranges
from HO degrees to 122 degrees, fol
lowed at night by the terrific heat 1
have told you about. Everyone of the
prisoners who have to stay in the cells
at night comes out from his kennel like
sleeping place in the morning reeking
with perspiration and weak. Sleep is
only had in brief doses. The doctors
say that anyone who has any blood
taint or the least susceptibility to con
sumption soon contracts the disease
there. Deaths from consumption are
common among the moneyless prison
ers in Yuma Penitentiary. Every sum
mer there are a few convicts who man
age to commit suicide in their steam
ing, noisome colls rather than to en
dure the agony of life there. Two years
;igo a fellow who robbed the Wells-Far
go stage at (irants Pass committed sui
cide there by biting at his wrist and
tearing open the arteries with his
teeth."
But the convicts who have means
or Influential friends can have
as varied and tempting food as they
care to buy from the prison cook. Some
prisoners pay for special cuts of hams,
have fresh fish brought for them, and
even pay the cooks for occasionally
providing fowl for them at the regular
meals. Then too, for a bonus, and
with bonds that they will not escape
from the prison they may have cots
to sleep on in the yard of the peniten
tiary. For eleven months In the year
there is no rain in Yuma, and one may
sleep comfortably out under the starry
vault of heaven about 350 nights In the
year. A few prisoners sleep out of
doors all the time.
Some of the most exciting and san
guinary scents ever enacted in any
penal institution have been inside the
walla of the Yuma Prison. In one of
these efforts to gain their freedom, in
000000000000000000
but these things take up so little room
as to be hardly noticeable. From stem
to stern the ship measures 311 feet,
While her beam is 49 feet. She claims
the proud privilege of being the larg
est wooden ship in the world: and, in
deed, there are only a few iron ships
larger, chief among these being the
France, a Glasgow built vessel owned
in France, which measures nearly four
thousand tons. The Roanoke is 3589
gross tonnage, so there is not a great
deal of difference, after all.
The people of San Francisco have
seen the Roanoke before; since she was
built some six years ago she has paid
a couple of visits to this port. Also
the famous ship Phonandoah, which
recently attained distinction through
not being captured by the Spaniards.
The two vessels are almost sister ships.
They have the same breath and the
same depth, but an extra length of
some twenty feet glv<^s the Roanoke an
additional two hundred tons. They
are rigged modern fashion, as four
masted barks, and from keelson to
to truck the spars of the Roanoke
tower to a height of 175 feet. With all
s.all set she spreads 17,000 yards of can
vas, and can make, under the most
favorable conditions, with a good
brtfze on her quarter, fourteen knots
an hour. The lower yards, and there
are three of them, are huge spars nine
ty-five feet in length, so that it is e.isy
to understand the great propelling
pcwer of this mass of canvas.
A melancholy interest attaches to the
Roanoke, because she is the last of her
class. She is the largest, and one of
the finest wooden sailing ships ever
built, but no American shipbuilder is
likely to repeat the order. Even the
enterprising firm at Bath, Me., which
built and own the Shenandoah and
Roanoke, have abandoned the con
struction of wooden vessels, and aro
likely in the future to use only iron
and steel in their work. Economic
considerations have sounded the doom
of the wooden ship, and for the matter
of that the day of the sailing ships is
not for long. The tramp steamer, with
her smoothly running engines and
light coal consumption, is rapidly driv
ing her from the seas. Only a few
long voyage trades, such as the trip
from San Francisco to Europe or the
Eastern States are left for* the sailor,
and soon the übiquitous tramp
steamer will swamp these routes.
With the passing of the sailing ship
passes also the picturesque. There is
no more beautiful sight on the seas
than an American clipper ship under
full sail. There is an airy grace and
beatuy about her spars, a lightness of
movement and a perfection of propor
tion which belong to the vessels of no
other nationality. The English sailing
vessels are strong and seaworthy, but
they are too heavy in their hull and
rigging for beauty. However, all alike,
whether it be the substantial British
four-master or the light American clip
per, are doomed, and another genera
tion will see no more of these winged
messengers of the sea.
The present war. has done more than
anything else .to bring home to the
American people the decay of the mer
cantile :'■ marine. > s Time was when the
American clippers V flew; the ; stars and
stripes on every sea; carrying | tea from
China and wool : from : ! Australia, and
lightening up , the Western Ocean with
their • constantly' crossing; flags. Be
tween ; the ' fifties ■ and ; sixties . the i sail
ing ' ship " reached ; Its / highest j point of j
evolution, 7 and '. of I all {ships the Ameri- i
can wore _ the . ajost £$mjed for^frelr
COWED BY J\ GREJIT DESERT.
the winter of 1894 four leaders among
the rebellious convicts were shot dead
and four were maimed for life.
But the most dare-devil and boldest
contest for liberty that has probably
ever taken place within the walls of
any penal institution in this country
was that of one morning In October,
1887. The old timers of Yuma who have
lived for a generation and more on the
frontier of civilization and have been
eye witnesses of desperate conflicts and
Slaughters of human beings on the
plains and in the mountains, have not
yet ceased talking of that morning.
Thomas Gates, who died by his own
hand a few months ago, was superin
tendent of the penitentiary at the time.
As he came from his private quarters
early one morning he passed in the
rear of a brick building, where he was
set upon by four prisoners, who were
serving long sentences for stage rob
beries and murder. The attack was
made within the range of the armed
guards upon the wall. Superintendent
Gates' heroism on that eventful occa
sion, when he received wounds that left
him a physical wreck, Is a matter of
history.
At the peril of his own life he called
upon the guards to shoot, and the order
was obeyed. In ' a second more
twenty other prisoners who had waited
for the signal to make a united break
for liberty ran from their workshops
to the prison office, knocked the guards
there into insensibility, and despoiled
the place of its rifles and pistols. A
dozen more prisoners attempted to run
out of the laundry and kitchen to help
their fellow convicts, but were kept
back by the armed guards.
In a few seconds the guards upon the
beauty and speed. Those were the
good old days of ocean races from
China to New* York, when the ship that
landed the nrst cargo of tea won. not
only much honor, but a substantial
profit for her owners. Speed was every
thing then, and cargo capacity but a
subsidiary consideration. To-day we
have reversed all this, the modern
The RpanoK?, Last of the Biggest Wooden Vessels Afloat. Coming Into San F ranclsco Ba y-
walls turned their Winchesters and
Gatling guns upon the rebellious con
victs, while the dozen guards in the
prison yard and about the shops threw
themselves into the breach to ketp
other prisoners from joining in the re
bellion. An eye-witness of the affair,
who has been through two Apache and
Comanche Indian wars, says he nevvr
saw so many men instantly stand up
an I face death as did both the prison
guards and the rebellious convicts that
October morning.
Shots were exchanged at a range of
less than twenty feet between tbe
guards and the prisoners. A dozen i»f
the latter who were near the gatts
darted outside the walls, and, rifles i»n
hand, started for the town of YumJi.
No Gatling gun was ever worked moi c
rapidly and unerringly than that c-n
the penitentiary walls at that time, and
the Winchesters in the hands of an
other guard on the walls fired a b*>ll
every three seconds. Nine of the flefc
ing convicts dropped wounded in their
tracks. Three more threw up their
hands as a sign of surrender, and In
this fashion walked back to the prison
yard.
The attention of the guards was
turned to the mutiny In the yard, but
there the Gatling gun could not be
used, because of the angle in which.it
had to be turned. Only the Winchester
rifles could be used. For a few min
utes there was a terrific exchange of
shots, and few of them went astray
from their mark. Five prisoners and
three guards fell dead almost at one
another's feet, while three prisoners
were wounded for life. One guard was
shot four times through the body, and,
A DARING DASH FOR LIBERTY.
nevertheless, lived several years. The
injured prisoners threw up their hands
because they were out of cartridges,
and were marched to their cells.
The wooden building in front of
which the guards stood in their hand
to-hand fight is still shown in evidence
of the ferocity of the fight. There are
forty-seven bullet holes in it. Some
of them were made by lead balls after
they had passed through a man's body.
The battle was all over in five minutes.
Not a word was spoken by any of the
participants. Guard Hartlee stood like
a statue at his post, shootinsr when
ever he could get a bead on one of the
convicts. After the fight, when asked
how he felt during it, he replied:
"I started In like I had a hard day's
cargo carrier, an enormous lading in
her hull, dawdles lazily over the ocean,
and passages now are longer than they
ever were.
Considerations of economy, more than
anything else, have dictated this un
fortunate change. Wherever speed is
required there steam has stepped in and
ousted the sailer. And even where there
work to do and I wanted to get through
quickly."
The woeful experience of these rebel
lious convicts during their five min
utes' taste of liberty Is so memorable
that it has done much to discourage
plans for a similar uprising.
In the history of the prison only one
man has succeeded In crossing the
trackless deserts that environ the Ter
ritorial penitentiary at Yuma, and
reaching old Mexico. The man was a
half-breed Mexican. His grandmother
was an Apache squaw, and his Indian
blood stood him in good stead in run
ning across the desert and leaving no
track behind, while he eluded the scent
of bloodhounds and marksmanship of
the prison sharpshooters. It was In
ISS3. before the prison was so well
equipped with firearms and sharp
shooters as it is to-day. The convict
was a life prisoner, and was sent to
Yuma for highway robbery and murder
at the same time. From a confederate
he obtained a gun after getting outside
the prison, and with this he was able
to kill a rabbit and a small bird on the
first evening of his liberty. These he
ate raw and they were his sole susten
ance for about ten days. He was
tracked more than 100 miles by Yuma
Indian trailers, and they lost all trace
of him in a long, rocky canyon.
A party of mining prospectors found
the remains of a man, wearing the
shreds of a Yuma convict's garb one
day in the foothills over the bordar line
between the United States and Mexico.
The thin starved, mummified bolv ans
wered the description of the Mexican
who had risked the horrors of thi most
savage desert in all the world in the
hope of liberty, and had suffered untold
agonies in. his vain endeavors to get to
freedom.
Reformatory measures are not prac
ticed at the Yuma prison, because
nearly all the prisoners are Mexicans
and half-breeds — Mexicans and In
dians — and their villainous counten
ances show the hard life they have led.
TUost of them are in for horse stealing,
highway robbery and murder. No reg
ular work is demanded of them aside
from such as is necessary to keep the
prison in good condition.
The average length of human life in the
sixteenth century was only eighteen to
twenty years.
is work for the sailing- vessels compe
tition has reduced freights to the lowest
possible margin anrl ships can only be
made to pay by working them with the
most rigid economy. Fancy a vessel
carrying arrain from hero to any part of
Europe for a freight of seven or eight
Continued on Page Twenty-Six.
2122
THE SACRAMENTO VALLEY SAVED FROM DROUGHT
THE Sacramento Vallc- has been
saved from drought.
But the work has not been eas
ily done. It has cost tens of taou
sands of dollars and called for
all the ingenuity that engineers b and
the farmers themselves wore capable of.
Six weeks ago it was feared that the
crops of 200,000 acres would prove a to
tal loss. Three weeks ago, after cer
tain irrigating work had been Btarted,
there was hope and now success is as
sured, although the work is still go
ing on.
In order to fully comprehend the dan
ger that threatened most of the big
farmers in the Sacramento Valley as a
result of our last extraordinary dry
•winter it must be remembered that un
der normal conditions no irrigation
whatever is needed. In fact, the gen
eral annual trouble has been too much
v. .!i>-r, and many big ranches have
enormous pumping plants for the pur
pose of removing this surplus. But this
year things were reversed.
Never before in the history of recla
mation along the banks of the Sacra
GAMBLERS— THEIR WILES, THEIR TOOLS AND THEIR TRADE.
IT was the night after the Brooklyn
Handicap had been won by Orna
ment. A group of men, all "good
fellows," were gossiping in the cor
ridor of a New Turk hotel.
Running along on racing for a time
with stories of great winings and los
ings, the talk finally slipped into stories
of cards and gambling. One man was
a noted manufacturer of playing cards,
yet he had never played a game of
poker in his life. Another was a re
tired gambk-r, now a turf patron of
prominence — Lind he in all his spirting
career had never taken a drink!
There were others present, but they
do not count for this story. They were
good listeners and this is what they
heard :
"Many years ago," said the turf
patron, "I was a partner in a famous
gambling house located in Cincinnati.
No matter now where it was. Perhaps
you can guops its location when 1 tell
what happened.
"One of my partners was a famous
character in his day. He had made big
money in the good old days when the
tiger was festive. There is plenty of
profit in faro. It is a fair game when
'square,' and the percentage, small
and sure, counts invariably for the
bank. With all the good traits pos
THE CHAMPION BAG-PUNCHING DOG IS RIGHT HERE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
DD you ever see a dog light a punching bag?
The most marvelous dog of that kind In the
world is right here in Sun Francisco, ready to
claim the championship against all comers.
His name is "Tip." and he belongs to S. M.
Gibbs of this city. Of course his owner is very
proud of him and tries to keep him at home, but
nevertheless Tip manages to upend a goodly portion of his
time at Woodward's Pavilion, where he gets a chance to
punch the- b
After all it is not very strange that Tip should like
to punch the bag, for he comes of a fighting family. He
Is a full-blooded Irish bull-dog and for generations the
members of his species have folt an uncontrollable de6lro
to wlpo all the other dogo off the face of the earth. Not
that they particularly deMred the earth for their own
use, but they simply objected to having others around.
mento has such a contingency arisen.
Never before in the month of April did
the settlers in the Yolo Basin see such
an expanse of dry land; never before
in the history of the State has there
been one single drop of water conveyed
to the river bottom lands i»f the Sacra
mento for the purposes of irrigation;
yet to-day there are millions upon mil
lions of gallons being poured into the
absorbing sands from Colusa to Contra
Costa. The great fertile valley of the
Sacramento is thirsty' for the first time
in the memory of man.
Not until the present dry spell had
continued well into the month of April
was it that the river farmers began to
look about with apprehension. "When
they did a single glance told them that
something must be done and done
quickly. The first to move against the
withering forces of nature were those
residing on Grand Island, in. what is
known as Reclamation District Xo. 3,
one of the largest, wealthiest and old
est in the State. Twelve thousand
acres on Grand Island in this county
have been saved in one single instance.
sessed by my partner, he had one
mania — that was a 'cheating box.'
"lie did not have the skill or the
nerve to work one, but he bought every
skinning device that came along. If
he is living he probably has a cord of
such things stored away like junk, for
1 would never use one, and know he
never had the courage to work a
crooked box himself. Every now and
thf>n a smooth guy would appear with
t a slick device, and my partner would
rejoice, also buy.
"One day in Chicago I was shown a
new cheating box. It had a hidden
spring lock which would loosen the
side plate and push out two cards at
a time if necessary. I took one of
these boxes to Cincinnati and gave it
to my partner to please him. He was
in a frenzy of delight. He couldn't
sleep for thinking about the money
that crooked box could make for him.
1 wouldn't use it, and he was afraid
to be confidential with any one around
the game. So in a week that box
joined the half ton of similar cheating
devices which he kept locked up. I
don't think, with all his mania for such
things, that the old man ever turned a
trick with such a box. He simply did
not have the nerve. You can never tell
when dealing bank just how smart the
fellows may be on the other side of the
table.
"One night in Chicago a couple of
business men were playing in hard
luck. The 'pikers' were doing quite
THESE PICTURES ORE FROM INSTANTANEOUS PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN ESPECIALLY FOR THE SUNDRY COLL.
It may have been Mr. Gibhs' efforts to check this .trait
of Tip's character that led him to take to bag-punching
as a means of relieving his pent up feeling of combative
ness.
Out in the Mission, where Mr. Gibbs lives. Tip, soon
after his arrival mere over a year ago, took a contract
with himself to exterminate the entire canine population
of the neighborhood. He very nearly succeeded and un
doubtedly would have made a finish of it had not his
owner almost reached a state of bankruptcy through pay
ing for the victims.
This, of course, made it necessary to call a halt, and
Tip was in consequence made acquainted with the re
straining effect of a good, strong chain and given sundry
whippings after he had finished a victim. All or this had
a most discouraging effect on him and for -weeks he wan
dered about feeling .that life was not worth living.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 2(>, 1898.
The novelty of the situation can be
best judged when it is known that the
very means by which the present dry
and thirsty lands are watered were, in
the first instance, intended and design
ed to carry water away. The original
purpose of the great pu»ping plants
on Grand Island has been completely
reversed, 'and instead of pumping the
water out to drain the usually flooded
district they are pumping the water in
to moisten the land that is now parched
and hard.
At a steamboat landing known as
"Hyde" the district has a large pump
ing plant capable of discharging 50,000
gallons of water per minute through
the lino of pipe which empties into the
river at that point. Leading to this
point of discharge is a large canal
which connects with other canals and
small ditches, until 12,000 acres of Land
has been placed under this system,
which ordinarily drains the entire area.
To reverse this and turn the waters
back into the canal and its tributaries
was the problem to be solved, and the
forces of nature solved it. As the land
well, thank you, by keeping away from
the heavy losers, who were playing the
limit. There was frequent objurgation
<>f wrath from the big players, but
swearing at a. queen does not make her
do her duty to a faro fiend.
"Along came a fellow who shuffled
his chips with the abandon and ease
that marked him a professional gam
bler. He played high and lost with
magnificent precision and dispatch. At
last he raised up, yawned and put $111
on a card, saying 'That's my last bet.
I've walked fifty-three miles to-day,
fell down and hurt myself and I guess
I'll quit.' His money was lost and he
got up. But he did not leave. He saun
tered about the room and in a few min
utes the proprietor asked him to step
outside. Then a loser at the table said
to another loser, 'No wonder we don't
v. in. Did you hear what the fellow
said?'
"'Well, what of it?' said the other
loser.
" 'What of it? Why, the game is
crooked. When he said that he had
walked fifty-three miles he meant that
there were fifty-three cards in the box.
We're up against it. The boss has
taken him downstairs to settle.'
"There was a rapid chancre of deal
ers and cards, and that house was soon
in bad favor."
"You know," said the card manu
facturer, "that faro cards are the most
expensive made. They are not only of
the best material, but must be printed
The crops of ? the- Sacra- ;
mento ..Valley were threat
ened with, destruction this
; season on account of the lack
; of ■ rain last winter. In the .
; lower valley and along the
; big stretches of river bottom
• the crops have been saved by
; big v pumping plants on
. barges that forced the water
> over the levees on to the sur
> rounding lowlands. In many
> places the pumps that had
> been used in past seasons to -
• drain the flooded lowlands
• into the river were reversed
. and made to pump the water
from the river on to the
* parched soil. The cut above
9 shows the system that has
J been generally adopted to
J distribute the water.
j Half a dozen big pumps
and scores of smaller ma
|. chines that distribute hun
*■ dreds of thousands of gallons
* a day are still hard at work
5 trying to relieve the dry soil.
J By this simple process hun
* dreds of thousands of dollars
' have been saved to the farm
• ers of this section.
i •--* •-! •->■*! mn •<-) •■■? •?-, me- mo m? »O »O *O •■** •">
very carefully to prevent marking,
scratching or splitting. A card dam
aged so that it leaves a mark is a dan
gerous proposition for a bank dealer.
You have no idea of the complaints
that come to manufacturers about
cards which are susceptible of marking
or accidents which disclose their iden
tity. Not long ago a rich man came to
me and said he was losing at poker
with high-priced cards. He was a busi
ness man and played a stiff game with
other business men two or three nights
a week. He had bought the cards and
kept them locked up in his safe, but in
an outer compartment. In three months
he had lost about $11,000, and was very
tired. I looked over his cards, dealing
them out face down. I threw out card
after card which my practiced eye
showed me had been 'fixed.' Every
one was a court card.
"But how had they been marked?
That was what puzzled us both. An
investigation developed that a negro
servant had access to the safe at tim. s.
He had been bribed by two other so
called gentlemen who sat in the game
to steal the cards out at night, ami
they had adroitly fixed them. They
were quietly threatened with exposure,
and made good. In the cheaper grade
of cards you ran often tell the ace of
spades from the back. This is because
it is so big and black and the impres
sion is so heavy. Yet it takes a trained
eye to make it out.
"A slick card marker will put a mark
But one day Tip wandered into Woodward's Pavilion,
where one of our pugilistic celebrities was in training
punching the bap. He looked, he saw. he comprehended
and in a moment was a changed dog. The world was
brighter to him again.
Watching his chance, when the prize-fighter stopped a
moment to rest, Tip went for the bag with all his strength.
He Jumped, he bit and he punched, and when he became
tired out laid down to rest satisfied, ana once more life
seemrd worth living.
Since that time Tip has made a regular business of bag
punching. In fact he is at it every chance he can get.
His fame is rapidly spreading, and whenevr he is seen
going into the Pavilion a crowd quickly gathers to see the
sport.
It Is a most unusual sight to Bee this dog fight a
punching bag, and It can be seen almost any day. He
3 Inclosed by the levees is lower than the
5 water of the river the engineer of the
? island applied the principle of the
5 siphon, and it worked like a charm.
• While the flow of water from the river
» to the land has not the volume which
• is attained by the pump working In the
. opposite direction, 25,000 gallons per
minute are, nevertheless, conveyed
71 through the siphon, with no force but
' nature, and 12,000 acres of hay and
• grain which were in the sear have been
• revived and a splendid crop has been
5 guaranteed^
• Operations by this system commene
• ed in the month of April, the time when
, they usually begin to work the pumps
° for the purpose of drainage. The ex
' pense is small a,nd the result will be
' most satisfactory. Without it not one
*' acre would have been harvested; as it
• is 12,000 acres will produce a splendid
5 crop.
• The other farmers on the island and
• at other points along the river whose
• lands are too remote from the gigantic
. siphon to be benefited by it have taken
I the same advantage offered by the
1 river's continguity, but have applied it
' in a different way. Instead of a siphon
• they use pumps, which in some in
• stances are operated by portable en
• gines on the river bank, ..hile others
S are run by engines stationed on river
; barges. An illustration of the latter
on a card with a needle puint and be
able to see it every time.
".Many rich clubs buy cards by the
gross and use a new deck for every
game. Cards to be serviceable and
safe should be seasoned just like tim
ber. This is not generally known, but
if you are a constant card player you
should buy a big lot o-f cards and put
them away for three months to dry,
and they become like ivory.
"Talking of marked cards," said the
turf patron, "reminds me of an experi
ence I once had in Cincinnati. A friend
of mine had a saloon and cardroom not
a thousand miles from laghth and Vine
streets. He was fond <:\ 'twenty-one.'
playing for goodly stakes, and made
a very comfortable rake-off. One day
he came to me, and was full of woe.
'There is a man down at my place who
is winning all my money,' was the bur
den of his tale. My friend was con
vinced that the fellow was crooked, but
couldn't prove it. He wanted me to
look on and discover the trick. I asked
what motions the fellow made, and the
description convinced me that he did
no holding out with the old sleeve or
vest game, then dangerously in vogue.
My friend insisted that all his employes
were straight. He would not listen to
a suspicion that they were standing in
with the winner, who was driving my
friend to Longview. I took a few looks
at the fellow in action, but could detect
nothing. Then I was convinced that
the cards were marked. I examined a
uses the regular bag and platform close to the ring in the
middle of the Pavilion, and makes as much noise over his
work as a prize-fighter.
Aside from the fact that the dog should desire such
an amusement, the marvelous part of it ail is that he is
able to punch the bag at all. Such strength and quick
ness and accuracy of eye seem almost incomprehensible.
Tip needs no coaching in order to induce him to fight
the bag. It Is only necessary to put him in the room, and
he invariably jumps for the bag the instant he catches
sight of it.
On the first Jump he bunts it with his Tiose and knocks
it against the platform with a loud whack. Back the bag
comes and bumps against the other Bide, but before it hi
back again Tip is at it with all his strength. His actions
are really a succession of Jumps and blows with his paws.
H« will leave Una ground and describe a half-circle jump.
plan was found m the premises of A.
T. J. Reynolds, who resides on the is
land and who has a pear /orchard of
200 acres that was "so badly in need
of water," raid he to The Call corre
spondent, "that I have pumped in 21,
000,000 gallons of water for six days
and was unable to discover a single
trace of mcnture except in one or two
places."
The pump used by Mr. Reynolds has
a guaranteed capacity of 5000 gallons
per minute, is run by a twenty-four
horse power ' ngine and a continuous
run of twenty-four hours coc s him
about $20.
Twenty-five thousand gallons per
minute will fill a ditch three feet deep
by two wide and when it has been so
filled for a distance of one mile not a
single drop will be found in the ditches
in three hours so rapid is the v jsorp
tion. Mr. Reynolds is a pioneer on the
island and this is the first experience of
the kind he has ever had.
The barge I. G. Merritt from San
Francisco, with two pumps of 20,000
pack with a microscope, but I could dis
cover nothing. Finally I caught on.
The court cards had been slightly con
caved on the edges. An expert manip
ulator could tell them by touch or
glance. How had this outsider man
aged to fix up my friend's cards? I did
a little detective work on my own ac
count, and by asking about town who
was blowing money in the resorts,
found that my friend's barkeeper had
become very much of a good thing ot
late and was going quite a livei> t=pin
in certain localities.
Sure enough, this same bartender had
sneaked the cards out, r, r iv-e.i them to
the crooked player to mark, and, of
course, stood in with the play. There
was a cocktail mixer looking for a job
in a very short time."
•I was in hard luck once in Chicago,"
Bald the turf patron, "and sat around
a gambling house one night to see the
play and curse the fact that I couldn't
join in. I had but $200, and needed it
to live on. A son of the boss was deal
ing, and was stuck on himself. He
had an airy, dudish way of waving his
hands about the table in handing out
checks and gathering them in, and
seenied very vain of his graceful mo
tions. It was a chea^ vanity, but dear
to the house, as he did not watch other
details. I noticed when the cards
came out that the seven spot of clubs
was a bit ragged on the edge. I was
somewhat on the ragged edge myself
that night, and that card had a fine
catching the punching bag midway and knocking It M
hard as if struck by the fist of a strong man.
To describe the actions of the dog is almost impossible.
He seems to be on the ground and in the air at the same
time— up and down, with the rapidity of ligntning so the
eye can hardly keep track of him. And all the time the
bag Is bumping the platform, first on one side and then
on the other.
The length of time that Tip will keep up the bag
punching is marvelous. It would seem as if he would ?et
tired in a few moments, but he doesn't. He has been
known to punch the bag for five minutes at a stretch and
then, after a minute's rest, go at it again as hard as ever.
The accompanying pictures are from snapshot photo
graphs and give an accurate idea of how Tip looks while
going, through his strange performance.
gallons per minute capacity each, has
been put to the same service on the
upper Sacramento River.
While these extensive operations are
being carried on by those who can af
ford them those of smaller possessions,
but with just as much at stake, have
contrivances proportioned to their
means, and from the sprinkling barrel
used to spray infected trees to wind
mills and horse power, are the waters
of the Sacramento River being raised
to the lands along its border. It may
well be said that the drought along the
Sacramento has been conquered.
« m •
Elephants in the Indian army are fed
twice a day. When mealtime arrives
they are drawn up in line before a row
of piles of food. Each animal's break
fast includes ten pounds of raw rice,
done up in five two-pound packages.
The rice is wrapped in leaves and then
tied with grass. At the command "At
tention!" each elephant raises its trunk.
There are 3000 persons in Great Britain
who pay tax on an income of more than
£10,0u0 a year.
fascination for my gambler eye. The
next deal I assumed an easy nonchal
ance and I remarked that the third
seven ought to come out winner. I
had located the ragged edge, and of
course It came out. I had carelessly
put $100 on it, and took cash instead of
chips. I kept my eye on that seven as
it Mas shuffled up, and in the next deal
it came ambling along to win. Another
hundred went down, and I was given
the cash. Two old birds with eyes as
good as mine looked up, looked at me
and then at the dealer. He was so
serenely happy in self-admiration that
he suspected nothing. They did.
"They saw me put another hundred
on that seven, and down they went
with me. It came up smiling every
time, and the check rack Boon looked
like a dismantled Spanish fort.
"I had about $1300 to the good, all on
account of that seven spot, but played
a few small bets on other cards to avert
suspicion. The smart guys did the
same, but never failed to follow my
play on the seven. Then in came the
partner. He saw the big pile of checks
in fmnt of us and was red-headed. We
had another deal, with the same pleas
ant returns from the ragged card, and
then the partner provokingly said to
the dudish dealer: 'Aren't you tired?
Let me deal awhile?' That settled it.
The partner took up the cards, looked
them over, sneered at the young man
and took a fresh pack out of the
drawer. It was time to quit."Liquid Air New St wonder of Science.
MAKING A GEYSER OF THE LIQUID AIR.
BY courtesy of the Cosmopolitan Magazine The Call presents here
the onginal account of the liquefaction of air by Charles E. Trip
ler, the man whose long and patient wor* has made the seemingly
impossible possible.
To aid the reader to understand some of the experiments which
seem so marvelous even to the scientist, Mr. Tripler brought a cubic foot
of liquefied air to the photograph gallery of The Cosmopolitan, and the
Iting illustrations will be found to aid tne reader greatly in un
nding the experiments of which he speaks.
The can contained a cubic foot of liquid, which was colorless, ex
cept perhaps— so it seemed to the imagination— a tinge of that blue which
one finds In the heavens on a perfectly cloudless day. A number of those
who witnessed these experiments could recall that in the standard natural
philosophies, which they nad studied as boys, the statement had been
laid down that the air which we commonly breathe is not capable of be
ing liquefied.
Yet here were eight hundred cubic feet of air compressed into a
cubic foot of liquid held in an uncovered ice cream freezer. Here was
a liquid secured by subjecting the air to thousands of pounds' pressure
but the liquid whicn had been under such dangerous pr-ssure, now rest
ed quietly at the bottom a tin can, requiring no bonds of steel to hold it
■within uounds.
Stranger still, we are presently to see this harmless-looking liquid be
come again the most powerful of agencies when reconfined in a steel cham
ber. And these seeming paradoxes were to be presently thrown into the
shade when Mr. Tripler, taking a cup made of ice, and having poured into
it this liquid with a temperature several hundred degrees below zero pro
ceeded to insert into the liquid air a steel rod which, when set fire to by
means of a common match, sizzled and burned and melted— yet the melt
ing of steel in an ordinary crucible is an operation requiring many hun
dred degrees of heat for its consummation.
It is said that the first ounce of liquid air cost an English laboratory
three thousand dollars for its production. While this was goin* on an
American not content with the mere fact of discovery, sought successfully
to bring the result of hxs experiments to that practical basis which would
place It within the every-day use of the scientific mercantile world. Honor
then to this American who has waved the magic wand and produced results
which open up so broad a field of possibilities. »u«;s
IN describing his marvelous experi
ments Mr. Trlpler said:
"There is i;o such thing in na
ture's laboratory as an absolute
gas, or liquid, or solid; all are rela
tive in temperature. Every substance
upon the earth would become vaporous
if subjected to a heat such as prevails
* In the sun; and there is little doubt
that even the most refractory of gases
lid become congealed into a Bnowy
solid of some sort before reaching that
absolute zero of theory which has thus
far proved unattainable in practi' ■••.
"It is an unquestioned fart that all
the water upon the earth was once va
porous. But ihat the sun's
rays should ultimately lose their power
—as is confidently predicted by many
physicists — and that the earth should
thus become cooled to the temperature
Indicated above. All the water upon Its
surface would then appear as a dry,
brittle mineral resembling quartz, while
the atmosphere would begin to liquefy
fall like dew or rain, forming new
"To me, after the investigations with
which I have been occupied for nearly
years, such a state of affairs is
ncomprebensible n<<r incredi
. the very simplest of my
c experiments gives ripe to
a miniature Niagara of this character.
To produce it I have only to dip up
from the containing vessel about a
quart of liquefied air and slowly pour
it out over the flattened edge of the
cup, ailowing the stream to fall upon
the n"«">r i : ■'■,- cataract appears
forthwith, a remarkably perfect repre
sentation, with foaming waters and
blllo
'Liquid air is simply air such as we
breathe, from which most of the heat,
originally derived from the sun, has
been sxtra< ted. This I am now able to
effect very easily and cheaply by me
chanical means. As a result some 15
minutes after the process i* started a
:, frosty looking liquid begins to
pour down from a tube about an inch
in diameter and speedily fills the re
ceptacle placed beneath to receive it
This rate of production can be main
tained all day if desired. Each cubic
foot of liquid represents nearly 800 cu
bic feet of ordinary air, and in its ex
pansion as it returns to its gaseous
Ftate lies a power of the highest effi
ciency, easy to control, ready to be har
nessed and utilized. Its temperature as
already stated, la about 312 degrees 'be
low zero Fahrenheit.
"If a tumbler be filled with the liquid
From a Photograph.
It bolls vigorously, ■ absorbing a portion
of he heat around it. and at the end of
half an hour has completely disap
peared, ndistingulsfaably mingled with
onfv n » round US ' from %vhich it differs
only in its greater purity.
"For transportation— thus far only
for experimental use-I place the liquid
In a large tin can, or cylinder holding
from three to six gallon*. This I wrap
with a layer of felt, and for protection
'f' n ,f iroUghi roUgh usage, set it Inside a
slightly larger ? an of the same sort
Over the top I ay a thick cushion of
hair felt, which keeps out heat without
preventing free escape of the expand
ing gases. With this simple arrange
noettt I have kept the liquid for 36 hours
and have shipped it from New York to
Washington and to Boston. There is
no difficulty nor danger In handling it.
provided reasonable precaution is used
and the gases are not confined. It can
be dipped up with a tin cup and poured
into almost any sort of dish, like so
much water. If you chance to drop the
dipper however, it will shatter like
thin glassware. It is a curious fact
that this intensity of cold makes Iron
and steel extremely brittle, while it in
creases their tensile strength. This
condition is only temporary, of course
Copper, gold, silver, aluminum, plati
num and most other metals are not so
affected. Neither is leather—
for its use in valves, where it Is exposed
to great cold, is important; but rubber
becomes as friable as so much terra
cotta. I will now give a brief descrip
tion of a few of the most interesting
of the experiments illustrating the
qualities of this extraordinary fluid.
"First, I pour a quantity into a ba-
Bin. Thrust your hand into it. No, I
am not joking. You can touch it with
perfect impunity, provided you with
draw your hand instantly;: you will
only experience a slight sensation of
coolness. In precisely the same way
you might plunge your finger for a
fraction of a second into a pot of mol
ten metal without harm, provided the
finger were moist. '
"All the time that we have been en
gaged in these experiments— indeed,
ever since it was drawn from the pro
ducing . apparatus in my laboratory—
our supply of liquid has been slowly
boiling away. You will observe that it
now; appears quite blue, "as I pour it
out. That is because' the nitrogen, be
ing more volatile, has for the most part
boiled off, leaving, a liquid which is
nearly 75 pcr t cent J oxygen. The process
of separation may. be illustrated in the
following ; manner:
"I set before you a glass flask, filled
with water ' almost -.to the neck. : ; Into
THE SAX FEAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
DIPPING UP THE LIQUID AIR.
Copyright, ISPS, by John Brisben Walker.
From a Photograph.
this I puin an ounce or so of liquid air.
At liitt it lloats, the nitrogen being a
little lighter than water; but as the
nitrogen rapidly vaporizes, the oxygen,
which is slightly heavier than water,
shows a tendency to sink. It gathers
in great azure drops, shaped like in
verted balloons, and as big as marbles,
which betdn to bob downward, hut
quickly boil away. As the water chills,
however, they dive deeper and deeper,
gleaming with iridescent tints, and
finally some of them fairly reach the
bottom before completely disappearing.
"Pouring some of the liquid into a
smooth glass tumbler, I dip the bottom
Into a vessel of water. A thin casing
of ice Immediately forms about it, but
at once begins to crack . ith the in
tense cold. By repeated Immersions,
however, adding coat after coat, I pre
sently get a sort of crackle-ware ice
cup, thick enough to bear handling
after the tumbler upon which it has
been molded has been withdrawn. This
Ice cup I partially fill with a liquid now
largely oyxgen; and when I dip into it
the end of a steel wire to which a
lighted match is fastened, the hard
metal burns explosively, like a fuse,
with a brilliant effusion of sparks, so
that the chilly crystal around it glows
like a lamp.
"It remains to show the explosive
power of this mysterious liquid under
various conditions. I first take a heavy
copper tube about a foot long, sealed at
the lower end, and, having poured in a
few drops of liquid air, hammer a close
ly fitting wooden plug into the orifice.
I have scarcely time to step back be
fore the expanding vapor blows out the
plug with a loud explosion, driving it
against the ceiling with great force; in
the open air I have seen it hurled to a
height of 300 feet. The contiiwcl liquid
has behaved exactly as water would
act in a tube heated white hot.
"Here tin- action is purely mechani
cal, but, by taking advantage of the
intense chemical activity of oxygen, ex
plosions of far --reater violence may be
obt.'iined. To illustrate this, I saturate
in the azure-tinted liquid a wad of oily
cotton waste, and place it in a steel
tube of great strength, open at both
ends. When a spark is applied — which
must be done from a safe distance —
the tube is rent into fragments. If the
wad were first wet - ith turpentine the
explosive force would excec.l that of
guncotton. This compound is. well suit
ed for use in shells or torpedoes, and
might easily be made a destructive
agent of terrible efficiency in war; no
thickness of armor-plate could resist
its ruthless ener" I . Moreover, there
would be no risk in the handling, as it
is not exploded by concussion. It can
be discharged only by the contact with
a spark; the whole effect is produced
by rapid— practically instantaneous—
combustion."
Of liquid aid Mr. Tripler says that
the most obvious application would be
for the purposes of refrigeration. The
possibilities in medicine and surgery are
numerous. By means of this process,
air absolutely free from germs could be
furnished in any amount, and if the
stimulating effect of an excess of oxy
gen were desired it could be had with
out trouble, quite free from the impur
ities which now often make this gas
objectionable. The temperature of hos
pital wards, even in the tropics, could
readily be cooled to any degree pre
scribed by the physicians in charge,
and by keeping the air about yellow fe
ver patients down to the frost point, the
nurses would be perfectly protected
against contagion and the recovery of
the patients themselves facilitated.
Again, the cauterizing cold which liquid
air is capable of producing might be
used in cases of cancer with great ad
vantage, as compared with nitrate of
silver, since while it absolutely de
stroys the flesh to which it is applied its
action is perfectly under control and
can be stopped in an instant. This is
far from being true of lunar caustic. It
is probable, also, that hay fever, asth
ma and even consumption could be
greatly relieved without change of cli
mate by this pure, cold, germless air.
Its possible use as a high explosive
in war has already beon adverted to.
Further, military authorities are al
ready making inquiries as to its appli
cation to the cooling of guns when in
action; and there is no obvious reason
why it should not prove highly effica
cious and of great value in this way.
Still more important, however, will be
its service as a motive force on war
ships — or, indeed, on any ships. It can
be handled with perfect safety in an
ordinary engine, in the same manner
as steam, but without requiring op
pressive heat; for, as we have seen, the
ordinary heat of water is quite suffi
cient. Freed from the necessity of car
rying an immense amount of power
needed, vessels would be able to make
voyages of any length at a speed equal
ing that of the swiftest torpedo boats,
running at a rate of from 40 to 45 miles
per hour. And in submarine boats the
motor itself would supply all the air
required for breathing, abundant, cool
and pure, instead of generating over
powering heat and stifling gases, as is
the case at present.
It is also worth while considering its
MAKING BILLOWY CLOUDS OF MIST WITHOUT WfTTER.
application In connection with the dif
ficult problem of aerial navigation,
which would probably be solved, since
all that is now wanted, practically, is
a motor sufficiently light and strong
and safe. With liquid air no lire would
be needed — the heat of the surrounding
atmosphere would be entirely ade-
THE ABUSE OF OUR SOLDIERS.
Poultney Bigelow, who recently returned from a trip devoted to studying Spain and the Spaniards,
has just completed a visit of the American camps in the Southeast. According to his idea, after comparing
what he has recently seen with the camps and captains of Europe, the brains and patriotism of our army
are crushed by politics and incompetence.
TAMPA, Fla., Saturday.— Do not
laugh, good warrior friends of
the regular army. This is not
written for you. I am address
ing only major generals of recent
creation, and amateur soldiers gen
erally, who are playing havoc with the
health and welfare of our brave army.
The state of that army at Tampa can
be compared to a set of modern electric
machinery dumped upon the beach of
an African Sultan. The machinery is
magnificent, but no one can put it to
gether. At Tampa is an army of inva
sion estimated by the tens of thou
sands. It contains individual men and
officers unequaled fn the armies of Eu
rope for physique, military training
and courage, yet these elements are
rendered impotent because the direc
tion of them is intrusted to men unfit
for command.
Suppose, now, we set to work to turn
the incompetent men out of the army.
It will make a tremendous void, but it
must be done before the army can move
successfully. We must begin at the
top. Who is In command? To-day no
one knows.
Let us determine that immediately.
Let the President name some general
as commander of the troops, and let it
be understood that henceforth he and
he alone shall be held accountable for
the conduct of the campaign. What
would we think of a ship with three or
four captains aboard? Yet our little
army has been distracted for the last
month with half a doian commanders
in chief.
There should, then, be no more back
stairs intrigue against the head of the
army. General Miles would consult
General Schofield if he saw fit, but the
papers would not henceforth be print
ing paragraphs to the effect that the
President was getting advice from
Schofield and Ignoring that of the nom
inal commander of the army.
I do not say that Miles is the best
general in the United States. If a vote
were taken among officers of the regular
service the choice might fall upon Wes
ley Merritt, whom Secretary Alger
has deported to the Philippines. But
any general at the head is better than
this present rule of chaos. Any order
is better than no order. Nothing is
worse for soldiers than to feel that they
are without a leader. Once we have a
head to the army the first thing he will
do. if he has the courage, will be to ap
point a board to inquire into the fitness
for command of the many who have
been recently pushed into high military
places by political or money influence.
This board will weed out perhaps 75
per cent of the total recently appointed,
and that will make room for good men.
After the battle of Jena, in ISO 6, near
ly every fortress commander of Prussia
was court-martialed for cowardice and
incompetency. But that was a mis
take. The one to have been court-mar
tialed was the Klngr, who allowed in
competent old men to remain In office.
No earthly power can give a man
From a Photograph.
quate; and for this reason, and because
there would be no moisture to affect
them, the boilers could be made of pa
per. Aluminum, scarcely heavier than
paper, yet nearly equal to copper in
ductility, could be tided for the coils
and other necessary parts of the
mechanism. The potential applica
By Poultr)ey Bigelow.
Special Correspondent of the London Times.
brains or courage, but there are many
ways of ridding the service of those
who have neither. And this is better
done before a battle than after it.
The armies of Europe have all been
remodeled since the Franco-German
war. The most important element in
their present efficiency is that no of
ficer remains in a givt 1 grade more
than a certain number of years, and
that no promotions take place except
ing after proof of competency. Thus,
if a man has been a captain for a few
years and is not promoted when his
turn comes he is expected to resign for
unfitness.
Now, men of practical business habits
think that the best man t. command a
brigade is the officer who has proved
a good commander of a regiment. So
think all soldiers. But not so our
acephalous War Department in Wash
ington. I see men who left the army
when they were lieutenants now thrust
back again over the heads of officers
who have remained consecutively with
their regiments. I see men made briga
dier generals who on any kind of test
examination would be unfit to take
charge of a company. Can we expect
soldiers to fight with enthusiasm under
generals whom they do not respect?
The French catastrophe at Sedan was
largely due to political Jobbery in the
army. There is a little of this in the
Spanish army, but not so much as in
our own. Besides, in Spain, the soldiers
do not read the papers so freely as
with us, and are not accusto. Ed to our
ways of doing things. In any other
trade than soldiering the men would
Ftrike by reason of the incompetent
bosses placed in charge of their com
fort and safety.
And now for the staff. What Is a
staff? There appears to be a no
tion at Washington that a staff
officer is selected by the gen
eral's wife. with special refer
ence for his capacity for holding a
pnrasol or writing out a French bill of
faro. That is the notion of the staff as
it prevailed in Europe fifty years ago.
To-day we are the only nation, with the
possible exception of the Chinese, who
treat our staff positions as means of
gratifying personal and political
friends. We are preparing disaster for
ourselves.
To-day the staff should be made up of
not merely soldiers In the ordinary
sense, but soldiers who have become
specialist in certain branches of mili
tary knowledge. An army machine to
day is vastly more complicated than it
ever was before, and the mere fighting
it calls for knowledge not readily ac
quired excepting by years of prepara
tion. In the German army officers
who desire to go upon the staff are first
subject to examination for special fit
ness as ordinary soldiers. They must
be highly recommended as men fit to
lead troops in the field. Then, when
they have successfully passed these
tests, they go to a special war college,
where they take what we might call
postgraduate courses, which are in the
nature of an extension of the West
Point course.
When our troops reached the end of
their weary railway Journeys at Tam
pa, Lakeland and Chattanooga they
found that nothing had been done for
their comfort, that the staff officers
tions of liquid air are simply revolu
tionary; it is probable that even elec
tricity is not destined to be of greater
service to mankind. At present, in the
best engines, 90 per cent of the energy
theoretically existing in the coal con
sumed is dissipated. This enormous
loss liquid air will enable us to obviate.
were merely ornamental greenhorns
and that they had to do the best with
out any help. Regiments pitched their
tents without any reference to their
neighbors, and in most cases the col
onels did not get any information as to
where they could draw rations, except
ing by making purchases out of their
own scant pay.
Regiments sent to Tampa have been
handled like cattle on the railways. The
officers in command have had nothing
to say regarding methods of transport
ation, and no staff officers have been
on hand to see that the railway com
panies fulfilled their contracts or treat
ed the men with half the decency ac
corded to horses and cows. In Ger
many during the two last great wars I
well recall the interminable trainloads
of soldiers moving to the front amid
every mark of good will along the line
of travel. At every station were pails
of water, If not beer, offered to the
thirsty men and horses. Sandwiches
and cigars were thrust upon them, not
here and there, but at every halting
place. The men were in the best of
spirits, for they were well cared for,
and, though the journey frequently
lasted many days, the men had chancea
to get a nap now and then on the
benches.
The First United States Infantry was
twelve days coming to Tampa from San.
Francisco. No staff officer accompanied
them, and no one knew what the con
tract was between the United States
Government and the railway which did
the transportation. They were sent at
a time when the Government was
shouting for an immediate invasion of
Cuba, and when, therefore, great speM
was desirable.
That regiment took twelve days to
come. They were handled as freight,
and not even as perishable livestock.
They were shunted for indefinite peri
ods whenever the company saw fit to
make way for more paying if not more
important traffic. No provision w.-sa
made for the men cooking their foo.l nt
regular hours, and in those twelve days
they were treated with a disregard of
comfort that would have been impossi
ble in an emigrant ship.
Nothing that George Kennan has told
me of the treatment of political exiles
in Russia exceeds in brutality the treat
ment of our American soldiers going at
the call of their country to set free :he
patriots of Cuba. This suffering wag
not made necessary by the war. Thera
was no such brutal treatment of sol
diers by Germany in her great war.
What I mention here is the result
merely of ignorance in positions where
ignorance means cruelty.
If we selected for staff officers only
army officers of good military record
we should have none too good a staff.
But to fill up these most important
posts with men who are unfit means to
furnish amateurs with a license to play
with the lives of brave soldiers. We
need staff men who can take charge of
feeding and equipping men in the field.
We need specialists in the matter of
transporting troops. We need men who
are familiar with the needs of war.
To-day our men are sweltering under
their tents, dressed in winter clothing,
while the thermometer is tropical. For
a month they have been in neeed of
suitable clothing. They ask if there is
any one who is looking out for them!
2324
THE SEVENTH MAN
WITH A GROAN HE TURNED AND GOVE CHASE.
IN* A one-roomed hut. high within the Arctic Circle, and
only a little south of the parallel, Bis
were sitting— much as they had sat, evening
evening, for months. They had a clock, and by it
tht-y divided the hours Into day and nlsht. As a mat
ter of fact, it was always nieht. But the clock said
8:30. and they called the tirm- evening.
The hut th an inner skin of rough
match-boarding, daubed with pitch. It measured '.'.
by 14; but opposite the door four bunks— two above and
two below— took, a yard off the length, and this made the
interior exactly square. Each of these bunks had two
doors, with brass latches on the inner side;" so that the
. if he chose, could shut himself up and go t<">
In a s< rule he closed one of therr.
only— that by his feet. The other swung Dack. with its
brass latch 'showing. The men kept these latches in a
high state of pol
Across the angle of the wall, to the left of the door,
and behind it when it opened, three hammocks were slung,
one above the other. No one slept in the uppermost.
Hut the feature of the hut was its fireplace: a:id this
was merely a square hearthstone, raised slightly above
the floor, in the middle of the room. Upon this, a growing
mountain of soft gray ash. the fire burned always. It had
no chimney, and bo the men lost none of Its warmth. Tho
fm'kf ascended steadily and spread itself under the blaek
tne'l beams and roof boards in dense blue layers. But
18 inch's below th>- spring of the roof there ran a
line of small trap doors with sliding panels, to admit the
coM air, and helow these the room was almost clear of
emoke. A new-comer's eyes might have smarted, but
these men stitched their clothes and read in comfort To
keep the up-draft steady they had plugged every chink
nn«l crevice in the match-boarding below th<> trapdoors
with moss, and payed the seams with pitch. The rlre they
fed from a stack of drift and wreck wood piled to the right,
of the door, and fuel for the fetching Btrewed the frozen
outside— whole trees notched into lengths by lum
berer'a axes, and washed thither from they Knew not what
continent. But the wreck wood came from their own ship,
thf- J. R. MacNeill. which had brought them from Dundee.
They were Alexander Williamson of Dundee, better
known as The Gaffer: David Faed. also of Dundee; George
Lashman of Cardiff: Long Ede of Hayle. in Cornwall;
Charles Bilchester, otherwise The Snipe, of Ratcliffe High
way or thereabouts: and Daniel Cooney. shipped at Trom
>: weeks before the wreck, an Irish-Amencan by
birth, and of no known address.
The Gaffer reclined in his bunk, reading by the light of a
Htnoky and evil-smelling lamp. He had been mate of the
J. R. MacXMll. and was now captain as well as patriarch
of the party. He possessed three books— the Bible. Mii
ton's "Paradise Lost," and an odd volume of "The Turk
ish Spy." Just now he was reading "The Turkish Spy."
The lamplight glinted on the rim of his spectacles and on
the silvery hairs in his beard, the slack of which h» had
tucked under the edge of his blanket. His lips moved as
he read, and now and then he broke off to glance mildly
at Faed and the Snipe, who were busy beside the fire with
a greasy pack of cards, or to listen to the peevish grum
bling of Lashman inthe bunk below him.
Lashman had taken to his bed six weeks before -with
scurvy, and complained incessantly, and though they
hardly knew it, these complaints were wearing his com
CURIOSITIES OF TATTOOING AMONG EASTERN PEOPLES.
INDIAN AT WORK TATTOOING. NEW ZEALAND. SPECIMEN OF JAPANESE TATTOOING UPON THE BODY CF A LAI TIAN. NFW PHINPa ua.hau
WEALTHY AMERICAN. GUINEA. HAIDAH. HAIDAH.
TATTOOING has been studied from many points of
view. It Is very widely practiced, and has various
origins. It is due to religious ideas, forms distinc
tive signs among tribes, is offered as a recompense
to the valiant, or. linally. is a true initiation mark
ing the passage from childhood to the adult age.
It is practiced In different ways: by burns which form
scars (as among the Australians); by wlae incisions (as
among the Africans); or, finally, by tine junctures, and In
this case becomes an art. It la from the latter viewpoint
that we deuire to examine it.
The greater tho perfection to which a race has brought
redes' nerves to fiddle-strings — doing the mischief that
cold and bitter hard work and the cruel loneliness had
failed to do. Long Ede lay stretched by the fire. In a bun
dle of skins, reading his only book, the Bible., open now at
the Song of Solomon. Cooney had finished patching a p;ii r
of trousers, and rolled himself In his hammock, whence he
: at the roof and the moonlight streaming up there
through the little trap doors and chivying the layers of
Whenever Lashman broke out lnio fresh quaver
ings "f sell pity, Cooney's hands opened and shutr again,
till the nails dug hard into the palm. He groaned at
length, exasperated beyond endurance.
"Oh. stow it, George! Damn it all. mar!—"
He checked himself sharp and short, repentant and re
buked by the silence of the others. They were good sea
man all,, and tender dealing with a sick shipmate was part
of their code.
Lashman's voice, more querelous than ever, cut Into
the silence like a knife:
"That's it. You've thought it for -weeks, and now you
say it. I've knowed it all along. I'm just an encumbrance.
and the sooner you're shut of me the better, says you. You
needn't to fret. I'll soon be out of It— out there alongside
of Bill—"
"Easy there, matey!" The Snipe glanced over his
Bhoulder and laid his cards face downward. "Here, let me
give the hrd a shake-up. It'll ease ynr."
"It'll make me quiet, you mean. Plucky Seal you care
about f-asin' me, any of yer!"
"Get out with your nonsense. Dan dldr't mean it." The
slipped an arm under the invalid's head and re
arranged the pillow of skins ami gunny bags.
"Let him say it. Let him say he didn't mean it, thi
rotten Irishman!"
Cooney flung a leg wearily over the side of his ham
mock, jerked himself, out, and shuffled across to the sick
man's berth.
"Ay coorse I didn't mane it. It just took me, ye see,
lyin' up yondher and huggin' me thoughts in this—wilder
ness. I swear to ye, George; and yell just w<--t your throat
tv show there's no bad blood, and that ye belave m<?." He
took up a r^nikln from th>- floor beside the bunk, pulled
a hot iron from the lire and stirred the frozen drink. The
invalid turned his shoulder pettishly. "I didn't mane it,"
Cooney repeated. He set down the panlkm and shuffled
■wearily back to his hammock.
The Gaffer blew a long cloud and stared at the fire;
at the smoke mounting and thr- gray ash dropping—drop
ping: at David Faed dealing the cards and licking his
thumb between each. Long Ede shifted from one cramped
elbow to another and pushed his Bible nearer the blaze,
murmuring, "Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil
our vines."
"Full hand." the Snipe announced.
"Ay." David Faed rolled the quid in his cheek. The
cards were so thumbed and tattered that by the backs of
them each player guessed pretty shrewdly what the other
held. Yet they went on playing night after night; the
Snipe shrilly blessing or cursing his luck, the Scotsman
phlegmatic as a bolster.
"Play away, man. What ails ye?" he asked.
The Snipe had dropped both hands to his thighs and
sat ud. stiff and listening.
"Whist! Outside the door. . . ."
All listened. "I hear nothing," said David, after ten
its art, the handsomer will be its tattooing. The Austra
lians are acquainted with the very primitive drawing only.
They trace straight parallel lines or angles upon their
arms and their few utensils. They have not reached the
conception of the polygon, curve or spiral. They are
ignorant of symmetry, alternation, and the various prin
ciples that presideoverthegroupingof ornamental designs.
So their tattooing is rude, and composed simply of a few
parallel or intersecting lines or cf dotted ones. Tha
African worshipers of fetiches, whose art Is very crude,
trace lines and angles, which they repeat in series; but
make very little use of curves.
Opposed to these are tha Polynesians, whose orr.a
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 2G, IS9B.
seconds.
"Hush man-listen! There, again. . . ."
They heard now Cooney slipped down from his ham
mock, stoic to the door and listened, crouching with his
ear close to the jamb. The sound resembled breathing— or
so ne tnought for a moment. Then it seemed rather as if
some creature were softly feeling about the door— softly
fumbling us coating of ice and frozen snow.
Cooney listened. They all listened. Usually, as soon as
they stirred from the scorching circle of the :!re their
breath came from them in clouds. It trickled from them
now in thin wisps of vapor. They could almost hear the
soft gray ash dropping on the hearth.
fK . sputtered. Then the invalid's voice clattered in
•lts the biars— the bears! They've come after Bill
and next it 1! be my turn. I warned you— l told you he
wasn t deep enough. Oh, Lord, have mercy . . " mer
cy .L " *." He P atter ed off into a prayer, his voice and
teeth chattering.
man"hoked on TSSb.** the Gaffer «*""»'' and LaSh '
"It ain't bears." Cooney reported, still with his ear to
the door. Leastwise . . we've had b<?ars before. The
foxes, maybe. . . let me listen."
fo. t!° I:{? Ed " murmured < "Take us the foxes, the little
"I believe you're right." the Gaffer announced cheer
niiiy a bear would sniff louder— though there's no tell
ing. The snow was falling an hour back, and I dessay 'tis
pretty thick outside. If 'tis a bear, we don't want him
fooling on the roof, and I misdoubt the drift by the north
corner is pretty tall by this time. Is he there "still?"
'I felt something then . . . through the chink, here
. . . like a warm breath. It's gone now. Come here.
Snipe, and listen."
"Breath, eh? Did it smell like beer?"
"I don't know. ... I didn't smell nothing, to notice.
Here, put your head down, close."
The Snipe bent his head. And at that moment the door
shook gently. All stared and saw the latch move up, up
.... and falteringly descend on the staple. They heard
the click of it.
The door was secured within by two stout bars.
Against these there had been no pressure. The men waited
a n, ence that ached - But the latch was not lifted again.
The Snipe, kneeling, looked up at Cooney. Cooney
shivered and looked at David Faed. Lone Ede with his
back to the fire, softly shook his feet free of the rugs His
eyes searched for the Gaffer's face. But the old man had
drawn back into the gloom of his bunk, and the lamplight
shone only on a gray fringe of beard. He saw Long Ede's
look^ .though, and answered it quietly as ever.
"Take a brace of guns aloft, and fetch us a look
round. Walt if there's a chance of a shot. The trap
works. I tried it this afternoon with the cu«3 chisel."
Long Ede lighted his pipe, tied down th« ear-pieces of
his cap. lifted a light ladder off its staples and set it
against a roof-beam; then, with the guns under his arm
quietly mounted. His head and shoulders wavered and
grew vague to sight in the smoke wreaths. "Heard any
thing mnre?" he asked. "Nothing sincr." answered the
Snipe. With his shoulder Long E<!" pushed up the trap.
They saw his head framed in a panel of moonlight with
one frosty star above it. He was wriggling through
"Pitch him up a sleeping-bag, somebody." the Gaffer or
dered, and Cooney ran with one.. "Thankee, mate!" said
Long Ede and closed the trap.
They heard his feet stealthily crunching the frozen
stuff across the roof. .He was working toward the eaves
overlapping the door. Their breath tightened. They wait
ed for the explosion of his gun. None came. The crunch-
Ing If san again: it was heard down by the very edee of
the eaves. It mounted to the blunt ridge overhead, then it
ceased.
"He will not have seen aught." David Faefl muttered.
"Listen, you. Listen by the door again." They talked
in whispers. Nothing; there was nothing to be heard
They crept back to the fire and stood there warming them
selves, keeping their eyes on the latch. It did not move
After awhile Cooney slipped off to his hammock; Faed to
his bunk, alongside Lashman's. The Gaffer hacJ picked up
his book again. The Snipe laid a couple of logs on the
blaze, and remained beside it, cowering, with his arms
stretched out as If to embrace it. His shapeless shadow
wavered up and down on the bunks behind him; and
acn.ss the fire, he still stared at the latch.
Suddenly the sick man's voice quavered out —
"It's not him they want— it's Bill! They're after Bill,
nut there! That was Bill trying to get in. . . Why
didn't yer open? It was Bill. I tell yrr!"
At thr- first word the Snipe had wheels right-about
fare, and stood now pointing and shaking like a man with
ague. ,
"Matey . . .for the love of God . . ."
"I won't hush. There's something wrong here to-night.
I can't sloop. It's Bill, I tell yer. See his poor hammock
up there shaking . . ."
Cooney tumbled out with an oath and a thud. "Hush
it. you white-livered swine! Hush it, or by—" His hand
went behind him to his knife-sheath.
"Dan Cooney"— the Gaffer closed his book and leaned
out— "go hack to your bed.''
"T won't, sir. Not unless — "
"Go back."
"Flesh and blood—"
"Go back!" And for the third time that night Cooney
went back.
The Gaffer leaned a little farther over the ledge and
addresser! the sick man.
"George. I went to Bill's grave not six hours agone
The snow on it wasn't even disturbed. Neither beast nor
man, but only God. ran break up the hard earth he lies
under. I tell you that, and you may lay to it. Now go to
sleep."
Lone Ede crouched on the frozen ridge of the hut, with
his feet in the sleeping-bag, his knees "drawn up and the
two guns laid across them. The creature, whatever its
name, that had tried the door, was nowhere to be seen:
but he had decided to wait a few minutes on the chance of
a shot: that is. until the rold should drive him below. For
the moment the clear tingling air was doing him good. The
truth was. Long Ed« had begun to be afraid or himself,
and the way his mind had been running for the last forty
coocooooooooooocoo 000000000
mental art is considerably developed. They know how to
draw curves and spirals; and they combine geometrical
lines in such a way as to obtain harmonious results. So
they tattco very complicated and very beautiful designs.
In Psew Zealand the figures are supercharged with close
and parallel curves, which surround the mouth, nos« and
eyes.
In the Marquesas Islands travelers have admired the
perfection and fineness of the lines of tattooing practiced
there, and in which figures of animals are harmoniously
mixed with geometrical designs, upon the human body as
well as upon sculptured objects. These tattooing designs,
like the ornamental art of the natives, have, according
eight hours upon green fields and visions of spring. A3
he put it to himself, something inside his nead was melt
ing. Biblical texts chattered within him like running
brooks, and as they fleeted he could almost smell the
brown meadow scent. "Take us the foxes, the little
foxes, the little foxes ... for our vines have tender
grapes ... A fountain of gardens, a well of l> vin S
waters, and streams from Lebanon. . . . AwaKe, v
north wind, and come thou south . . . blow upon my
garden, that the spices thereof may flow out . • • " c
was light-headed, and he knew it. He must hold out.
They were all going mad; were, in fact, three parts crazed
already— all except the Gaffer. And the Gaffer relied on
him as his right-hand man. One glimpse ur the returning
sun— a glimpse only— might save them yet.
He gazed over the frozen hills and northward across the
Icepack. A few streaks of pale violet— the ghost of the
Aurora— fronted the moon.— He could see for miles. Bear
or fox— no living creature was'in sight. But who coula
tell what might be hiding behind any of a thousand hum
mocks? He listened. He heard the slow grinding of the
icepack on the beach; only that. Take us the foxes, the
little foxes. . . ."
This would never do. He must climb down and walk
briskly, or return to the hut. Maybe there was a bear,
after all. behind one of the hummocks and a shot, or the
chance of one, would scatter his head clear of these tom
fooling notions. He would have a search around.
What was that, moving ... on a hummock, not 500
yards away. He leaned forward to gaze.
Nothing now, but he had seen something 1 . He lowered
himself to the eaves by the north corner, am': from the
eaves to the drift piled there. The drift was frozen solid,
but for a treacherous crust of fresh snow. His foot
slipped upon this and he slid down of a heap.
Luckily, he had been careful to sling the gv.ns tightly
at his back. He picked himself up. and. unstrapping one,
took a step into the bright moonlight to examine the nip
ples; took two steps, and stood stock still.
There, before him on the frozen coat of snow, was a
footprint. No; two. three, four— many footprints; prints
of a naked human foot; right foot, left foot, both naked,
and blood in each print— a little smear.
It had come, then. He was mad for certain. He saw
them; he put his fingers in them; touched the frozen
blood. The snow before the door was trodden thick with
thr-m— some going, some returning.
"The latch . . . lifted . . ." Suddenly he recalled
the figure he had seen moving upon the hummock, and
with a groan he turned and gave chase. O, he was mad
for certain. He ran like a madman— floundering, slipping,
plunsring, in his clumsy moccasins. "Take us the foxes,
the little foxes. . . . My beloved put in his hand by the
hole in the door, and my bowels were moved for him.
... I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem ... I
charge you ... I charge . . ."
He ran thus for 300 yards, maybe, and then stopped as
suddenly as he had started.
His mates— they must not see these footprints, or they
would go mad. too; mad as he. No, he must cover them
up. all within sight of the hut. And to-morrow he would
come alone and cover those farther afield. Slowly he re
traced his steps. The footprints— those which pointed
toward the hut and those which pointed away from it —
lay close together; and he knelt before each, breaking
fresh snow over the hollows and carefully hiding the
blood. And now a great happiness filled his heart, inter
rupted once or twice as he" worked by a feeling that some
one was following and watching him. Once he turned
northward and gazed, making a telescope of his hands.
He saw nothing and fell again to his long task.
Within the hut the sick man cried softly to himself.
Faed, the Snipe, and Cooney. slept uneasily, and muttered
in their dreams. The Gaffer lay awake, thinking. After
Bill. George Lashman. and after George . . . ? Who
next? And who would be the last— the unburied one?
The men were weakening fast; their wits and courage
coming down at the last with a rush. Faed and Long
Ede were the only two to be depended on for a day. The
Gaffer liked Long Ede. who was a. religious man. Indeed,
he had a crowing suspicion that Long Ede. In spite of
some amiable laxitips of belief, was numbered among the
elect, or mipht b<\ if interceded for. The Gaffer began to
intercede for him silently, but experience had tau^nt him
that such "wrestlings" to be effective must be noisy, and
he dropped off to sleep with a sense of failure. . . .
The Snipe stretched himself, yawned and awoke. Tt
was 7 in the morning; time to prepare a cup of tea. He
tossed an armful of Ings on the fire, and the noise awoke
the Gaffer, who at once inquired for Lone Ede. He had
not returned. "Go you up to the roof. The lad must be
frozen." The Snipe climbed the ladder, pushed open the
trap, and came back, reporting that Loner Ede was no
where to be seen. The old man slipped a jumper over his
suits of clothing— already three deep— reached for a gun
and moved for the door. "Take a cup of something warm
to fortify." the Snine advised. "The kettle won't be five
minutes boiling." But the Gaffer pushed up the heavy
bolts and dragged the door open.
"Lnsh me! Here, bear a hand, lads!"
T.org Ede lay prone before the threshold, his out
stretched hands almost touching it, his moccasins al
ready covered out of sight by the powdery snow which
ran and trickled incessantly— trickled between his long
disheveled locks and over the back of his gloves, and ran
in a thin stream past the Gaffer's feet.
They carried him in and laid him on a heap of skins by
the fire. They forced rum between his clenched teeth and
beat his hnnds and feet, and kneaded and rubbed him.
A sigh fluttered on his lips; something between a sieh
and a smile, half seen, half heard. His eyes opened, and
they saw that it was really a smile.
"Wot cheer, mate?" Tt was the Snipe who asked.
"I— l seen . . ." The voice broke on, but he was smil
ing still.
What had he seen? Not the sun. surely. By the Gaffer's
reckoning the sun would not be due for a week or two yet;
how many weeks he could not say precisely — and some
times he was glad enough he did not know.
They forced him to drink a couple of spoonfuls of rum
and wrapped him up warmly. Every man contributed
BOrne of his own bedding. Then the Gaffer called to
morning prayers, and the three sound men dropped on
their knees with him. Now, whether by reason of their
joy at Long Ede's recovery, or because "the old man was
in splendid voice, they felt their hearts uplifted that
morning with a cheerfulness they had not known for
months. Long Ede lay and listened dreamily while the
passion of the Gaffer's thankfulness shook the hut. His
gaze wandered over their bowed forms— "The Gaffer
David Faed, Dan Oooney, the Snipe and— George Lash
man in the bunk, of course — and me." But. then, who
was the seventh? He began to count. There's myself
Lashman, in his bunk— David Faed. the Gaffer the
Snipe. Dan Cooney . . . One. two, three, four— well, but
that made seven. Then who was the seventh? Was it
George who had crawled out of bed and was kneeling
there? Decidedly there were five kneeling. No- there
was George, plain enough, in his berth, and not able to
move. Then who was the stranger? Wrong again: there
was no stranger. He knew all these men— they were his
mates. Was if— Bill? No. Bill was dead and buried; none
of these was Bill, or like Bill. THr again— one, two, three
four, five— and us two sick men— seven. The Gaffer'
David Faed. Dan Cooney— have I counted Dan twice?
No. that's Dan yonder to the right, and only one of him
Five men kneeling and two on their backs; that makes
seven every time. Dear God— suppose— "
000 GO QOQQQQ®®® SOOQQOQOQOO
to the testimony of travelers, varied since the discovery
of these Islands. *
The ornamental art of New Guinea 1b highly developed
but tmtooing Is not much practiced. However, tne women
of the Motu tribe tattoo themselves, and do It with a
perfection that cede 3ln nothing to the art as practiced
The Americans have tausht us to admire the very
original art of the Haldah. a people of Colombia who
represent man and the animals according to regular
curves that give them the appearance of geometrical
designs. Their tattooing is,in every respect Jlke the desist
which they sculpture upon wood, andit fufflces to aef I
The Gaffer ceased, and in the act of rising caught sight
Ede's face. While the others fetcned their break
fast cans, he stepped over and bent and whispered:
"Tell me, ye" seen what .'
v^en O X?" ce s ce p CC e h a°k dlow-wd low-wa 3 it the 8 un?"
••The s— ." But this time the echo died on his lips, and
his face grew full of awe uncomprehending. It frightened
"Yell be the better of a snatch of sleep " said he. and
he turned to go. when Long Ede stirred a hand under the
edge of his rugs. (
"Seven— count," he whispered. m
■ "Lord have mercy on us," the Gaffer muttered to his
beard as he moved away. "Long Hide gone crazed.
And vet. though an hour or two ago this was the worst
that could have befallen, the Gaffer felt unusually cheer
ful. As for the others, tiny were like different men all
that day and through the throe days that followed. Even
Lashman ceased to complain, and, unless their eyea
played them a trick, had taken a turn for the setter. "I
declare, if I don't feel like pitching to sing: the Snipe
announced on the : second evening, as much to nia own
wonder as to theirs. "Then why in thunder con t you
strike up?" answered Dan Cooney, and fetched his con
certina. The Snipe struck up then and there, "Vilhk!r.s
and his Dinah." What is more, the Gaffer looked up from
his "Paradise Lost" and joined the chorus.
By the end of the second day Long Boe was up and
HIS HEAD AND SHOULDERS WAVEREL
AND GREW VAGUE IN "RJE SAIOKE
WREATHS.
about again. He went about with a dazed look in hla
eyes. He was counting, counting to himself — always
counting. The Gaffer watched him furtively.
Since his recovery, though his lips moved frequently,
Long Ede had scarcely uttered a. word. But toward noon
on the fourth day he said an extraordinary thing.
"There's that sleeping bag I took with me the other
night. I wonder if It's on the roof still. It will be frozen
pretty stiff by this. You might nip up and see, Snipe"—
he paused— "if you lind it, stow it up yonder on Bill's
hammock."
The Gaffer opened his mouth, br.t shut it again without
speaking. The Snipe weni up the ladder.
A minute passed, and then they heard a cry from the
roof— a cry that fetched them all trembling, choking,
weeping, cheering, to the foot of the ladder:
"Boys! boys! the sun"'
Months later— it was June, and even George Lashman
had recovered his strength — the Snipe came running with
news of the whaling fleot. And on th« beach, as they
A-atched the vessels come to anchor. Long Ede told tha
Gaffer his story. "It was a hall— a hallu— what d'ye call
it— l reckon. I was crazed, eh?" The Garters eyes wan
dered from a brambling hopping about the lichen-covered
boulders and away to the sea fowl wheeling above the
ships; and then came to his mind a tale he had read once
in the "Turkish Spy." "I wouldn't say just that." he an
swered, slowly. -;Any way. 1 said Long Ede. "I believe
the Lord sent a miracle to us to save us all " "I wouldn't
say just that, either." the Gaffer objected. "I doubt' it
was meant .lust for you and me, and the rest were pre
sairved, as you say. inceedentally."
Copyright, IMJS, by Arthur Quiller Crouch.
0000000000000000 0 00 00090
specimen of It in order to recognize it among a thousand
-Tattooing, therefore,- constitutes an artistic manifesta
tion, and not one of the least, of primitive races. It even
happens that, as ' regards ; the ; Guanches of the Canary
Islands, it is \ the principal ; art :of this race that remains
to us. These people did t not tattoo themselves in the
proper sense of the word (which signifies a puncture of tn«
skin into, which :a^ coloring substance is introduced), but
printed designs > upon the body : by means of matrices or
'- plntaderos. , The Museum ,of Lv Palmas ' (Canary
Islands) s possesses *a r tine collection of these matrices in
which can see what was-, the ornamental art of this
race. > which has ; cow ? disajaucaxefl, ■The rush Is so great that the men carrying their outfits to the summit form a regular procession, stepping in each others footprints. Occasionally a
man steps aside to rest, but the procession keeps moving incessantly. Byconstant walking a man with his pack may now reach the top in about forty-five
minutes. At the summit he leaves his pack and returns for another load. In returning to the flat some of the men sit upon a sack and toboggan down in
about six minutes. The trolleys seen in the picture are the new lines used for carrying freight baskets to the summit.
The picture is drawn from a photograph taken by The Call's special Alaskan correspondent.
BAKER'S DEATH AT BALLS BLUFF.
Colonel Baker was at the head of the California Volunteers? in this atack and the action described by one of the par
ticipants gives a very vivid idea of the stubbornness of the contest. Colonel Baker was one of the best known Cali
fornians at the time.
TO fully understand the situation
of affairs which led up to the
battle of Ball's Bluff, reference
must be made to events which
Immediately preceded that bloody
• . encounter. The Confederates
were flushed with the victory gained at
Bull Run a few months previous and
the Union forces were correspondingly
depressed. The Southern forces had
made numerous significant small raids
into Maryland and West Virginia, un
til McClellan, Rosecrans and Garfield
sobered them by defeat McClellan, al
ways cautious, was at that time en
gaged in the herculean task of creating
an army out of the rabble of Bull Run
reinforced by a vast number of green
volunteers.
Knowing that unless the raids were
checked they would grow in force un
der the skilled and enterprising Con-
federate commanders, McClellan has
tened the organisation of his troops
and stationed numerically strong corps
at vulnerable points along the upper
Potomac River as a cover to Wash
ington, which was the Confederate
goal, and which could be taken if Mc-
Clellan's lines could be crushed at some
vital point. The Immediate southern
front of Washington was too quickly
strengthened with earthworks and
large bodies of troops for the probable
success of such a dash, but such a re
sult might be possible at the more vul
nerable points on the upper Potomac.
The corps of observation was a large
division which occupied the Maryland
side of the Potomac for some thirty
miles, covering one of the largest and
easiest of Washington's "back doors."
It was under the command of General
Charles P. Stone, a skillful Massachu
setts officer of the regular army, with
a brilliant Mexican war record, whose
headquarters were at Poolesville, some
few miles back from Edwards' and
Conrad's ferries, both of which he
protected by mixed infantry and artil
lery pickets. Across the Potomac,
some three miles away, lay the aristo
cratic, wealthy and, more important
still, strategically valuable town of
Leesburg, the center of a network of
roads extending west into the Shenan
doah Valley, south into the great val
ley of Virginia (meaning Richmond
and communications), and eastward to
the Potomac below Washington.
The Confederates held Leesburg with
a fairly strong force, easily reinforcea
ble from the main army of Virginia,
centering at Manassas Junction to the
south. In their hands Leesburg was a
daily and hourly center of large and
small movements and might, at a day's
notice, be the grand base for handling
an army corps to be launched at Mary
land and Pennsylvania cities and rail
roads, or Washington Itself. Therefore
it was a standing menace to McClel
lan. In McClellan's hands it meant the
clearing of all Northern Virginia of
raiding parties and forcing the enemy
back upon his main lines, but more
important yet, it would be a fatal fac
tor upon the right flank of any Confed
erate column passing northward up the
great Shenandoah "* r "llev. over into
Maryland and Pennsylvania, as Lee.
and Jackson passed later toward An
tietam and Gettysburg, and the cav
alry into the rich York Valley of Penn
sylvania more than once, capturing and
destroying troops and supplies, and
striking at Washington on one hand
and at West Virginia on the other.
Accordingly, in October, 1861, General
McCall, a veteran officer, with 30,000
men, left the outer defenses of Wash
ington on the Virginia side arid by a
rapid, well-executed movement reached
Dranesville. At once every Confederate
knew that Leesburg lying straight
westerly from Dranesvilie, was the ob
jective point. . '
General Stone was to co-operate by
a movement of his division across the
Potomac, occupy Leesburg: and ;to hold
it if possible and at least create: a di
version sufficient to make -^jjjgCaU's
movement a certain success, 1u make
this crossing of General Stone's divis
ion rapidly it was necessary to occupy
simultaneously several of the ferries
covering the space of some miles. The
usual fiat scow, propelled by 4 poles,
which constituted the regulation Vir
ginia "ferry," was, of course, wholly in
adequate for any quick crossing of
numbers. General Stone, however, had
been assured upon the point and that
the utmost needful number of * boats
would be furnished him
■R, T^ r. day b , efore the battle of Balls
Bluff General Stone came to the artil
lery picket Of the New York Battery at
Conrad's ferry, and calling me the
lieutenant in command of the eection
STAMPEDE OF MINERS OND ADVENTURERS OVER CHILCOOT POSS.
By an eye witness, W. M. BRAMhJALL
(two guns), rode slowly along the river
bank. As we progressed he told me
that in view of any crossing we might
attempt if we ever snould (so discreet
is a good commander) he would show
me minutely every feature of the land
on both the Maryland and the Virginia
Fides, the river itself and the long
islani a little down stream known as
Harrison's Island, and whicn divided
the river into two unequal parts. He
was so explicit as to how each detail
was to be carried out that it was im
pressed even on my green mind that
something was going to happen in a
short time. At a certain point he
showed me the exact place to embark
our funs and we did embark them there
on the morrow. He seemed uneasy and
though saying that all needful boats
would be on hand the event proved that
that was the precise reason for his un
easiness, for the boats never came at
all.
The general left me at our camp on
our return and ordered that all the men
be kept within camp limits, whereby I
knew something was going to happen
at once, -^nd we were not surprised
when two companies of Massachusetts
Volunteers marched to the river during
the night, nor at the lively fusillade we
heard an hour or so later after Captain
Philbrick drove the enemy's pickets in
and pushed them rapidly up to Lees
burg. There re-enforcements forced
Philbrick back slowly. He fought coolly
and resisted stubbornly to gain time,
availing himself of timber and hillocks
to make repeated stands, so that when
he was forced quite back to the river
he found enough men of the Sixteenth,
Nineteenth and Twentieth Massachu
setts, Baker's California Regiment and
Cogswell's Tammany (New York) Regi
ment to hold the position. These troops
had been steadily poured into the place
and took a scow across the other
branch of the river, landing at the foot
of the precipitous, thickly wooded bluff
called Balls Bluff.
Up this infantry scrambled, until, be
fore noon, about 1900 troops were in a
well chosen and welboceupied position,
awaiting the arrival of General Baker.
With the first of the main body of the
infantry went gallant young Lieuten
ant French of the regular artillery with
his two mountain howitzers. General
Stone crossed with one or more bri
gades at Edward's ferry, some four or
five miles further down the stream.
Soon, a strong attack was made hy
the enemy under the command of the
veteran general, "Shanks" Evans, rein
forced by troops from Leesburg. The
fighting, though in the woods, was very
hot.
During the morning an orderly reach
ed us with orders to report at once to
General Baker at the crossing place on
the Maryland side, and we were soon
there. The scene was intensely excit
irfg. The one solitary scow was mak
ing slow trips carrying loads of eager
infantry over toward Virginia and
bringing back loads of wounded and
dead soldiers.
Colonel Baker, though outwardly
calm, and giving impromptu orders
with the steady coolness of the old ?ol
dier and frontiersman, was inward
ly raging, for the fight across the river
on the bluff was growing hotter and
hotter. He saw that the wounded were
accumulating faster than reinforce
ments could replace them, that Evans
was receiving heavy reinforcements,
and that he, Baker, was on the wrong
side of the river for a commanding
general who meant to fight. Calling
the artillery officers he ordered the
guns to cross before any more infantry,
for word came that French was
wounded seriously as were most of his
men who were not killed outright, and
the two mounted howitzers had stopped
barking.
Discovering that I was ranking first
lieutenant, he gave me the charge of
embarking the artillery and went him
self over to the battle. Upon arriving
at the foot of the bluff, it was found so
steep that we dismounted the one gun
and pulled, pushed, slided and somehow
got it to the top of the bluff.
There was a lull In the volley firing,
though a steady crack of sharpshoot
ers' guns from behind trees and out of
their tops denoted that the Mississippi
riflemen who had been placed there to
pick off our officers were doing their
work. Baker, cool, collected, but with
eyes of flame, was everywhere. His
was a notable figure, tall though rather
portly, but erect and soldierly. His uni
form sat well upon his manly form and
distinguished him from the volunteer
officers, who seemed out of place in the
misfit clothes. His bright color and
beautiful white hair made him a con
spicuous mark for the Mississlppians'
fire as well as for the loving recognition
of his beloved Californians and all of
his brigade.
But his mind was calm and clear, hla
perception instantaneous and accurate
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
and he divined that Evans was working
round our flanks with numbers which
now greatly exceeded ours. So Baker,
going himself and sending others,
threw out strong bodies on each flank,
when, his disposition made, he quietly
awaited what he knew was coming,
namely, a rush in front by brigades and
a steady squeeze of regiments on each
flank. As part of the disposition of his
troops, he, beckoning me to follow, ad
vanced calmly to the front in the rec
tangular clearing of a few acres which
was surrounded on all sides by large
timber, and which being the only open
ground was necessarily the principal
fighting ground.
He asked my opinion kindly, as an old
officer to a young one, whether a cer
tain position in front of the center of
our line and some yards in advance of
it, with a slight roll of the ground, sug
gesting the idea of shelter, would do.
It was all alike to me. Anything would
do for the little I knew. We were soon
in battery, and by his order— he
meant to force the fighting and inter
rupt that heavy reinforcement which
Evans was bringing on our flanks— we
opened on the woods in front. In a
second, all the "bottomless pit" seem
ed to open in front and on both sides
of us, and before ten rounds were fired
the gun was silent, with all but two
of the men killed or wounded.
Baker, now bareheaded, hav
ing thrown his hat away,
sprang to the gun, call
ing for volunteers and
immediately took post
to load or ram (I for
get which), and Cogs
well, Lee and Hincks,
lieu tenant colonels
and majors — I am
pained to have for
gotten their illustrious
titles — carried ammu
nition, sponged, load
ed, rammed and fired
till, when nearly all
the ammunition was
gone, a frightful vol
ley on one flank, fol
lowed by our line
crumpling up there
under heavy charge,
across and all tangled
up with our front
lines, stopped their
firing. Baker's orders
flew fast and clear.
Colonels rushed to
their regiments, the
crushed flank was reformed ana re
enforced and presently Evans' men
went back, whirling just as ours had
done. Then the same thing occurred
on the other flank, with the same
pventful result. But Baker's men were
melting away much faster than re-en
forcements could arrive, while Evans
had all the Confederate army to draw
upon, as McCall had been recalled
without Stone having been notified.
It was a question of staying to be
killed, surrendering or cutting our way
out. A brigade was coming at us.
Baker calmly ordered the charge and
in an instant was dead before us, rid
dled with bullets.
A wild fight with bayonets, clubbed
muskets and bare hands, with the en
emy now in among us, his men, who
loved him in life, saved his dear body
in death and bore it off the field.
W. M. BRAMHALL.
CARING FOR A CAMERA IN THE
KLONDIKE.
SINCE the return of hundreds of
men who took cameras with them
to Alaska last winter there has
been great lamentation at the
small number of pictures produced.
Not that the exposures were not made,
but successes were so few. One man
who recently took rolls of 300 films to a
well known photographer to develop
failed to get a single picture except on
those exposed during the fall of last
year.
"The shutter didn't work very well,"
he said, by way of explaining the bad
results.
And that has been the universal com
plaint.
But how could the shutter be expect
ed to work when it was not treated
right? Of course that was the cause of
the trouble, for most of the unruly
shutters have worked perfectly since
being brought back.
In this connection a little timely ad
vice to those contemplating taking a
camera to the Klondike next winter
will prove very valuable. An old pho
tographer who haa spent two winters
in Manitoba, where it gets as cold as
it does in Alaska, says the best thing
to do is to get a shutter without a
spiral spring. Or, better still, don't use
a shutter at all, but make all exposure.
except when there are moving objects,
with the cap.
Which advice is very pood, provid
ing it is a professional who is going
to do the work. Straight spring shut
ters are hard to handle, and to use the
cap requires great skill at judging
time. The amateur can only use the
spiral spring shutter such as is put
into most hand cameras.
In order to make this work prop
erly and accurately in very cold
weather one important bit of common
sense is necessary. And this is:
NEVER TAKE YOUR CAMERA
INTO A WARM ROOM. Leave it in
its case out in the snow if you can do
no better.
The physical conditions that indicate
this are very pimple. Suppose the cam
era is in perfect condition and has
been used satisfactorily out in a t'jm
perature of about 20 below zero. It
must follow that the spiral spring must
soon become of the same temperature,
But this does not affect it, providing no
dampness strikes it.
But suppose the cold spring be car
ried into a warm room, which is sure
to be moist. Instantly this moisture
condenses on the cold spring, the
same as the drops collect on the
outside of a pitcher of ice
water on a summer day.
Even in this there is no
harm, for it will be
found that the shut
ter, with th* con
densed moisture
still clinging
to the spiral
spring be
carried
out of
\
o
doors
H-t once
it freezes
and fails to
you have to use
a spiral spring
shutter fix up a place
where you can leave it
out of doors all winter.
Zero temperature will not
hurt it if it is kept dry.
RUSH OF BOAT BUILDING ABBOTT COVE, LOKE BENNETT. THIS IS THE GREfIT FEATURE OF THE STAMPEDE ON!
THE OTHER SIOE OF THE SUMMIT.
Drawn from a photograph taken by The Call's Bpecial Alaskan correspondent.
OVER THE CHILCOOT PASS
ON A WHISTLING TROLLEY
Up-to-Date .Methods Used by the Spring Stampede of Cold-
JHunters Into the Klondike.
NEVER before in the history of
the world has so much inventive
ingenuity been devoted to the
transportation problem as has
been done In conquering the
Chilcoot Pass.
The problem that confronted the In- .
ventors is unparalleled. An icy wall
,- over a thousand feet high and thou
sands of tons of freight -waiting to be
hauled to the top. The owners of the
freight ready a.nd willing to pay almost
any price providing the freight was
moved quickly.
There was no time to figure on put
ting up an elaborate plant. Something
must be produced that could be erected
in a few weeks, with inexpensive ma
terial, and at the same time be prac
tical. There was thousands of dollars
rt to back any idea that seemed
feasible.
As usual, American inventors have
proved themselves equal to the occa
sion, for the result of a few months'
work is the creation of the most mar
velous transportation devices in exist
ence. Engineers of the Old World stand
aghast at such daring originaJity, such
bold and practical application of the
most simple principles.
And when the "roads" were in work
ing order such scenes were enacted on
the icy slopes of grim Chilcoot as were
never before witnessed in the history of
the world, and most likely never will
be again. The descriptions of the
scenes, even when from the lips of
those who were there, hardly seem real.
And yet no writer of romance ever
penned anything half so wonderful.
Mr. P. Bernhard, whose residence is
510 Fulton street, this city, is one of the
very few men who left San Francisco
this year, went over the Chilcoot Pass
as far as Lake Bennett, and came back
again. Mr. Bernhard's return was to
get medical treatment, and he made the
round trip from this city in a little over
eight weeks. He is now in good health
soon go
back to
Alaska. I
reached the bot
tom of Chilcoot
Pass early In April,"
Faid Mr. Bernhard,
when speaking of his trip,
"and was so surprised at the
many things I saw that I hard
ly knew what to do. It was right
in the height of the rush. Such
crowds of gold hunters and such
piles of freight, such apparent confu
sion, % and yet everything going on as
smooth as possible.
"There was a party of seven of us all
bound for Dawson. and not one of us
knew anything about the kind of life
we were thrown into. But it didn't
take us long to learn, because we were
willing to take advantage of other peo
ple's experience. Trolley roads, ice
stairs, slides, packers and customs offi
cers were the principal problems that
confronted us.
"We found four trolley roads over the
Chiicoot Pass and a couple of slides
for sleds. We had plenty to choose
from for the transportation of our
goods.
"The most wonderful of these roads
was the one called the 'Scales' road. It
simply carried goods from the bottom
of the pass to the top. All there was
to it was a heavy cable stretched from
the top of the pass to the bottom. On
this cable were buckets, swung onto
wheels, that were hauled to the top of
the pass by a steam engine. There
were two buckets and each could carry
about 500 pounds. They made the round
trip in about fifteen minutes and were
kept busy all cay long. There were no
supports to this cable, except at the
ends, and in one place it swung about
300 feet above the ground. This cable
road charged 5 cents a pound to take
freight from the bottom of the pass to
the top.
"The other big trolley road was
known as the Dyea and Klondike
Transportation Company and made^ a
business of carrying goods from Can
yon City to Lake Lindermann, for
which they charged 7% cents a pound.
This road was laid on poles about fifty
feet high and the boxes ran on a wire
cable in the same manner as on the
Scales road. Each box could carry 100
pounds and they had hundreds of
boxes. The goods were carried in the
boxes only as far as the summit, when
the company transferred them to pack
ers who took them to Lake Bennett.
"The other cable road was much the
same as the others, except that it ran
close to the ground and .was quite
slow. This was worked by a gasoline
engine.
"The fourth contrivance was simply
a pulley drum and gasoline engine at
the summit of the pass and enough
rope to reach the bottom. Sleds were
hitched onto this rope, which was
wound around the drum, and it pulled
to the
top. For
this service
4 cents a pound
was charged.
There were also a
number of other
schemes of a similar
character, but all working
about the same way and
charging about the same for
service. Plenty of Indians were
loafing around, anxious to carry
freight for any sum they could get.
Their business has been abso
lutely ruined, but they have only
themselves to blame for it. Those
that do get work make it a
point to carry all they can possibly
lift. I have seen some fellows going
up the trail as easily as if they were
empty handed, with six sacks of flour
on their back. Whenever a man gets
hold of some light stuff he fastens it
on some way, even if it makes a bun
dle three times his own size.
"After considering all these plans we
determined to do our own carrying.
We figured that we could save about
$75 by the operation. And we suc
ceeded in about three days and I en
joyed my part of it. First we sledded
all our goods from Dyea to Sheep
Camp. Then we took them all to the
Scales and commenced the climb. Of
course it meant several trips up and
down the pass.
"By taking our place in the line of
men climbing the pass it would take
from thirty-five to forty-five minutes
to reach the top if we didn't stop to
rest. Some men took several hours to
reach the top. They could go only a
few hundred steps, when they would
have to stop and rest. How such men
could expect to stand the hardships of
the country Is more than I can under
stand.
"After we had one load of stuff at
the top and went back for another we
had our fun. Of course, the snow
hadn't even started to melt and walk
ing down was bad. To overcome this
we simply slid down.
"The surface is too steep and slip
pery for a sled or anything hard, so I
used to take a bundle of grain sacks
and tie them together, so as to make
a soft seat. Placing these under me
I would push off from the top and slide
into space like lightning. The first
time I tried it I wished I was back as
soon as I started, but after a short dis
tance I began to feel the exhilaration
of it and it was fine. There was a
good deal of bumping, but the sacks
saved any hard shocks and I flew alongr
like lightning. I tell you it was fine.
It used to take bout six minutes to
go from top to bottom. I enjoyed
every trip I made.
"When we had all our stuff at the
top our next problem was the British
customs officers. But we had been
told what to do and really had no trou
ble and got off easy. We made out a
list of our stuff, item for item, but did
more than a
third. Taking:
this to an officer I
pointed out our pile of
goods and handed him
the list. "Without even
looking at our stuff he did a
little multiplication and said,
'Twenty dollars and 40 cents.' I
paid the money in exact change,
but before handing me a receipt he
said, 'Now $5 for sinkerage.'
"Handing over $5 I asked him what
'sinkerage' was.
" 'For this,' he answered, as h»
dropped it into his own pocket. Of
course I said nothing, but took the re
ceipt, knowing that we were about $50
ahead of the Canadian treasury aB it
was. A man who was just behind me
refused to pay sinkerage and the of
ficial simply made him open his pack
age and he had to pay about $50, when
he could have gotten off with $25.
"When we reached Lake Bennett th«
boat building as at its greatest How
many m n were there I cannot tell,
but the country _or over a surface of
several square miles was simply cov
ered with boats in various stages' ofj
completion. And the hammering and
the sawing. I can hear It yet. I am
sure no boom cit. ever created such a
noise. From a t* stance it was a dull*
roar and near by it was simply deaf-|
ening.
"It was while we were going down,
the slope to Lake Lindermann that'
I got hurt by a sled running into me.'
But I kept on and went as far as Lake
Bennett before I was compelled to take
to my bed. A complication of trou-i
bles then set in and I had to go back;
to Lindermann for medical treatment, j
"When I was able the doctor advised!
me to go back to San Francisco for a
slight operation. I didn't slide down,
Chilcoot this time, but I got here all
right and am all well now. You will]
see me back In Alaska soon. I wish
I was there now, for it is the liveliest'
place on earth."
» ♦ t
Troy, with the ruins Schllemanri
explored, has been presented to tho
Imperial Osmanic Museum of Antiqui
ties at Constantinople by the owner of
Hlssarlik, the Englishman, Frank CaK
verley.
2526
r
SOCIETY
Country delights and the Joys of out
door life claim for the present society's
entire attention.
Those who still linger in town devote
their time to the duties of the Red Cross
and plot and plan for new and entertain
ing means to swell the society's coffers.
A lawn party will be given In San Ra
fael on Saturday, July 2, from 3 to 7, for
the benefit of the Hospital for Children. J
under the supervision of Mrs. Fred Green
and Miss Hoffman. Guests will be able
to see the start of the paper chase from
the Hotel Rafael, and the finish will be
in front of the residence of Sidney V.
Smith, where the lawn party will be held.
Jhevj're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Hart announce the en
gagement of their daughter Sadie to
"Jack" Dlxon.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Gosliner of 12C5 Eddy
street announce the engagement uf their
daughter Hannah to M. Abrams of this
city.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Anner announce the
engagement of their daughter Bessie to
Abe Marks. At horn.; at 727 McAllister
street July 3.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Handee Goldtree of this city and L. A.
Blockman of San Diego. They will re
ceive to-day at S3O Eddy street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Anna M. Durner of Benicia to Dr. V. G.
Windell of Chicago, 111. The wedding
will take place some time In September.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Rogers announce the
engagement of their niece, Miss Theresa
Leeker, to George Cheim of Tacoma,
Wash.
Wedding Bells.
The marriage of Miss May C. Chamber
lin and Felix B. Galindo took place at the
residence of the bride's parents, 676 Thir
ty-second street, Oakland, on the even
ing of June 14. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. M. D. Wilson of St. Pe
ter's Church. San Francisco, and at its
close he presented the bride with a lovely
prayer-book. Miss Emily Chamberttn,
sister of the bride, and Miss Alice Wilson,
daughter of the officiating clergyman,
acted as bridesmaids. Joseph Galindo was
best man. The house was beautifully
decorated. The young couple received
many valuable gifts. A delicious colla- |
tlon was served, after which the. happy
couple left on the last boat for San Fran- !
Cisco, and the following day for Napa -
Soda Springs, where the honeymoon will
be spent.
A charming wedding occurred on
Wednesday evening. June 22, at 6 o'clock,
in the Methodist church uf Golden Gate,
the contracting parties being Dr. J. B.
Wood and Miss Uriel J. Pettigrew. The
ceremony was performed by Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor of Central Method
ist Church of this city and brnthPr-in-law
of the groom. The complete ritual service
of the Methodist church wns used, with
all the iniprr-ssivr* details. The groom is a
popular young physician of Oakland and
if" a member of the faculty of the College
of Physicians and Burgeons r>f San Fran- j
Cisco. An elaborate wedding supper was ■
served in the delightful home of Mrs. K. j
V. Klinkner. The floral decorations in the
church and home were very artistic. The \
little church was a perfect bower of j
beauty— a tasteful study in pink and ;
green. The bride and groom were attend
ed by Miss Betty Kiff Pettigrew, the
sister of the bride, and Fred S. Kllnkner.
The presents were numerous and costly.
At a late hour, midst showers of rice and j
good wishes. Dr. and Mrs. Wood departed I
on a wedding trip. They will be at home !
to all their friends after July 1, in Gulden
Gate.
Home Qatherings.
An enjoyable birthday party was re
cently given to Miss AdPlina Bruce by
her parents at their residence. 144 South
Park, in honor of the young lady's
eighteenth birthday. The evening was
spent very pleasantly, and supper was
■erred at midnight. Those present were:
Mr. and Mr*. Young, Mr. Riddle, Mrs.
Maxwell, Misses Adeiina Bruce, Sophie
lvleversahl, Phebe Theall. Lizzie Dunne,
Maggie 1 Thrall, Kitty Campbell, Grace
Campbell, Mr. Justin, Shayior Antone,
Mr. Futardo, Torn Coughlan. Joe Lundie,
Fabe Sturker and Sam Clark.
Miss C. T. Casey gave a very pleasant
reception recently to her sister, Miss A.
M. Casey, from Europe, at her home on
Twenty-second street. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. 1-aulkner.
Sir. and Mrs. Duclos, Mr. and Mrs. Cua
ter, Mr. and Mrs. Doyle, .ar. Kilgallon,
Miss Flannery, M. Larktn, Mr. Finnigan,
Mi^s Tuite, Mrs. i-Ughes, Miss Faulkner,
Mr. Tuite, Mtss Duclos, Mr. Duclos, Miss
t'asey, Master Faulkner and Florentine
Duclos.
A surprise party was givon to George
A. Bartlet at his residence, 42S Lombard
street, on last Sunday evening by th"
members of the Llah Club, in honor of
the host's twenty-nrst birthday. The
house was beautifully decorated with
American flags.
Among those who contributed to the
evenings entertainment were Miss Cul
len, Miss N. Ryan. W. Higgins, Birt Mul
len. Joseph Barry, James McNulty, F.
Curran, M. J. White and the Llah Glee
Club. After supper dancing and games
were chiefly indulged in.
Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Bardet. Mrs. Bushaway, Maira Bar
det and Master L. Bardet.
Miss E. Cuneo. Miss Florence Myers,
Miss Cullen. Miss Nora Ryan, Miss M.
Garrett. Mies Aggie McCarren, Miss Julia
Bentz Miss May St. Amant, Miss Sadie
Cullen, Miss Kitty McCarren, Miss H.
Silva. Miss May Boneu, Miss N. McCar
thy, Miss V. Jeffress, Miss Georgie Wil
liams, Miss Annie Ruff, and Miss Mabel
Banker.
Joseph P. Lavin, Austin Langford, Birt
Mullen, Peter Quirk, George A. Bardet, ft.
Sullivan, M. J. White, James McNulty,
W. Donavan, Frank Murray, James
Hearty, Andrew Curran, W. J. Higgins,
John Quirk, C. F. Faber, Peter Gaffney.
John A. Campbell, Rudolph Ruff, Josoph
Barry, Charles- Read. T. Clark, G.
Schimpf, Captain Bushaway, T. Hearty.
On last Saturday evening a very pleas*
ant party was tendered by Charles Skin
rr-r t<> his many friends at the Telegraph
Hill Observatory, in honor of the eigh
teenth anniversary of ais birth. The hall
was most beautifully decorated with
evergreens and Japanese lanterns, and
the stage in evergreens. Old Glory held
the most conspicuous place in all the
hall. The evenng was spent in dancing,
singing and games. At 11 o'clock the
guests part".. k of a bountiful repast,
after which dancing, singing and games
were resumed.
A reception was giv-n on the Pth inst.
to Miss Edith Potter at her residence, 1013
Fillmore street, in honor of her birthday.
After games, recitations, dancing and
music, etc, all partook of a repast.
Among those present were: Miss Dora
Worth, Miss Belle Burdick, Miss Ethel
Mead, Miss Maud Trittenbach. Miss
Stella Clark, Miss Ethel Steimeke. Miss
Flossie Hoffman. Miss Etta Steinberg,
Miss Florence Steimeke, Miss Nettie
Wineberg, Miss W. Meacham, Miss
Gladys Cumniings, Miss B. Hawkins and
Miss Edith Potter.
Hotel JtaWardennan.
Among the guests at the Hotel Rowar
dennan are: San Francisco — W. R. Mor
ton, Mrs. W. R. Morton, Misa Winifred
Morton, Mrs. Williar, Mrs. Hubbard,
Charles M. Welch, Colon-1 Robert Mc-
Murray, Mrs. C. F. Hunt, Miss Alice
Johnston, Robert McMurray Hunt, C. H.
Kane, Mrs. Kane, <i. 1.. Stevenson, A. J.
Sanches, Mrs. A. J. Sunehe-s. .j. P. Martin,
Mrs. J. P. Martin. Miss Ethel Creagh,
J. D. Brown, Mrs. J. 1). Brown, Tom
Brown. J. G. Edwards. Miss Nettie M. Ed
wards, W. H. Deming, Benjamin Curtaz,
Mrs. Benjamin Curtaz. < '. 31. Plum. James
Irvine, Mrs. Dellepiane, Edgar L.
Rourke, William Goeggel, Mrs. William
Goegell and family. S. N. Bostwick^ C. F.
Grow and wife. T. C. Richmond, T. Taylor,
Mrs. Snoah. Mrs. Maynard. Colonel Men
ton, Mrs. Menton, H. S. Morton. J. E.
George, L. T. Cadoean, M. S. Jeffers,
Miss Myra Mason Jeffers, Miss Eunice
Jeffers, Mrs. R. Carmany. Mrs. Laura
(,'armany, Mrs. Irving F. Moulton, Miss
Harrlette Moulton, Samuel M. Wilson,
judge Curtiss H. Lindley, Mrs. Curtis H.
Lindley, Miss Josepn.ne Lindiey. Curtiss
Lindley Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. Bennett. Mrs.
J. H. Brownell. Miss Lizzie ?.l. Bernard.
Mrs. Harrison Brooks, D. E. Bohlow, W.
R. Mann Jr., H. R. Mann Sr., Mrs. J. G.
Giesting, Mrs. Charles W. Pike and fam
ily. Mrs. Snow and family, Mrs. N. N.
Lowiy, Mrs. Judge Belcher, Dr. Cluness
Jr., Dr. B. A. Saunders, Spencer Grant,
Miss Saunders, Mrs. A. Clarlt. San Jose—
I- red C. Ross. Oakland— D. C. May. A. F.
Kales, Edward A. Barry find runiily. ('.
L. Lathrop. Mrs. M. W. Kales. Miss
Kales. Miss Rose Kales, Miss Shean, W.
H. Habe, H. H. Adams, Mrs. H. Adams
and family, Mrs. A. S. Kfosely and fam
ily. Mrs. H. H. McCoHlster, E. A. Heron.
! Mrs. Henshaw, Mrs. .-*. W. Moulton, Mr.
i and Mrs. R. K. Belden, Miss Belden,,
Miss Daisy Belden, Dan Belden. Mrs. R.
' W. Gorrill, Aug Schilling, Mrs. Aug
1 Schilling. Mrs. A. W. Sims, Miss Sims
; Mr?. T. W. Henshaw. Tyler Henshaw.
t Stanley Henshaw, Fritz Henshaw, Stuart
Henshaw, Clara Henshaw, Miss Lizzie.
Davie. Bakersfleld— R. G. Crichton. Mrs
R. G. Crichton and family. San Rafael-
Mr, and Mrs. C. M. Jynnson, Master
' Frank 11. Johnson.
QiSrovj JHot Springs.
The following guests registered at Gil
roy Hot Springs last week: J. Clifford
and wife, S. H. Mahoney and daughter,
Carl T. Antz, August Junker, S. H. Kol
man, C. Lawton, Mrs. H. O'Keefe, C. T.
Humphries and family, E. T. Ward and
1 wife, A. Stern and family, H. T. McCarty,
W. G. Alexander, J. T. We Joel, G. F. Gtor
| man. Senator F. C. Frank and family, J.
Licht and family, Charles Shortndge
J. B. Bon and wife, 11. Walsh and family.
R. F. Michell and family, S. Kavanaugh
and family, S. N. Carr and family, M.
I C. Rosener, A. G. Davis. P. 11. Bryer, J.
! B. Brlsco.Miss Gruell. .Mrs. H. Cook, W
Cook, E. Martin and family, N. Rick and
family, F. Manoni. T. O. Bohen, J. F.
Robinson, F. Eggers, Judge Ward, B. W.
Craln, J. O'Connell and family. C. Carroll
and family, S. Rev nn<l wife, R. Beckman,
David Collins and family. H. McAleer ana
■ wife, D. A. Christopher and family. Frank
| Cooney and two daughters, w. Ede and
; daughter, Mr?. E. C. Hcighton and
i daughter, A. P. Bryden, Miss Carter,
; Henry A. Pflester. J. M. Shilne, Thomas
i R, Kelley, Robert Lewers, Sirs. J. Wienke.
! G. Gughein and family, I. H. Hoe and
I family. Miss E. Owens. Mrs. R. Kardif,
I Mrs. C. Rour, J. Clear, G. Gr.imercei, W.
Waltinger and family, Mrs. Towel and
family.
Harbin Springs.
Those who have registered at Harbin
j Springs during the pant week are as foi
j lows: F. W. M. Lange and wife, E. H.
| Lange. John Morrisey. R. Minor and wire,
Miss Viola Minor, Miss E. Eschen, Ada
Martin, A. McCracken, wife and daugh
ter, Raymond Ott. J. L. Read, wife ana
I son, J. A. Kesey, James Butler, O. Bozlo
! and wife. Miss Grozlier, Thomas Mc
! Mahon. Thomas H. Casey, Biasotto Man
uel, Charles Everett. P. G. Somps ana
i wife. Miss Katie Flaman, J. Coakley,
William A. Harris. A. Schenok, I. Funx
enstein and wife, P. J. Hemmelly, Josepti
L. Valente, Charles Robinson, E. Manasse
and wife, San Francisco; John Mlnehan,
R. Haley, Mrs. J. Hayes, Charles Brown,
H. McCue, J. H. Neil, Vallejo: Thomas
I Smith. Napa; H. T. Knight, C. A. Knight,
i Wilber Page, Folsom; Lewis York
Charles Collins, P. Coyle, Woodland; P.
Gibbons, Nell Cary, Manuel Perevin,
I Oakland; S. H. Keys, Mrs. L. Green, Mrs.
THE SAN FTIANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
Lowenberg, San Jose; Willis Cerk, "Wil
liam Rose, Monroe Cannon, C. Demln»,
Carlo Flckea, Sacramento; Dr. H. C. Dem
ing, Henry Deming Jr., C. Mottier, Her
mitage; P. Connolly, J. Clarke, C. C.
Jones, Sam Watkins and wife, Miss Celia
Watkins, R. Tyler and wife. Miss Roo&,
Mrs. Rawson, B. Calland, O. Good. P.
Wilson, Rollin Cook, Chris Johnson, Hans
Hanson, Peter Christensen, San, Fran-
Cisco.
Deer Y&rk Inn.
DEER PARK INN, June 20.— The
weather is most beautiful now, and the
sport of trouting was never known to be
so good in June.
A five-pound trout was caught In Squaw
Creek last Friday. Every fly-caster that
whips the streams hereabouts brings in
a basketful of fine trout these days.
John Muir, the distinguished president
of the Sierra Club, is most enthusiastic
over his discovery here of a botanical
fact, the evidence of which he has long
and vainly sought for elsewhere. He lost
not an hour in expressing the important
testimony to high authorities In Bos
ton.
The following guests are registered
here: Mrs. 1. K. D. Grubb, D. Hanson
Grubb, Mr. and Mrs. Horace Smyth,
Harry McKee, \V. Hutchings, Mrs. Dor
ville Libby. San Francisco; John Muir,
Martinez; Miss Florence Will. Kockwood,
Pa.; Mrs. J. M. Watson, Mrs. M. A. Pink
erton, Dr. P. P. Meigs, wife and son, Oak
land; Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Wolf, Stock
ton; Mrs. G. A. Foye, Miss G. A. Foye,
Miss Harriet B. Foye, Miss Alice Bailey,
Miss Mabel Hewea, Alameda; Miss L. B.
Prye, Santa Barbara; Miss Mollle Scott,
Mr. E. G. Scott, Mr. W. L. Manning,
Folsom; Mr. A. J. Smith, Latrobe; Miss
Greenleaf, Mr. H. H. Scales, Mr. Eugene
Kruger, Truckee.
Hotel dz J^edWoods.
HOTEL DE REDWOODS, June 25.—
The Ancient Order of Fern Diggers gave
a grand entertainment and dance on the
evening of June 20. They had a large
audience and the excellent music was
furnished by some of the members.
This club was originated by some of the
guests of the hotel who intend to have
an entertainment about once a week.
This week's arrivals at the Hotel de
Redwood are: Mrs. M. Hatch and chil
dren, Berkeley; Rev. G. B. Hatch, Berke
ley; G. L. Cunningham and three
children, Mrs. C. M. t. unningham, Oak
land; Mrs. W. F. Mills, San Francisco;
Mrs. Dr. John Wagner, Ban Francisco;
B. JI. Rellly, San Francisco; Mr. Pearse,
Fall River. Muss.; Miss P. E. Wheeler,
Miss E. 11. Wheeler, West Side, Cal.;
Mrs. E. Schultic, Alameda; Miss Ethel
Wagner, Miss Helen Bailey, W. S. Pearse,
Miss Edna Wheeler, San Jose; Mrs. H.
Hauch and family, Hvilver Hauch. Ala
meda; Mrs. Emilie Parent. San Fran
cisco; UutUf-. Parent, Mrs. C. H. Van Or
den, Howard Van Orden, Miss Myrtle
Van Orden. Miss Viola Van Orden, Miss
Margery Mills. Madge Cunningham. Oak
land; Miss Ahhif M. Atkinson, Mr. and
Mrs. Lewis, Miss Rhoda Mills, A- J.
Frey, Alameda.
Paraiso Springs.
The latest arrivals at Paraiso Springs
include Charles F. Thurbach and wife, J.
A. Bergerot, G. I>upuy, Paul A. Dupuv,
Mrs. B. Dupuy, Alfred Lacoste, R. Wil
liam Reck, George F. Reck. Mrs. E.
Humphryes. Miss Humphryes, E. Schlue
ter, S. L. Atkins, L. Quellmerz, F. Roes
ler, M. P. Detels and wife, J. Petersen, D.
L. Davis, C. Bruce, San Francisco; Mr.
and Mrs. R. S. Girvin, Menlo Park; T. J.
Field , Monterey; C T. Romie, Monte
Carlo; T. F. Kuchaw, T. J. Smyth, Sali
nas, Mr. and Mrs. P. Revs, Castroville; T.
J. Horgan, P. Arano. Miss Luella F. Mc-
Carthy, Watsonviile- Mrs. S. 13. Rothen
berg. "Madeline E. Rothenberg, Sanford
Rothenberg. Mrs. M. F. Rothenberg, Ma
ljell H. Rothenberg. H. Rothenberg, I. A.
Rothenberg, Lillie Peterson, Oakland.
Duncan Springs.
There are about fifty guests now at
Duncan Springs, among whom are Mrs.
D. Callaghan, Misses Callaghan, P. Peter
son, Master Eddie Peterson, Emma S.
Agar, James Marshall. Eva Howell, W.
J. Elleford. G. W. Kingsbury, E. Chris
toffersorc, J. E. Collver, Mrs. C. J. Par
sons and nephew, L. Agar, Mrs. Blair,
James Blair, David Blair, Miss Agnes
Blair. Mr. and Mrs. Schultz, Mr. and Mrs.
O. D. Wheeler, Captain Agar, Master
Claude Mellersh, G. Hilton, F. Greanlsen,
all of Ran Francisco, Mrs. F. B. Wether
bee, Miss Blanche Wetherbee of Se
bastopol; H. H. Moke, wife and
child. Mr. and Mrs. Fulkerson. Santa
Rosa; C. 1,. Feusler and party, Mrs. Key-
Bton, Master Freddie and George Keyston,
Miss Janie Keyston. A. Bryant and frienGa
are expected in a day or two.
Bartlett Springs.
Late arrivals at Bartlett Springs Include
from San Francisco: Dr. M. W. Frank
lin, Dr. F. Tillman, E. T. Gullixson; J.
Joost, R. Patterson, Mrs. P. G. Galpin
and family, Charles F. Kapp and wife, C.
H. Huffman and family, Peter Johnson
and wife, John Taggart, W. S. Fitch.
From Oakland: J. D. Scott and family,
D. W. Morris, Mrs. George A. Lamont
Miss Nellie Lamont. From Sacramento:
Fred Berdeen, Mrs. Fred Berdeen, C. S.
Pepper, C. W. Clarke and wife, Mrs. O.
Foote, J. W. Wilson. Mrs. J. J. Pratt
and son, Yuba City; L. Charmock and
daughter. Woodland; L. Clausen and fam
ily, Williams; J. Weinbein and wife. Grass
Valley; S. Hollister, Courtland; Miss Le
titia Leonard. Berkeley; Miss May Ken
nedy, Berkeley; Theodore Tucker, Wood
land; J. Pacheco and wife, San Rafael;
C. J. Maurice, Lakeport; Victor E. Cook,
Pasadena.
Saratoga Springs,
The latest arrivals at Saratoga Spring-s
(Lake County) are: Hugh J. Williams, of
Minneapolis; Edward Close, B. Krump
man, A. B. Moulder, Mrs. Willis E. Davis,
Mrs. J. E. Hopkins. Miss Mabel Hopkins,
Fred B. Hart, Miss Brush, Mrs. Cara
van te, George Caravante, Mrs. F \
Busse. Mrs. F. W. Pfaffle, S. AnspaAer,
Milton Jones and wife, H. Bostel. San
Francisro; R. W. Brower, Miss G. Brumb,
Alameda; R. S. Collins and wife, Oakland'
E. Southard, Miss Alice Wright, Miss
Minnie Wright. John Grenacheo, Ukialv
William Beckman and wife, Edwin p'
Smith and wife. Miss E. Black, Miss C
Black, Sacramento; John F. Maloney
Fresno; Phil B. Anspacher, Stanford-
Phil Epstein. Phil Schmitt, Boston.
Johannesburg.
Those who registered at Johannesburg
during the past week include: C. Brice,
Mrs. Rocs, Justan Esgerg, Mr. Reinhartz
and family, Frank Schwabacher, Leon
Clayburgh, L. Abraham and family, San
Francisco; Henry Koceber and family,
Alameda; J. H. Abbott and family, Rob
ert Ross, Mrs. R. Behrends and family,
A. Schoenan, Miss Prag and sister, Jesse
Goldstein. A. E. Goetz and wife, Gerald
Sachs. H. Logan and wife, J. Dartman,
Leon Roos. San Francisco.
Saratoga Springs.
The arrivals at Saratoga Springs last
week were: Mrs. L. J. Simms, Mrs. S. M.
Ware, Miss N. E. O'Brien, William A.
Plunkett. Mrs. George L. Center, John
Center Frank A. Busse, Robert Pfaffle,
John B. Fulton, Mrs. Jano P. Fulton,
Miss Jennie Fulton, Mies Blanchard, Miss
A. Blanchard. Miss Gifford, Charles R.
Brown, Charles Van Otterendorf and
wife, Sidney M. Ehrman, David Bach
man, Samuel Heller, Milton Esberg, Juli
us Hart, San Francisco; F. C. Preble,
Oakland; B. F. Burris and wife, Alame
da; George Haugsted and wife, Ukiah;
Miss Marie Canteleu, Havre, France;
Mi3s Rosa Haberskah, Germany.
Parkers Vineyard.
The following named are guests at Par
ker Vineyard resort: S. V. Bunner and
wife and baby, Mrs. Henry St. Goar, Miss
Erona and Masters Freddie and Charles
St. Goar, Mrs. Otto turn Suden, Masters
Peter and Richard and Miss Linda turn
Suden, Mrs. Wintermute, Miss Fannie
Wintermute, Mrs. Franklyn R. Lane and
baby, Mr. and Mrs. Roern, Mr. and Mrs.
Peck, Mr. and Mrs. Turner and son, Mrs.
P. M. Hahman of Santa Rosa, IvanLang-
Btroth of Oakland, Tim Marlow and Miss
Cosgrove.
Gar Is bad.
Registered at Carlsbad are: Henry E.
Lammers, John T. Dolan, Miss T. Cox,
Walter Trumbull, W. H. Ebert, Hon. |
W. J. Inglis, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. W. j
T. Hamilton and Miss Leola Hamilton, |
Oakland; Mr. Carter, Mrs. Charles J. Me- i
Govern. Miss Viola McGovern. Mr. Bof
fin, Mr. and Mrs. McKinley, Mrs.
Thomas, Miss Mary Deane, Mrs. Vernal
Mortimer, Dr. F. P. McGovern. Mrs.
Frances Enright.
/\etrva Springs.
The arrivals at Aetna Springs for the
week ending June 20 include: J. S. War
ring, New York; Mrs. W. E. Miles, Ellis
Miles, J. H. Mundy, Ed Harris, L. W.
Christopher, H. H. Taylor, Mrs. S. Dan
nenbaum, Miss Jennie Dannenbaum, Miss
Hulda Dannenbaum, "S. Dannenbaum,
Miss Efne Wade, S. F. Graham, J. Mc-
Grath, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs C.
Smith, Menlo Park.
Magnetic Springs.
Registered at Magnetic Springs are:
Mrs. O'Connor of San Francisco, Mr. and
Mrs. Dowdall, Mr. Herlihy and family,
George Ely and family, Oakland; H.
Fowler, England; Mrs. F. Edwards,
Brooklyn, N. V.; F. Newmuller and fam
ily, New York; S. J. Fullerton, Boston,
Mass.
Aqua Galiente.
The guests now stopping at the Hotel
Aqua Caliente are: From San Francisco.
Mrs. Asa Wells, Mrs. Charles Colman,
maid and six children; Miss MayColman,
Mrs. John J. Guiekman, maid and two
children; Mrs. Susie Enos. Mr. and Mrs.
George Toy, Miss Maybelle Toy, Harvey
M. Toy, Mrs. S. Gunst, maid and three
children.
Independence Lake.
Registered at Independence Lake are:
Raymond Wilson, Berkeley; Frank Wil
son and wife, Robert Mann, San Francis
co; Dr. Wall and mother, Berkeley; Miss
B. Banning, San Francisco.
In the Future.
The Varsovlenne Club will give the
usual patriotic social on Monday even
PROFESSIONAL SYMPATHY.
Chemist (to battered female who is co vered with scratches)— The cat, I suppose!
Battered Female— No; another lydy.
LAST AND LARGEST
OF THE WOODEN SHIPS.
Continued from Pagro Twenty-One.
dollars a ton. The voyage may occupy
anywhere between four and six months
and even with the best of luck only one
round trip can be made in a year. Con
sequently working expenses have to be
reduced in every possible way, and the
smallest possible crew, consistent with
safety, is carried. Even the Roanoke,
enormous though her size be, carries
only thirty a'l told and of these twenty
two are foremast hands. Forty years
ago a ship one-third her size would
have carried at least double the num
ber of men.
The decay of American shipping since
the year 1860, when the trade reached
its highest level, is an oft told Btory.
Every one knows how the Southern
cruisers swept the American clipper
from the face of the sea, inflicting a
blow from which the foreign-going
trade has never recovered. In 1859 67
per cent of the goods imported into this
country were carried in American ships,
in 1897 the percentage had fallen to 11.
That means that the United States was
only able to carry in her own ships
about a tenth of the goods she re
quires from abroad, the balance of the
carrying trade, with all its profits, go
ing to foreigners.
It is improbable that this state of
affairs will continue much longer.
There is every reason to hope for the
future, and I am sure that the low
water mark of the foreign shipping
trade has been reached. It is not
merely the war which killed the Ameri
can mercantile marine; it was the uni
versal substitution of iron for wood as
a shipbuilding material. Naturally the
ships needed by the world were built
in the country which could manufac
ture iron most cheaply. England hap
pened at the moment to be in the fore
front in this business, and the result
is that during the past forty years she
has built up an enormous shipbuilding
industry, turning out more vessels than
all the rest of the world combined. The
British flag is to be found on every sea;
she does most of the carrying trade of
the world, and last year her total ton
nage, steam and sail, reached an aggre
gate of 13,482,876 tons. Against this
ing. July 4, at Wells 1 Hall, 1901 Post
street, corner of Fillmore.
Jpersonals.
Mrs. E. A. McLean and Misa May
McLean have rone East for a few
months.
Miss Annie J. Beaton and Miss Kath
eryn Beaton have returned from a week's
visit at Sociego Villa, in Millwood, Mill
Valley.
Mrs. Mary Young and daughter, Miss
Celia, left Thursday for San Jose and
j Santa Cruz.
Messrs. Adolphe Roos and George H.
! Roos have gone East to be absent about
two months.
Mrs. John Lubben and the Misses Lub
ben will spend the summer at Ross Val
ley. At home first Tuesday in Septem
ber.
Mr. and Mrs. Sol Getz, accompanied
by Maybelle and Harold Getz, are stop
ping at Seigler Springs, Lake County.
Professor Samuel Adelsteln will spend
his summer vacation at Ben Lomond,
Shasta Springs and Lake Tahoe.
Mrs. Hattie B. Steele and son and Miss
Gertrude A. Frost are at Laurel Glen
Farm, above Napa.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Friedman of 816 Hyde
street have moved to l'Jf.6 Bush street.
D. J. Staples has left the city for a trip
through Lake County. He is accompan
ied by his daughter, Mrs. K. T. Yemans,
and his granddaughters, Miss Phoebe
Painter and Miss Lizzie Painter. David
Painter will join them in about twoweeks
at Laurel Dell.
Mrs. Castle and family of Honolulu
spent last week at Kenilworth Inn, Mill
Valley.
Mrs. Ed H. Coleman of 1635 Oak street,
who has been visiting her parents in New
Haven, Conn., for the last three months,
has left on a tour of the East, to be gone
about eight weeks. She will visit New
York, Brooklyn, Newport, Elizabeth, N.
J., Narragansett Pier, Philadelphia and
Washington before returning to her San
Francisco home.
Miss Margaret Webb of Berkeley, Miss
Elizabeth Rothermel of Oakland and Miss
Jessie Mackie of Aiamerla are rusticating
in the redwoods of Mendoclno.
Edward McEvoy of the steamer Santa
Rosa and wife are spending the summer
with friends at Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Rader, wife of Rev. Mr. Rader, has
returned to San Francisco, having spent
part of June at Kenilworth Inn, Mill Vai
ley.
The Misses Kittle Brown, Winnie Mit
chell and Eva Bellstedt are spending the
summer at the Bellstedt summer resi
dence in Berryessa Valley, Napa County.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Kellogg and
Miss Kellogg of Oakland are spending the
summer at Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Charles E. Woods, long and favorably
connected with the Southern Pacific
Company in Oakland, and his wife, the
daughter of the late Rev. H. Cox, D.D.,
have just returned from their bridal
tour of two weeks in the Yosemite Val
ley, and will take up their residence in
Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. IT. Lenchner and children
have left for San Anselmo, near San
Rafael, to spend their vacation.
Mrs. Maurice L. Asher of 1634 Bu
chanan street has discontinued her day
at home during the summer months.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
the United States, which is second on
the list, though a long way behind,
could only show a total of 2.326.83S tons.
And as far as the foreign-going trade
is concerned the disparity is even
greater than these figures indicate, for
at least one-half of the American ton
nage is employed on the inland lakes
and rivers. Germany comes third on
the list, with 2,029,912 tons; then Nor
way and France.
The delay in the dispatch of the mili
tary expedition to the Philippines has
given the people of San Francisco and
the Union generally a forcible object
lesson on the scarcity of American ton
nage. With the best intentions in the
world ii has taken the authorities a
month to get together vessels sufficient
for the transportation of 7000 troops.
And even though the foreign trade of
the port has been paralyzed, and every
stoamor suitable for the work Im
pressed, enough American steamers
could not be found. Steamship lines
doing an extensive trade have been re
duced to mere skeletons, and to main
tain their services will be forced to
charter foreign ships. The Peter Jeb
son, a Norwegian, is now on her way
to Manila under the American flag,
having been bought outright by the
navy. The Nero, formerly the British
collier Whitgift, has also been trans
ferred, the China has been taken from
the Hawaiian Hag, also the Zealandia,
and at one time it was proposed to
purchase the old Centennial from the
Danish. There are plenty of other for
eign vessels the department would be
glad to get hold of, but technical diffi
culties bar the way. English vessels
must be bought outright, not chartered,
because British law requires that be
fore a ship can change her flag there
must be a bona fide sale to a foreigner.
Then, to bring these ships on the
American registry, a special act of Con
gress is required. Some vessels, such
as the Empress of India, cannot be ac
quired at all. because they belong to
the British naval reserve and are sub
sidized by that Government in order
that they may be held in reserve as
auxiliary cruisers in case of war. In
other cases, such as the China steam
ers Belgic, Gaelic and Coptic, the Brit
ish owners refused absolutely to Eell
and the Government is powerless to get
hold of these fine vessels, whose ser
vices would be of inestimable value at
the present moment.
One thing ia certain, the present war
will put an end to this condition of af
fairs and the United States will never
ADVEBTISEMENT".
aaaaaaaaaaaaaatta'aaaa.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaag
I ONE WEEK'S 5
ESPECIAL SALEi
—op 1 — a
I CURTAINS, Etc. l
1 FORCED LIQUIDATION PRICES! |
» - »
arH- Notwithstanding the Tremendous Bargains that have thus far »
» drawn such crowds to the Great Sale we are now holding BY $
« PEREMPTORY ORDER of the Trustees, ALL FORMER OFFERINGS »
» ARE OVERSHADOWED AND TOTALLY ECLIPSED by this week's a
a - specials in Curtains and House-Furnishings, our entire stock of a
a which has been THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED AND MARKED DOWN a
to figures corresponding with the following g
| TRULY AMAZING REDUCTIONS! I
W _— — vv
a IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 3£ yards long, new designs, marked down to a
» $2.75 from $4, $3 from $4.50, $4 from $5.50, $4.50 from -j
g $6 and $5 from $6.75 per pair.
« »
a »
a CHENILLE PORTIERES marked down from -$2.25 to $1.75 per pair, »
» $3 to $2.25 per .pair, $3.50 to $2.85 per pair, $4 to $3.15 »
P er pa jr -
a- a
a TAPESTRY PORTIERES, in all the new colorings, per pair $2.85, »
« were $3.50; $3.15, were $4.50; $4.50, were $6; $5.50, »
were $7. S
q «
§ ART CARPET SQUARES, extra heavy quality ingrain— 9x9 feet, $3.65 ; a
«• 9xlo|feet, $4.25; 9x12 feet, $4.90 ; 9*l3£ feet, $5.50 each, »
« * ■ a
§ SMYRNA RUGS— Very best quality—
a 18x36 inches $ 1.00 Each. $
a" 21x46 inches..... $1.45" Each. a
» 26x54 inches ........:... $ 1.95 Each. ■ a
» 30x60 inche5..... ................. $2.35 Each. g
~ 36x72 inche5. . . . . ;. . ... .... . . . . .$3.65 Each. g
»- - »
a•. ■ - »
a DOTTED AND STRIPED SWISS, 36 inches wide, marked down from 15c »
» to lOC per yard. . . »
« 8
50-INCH FISH-NET CURTAIN INGS, new patterns, marked down from %
£ 30c to 20c and from 25c to 17s.C per yard. #
» '■•■• | " " «
« ' o
C {/[/ Murphy Building, '■* .■ {/if -Murphy Building:, Jf q
« WTopVot anil Tnnp^ Qtrppf? Marlrpf purl TrniP^ St^ppt^ tt
■" JjldiJLuL ulill JUlluo uiluuuV I .iildllul Qllll oUllua u!ui|.vU>. a
■ — — —^_^_^^__
again find herself so helpless on
the seas. Economic conditions have
changed greatly since 1860 and Amer
ica is now able to produce the steel
required for shipbuilding quite as
cheaply as England. Therefore there
is no reason why she should not build
her own vessels. San Francisco has
already shown that she can turn out
warships equal to any in the world,
the Eastern shipyards are already de
veloping with vast strides and their
work is sure to- receive a great impe
tus owing to the increase in the navy
which is bound to follow on the present
war. The United States has assumed
responsibilities which it cannot ignore;
more merchant vessels will be required
to trade with our newly acquired pos
sessions, more men-of-war will be re
quired to prutect them from foreign
intrusion. And with shipyards every
where in full swing, with steel at the
lowest price, there is every hope that
the mercantile marine of the country
will soon be restored to its former con
dition of prosperity.
PETS OF THE SOLDIERS
AND SAILORS.
Continued from Page Twenty.
them in India, and whose ci ding is full
of pathos. It is not the practice to
carry horses between India and Eng
land, when a regiment is ordered home
its mounts are left behind for the ben
efit of the next comers. As Black Bob
was too old for further military ser
vice he was put up at auction and sold
for a large sum. The troopers were
so full of regret at the loss of their pet
that they returned the buyer half his
purchase money, on condition that
Black Bob should be well fed and
treated for the remainder* of his life.
The horse could distinguish the trum
pets of his regiment from those of any
other corps, and when he heard the
Hussars marching past his stables on
their way to England he nearly killed
himself in his struggles to escape. He
resolutely refused to eat and drink, and
at fast he was turned loose in a field.
Easily jumping the fence Bob trotted
to the old 'amiliar parade ground,
wheeled at the saluting post, and stood
aghast to find that none of his old com
rades were there. The shock was too
much for the faithful animal; he
quietly laid himself down and died on
the ground where he had so often ex
ercised.
Probably this was the horse which
gave Kipling the idea for a couple of his
best stories. In "The Man Who Was,"
the returning officer, the victim of Rus
sian brutality, recognizes his regiment
and proves his own identity through the
picture of the drum horse. In another
story, written In lighter vein, the drum
horse, after being sentenced to death,
is resuscitated by the soldiers and cre
ates a panic by his ghostly reappear
ance.
There are innumerable instances as
dogs as regimental pets, in fact, no an
imal takes to soldiering more kindly.
When the Sixty-sixth Regiment was
fighting the rebels in India a very fine
spaniel, afterward known as Cheeky,
deserted from the mutineers and made
himself at home in the English lines.
Cheeky fought with his regiment
through the whole of the campaign.
His one idea, when in action, was to
amuse himself by chasing spent can
non balls, which he would pursue until
he had caught and stopped them. Luck
ily for him the rebels were not using
live shell.
The One Hundred and Second Regi
ment once brought a tiger home from
India as a pet. As long as the animal
was young he proved an immense suc
cess, and was on good terms with every
one. from the drummer boy to the col
onel. But when the corps was quar
tered at Dover Castle, an old lady in
the town took It into her head that the
beast might escape from his friends
and run amuck through the streets. So
she shut herself up in her house and
spent her time in writing letters of
complaint to the colonel. The nuisance
I at last became so great that the tiger
had to be presented to the Zoo, where
| he developed into a very fine beast. Ho
! was on the most intimate terms with
| a dog, who also accompanied him into
! captivity, and the pair had always the
I warmest greeting for every man in
I military uniform who approached their
j cage.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i *
: |% Beauty's :
: C? WAR ♦
ji^ v . it ni 1
i $$i IS NEVER END- <«>
♦ 4n«!S^-^?\M> ED- From cradle ♦
♦ Lfiffntivi.afcpjr to grave fer n. <g,
inine good looks and complexion are ♦
in conflict with their mortal foes — '.&
. sickness, overwork, trouble, age. Next <$>
jf to the care of health Beauty's greatest <$>
*f protective weapon is •$>
I LOLA MONTEZ CREME, •
The great scientific SKIN FOOD that *
* preserves beauty to old age, develops ♦
it where it is destroyed or impaired, 3>
j fills out wrinkles, removes sallowness
; and freckles, giving the skin healthy
I color, softness and transparency.
i a, Pot lasting three months .75c
j , ~ ■ <8>
i I COUPON TRIAL POT-FREE. *
I <«> Ladies out of town sending this ad.
and 10 cents in stamps will receive a
| trial pot of Lola Montez Creme and a
1 * sample of Face Powder free ' '
;:. : ?
| « MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S -- J
♦■ 4-DAY HAIR RESTORER i
j <$> Gives to gray or faded hair its natural f
<*, color, in 4 days; no inconvenience •
: <s> not a dye. „ $1.00. .
| * LADY AGENTS WANTED
: I MRS. NETTIE HARRISON. *
;T[ . DERMATOLOGIST, ♦
. J and 42 Geary St., San Francisco. ♦'.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
lgf*]gsi FREE. FREE.
' H^^^sKi? l ,r anently removed by »>,=.
BSW&H? Philadelphia Elec^oly^s
—.■nnwiy f i>hi.. Hours, 1 to 4 p. m .
I .Radway*e Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises.
Bore Muscles. Cramps. \- Burns. Sunburns.- Back-
ache. Headache. Toothache. Rheumatism, Nau-
ralgia, Lumbago. is Internally .>„ for all Bowel
Pains. ; Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Choler*.
Morbus and Sickness, ■„ Nausea, etc. All dru«-PRETTY SUMMER NECK PIECES
AND HOW TO LAUNDER THEM
NEW YORK, June 25.— There are
such beautiful things for the
neck this summer that a
woman does not need to dress
well. By dressing "well" I
mean that she does not need to dress
expensively.
This is best shown by an illustration.
Last Sunday evening the writer dined
at the most elegant hotel in New York.
It is famous the world over for its palm
pardf-ns, its picture galleries and its
magnificent dining ir irimonts.
One of the most tastefully dressed
women in the room was gowned in ■
black surah, which, as you know, Js not
an expensive fabric. Tho surah dress,
complete with Its blouse waist and ruf
fled skirt, did not cost over $20, but the
dress was noticeable for its beauty.
It had a yoke of burnt orange velvet,
with jet around the yoke. The collar
A PRETTY BODICE AND NECK ARRANGEMENT.
was of jet. The upper part of the waist
was jetted and around the belt was
clasped a pretty jetted band. The burnt
orange velvet showed off under the elec
trlc lights with dazzling brilliancy, and
the wearer, who is quite brunette, en
: the admiration of all who saw
her.
To make a burnt orange yoke get a
yard of !>urnt orange v« l.et on the bias.
Lay your yoke pattern over it, cut it
THE FAT WOMAN AND THE THIN GIRL AND
THEIR WOES.
ss« »»»a» »0 »a 0a » a *
SO MANY distressful wails have
reached me from those who are
overburdened with flesh, as well
as from a few who covet nothing
in life so much as a little fat with
which to cover their unsightly bones,
that I have decided to devote my talk
this week to them.
It makes me think of the old conundrum
as to why matrimony is like a city in
a state of siege, the answer to which is
"Because those who are out of it want
to get in, and those who are in want to
get out " So it is with these girls, those
who are fat want to get thin, and those
who are thin want to get fat. Oh girls,
,£;irls! why is it that you are never satia
ted? l
There Is a popular belief that fat people
are always good natured, but this is not
so for an excess of adipose tissue is v.
disease as much as anything else, ana
causes irritability rather than good na
'' You may "laugh and grow fat," but af
ter you have acquired unwieldy bulk, you
will doubtless feel little to
make merry over it.
Of course heredity and predisposition
have much to do with both corpulence
and leanness, but it is a fact just the same
that flesh can be taken off and put on
at will. It is largely a matter of diet and
exercise. ■ .
To those who wish to reduce their flesh
let me say, first of all, don't take any
of the anti-fat pills and medicines so
largely advertised. Abjure all drugs, pat
ented or otherwise. You can reduce your
flesh permanently only by a thorough
change of diet and life, assisted by con
tinuous exercise. It is not necessary to
starve oneself, for while we starve, we
lose albumen, which is the principal ele
ment of the blood and muscles. This
brings about impoverishment of the blood
and may impair the health to such an
extent as to endanger life.
Remember that your mortal foes are all
sugary .and starchy foods. Substitute
toast for bread, religiously avoid all fats
and fattening vegetables, such as rice, j
potatoes, turnips and beets. Eat spar
ingly of butter and the more lemonade j
you drink the better. Drink little cof
fee and no milk.
Get up early in the morning, never sleep
more than seven hours, and walk, and
exercise all that you can. Take hot baths, ;
not remaining in them long enough, how
ever for them to debilitate. Anything
that induces perspiration takes off super
fluous flesh; so does physical exertion.
There Is nothing better to reduce avoir
dupois than doing one's own housework.
After the bath take a series of gymnastio
exercises. ■ ' ' •. • "- ■
Trousseau, a celebrated French phy
sician, advised two grammes of bicarbon
ate of soda at each meal.
Now for the thin girls. - A girl should
be plump enough to be pleasing to the j
eye That Is, no angles or bones should ':
be apparent, but there should be a round
ness and- softness of contour such as one
always associates with the Idea of youth
• and beauty. • ■ ■ w V
To begin with, if your digestion is bad.
If you "are in the : habit of fussing and
worrying, it will be most difficult to cover
those unsightly bones. , Lead as calm.
out and fit it upon the shoulders. Take
Jt off. line with silk and edge it with
passementerie. If desired the collar can
be striped with tiny bands of black vel
vet, with jet below. This can be worn
over any dress, and it can be made eas
ily for $2— perhaps less.
The latest thine out in round yokes is
made in three shades of one color. Al
mond leaf, Nile and bottle green make a
Uful round yoke. The rule for this
is to use the least amonut of the dark
est shade. For example, the ribbon
around the neck ami the bow at the
back of the neck are of almond leaf
green; th»> yoke part is of Nile green
an •!. the tir.y bands that stripe the yoke
are of bottle green. This makes a" de
lightful nock piece, which is very easily
made by one's own hands. All of these
yokes are detachable from the dress, bo
that one yoke can be worn over a great
many plain waists. Care must be taken,
however, to have the yoke meet in the
back. This can only be done by arrang
ing it so that there is a little fullness,
or the yoke is i erpetually coming open
like a pocket-hole.
Square yokes are very English. Thpy
are made of big plaids trimmed with
bands of brocaded ribbon. In the neck is
a very large ruffle of chiffon or lace, with
a little front of the same.
It would be idle to attempt to describe
all the different kinds of fancy neckwear
that are seen, for their names are too
legion to mention. It would seem as
—BY MME. HYGEIA.
quiet, inactive and sedentary an exist
ence as you possibly can. Eat all the
starchy, fattening food, such as rice, but
ter, cereals, eggs, milk and game. Hot
chocplate and preserved figs are both
guaranteed to make a regular museum
fat lady of one if their consumption be
persisted in.
Get all the sleep you can, and before
rising take a cup of hot milk or of milk
and cocoa well sugared. Take topid baths
and exercise moderately. Tapioca, sago,
vermicelli or custard pudding, macaroni,
cheese, salad served with plenty of oil,
but no vinegar or pickles, can be indulged
in. A teaspoonful of pure olive oil taken
several times a day, and frequent rub
bings of the body with olive oil will help.
Eat frequently. The harem ladles
amuse themselves all day long eating
bonbons and dried fruits. But, above all,
there must be absolute freedom from
nerves, care and anxiety, if one wishes to
be rotund.
Now, I am going to give you all a per
fectly lovely recipe for a skin whitenei.
It is:
CUCUMBER MILK.
Oil of sweet almonds, 4 ounces;
fresh cucumber juice (boiled), 10
ounces; white castile soap, V*
ounce. Dissolve in 3 ounces of es
sence of cucumbers and 1-20 ounce
of tincture of benzoin.
Buy the ordinary cucumbers now sold
in the shops. Cut up in small . pieces,
neither peeling nor removing the seeds,
and pour on just enough water to start
them to cooking. When cooked soft and
mushy strain through a piece of muslin.
The essence you can make yourself by
taking one and one-half ounces of alcohol
and one and one-half ounces of the boiled
cucumber Juice. Add to this your castile
soap and let it stand for several hours,
until' the soap has entirely dissolved.
Then put in your cucumber juice, which
is strained and cold. Shake well, so that
all are thoroughly mixed. Then add the
oil of sweet almonds and the benzoin,
stirring for some time. Put in. a bottle
and be sure and shake well before using.
Apply it at night, letting it dry on the
skin and rinsing away in tepid^rtvater the
following morning.
The natural arsenic In the cucumber
makes this a ppiendid face bleach, and it
is perfectly harmless.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MRS. J. M. SMITH— The fluid extract
of which you speak is used for the pur
pose you mention. It is sometimes pre
scribed by the eclectic school of physi
cians, and is prepared and sold by a cer
tain company with full directions as to
its use. I do not prescribe for disease,
and with anything so serious as cancer I
should advise you to consult a skilled
DAISY M.— When the hair begins to fall
it is a pretty sure indication that the
health is not what it should be, or else it
has been brought about by worry, late
hours or lack of exercise. Be careful
about your eating, regular as to your ex
ercise and take a daily tepid sponge
bath Use this tonic on the falling hair:
Oil of sweet almonds, 30 grams; essence
of rosemary, 30- grams; oil of mace, l
gram Rub this well into the scalp every
night A more simple tonic, which is also
good, is thirty grains of quinine to a pint
of bay rum. Either one of these remedies
should help you. When hair begins to
turn gray, it Indicates a failure of iron in
the system, and a good plan ie to take a
good iron tonic prescribed by a physician.
THE SA^T FHAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 26, 1893.
though each dress had its own peculiar
neck trimming, which is adapted in style
and color to its own mater'al.
A great deal of mull in all colors is be
ing worn for the neck. This is very tidy,
as it can be washed. An absolutely fresh
appearance is an essential for anything
that goes around the neck.
It is an undeniable fact, although no
one likes to admit it on account of its
cost, that nothing looks so well next to
the neck as white. White is a beautiful
color. A woman wearing a white dress in
a ballroom is as conspicuous as a white
mark upon a dark wall. The eye is be
wildered by the great variety of colors
and seeks rest in the spotless white.
A gentleman who is as unscrupulous in
fashion matters as was the late Ward
McAllister recently remarked- to a fash
ion writer that the woman who did not
wear white next to her neck made a
great mistake. "If she can afford it she
shourd always wear a white collar or a
white ruffle or something white to set off
her face. This gives an indescribable del
icacy and gentleness to the chin and
neck, like a flower set in white sepals."
That is all very well to say— namely,
that a woman must always wear white
next to her neck, but the fact remains
that white is very expensive and when it
comes to the fluffy delicate yokes of sum
mer they mount up in a way that is posi
tively startling.
The mull yokes have one delightful ad
vantage, however—that they can be easi
ly done up. The solution for doing them
up, if they are white, consists of soap
bark, ammonia and hot water. The yoke?
are thrown into the solution and left to
soak over night. Next morning tfiey ire
placed in a fresh hot solution, after whfteh
they are delicately and carefully clapped
through the hands. Hot water is run
over them and all the dirt will be found
to have disappeared.
As a final touch a little bluing must
be added to the water or the mull will
have a dingy look after it is put on. If
an ecru shade is desired a little coffee can
be added to the water.
For colored mulls and other delicate
goods a different process must be fol
lowed. Soak them over night in salt and
water. In the morning wash in soap bark
and cold water, using as much force as
can be employed without destroying the
goods. ,
Taffeta, fine silks and even satin can be
freely washed in gasoline. .
Have you ever tried to launder a real
nice dress without taking it apart? sup
pose you have a last summer's challie
trimmed with silk and lace, it is soiled.
5 ,-. sajr and you want to renovate it.
Have you ever tried the simple process of
washing it In soap bark and water. Soak
it over night, as described before and fol
low the cold laundry process.
If there is a great deal of silik use clear
gasoline, but be extremely careful not to
ignite it. This must be done strictly in
the day time and care must be *aken not
to rub" the goods hard enough to cause
the slightest friction or there may be an
explosion. The writer has, however, for
several seasons washed kid gloves anad
silk waists freely in gasoline without
trouble. Place into the gasoline dry and
rub very little. The dirt disappears.
The hardest part comes in the ironing,
but to iron the dress you have only to go
to work as though you were ironing a
cambric wrapper. Iron as much as you
can or" it. carefully pressing out the ruf
iles and the lace. When you have gone
over it you will be surprised to see how
few spots remain unpressed. You can do
more than you think you can. The dress
i<? really presentable. Now use your in
genuity in getting at the out-of-the-way
places and you will be rewarded with B
very nice summer dress instead of a soiled
old "one. . .
The very nicest pink lawns and the most
delicate blue ones can be done up by soak-
Ing in salt and water over night. Let the
laundress wash them in the morning in
the first water, and hang In the shade un
til they are dry. A pink lawn can be car
ried through two summers in this way
without once losing a trace of color.
For ironing purposes deep ruffles for the
neck should be made upon little bands.
The bands are tacked in the neck of silk
waists. When the rufflfS are soiled the
bands can be ripped out and the ruffle
can be done up. This applies to all the
very fine, showy, white embroidered neck
s, which you see so plentifully in silk
Tucked yokes are very hard to iron. It
is very slow, careful work which should
be done by the hand of the mistress her
self unless she employs a professional
laundress. It is pretty work and nice
work for a woman, and she need not hesi
tate to do it. Iron the tucked yoke first
upon the wrong side. Turn it over and
lift the tucks with a knife. Damp lightly
and iron each tuck separately, then give
a final sweep of the iron. Many laun
dresses leave th^ tucks decidedly raised,
as being better than flat.
The small polishing iron is necessary in
the summer trunk. Take along a bit of
eas pip* 1 . T'se the iron on all soft goods,
even to chiffon. HELEN WARD.
Apply witch hazel to the dark circles un
der the eyes. For the wrinkles, massage
with a good cold cream, being careful to
rub across the lines. Try a lotion of equal
parts of rosewater, fresh lemon juice and
rectified spirit for the freckles. Mix them
together, next day decant the clear por
tion and strain it through muslin. Bathe
the face night and morning with the lo
tion, wiping off with a soft towel.
SUSANNA J.— Tattooing is very difficult
to remove. There is a process which Is
often successful, but it is so severe and
painful that I feel\ quite certain you
would not wish to undergo it. If the In
dia ink is merely on the surface and not
pricked into the skin you might try io
dide of potash, although I cannot promise
you that it will be efficacious.
L. H.— For the red nose try frequent ap
plications of listerine or witch hazel, and
see to it that the clothing is loose, particu
larly about the waist and neck. Also soak
the hands and feet in hot water every
night.
H. A. B.— l gave directions for the
treatment of blackheads in last Sunday's
Call; also the recipe for cold cream. No
doubt you saw them.
ANNIE O.— As you did not inclose a
stamp I could not send a personal reply
to your letter. Besides, I very much pre
fer to answer questions through these
columns. Read the foregoing letters and
you will find your question answered.
TESSA— I must say the same to you
that I have iUMt said to Annie O about
the stamp. Flushing of the face usually
indicates a general perturbation of the
health. It may arise from indigestion
suppressed perspiration and vary often
from tight lacing. It is also caused by
nervousness and hysteria, because the
email vasomotor nerves which control
small vasomotor nerves which control
and regulate the cutaneous blood vessels
are disorderly in their action, and relax
and contract spasmodically. Take lots
of walks: take a good blood tonic; wear
no tight bodices or bandages; eat lots of
fruit, such as pears, oranges and figs
Avoid hot drinks; eat slowly and put the
feet In hot water and mustard powder
every night. See to it that your sieeping
room Is well ventilated.
N. A. H., No. 409. Enlarged pores are
very difficult to treat, and what will do
for one may not help another. A daily
tepid sponge bath will help keep the pores
of the body in a healthy condition and
less of the skin secretions will come
through the pores of the face. Always
bathe the face in cold water, as warm
water causes the skin to expand and
opens up its tiny valves. The diet is
most Important. Avoid all rich, greasy
food and eat plenty of fruit. A cotton
mask saturated with distilled water an*
worn at night is said to be excellent for
coarse pores.
T. M. P. S. See answer to H. A. B To
increase the size of the bust, massage It
gently with cocoanut oil. rubbing around
and around with the palm of the hand
Do this every night. It will be at least
two months before any development is
noticeable, but it is sure to come if the
massage is persisted in. And see to it that
the underwear is loose and fhat the corset
that you wear has a full, nuffy bust that
does not confine at all. Exercising with
the arms is nlso excellent.
MAROARET C. The red rash under
neath the skin probnbly comes from an
Impure condition of the blood. Remedy
that by plenty of exercise in the open air,
eating only such foods as are nutritious,
and use a good blood tonic prescribed by a
physician. For treatment for porous skin
read answer to N. A. 11. Most premature
wrinkles are caused by a relaxed and un
SEVEN YOKES.
healthy condition of the muscles and
nerves of the skin and by the almost uni
versal habit of contorting the face when
speaking. To ilo away with these wrinkles
massage frequently with the tips of the
j lingers, which have been dipped in cold
i cream, taking care to rub across the
creases.
FOUR CALL, SUBSCRIBERS-I am
sorry, but I cannot give you the formula
you wish. Specialists guard their se
crets as they do their lives. If this were
not so, you would not have to pay such
; an exorbitant prico for the preparation
! you mention. Here is the formula for a
1 face bleach which T think is very much
I like the prepared article you have been
using: Take a pint of distilled water,
and from this take two ounces and heat
i it to boiling. In this dissolve four grains
] of bichloride of mercury and then add
! fifteen drops of alcohol. Mix one-half
i ounce of the host quality of zinc and ten
drops of glycerine. Add to this the rest
i of the pint of water and then stir the two
' mixtures together. Bottle and always
; shake well before using. Apply with
; sniall, soil sponge, and wipe off before
j the liquid dries. As this mixture con-
I tains bichloride of mercury I do not rec
ommend it, and would myself infinitely
prefer using the cucumber milk, formula
! for which is given in the last part of my
I talk.
G. A. C—Read answer to Daisy M. I
do not recommend hair dyes. Most of
I them are poisonous and dangerous, or
■ else color the scalp and'give the head a
most uncleanly appearance. There is a
! tonic of claret and sulphate of iron
which has a slight coloring effect. The
proportions are one gram sulphate of
iron to sixty grains genuine claret. Boil
for one minute and when cold, bottle and
cork. Wash the hair with this twice a
week, allowing It to dry on. This
strengthens and Invigorates the hair
bulbs, and thus brings back the natural
tints. I cannot understand why any one
I objects to white hair. It softens the
lines of the face, and to my mind is very
beautiful. You might try clear claret on
the eyebrows. MME. HYGEIA.
■ ♦ «
What London financial authorities say
was the largest check on record was paid
in that city iecently in the fin«tl kettle
! ment of Japan's war Indemnity claim
I against China. The Chinese Minister to
England presented to Mr. Namaya, repre
senting Japan, a check for £12,500,000,
about $62,0fi0.000. It was payable at the
Bank of England, where most of the
money was deposited from the Hong
kong and Shanghai Bank a minute pre
| vlously.
GOOD WORK DONE BY
THE PATRIOTIC HOME HELPERS
THE call "to arms" that has sound
ed throughout our land has sum
moned from every large city, from
every little mountain town, from
villages and farms, men eager to
fight and, If necessary, to die for
their country, and in defense of
their flag.
The saying that "men must work and
women must weep" might very fitly be
changed to "men must fight and women
must comfort." Many of the soldiers who
marched away through a roar of wild
enthusiasm have left behind them rela
tives in need of more than comfort. Some
of these, even at this early date, are in
dire distress.
Upon the Red Cross Society has fallen
the brunt of all this wretchedness. Every
day wives, mothers, sisters and sweet
hearts come to their rooms, sometimes
but seeking information as to their loved
ones, for many a man enlisted and when
the time came to say good-by could not
"screw his courage to the sticking point,"
and left without even a farewell.
Cases of families left without money for
their immediate necessities have been re
ported every day, and in every instance
individual aid has been given. The work
that has been accomplished by the Red
Cross women is almost beyond belief to
one who has not actually seen it. While
they have lent always willing ears to
the confidences- which every arriving
troop has brought, they could not help
them more than with their sympathy.
And so the necessity arose for another
band of helpers. A number of patriotic
men and women met, confronted the
problem, and the Patriotic Home Help
ers' Society is the result. The officers
elected at the first meeting are:
Hon. W. W. Morrow, president; Hon.
James D. Phelan, first vice-president;
Major W. B. Hooper, second vice-presi
dent; Mrs. William Alvord, third vice
president; Mrs. H. A. Harland, secretary;
Bank of California, treasurer.
Executive board— Mrs. C. Mason Kinne,
Mrs. George W. Gibbs, Mrs. Lovell White.
Mrs. Walter E. Dean, Walter E. Dean,
Mrs. William Ashburner, Mrs. Horace L.
Hill, John M. Burnett, M. H. Hecht.
George E. Morse, Colonel J. C. Currier,
Hon. Tirey L. Ford.
Advisory board— Horace L. Hill, A. N.
Drown, T. 11. Goodman, General J. F.
Houghton and J. i>. Stetson.
Advisory board— Horace L. Hill, A. N.
Drown, T. H. Goodman, General J. F.
Houghton and J. B. Stetson.
Finance committee— Colonel Currier, T.
L. Ford, Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs. George
W. Gibbs, Mrs. Dean, Major Hooper, and
W. E. Dean.
Relief committee— Mrs. W. W. Young,
Mrs. George W. Gibbs, Mrs. William
Ashburner, Mrs. Horace Hill, Mrs. John
Moss, Mrs. Colonel Grannis, Mrs. James
Edwards, Mrs. Center, Mrs. J. J. Scoville,
W. E. Dean and Major W. B. Hooper.
On the membership roll are already ths
names of some of the most prominent
people of San Francisco.
This society has busied itself at the
ferry in connection with the Red Cross.
Nearly every soldier, when he arrived at
the ferry Red Cross rooms, to be fed, be
fore he started on his tramp to Camp
Merritt, has been glad to get the postal
cards which the patriotic Home Helpers
provided for him, on which to send a
cheering word to the anxious ones at
home.
One night at the ferry Red Cross rooms
a young soldier whistled, "The Girl I
Left Behind Me." A youth standing near
turned to him and said, fiercely, "For
God's sake shut up. 1 didn't dream what
whistling meant."
Carried away by his enthusiasm he had
enlisted without serious thought. It was
<i typical case.
There is something inspiring in the
bravery of the departed soldiers; there is
something pitiful in the courage of the
women who have been left at home to
fight the stern battle of poverty. In al
most every case it is work and not money
that is asked, and their cheerfulness and
resignation, their willingness to do labor
of any kind tug at the heartstrings and
bring tears to the eyes. Pathos and
humor, that is not without its tinge of
sadness, rub elbows.
With the husband gone many a woman
must face the commonplace, stern ques
tions, "How can I manage to pay the
rent? How can I get the mopey to buy
three meals a day for the children?"
It is a vulgar, commonplace, every-day
trouble, and within the four walls of her
home she must think it out alone.
In speaking of her experiences Mrs.
Harland, the secretary of the society,
JUDGE MORROW URGES SUPPORT FOR THE
PATRIOTIC HOME HELPERS.
® / IA HE Red Cross Society is doing a magnificent work. It is recognized
'*' 1 in national treaties and organized and recognized by law to care for
;" ' those hurt by "fire, famine and sword." I belong to the Red Cross
*f' X and am ready to do everything I can for Its furtherance. *
* There is, however, one field which the Red Cross has not en- ®
? tered, and that is the one which the Patriotic Home Helpers intend to
1 occupy. When the bread-winner of a family Is taken away some one ;*T
1 else must take up the burden which he lays down. Many of the volun
1 teers expect to send back their pay, but they will have expenses they did **%
<$> not count upon. They will be in a strange country, and maybe sick,
< j > . wanting what in ordinary circumstances they would not think of. "[
<§, Again, where a woman has sons who have supported her and one of 1
<S> them has gone to the war we can help out the family. ■jf
<$•<» <S> <$> <$> ♦ ♦'♦ <S><3> <S> ♦ <S><» ♦♦ ♦■♦ ♦ <2> _<$><$> <$> <S><3>«s> <S><^ <®> > >
paid: "It is so heart-breaking I am some
times almost afraid I cannot stand the
work. The women are all so sad over the
parting that the money part of it seems
trivial. Many of them talk so simply and
patriotically of their husbands or sons
j going, and do not seem to know how
bravely they are facing their loss ; We
want baby clothes, and wish those who
have little things that mothers need,
would send them to us. We must pro
vide for more than one or two little 'war
have little things that mothers need
to make them comfortable. Materials and
! clothing will be just as acceptable as
money. We need workers, too, to visit
and help in every way."
One woman came to Mrs. Harland ana
asked her, smiling through her tears, if
she would not help her to get work by
the day. "My husband has enlisted, and
there's nothing for me and the children.
Hut I've two strong hands and I'm willing
|to work and let him fight. You pee,
madam, if I could get work by the day I
could be with the children at night."
"But who will take care of them dur
ing the daytime?" asked Mrs. Harland,
glancing at a little girl not over 7, who
was holding the hands of two other chil
dren yet younger.
"Oh," said the woman, pointing to the
little girl, "Nellie can take care of them,
can't you, Nellie?"
"Yes, ma'am," answered the tot, "they'll
be all right ef I looks out for 'em," and
she drew herself up in a manner that
sat incongruously on her 7 years.
"Any way," the mother continued,
growing communicative under the kind
ly smile that met her, "any way, the
children are so good they won't be any
trouble. Johnnie is the best little boy
you ever saw. He says he is going to
be a policeman when he grows up."
"Don't want to be a cop," bawled
Johnnie, "I wants to be a soldier."
Upon being promised that he could
change his first love and be a soldier
when he was "growed up" his tears
ceased.
A young woman with a sweet dimpled
face," a girl who had married at 16, who
now has a boy 4 years old and another
aged six months, wants to get sewing
to do at home. As she sat with the baby
In her lap -while the small boy held tight
to baby's hand and looked up shyly from
under his yellow curls, she happily did
not realize how serious was the outlook, j
"It is such a fix to be in, with no !
money. George has been trying to get :
his money and can't. He is a musician
and played in a saloon, but the man
kept getting behind with his wages, ana j
George had no money to go to law, so
what could we do? Well, George de- !
cided to go to Manila. Pay in the army '
is sure, and we didn"t think he'd have ■
to wait two months for it. We didn't j
think it would be quite so hard, but I
can sew, and Georgie is a big boy and
takes care of the baby, don't you, Geor- I
gie? Hold up your head, and tell the ;
lady your name. He's awful bashful and i
ain't used to strangers."
Another case was that of a girl of 17.
Her husband sailed on the first expedi- J
tion. He left an order for her to draw ;
his pay, and they supposed it would be
a.i right, but there has been no provi
sion made by the Government to cash
the orders for the privates.
"It's my own fault," she said. "I kept
rowing with Tom, and he always said
ONE OF THE MOST FASHIONABLE OF THE SUMMER DESIGNS.
he wouldn't stand it, so, one day we
quarreled, and lie enlisted. We made ii
up and he was sorry. He'd rather quar
rel with me than go to war. but he's
gone now, and if he ever comes back I'll
be a better wife to him. Tom's a good
boy, and I ain't half good enough for
him."
She had been a nursemaid, ari*'l wants
a home now, where she can work. She
has used up nearly all her money, and
must give up the three rooms that have
been her home.
A German woman with eight children
needs help, too. She wants to get wash
ing or scrubbing or any work, and is
strong and neat and intelligent. "Carl
had his courage clean knocked out of
him He -■ worked at the Union Iron
pp/r s > an fl -was, always having accidents.
Fear got into him, so he wasn't fit to
work around machinery. It broke him all
up to leave -me and the children. He'll
get his pay regular In the army, and
though it isn't much we are used to not
having a great deal. The children are
getting bigger, and maybe the change
will be .what Carl need."
How patient and strong and true the
women of the poor so often are, women
.. are ."used to not having a great
deal!'
.Another family who would be glad of
help are a . mechanic with his wife and
<$> <$><S><S> -€><$> <$><$><$><$> ><3><s> <s> <«> <$> <$<$>
I MRS. LOVELL WHITE DECLARES THE SOCIETY'S %
* WORK IS URGENTLY NEEDED.
♦ 1\ /[ T hole sympathy goes out to this work, and though I cannot give A'
?'/.'■ II /I It the active attention I should like I shall be glad to serve on ?-' :
''" I V I the committees where "my assistance has been asked. The or- &\
-L TJ. ganization should be like the Red national, and not merely <s>;
<S> ' a city. society. Its work is needed in every town and city where *
♦ there are the 1 ' families of the soldiers who have gone to the war. I ®'
♦. The work is not one that can wait, but relief must be given at once, ®
3* how, before it is too late. The war makes sorrow enough and we who
stay at home and secure the" benefits of the sacrifices of those who go
"I ,to the front ought to consider it not a duty but a privilege to help those -
J t , helpless families whose sole supports have gone to the war to fight for
us all and their country.
<$> ■ ■ .•,■.:'■.'■.■.'■ -•■ ■ > '■'■■ '■':'■ <&
two children. The man has been out of,
work for more than a year, with the ex
ception of a few odd jobs. They had been,
very comfortable and had laid up quite a j
sum, but the money has 1 een gone for
some time now, and they know what
it is to be hungry. The woman has never
been strong, and is not able to do more
than care for their one room and the
children. The boy, a d,ear little fellow of
eight, says he can eatn enough to keep
them all. He is so confident of success,
in spite of the failure there has been in
his home, and already assumes command \
of the small sister, who runs errands for
him, so that he need not leave the house,
"for," he says, "the lady has promised me.
some work, and she might send for me
while I was out."
To these simply told tales of sorrow and
privation the Patriotic Home Helpers are
constantly listening and doing all In
thoir power to alleviate the suffering.
At the earnest solicitation of Miss May
Hooper, who has placed parlor bq. of the
Occidental Hotel at the disposal of the
society, the Associated Charitifs has
been asked to assist in the investigation
of the cases that come in. This society
has trained visitors, accustomed to the
relief work, who can render a clear, un
biased report, not allowing their sympa
thy to run away with their judgment.
The work done by the Associated Cnari
ties. howover. does not interfere with the
visiting committee of the Patriotic Home
Helpers.
Often a case will be reported so urgent
as to require immediate relief, which is
given before the case can be referred to
the Associated Charities. This assist
ance from such a well established society
will inspire confidence in those who give
as to the wise disposal of their money.
It will also protect the Patriotic Homo
Helper? from professional beggars until
their own corps of workers has been ef
ficiently organized.
The society has formed an employment
bureau, which will be one of its chief ob
jects. While most of the women must
have sucn work as can be done at home,
there are others who are anxious to find
employment that will give them a home
as well.
Already a number of enthusiastic peo
ple are hard at work setting up entertain
ments to raise funds for the society.
GIVING ONE'S WEIGHT IN GOLD.
-xi May 8, 1885, Kama Varma, the Ma
harajah, or "Great King"— the highest
title now held by any Hindoo sovereign
— of Travancore, the southwesternmost
State of India, conformed to a pecu
liar custom which is always observed
once during the reign of each of, its
monarchs — a ceremony traceable back
to the fouith Christian century. It is
called "Tv '-^arani," which signifies
"scaleweighing," and consists in the
Maharajah being seated on the scale of
an ornamental balance, with his sword
and shield, which, of course, add largely
to the weight, while in the other scale
are heaped on gold coins, each < ? which
has the name of the god inscribed upon
it.
This Maharajah himself weighed
about 9 stone, or 126 pounds, and to bal
ance him alone would therefore require
about 7170 gold coins of the value of our
English sovereigns of £1 each. But the
clothing and armor so add to the
weight, that the ceremony in this re
spect generally costs about £12,000,
and there is an additional expendture
of about £4000 besides on these occa
sions. "• : .
It has been stated that the money Is
afterwards dispensed in charity; but It
is really * distributed to the Brahmins,
who are the highest Hindoo caste, and
regarded as a most sacred one, and the
coin is divided a— ong them in various
proportions, according to their dignity
and 1 claims. It therefore depends upon
the character of the recipients whether
any portion of the gift ever reaches
those who most need ! it.
The Maharajah had no long time for
accumulating kingly treasury. Though
born in 1837, he had succeeded on the
j><3><S> <s»> <s><s>' W<s> <3> V<3> ♦ <S> <J> <S> <$> <$> ♦
throne his brother, Vanchi Bala Rama
Varma. as lately as 1880, and he died
the same year that he bestowed this
gift of his weight in gold; the present
Maharajah succeeding him on August
19, 1885. Though his kingdom covers an
area of 6730 square miles, and has a
population numbering 2,557,736, its rev
enue does not exceed 881,000 rupees, each
formerly worth 50 cents, but, owinj to
the depreciation in the value of silver,
i\ has sunk far below the $2,502,254 at
which is was estimated a few years ago.
A former Maharajah, probably because
his reign was so lengthened, went
through the ceremony a second time,
giving away, on this latter occasion,
his weight in silver, as a thanks offer
ing.
2728
DESCENDING A CLIFF TO PHOTOGRAPH AN EAGLE'S NEST.
The Above Picture Is From an Actual Photograph, and Shows Professor Cherry Kearton Sus
pended in the Air, Several Hundred Feet Above the Ground. The. Daring Naturalist
Frequently Got Into Equally as Dangerous Places, and All for fhe Benefit of Science.
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
Last Tuesday Grand Matron Mrs. Por
il Grand Patron Rowe paid a visit
to Ari.l Chapter at Antioch.
Chapter, at its- last held
ad Initiatory work, receiving
Into membership one of the very promi
: members of the Masonic order and
Ins wife.
Harmony Chapter lias changed its;
: ng place from Eastern to Laurel ;
Hall In the Shiels building, as the for- \
i: .i . though a large hall, was found to |
■immmlate the mem- i
Ip and visitors. At its last held
g this chapter Initiated three can
didates and followed the ceremony with
banquet.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
■ l Master Brueck announces the
following visitations in July: Saturday,
Julj 9, to U mpoc Lodge: Monday, 11. to
la Lodge; Tuesday, 1-. to Na
dmlento L<"^<> at San Miguel; Wednes
day, 13, to Alisal Lodge, Salinas; Thurs
:i. to Mound Lodge, Hollister; Fri
15, to Laguna I .• <l^e. Guadalupe
:i\>; Saturday. 16, to Choro Lodge,
:.us Obispo; Monday, 18, Cayucos
lal); Tuesday, 19, to Hesperian
. i 'ambria.
The "'id Fellows' Hall Association has
following officers for tho cur
rent year: M. J. Platshek, president; J.
W. Harris, vice-president; C. F. O'Nell, |
secretary; the Bank of California, treas
urer; It. H. Lloyd, attorney.
Last evening the excelsior degree team
conferred the second degree on a number
ndidales. There were present a
number of the soldier « ><l<l Fellows.
, The entertainment and dance which
Oriental Rebekah Lodge had arranged
for last W«o*nesday night has been post
poned until next Wednesday on account
ot the death of a member of the lodge.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Deputy Qrand Master Workman Edwin
nh lias established a school of in
struction, which meets in Shiels build
ing, for the purpose of. giving the district
deputies and the ofOcers-elect who will
take office next month such information
and advice as they may require, that all
may uniformly carry on the business of
■
On Thursday night there was a meeting
of at least 200 members In the ball of Pa
cific Lodge, attracted there by a desire
to witness the conferring of the Oriental
degree on thirty-one who were anxious to
understand it. The ball was tastefully
decorated v.ith the American colors, and
.i short business session the lodge
was turned over tfc F. C. Gordon and his
i.;,m tor the exemplification of the de
which was given in the fullest in a
Very manner. After that there
was a banquet, and at the close addresses
by Governor Richards of Wyoming,
George C. Pardee, Chief Justice of the
same State; and others.
On Friday night there was a joint ses-
Binii of California No. 1 and Occidental
jlo 8 on which occasion the degrees of
the order were conferred on eight candi
dates by Deputy Grand Master Danforth,
assisted by Past Master Clement of Spar
tan Lodge. There was a large attendance,
and after the ceremony there was a gen
oral pood time.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Tho recently elected officers of Cali|
fcrnia Parlor will be Installed by District
Deputy Grand President Judge J. J. Allen
of Oakland on T uly 6. The same evening
the officers of Mission Parlor will b,e me
talled by District Grand President Rey
nolds of Haywardu.
Klncon Parlor haa Invited its friends to
a public installation and banquet to be
given in Banquet Hall, Native Sons' build
ing, on the fxt-nlng of July 6.
The officers of Sequoia Parlor will be In
stalled on July 11 by Thomas Monahan of
San Jose. D. L>. G. P.
T. T. Crittenden, past president of Los
Osos Parlor of San Luis Übispo. who was !
in this city for two weeks under medical
ticiiment," expects to return to his home
to-morrow.
Ex-Grand Trustee Frank Sabichi of Los
Angeles has been appointed by President
Conley deputy grand president at large.
; Should his health permit, he will con
i tinue the good work he has been engaged
! in for some time past in the southern
part of the State.
On the 16th of July there will be a meet
ing in the main hall of the Native Sons'
building of the grand officers, deputies
and all the officers of local parlors, on
which occasion California Parlor will ex
emplify the ritual to the end that there
may be uniformity in doing the work in
all the parlors. After this work shall
have been concluded the degree team
from California Camp of the Argonauts
will confer that beautiful degree on can
didates. The original team, with one ex
ception, will do the work, and that ex
ception will be Frank B. Ryan, who is
now in the great Northwest. The place I
he left vacant will be filled by Eugene
Gauthier.
El Dorado Parlor has elected the follow
ing officers for the ensuing term: F. T.
Norton, P. P.; F. A. Smith. P.; D. D.
Lnwney, P. Mansgang and \V. J. Guin
nane, V. P.'s; R. Horber, T. ; J. G. Joly,
R. S. : E. N. P. Phelan, F. S. ; Eugene
I Egan. M.; E. H. Stroecker, F. Bragg and
F. J. Cunane, trustees ; Dr. W. J. Haw
kins and Dr. E. J. Frlsbie, surgeons: J. E.
O'Brien, E. G. Anderson and T. H. Casey,
reading-room directors.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Last Wednesday night Piedmont Par
lor gave a Dewey social In Chapman's
Hall In Oakland, which was well at
tended, and as the functions of this very
live parlor are always well managed and
very enjoyable, this patriotic one was no
exception to the rule.
On the evening of Friday, July 1, the
parlor will have a public installation of
the following named officers in Loring
Hall, Oakland: Mrs. Emma Munson, P.
P.; Miss Gertrude Surrhyne, I.; Mrs.
Emma Swaney, Mrs. Lilian Murden and
Mrs. Daisy Sommers, vice presidents;
Miss Amandai Hummerly, R. S. ; Miss Til
lie Wcmmcr, F. S.; Mrs. Tillie Frick. T.;
Mrs. Laura McCombs, M.; Mrs. Nelly
Dykes. Miss Clegel and Miss Benter,
trustees, and Mrs. Dr. Hennet Nash, phy
sician. Upon that evening there will be
presented to the parlor a beautiful flag.
The officers of Piedmont Parlor, N. S.,
will be installed in the same place the
same evening.
On motion of Miss Eliza D. Keith the
Grand Parlor adopted a resolution that
! the Grand Parlor Instruct subordinate
parlors to constitute themselves local his
tory and landmark clubs for the purpose
of collecting California legends, historical
facts, pictures and historical data of spe
cial Interest to California and to preserve
landmarks.
Mrs. Lena B. Mills of Orlnda Parlor
having been elected grand marshal of the
Grand Parlor, was last Thursday night
the guest of honor at a banquet tendered
her by the members of her parlor.
Mrs. Lena Hilke Mills of San Joaquln
Parlor, who was elected grand president
on her return to Stockton was met at
the depot by a delegation of her parlor
and a brass band and escorted to her
home.
Miss A. Mayberry, past president of
Golden State Parlor, now a resident of
Sacramento, was in this city last week
and visited the members of the parlor.'
Another visitor was Mrs. Jeenie E. Brown
of Piedmont Parlor.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
Ban Francisco Chapter, at Its meeting
last Wednesday night, bad a large at
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
THE BOOK OF THE WEEK.
* MORE FEVEL/mOJ^S ABOUT THE PpiY/\JE LIFE OF »
| TH/\G]<EpAy. «
g BY HIS DAUGRTER, MRS. ANNE THACKERAY RITCHIE. g
SHB third volume of Mrs. Anne
Thackeray Ritchie's "Biographical
Edition" of her father's works con
sists of the Yellowplush andJeames
de la Pluche papers and of the ex
travaganzas and comicalities of
the Michael Angelo Tltmarsh period.
The Introduction, which comprises for
ty-two pages, illustrated with drawings
never before published, adds a special in
terest to this edition.
More and more as Mrs. Ritchie's
method unfolds itself does it become evi
dent that these introductions are in fact,
if not in form, chapters of biography,
which In their entirety will constitute
an official memoir of Thackeray. Mrs.
Ritchie deserves the thanks of all Thack
eraymanlacs for having disregarded the
spirit of her father's reported request
that no such memoir should ever appear.
His reputation has not suffered, but, on
the contrary, has gained considerably by
the revelations which his daughter
makes and allows him to make in the let
ters and autobiographical notes included
in her scheme.
The introduction to "Pendennis" dealt
mainly with Thackeray's school and uni
versity days. The present introduction
takes up the thread of the narrative
from that point and shows us the future
author in his early struggles for fame
and fortune in London.
He affiliated with several young men
who afterward reached the goal of simi
lar ambitions. Alfred and Frederick Ten
nyson, Edward Fitzgerald, Charles But
ler and John and Henry Kemble were
among them.
These young Knights of the Mahogany
Tree used to meet and play and work to
gether, or sit over their brandy and wa
ter discussing men and books and morals,
speculating, joking and contradicting one
another— liking fun and talk and wit and
human nature and all fanciful and noble
things.
They all went their own ways. They
heartily admired one another (and no
wonder) and they encouraged the minor
graces as well as the major virtues.
Mrs. Ritchie quotes from a letter writ
! ten by Thackeray to Edward Fitzgerald
' after the latter's departure from London
in November, 1831.
"I don't think my rooms will ever ap
pear comfortable again," says the letter.
i "Here are your things lying in the exact
! place you left them. * * * The Kem
bles have called— J. yesterday, Henry to
day; he is a dear fellow, and we talked
; about nothing but you and the theater.
! * * ♦ " Then, again: "John Kemble
I stayed with me till 5 o'clock, when we set
forth on a walk; we went round the Re
1 gents Park, and he had the talk to hlm-
I self. It was agreeable enough; about his
! Spanish adventures, and his friend Gen
, eral Torrijo's exploits. He has asked me
■to his house. * • * Mrs. Kemble has
i returned, leaving her daughter in Paris."
This was at the time Thackeray sat
1 every day In Lawyer Taprell's office
i perched on a high stool, drawing up legal
i documents. Mr. Taprell was a special
! pleader and conveyancer, and it would
• be curious to come across a legai docu
j ment in his pupil's handwriting.
Almost a year before this time Thack
eray and his family had come to the eon
i elusion that he should go to the bar. He
i himself wus anxious to begin work.
i Writing to his mother from Germany.
I January 25. IS3I, he says: "I do believe,
| mother' that it is not merely an appetite
I for novelty which prompts me, but really
a desire to enter a profession and do my
' duty in it. I am nearly 20 years old— at
that time my lather had been for five
years engaged on his. I am fully aware
how difficult and disagreeable my task
1 must be for the first four years, but I
have an end in view and an independence
! to gain; and if I can steadily keep this
before me I shall not. I trust, flinch from
! the pursuit of thorn." By the autumn of
; that year the young student was. estab
lished in the fomplo.
But his fancies soon strayed from law
to literature. Perhaps it was his ac
aualntance with William Maginn. the
first professional litterateur with whom
he became intimately acquainted, that
formed the turning point In his career
The earliest mention of Maginn in the
tendance, and after the initiation of two i
candidates. Dr. J. P. Lefevre. on accouivt
of business engagements preventing hlni
from attending to the duties tendered his
resignation as one of the trustees, ana
in his place G. H. Daggett was elected
J J Cullen, the secretary, was installed
as treasurer for the balance of the cur
rent term, he filling both offices.
It was decided that the members of
the Guild are to have a private picnic m
one of the groves at Haywards on the
10th of July. It is expected that there
will be about 150 persons present. At tn«
meeting there was the assurance of sixty,
and it was stated that a number who
were not In attendance had signified their
intention of going on that outing.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Golden Era celebrated Bunker
Hill day by a grand high jinks In its
hall in the Alcazar building. There was
presented a varied programme which In
cluded patriotic addresses and entertain
ing numbers. There were present Captain
Wnnkowsky of the Seventh California
Volunteers and a number of non-com
missioned officers and privates of the
same regiment who are members of the
order In the southern part of the State.
The opening address was by H. K. Asher,
G. S. W., who delivered an eloquent pa
triotic oration that voiced the sentiments
of all present, judging from the wild ana
I prolonged applause with which It was re
ceived. Then followed the programme
that had for its features: Banjo solo,
Harry Weaver; comic stories, T. F. Ed
wards; boxing exhibit, Charles Pk-kara
and Otto Jackson; "Our Order," Grand
Secretary John J. Cordy; wrestling match,
L. Manlock and Joe Meagles; mandolin,
and guitar selections, C. Belasco and F.
Bodrigue; humorist sallies, J. Laboeman;
Messrs. Goldstone and Walker, piano and
mandolin selections; vocal selections by
the Bolaway quartet; feats of juggling,
E. A. Smith; stump speech by Ed A.
Smith, and a comic story or two by L.
}luss; William Gall was "the clown or the
evening." The committee furnished cigars
and refreshments and all had a pleasant
time.
At the meeting of Court Sutro Heights
last Thursday night W. P. Burnham and
Charles Abraham were Initiated into the
mysteries of the order. After the regular
business, Sam Yehl, the accomplished or
ganist of tiu' court, entertained with se
lections on the piano and then furnlsned
entertainment with selections on the
phonograph. J. W. Richardson rendered
choice music on the mandolin, George J.
Strong and L. N. Boukofsky delighted the
court with vocal music and several other
members contributed to a pleasant even
ing's enjoyment.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST,
F. OF A.
Last Monday night the members of
Loyal Circle of Oakland, wishing to honor
Mrs. Flora Jacobs, who at the last held
sossion of the Grand Circle was elected
grand subchief companion, tendered her a
surprise reception in Giers HaJl. She had
been notified that as right guide she
would be expected at a stated hour to be
on hand to take her part in the initiatory
work. When she arrived she was ushered
into the ante-room, where, instead of
finding a candidate, she discovered, to her
surprise, more than a hundred Compan
ions, who greeted her with a very cordial
welcome. She was then escorted to the
main hall, where there was spread a
bountiful collation, which had been ar
ranged under the direction of the com
mittee, consisting of M. E. Harris, P.
C. C. Mrs. H. Ross, Mre. R. Cohn, H. W.
Ross, Henry Cohn and Max E. Licht.
Among those present were* Ira D. Co
burn, G. C. C; Mrs. Jacobs, the guest of
honor; Mrs. Emma Harrington, P. G. C.
C and V. G. H. B. ; Miss A. D. Bremer,
grand recording secretary: Grand Trus
tees Mrs. Kemp Van Ec and Mrs. Davis,
Grand Right Guide Miss M. Foye and a
number of members of circles on the other
and this side of the bay, prominent among
the latter being a large delegation from
Palo Alto Circle.
During the evening there was an ad
dress or welcome and congratulation to
diary which young Thackeray kept in
those days occurs under date of Wednes
day, May 2, 1832.
"Dr. Maginn called and took me to the
Standard, showing me the mysteries of
printing and writing leading articles.
With him all day till 4. Dined at the Sab
lonnlere."
Next day he dines with Dr. Maginn at
the King's Head. "A dull party of low
literary men." "Wrote yesterday to E.
F. G. with a letter as from Herrick. Might
have been made pretty, but was poor
enough. How can a ninn know his own
capabilities? Not by reading, by which I
one acquires thoughts of others and gives
one's self the credit of them. Bulwer has
a high reputation for talent, and yet I
always find myself competing with him."
Then, again, a little further on: "Ma
ginn with me all the morning, one of the
pleasantest I ever passed. Maginn read
Homer to me and he made me admire It
as I had never done before; moreover, he
made me make a vow to read some Homer
every day, which vow I don't know
whether I shall keep."
"Here is the day for which I have been
panting so long. He was now of agw,
and his own master. The first use he
made of his freedom was to throw away
his law books and set out for Paris to
study the art and literature of the gay
European capital.
In July, 1833. he writes to his mother
from Paris that he has been thinking very
seriously of turning artist. "I think I
can draw better than do anything else, and
certainly like it better than any other oc
cupation. Why shouldn't I? It requires
a three years' apprenticeship, however,
which is not agreeable, and afterward the
way Is clear and pleasant enough. An
artist in this town is by far a more dis
tinguished person than a lawyer, and a
great deal more so than a clergyman."
At first the allusions to Dr. Maginn are
full of praises of his scholarship and
kindness and clover talk. But as Thack
eray grew to know the brilliant Bohemian
better he saw and deplored the darker
shades in his character, his drunkenness,
improvidence and neglect of his own fam
ily. Years afterward he was to put all
he knew of Maginn into the Captain |
Shandon of "Pendennis."
This was the period when the reform !
j bill was being fought inch by inch.
Thackeray, like most of his friends, was a I
Liberal. When Charles Buller stood for
Parliament as a candidate for Liskeard. j
in Cornwall, Thackeray went up there to
help elect his friend, and even delivered a. !
few speeches for him.
But he was never a keen politician. Pict- '
ures and plays formed a much larger |
| share of his early interests than either !
; politics or law rases, only he sympathized |
: warmly with his friends and companions,
and never hesitated to utter his sympa
j thles.
Of mere journalism he was evidently
! getting heartily sick. Three months later, '
, being then in London, he tells his mother |
i that "this system of newspaper writing !
I spoils one for every other kind of writing. ,
1 am unwilling, now more than ever, to
write letters to my friends, and always !
find myself attempting to make a pert,
critical point at the end of a sentence."
In October he Is bark in Paris again,
and writes to his mother: "I want now to |
settle, to marry, and then to live In the
little house in Albion street, going to
church regularly, rising early and walking
in the park with Mrs. T.
"Then what Interesting letters I could I
write you about Bill's progress in cutting i
his teeth and Johnny s improvement in
spelling! As it is, I have nothing eartiny
to talk about except myself— and I am
tired of filling my letters with l's.
"I spend all day now at the Atelier, and
; am very well satisfied with the progress I j
make. I think that in a year, were I to
work hard, I might paint something worth
looking at. The other men at the Atelier j
are merry fellows enough, always sing- ;
j ing, smoking, fencing and painting very !
i industriously besides. Most of them have j
I skill in painting but no hand for drawing. <
I wish you could see the scene every day
in the Atelier. Yesttrday we had a break
fast for five, consisting of five sausages,
three loaves and a bottle of wine, for 15
sous. Afterward pipes succeeded, and
then songs, imitations of all the singers in
Paris."
It is well known that the Literary
Standard did not fly for very long. After
it was hauled down Thackeray returned
to Paris a,nd resumed his painting.
In 1836, at the age of 2~>. Thackeray
married. His bride was a Miss Isabella
Creagh Shawe, a young Irishwoman of
good family. He himself told Mrs. Ritchie
th" guest of the evening by M. E. Licht,
addresses by the grand officers, Mrs. il.
Worms. Miss Ahrams, Mrs. Ross and J.
J. Harrington, by the modest member
from Inter Nos Circle and Mips May Bai
ley of Bonlta Circle. There was also a vo- j
oal solo by Miss Nettie Morris. After that j
there was dancing and a short pro- j
gramme of song, music and recitation, i
The reception, a surprise to the recipient,
was a very enjoyable affair.
The officers-elect of Loyal Circle will be
publicly installed on the 11th of July, in
Gier's Hall. ',
COURT YERBA BUENA, I. O. F.
Last Tuesday night as Court Yerba
Buena No. 913 of the Independent Order
of Foresters was closing its routine busi
ness the member of the court whose duty
it Is to stand guard at the outer door an
nounced that the United States army
was coming, and in a few moments
Lieutenant Walsh of the Thirteenth Min
nesota and some thirty men of his regi
ment, all members of the order, entered
the court and were received with an en
thusiastic welcome. At the request of |
Chief Ranger Wate, Recording Secretary j
Ben I. Salomon took charge of the court,
and after delivering a few well-chosen
words of welcome to the visitors opened
an impromptu programme of entertain
ment, which Included an address by
Vice High Chief Ranger Charles S.
Peery, one of the best that he ever de
livered; recitation by Dr. J. G. Crawford,
a violin solo by Master Balart and oth
er members. The visitors and mem
bers were provided with cigars and
refreshments, which were obtained
on the "hurry-me-qulck" plan," and
by midnight the visitors and mem
bers came to the conclusion that they
had been well entertained, and that the
master of ceremonies was a great suc
cess in geting up affairs of that char
acter on very short notice. After many
of those present had personally thanked
the recording secretary for the pleasure
he had afforded them there were sung
patriotic songs, and then adjournment
followed. If the Minnesota regiment re
mains here for some time the court will
entertain the Forester members again.
Last Sunday the anniversary of the
founding of the order was observed in
this city by a service in the Central M.
E. Church, which was attended by about
two hundred and fifty of the members
of the local courts and a number of the
soldier Forsters from Camp Merritt. The
sermon delivered by Rev. Mr. Locke was
an eloquent one and it created a deep Im
pression on those who listened to It.
The Foresters formed in a body at Wash
ington Hall at 7:30 o'clock in the even
ing and marched to the church.
STATIONARY ENGINEERS.
Last Tuesday evening San Francisco
No. 1 of California, National Association
of Stationary Engineers, enjoyed an old
time smoker in its hall at 20 Eddy street
and spent a most enjoyable evening:. The
Fort Wayne Electric Corporation re
cently donated to this association a very
handsome electrical switchboard to be
used in the education of the members in
the various uses of electricity, and the
Weston Electric Manufacturing Company
added a contribution in the nature of in
struments. There were short addresses
by President Elsasser. Professor Van der
Is'aillen and others, after which the cur
rent was turned on the board and there
was presented interesting and instructive
electrical work. This was followed by
a good programme of music, song and
humor, and a collation was served. It
was midnight before the members con
cluded that ot was time to depart.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The progressive euchre party given on
the evening of the 16th inst. by Social
Council in its hall In the Red Men's
building was a very pleasant event. The
winners were Mrs. Lyons, ladies' first
prize; J. S. Karr, gentlemen's first prize.
The booby prizes went to Mrs. E. Bryant
and F. C. Arinny^ who could not have '
that he lost his heart to her mother when
he heard her sing. She had a very sweet
voice and an excellent method.
The young couple took up their abode in
the Rue St. Augustln, not far from that
little restaurant afterward made famous
in the "Ballad of Boullabaisse."
Some prescience, some dim shadow of
the awful bereavement which was to
come seems to have fallen upon him
when, in 183S, he wrote a very Deautiful
letter to his wife, from which the follow
ing passage may be quoted: "Here we
have been two years married and not a
single unhappy day. Oh, I do bless God ;
for all this happiness which he has given
me. It is so great that I almost tremble
for the future, except that I humbly hope
(for what man is certain about his own
weakness?) our love is strong enough to
withstand any pressure from without, and
as it is a gift greater than any fortune, is
likewise one superior to poverty or sick
ness, or any other worldly evil with which
Providence may visit us. Let us pray, as
I trust there is no harm, that none of
these may come upon us; as the best and
wisest Man In the world prayed that he
might not be led into temptation. • • •
I think happiness is as good as prayers,
and I feel In my heart a kind of overflow
ing thanksgiving which is quite too great
to describe in writing. This kind of hap
piness is like a fine picture; you only see
how beautiful it is. I don't know that I
shall have done much by coming away,
except being so awfully glad to come
back again.
It will be seen that this introduction is
full of biographical and autobiographical
interest, but it reveals very little that is
new about the books which it professes to
"introduce."
"I hardly know," says Mrs. Ritchie,
"nor if I knew should I care to give here
the names and the details of the events
which suggested some of the Yellowplush
papers. The history of Mr. Deuceace
was written from life during a very early
period of my father's career. Nor can
one wonder that his views were some
what grim at that particular time, and
still bore the impress of an experience
lately and very dearly bought.
"He was naturally trustful and even
enthusiastic about people who had been
kind to him, but, as it seems scarcely
necessary to say, the author of 'Vanity
Fair' had a great deal of common-sense
and a very rapid perception of facts when
they finally shaped themselves.
"As a boy he had lost money at cards to
some card sharpers who scraped acquaint
ance with him. He has told us that they
came and took lodgings opposite to his, on
purpose to get hold of him. He never
blinked at the truth nor spared himself;
but neither did he blind himself as to the
real character of the people in question
when once he had discovered them. His
villains became curious studies of human
nature. He turned them over in his mind
and he caused Deuoeace, Barry Lyndon
and Ikey Solomons Esq. to pay back some
of their ill-gotten spoils in an Involuntary
but very legitimate fashion when he put
them into print and made them the heroes
of those grim early histories."
"Major Gahagan" burst into life, boots
and all. In Colburn's New Monthly Mag
azine for IS3B. In a frontispiece to "Comic
Tales and Sketches" are to be found the
three portraits of Major Gahagan. De la
Pluche and Michael Angelo Titmarsh,
arm In arm. "They are supposed to be
marching hand in hand on the very brink
of immortality," says Mr. Titmarsh in
his introduction.
Yellowplush, that bird of rare plume,
also belongs to this same early burst of
fun and springtime. Yellowplush con
tinued his literary efforts for some years;
but as he went up in the world he became
Jeames de la Pluche Esq. The longest
lived of the three Was Michael Angelo
Titmarsh, that droll shadow, behind
which Thackeray lived to shelter himself.
In Barries life of his mother he tells us
how she wonders that ho should always
write as if he were some one not himself.
Sensitive people are glad of a disguise,
and of a familiar who will speak their
thoughts for them.
GENERAL LEE'S NEW BOOK.
Within a very few days General Fitz
hugrh Lee's great book on Cuba will be
placed before the public. It is now on
the press, and as fast as it is printed and
bound will be sent out. It will be pub
lished at a price within the reach of
every one, as the writer particularly de
sires that It be read by all the people.
Fitzhugh Lee knows more about the
played worse than they did had they
tried.
There was a good attendance last Mon
day night in the hall of Empire Council
on the occasion of the visit of the Pro
gressive Council. Among the grand of
ficers who were present were Past Su
preme Councilor Arnold. Grand Councilor
Boehm and Grand Treasurer Clara Mc-
Donald. During the evening Mrs. yon
Buckley favored with piano selections.
W. B. Diinlap, P. C, delivered an inter
esting address on "Fraternal Insurance;"
the Misses Broderick sang a duet;
Miss Lulu Underwood gave an exhibition
of fancy dancing and entertained with a
song; Mr. and Mrs. Shearer favored with
specialties, and vocal selections were ren
dered by J. L. Cahill, Mrs. E. yon Buck
ley, D. G. Harrison, J. Petty and others.
The meeting was one of the most pleas
ant had for some time.
Evans Council is making arrangements
for the public installation of its officers
on the evening of the 30th of July.
Golden Gate Council on Friday night
elected the following named to serve for
the ensuing term: Mrs. A. Boehm, P. C. ;
S. H. Simon, C; Miss M. Noonan, V. C;
M. Boehm, S.; Mrs. C. Cator, T.; j.
Lauer, P.; Dr. J. Patton. M.: F. H. Jacft
son, W. ; H. Ewing, guard; Mrs. M. Down
ing, sentry, and Mrs. C. Beers, organist.
The officers will be publicly installed ou
July 8.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
Flag day was observed with appropri
ate ceremonies by the members of White
Eagle and Awashatee tribes in their hall
on the evening of the 14th inst. There
was a good attendance and almost every
member of the last named tribe was in
attendance. There was a fine programme
of talks and songs appropriate to the oc
casion, all present manifesting a high de
gree of patriotism. During the evening
Past Sachem Sellers of Awashatee Tribe,
on behalf of that tribe presented to
White Eagle Tribe a beautiful American
flag, and Sergeant Gleason, sachem-elect
of Awashatee Tribe, delivered an elo
quent long talk. There were also ad
dresses by Messrs. Blick. Truhe, Wag
staff, District Deputy Nielsen and others,
after which the council fire was quenched,
there was served refreshments and all
had a good time.
The public meeting held at Fort Jones,
Slskiyou County, under the auspices of
Ottittewa Tribe, was attended by a large
number of the people of that place who
were greatly instructed by the lecture on
the order that was delivered by Great
Chief of Records Charles F. Burgman.
The lecture was preceded by a tribal
meeting and followed by a banquet to
the visiting chief.
The visiting chief paid a visit to leka
Tribe at Yreka and to lona Council at
the same place. There he was well re
ceived by the membership of each boGy.
At Sissons he was met by a delegation
from Shasta Tribe, but want of time pre
vented him from accepting a pressing in~
vltation to remain.
Tehama Council has been Instituted at
Oak Park, Sacramento County, with thir
ty-eight charter members. The institu
tion was by Miss Mabel Curtis as great
Pocahontas, Mrs. E. J. Brazell as. great
keeper of records and Mrs. L. Gordon
us great Wenonah. The adoption was the
degree team of Wenonah Council of Sac
ramento under the direction of District
Deputy Mrs. Kate Wilson, who acted as
Pocahontas.
More than 3000 soldiers have visited the
tent of the Red Men at Camp Merritt,
and have availed themselves of the aa
vantages that this organization furnishes
to the boys in blue. There are a largo
number of men In the rank and file who
are members of the order.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
Argonaut Council of the Royal Arcanum
of this city observed the twenty-first an
niversary of the founding of the order by
a stag entertainment to Its members and
male friends last Thursday night in Shiels
building. There was a good attendance.
Regent George W. Dixon presided and
M. S. de Rooo, the secretary, acted as
master of ceremonies, and, according to
GENERAL FITZHUGH LEE.
From a Late Photograph.
Inside story of Cuban affairs than any
man living. He also knows the entire,
the true and the terrible story of Span
ish misrule in Cuba. In his work he will
bring out the truth and tell of things as
he saw them.
In Cuba General Lee was more than a
brave and far-seeing diplomat. He was
also the student and historian of events.
His every observation was recorded, his
every experience written down when
fresh In his mind. He took every advan
tage of his uneqiuiled opportunity to
know the truth, that he might give it to
the world In an intelligent and Interest-
Ing way. His memoranda, manuscripts
and illustrations being ready, he is able
to finish quickly and when most needed
his magnificent undertaking— a true, com
plete and enduring story of the rise and
rescue of Cuba. The author spares noth
ing that stands in the way of truth in
giving his "inside" information, including
many important facts that have hereto
fore been withheld from the people on
account of diplomatic relations with
Spain.
General Lee's work will make a book of
about 500 pages, printed on superior pa
per, beautifully illustrated with over 100
full-page plates, from photographs, many
of them collected by the author himself,
of actual scenes in Cuba.
Whatever doubt one may have held in
regard to the exact state of affairs in
Cuba will now be set at rest, for General
Lee tells on his own honor things he ac
tually saw and knows to be true. He has
made no attempt to embellish his work
nor has he concealed a single fact that is
fit to print. He has brought out the
whole terrible story and laid it where all
may see. It is a story that will stir the
heart and convince the minds of the
world, for it gives the whole truth for the
first time.
General Lee's book is being published
by J. A. Hill & Co.. 91 Fifth avenue, New
York.
WITH NATURE AND A CAMERA.
One of the most remarkable books on
natural history ever published has just
reached this country. It is by Richard
Kearton of the British Zoological Society
and is most unique in many points.
The work is chiefly remarkable for Its
pictures. These are all photographs from
nature and the extremes to which the
writer went to secure them are almost be
yond belief.
There are nearly 500 pages in the book,
the whole making a most excellent chron
icle of eight months' life in the open air
of the British Isles. It was Professor
Hearton's intention to make exact photo
graphs of wild creatures in their native
haunts, and he succeedfd. In his work he
was assisted by his brother, Cherry Kear
ton.
To secure certain of the pictures a week
was spent in the pouring rain. Others
were only secured by ascending beetling
cliffs at the risk of life. But the result
is certainly worth all the trouble.
In the book are llashllght pictures of
birds sitting on their nests at night, in
stantaneous views of eagles feeding their
young, puffins at home, snakes coiled
reedy to spring and a hundred others
equally as interesting.
The account of the trip is graphic and
interesting and the information conveyed
is of the most reliable kind.
"With Nature and a Camera"— By Richard
programme, "started the machinery" at a
quarter past Js o'clock. There were ad
dresses by Lieutenant Grant and Lieu
tenant Falk of the Minnesota regiment,
Hon. E. E. Ewing of Ohio. John B. Whit
ney and Thomas Banks. Then followed a
programme of song, music, stories and
recitations, with the accompanying cigars,
I sodia, etc. The order was represented by
the sitting council and Peralta. Oakland,
j Alameda and Golden West councils.
i This order requires but seventy-five
more members to enable it to institute a
Grand Council in this State.
WHIST
NO RECOGNIZED WHIST AUTHOTITY-
To the Whist Editor Call: I am one of the
many beginners who attend the Friday after
noon whist classes that are so popular and
given by the ladies of the Trist Duplicate
Whist Club, and also deeply interested in your
whist articles in the Sunday Call. I would like
to ask what whist book you can recommend
for me to purchase for the purpose of study-
Ing — one that is a recognized authority on the
game. -You will confer a great favor on a
humble student by giving me the resired In
formation. Very sincerely yours. ;
AIRS. E. M. T.
My Dear Madam: 'This question Is one that
has been and will be asked a great .many times.
It seems to me that it is a great misf rtune
to whist' players in general to be compelled to
say to our little lady correspondent that there
Is no ■ whist book written or printed that Is
universally - recognized -in this country as an
authority on the game. Many : individuals and
a few whist clubs accept some whist writer
or compiler of a book a», their guide and au
thority, but that is as far as it goes. When
the American Whist League : was formed in
1891, Mr. Nicholas Browse Trist, the father of
American leads, made a strong effort to carry
out. this -idea but failed, • and we believe the
league at that time • made • a serious mistake
when they neglected doing this very thing.
To-day the whist players of the country, as
well as every whist club in the land, are In a
state of chaos regarding their. whist play, this
condition of affairs being brought about by
having no recognized standard or system.
There are several hundred varieties of whist
books that can be purchased, some of which
are good, some bad. and some indifferent. If
you buy any particular one and show it to the
first "whist player" you meet nowadays, he
will tell you you should have bought the other
If the lady seeking the information had left
out the words "that is a recognized authority"
we could recommend to her several good whist
books, » but that "authority" clause bars us
from so doing.
It is to be hoped . that the American Whist
League will wake up from Its Rip Van Winkle
slumber some. time In the near future and have
the courage of its conviction, and say to its
whist children: "Accept this little volume- it
contains what we think is the best system of
whist play: we stamp It with our seal of ap
proval, and believe it Is the best route to take
to reach the goal." Its title page should be In
scribed
"Whist", as approved by the American Whist
League.
Ban Francisco, June 17. 189 S.
'> WHIST ABOVE THE CLOUDS.
Can any. one imagine such a scene as this
at a whist contest? During the intervals of
rest between the play of the ; deals to walk to
an open window and look out and down upon
a vast sea of clouds like a' rolling prairie, with
hills and plains |of what , appears •; to be moun
tains of pure white snow rolled In great banks,
tinted here and there with beautiful shades
from the reflection ;of ,; the sun, ;as far* as the
eye can; reach or imagination extend?"
This ; was .: the sight , that ? presented Itself : to
the ', enthusiastic whlsters who took the scenic
train |to I the | top of Mount " Tamalpais Saturday
evening [ last ?to* be i in . attendance '. at a j whist
contest between the Mill ■■ Valley and San Fran
cisco . Whist clubs. v; This , Is the panorama seen
dally from the top of this '• mountain. -■ It , was
a, happy thought on the part of the two presi
dents James ;A. Thompson and G. iE. Bates,
to I take . this most enjoyable : mountain climb. I
Thft contest lor to* trophy, was played In six
Kearton. Cassell & Co., London. Prlc* 21
shillings.
o BOOKS RECEIVED, °
o o
00000000000000000
"The Peacemakers"— By John Stranga
Winter. Lippincott Company. Fur sale
by William Doxey. Price, $1 25.
"Collections and Recollections, by Ona
Who Has Kept a Diary"— This is a ccolle- t
tion of reminiscences of society and puV»llo
men in England during the last seventy
five years, written by one whose observa
tion and experience seem to have pecul
iarly fitted him for the compilation of
such a volume. It may be regarded as
an addition to the anecdotal literature of
the Victorian era, supplementing thd
work already fione by Greville and Sir
William Lennox. Harper & Bros. Price,
$2 60.
"Evelyn Inness" — By George Moore,
For sale by William Doxey. Price. $1 50.
"The Londoners"— By Charles Hichens.
Herbert S. Stone & Co., Chicago. For
sale by Payot, I'pham & Co. Price, $1 50.
"Plays Pleasant and Unpleasant"— By
Bernard Shaw. Two volumes. Herbert
S. Stone & Co., Chicago.
"John of Strathbourne"— A romance of
the days of Francis I, by R. D. Chetwode.
For sale by William Doxey. Price, $1 00.
"A Champion in the Seventies"— By
Edith A. Barnett. For sale by Payot,
I'pham & C<>. Price, $1 50.
"A Revolutionary Love Story," and
"The High Steeple of St. Chrysostom"—
By Ellen Olney Kirk. For sale by Payot,
Upharn & Co. Price, $1 25.
"The Motorman's Guide"— By J. W.
Gayetty. A treatise on street railway
mechanics. Laird & Lee, Chicago. Price,
75 cents.
"Gladstone, the Man"— By David Will
iamson. A non-political biography of the
great English statesman. The work con
tains many valuable and unfamiliar pic
tures connected with the life history of
the subject. James Bowden. publisher,
London. England. All booksellers. Price,
75 cents.
"For the Defense"— By Fergus Hume.
A romance where African witchcraft,
mysterious strangers and barbaric wo
men are set in the sober framework of an
English provincial town. Rand, McNally
& Co, publishers. Chicago.
"Lucky Bargee"— By Harry Lander. D.
Appleton &. Co., New York. For sale by
William Doxey. Price, $1 25.
"Shifting Sands"— By Frederick R. Bur
ton. A readable summer romance. Rand,
McNally & Co. publishers.
"Green Fields and Running Brooks"—
By James Whitoomb Riley. Charles
Seribm-r's Son?. New York.
"Via Lueis"— A novel, by Kassandra Vi-x
varia. George H. Richmond & Son, Newy
York.
"The Vicar"— A novel, by Joseph Hat
ton. Lippincott Company, Philadelphia.
For sal*' by William Doxey. Price. $1.25.
"Two Parables"— By Charles R. Brown,
pastor of First Congregational Church,
Oakland. A collection of sermons sug
gested by biblical study. Fleming H. Re
veil Company. New York. Price, $1 00.
"Cornell Stories" — By James Jardner
Sanderson. Charles Scribner's Sons. Price,
$1 00.
"The Flying Islands of the Nipht"— Jamea
"Whltoomb Rllpv. Charles Scribner's Sons.
"A Duel With Destiny and Other Stories"—
Edith Toivnsend Everett Drexel Blddle, pub
lisher, Philadelphia.
DEGREE OP POCAHONTAS.
To-morrow evening the Daughters of
Montezuma. D. of P.. will give in Ruby
Hall, Red Men's building, another of thosa
pleasing entertainments and dance for
; which this council is noted. The commit
tee has arranged a tine programme for
the entertainment of all who shall at
tend and as there is always a good num
ber of handsome young ladies these will
attract many of the braves of the order,
also many young men who are good danc
ers, but are not braves of the order.
rounds. The first one broke even; the second
ended with Mill Valley 2 tricks to the good;
In the third San Francisco caught up again;
in the fourth San Francisco gained 2; the fifth
ended with Mill Valley 1 trick to the good, and
at the end of the next to the last deal the two
teams st.x)d shoulder to shoulder — even — but
In the last deal played, by an unfortunate slip
of Mill Valley, the San Franciscans gained 2
tricks and with it the Rideout trophy. This
\v;is une of the closest and most Interesting"
matches fvpr played for this trophy. Presl-k
dent Thompson of the Mill Valley Club de- 1*
s«-rves a wonderful amount of credit for holdlnj
down the strong team of the San Frarvisoo
Whist Club to two tricks. Try it again, boys.
TAVERN OF MT. TAMALPAIS CONTEST.
While the match for the Rideout trophy utis
being played Manager Ctrwley of the "Tavern"
had the big dining room cleared and a pro
gressive pair match was played by a large num
ber of visiting whlsters from the Trist Dupli
cate, San Francisco and Mill Valley Whist
Clubs. Both contests were In charge of the
president of the Pacific Coast Whist Associa
tion.
The top scores were made by Mrs. Frank
Jaynes and Mrs. W. R. Lovegrove, Mrs. P. J.
Tormey and Mr. Wellington. Miss Russell and
W. li. Story Jr., Mrs. J. R. HaJinify and H.
H. Russell, Mrs. G. E. Bates and Frank
Jaynes, Mr. Reynolds and L. L. Jaynes.
COMMONSENSE IN WHIST.
This Is the title to a new whist book from
the pen of R. F. Foster, whist editor of the
New York Sun. The author says it is the first
edition of a work which la intended to be a
whist players' annual— something on the plan,
of the books for the ben.-llt of amateur pho
tographers, giving the results of experiences
and investigations up to date. Next year the
work will be entirely rewritten and will em
body such modifications as may be suggested
by the practical experience* of those who shall
try the tactics outlined in the present work, and
will send ■ to the author their criticisms on
the various elements of strategy herein touched
upon.
Mr. Foster is one of the most versatile writers
on whist in this country. He has hi 3 peculiar
ideas and opinions and gives full vent to them
In his many whist books and writings. Up to
date whist players will read this book with a
considerable amount of amusement.
One thousand copies of this look will be
printed, and they will be sold entirely by sub
scription at $1 each. Orders should be sent
direct to the publisher. R. F. Foster, 506 Han
cock street, Brooklyn, X. Y.
HAS "ECHOED" HIS MASTER'S "CALL."
It Is sad to write these lines to announce to
the whist players of California the death of
H. H. Hotaling of the San Francisco Whist
Club and recording secretary of the Facifla
Coast Whist Association. Only a few days ago
Mr. Hotaling was in perfect health. Taken
suddenly with what his physician pronounced
appendicitis, they quickly resorted to the knife.
When this course was taken the end came, aa
It usually does. In nine cases out of ten, in a
few hours.
This sudden taking off of Mr. Hotaiing toj
a great shock to his large circle of friends,
particularly to his whist associates. Mr. Hotal
ing waa a great student of the game, and had
shown in many ways that he was a whist
genius. Hl6 funeral took place from the family
residence Friday afternoon, and was largely.
attended.NEW PLAYS AT
THE THEATERS.
THESE are the trying midsummer
days when the average manager is
overworking his brain to select
some entertainment sufficiently at
tractive to profitably retain the at
tention of the public. He has more
than the seasonal handicap this
year of regular patrons who are at the
various resorts. The existence of war,
contrary to the rule in most countries,
peems to detract public attention from
the pleasures of the playhouse and
in addition to this unwelcome fact
there Is Just opening a political campaign,
■which, considering the patronage and
emoluments involved promises to be one
of the most important In the history of
the State. The prizes in the game are
bo great, including Governor, United
States Senator and nearly all the other
offices. State and county, that the contest
■will undoubtedly be a hot one. This
means that a majority of the voters on
both sidea of the political fence will de
vote a large part of their evening leisure
to attendance on political meetings and
"doing" general night politics in the
Interest of friends who are seeking office.
These conditions have grave signifi
cance to the box office, and the only pos
sible way of meeting them successfully
is to offer the best attractions In the
market— such as will command and hold
the attendance of the public. In view of
the fact that San Francisco managers do
not have to combat the evil of hot
■weather, the arch enemy which compels
the closing of theaters in the sweltering
Eastern cities, it would seem that the
pleasure-loving people of this bailiwick.
•who have given San Francisco the well
earned reputation of being the best show
town of its population in the United
States, might be kept well in hand to the
profit and honor of the managers. The
fact is patent that high-class \audeville
succeeds in this particular effort in San
Francisco without special regard to the
wen t her. and In New York and Chicago.
Old Sol's ardent attentions ditve
thi- legitimate productions into limoo,
pending the advent of Jack Frost, the
frivolous but amusing specialty act is
given the "glad hand" and convoys the
financial craft through the slough of de-
Whether this class of attrac
tions is to be further advanced in the
estimation of the public, to the detriment
of the higher divisions of the drama, re
mains to br- determined, and the prob
lem is one that is puzzling sorr.e of the
brightest men in the business. M'he man
who finds an early solution thereto will
certainly receive a rich reward. In the
meantime we will accept with more or
less gratitude what Providence in the
form of the oooking agent sends us.
The local field of entertainment during
the coming week will include a new mili
tary drama, "Fort Frayne." by the well
known author. Captain King, at the Co
lumbia. It is said to contain several thrill-
Ing situations and to be a correct repre
sentation of the life of soldiers on the
plains and in Western garrisons, with
sufficient adventures to give it zest. As
the stage mountings and costumes are to
be exact and the Frawley Company is to
have the advantage of a supervision of
the production by the author, the results
phould be more than ordinarily interest-
Ing.
The Tivoli will provide comic opera by
■the revival of the popular musical "Boc
caccio," promising a strong cast, with all
the necessary stage accessories. Follow
ing this will come "The Mikado." The
Alcazar withholds the promised war
drama for further preparation, and will
present the historical play, "Frederick
the Great," a comedy with military trim
mings. The title role will be in the hands
of Lewis Morrison. Morosco's will have
Carroll Johnson in white face as an Irish
comedian in "The Gossoon," in which part
he will doubtless do well. The Orpheum
offers several new and striking acts to its
Jong list of good things, and, finally, the
California is to reopen with" that good and
venerable friend that never dies.
•'Uncle Tom's Canln." The cast will be
pji unusually strong one.
The Coiumbia.
The lively calls of the bugle and the
Tattle of the war drum will be heard at
the Columbia this week In the military
.drama, "Fort Frayne," by the author of
the popular novel of that name, Captain
King. The captain has been very success
ful with his books of life on the frontiers,
and as the story in question is a very In
teresting one and the production will be
under the direction of the author, "Fort
Frayne" should prove very entertaining,
particularly in these times of war. Close
attention will be paid to the settings and
costumes, and theater-goe_rs will see a
representation of garrison life a 8 it Is and
not as it Is conceived by authors who
would not know a garrison from a stock
yard. The story is laid in Wyoming, at
an army barracks near the Platte, and
develops some sharply drawn characters,
one of which is Crow KnfTe. an Indian
who appears In the play as a Lnited
States regular. j M . , .
He is one of the few of his race whom
the Government ha* been successful in
utilizing in the regular army, and his
participation in the scene which is the
pivotal point for the culmination of the
plot, makes him nne of the important
characters in the telling of the story. It
is quite a dramatic scene, and shows the
Indian's love for the son of the man
who spared the Indian women and chil
dren against the redskins. The renegade
eolflier. Royal Farrar. Is ordered undei
arrest for insulting an officer, and when
the guard is called In to take him he at
tempts to kill his superior with a knife,
tut instead mortally wounds the Indian
■who had stepped between them to pre
vent the deed. The soldier's confinement
In the tower over the room where the
ammunition is stornrt, and his attempt to
fire the place brings about his death and
injury of others, as well aa a way to the
ultimate happiness of those concerned. It
13 said that General King has given, in
this play, a correct reproduction of real
soldiers, living a real life in a Western
army post, with its bugle calls, glimpses
of the barracks aud snow-covered parade
ground. It is sara that "Fort Frayne," |
in its atmosphere and characters, comes
nearer photographing life in an army
post than any play we have had. The
cast will be Interesting at this time, as the
production is a new one.
The cast Is an excellent one, and In
cludes almost the entire strength of the
Frawley Company, as follows:
Malcolm Leale, Captain Twelfth United
States Cavalry, Edward M. Bell; Colonel
Fenton, commanding Twelfth United
States Cavalry and post of Fort Frayne,
I". S. A., R. G. Wilson; Dr. "Wayne, Sam
Edwards: "Will Farrar. second lieutenant
Twelfth United States Cavalry, fresh from
"The Point." Alfred Hickman; Jack
Ormsby, a New York broker and lieuten
ant in 'regiment N. G. S. N. V., T. Daniel j
Frawley; Terrence Rourke, corporal j
Troop C CLeale'fi), Twelfth United States .
Cavalry, T. F. O'Malley; Crow Knife, prl- j
vate Troop L (Indian), Twelfth United i
States Cavalry, Theodore Roberts; Royle
Farrar, alias Private Graice, Troop C,
Twelfth United States Cavalry. John T.
Burke: Sam Martin, David Conger: Mnr-
Jorle Farrar, widow of Colonel Farrar, |
formerly commanding Twelfth Unitea
States Cavalry, Miss Eleanor Carey; Ellin
Farrar, daughter of Mrs. Farrar, Miss
Fanchon Campbell; Kitty Ormsby. niece
of Colonel Fenton, Miss Maude Winter, |
AMUSEMENTS. j AMUSEMENTS.
San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1 887
WALTER wORPHEUM CO!, Proprietors.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, JUNE 2,7tU>
11- NEW AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN STARS OF THE FIRST MAGNITUDE -11
TBE THREE WATSON SISTERS,
.. - Assisted by the Mexican Gymnast,
JURIST IDE ZAMORA,
In their weirdly beautiful and startling Aerial Act. .'
CHAS.-- 'WAVNE,|APnrA -4SA£DWKIX,
Eaeentrie Comedian.' :. Charming Comedienne.
_____
Mosieal Artists, Vocalists ard Comedians. - «.
JONES, GRAM AND JONES,
. . . . The Greatest Genuine Colored Comedians. . Z
Continued Success of
MR. TIM MURPHY, I the four COHANS,
New Impersonations. _ • New act, ' 'Running for Ofloe." ;
...THE S JUDGES... I CARLIN AND CLARK,
Acrobatic Equilibrists : :. t ■."jl-_..*.  ■. - - German Comedians.* ' V""';V ""'; v
MATINFF Tt*-IIAY IlinP 9fitH Par SL u et. any seat, 25c: Balcony, 10c;
IflMiliiLL. U-UH. , OUIIUdJt JUIIC lOllli Opera Chairs and Box Seats 50c.
BALDWIN THEATER -; OLYMPIA | ' n |' dd °; «£»•* ;
D») NOT MISS IT. L ■'-''■ , GREATEST NEW BILL OF THE SEASON
The X"ovelty :0/ the Decade. - BARNEY REYNOLDS,', the Celebrated Come-
..TxrVr T.ABamv. m kv •• dlan: LA ROY SISTERS, MAUD ROCKWELL^
•TH.S PASSION PLAY. ENYVELL, LA MONT. .WILLIAMS and 810-
Two Perform*! Dally, 3 and B.M. Admis- GRAPH, With War Scenes.'-'. Admission Free."
eioa, With Seat*— Adults, 20c; 1 Children, 15c.- ' Matinee To-day. v ;'-.:■■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
Luoretia Fenton, sister of Colonel Fen
ton, Miss Lucille La Verne; Hans Kraut,
Louis Payne; sergeant, James Randolph;,
bugler. Edward J. Conway. Officers. so>
diers, sergeant of the guard, bandmen,
etc. \
The advance sales indicate that there
will be a large and fashionable audience
on the opening night, including many
military officers. On Thursday evening
a very numerous theater party "of Mystic
Bhriners, decorated in their parapherna
lia, will attend as a compliment to the
veteran, Sam Edwards.
The /\!cazar.
In order to make more perfect prepa
tion for an artistic production, the prom
ised war drama, "The Nation's Defend
ers," which was to have been presented
at the Alcazar to-morrow evening, will
be withheld and a historical pay, in four
acts.entltled "Frederick the Great," will
be put on. It Is a comedy, with some
military phases, and the incidents cover
a period of twenty years of the life of
the great Prussian King. George Foster
Platt, the author, has utilized many facts
of historical record fitted to the drama
tists' needs. The play recalls the many
talents and peculiarities of Frederick,
his honorable career as a statesman and
warrior, as well as scenes in his domestic
lif>\ showing his tribulations growing out
of his love of his former favorite. Baron
yon Trenck, for the King's sister. Prin
cess Amelia, which ends in the impris
onment of the Baron. The story also
covers the incidents leading to the war
between Prussia and Austria, and Fred
erick's efforts to compel his sister to wed
the King of Sweden, for state reasons.
During the four acts the stage will pre
sent settings of the apartments of the j
King in his winter palace, a view of the
country from the hills near Hochkirchen,
and several other historical scenes. Mr.
Morrison will assum^ the role of Freder
ick the Great, and his support will be the
strongest since his season began, as fol
lows: Lord Marischall James Keith,
Howard Scott; Earon Frederick yon
Trenck, lieutenant of the King's Own
Guards. Frank Denithow; Voltaire.
Francois Aronet, Lord Chamberlain of
: Frederick's court, Wallace Shaw; Gen
eral Hulsen of the Royal Hussars.Charles
Bates: Colonel Wallis, Austrian Envoy,
Wright Huntington; Fritz Hulsen. lieu
tenant of the Royal Hussars, George
■ Foster Platt; Dr. Maupertins, president
of the Berlin Academy of Sciences., Clar
i ence Montaine; an old peasant, Charles
: Bryant; Carl, in attendance on Freder
ick, Carlysle Moore; Elizabeth Christine,
Queen of Prussia, Miss Juliet Crosby;
Princess Amelia. Frederick's sister, Miss
Gertrude Foster; Countess yon Swartz
fekl. Mrs. F. M. Bates; La Barbarina, an
: Italian dancer, Miss Florence Roberts.
The TiVoli.
Variety is the order at the Tivoli these
! days, and as a result we are to have
; comic opera during the coming week.
It is to be the ever popular "Boccaccio,
; or the Prince of Palermo." There is to
; be new scenery, rich costumes and all the
j necessary surroundings to give it a bril
> liant setting, while the cast will be partic
! ularly strong. The title role will be sung
by Louise Royce. Helen Merrill will be
the beautiful Fiamefta; Edith Hall, Isa
■ bella, the domineering wife of the
cooper; Edna El?mere will make her first
appearance at this house as Beatrice the
flirting daughter of the barber, Scalza-
Irene Mull will be Peronella. Frametta's
duenna; John J. Raffael, Pietro. the
young Prince of Palermo, who desires to
live in reality the plots of Boccaccio's
novels; Edwin Stevens, the fussy Lam
bertucclo, a grocer; Phil Branson, the
drunken cooper, Lotteringhi; Barney Rey
nolds, specially engaged, the conspiring
bcalza. the barber; Arthur Boyce the
dashing friend of Boccaccio, Leonetto;
and Fred Kavanagh, the mischievous ap
prentice. Fresco. "The Mikado." Gilbert
and Sullivan's most popular wark, will
follow, with Elvia Crox Seabrooke as
Yum-Yum and W. H. West as Pooh Bah
This will be the first appearance this sea
son of these artists, whose advent will be
welcomed.
Jhe BaidWin.
The Baldwin still has a good drawing
card in the "Passion Play.'.' The repro
duction of the great religious drama by
the cinematograph is most complete and
effective, being photographic reproduc
tions of the scenes as shown at Oberam
mergau every ten years. There are thir
ty-six scenes, depicting the life of Christ
from the birth to the resurrection, with
accompanying lectures and music. Per
formances at 3 and 8:30 p. m. Seats, 25
and 15 cents.
J^orosco's.
The many admirers of Carroll Johnson
as a minstrel will have another oppor
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZARTHEATER
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
THE CELEBRATED CASE
TO-MORROW, MONDAY, NIGHT,
LEU/IS
MORRISON,
In the Historical Comedy
' By George Foster Platt, .
FREDERICK
THE GREAT!
Gorgeous Scenery and Costume*.
= 15c 25 c - 3'Sr .%
Maintained f^JV/j « J^> JJVj JUli
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
TO-NIGHT—
. LAST NIGHT ,
Of Our Successful Burlesque,
ALI 8.AJ8.A.!
TO-MORROW EVENING.'
. • : The Charming Opera .
"BOCCACCIO !"
Popular prices 25 and SO cents
No Telephone. .
The Only Rival of Astor's Battery.
HENRI MAURICE CANNON
IS AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON r AND" EVENING.
WONDERFUL ANIMALS IN ' THE ZOO!
- MIRTH AND •:• FUN ALL OVER :;>
THE ; GROUNDS. ; .','
Great Show in the Free Theater.
Don 1 1 *; Fail to See the • MOVING % WAR
,;Sv ; - : ; -: ' , '■■:'? PICTURES. V.'.v.vi* \ .■■■.;■'::.-.,:
10c, "■ Including : Zoo : and ; Theater ; :• Children.' Be*
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. :' SOLDIERS FREE.
tunity to see him in white face. After
two continuous years under hurnt cork
he will return to Morosco's and he seen
in an Irish role in the comedy drama,
"The Gossoon." It is the star part of
Squire O'Connell. and gives him full scope
for his abilities. The play has not been
seen here in many years, but will be
remembered as one of the best of its
class. The situations in many cases are
strongly dramatic .- ; n f 1 the lines bright
and witty. The seme where the hire
lings of Kirk unroof the cottage over
Duggan's dying' father has a pathetic
touch that harmonizes well with the sub
sequent struggle between the peasantry.
There are charming bits of Irish scer.ery
and plenty of amusing comedy element,
which, with Johnson's clever work and
the support of a well-balanced company,
should assure an evening's amusement.
The Orpheum.
This popular house has five new acts to
present this week. The three Watson
sisters, assisted by the noted gymnast,
Juan de Zamara, will give their wonderful
arial act, which is said to excel anything
of the kind ever presented in this city.
A particularly good turn is promised by
j Falk and Semon. the grotesque musicians,
who have many surprising and comical
ways of making music, ("'harks Wayne,
who is well known as an eccentrique
I comedian, returns with a line of comedy
which has made him more popular than :
ever. Ho has a number of new songs to
introduce. Miss Anna Caldwell will ap
pear in her latest song successes. Jones,
Grar.t and Jones are a trio of genuine
colored people. They claim to have a
new line of comedy in the way of cake
walks, buck and wing dances— something
entirely new. The Four Cohans will put
on their new act and Tim Murphy will
appear in new impersonations. Caiiin
and Clark and the two Judges complete
the bill. Matinees every Wednesday,
Saturday and Sunday.
Reoper\ir\g of the Galiforr\ia.
The California Theater will be re
opened on Saturday evening, July 2, with
a revival of "Uncle Tom's Cabin." The
cast of Harriet Beecher Stowe's idyll will
be a strong one, and it is doubtful
whether so many competent players have
ever been gathered before in this city for
the play.
It will include Rhys Thomas, the well
[ known tenor, as Uncle Tom; Edith H.all of
the Tivoli as Topsy: L. R. Stockwell in his
characterization of Marks. Jeffreys D.
Williams of the Clay Clement Company
?w s J'?. ffre ?; <?? hh £ sa McAllister as Aunt
Ophelia. H. S. Duffield as George Harris
Jessie Shirley as Eliza, Dr. Frank B.
Robinson as St. Clalr and others equally
as good. Over fifty darkies will appear
in the plantation scene, and a Cakewalk
and specialties galore will be introduced.
The prices will be pronouncedly popular,
reserved seats ranging from 15 to 50 cents.
The box office will be open on Wednesday.
Ghutes and Zoo.
The warm weathpr and splendid enter
tainment offered have served to pack the
Chutes evr-ry afternoon and evpninp re
cently and the new bill in the Free The
ater has been so well received that it has
been decided to keep it In its entirety for
another week. In addition, Thomas
Gleason and Lottie Holmes, direct from
New York, will make their first appear
ance on the coast in a burlesque boxing
act. said to be very funny. Almont and
Dumont, musical artists, and Jacklin and
Grodpens, descriptive vocalists. will
change their selections; little Claire Fex
will vary her son>fs and dances and Ma
rion and Lynton, the "soldier and the
coon." will appear in a new lot of de
lightful nonsense; Walter and Lola Leon
give a thrilling trapeze exhibition, and
the moving war pictures and views of
battle-ships are received with enthusi
asm. A number of new scenes will be
shown.
Henri Maurice Cannon, the 613-pounrt
Swiss, is not losing flesh nor popularity
and his receptions are crowded every aft
ernoon and evening. The Zoo is as at
tractive as ever, and the Mexican Iguana
is a great object of interest.
The Bush to Reopen.
After several years* retirement caused
by illness, the old-time popular manager,
M. B. Leavitt, will return to active life
again and endeavor to provide amuse
ment for the people of San Francisco.
¥> c has secured the famous old Bush
Street Theater, which will be entirely
renovated at an expense of about $10 000
AMUSEMENTS. | AMUSEMENTS.
FIRST 1 T^^OLUMBIA THEATER.
TIME fSt-ss- I
HERE M$ |v TO-NIGHT, IS',, "ARISTOCRACY."
G^" T L^XAIXREfiINNING TO=MORROW,
MILITARY «E"fev third week of the.
trno^ \3Lqv FRAWLEY
r\J WSt 1 \#p^ COMPANY.
FRAYNE.
By BRIG.-GEN. CHARLES. KING \ ' MgisUkM
And SHERIDAN-SUTHERLAND. , ■ylffi' I*'1 *' '*■'-
An American Drama by an American Author. |>2s£?i|=fS=«P
A TRUE PICTURE OF ARMY LIFE FROM THE PEN OF ONE I
OF OUR COUNTRY'S DEFENDERS. T\y''. » "^-^^ "
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
NINE NIGHTS ONLY,
Beginning SATURDAY EVENING, July 2.
Magnificent Revival of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN!
ALL-STAR CAST. Including
RHYS THOMAS, L. R. STOCKWELL. JEF-
FREYS D. WILLIAMS. E"l!'H HALL, JES-
SIE SHIRLEY. PHOBA MCALLISTER and
Many Others.
60 DARKIES IN THE PLANTATION SCENE!
CAKE WALK nnd a HOST OF
SPECIALTIES'.
Popular Prices— f,oc, SF,o, 2f,c and 15c— All Re-
served. MATINEES JULY 4 ana b.
Sale of Seats begins Thursday Morning,
June 30.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, JUNE 26. at 2:30 P. M.
FIFTH GRAND SOLDIERS' DAY !
SWIMMING RACES
Between the
VOLUNTEERS FROM NEVADA. GEORGIA.
TENNESSEE. MONTANA AND
WASHINGTON.
Admission 10 cents. Children 5 cents.
new scenery provided and a magnificent
electrical front built. The policy of the
house will be the same as in the past and
Mr: Leavitt will endeavor by the presen
tation of the best attractions to restore to
its former popularity and success. The
place will open in August with ITaverly's
"Big 40" Minstrels, to be followed by a
number of first-class attractions. Mr.
Leavitt's many friends will welcome his ;
return and wish him pood fortune in his j
venture. '■ -..
• Jhe. Oiympia.
The management announces an. entire
new bill beginning to-morrow night.
Among those to appear are the Royce ;
Sisters. - Miss Williams and Maude Rock- j
well. The biograph, which has been suon j
a good drawing card, will have a new set
of war pictures. Matinee to-day.
"Old Friends" at the Ghutes.
The Society of Old Friends will hold its
annual meeting at the Chutes, this after
noon and evening. In addition to the per
formances in the Free Theater, attrac
tions in the Zoo, Henri Maurice Cannon,
the fat man, and other regular features,
there. will be addresses by L. R. Stock
well, Eugene Deuprey and Robert- Fer
ral. The usual rates of admission will
prevail. . ________
People and flays.
Miss Juliet Crosby will make her re
appearance at the Alcazar next week in
"Frederick the Great."
Mile Pilar Morin, the famous French
pantomimist, has gone to Los Angeles,
where she opens for a short season at the
Orpheum, having been engaged by that
amusement company at a large salary
to present her new dramatic sketches on
the vaudeville stage.
The presentation of "Frederick the
Great," one of the most popular of his
torical dramas, will be seen at the Al
cazar for the first time on this coast
next week.
The last performance of "Aristocracy"
will be given at the Columbia to-night
by the Frawley Company, who have
made an exceptionally fine presentation
of Bronson Howard's work.
Theodore Roberts, of the Frawley Com
pany, will be seen as the Americanized
Indian, Crow Knife, in the production 01
"Fort Frayne." It has been Mr. Roberts
interpretation of the Indian which has
tended to bring him into prominence as
an actor. In "Cleopatra. rhc Octo
roon" and "The Girl I Left Behind Me"
his performances were notable. "
"Round About," the Tivoli'a »econd
annual review, is being written by Louis
Honig and George E. Lask.
"Fatinitza" will be revived at the Tivoli
after "The Mikado."
W. H. West played Pooh-Bah in "The
Mikado" in the original Boston produc
tion.
Edwin Stevens made one of his great
est New York hits in "The Mikado."
"The Dancing Girl" and the comedy tri
umph "Lost— Twenty-four Hours" are in
active preparation by the Frawley Com
pany.
"Gay Coney Island," which created a
big success in this city last season, will
return this year to the Columbia,
Sam Edwards will play the role of the
doctor in love with the old maid in "Fort
Frayne." Lucille La Verne has been
specially engaged for the latter role.
Henry Miller will be one of the early
attractions at the Baldwin Theater. "Se
cret Service" is also coming.
Helen Merrill will reappear at the Tivoli
next week as the "Sweet Fiametta," the
young Princess brought up in poverty.
James M. .Brophy writes this office thai
he will begin a starring engagement at
Morosco's, opening July 4, and that ho
Vwis offered the lead in the revival of
"Shenandoah" in Nev^ York, but was
bound by the California engagement. Mr.
Brophy is a Native Son, and is making
very gratifying progress in his profes
sion.
Eastern critics are calling Frank Mor
daunt "stagy" and other bad things
and intimating that the old man is a
"has been."
De Wolf Hopper is ready for his sum
mer season at Manhattan Beach. Dur
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
RED CROSS' BENEFIT,
Under the Auspices of
NATIVE DAUGHTERS 1 RED CROSS AIO,
N. D. G. W.
TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
DRILL AND REVIEW OF FIFTY-FIRMT
lOWA VOLUNTEERS.
Major General Merritt will review the troops.
Scenes from camp life, etc.
ADMISSION ! 250 and Mo
RED CROSS BENEFIT.
GRAND OPENING REGATTA!
SINGLE SCULLS.
EL G/\MF»O,
'SUNDAY JUNE 28, IS9B
Races start promptly at 1 p. m.
Fare, round trip, Including admission to ihe
grounds, 25c.
Steamer Ukiah leaves Tiburon ferry, foot of
Market St.. S. F., 10:30 a. m., 12:10, 2:00 and
4:00 p. m. Returning leaves El Campo at 11:15
a. m., 1:00, 3:00 and 5:30 p. u>
ing Mr. Hopper's engagement by the sad
sea waves "El Capitan," "Wang" and
other of his earlier successes will be re
vived, while the cast, besides including
all his road company, will number sev
eral important additions.
The JYicmks Died.
"Addie" Forepaugh was at all times a
great spendthrift, and bothered old Adam
a great deal. Cords of money was made
with the show, but Addie "blew in" lots
of the profits. A few years before the old
mnn died he sent Addie to Europe to rest
up, and, as it runs, settle down. He had
$2000 as pocket money. About two weeks
after arriving on the other side he cabled
his father that he had a chance to buy a
pair of chlmpaniees, nearly six feet high
and almost human in intelligence, for
(10,000, and to cable the money. Old Adam
did bo, and after waiting for a couple of
weeks cabled Addie asking when the
monkeys would arrive. The answer came:
•The monkeys died the day after I paid
for them." Was it so? Well. Addie had a
good time, just the same.
DOMESTIC TROUBLES
OF MARIE BARNA.
PRETTY and talented Marie Barna
and handsome Jack Smith of
Boston are about to separate, she
to rovel In the glory of her musical
education, he to return to America
and endeavor to forget the whirlwind
through which he had passed during: tne
last few months.
Marie Barna is a well-known Oakland
girl, daughter of Judge Barnard. Last
season she scored a big hit with the Mel
ba company in the East. Subsequently
she went to Paris, where the suit for di
vorce was filed.
In the cafes, the clubs and even In th«
drawing-rooms of the ultra smart set
centered in the American colony of gay
Paris the pet morsel of gossip Just now
is the estrangement of Mr. and Mrs. Jack
A. Smith. „
The pot of trouble has been steadily
boiling for nearly a year, but it was only
last week that the bubbles began to burst.
That was when Marie, or, more properly,
'Mrs. Jack A. Smith of Boston, U. S. A,,
applied through the proper tribunals of
Paris for a divorce from her husband,
Jack A. Smith, also of Boston," U. S. A.
In her bill of complaint for separate
maintenance, Mrs. Smith prays the court
to release her from the brutality of her
husband, who, she alleges, has dallied too
freely wUh the wine when it was not only
red, "but white, yellow, green and every
other old color.
In addition to this barbarity, Mrs. Smith
further alleges that her husband has been
reveling in the society of certain strange
creatures to whom she refers as grisettes.
Furthermore, she swears that Jack has
raised the Old Harry on numerous occa
sions, during which he had smashed the
furnishings of their pretty apartments at
19 Rue do la Van, and caused her untold
misery and apprehension for her own per
sonal safety.
On the other hand. Jack says but lit
tle. He will not oppose the divorce and
will even consent to his wife resuming
the name which caught his fancy when
first they met in Boston, three short years
ato.
From flower decked Oakland to th«
bracing breezes of the New England
coast came Miss Marie Barnard, in 1894.
Her father, the Judge, impressed with
the mellowness of his only daughter's
voice, derided to send her to an Eastern
conservatory of music, where she would
have all the advantages of modeling her
superb power after the fashion or the
greatest American masters.
Quite naturally the place selected was
Boston, and hither came Miss Barnard,
attended by two servants. The dainty
little Californian, with her golden brown
hair and clean blue eyes, soon became a
general favorite at the conservatory. This
popularity was perhaps enhanced by the
lavish manner in which the new comet
entertained her newly formed eirl friends
in her cozy apartments in a particularly
select portion of Commonwealth avenue.
A brief six months' close attention to
the elementary studies of vocalism and
Marie was ready to take her place among
the world of songsters— at least, that is
what she told her professor. She wanted
to go to Paris, for she was quite certain
that with a few finishing touches of the
French system she would be the heralded
star of the world. Then came dashing
Jack Smith.
Mr. John A. Smith, gentleman of leis
ure, with a decided penchant for delving
into musty old books, which occupation
contrasted strangely with his handsome
face and maniy deportment, met the win
some lass from California and imme
diately fell head over heels in love.
Two w«'pk? after leaving the conserva
tory Marie Barnard became the wife of
Jack Smith. The good people of Boston
were shocked, the doting mothers threw
up their hands in dismay, while the dear
girls, in the privacy of their little tete-a
tetes, avowed that no good would come
of such a match, and all because Jack
and Marie were married exactly two
weeks from the day they first met and
loved.
In the natural order of consistent
events Jack and Marie journeyed across
the continent to make their peace with
stern old Judge Barnard.
The attendant sensation. Incident to the
arrival of Mr. and Mrs. Smith in Paris,
was another choice morsel of gossip for
the newspapers. Many friends of both of
them were quartering in the American
colony, and it was only natural that the
gossips would talk.
Then came the restless genii of adven
ture — both grew tired of the monotonous
routine of San Francisco — both wanted to
go abroad— and after a brief interview
with Judge Barnard it was decided that
the newly wedded couple should go to
Paris, where Marie could finish her mu
sical education
Tn the French conservatory Mrs, Smith
had entered her name as Marie Barna
and as such she was known to the mu
sh al circles to which she quickly found
admittance through the wonderful qual
ity of her beautiful soprano voice.
Then came the monster jealousy.
Yes, Jack will let Marie have her di
vorce. She can take back her playthings
and she can even attain the admiration of
the whole world with her beauty and her
voice, but Jack doesn't care.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOIoSCWgRAM^
r Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
LAST OF GEORGE P. WEBSTER, IN
"AFTER DARK.."
SPECIALLY ENGAGED FOR ONE WEEK
ONLY.
■ - , The Prince of Singing Comedians,
CARROLL JOHNSON
In the Romantic Irish Comedy Drama,'
"THE GOSSOON !"
 With a Powerful Stock Cast. ..
Evening Prices, 25c and 50c; Family Circle
and Gallery, 10c. -
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
DASHES-QUICK ACTION-NO DELAYS
RACES! J^gj^ ' :: RACES!
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION. OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
(No Races Monday, June 27.)
BEST HORSES ON THE COAST ARE EN-
* TERED.
; BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
Admission, 50c.
' Races \ Commence at 1:30 O'clock.
Trains connecting with the 12, 12:30 and 1
o'clock boats stop at - the . track. •
BASEBALL— RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets. •
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE.
Championship Pacific Coast. ■
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
STOCKTON vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
-■'■••■- Admission 25c Ladles free.
oo 000 o 6 o oo oo'oo o
o ; T ™ PALACE ">*%
% CR A ND %
o SAN FRANCISCO. ; Q
V; ; Connected •by a covered passageway. *r
V 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. °
O: ' ' '.' All Under One ; Management. ' Q
O' : :: ■ NOXS THE PRICES: ■ ' ' : ' O'
European Plan. 81 .OO per day and upward rt
w American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward
Q '-■■ .■ ': Correspondence Solicited. .- ' Q
q JOHN 0. XIHKFATSICE, Xaug«r. .[ ■ q:-
00000000000000 OOOQ
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY. I
. 1
Sliver firmer. >
Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Oats. Com and Rye unchanged and dull.
Bran lower. Hay about the same.
Flaxseed lower. Beans dull and nominal.
Flour declined 26c.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Tomatoes higher and Cucumbers lower.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs weak.
Eastern Poultry again in good supply. .
Oranges weak and Lemons firm.
Peaches and Plums lower.
Dried fruits quiet but steady.
Provisions unchanged. j
Wool steady but dull. Hides unsettled.
Meat market unchanged.
Bank clearings show the usual gain.
Heavy increase In specie imports.
Increased imports of produce.
WHEAT CROP OF 1897.
T. C. Frledlander. secretary of the Produce
Exchange and Call Board Association, fur
nishes the following estimate of the California
wheat crop of 1597:
Exports from California, twelve months to
May 31, IS9S:
Centals.
By sea. Flour. 872.215 bbls 2.334, 950
By Yea. Wheat... 10.a8.M3 i
By rail, Wheat • 314.780
Total exports 12l^'^X
Local consumption H??'sr2
Seed and feed 2.800.000
Stock In State. June 1, '98 3,558,606
Total .23.296. 559
Deduct— Centals.
Imports by sea, Flour 932.701
Imports by sea. Wheat 1,063,772
Imports by rail at Interior
points 763,028
Total 2,754,501
Stock carried over June 1. '97..1,990.272
Crop of 1897 18.651.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of specie at this port during the \
first five months of the year were $12,212,920.
against $1,161,970 for the same time in 1897, and
included the following descriptions: Gold bul
lion, $1,303,314; gold coin, $10,217,558; silver bul
lion. $375,163; silver coin. $116,886.
The heavy gain this year Is due to the large
Imports of $5,960,563 from Australia.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign imports at this port during the first
five months of the year were $15.514.000, against
$lf. 542 000 for the same time In 1597. and In
cluded $4,168,700 from Japan. $3.34h.600 from
im the Hawaiian Islands.
Jl Sv'i 400 from Central America, $1,369,200 from
the East Indies. $931,500 from Great Britain
and $555,64S from British Columbia.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $12,243,
441, against $10. 001. .'97 for the same week last
year. It is the exception this year when these
weekly clearing? show a decrease. In fact It I
has happened only once or twice.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 25. sp. m. j
The followlnz maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bur«au stations
In California:
Eureka 60. Fresno 108. Los Angeles 70. Red
Bluff 102. Independence 96, San Diego 68. Sac- j
ramento 96. San Luis Obispo 78. "i uma 10S.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 80;
minimum, 54; mean. 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL ;
FORECASTS.
The pressure Is highest this evening In the
vicinity of Vancouver Island and lowest in
Arizona. It is falling slightly throughout Cali
fornia and along the Oret-on coast. The crni
di'i ins are favorable for continued fair weather
In California, except partly cloudy and foggy
weather along the cr.ast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June 26. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, except
foggy In the evening along the coast; brisk
west wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada — Fair Sunday.
Utah and Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday, ex
cept foggy in the afternoon; brisk to high
southwest winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais taken
at Sp. m. : Clear; wind west, 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 83; maximum, 86.
W. H. HAMMON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 25.— The regrettable loss
of American soldiers In Cuba had a senti
mentally depressing Influence at the opening of
the stock market t">-<lay. Prices continued
sluggish, but without real weakness, during the
first hnur. The question of differentials to the
Canadian Pacific was said to still block a set
tlement of the rate war, and this contributed
to the heaviness in Northern Pacific The
specialties on manipulation improved substan
tially. Various industrials. Including Spirits
and Tobacco, received effective support, thus
checking the earlier easiness In the general
railway list and ranging traders on the lcng
Bide. The grangers, however, failed to quit*
reach last nights closing. The general list
closed firm in anticipation of a successful cul
mination soon of th» land and sea operations
at Santiago. The expected success of our army
of invasion, coupled with the continued ease
of monetary conditions, the growing foreign
trade balance in our favor and the expected
heavy investment demand for si-euritles owing
to the July dividend and interest payments
have rendered vigorous efforts by the bears to
create liquidation futile.
The bond market gave striking evidence of
the plethora of the money seeking Investments.
Price? of the gilt-ed^ed investments Improved
substantially and heavy purchases occurred of
the reorganization if^uep which promise a fair
return on capital Invested.
In Government bond? gains occurred of Vg In
the old 4b registered and % each In the new
4s. Others wero unchanged.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 131.400
shares, including: Atchison preferred, 4000;
Burlington, 1900; Manhattan, 3200; Reading pre
ferred, 310 c); Missouri Pacific. 3000; Northern
Pacific preferred. 7000; Reading. 3'.<00; St. Paul,
6200; Union Pacific preferred, 7800; American
Spirits, 4700; American Tobacco, 13,300; Ameri
can Sugar, 11.C00; Western Union, 3700.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13% 5t P & Om 76%
Do prefd 33%; Do prefd 161%
Baltimore & Ohio 16 3t PM & M 142 !
Canada Pacific .. 84% So Pacific 19% [
Canada Southern. 61 So Railway 8%
Central Pacific .. 13% Do prefd 30 !
Ches & 0hi0...... 23 Texas & Pacific... 11% j
Chi & Alton 157 Union Pac prefd. 60%
Chi B & Q.. ...... 105% U P D & G 7
Chi & E 111 59 Wabash 7
C C C & St L.... 43% | Do prefd ........ 19%
Do prefd 87 Wheel & L E 1%
Del & Hudson.... 109 Do prefd 10%
Del L & W 155 Express Companies-
Den & R G 12 \dams Ex .. 100
Do prefd 60% American Ex .... 125
Erie (new) 13Vi United States 40
Do Ist prefd.... SG Wells Fargo 122 J
Fort Wayne 169 A Cot Oil 2lV>
Gt Nor prefd 175 Do prefd 73% ;
Hocking Valley... 6% Amn Spirits 14% j
Illinois Central .. 104% Do prefd 3«%
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Am Tobacco 118%
Do prefd 71% Do prefd 120
Lake Shore 193 Peoples Gas 96
Louis & Nash.... 62% Cons Gas 196
Manhattan L .... 103% Com Cable C 0.... 160
Met St Hy 160 Col F & Iron 21
Mich Central ....104 Do prefd 90
Minn & St L 27% Gen Electric 88
Do Ist prefd.... 90 Illinois Steel ..... 66%
Mo Pacific 25% Laclede Gob ..... 49
Mobile & 0hi0... 26% Lead 34
Mo K& T 11% Do prefd 106%
Do prefd 83% Nat Lin Oil ..... 15%
Chi Ind & L.. ..... 8% Or Imp Co 29
Do prefd 30 Pacific Mall 29%
N J Central ...... 95 Pullman Palace... 193
N V Central 116% Silver Certificates 59
N V Chi & St L. 12% ' Stand R & T 6%
Do Ist prefd.... 67 Sugar 130
Do 2d prefd.... 30 Do prefd 11l
(for West 14 T C & Iron 25
No Amer Co 6 US Leather '. 7*4
No Pacific 29% Do prefd 65%
Do prefd 70% O S Rubber 24%
Ontario & W 15% Do rrefd ........ 86%
Or It & Nay BO West "Union ...... 93%
Or Short Line 28 Chi & N W....... 125%
Plttsburg 170 Do prefd ......:. 170
Reading 19 1 4 St L & S W 5%
Do Ist Drefd.... 48 ■ Do prefd 11%
Rock Island 106%'R <; W...... 27
St L & 8 F 7%! Do prefd ........ 67
Do Ist prefd.... 80% Chi 5 \V 14%
Do 2d prefd.... 25% Haw Com C 0..... 24
St Paul 99% Union Pacific .... 24
Do pr«fd 149 'Brooklyn R T.... 53%
CLOSING BONDS,
V 6 new 4s reg.. 125U NTN T Carolina 65.... 126
Do coup 125% Do 4s 106
U S 45..... 11l No Pac 1et5....... 115 8 j
, Do coup 112 Do 38 62%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4a .98%
U 8 5s reg 112% V V C & S L 45.. 104%
, Do 5s coup 112% Xor & W 6s 121
District 3^ss 115% Northwstrn cons. 142 i
Ala class A 110 ' Do deb Es. 116%
Do B •".... ...... 105 '"> Nay lsts... 116
Do C 30 O Nay 4s ........ 95%
Do Currency ... 90 0 S Line Gs tr....V 126
Atchlson 4i 93% O S Line 6s tr.... 107
Do adj 4s 67 0 Imp lsts tr.... 114 ■
Can So 2d5........ 108% Do 5s tr .....„> 60%
Chi Term 45. '."".::. SC% Pacific 6s of 95... 101%
C & Ohio 6b....:.. IHH Reading 4s 86%
* H & D 4%5.... 103% R G W 15t5....... 90
6 & R G 15t5..... 1C6% St L & I M C 6s. 96%
D & R O 45...:.. 94% 3t L & S F G 6s. 120 ,
East Term lets.. 107% 9t P Con ......... 145
Erie Gen ._...•..., 74% St P C 4 Piste. 120%
FW & D lsts tr. 74 ,Do Eb -....A...." 116%
Gen El ec 5s 103 So Ry ss. 93%
3H&S Ats 105 Stand R& T 65... 70
Do 2ds 102 Term new set 3s. 91
H & T C as 110 T & P L G lsts... 105%
Do con 6s 104 I Do Rg 2ds .. 37%
lowa C lsts 101 ItJ P D & G lsts.. 62%
La new cons 45.. UK) |Wab Ist 5s 1104
L & N Oil 45.... 90 I Do 2ds 85V4
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 110
M X & T 2d5...... 63 VVa Centuries 71*4
Do 4s SSU Do deferred .... 5
N V Central lsts. US%IU P prefd 60%
NTN T J C 5s 1144 Do 4s 88%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 04 Ontario •' 2 BO
Crown Point 04 Ophlr 150
Con Cal & Va 20 j Plymouth 16
Dead wood 30 Quicksilver 100
3ould A Curry 06 Do prefd 225
Hale & Norcross. 65 1 Sierra Nevada ... 45
Homestake 43 00 1 Standard 100
Iron Silver 63 Union Con 10
Mexican 07 1 Yellow Jacket ... 12
BOSTON.
BOSTON, June 25 .— Atchison. 13%: Bell Tele
phone, 275: Burlington, 10r,'/«: Mexican Central,
47-*.4 7 -*. .
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. June 25.— Financier says:
With a surplus reserve exceeding $62,200,000, j
and with deposits increasing three times as ]
rapidly as loans. It cannot be said that the j
New York money market is in a position to i
favor the moderate advance which was looked i
for after definite arrangements had been made !
for the new Government loan. The banks, ac
cording to their statements Saturday, gained i
$4,576,300 in cash, while their loans expanded j
only $2,262,600. The increase In deposits of j
$0,. '.71,400, in view of these two changes, is
about normal. As payments of small subscrip- ,
tions of bonds are consummated the domestic ;
exchange situation may be expected to show
material advances. Banks at Important middle
and Western centers In their correspondence
already reported that the loan subscriptions
seem to be creating a scarcity of New York
exchange, and rates are going higher In con
i sequence. The policy of the treasury in col
lecting as fast as possible remittances for cash
subscriptions Is reflected In smaller debtor bal
ances, but not the sub-treasury and the New
York clearing banks, but the amounts gath
ered Into the treasury are not yet large enough i
to offset extraordinary payments due to war |
I expenses. The result Is that the banks are >
gaining, not only from the Interior movement,
but from the treasury as well. This accounts
in a large part for the continued accumulation
of idle capital at this center. It Is not prob- t
able, however, that this will continue much :
longer.* As the date for the closing of the loan
| approaches the banks are bound to lose an ap
preciable proportion of their excess reserve, but j
indications point to a merely temporary dis
turbance of small consequence in the situation. I
: The July dividend payments, aggregating be- I
tween $80,000,000 and $100,000,000 in this city.
j doubtless have caused some of the changes for i
I the week, but these will bo reflected to a
j greater extent during the next ten days. The
1 low rates prevailing in the money markets are ;
i tempting mercantile borrowers to supply their
; needs, and a great deal of expansion iii loans ;
j can be traced to this source.
i LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 25.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says:
I The stock markets here were quiet but firm
to-day. Americans were fairly good. A Dutch
\ 3 per cent loan of about £400. Is to be issued
here and in Amsterdam next week at about
*7c. There was a further rise In Spanish 4s
to-day, due to the same cause as the rise of j
yesterday.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 86%: Grand Trunk, 8%. Bar j
• Silver, steady, 27 5-16(1. Money, Vi per cent.
PARIS, Jure 23.— Spanish 4s closed at 34%, !
! a net loss of •%.
LONDON, June 25.— Spanish 4s closed at 34%,
i a net loss of V
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June 25.— FLOUR—
! 18,884 barrels: exports, 16,000 barrels. Quiet and
steady.
■WHEAT— 231,675 bushels: exports, :
403.400 bushels. Spot dull; No. 2 red. 87c f.o.b. !
afloat. Options opened stronger and ruled firm
on covering. Inspired by satisfactory cables,
foreign buying and showery weather .West,
closed steady. V4@Hc net > advance. No. 2 red
July. 79@79Hc closed Me.
HOPS — Steady; State and common to choice,
1895 crop, 3@4c; 1596 crop, 4fsc; 1897 crop, 12®
I 14c.
WOOL— Quiet: fleece. 17@23c: Texas, 13@15c.
PIG IRON— Market dull; Southern, $9 75@
11 25; Northern. $10® 10 15.
COPPER— brokers, ll^c.
LEAD— Quiet: brokers, S3 76.
Plates barely steady.
■ COFFEE— Options opened steady at unchang- '
ed prices to an advance of 5 points, closed quiet j
and unchanged to 5 points lower. Sales 6750
bags. Including: July. IE 50. Spot Coffee— Rio,
I dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6'4c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c.
Mild. Inactive; Cordova, BH@ls%c.
SUGAR — Raw. quiet; fair refining, 3%e; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 l ic; refined, quiet; mold A, i
6%c: standard A. W<; confectioners' A. 5%c; I
cut loaf, 5 Tic; crushed, 5%c; powdered, 5%c; 1
granulated, 5%c; cubes, 6%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5500 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 13»4@17c; Elglns, 17c; fac
tory. ll@l2aic.
EGGS— Receipts, 3360 packages. Steady;
i Western. 124? 13c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. June 25.— California Dried
Fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6#Bc;
prime wire tray. 9tf9 ! ic; wood dried prime, 9V4c; j
choice, 9 l *-c; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4<gSVic.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, SMifrlOc; Moorpark. 10®
12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, B»?-9c: peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 26.— Whoat was strengthened ;
at the ftart by the reports cf damage to crops i
with which the mail of every commission house !
was loaded. English cables came a shade bet- ;
ter and tliere were quite a number of bad |
crop advices from the other sld<?. among them
a cablegram from Broom Ball saying that the i
weather In England was unsettled, the crop
three weeks late, the urowth rank and the !
crop outlook poor. Later the market suc
cumbed to the dullness of speculative trade
and the general Impression that such a crop
as this season's can spare a lot to the bugs
and other pests it has been menaced by and >
still have enough left to make a bigger crop ;
than was ever before gathered. The early
advance was all lost and prices left off under ,
laFt night's close, July losing IVic and Sep
tember ■ ■•.
Between crop prospects incident to improved
weather depressed corn. Thore was some II- ;
quidation in July and the bulls gave no sup- ;
port to that or later deliveries. July closed ;
lower.
.^r.-ilpers sold oats on every decline In corn.
This, combined by the selling by longs, caused
prioes to sag. July closed "nc lower.
The speculative trade was still timid In pro- j
visions on at-count of the yellow fever. Prices
held firm and were a shade higher nt the close
than yesterday, except In rib:*, which are un
ctmnged. Pork advanced 6c and lard 2^(g)sc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
June 80 80 80 80
July 73 73 71% 71%
September 67V t 67% 60^ C6V*
December 67^ 67% 66% 66%
Corn No. 2—
July 32V* S2V 4 31% 31%
September 33 33 32»* 32V*
December 33% 23% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2—
July 23H 23% 22 22»4 I
September 20% 20% 20 20%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 50 9 65 9 50 9 55
September 970 9 72Vi 965 970
Lard, per 100 rbs—
July 5 66 6 66 6 60 5 62%;
September 6 75 6 75 6 70 6 72Vi !
Short Ribs, per 100 rbs—
July 6 62%
July 6 40
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
winter wheat patents, J4 MQi 90: stratts. $4 40
tfj4 60; special brands, hard; spring patents. |
J5; bakers', $3 KOI 50; No. 2 spring wheat, 09 !
i&7lc; No. 3 spring wheat, 65<?J75c; No. 2 red, I
7Sc; No. 2 corn, 31% c; No. 2 oats, 23c; No. i
white, 26c; No. 3 white, 25c; No. 2 rye. 46c;
No. 2 barley. 30@35c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 05®
1 06%; prime timothy seed, $2 60; mess pork,
per bbl. *9 55^9 60; lard, per 100 lbs. $5 OlVfeff I
5 67V»; short ribs sides (loose), J5 KflC 60; dry I
salted shoulders (boxed), $4 7r.fi a: short clear I
Bides (boxed), $5 63@5 86; sugars, cut loaf, 6.02 c;
granulated, 5.52 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 3,000 2.600
Wheat, bush 2.500 15.600
Corn, bush 372.000 81,900
Oats, bush 267,800 350,100
live, bush 700
Barley, bush 1,500 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-dny the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 14@16c; dairies,
1 1".^13 Vic. Eggs, steady; fresh, 10c. Cheese,
active; creams, 7@7%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 26,380 19,500
Puluth 39.349 32.839
j Milwaukee 30,850 23,271
Chicago 2,800 15,617
Toledo 6,496 4,100
St. Louts 4,000 1,000
Detroit »* 1.691
Kansas City S.6OQ 2,000
Totals 115,665 95.347
Tidewater-
Boston 8.000 50.076
N.w York 403.355
Thiladflphla 850 20
Baltimore 3,644 24,0<>0
New Orleans 108,024
Galveston 660
Totals 13,044 555.505
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept. -lief
Opening 66 16 47 20
Closing ....
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
Flour —
Opening 25 30 21 60 |
Closing
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Dec.
i Opening 6 6 5 11% 5 9>4
Closing
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. June 25.— CATTLE— The small
I supply of cattle to-duy was well taken and
prices ruled steady. Choice steers, $4 80*35 25; :
i medium. $4 50^4 60; beef steers, $t 15@4 45; j
■tockera and feeders, $3 50®4 80; bulls, $2 80@4; j
i cows and heifers. $3 15@4; calves, $3 50@7; !
! Western steers, $4 20@4 90. I
HOGS— Prices ruled stronger; some grades 5c 1
S higher. Fair to choice, $3 S7@4; packers. $3 70@
: 3 S5; butchers'. $8 75@8 95; mixed, $3 75(&3 SB;
light, $3 fit)(f,3 S7; pigs. $2 7o@S 75.
SHEEP— Were Steady. Natives. $3 2.1® 5 25; ;
: rams, 32 50ST3 40; spring lambs, $6@6 85; year- j
lings, jr.fjo 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 300; Hogs, 19,000; Sheep.
800,
KANSAS CITY.
I KANSAS CITY. June 25.— CATTLE— Receipts,
100. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts. 3500. Market steady to 5c j
I lower. Bulk of sales, $3 70«3 90; heavies. $3 80
OS X; packers. $3 fIdTTS JO; mixed. $3 55 iff 3 W;
! lights. $3 5001 75: yorkers, $3 70@3 75; pigs, $3 30
: @3 r.5. i
SHEEP-Nbne.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, June 25.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1400. '
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4@4 S3;
Western steers, $3 Win GO; cows and heifers, 1
53 5804 -10; stockers and feeders, $3 BO@4 80.
H'JGS— Receipts. 8800. Market shade stronger.
Heavy, $3 65<S>3 SO; mixed. $3 65<g3 70; light,
1 $3 62v>,(ff3 67' i: bulk of sales, $3 55@3 70.
SHEEP-Receipts, 1000. Market strong: fair 1
! to choice natives. $8 70^4 70; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 KW< 50: common and stock, $3 50®
I 4 40; lambs, $4 3S@6 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, June 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 100.
Market steady. Beef steers, $3 90-JT4 60; cows,
$3 3O@>4; feeders, fr»lght paid to river, $4@4 SO;
stockers, freight paid to river, $4@4 90; bulls
and stags. $2 50@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 100. Market steady to firm.
Light packers, $3 60-aS 60; mixed, $3 65@3 70; j
heavy, $3 70<ff3 75.
SHEEP-Recoipts. 300. Market firm. Good
' fat muttons, $3 50<g>4 50; lambs, $4 60@5 50.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June 25.— Consols, 111-,*; Silver,
27 5-16 d; French j^entes, 102f 60c.
LIVERPOOL, June 25.— Wheat dull; cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
quieter, little demand; Liverpool Wheat, No. 1
California, 7s Sd((7s 9d ; Wheat in Paris, weak;
Flour in Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-163.
CLOSE.
WHEAT-Spot dull; No. 2 Western winter
stocks exhausted; No. 2 Northern spring. 6s 9d.
CORN I—Quiet:1 — Quiet: American mixed, new, 3s l^d;
July, 3s P,d: September, 3s 3*4 d.
FLOUR— St. L..vis fancy winter, dull. 10s.
HOPS— At liondon, Pacific Coast, dull, £2rS4.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, June 25.— The imports of dry
goods and genernl merchandise for the week
ending to-day were $7,267,070. The gold and
Silver movement at New York for the week
ending to-day were: Exports of gold $38,115,
silver $9:.2,27 C; imports of gold $17,723, sliver
$143,140.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. June 26— To-day's state
ment "t the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $190,473,887; gold re
serve. $165,R78,118.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. June 25.— Wheat unchanged;
Walla Walla, 60081 c; valley and bluestem. 63c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 26— No change in the wheat
market; no quotations.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, June 25.— Exchanges, $166,004;
balances, $31,554.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 S5
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 H'%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. . — 20
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce..... '• — 59»4
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— market continues to decline,
both on and oft call, and there Is no business
worth talking about.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 20@l 22%: milling,
$1 3001 40 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:13 o'clock — —
14.000 ctls. $1 25%.
Second December— 4ooo ctls, $1 24;
18,000, $1 244. .- :
Regular morning session December — ctls,
$123; 12.000. $1 224: 16.000,-1122%; 4000, $1 23Vi.
May— $1 27V4: 2000, $1 27 V
BARLEY— Futures were again lower, but the
spot market remained stagnant and unchanged.
Feed, $1 ■ 12^4t?l IS. Brewing nominal. , *r\
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second session— December— ctls, $1 13%;
4000, $1 13%.
Regular morning session— December— 4ooo ctls,
»i 12%; 2000, $1 1314. , .
OATS — continues at a standstill.
Fancy Feed, $1 35(31 40 per ctl ; good to
choice, $1 So<7?l 35: common. $1 2501 27 1 / 4: Sur
prise, « 32H#1 40; gray, Jl 25@1 32%: milling,
$1 32mg1.37Vi per ctl.
• CORN— market was never duller. No
change in quotations.
Small round yellow. $1 2501 30: large yellow,
$1 055T1 07%: white. 51 02>y4@l 05 per ctl; mixed,
Jl (■2-'-«l 05.
RYE— sl 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI . 75(31 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR — Is marked down 25c per barrel. No
other changes. Family extras, $3@5 10; bakers'
extras. $4 75154 S3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 10.";
Kice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
I Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeaf. $4 25; Oat Groats,
! $4 50: Hominy, $3 2T.«?3 B0; Buckwheat Flour. $4
; (84 25; Cracked Wheat. S3 75; Farina, $4 50;
; "Who- "Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), $5 8506 23: in sacks. $6 Cs®6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 23; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFP.
Bran continues to shade off.
Fears of Fourth of July fires and the ap
proach of collection day are given as reasons
by the trade why buyers continue to hold off
from buying Hay. Certainly they are doing
nothing. Still, somehow or. other, all the ar
rivals pass out of first hands. There Is now
more of an assortment of new Hay, as will be
seen by' the quotations, and old is in meager
supply. Some grades are firm and others weak,
but there Is no decline In any description, and
buyers are forced to pay full figures when
they purchase.
BRAN— SI4{TIS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Jobbing.
, $32@32 50: Cocoanut Cak*. ;■ $24(fi25: Cottonseed
Meal. $28@30 per ton; Cornnieal. $23@23 60;
Cracked Corn, $24<524 50.
HAY (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. $20@22;
Wheat and Oat. $l'."i;L ) l; Oat, ; Bar
ley, ; Compressed Wheat, $21J724: Com
pressed Oat, $16yi8; Alfalfa. $12@12 60; Clover.
; Timothy, $13@15. •
NEW HAY— Wheat, $18019 for choice and
$15 60<317 50 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat.
$16<ai8; Oat, $15ai7; Wild Oat, $H@l6; Barley,
$14«15; Island Barley, $13@14; Alfalfa, . $11 60
(g>l2 75. ■ : • '■■■■■■-
| STRAW— 6O@9Sc per bale.
' BEANS AND SEEDS.
Flaxseed has again declined. No change In
i Beans. .
I ' BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@3; Small Whites, $1 75
<gl 80; Large Whites, $1 65@1 75; Pinks, $2 60®
2 70; Reds, $2 80Q-3; Blackeye, $303 25; Butters,
$1 80@2; Limas, $2 SO®. 90; Pea, $1 70@>l 90; Red
Kidneys, $?. 50«I2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown . Mustard. $4®4 25 per ctl:
Yellow Mustard, $4@>4 25; Flax, $2{f2 05; Canary
Seed, 2V«< r tr2%c per ft; Alfalfa. 3<ri6c; Rape, 2%@
2%c; Hemp, 2%(q'3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2; Green, $2©
2 10 per ctl. "
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There Is ;no particular , change ;In Potatoes.
Yellow Onions are firm. Tomatoes are firm
and Cucumbers weak. ; Peppers are In in
creased supply and lower. •
. Los -Angeles Egg Plant, 10c per lb; j Toma
toes, 75c@$l per . box. '
.POTATOES— New Potatoes, 37%@45c In sacks
and 40@50c In boxes for Early Rose, and 40@60c
In sacks '• and HOB6C In boxes for Burbanks. 1 -
ONIONS— New, 40@50c per ctl for red and .75
<SDCu for yellow. -.. : ;. ■•--■:.■ ■•- ■ '
I VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 60@2 00 for ex
tra large. $I©l 25 per box for No. l. 50@75c:fcr
small; Rhubarb, i so@76c per box; Green Peas,
$I@l 25 per sack; Garden; Peas,: 2®2%c per lb;-
Strfing Beans, 2@4c per lb and 50c per sack to
the canners; . Wax »■! Beans,*. ■ 2@3c ; Summer
Squash, " 50@75c per ■ box ; i Bay , Squash,* Jl@l 25;
Green v Peppers, C@Sc for... Chile, and 6@loc
for Bell ; Dried Peppers. s@6c ' per lb; Cabbage,
50c per ctl: ' Carrots. 30@60c per > Back; Marys
ville Cucumbers, 50@65cper. box; Bay Cucum
bers, $1 25@1 60; Vacaville Tomatoes, "sc@sl ' per
box: Green Corn, : 10®20c > per ' dozen ; for ' Vaca
vllle and 25030cf0r Bay; Garlic. 2®3c per lb.:-*
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES— , ,
Potatoes, . sliced,', raw,"; 12c ; per it) In . lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16iyi8c; granulated, raw,
I 13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes,' 30c; Turnips.
j 25c; String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There was considerable Eastern on hand at
the close, and two more cars will be due to
morrow and Tuesday. ■ The market is natur
ally weak under these circumstances. ',
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lit! : for Gob
! biers and lOWllc for Hens; young Turkeys. 17c;
! Geese, per pair, 75c(f?$r Goslings,: $I@l 25:
Duck 3, $3©3 50 ! for old and $334 for young;
Hens, $3®4: Roosters, young, $6ijz7 ; Roosters,
; old, $3 60@4 50; Fryers, $4ffa; Broilers. $3 50@4
; for large, $2©3 for small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 50
1 per dozen for young and %W)l 25 for old. ■
GAME— .Nominal. ■.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is -coming <In soft, owing to the re
| cent hot weather, and the market is weak: and
I quiet. Cheese continues very v/eak. Eggs are
1 slow and easy, with ample stocks.
BUTTER— .
I Creamery— Fancy creameries. 17%@18c: sec
onds, 16%fr?17c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 15@16c; common
grades, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Label packed, 14®15c per Ib.
j CHEESE— m!ld new, SJjSHc; old, 7@
7' ; c; Cream Cheddar, l0@llc; Young America,
1 B<tjfl%c; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS — Ranch Eggs, 15@16c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12 @ 14c; Eastern, 12Vi @ 15c; Duck
Ekes, 16c. i
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Peaches, Plums and Apricots are weaker all
around, as usual on the last day of the week.
; Figs keep up." Berries were in good demand
and rather firm than otherwise. Cherries are
: on the decline as to receipts and the bulk of the
1 season is over. - ■ . v
j Oranges are excessively dull and weak. Lem
ons are firm at the advance and in good de
mand. • !■■■■■-■
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2 Do@4 50 per chest for large
and $6'§S for small. .
Black Cherries, 25©40 c; Royal Annes, 25@40c;
loose Cherries, 3Hc per lb for black and
2®3c for Royal Anne."
Figs, 35tj60c per box for single and 50c@$i
j for double layers.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, $1 50 per crate.
Currants, i'> / per chest.
Blackberries, per crate and $3@4 per
I chest.
Plums, 50@75c per crate and 25<g'65c per box.
Apricots, 40<f;65c per box and 6<3@75c per crate
and $35@40 per ton in bulk.
Peaches, 25@85c per box, iio®9oc per basket.
Gooseberries, I^2c per Ib for common and
3%<S4c for English.
Raspberries. $5@7 per chest.
New Apples. 2SOSOc per small and 75c@$l per
large box and 20(f?30c per basket. ■
' CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1, 50@2 25;
Seedlings, 50c@$l; Lemons. $1 25@1 75 for com
mon and $2 503f3 for good to choice; Mexican
: Limes, $3 .Midi 4; California Limes, In small
boxes, 40@50c; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
1 Pineapples, $31/4 per dozen.
I DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
From the way Eastern and European buy
ers are nibbling at new fruit dealers are inclin
ed to expect a first rate market when the crop
! ccmes in. There are no quotations for any
kind yet.
DRIED FRUITS- Prunes, carload lots. 4\'ff
isc for 40-50" s, 4^@4y.c for 50-60' 8. 3%<@Ac for
; 60-70' s. 3%#3M:C for 70-80' s. 2%5?3c for 80-90" s, 2Vi \
<&'J'i.c -for 90-100*«; Peaches. 3'<if>c; fancy, 5V*(?« '
6c; peeled, 10@12Vic; Apricots. s@6V4c for Royals !
and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, T^fiSc; srn-dried, 41/ii.'>c;4 1 / ii.'>c; Black
Figs, in sacks, 2@2Vic; Plums. 4Vs'o4%c for j
pitted and l>i(f?l%c for unfitted; bleached i
; Plums, 6@5%c; Nectarines, 4:i.'.'ic for prime to j
! fancy; Pears, 2H@4VJc for quarters and 3@5%c ;
I for halves, according to color, etc.
: RAISINS— 2<ft2V4c for two-crown, 2%<53c for '
1 three-crown, 3W.4(3%c for four-crown, 4V4e for
| Seedless Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels
i and $l@l 15 for London layers; dried Grapes,
2ViC.
NUTS— Walnuts, ?,i(?4c for hardshell, 4{f6c.for
softshell; Almonds. 3"5 ; 4c for hardshell, 6<s7c for
softshell, BViV9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4'gl
5V.c for Eastern and 4\4c for California; Pc- ■,
cans, 6V4@Sc; Filberts, 9Va"loc; Brazil Nuts,
, S@9c per m: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 per 100.
I HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for bright and 6©7 c
: for lower grades; water-white extracted. 5V4@
. 1 6c; light amber extracted, 4%@'6>£c per Ib.
BEESWAX— per It).
PROVISIONS.
Prices for all kinds remain undisturbed.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 9Vjc for light medium, 10c for light,
| lie for extra light and 12@12V4c for sugar cured; '
! Eastern sugar-cured Hams, WV4@llc; Cali
fornia Hams. 9}4@loc: Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11: Family Beef, $12; Salt ,'
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, '
$17917 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12©12& c per j
tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per IT)
, j for compound and 8c for pure; palls, B*4c: )
' California tierces, sVic per It) for compound
j and 7c for pure: half barrels, "Vie; 10-lb
tins, Sc: 5-Ib' tins, SVic.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6?,4<f?7Hc; packages,
less than 300 — 1-lb pails, 60 in a case. 9%c;
3-Fb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-tb pails, 6 in a case, $%c; 50-rb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, "Tic; wooden buckets. 20 !
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 It>s, 7%c per lt>.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are unsettled, but In good demand at J
the prices. Wool Is dull, hut steady, and deal- i
ers look for an improvement before long.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell ! ■
about lc under the <uotntlnns. Heavy salted i
j steers, 10Vi@Uc; medium, 9^@loc; light, 9<3>9^c: !
, Cowhides, S4i9%c: Stags, ■ 6V4c; salted Kip. y«r
9%c: Calf. 10c: dry Hides, sound. l«>4c;culls and '
brands, 13*4iJrl4c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry j
Calf, 20c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 20^40c I
each: Kids, s©loc: Deerskins, good summer, ;
27H@30c; medium, 50c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, '
; shearlings, 20Q30C each; short wool, 30@50c
each; medium, CC@SOc; long wool, 90c@$l 20
each: Horsehldes. salt, ?2i@2 50 for large and
$I@2 for small: Colts. 50c; Horsehldes, dry, $2
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
• i TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3U>@3%c per lb,
■ I No. 2, 2V.@3c: refined. 4'.4@4%c: Grease, 2c.
i WOOL^-Fall clip, Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
! free Northern, 9012 c. Spring clip— Southern
1 i Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
i Southern, 7 months', . 8<{?10c; Foothill and
' ! Northern, free, 12©14 c; do, defective, 10@12c;
• Middle county. lS<Jfl6c: Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 15@17c: Nevada, 10014 c; Eastern Oregon,
10@12c; Valley Oregon. 15@17c.
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9@12%c per It).
LAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are steady at the good prices. Beef and
Mutton are unchanged.
■ Wholesale rates for ' dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
Bfc.~.B— First quality, 6Hc; second quality,
E%c; third quality, 4®sc per It).
■ VEAL— Large, 4@sc: small, ti<s?7c per tb. ,
MUTTON— Wethers, ;7%@Sc; Ewes, 7@7V4c
i per It). '.■; .'■': ■■■.
LAMB— Spring. B(&">SHc per It..
1-vjßK— Live Hogs, f%04%0 for large. s@s%c
for medium and 4jf4%c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3%c; dressed Hogs, 7@Sc.
GEXE.UL MERCHANDISE.
■ BAGS — Are weak and quiet: Calcutta Grain
Bags, 5@5%c: Wool Bags, nominal; San Quen
tln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos ■ Bay. $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pile- quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6Hc; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Extra C,
i%c; Golden C, .','ic; ■ California A, 6%c per
lb; -barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes Vie more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
• For Saturday, June 25. 1
Flour, qr sks ... 6,173 Hay, tons 473
Barley, ctls ..... 2,315 1 Straw, tons 19
Butter, ctls 5001 Pelts, bdls 244
Cheese, ctls 37 Hides, no 417
Tallow, ctls ..... 120 Errs, doz ....... 17,160
Beans, • sks ...... 33 Quicksilver, flsk. 21
Rye, sks 660 Leather, rolls ... 374
Potatoes, sks ... 1,973. Wine. gals ....... 46,750
Onions, sks ..... 655 Lime, bbls 81
Middlings, sks .. 183
OREGON.
Wool, bales ' 21. .V
THE STOCK MARKET.
A glance at the appended list of Comstock
fluctuations during the past week will tell the
story of the serious depreciation In the value
of the famous old lode. Prices were never
lower In tbe aggregate and business was never
duller. The San Francisco board no longer
has a salaried caller, and the dally sales are
insignificant.
Jn local securities yesterday Oceanic Steam
ship was firmer and Hawaiian Commercial
weaker.
■ The Gold ! Coin Mining Company of Colorado
paid' a dividend of 1 cent per share,' amount-
Ing to $10, COO, yesterday.
* The Humboldt Savings and Loan Society has
declared a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
4 per. cent on term deposits and 3 1-3. per cent
on ordinary 'deposits, '.payable July 1. ■ ..-.
.The llodoc Mining Company of Colorado-has
declared a -dividend rof■ 3 r cents -per- share,
amounting to $15,000, payable ', immediately. •-,.:.;.
: The Morning Star drift mine of Placer, Coun
ty paid a dividend of $5 per share this month.'
Cripple Creek. ■> Colo., : mines paid $131, In
dividends ' In May. . In addition to Its regular
dividend of $9000 the Llllle mine paid an- extra
dividend of -$18,000 last •■ month. 1 ' >>>,'
Including the dividends payable on the Ist of
July,;, the amounts. paid to that date by ■ three
California ~ mines ■- will •be as t follows: Aetna,
$140,000;-Napa Consolidated • 'SO, 000: New Idria.
$00,000: total. $1,130, m0. '-■--■• "- •
; In the Standard Consolidated mine :at Bodie.
for v the week ending June 11, the usual ex
ploratory - work ' was done on the 130, 318, 350,"
470 and 582 levels; in t the New, Moyle, East, 1 '
i Main Standard. Black, :. No. ■10 . and Fortuna
ledges. The usual ' amount ;of ore P was • stoped
from these ledges. ; *-. : . .- 1 ■. :: . ; » '■, '-'"■ - - •. ',
■ Standard - Mill ■' statement — Ore : crushed for
the . week, ■ 230 tons; average assay vanner tall
ings, •' $7 28;- concentrates produced, 2>4 tons;
assay value, $134 60: amalgam produced. 1002*4
ounces; value per ounce, $2 34 per ton. At
tailings plant No. 1, 614 tons of tailings were
treated. At plant v No. 2, , 527 tons of old tall
ings were treated as a test. : •
1 The syndicate handling : the < San Francisco
and San Joaquin - Valley Railroad Company's
5 per cent bonds has just made another allot
ment of $240, CC0 at 2Vi per cent premium. This
is the ninth allotment out of the $0,000,000 au
thorized, and increases the amount- issued to •
; $1,650,000. : , The previous • sale, made over a
1 month ago, consisted of $250,000 at IV4 per cent
premium. :
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, June 25— 10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask Bid. Ask.
(s quar coup.. llo 111H 'ac Gas Imp.. 86 87
4s quar re«...110 111 - Pac L. Co. — 50%
4s quar new...124^125H 3 F G & E... 86% 87
Miscellaneous— San Fran .... 3% 314
Cal-si Cab 55. 114% — .Stock Gas .... 12 —
I Cal El 65... ...125 — Insurance—
I C C Wat us... &7 1 / 4100 Firem's Fund. —
Dup-st ex c... - :»BV4 Hank Stocks—
E L & P G5.. 128*4 — ■ Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F & Cl Ry (is. 113'- — Bank of Ca1. .244 —
. Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 96 97
HC & S 5M.5..100 105 First Nat .....202Vi —
L A LCo 6s. — 100 Lon P & A.... 123 130
i Do gntd Cs.. — 103 Mer : ---hange 10 15
Market-st 65.. 126 — Nev Nat 8... .155 165
Do Ist M u5..H3%114 '■'■ Savings Banks-
Slat Vln 6s Ist — 97V4 Ger S & L..1590 —
NCNG Ry 75.103 — Hum 8 & 1050 1160
NRy Cal 65. .103 — Mutual ' Say. — 42^4
N Ry Cal 55. .102 — S F Say U.. 480 —
NPCT. It 58.101' i — H'& L, C 0.... — 100
Oak Gas 6a.... M0 - Security S B 250 —
■ Do 2d is 55.. — 111 Union " 1000 —
iOm Ry 65. . . . .125V4 — Street Railroad—
P & O 6s lOSVi — California .... — 108
P& Cl Rv 65.108 10S% Gear> f ... .. 40 —
Powell-st 65...115%120 Market-st .... 63% 53%
Reno WL,&L,..100 — Prestil'- — 8%
Sac ElecßySs.lOO — Powder—
3F& N P 55.1C5V4103 California ....120 160
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 90
S Pof Ar 65..105V4 — Giant Con Co. 47% *$%
5 P Cal 65.,.. - 113 Vigorit ........ 2% 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
SPBr 6s 112% — Al Pao Assn.. 93 93^
S V.Wat 65... 116%117 Ger Ixl Wks..llo —
S V Wat 45... 102 103 liana P C 0.... 11% 13
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 HC & S Co.. 23% 24
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49% 50
Contra Costa.. — 54 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co .....50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 97% 97% Oceanic S Co. E9% 59^
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L..... 1% 2%
Cent uaslieht.los — Pac Bot C 0... .101 —
Mutual El Co. — 10% Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 47 47%
Morning Session.
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 87%
200 do flo 23 75
20 Spring Valley Water 97 25
. 50 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 50
25 do do 86 75
150 Giant Powder Con ...48 00
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 37&
25 do do 59 25
25 California Safe Deposit, s 30 96 00
INVESTMENT BOARD
Morning Session.
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 00
15 Market-street.. Ry Co 53 6214
10 Alaska Packers' Association 93 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
f.'i-^i Morning ; Session. • '
100 Belcher 04 100 Ophir 18
450 Con Cal & Va.. 211100 19
100 Gould & Curry.. OS;3o0 Yellow Jacket... 15
800 Justice 06|
Following were the sales In the Pacific Ltock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alta 03,1200 07
500 Belcher 04' 2io Mexican ........ 09
600 Bullion 02! 200 io
300 Caledonia 14200Ophir . 19.
200 Challenge 12 500 Savage ......'.... 03
200 Con Cal & Va.. 20 250 Sierra Nevada.. 53
i"00 Hale & Norcrs. 50 200... 52
300 52 310 51
200 '. 53 600 50
1000 Justice 06
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June 25—12 m.
Bid.Ask.i Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 06 07
Alta 04 05 Ken tuck 04 06
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 04 05 Mexican ....... — 09
Best & Belcher 15 16 Occidental 65 70
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 17 19
Caledonia ...... 13 14 Overman .: 04 06
Chollar 06 07 Potosl 05 06
Challenge Con. 12 15iSava«e . 03 04
Confidence ......25 301 Seg Belcher .. 03 05
Con Cal & Va. 19 20 Scorpion ...1... — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 50 51
Crown Point .. 05 06 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate ...... — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard .......150 165
Exchequer — 03 1 Union Con .... 15 16
Gould & Curry. 07 OS Utah 02 03
Hale & Norcrs. 60 ■ — Yellow Jacket. 11 12
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
T. |W.
T.
V.
S.
fvipna.
\lta
\ndes
Uelcher
iiest & Belcher
Bullion '......
,'alednnia
'hidl>»ni?e
.liar
'on. Cal. & Va.
Jonfldence
'rcwn Point
3ould ft Curry
Male & Norcross
lustlce
Mexican ...........
iphir t
Overman
Accidental !
E otosl
Savage
>eg. Belcher
Standard
Slrrra Nevada
:•••
2 2 1
4 4 4
.... 5 4,
5 5 4
16 15 16
2i 2 2
18 18 16
1| 15 U
' 5 6 5
27 2G 25
30 30 25
6 7 6
8 9 11
70 72 66
3 2 2
10 10 11
20 20; 21
4 5 5
60 60 60
8 8 7
4 4 5
1 4| 3....
1 50 .... 1 CO
56 o2 66
15 15 ■ 15
2 3 3
17 15 15
1 1
a* -4
3.3
6 4
15 15
'3 2
15 13
: 14 12
5 7
25 21
30 25
5 5
; . 9 : 8
50 50
6 6
| 10....
I 21 19
5 4
60 65
.6 5
■,"■4 :-;4
3 3
1 C0I1 50
, 56 51
16 15
2 2
15 16
i'r.u
L'nion
L'tah
Yellow Jacket
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
David. George M., Jeannie, J. M., Marion
and Blanche dimming to Marion B. Cummlnir,
undivided one-half of following: lot on Bw
corner of Third and Tehama and Third streets,
W 75 by S 20; lot on NW line of Folsom street,
27.". NE of Fourth, NE 50 by NW SO; lot on SE
line of Folsom street, 130 BW of Seventh SW
30 by SE 80; lot on E line of Ritoh street, 253
S of Folßom. S 25 by E SO; lot on E line of
Ritch street, 250 Sof Folsom, S 25 by E SO;
lot on NW lme of Perry street, 237:6 NE of
Third, NE 37:0 by NW SO; US.
Sarah L. Klmball to T. C. Van Ness, lot on
W line of Minnesota street, 100 S of Butte, S
100 by W 100; $1.
Cbarlea E. Bock to Gustav Walter, lot on J»E
corner of Fourteenth avenue and V street, N
22", E 02:fi, BW 241 :t», W 2:10; $10.
Thomas Wootton to Ch&rlea B. Lilley, lots
60 and «6, Outside I*ind block 274, Richmond
Villa Association, not of record: also all In
terest in estate of William W. Wootton, Fresno
County; also all property In Fresno and Tulare
counties, (trust deed), gift and etc.
Charles L. Hanson, R. B. Kirohhoffer (Han
son & Co) to James P. McCarthy and Stanford
Addition Land Company, block 133, Sunnyslde
Addition No. 1. quitclaim deed; 11.
Stanford Addition Land Company to Charle3
Williams, lot 8, block 130, Sunnyslde Addition
No. l . .$lO.
Justice V. Haley to Dunonn McNee. lot on
XE line of Madagascar (Twenty-seventh)Mreet.
50 SE of St. John <P). SE 77:2, N 106. NW «4.
SW 100, block 495, Haley Purchase, quitclaim
deed; $25.
Alameda County.
William J. Dingee to M. Foley, lot on W line
of Magnolia street, !>O:6 S of Fourteenth, S 37:6
by 133:4, Oakland, quitclaim deed: $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Sereta I.
Taylor (wife of Felton). lots 10 to 13, block 2.
and lot 11. block 1, Herapg Tract, Oakland An
nex: $10.
D. B. and Ella B. Hunter to James L. Bar
ker, lot on NW corner of Ellsworth street and
Dwlght way. W 100 by N 100, block 4, College
Homestead. Berkeley; $10.
F. Lubben and George D. and John G. I,ub
fcen. lot on NW corner of Seventh street and
Pacific avenue, X 64 by W 125, Alameda; $10.
Alice Green to Isaac J.. C. E., F. C. A. T.
and W. E. Trainor. undivided one-half inter
est in lot on S line of Seventh street. 100 E
of Webster. E 25 by S 50. block 63, Oakland; $10.
Isanr J.. Anna. C. E.. F. C.. A. T. and W. E.
Trainor to Alice Green (wife of C). undivided
one-half of lot on S line of Seventh «treet, 125
E of Webster. E 25. S 100. W 30. N 50, E 5. N
50 to becinnlng, block 63. Oakland; $10.
William H. Johnson to Wlllette C. Johnson,
lot on S line of Railroad avenue, 25 E of
Myrtle street, S !>7:3, W to a point on E
Myrtle street, distance 92:4^ S from R line
of Railroad nvenue. N to Railroad avenue, E
25 to beginning, block 453, Oakland: $10.
\j. A. and Florence I. Raleigh to Home Se
curity Building and I^oan Association, lot on
SE line of Thirteenth avenue. 7.=> NTS of East
Fifteenth street. NE 25 by SE 75, block X,
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Agnes H. Miller to E. J. Miller, lot on N line
Butler avenue, 22.". E of Idaho street. E SS by
N 188, subject to a mortgage, quitclaim deed,
Oakland Annex; $2.
H. H. Fassett to Clary J. Blgelow, lot 90 In
plot 13, Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland
Township: $1.
Builder's Contract.
Mrs. E. Schultze (owner) with William Pat
erson. contractor, architert none. Repairs and
replacing damaged portions in second and third
stories of Vnlon Hotel building on W line of
Michigan street, between Twentieth and
Twenty-flrst. distant 100 from Twentieth, 50x
75; $2207.
THIS CALL CAT/KNTJAR.
June, 1898.
1
I
I
Sa.
;■<:
11
IS
36
Moon's : . Pha^e&
Full Moo a.
-■'.: June i.
16
IT
;<&.'? June 10. :
»Kv. NewMooo. (
w ' June 18. ;t
23
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUNE— IS9B.
Sunday, June 26.
Sun rises 4:49
Sun sets .........7:3a
Moon sets • 1 1:33 p. m.
Feet.
H
|L W
3.8 9:58
3.6! 10:42
|H W
1.2 L 6:52
0.6! 8:25
—0.1! 9:42|
-0.6' 10:44]
I -1.1 11:34|
1.3 4:49
1.9 5:28
L W
3.4 11:34
3.5 12:30
3.7 1:29
3.9 2:27
4.1 3:25
6.
• 11:28
1.9
1 5:17
L, W
! 0:28
i 1:27
i 2:25
. 3:18
!i 4:o:«
;.o.
;.i
HW
6:11
6:57
7:47,
8:391
9:32|
5.D
5.7
j 6.0
6.2
6.2
3.
3.!
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the thtrd time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Chllknt Eel River June 26
Mackinaw Tacoma June 26
Santa Rosa San Diego June 26
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget SoundiJune 26
Burma Nanalmo |June 26
San Mateo IComox June 26
Wellington Departure Bay | June 27
Coos Kay I Newport IJune2S
Empire Coos Bay JJune2S
Willamette Seattle i June 28
Oregon Portland IJuneJS
North Fork iHumboldt (June 29
Alameda j Sydney June 29
Orizaba Humboldt June 29
Washtenaw.. .. Tacoma (June 29
Aoapulco Panama June 30
Columbia Portland June 30
Pomona. Ran Diego June3o
Tresoent City. . I Crescent City June 30
City of Panama Pan Jose de Guatemala, i June 30
Umntllla SVlctoria & Puget Soundljuly 1
Arcata !Cnos Bay |July 1
Homer j Newport ! July 2
State rallfornla'Portland IJuly 3
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Steamer, j Destination. Sails. Pier.
tate of Cal Portland June 26, 10 am Pier 12
[omer Newport June 26. 9 am Tier 11
rrata iCons Bay June 26, 10 amPler 13
Irigo St. Michael... l Jun" 27. 4 pm Pier 2
anta Rosa San Diego June 2S, 11 ami Pier 11
hilkat iHumboldt (June 2S. 9am!Plerl3
'ulton : Oregon Ports. June 28, 8 am!Pler 20
regon I Portland June 29, 10 am "Pier 12
oos Bay. ..'Newport June 30, 9 ami Pier 11
ralla \Vall Vie & Pgt SdiJune 30, 10 am|Pler 9
y Panama Panama lu:y 1,12 m PMSS
rizaha iHumboldt July 1, 10 am; Pier 9
'olumbia ..jPortland iJuly 2, 10 anvPier 12
nmrna >San Diego IJuly 2. 11 am Pier 11
:.>rth Fork. Humbuldt ....(July 3, 9am;Pier 2
leveland .. \ Alaska jJuly S |
Destination.
Sails.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time hail on top <"if the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about "ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. Is
published the Fame day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the following day.
". P. WELCH, Ensign. U. 3. X.. In charge
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroerraphie Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, June
2.-,, ISSB.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly S p. m., Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH.
Ensign, U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. June 25.
Stmr Coqutlle River. Johnson, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg, bound for Newport. Put In to
land passengers.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Sohr Joseph and Henry, Arff, 3 days from
Coqullle River.
Schr C H Merchant, Olsen, 24 hours from
Fort Bragß.
Schr M estcrn Home, Nielsen. 4 days from
Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Saturday. June 25.
Stmr Orizaba, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Perk
ins i Co.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br ship Lclnnd Brothers, Bailey. Port
Townsend: Balfovir, Outhrle & Co.
Krlß John D Spreckels. Christiansen, Hono
lulu; J D Spreckels & Bms Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, June 25.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Orizaba. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Ruth. Strand. Tlllamook.
Stmr Crescent <"ity, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Coqullle Rive, Johnson, Newport.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson.
Stmr Saga, Carlson. Vancouver.
l'.ktn Jane L Stanford. Johnson, Puget Sound.
Schr Keliance, Hansen.
Schr Occidental. Brandt.
Schr Fortuna. Roslch. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 25—10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, S\V; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Metha Nelson loads lumber at Tacoma
for H • ->; Sonoma, luml>er at Chemainus for
Adelaide. 50s.
SPOKEN.
May 29— Lat 43 S. long 56 W, Br ship Lord
Cairns, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
June 2— Lat 12 S, lons 26 \V . Br bark Kllmal
lle, from Shields, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— Arrived June 25— Stmr Hueneme,
from Eureka.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived June 24— Bark Mc-
Near, hence June 2.
Sailed June 25— Stmr Noyo, for St Michael
with two river boats in tow.
EI'REKA — Arrived June 25— Stmr North
Fork, hence June 23.
POINT REYES— Passed June 25— Stmr Pas
adena, from San Pedro, for Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 24— Schr Nor
ma. for San Francisco; schr O M Kellogg, for
Santa Rosalia.
P.OWENS LANDING— A rived June 25— Schr
Newark, hence June 24.
USA I/— Sailed June 25— Stmr Newsboy, for
San Pedro, via San Francisco.
NAKNEK RlVEß— Arrived prior to May 18—
Bark B P Cheney, hence April 22.
SKATTLE— Arrived June 25— Schr Repeat,
hence June 14.
VENTT'RA— Arrived June 25 — Stmr George
Loomls. hence June 24 and sailed for San Fran-
Cisco.
HARDT CREEK— Arrived June 25— Stmr Su
nol. hence June 24.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 24— Stmr Protection
from Orca.
Sallod June 24— Stmr Progreso, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Willamette, for San Francisco.
Et'KEKA- Sailed June 25— Stmrs Chllkat and
Fulton, for San Francisco; schr Alice, for San
Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 25— Schr J
F Miller, hence June 15.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 25— Stmr Columbia,
hence June 23
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO— Sailed Junel4— Br ship Celtic Chief
for British Columbia.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed June 25— Schr J
M Weathenvax. for Kahului.
IIKACHY HEAD- Passed June 24— Br ship
Norma. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
I>rXKlßK— Arrived June 24— Br ship Penjr
wern. hence F*>b 3.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed June 24— Br ship
As-piee, for Pnn Francisco.
WELLINGTON— Sailed June 23— Br etmr
Wp-rrimoo, for Vancouver.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June l, ibSs, iraina will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed I Passen-"
«er Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Dally. Exc pt d tons. Excpfdl Dally.
7:20 am S:ooam Stockton 8:46 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am S:io ptn Fresno 9:SO a m 2:20 p m
11:35 am 6:45 pin Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pm
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'krfl'd 2:80 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 pm! 7:50 p m Viaalla 6:40 a m 112:53 pin
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connectlohs— At Stockton with steamboat* of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at «
p. m. dally: at Merced with stages to and
from Bnelllngs, Coultervllle. Ymiemlte. etc;
also with stage from Hornitos. Marlposa. etc.:
at Lankerstalm with itace to and from MaJsra.
BATLKOAD TRAVEL.
■OVTIIKRN MCiriC lOMHAST, 1
(PACIFIC HVSTRM.)
_ , 1,... mid nre iliik to Arrive m%
MAM Ht*MIWO. (
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lbatb — From Jaxß 1893 - — . ajuh v;
*6IOOA Sau Jose and Way Station.... *«;«a,
7:00 a B.nicift, Suisun and Sacran.ento. ... 10.45*.
7:«>Oa Marysrille, Oronlle and KcUdiug via
Woodland ...:......' 2 : 1? p
7:«Oa Vacurille and Kum5ey. ............. "** oe
7:»«a Martinez. San Ramon. Valtejo. Napa,
Callstoga and Santa R05a. . ... . . 0 sJ3f
8:»0a Atlantic Kxi-ress. OgiU-n and I.Mt.. 8:13p
»«»«a Nil.*, «»n J«»c Stockton, lone.
Sacramento Mnrysvllle, » Chico.
Tchamaan«tllo.l Uliiff .-Ml
•»:80a I'et.Ta. Mi1t0n, 0akda1e.. ........... '-»»P
9i«n« New Orleans I'.M'^™. Merced. ( r«3-
no, JJakerslield. SanU ;l; l ■»' ;»ra. ,
1...S Angohns Demi"K. W l *»"• _ .
New Of leans and K»V-L.VViV.* ; ®-" p
lOsOOAVallujo. Martinez and Way Stations ,7 : ••>?
M:O0p Sacramento Hirer StoanieW... ; ";""f
SanJoee. Niks and Way Stations... !».13*.
•:«Op Lirermore. Merdota, Hanford and,
Visalia .......; vW" • *- I(> '
LWi/rraore, Ken Jose, Niles Way .10.15^. lo . 15^
Fresim.Tc^mYteiMeroed.'MartJne* »2j15»» 2jl5 »
4iO»p Martinez Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Nap*. CallHtoga. M Verano and
Hanta HoKa ...' •• » 110
«t»»r Benlcla, VaoarUlc, Woodland,
Kuichta l.Mi.ling. Ma-orsvllle. <>ro- |O;4(|A
4i»«p Nilcs, San Jose Tn.oy and Stockton .. 7sl«»P
4:30p Stockton. Lodl Oakdale (James- . m
town for Yo8 ( -init.-). Merced I«Jl«»*
4:30p Lathrop. M,., lff.tr. Merced. Uerena*
IlCajinoud for Yoiemite), Fresno, • '
MojaTe. Santa liarbara and liO«
Angles ;..... Ti4OA
4i«op Santa Vn IConte. Atlantic Kipr«M _- _
forMoJafo and Kast •• 5.2*
•t«Op ICuropeau Mail, Ocden and Ku»t. ... 9:45*.
•OiOOr Vallejo . 18:l3p
ei«l»r llaywardn. Nil. sand Han .lone 7:4.1 a
J7ioop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t»:43r
StOOp OreKOU Kxi>rKm,Bacriiincnto, Marys-
«llle. Redding. Portland, I'uset
Hound and Kant 8il»«.
KAN LKAMHtO AMI IIAYVVAItUS LOCAL.
r::-y- (Foot of Market Street.) -.- ■
: ~ 'i MelrONf. Scinlniirx Park, 7 7TTST
8:00 a Ulmrcr, Klmliumt, '* 9:4 X
,J ! 22* San l*andro. South Sa, I? 1 !?*-
HUoIk Low-io.Ch.ru J«;J»J
ilSiOWx Loreß*o,t'herrj • ,ii4sp-
iBxOOp „ • Bd . J»«l3f
SiOOp Hayward*. (Si43r
7iOop i Rum through to Nilcs. Ti4sr
) ( From Niles. \.
1 COAST IHVISIOS (Narrow «■««»).
(Foot of Market Street.) :
J7j4sa SanU Cruz Kxcureion. Santa Crui ""
and Principal Way Stations tSiOSv
81138 1 1 3 A Newark, Centerrille, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Oreek, Santa Orux and Way
KtaUoDB ..... v .... 0:30?
••IISp Newark, CenterTille, Ban Jo»», New
Almaden, Folton, Boulder Oreek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ■ MOiSO*.
4«15p San Jose. Glemrood 4 Way Station! 0:20*.-
o4: 1 Boiildt-r Creek and Santo Cnw...... >»:««> A^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS mRCISCO— root of Mirktt Strut (Slip I)—
•7:15 O:l'O U:ooa.m. (1:00 *2:00 t3:09
•4:00 18:00 *6:00r.«.
rrooOlEUSD— rooltfßr»>dw»j.— "«:oo 8:00 10-.00a.K.
ti2:oo •1:00 t?:03 *3:03 t«:QO "BiOOi-.M.
COAST DIVISION (llroart Mange). *
{Third and Townsend St 9.) ■ ,
•7xO«A Hurt ,lo»o mill Wiiy Stnllmia (Now
A tma<i^ii Wednesdays only) Ii 8«»
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for B»n Jose.
S.«)ta Cruz, Tsciflo Grove and
Principal Way Stations *»»»»»
•■OO» Hkm .I.wo, 'l'rc.i Hi. ok, Santa Cruz,
r»cilic (<ru*e. Paso ICoblea, Sail
huts Ol>lk|mi, Ouadaliipn, Surf and
Principal Wny 8Utio»B 4:10*
IO:IOa Ran .line aniMYay HUtimis •8:««
ll:3«>\ Ban Joeo and Way Stations. •8:33*
•«:«■• San Mat'n, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Hull .l»«e,
Ullrwy. Hollistcr, Sitnta Onus,
Salinas, Monterey and Paclllo
<;rnr« '.. *IO:MA
•*tHOr San and Way Stations *»:i»Oa
•4:l.tr SaM.Tosean.l Principal Way Stations »:-I3a
•fti«»«»p Han Jose and Principal Way Station* G:.'tsA
A::tur SanJiKieaii.l Principal Way Station* s:»<>r
«:3Or San Jose an.l Way .Stations v 7 :3 °?
jll;4Sr San Jose nn.l Way Station x 7:30 i«
. A for Morning. 1" for Afternoon
*Miin(iavß oxreptml. t Sundays only. * Sut.ur.lnTß oi\f
I Sunday, and Mondays. a .Saturdays and Suuuay».
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoo Pom. Foot of Markat St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN TAFAEU "
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:3u, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11. p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a, m.: 1:30. 1:10.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAi'S— «:lo. 7:60. 9:20, 11.10 a, m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips aC
1:55 p. m. and 6:36 p. m.
BL'NDAIs- 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. S:4OL
»:00, t:i6 P. m. .
Between Ban Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
same schedule as .above.
Leave ■■" ~Osj Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. — Aprif 23. .
Week I Sun- UK. Sun- I Week
Days. ) days. Destination, days. | Days.
"7:30 am ~8. -00 am Novatu, |1U:4O am~sY4o am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 Pin
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. - 10:25 an
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale^_ 7:35 pm 6:22 pig
7:30 am . jliopland and 10:2.5 am
3:30 pm S:ooam| Uklah. 7:35 pmj 6:22 pig
T:3O am " 10:25 ana
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm | 1 6:22 pm.
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' '):40 am 8. 40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 prt
7:3U ami 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10. .:'.. am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
rerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the G?ysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Eartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville, Booneville. Orr*s Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid**
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A sent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars \
Run. on the Following Time:
Leave San Francisco. 4: 3o p. m., &M.T.W.T.F.sJ
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W. T.F.S.S.M.T.,
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
Arrive Chicag0. ......9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
. Serve Superior -Meals at Very Reason^
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
I? You Travel on the Santa Fo«'
SAN FRAHCISCO TICKET OFFICE — BM MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1530.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramoiito offioe-2)l J Street.
Ban Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, IS9B.
* . WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, "3:00,
I »9:30. 11:00 a. m. : '1:45. 3:20, 4:00. 6:15. -6:00.
■Extra m trl 9 for San Rafael on Mondays.
NVcdnesdays. Saturdays and Sundays a.t • 11:30
P " m - : SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *S:oo, •i-.00,
•10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a. m. : 1:00. «l:4o. »2:30, '4:00.
B:30, 6:45 p. m. ■'■
11-00 a m. does not run to San Rafael.
5-30 p m does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
I lralUß THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 320 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
| 5:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations. .
S-«ia. m. Sundays— Cazadeio and way «station».
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way st.Vn«.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(.Via Sausalito J-'erry.) ' .••■.,
Leave San ; Francisco, commencing May 1.
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— 8:00, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m 1:45 and
i 2:30 p. m. ' .
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
• THOS. : COOK ■& - SON, Agents, 621 Market
i street. -San Francisco. '- -■■' ■•-■-- ■
111 Callsl.so per YearBOYS' AND GIRL'S PAGE.
THE LITTLE GIRL SPY.
MIGUEL HERNANDEZ is a Cu
ban patriot who lived not many
miles from Santiago de Cuba.
Miguel fell sick of the fever, and
Miguel's little daughter, Maria,
and Mi uel's wife had to look out for
th-ir one cow an 1 some chickens and
a garden. Miguel grew worse, and his
wife was soon compelled to pass all of
her time at hij bedside. Little Maria
played some, but worked most of the
time.
Their little home was in the moun
tain?, and no Spanish soldiers had been
there until the news came that "the
Yankees" had declared war against
Bpain. Soon after that Spanish troop
ers came over the mountains hunting
for able-v.r>.-M P d men to make into Span
ish soldiers. Brutal and rough they
were, and they struck poor Miguel, be
cause, they said, he was shamming
sickness. The captain of the troopers
saw Maria in the garden and cafled her
to him.
•How old are you, little girl?" he
asked.
'Twelve years old next Christmas."
"Twelve years old. Well, you will do
as a guide over the mountains. Come,
we want you."
Maria's mother cried and coaxed the
soldiers not to take her little girl away,
pleading that her help was needed.
Maria cried, too, and joined her plead
ings with her mother's, but all in vain.
She was roughly seized and ordered to
show the soldiers the way to Santiago
de Cuba, she acting as guide.
She performed her duty bo well that
the troopers slept In a Spanish fort that
night.. The next day and the next, and
for many days after, more Spanish
soldiers arrived at the fort, and Maria
learned from what they said that they
had been ?ent <>ut from Havana to
Strengthen the garrison, and that ~ big
battle was expected as soon as the
Americans should come.
Day and night the Spanish soldiers
toiled with picks and shovels and dug
deep pits In the earth, into which they
lowered explosives, which would go. off,
thf-y said, and blow into pieces any
Cubans or Yankees who might come
that way. Every road leading to San
tiago was treated this way except one;
that one the Spaniards kept open fur
their own safety.
Maria was filled with fea.\ She knew
that her fathe was a leader among
the Cubans. Suppose when he was well
that he should r. arch with an army
over these dreadful pits? Maria made
up her mind that she would watch
carefully and try to escape at the first
chan c. Hut ehe was closely watched,
the Spaniards were very sus
picious.
"The little rebel." she heard a er
geant say to a Spanish officer, "has
mischief in h< fi i-s."
The Spanish officer had her brought
before him. "Any attempt you make
ai o and carry news to the Cu
bans will raur-e you to be shot. Do
you understand!"
She did understand and trembled vio
lently; but she made no answer.
"Keep your eyes on that girl," she
heard the officer say later. "If you
suspect her shoot her at once."
Then the Spanish warships com
manded by Admiral Cervera came into
the harbor of Santiago, and there was
much joy until an American fleet ap
peared and shut p the Spanish ships
as If they were In a trap. The Spanish
soldiers were no longer allowed to go
away from tlie forts, for a battle might
take place any time and they were all
needed. The '"'ubans soon found out
this and soon signal fires appeared
every night on the hills. Spanish
spies were sent out and came back
with the news that a large force of Cu
bans were gathering; that they had
succeeded in getting guns and ammuni
tion from the Americans and that they
were only -waiting for a signal to
march against the Spanish in their
forts.
Ge.ieral Liar :•--. who commanded the
Spaniards, ordered that some large
cannons should be moved to some new
earthwo: s to be made, to guard the
road 3. There were two n«w batteries
JflE LANDLADY IS NOT WILLING TO LET THE DUDE GO FREE AND SETS OUT TO ARREST HIM, WITH STRIKING RESULTS.
and iour cannons were to be moved.
Into one of t. -c cannons little Maria
crept. She vas hardly inside of the
dark and jffocating ph c when she
was sorry, but she dared not cry out
for fear the Spaniards would carry out
their threat to shoot her if she should
try 10 escape.
After she had heard much noise she
felt the cannon move and she knew
that it was wheeling to the new bat
teries. The rough jolting over stones
hurt her terribly; the air grew more
and more stifling and Maria's throat
CAPTAIN RUTH RUSH OF NEW YORK AT THE HEAD OF HER WARRIORS.
From the Mail and Express, New York.
was parched and burning. Still she
made no noise. She knew that she had
been missed for she heard the soldiers
speak of her flight. Horsemen galloped
by and she was sure that they would
be searching for her. Her heart stood
almost still and she hardly dared to
breathe. Would they find her? Was
ever a little Cuban girl in such trouble?
How would she get out of the cannon
alive?
The courage she had surpassed her
years, but it was taxed to the utter
most. The cannon was finally drawn
BOYSI DON'T FORGET THE FIREWORKS?
to its new place. The new earthwork
was on a hill. The road it was to guard
was below. Before the soldiers ceased
work they pointed the gun downward.
From its smooth Interior the little girl
felt herself slipping, slipping. A sec
ond more and she would be in the open
air — in daylight! Another second and
the cruel rifles would be aimed at her!
But no, she fell into darkness. It was
night. From the cannon's mouth she
dropped until her progress was stopped
by high grass. What a noise she made
as she struck the ground! She must
have been heard, she thought. No,
brave little girl, your time has not come
yet. You are outside of the earth
works, unseen and free and It is night.
What will you do?
At first Maria feared to move. She
discovered that she had not been hurt.
When her eyea became used to the dim
light she saw the road below, whUe and
dusty, winding away until it was lost
to view in the deep shadows of trees
that grew near the bridge that crossed
a creek. She waited and waited. Then
she crawled on hands and knees to
ward the road. A loose stone rolled
from beneath her feet and rattled nois
ily downward. Had it been an ava
lanche the sound could not have terri
fied the poor child more. But the Span
ish sentinels did not appear to hear.
How far it was to the road! Would
she ever get there? Would she not, In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
the darkness, step upon a mine and be
blown up? She did not know that the
mines would not explode without they
were set off by electricity. Her ignor
ance added that terror. She reacned
the road more dead than alive. She
crawled along, hardly moving, until
she reached the shadows of the bridge,
and she crossed the bridge as softly as
a cat steps. When she was in the for
est beyond she ran as fast as htr
strength, aided by her fear, would let
her.
She ran until she could go no farther.
She sat down, breathless, under a tree,
and the next instant two Spanish trxip
ers swept by her on horseback, so nrar
that she felt the wind caused by their
motion. They talked to each other
about her escape and were sorry that
they had not found her. They did not
dream she was so near them. When
the sounds of their horses' hoofs di -d
away Maria lost no time going on, but
only at ;i Blow walk. She knew the
road well and had no fear that aht
would lose her way. But she had miles
to travel to roach her home. The troop
ers had visited her home and had re .
ported that she was not there. So that
was the safest place for her.
"Halt:"
"I surrender," said little Maria, vith
b, sure that she would now be shot.
"Surrender!" ejaculated a familiar
voice. "It is little Maria!"
The person was her own father. He
had started out to spy upon the Span
ish works. Maria was placed on J, »
saddle by her father, who rode rap
idly along the mountain road. As the
horse sped through the darkness she
told her story.
"Wonderful it all is, Maria," her
father said. "I will take you at once
to the American officer."
So it was through little Maria that
the Americans and Cubans learned of
the Spanish mines and all about thejr
forts, and she had well served her
country. The American officer gave
her a little American flag to pin on her
dress and a gold piece for her courage.
OREGON SLEIGH RIDE.
BY JUDITH GUSLEAN, C. R. C,
PORTLAND, OR.
Oh. winter is a jolly time,
W'htn fields are white with snow;
Then o"er the roads, with bolls that chime
The sleigh will swiftly go.
Then there are flowers— but on the face.
For, as the keen wind blows.
It gives to youth its rarest grace —
Upon each cheek a rose.
We'll blow up Morro Castle,
Up higher than the moon.
For Yankee Doodle's dander's up,
As Blanco'll find out soon.
GUSTAVE FROST.
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
THE JUNIOR HEROES.
IF Uncle Sam, resplendent in his
striped breeches and star studded
coat, should ' -. ke Old Glory on his
shoulder and whistle "Yankee Doo
dle," as he tramped up and down
across the State of California he would
soon have an army of school children,
the junior heroes and heroines, at his
heels. San Francisco alone could fur
nish 60,000. Altogether there would be
enough in the State, ready to hold up
their right hands, and promise fealty to
"Old Glory" to fill up an army corps.
That would call for a major general,
brigadier generals, colonels, lieutenant
colonels, majors, captains and so on,
including some of the "swaggerest"
drum majors who can be imagined.
Not all of the officers could be boys.
The girls would form regiments and
even brigades, perhaps. Then and
there also little girls would be proud
drummers, lifers, buglers and color ser
vants, resplendent in military finery,
glad to uphold the honor of "Old
Glory," so dear to every American
child. Already there are many small
companies of children, who daily jump
into uniforms, get guns, work over the
manual of arms, march under the star
ry flag charge the Spaniards twenty
times a day and fight such battles that
the Board of Strategy at Washington
would be puzzled to guess what the
outcome of the several engagements
might be.
Now, The Cail wants to know all
about these companies and an invita
tion is hereby extended to all children
who have organized any sort of a mil
itary body to Bend word concerning tho
same to the editor of the Boys' and
Girls' page. Send in these facts: Name
of company, date '>f organization;
whether the little soldiers are cavalry,
artillery or infantry; names of officers
and members; names of musicians and
a little story about what the company
is doing; where and when it drills, and
what the uniform Is that has been
adopted.
To show the California children what
their little compatriots in the East are
doing some pictures are taken from the
New York Mail and Express. "No
where." says the Mail and Express,
speaking of the little soldiers of New
York city, "is the juvenile war spirit
stranger than above the Harlem, in the
borough of the Bronx. The youthful
defenders in and around East 13Stb
street are pupils of School No. 62. They
are led by a veritable Joan of Arc, a
breezy whirlwind of a girl, 12 years old,
Captain Ruth Rush. Nature did great
violence to this heroine's feelings when
she made her a girl. Ruth was an au
thority on all sports before this cruel
war began. She umpired the ball games
and was the court of last resort in all
the boys' disputes. When Uncle Sam
called for defenders Ruth got a bugle,
learned all the martial calls, rallied the
unquenchable sons of liberty in the
Bronx, and they drill and inarch to her
bugle music before and after School.
Captain Ruth has her hosts under per
fect discipline.
"Her word is law. Her orders are
obeyed with military promptness and
precision, or she knows the reason why.
She tolerates no 'monkeying' in the
ranks. John Stiner, her trusted lieu
tenant, is a very warlike disciple of
Captain Ruth. Another fierce regiment
of Bronx patriots is officered by Colonel
William Loseman, Captain Charles
Stuerer, Lieutenant Richard Warkin
and Privates Francis, Ranker, Keenan,
McCormack, Johnson, Hill, Thompson,
Brennan, Turkhoff, Rugler and Wal
lack."
There are every bit as bright soldier
boys and soldier girls in California as
there are in New York or in any other
place under the sun. Send in group
photographs and tell your stories. Do
not make the stories too long, but tell
all the facts.
Let us hear from "Slßkiyou to San
Diego and from the Sierra to the sea,"
as the political speaker likes to say.
Wherever there is company of small
boys or small girls, who have the war
spirit, on the Pacific Coast, this invita
tion is Intended to reach. It will not
be necessary to be "strong on regi
mentals" to be pictured. Patriotism is
the thing. Any group not carrying the
American flag would be considered non
patriotic; but, of course, there are none
such.
Let it not be forgotten by the chil
dren that the first volunteer regiment
to set sail for a foreign country during
the present war was the first Califor
nia Volunteers.
Wherever there is an arm;' post on
the Pacific Coast there are stout-heart
ed boys and girls, whose fathers are en
listed under the flag. We hope to hear
from them. One of the sights of the
Presidio, for some years, has been the
uniformed small boys, dressed in the
reduced uniforms of their plucky sires,
cavalrymen, artillerymen, infantry.
Mars may have been said to have at
tended their birth. They are still at
tended by their mas. They are half
soldiers already.
The volunteers have left behind them
just as good little h oes and heroines
as there are to be found In the garri
sons. What a sight would be presented
by all the boys and girls on parade on
Market street some day. That would
be worth going a thousand miles to
view. As the war progresses and patri
otic fervor continually in reases that
may be possible. Why should there not
be such a parade? In the meantime
send in the pictures am. stories and
have a parade in miniature.
OUR BRAVE BOYS
GOING TO WAR
BY ANITA SMITH.
HATS off boys! The drums are
beginning to roll. The soldiers
in blue are coming now. All
hungry and tired are they.
With their blankets and mus
kets they are ready to fight for their
STEADY, MEN! HERE COMES DE DONS! WAIT AND FIRE LOW.
From the Mail and Express, New York.
country and flag. Let's cheer them and
wave our flags.
Hats off, boys! Hearing cheers from
the children, they pass by with sighs.
For many a mother is watching her
boy who is going away to fight the
Spaniards. He may never come home
again. Let's wave our flags!
WILLIES PROMPT ANSWER.
■Willie, aged 5, was quite a mischiev
ous little fellow, and his maman told
him one day that if he didn't quit being
so naughty the "boogie" man would
get him. "Oh, I'm not a bit afraid,"
he replied. "When I see him coming
I'll reform right quick."
THE PINK-LIPPED SHELL
CLOSE by the Singing River, in the
fairyland under Tamalpais Moun
tain, was a wonderful Pink-Lipped
Shell, that caught the songs which
the fairies and the trees and the
flowers and the marvelous river sing.
It was taken away from its bed among
the vines and grasses one day and was
carried to the Land of the Madrigal
Birds, to teach them songs to sing to
the Fairy Queen.
But lo! Once in that beautiful place,
the shell sang no more. Neither the
Fairy Queen's gentle magic nor the soft
pleading of the Madrigal Birds could
persuade it from silence.
"Go'" said the Fairy Queen to the
Rainbow Moth, her favorite messenger,
"seek out Goldilocks and tell her to
come; for the day the Pink-Lipped
Shell sings no more, that day even the
Bridal Flower must weep and the silver
bells of the Ivory Lilies jangle out of
tune. Make known to Goldilocks that
within the shell is imprisoned a fairy,
whose heart is sad awa- from the
Singing River; for in the river is the
Spirit of her lover. Yet will not the
fairy in the Shell nor the Spirit of the
Singing River be happy truly until
they have been united and have given
the gift of the best song to others."
When Goldilocks and I went in
through the carved Ivory Gate of
Fairyland the Fairy Queen was there
in a chariot drawn by doves, and she
held the silken reins in her own hands.
Goldilocks entered the chariot and sat
beside the Queen. A flying horse waited
for me and pawed the ground, impa
tient to be off.
"We rose up in the clear air and beau
tiful Fairyland, with its sparkling
lnkes, winding rivers, shining palaces,
flowery meadows and its lovely Rain
bow Mountains was in view. Goldi
locks could not help clapping her hands
with joy at the glorious landscape. On
the wind floated the sweet smell of the
Rose Meadows; over their flooring of
snow white pebbles and silvery gravel
bubbled countless beautiful brooks,
and fountains rose and fell in calm
lakes, which perfectly mirrored the
most wonderful of all vistas.
We reached the Land of the Madri
gal Birds, but not a sound arose. The
birds sat mute now, hopeless that the
Pink-Lipped Shell would ever sing to
them more. The heads of the royal
flowers were bowed; the Silver Willows
were trembling.
"You see," said the Queen to Goldi
locks, "that this will never do. Even as
you brought into Fairyland one day the
charm of an opal ring, so now we hope
that you have some charm to wake the
Pink-Lipped Shell. Then happiness
will, be overflowing, as always before, in
Fairyland."
Which Fairy told Goldilocks what to
do? The Madrigal Birds looked up and
seemed happier that she had come. The
Silver Willows rustled their leaves so
that they sounded like sighs, but all
the flowers opened their eyes, and the
wise Fairy Queen knew that this was
a sign.
"Part not the Fink-Lipped Shell and
the Singing River." commanded Goldi
locks. "Throw the Shell into the River.
Then the Fairy in the Shell will be
free at once to walk through the gal
leries of the River King's Palace."
"But the Shell is heavy, dear Goldi
locks," said the Queen. "With all our
strength we brought it here. Know that
it is a law of Fairyland that what a
Fairy does with the consent of the
Queen, that cannot be undone by any
Fairy; no, not even with the Queen's
consent."
Dear Little Goldilocks! Always gen
tle, unselfish and loving, she was
prompt to act now. In her snowy arms
she raised the Pink-Lipped Shell, bore
it to the Queen's chariot and flew away,
and I followed on the winged horse.
Among the oziers near the river bank
she crept, holding the Shell in her
arms.
Back she started with wonder, for
the river opened, the waters parted,
and from away down below came up a
song so faint and fine and sweet that
it might have been the fruit of a
blessed dream. Then from the Shell
came the same song, the answer. No
longer dumb, the Shell sang so sweetly
that the fairies, crowding to the river
brink, stood there enraptured, a happy
gathering. An impulse seized Goldi
locks to go forward and I followed.
The waters parted at our feet, and
shining steps of purest marble, emboss
ed with gold and precious stones, glit
tered before us. We went down hand
in hand, Goldilocks still holding the
Shell, from which came a song that
gradually broadened into a glorious
song of triumph. We passed through
three galleries, the first blue, with great
diamonds in the roof— this to signify
the marvelous sky of midnight; then
the second was brown, like the fruitful
earth, and its carved columns were en
twined with Immortal Flowers, the
breath of which it is that confers end
less youth and endless life upon the
fairies; and then the third, green, like
the beautiful green of the great sea.
Suddenly this gallery was filled with
light and music. Over our heads the
water closed and was a polished roof
of emerald. Myriads of water fairies,
their dresses made gay with kelp and
the flowers that grow secretly in depths
of the sea, came forwai-d. They paused
to repeat the song which the Shell had
sung. Then the loveliest little being
appeared, and they all bowed to him
as to a King.
Goldilocks felt the Pink-Lipned Shell
slipping from her grasp. It fell from the
gallery into a crystal stream that rolled
below. At the touch of that magic
stream the Shell opened — opened as
gently as a flower that opens to greet
the morning. From it came the Fairy
Ariel. She was fairly dazzling. Indeed,
she was the handsomest fairy in all
the world.
At her appearance there was a greit
shouting and the Spirit of the River
came forward and took her hands.
"Free! My beloved at last!" she
said.
"Forever and forever!" answered the
Spirit of the Singing River.
Then the Nautilus came to ferry us
to upper air and the waves parted for
us. By the river stood all the fairies,
and there were the Madrfeal birds, and
their song, now that they had learned
it by magic, was the sweetest of all.
One second and the lovers sank below
the wave and there they wi'" dwell in
the River Palace forever. D. H. W.
And come pretty nigh it,
These guns would be sure to dent her.
Byron McClusky, author of the fore
going, is a happy little American boy, who
finds life is sweet and good, with one—
alas that there should be one— great big
drawback.
A boy must be grown up or at least
have attained to the dignity of long pants,
before he may be considered eligible to
offer his life to his country.
Byron is 11 years old and all "Uncle
Sam" sees fit to ask of him and the mil
lion other boys who have a laudable de
sire to help anihilate the Spanish is
love and devotion, and these Byron freely
This ardent little American boy lives
with his parents on Lombard street, with
in sight of the Golden Gate, and within
hearing of the booming sunset gun at the
Presidio. When war was declared Byron
immediately decided there was work for
him to do. A flag pole was erected in
the back yard, and each morning the
stars and stripes are hoisted by this patri
otic little boy. When the band at the
Presidio blares out the inspiring "Star
Spangled Banner," and the guns thunder
a good night as the sun sinks behind the
hills, little Byron salutes the flag and
hauls the colors down. Since the country
will not send the patriotic little lad to
the "front" and the sword is denied him,
Byron has adopted the next best substi
tute — the pen— and he finds comfort in
verse and childish illustration to convey
his thoughts.
WHEN MA
GETS BACK
Ma's been away for most all day.
An' my! we've had such lots of fun:
We've romped upstairs an' everywheres.
Pulled up the curtains, every one,
An' scared the cat so badly that
She yowled an' yowled an' ran an' ran
About the place an' broke a vase.
An' then upset the ashes pan;
Right on the back-hall carpet, too!
An' now we don't know what we'll do
When
Ma
Gets
Back
I wish we hadn't been so bad
An' turned the whole house upside down,
An 1 ate the cake an' tried to make
An army tent of ma's white gown.
We're gettin' scared, an' if we dared
We'd go to some dark place an' hide
An' keep as still an' wait until
Ma pitied us. I wish we'd tried
To be good boys and girls, for now —
Oomm!— won't there be an awful row.
3132
CLEVELAND OR
FREE SILVER
Democratic Party Must
Choose.
EX- PRESIDENT'S AMBITION
SEEKS TO HEAD THE TICKET
TWO YEARS HENCE.
Is the Logical Candidate Should
the Bourbons Make Their
Fight Upon a New
Issue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rigps House,
Washington, June 25.
Ex-President Cleveland's speech at
Lawrenceville on Tuesday is generally
regarded as a bid for the Presidential
nomination in 1900. He has sounded a
bugrle call which is expected to array
the Democratic party against the pro
posed policy of "conquest and expan
sion," and undoubtedly hopes to re
unite the two Democratic factions by
making this the issue of the next cam
paign Instead of the money question.
The following interview with Repre
sentative Livingston of Georgia reflects
the general opinion here as to Cleve
land's ambition:
"If the Democratic party is going to
lay aside the issue on which we fought
at the lu^t election and look for a new
issue over the question of Hawaii and
the Philippines Grover Cleveland is
the logical leader of the party. If this
is to be our course he is the logical
candidate for 1900. He has probably
read of the Democratic caucus and is
quick to seize his opportunity. If the
Democratic party is going to continue
its fight for free silver, then it can
have nothing to do with Grover Cleve
land. If free silver is to be the issue
we cannot burden ourselves with other
issues, particularly issues on which we
are divided.
'lUit it" the party is going to turn
aside and make an issue of opposition
to Hawaii, Cleveland is the logical
leader. He stands as the supreme head
of the opposition to the acquisition of
territory. Therefore, when he saw
what was going c.-n at Washington he
came out of obscurity, and, taking the
head of the line, sounded this bugle
call:
" 'The American people are tempted
every day and every hour to abandon
their accustomed way and enter upon
a course of new and strange advantage.
Never before in our history have we
been beset with temptations so danger-
OUfl aa those which now whisper in our
ears alluring words of conquest and ex
pansion and point out to us fields bright
with the glory of war.' "
THE LETTER CARRIERS.
The San Francisco Carriers' Mutual Aid
Association has elected the follow.u^
named officers for the ensuing term: Jo
seph McOfll, I*.; George C. Goe, Joseph
I. Hogao and W. J. Phelan, V-P's.; F W
Fahrenholz. K. S. ; P. Tyrell. F S • R
D. Cunningham, T. ; H. s. Henry, S at
A.; C. M. S»-eburt, S. : Dr. John F." Dillon
physician; H. M. Locke. B. F. Ame*'
James E. Clisbaai, H. M. Roche and J.
C Murphy, directors.
Advnnoes made on furniture and pianns. with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CITY CHURCHES
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Wood 3
he Marks of the Lord Jesus."
ong str\ice anil short sermon ;
trumental and vocal music.
special
German Baptist, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. L. Diet*
lornlng— Sermon by the rector. Evening
—Sermon and religious instruction.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street,
Steiner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
.Morning— "Wild Grapes."
uel the Father."
Evening — "Sam-
St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue.
Page and c>uk streets.
Rev. William P. Klrby
[orning— Sermon and high mass at ]0:?.0
o'clock. Evening — Vespers, sermon and
benediction.
St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot
well Btreets.
Father P. J. Cummins
[ornln?— High mass. Evening— and
vespers.
St. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Father Nugent I
lomlng— High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers.
St. Brigid'B, Van Ness avenue and
way.
Father Cottle
n-.nn on the Gospel of the day
mass. Evening— Vespers and
and hlg
V.eiiP<l!i-t
Church of Corpus Christl. Alemuny
Croke streets.
Salesian Fathers
[•trnintf-lliph muss and sermon by Father
< ';issini. Evening— Vespers.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and
streets.
Father Cummings
Morning— High mass and sermon on the
Gospel. Evening— Sermon, benediction and
vespers.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Steiner streets.
Father J. Pious
mass ami Sunday school.
non and vespers.
St. Francis. Vallejo street and
avenue.
Father Carraher
Morning — High mass nnd sermon on the
i;,,si~-l Evening— Vespers and benedic-
tion.
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street.
Father P. A. Foley
tornlriK— mass ami sermon. Evening
— Sermon, vespers ami benediction.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Jesuit Fathers
[ornlng— Sermon at high mass by Father
Hutler. Evening— Benediction, vespers
and sermon by Father Mahoney.
St. James,
streets.
Twenty-third
and
Father P. R. Lynch
—
mass and sermon.
Evening
- Vespers.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
Father P. Scanlan
on the Gospel. Evening —
'espers.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street.
Rev. J. Prendergast, V. G
turning— High mass and sermon. Evening
— Bermoa, vespers and benediction.
St. Mary's Church, California and
streets.
Rev. Father Wyman
Morning— High ma,ss and sermon on the
<;"Pl>ol. Aftermx.n— Confirmation at
o'clock. Evening— Vespers.
St. Patricks, Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
; -Hitrh mass and Sunday school.
ig--Sermon and Vespers.
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly
Sermon and high mass at 10:30
Evening— Vespers.
Bt. Peter and Paul's, Filbert and
Btreets.
Saleslan Fathers
[ornlng— Sermon on the gospel. Evening—
Vespers at 4 o'clock.
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near
fourth.
Secular clergy
lornins- High mass. Evening— Sermon and
benediction.
St. K. >s(\ Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
Inrnin.T— Sermon on the Gospel and high
iiuiss at 11 O'clock. Evening— Sermon.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and
Lobos avenue.
Father Coyle
mon
tlon.
Mass and sermon. Evening— Ser-
the pastor, followed by benedlc-
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte streets.
Father Browne
Morning— Sermon at 11 o'clock.
Vespers.
Evening —
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marist Fathers
Morning— Sodality meeting after the 9
o'clock mass; high mass at 10:30 o'clock.
Evening— Vespers.
Camp Merritt, Old Bay District
Catholic Truth Society
Morning — The solemnization of military
mass at 7:30 o'clock and at 10:30 o'clock.
Evening— Rosary and instruction at 7:30
o'clock.
■ - -• - - i-
First Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Rev. S. F. Ford
-"The Unherolc Present." Evening
Christian Army."
West Side Christian, Bush street,
Devisadero.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
-Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
service and Instruction.
Bethany Congregational, Twenty-fifth
Bartlett streets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
-A war sermon by Professor R. R.
Evening— Sermon by Rev. S. R.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont
Twenty-fourth streets.
Rev. W. H. Tubb
"■■•.- / ■
"Grent Peace Have They Who
ly Law." Evening— "The Preach-
the Cross."
of ti
Richmond Congregational. Seventh
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
[ornlng— "The Personality of God." Even-
ing— "The Divine Call of the Nation to
Put on Its Strength and Beauty."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. T. Bhepard
by the rector.
Evening —
service.
\ ■'. :■■■ .
First Congregational,
streets.
Post
and
Rev. Q. C. Adams
"Every Man His Own Judge."
— "The Man Who Lived In the
Place."
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
[ornlng— "The
Evening — "The
Measurements."
and the War."
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton
Morning— "Christ's Second - Wilderness,
Temptation.' Evening— "Hidden Springs
of Life."
Good 6amaritan Mission, Seoond
near Folsom.
Rev. W. L Kip
and prayer study, Even-
■ , •:■:
;■%.■.;■"'■■ -■.■•*, ■' ■■ -^ . ,
SHALE'S. -I 6 HALES. | SHALE'S. | 6 HALES. . | SHALE'S. | 6 HALES.
«+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+ ■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+ ■+H+H+B+«+"+»+"+"+"+"+»-"+"+"+"+«+«+"+»+»+«+"+"+BH
?00d housewife — SUCh items as Cleaning up all over this huge store— you'll see the results if you watch our advertisements— your pocketbook will save I Pi
° . , ,j . . money if you drop in here Monday. Especially is this so in dress goods and embroideries. Speaking in a general way the f*AAI /^ftfTlTftf*r
these — SUCh prices — ShOUld bring season has been backward, and yet here we are on the threshold of July. We've got a lot of goods that ought to be on the Vl/Ul vUllllUl I
xrnu in nur hitr hi7Tit-l backs of thousands who ought to be in the country but are not. We've a pile of dress goods— very desirable— very stylish—
yOU 10 OUr Dig Dazaan the on , fault we've got against them is they ought not to be here— they won't be here long— we've made such a deep cut in — £S2^aT.i? no *» *" ' ***k
Biggest department in Haie's big stor*. prices that not only housewives, but dressmakers, will see the good sense in buying right now. See our windows, come in and " • - - *&&
(Basement, in Aisle 4.) look rounc buy what you need ; these prices tell the tale. ■
J-J3S • Ladies" White Skirts: ('^V^
Wl - /^^,'-(5) ! sweetly pretty millinery JL Clean-up in this season's f £ wash goods and domestics. :B & iTfilS! \u\
■W^^^^ yp S.T J m dress goods. &g ; asll gq ?" fl », fl Offles n f «*-. ******»„>- aw
f<7^K -^^]> * I _^ The celebrated Fifth (Aisle No. 1.) V] gooo yar(jB percales, 36 Miili \
U^^ru^^> avenue walking hat. 32-inch College Checks, in 8 colors and &&s&£ '-"nd^darr'shkdes^ $S^ / Vltll
.Jt&S^'t /!S\ s=s w mm "*:"::■ X «-^kH
jffifeW f^T X- J^% /T JStfifi* '« chiffon. velvet. B5" 3F yard Yara fW *Vi/4- • W^uS? I****1 **** and V-shape yoke; elab- jE S5^ ssJ »k
e^r^hStL f*^ \--2Jj— ■ ~'^L /C_J>V /I £'Vv&*> V wings 'and flowers; I£-Jr M 88-inch Mosaic Suiting, in 8 colors, one . *\-' r 3<M yards Lappets; in ■^/■ji£ /?£j'*<*- orately trimmed' with AWKSSJri
zr&tfl'f^riA' ij^-- "-" _>-^-/J , // r^W I there's individuality /'fTS / of this season's creations, good dur- |S r \ Vjp*V\ plaids and stripes; • .'W-'i^i*? ' embroidery; 3 different VV V»^
ITfftt,, ,i^£Zt* t?- gSSegr:asiyl»g«gr^g SSegr:a5iyl»g«gr^ M -"4' } V l» in each for J V|V able material; bought to Bell at 35c lOw % Wj V\ open work and floral IIM-r^- \\\ ' 'styles; some slightly
*Jf/jtl Ip tX'^Tii -M'- s jf?---*--^-^-- "~ — -'^^ I 1I 1 <^ i?i*^ <5 }§2 50 '/ ' J*-'*V yard Yard fy * \\ effects: some values '■" > s|i l »iVjS«J« w _ I soiled, but all one JJ JA
TiJU /'^a^^lSfflliTSsHaF^SisS*. 4 rf^^T^ir^. f s>-S.oy. . i. 36-inch Fancy Cheviot and Check Suit- /*' H \\ at . 12Hc; others at a\V^T~' i \" ' price ' f* *" v
//*/ I 1I 1 Ps;\ C»^ i'r^^VSrillrt^? lM>lvM / r, TT mm^ / -\l\ ings, a miscellaneous lot .of dress IQ r /il j , \\ 15c; one price now... /^V^ssr* -\ 39c. C^J. iKi«T4^.
I/7 \ 515^ iSfl (i'^lt^Slt V^/ 1 -'^?\Ki ''rc^-rf Fancy trimmed // C * goods, only a few pieces of each; 40c li/L- //S. J \\ , o Yard (/I M \ \>\< TV
I VE^a ?^ Vi^^K* 3 'fIF UlS^vlSsSffl/ shepherdess h ats / / I \ and COc g00d5..... Yard /.IS a \\ IOc I? AI / \\\ \\ Ladies' Corset Covers; fine white cambrio-
' "S^ißSfe&^Sir J V^Jfe#^ wh°Ue n and ?ifert col- / / f \ 38-Inch Imported German Jacquard a,/ & i \\ Turkish Towels 111/IWAV i tucked front square yoke; '^ b d^
t -^=^ " 4L^ J^4^^ ors "mnging In price /JL ' \ Suitings -6b6 b colorings in 3 designs, *Q4. C M. UL J& m>^ b lea che d: extra c^A/\\\^ \ ruffle all round; regularly 50 C £
ySX,tTV , from / vT l^*^ A choice of 18 styles; regular 50c goods, -^1 "^-^ Tj&;^ "^ r^ i^V,^ large, 22x48 inches.... <^^C.-^v)^>^ 29c Each.
,\ -, k.a-"! '• • I i /iv'SO' #i> » r»r» * <C« e=rt / ■ J now they go for Yard isdESBP . _ . •
Last Monday We Sold en- * * $4.00 to $6.50. / -U *« 40 and BO Inch ■ wide Fancy Suiting. ■ ■ZiSiite&itimßF 19C Each.___ : _ Better grade of fine white cambric; square
ameled steel ware. We adver- MlBSe , le horn - tatl ,l^. ntly t H mm ed m flne V-—^ SS^fa^igaS^a'SS K^^ ' s^^£™tiS £&£*&£■ eo-o. Sffll^?S£S l S a ! a£
tised it at SUCh prices as tO crnln^^ 0 " mid — - ; ■^faSyWit^iSJa^T^SOC with superior white^to, >J- tion and embroidery trUnmed fr0nt.......
... i ii S2 50. yard, a one price now Yard ' 12 j pa | r Gray Cotton Blankets (a *7FZr* ' ~
bring a greater rUSh than even v _ ; • 38-inch Imported German Novelty Dress | specially good fleecy blanket for • CFW ««--.—.«- j
we expected. These are a Children's leghorn flats, handsomely trimmed 4&? sta^s inVsTgo o^-TegufariyV 69C "^ camping); 10x4 •"•" Palr SUmmer VeSIS.
few items to give you an idea - cream silk flowers and ribbon J2X&/ »^piMeT^ y nowior.f!^!!r?..:h-. Yarf White Curtain Swiss; 40 inches wide; | Ql c Ecru and r
feW ItemS tO gIVe yOU an idea $1.50. *%% ~~ " dots and figured patterns \4-i*~ u^fte cotton veftsl «h -f\s
how we can sell enamel steel >T7 - )&&f% cleail = UO 111 embroideries Epli^" vu t ca lttv Muslln: 36 lnches wide: 4C : s"3Kffl: Jm^^n(/
Ware: flOral £\hibitlOll feW 4 J>A\ (Ai ' le N °- 2) ?^#vT r v r^"f^ T«W« Damask; bleached G6 inches l*t*: Richelieu rib- L- ; '
11V1U1 WAIIII/IIIVU BiwW. V) ■«'»■*'' W w-tilp- pvfr-i hpiw niMlltv nil linen bed— / 'S RK -> IN VJSS
VV--» iV i, ♦ !♦■»,♦,„ xo 4^ ft^S^W/ 8750 yards Choice New Embroideries secured wide, extra heavj quality, all unen y^Q Each / ' I ,
Enameled Fteel buckets, with retlnned - (Aisle No. i.) XuW^W^K from a wholesale manufacturer (who has re- &.Kjs»S2'* LrfS2?fe. lard lOc^ach. < ( .» ,
IF" *«■ *s- — rrr"»r. ta ;:. th ;;:: J^^ iiiE^^^^-^ P^ISI curtain department. £&& .."» 'fl'r
Enameled steel colanders-10-lnch. ISc; They were.... $1^25. So. TSC. 35c. //jj\i/ A 1200 yards gto 1% inches SSli c yard i?&^&l& **«»"»"« (aC No " rear., £c *££! !rT n. Jr JI 1
12-ln ii^o. steel milkpans- _ SS^£ "" • >I>t - "*""• ".V; O<U // '(/ M 1500 yards IV4 to 2 inches wide «c " m&mm*mi?imm%± Nottingham (Aisle No. 3, rear.) «*.** lace effect, trim- «;£«' / \
' • ' , mlllmn , French lilacs, were 85c; now :r.c *=> // \« \J 1 2 000 yards 1 to 2 Inches wide, white " ?V* "^ V^tf T „ QK ™ed armlets over * o "Vvs \ I
Enameled steel mllkpans--- California wild roses «o bunch- Russian %ZX r**J £»\ and colored 5 c yard ■ *&"! "•F»** I W Nottingham and Fishnet Lace Cur- fiTf- 95 shoulders and front,
1-Qt. 2-Qt. 3-Qt. 8-Qt. 12-Qt. "•' ,"" ' .' ..:... .V VX^-J^Sp* 2500 vanls 2H to s'" inches wide 7^c yard 'SC*V-*&4f&4 tainsi 4 yards long by E4 and 60 5> I mlxe.l with pink, blue and lavender ■lto;
E C namele4 C ;tee? slight sauce pofwlth Corn flow^rin'li^- an, dark shades ! ™» L° ? " 1«""","»« E* inches wide; in white_and ecru.... d s Pair regularly sold^ at ap-
r^nn^'civer- 1 Elralghl "^ POt> " llh • " ; • ' f*"?™* HM^]^ ™ts?'.™*?}. * ~J> c yard E^S-a^'^ White Tnmbour Swis7c^rtaln S: 3H yards ]ong' fcpec.al 15c.
6-Qt. 10-Qt. 16-Qt. 24-Qt. Choice violet pansies; only a few of^hern^^ A °^-- yards ng Y, B h Torchon Lace ' jB by 47 inches wide; in neat open-work designs. ~
aBc. 3f>e. 540. 74c. • thWo'id^r^ 2to 3 inches wide, regular 10c, n0w.. 5 c yard '°* ~'s : They were $3 50 $3 00 $2 75 per pair -f n - lUri littla AfiDC •
Enameled steel preserving kettle— ' V Are now $2 05 %2 25 $2 OO per pair IUI lIIC lllllv UIIWo •
g- -g*. 6 2§c-. big values in little notions. Jj pure linen handkerchiefs. „„ «, wrappers, etc. . _ I^n^ 6 .::;:::::: 9si2^9 $ i 2^ 9 $ ii?oprr^r M /oz ch.,a^ sb r
Enamel steel funnels- - Dig 7311165 lfl 111116 nOllOnS. (Aisle No. 2.) ' (In Our Ooak Department. Aisle No. S, Rear.) flnfsned' ca^bHc
SS Vfc_ isi- (Aisle 1, Rear.) ildiS' Tndte © . -„„,, c ,,, 0O „.„„. what a dime will bny. embroidery ruffled edge; sold on 25c
' S ' chiefs colored l and A^i ~* s-^\ Ladies' Calico Wrap- Wllal a 1111116 Will Dfly. Monday about half value 4OC
snmethintr here vob'll snrelv Ladles' satin gored belt supporters., with whlte ' hemstitched "";'W #f*^ «i' it"rin bl^ k a "2 Perfumery Department (Aisle 4, front). Tiavc' Mmiea wakfc
c-ArttafliJti/r tiara irntl'll Cfirniv button clasp; colors blue, orange, pink, borders extremely ,"• XT-? ritr'firi'* white stripe, blue and . l. A . Tn J Ul^\«/-./% mn?nin
SOmetnmg Here yOU 11 Sflrdy cardinal and black 12*e tempting just now. y -^%^J %J%A^ ■ white, red an d white. Vaseline Camphor Ice. Eyebrow Pencil. DOTS DIOUSe WalSlS.
. EOOO yards corduroy skirt binding..... 3V4e j c Each l^.^TTv^ .^t&N-fWJ^N ?£.% Jt, ma , , a " Poudre de Riz Face Talcum Toilet Powder. J
Want Safety pins, nickel plated and with a i^c_tacn. hV&KW ( \^'"'■f <^-"^\ \ i»I i i , Bk "' Powder. Large Sponge. Made of fine white lawn; large sal-
" ttllU shield as good as any you ever used; 73 dozen Cambric Hand- //* '% I rkl /MN^WViVA well finished. Shaving Brush. 3 Cakes Dairy Queen lor collar; embroidery ruffled edge Q pr^
All we've «>f of Fairbanks Fairy No. 2, 2^c doz. ; No. 2%. Ac doz. : Xo. kerchiefs (ladles), col- VxL £-^J*^ \ Jk\/-M y , i/V SOc. Creamed Tooth Brush. Soap. and wide embroidery ruffled front. AOC
Uuirir! Cd npr cake 1c 3 4c Dozen ore d, embroidered, X/^^r^<i \'2f'''Wp'^r r*, ■ ~Z — Antl-Perspire-Dene. Hair or Clothes Brush. . — —
CasUle 3oao a genuine 'H-lb' bar 2Oc Stewart's pure linen thread, white and scalloped and hem- &S/>^ ■> t^*^ -WV-\\ HI ♦?. 7al7 a 1 ♦ CC ° V rt Colgate's Glycerine. ««*H«Hrt«linPA
SSSii 1 SSipliiillpd ssait .o'ss 1 " 1 " V f^ /fpA'W \f: X Bs^'-"^ In the bazaar, basement aisle No. 4. Slimmer [1056.
Galvanised washtub, 20x12 inches.... '"° Black Lisle elastic, %-inch 5c Yard | worth 150 to 2., c. - A?^=r^ /teIU«SL- slms 3' to 40 10 at retinned Sauce- 10-ln Acme Fn- Pan JSS"Ja«WJ^SWSK •
Glass Decanter lOc Darning cotton .pure dye) 2c Ball 1 l^.ScEach. TOS^P^" l**'M IL< *ac 10-qt retinned Sauce u^in Acme Frj Pan with the warm weather hosiery ■
Four-foot step ladder SBc; Japan Cabinet hair pins So Box < I «*'» T nf'" ( . ft " qs^heets Shelf Paper X BnA™ must naturally be washed mora
wire bird cage 40c n,"'k Vnournlng pins 2«c Box 10 ° dozen full size Children's Hay- .-,-.,, :.'~rr.:' Enameled Tel >• MoM 4 ?oUs' Toilet Paoer frequently; the children will get
Scrub brush. sc; window screens.. 15c £ ack mourning * buttonß 2^c .Dozen - 1 llorer , Handkerchiefs, beautlinlfy Ladles' Separate Skirts In black only. lasTiStter or Sugar M Pot "ron Han- vacation soon; hard wear will bo
Fly paper. 2 sheets for .»c; curling Black metal rants buttons -V4c Dozen | tinted designs in center; school teach . KT^, lined all through, bound with velvet Bowl " die D " on hoisery: here's two items for
irons ■■•■••• ■ ••••• j><* Horn bone, 8 ana a men „ 7c e rs and society managers of chil- *J\* material is not spared it is 7-gored C* O OO Decorated China Cup Glass Water Bottle attention of mothers.
Ten-quart fibre wood water pa 11.... 25c All-silk binding ribbon Oc Piece I dren's institutions should see these.. Each well finished." ..:..„:.'........ '§2— and Saucer <-up Hearth Brush
Four-quart ■ ice cream freezer §-•*•» . . : ■ ' ana saucer. neann rsrusn. Boys , Black Cotton Hose; heavy
Defender washing machine .....*?2 ; 75 - : quality Corduroy; ribbed, spliced IPZr*
Ten e -Vn e ch°enam™ed 0C h t and ™ BaVchel 25c If yOU IlVe OUt ° the Clt y send yoUP name SOP our new catalogue, 120 pages, nearly 9,000 illustrations— 'tis free ! heels and toes, seamless; Blzes 6 lOL/
Dairy Queen toilet soap, 3 cakes for 10c *!s»m^ w * v * " * ' V
Three-oz. vial Colgate's violet toilet jfiß| mSw BHKI Misses' Lisle-thread Hose; extra
170 leaf Sx3 tabiet. extra value 8c S^l— _ Jlllj ||| hl^h spliced' heels! double 8 | Q^,
We haven't said 937-939-941-943-945-947 B|3E| PP i^^^fe,' " San Francisco ' s most P § ressiv s *™^''"1«™^"""" 1 «™^"""- Pair
general Satisfaction. « "The things we adveptise ape the goods we sell." with any articles you may
general SatlSiaCtlOn. "The things we advertise are the goods we sell." buy from us.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1898.
Grace Episcopal, California and
streets.
Rev. R. C. Foute
Morning— Communion service and sermon
by the pastor. Evening— Special ser-
Vll'fS.
Church of the Advent,
near Market.
Eleventh street.
Rev. J. A. Emery
service at 11 o'clock. Even-
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and
street.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
Morning— "Christianity Advancing With
American Triumphs on the Seas." Even-
ing— Sfrnion by the Rev. Mr. Shaw.
St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation.
Rev. D. O. Kelley
Morning— Special services for the soldiers.
Evening — Sermon and religious instruc-
tion.
St. John's, Fifteenth
avenue.
street and
Rev. E. B. Spauldlng
devotions and sermon,
and song service.
St. Mary the Virgin. Union and
streets.
Rev. H. Parrish
Morning— Communion service, followed by
sermon and Instruction. Evening — Sermon
by the pastor.
Ht Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
Btreets.
Rev. M. D. AVilson
Morning— Communion service.
Sermon.
Evening —
St. Paul's Episcopal. California street.
Stein, -r.
Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly
Morning — Sermon by the iin:-t..r.
Special religions cxcn 1 :?"?.
Evening
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
minion at 7:30 o'clock. Even-
by the pastor.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Rev. F. W. Fischer
[orninn— "Everyday Religion." Evening—
"Apostolic Service and Temptation."
First English Lutheran, Geary street,
Oough.
Rev. E. Nelander j
'Morning — "Grf-on Pastures." Evening—
j Sermon by the Rev. (). H. Gruver of
I Stockton.
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Jabkson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
Mnrinnjr- "The True Secret of Stability."
Evening— "Vision of the Three Chariots."
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mi-
slon street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Rev. C. E. Locke
[orning—
ture."
fields."
-"Pnrtakers of the Divine Na-
Evening— "Some Great Battle-
First M. E. Church, Powell and
lngton streets.
Rev. W. S. Urmy
;— Sermon and Bible instruction, fol-
■inl exercises. Evening— Ser-
>y the pastor.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce
Morning- Sermon. Evening— Bible instruc-
tion and ■ermon.
Grace Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets.
Rev. J. N. Beard
ermon by Rev. S. Donaldson.
"Strength."
Howard Street M. E.
street, near Third.
Church,
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
lornlng— "The Sure Foundation." Evening
— "The Groat Enemy of the Country."
Pntrero M.
streets.
E., Tennessee
and
Rev. D. W. Chtlson
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
— Sermon ;in<] the recital of prayer, fol-
lowed by sung service.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. G. W. Beatty
[orning— Owing to the unhealthy surround-
ings caused by Camp Merritt Sunday
school will be held at 417H Fifth avenue.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church,
and Buchanan streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
Morning— "The Gift of -nal Youthful-
ness. Evening— "God'fl Invinclbles; or
I Right Is Might."
Franklin Strert Presbyterian, Franklin
Vallejo streets.
Rev. D. James
—"A
-"The Rejected Christ."
roans Man's Strength."
Evening
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphlll
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening
—"The Bold Challenges of Triumphant
Faith."
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness
nue and Sacramento street.
Rev. R.
lorning— Sermon by H. 11. Wlntler. After-
nonn-Sumlay school at 12:4o o'clock.
Evening— 6:3o o'clock, Y. P. S. C E
Memorial Presbyterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth
Rev. H. N. Bevler
Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
in on by Dr. B»vh>r.
~\ ''.•-■' ' '- ■- . - ;
Mlspah Presbyterian, Harrison street, r
Fifth.
Rev. F. A. Doane
Horning— Sabbath school nt 9:SO o'clock.
Evening— Religious exercises of Christian
Endeavorers, followed by sermon by the
pastor.
■;v; v v. f ■ .
Howard Presbyterian,
streets.
Oak and
Rev. F. R. Farrand
Morning— Military sermon by the pastor.
Evening— lnstruction and prayer.
tewart Memorinl U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-ninth.
Rev. W. E. Dugan
[orning— Special pcrmon by pastor. Even-
ing— "Dewey the Nineteenth Century
David."
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-second
Capp streets.
Rev. A. N. Carson
Morning— A military sermon.
[ Sermon by pastor.
Evening-
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and
eter streets.
Rev. S. S. Cryor
Morning— "Christ and the Poor." Even-
ing— "Monuments; of Modern Discoveries
I of the Spade in the Orient."
First United Presbyterian,
avenue and Polk street.
Golden
Rev. M. M. Glbs6n
— Religious instruction and sermon
clock. Evening— Sermon and p^iyer
at 11
__ ■ •-•-■- ...... ■:.. :.-. •.
First Unitarian,
streets.
Geary
and
Rev. Dr. Stebblns
— Sunday": school : at 10 o'clock;
g service; at 11 o'clock. ;./ .*■. '
pecond Unitarian, Twentieth and
streets.
Rev. J. A. Wells
iorning— Sermon and iirayer. Evening—
Song service.
The First Divine Science Church,
street, between Geary and Post.
Rev. M. E. Cramer
sermon and religious ex-
ercises.
T. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets.
Rev. H. C. Mlnton
p. m.— "Some Up-to-Date Musings of
American Patriotism."
Universal Brotherhood. Academy oi Scl
encee building, 819 Market street.
i-J J.Oettl ..
ernoon— <
-Classes. Evening— "Lohengrin.
■;-?-■
..
■ ■ ri-'y.i
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
The Japanese social that was given
last Wednesday night by Lincoln Lodge
in Washington Hall was a very success
ful as well as pleasant affair. There was
a very large attendance, and it was well
entertained with the excellent pro
gramme that was presented. That in
cluded singing and recitations by Leila
Davidson. Annie Burg, Mrs. Bracket,
Miss Adelaide Tubbs, Mrs. Beardsley,
Dr. Crawford, Miss Ewell, Mrs. Kega'n
and Mrs. Dunphy. After the programme
there was a dance and icecream and
cakes. The following named ladies of
the committee of arrangements and oth
ers of the lodge were attired in pictur
esque costumes of Japan: Mrs. H. L.
Howard, Mrs. Tryon, Mrs. Sharp, Mrs.
Duncan, Miss Stevens and Miss Hoffman.
The decorations were also Japanese.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦ 444444^-444444440
4 4
4 "THE CREDIT HOUSE." .
Six Stories High. "*"
♦ i a'.fft- — '.f "■ tl \ 4
4 f g . f ■ 1 , , u% 4
t •7/ISBihl! :>
: !||lt| 95 :
4 "♦•
♦ An artistic addition to X
X the parlor — something +
4 dainty, yet useful; win- ♦
4 dow chair; polished oak +
"*" or mahogany; curved 4
X seat..... $1.95 ♦
'■ ■ T
4 - 4
4- Substantial, well tufted Damask 4.
4. Couch that will insure rest when you +
4. come home tired.. $3.50
4. I Isn't the youngster old enough to 4.
4. sleep alone now? Children's Comfort +
. Crib, maple wood, wire mattress, .
T" spindles on all sides to allow plenty of
X air and light $4.00 +
Z~ Metal Beds are the result of much
X thought and observation, and doctors "T
"*" now agree that they are the most "*"
4 healthful White enamel, brass trim- "*"
♦ mings..... .•... = .. $2.75 "♦"
4 . ■ +
X Carpet Department. X
'■V *-■;■;• Come in and see our Carpet stock +
4- with as much freedom as you glance 4
4 in one of our windows. No need of 4
4 buying. 4
4 ■ Above all, cleanliness is desired most 4
4 in the kitchen. Bring your measure- 4
4. ments for required Oilcloth. 15c a yard +
4 : - : "■ "■ ■-..'■— : ';. : :■ ' 4
4. Free delivery in " Oakland, Alameda 4
and -Berkeley. 
♦ M. FRIEDMAN & CO. X
♦ / 233=235=237 Fost Street.
■Open Evenings. Neap Stockton. "*"
♦ 4t44.4444.44, 44. 4 4.4-J