VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 149.
POLICE TAKING
EXTRAORDINARY
PRECAUTIONS
Paris Authorities Will Strive to
Prevent Disturbaoces in
the Streets To-Day.
Exciting Scenes Expected When the Court of
Cassation Hears tr;e Dreyfus
Revision Appeal.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— 1t is rumored that
President Faure of France has been
assassinated, but the news is not con
firmed.
PARIS, Oct. 26.— President Faure is
i iking the crisis quietly, and the belief
is stronger than it was yesterday that
M. Brisson fell because he wished to
It Is now rumored that General
due resigned the War Office port
folio out of pique at the refusal of the
staff committee to give him
>•• mmand of an army corps.
Extraordinary police precautions
have been ordered against possible
disturbances at the Court of Cassation
to-morrow, where the Dreyfus revision
appeal will be b *
Although there is evidence of sud
sed excitement on all sides here.
there has been no disturbance. The po
nnd municipal guards are out in
g force and they will not permit
the crowds to assume dangerous
gth. But the situation was earn
eager groups in
the streets. President Faure this morn-
Ing received In audience Senator Lou
of the Senate, and ML
Deschanel, President of the Chamber
of Deputies.
It is the intention of M. Fauro to
form a new Cabinet as rapidly as dos
and the names of MM. Rlbot and
Freycfnet ar^ the most prominently
• oned. During the afternoon M.
j-'aure consulted with M. Leveues,
-T 'resident of the Chamber of D«p
who advised that the formation
.• Cabinet include among its mem
and M- Dupuy as the
■pal Ministers.
In the lobbies of the Chamber of Dep
uties to-day all shades of opinion ex
pressed the conviction that M. d#l
( asse should remain at the head of the
Foreign Office, so as to insure the con
tinuity of the Fashoda negotiations.
The rn.-rning papers here treat the
fall of the French Cabinet and the
scene in the Chamber of Deputies al
most xclusion of general news.
All of thr'm, however, dwell briefly nn
the Spanish crisis or the split in the
Liberal party of Spain, without, how
ever, direct reference to the Paris
• Commission, except In the case
■ newspaper, "La Volante," which,
in a Madrid article dealing with the in
' situation in Spain, sums up as
follows: "Whatever may be said one
or the other regarding the situa
one thing is apparent — that the
moment is badly chosen for a minis
terial crisis. When dreadful calami
ties threaten Spain from the outside
at the moment when her destinies
being decided by the Paris con
• cc, and at the moment when her
was crushed at Porto Rico, the
Liberal party is in a state of chaos
and disagreement in the face of
American pretensions which are daily
■ning more arrogant, Spain finds
elf with a Ministry without au
. I y. Never has she needed more im
peratively a strong Government, one
more watchful and awake to outside
questions. Instead of this, miserable
internal quarrels are distracting the at
tention of those who ought to have
;her occupation than the salvation
;:oir country."
The Matin, closing a brief resume
of the Spanish situation, says: "The
council deliberated on the customs
tariff of Porto Rico prematurely con-
Bidered as no longer forming part of
Spain."
The Petit Journal to-day publishes an
interview with the former Minister of
War, General Chanolne, who explained
that he resigned on account of dif
ference of opinion with the Minister of
Marine, M. Brisson. He added that he
had not demanded the prosecution of
papers which had been attacking the
army because he considered that the
penalties provided by the laws were In
sufficient.
The moderate papers say that yester
day realized their hopes, and the radi
cal and revisionist organs express be
lief in the existence of a military plot.
They urge a union of all republicans as
the "nly means of giving stability to
the future Ministry.
MR. LOCKROY TO BE
MINISTER OF MARINE
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: It is
believed in Washington, on official in
formation from Paris, that M. Lockroy
will be appointed Minister of Marine
in the new French Cabinet. This Is
regarded as of great Importance, In
view of the possibility of war breaking
out between France and England. M.
Lockroy's energetic efforts to reorgan
ize the navy, his Intimate knowledge of
the French fleet and the popularity
which he personally enjoys make It
probable he will be selected.
. Lepers Come Prom Canada.
■WASHINGTON. Oct. 26.— Treasury offi
cials are exercised over an official warn
ing from the Authorities in Canada that
The San Francisco Call
several cases of pronounced leprosy have
essfully^eluded the American inspect
ors and crossed the line into the United
States.
RAIN MARS THE OPENING
OF THE PEACE JUBILEE
Elaborate Parade Arranged by Phila
delphians Postponed Until
Friday.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 26.— President
McKinley arrived here at noon to-day,
but instead of finding the city in the
midst of the enjoyment of its peace cel
ebration he found a dreary, desolate con-
dition of affairs, and many thousand citi
sens and visitors who were grievous.ly
disappointed at the interruption of the
jubilee exercises by the rain.
The day's programme included the clvfc
parade, the greater portion of which it
was expected would he witnessed by the
President, General Miles and other dis
tinguished visitors. At 5 o'clock this
morning, however, rain began to fall
and unttl 10 o'clock there was a heavy
downpour. During the remainder of the
day rain fell at frequent intervals.
Early in the day the citizens' committee '
concluded to abandon the day's
gramme and to postpone the parade until
Friday. The reading of the Declaration
ioi" Independence in Declaration Hall was
also postponed until Friday.
The Presidential party was met at the
i station by a reception committee and es-
I to the Bt-ll.vue Hotel, which will
be the home of the visitors during their
stay. Mrs. McKinley and the other ladies
were taken in charge by a committee con
sisting of Mrs-. Cornelius Stevenson, Mrs.
Governor. Hasting--. Mrs-. Mayor Warwick
and Miss Anne Thomson, the last the
liter of President Thomson of the
| Pennsylvania Railroad.
Vice President and Mrs. Hobart arrived
| from Washington an hour earlier than
! the President and were escorted to the
Hotel Stratford, where quarters had been
reserved for them.
President McKinley was this evening
tendered a dinner and reception at the
Union League Club. The dinner was en
tlrely informal and w^.s given by the
j board of directors of the league. There
sixty at the tables. President Stu
art of the league welcomed President Mc-
Kink-y and the latter responded very
: briefly, simply with a few words of
thanks.
LOSS OF SHIPPING
ON LAKE MICHIGAN
A Furious Gale Causes a Number of
Wrecks Along the West
Shore.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2«.— The gale which be
gan last night continued most of. to-day,
causing immense damage to shipping. At
! 10 o'clock to-night the wind is changing to
, the south, and huge seas which have been
rolling- on Lake Michigan for the past
'■ twenty-four hours are fast running down.
] The storm brought a long list of disasters
to the local schooner fleet, but there was
!no loss of life. A canvass of the craft at
; this end of the lake to-night .shows the
following are missing:
Aberdeen, grain, from Chicago; Delta,
! lumber, from Sheboygan; Biwahik. grain,
i from Chicago. Stafford and McWilliams,
, the Delta and Filer broke away from the
i schooner L. Pablo off Port Washington
lant night. The Pablo has arrived here.
i The Filer has been abandoned, water
j logged, by her crew oft Racine, and the
; Delta is believed to be drifting fifteen
: miles off Kenosha. The Pablo went adrift
from Kalkaska and waterlogged off
i Grosse Point. The members of the crew
were brought ashore by the tug Perfec
: tion. Efforts are being made to-night to
• save the vessel. The Maxwell, Cape Horn
: and Minerva lost thfir canvas and deck
loads. Four schooners are at anchor In
shallow water south of the harbor, but
: they are safe.
The Susyuehanna passed a four-masted
I barge hove-to in mid lake off Kenosha.
' She is thought to be the Olive Jeannette.
: She was riding the storm in good" shape
and had no signal of distress flying, so
the Susqur-hanna did not go to her assist
ance. Marine men to-night are much
i alarmed about the Aberdeen.
MUSTERED OUT.
John Jacob Astor and Alg-er's Son
Discharged From the Army.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The following
officers have been honorably discharged,
their services being no longer required:
Lieutenant Colonel John Jacob Astor,
inspector general, appointed from New
York; Captain Frederick M. Alfcer, assist
ant adjutant general, appointed from
Michigan; Captain James H. McMillan
assistant quartermaster, appointed from
Michigan. Captain Alerer is a son of Sec
retary Alger. and Captain McMillan is a
son of Senator McMillan of Michigan.
Colonel Mendall Chairman.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2n.— The board of
, arbitrators In the suit of the city against
j the City Water Company organized to
i day by electing Colonel Georgo Mendall of
San Francisco, chairman. The board will
make a personal investigation of the
plant immediately and no regular sessions
will be held until November 10.
Yale Doffs Her War Paint.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26. — The American
liner Paris, known during the war as the
auxiliary cruiser Yale, resumed her place
as a merchant marine vessel when she
sailed to-day for Southampton. Since the
war the Paris has been thoroughly over
hauled and painted both inside and out.
Spanish Prisoners Released.
MANILA, P. 1.. Oct. 26.— The American
authorities have released . some of the
Spanish sailors captured during the war.
The authorities at Hollo have cabled
to Madrid expressing their loyalty to the
Spanish crown. :
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1898.
SCHEME TO UNLOAD
THE CUBAN DEBT
In Exchange Spain Would Lil^e
to Surreoder tf)e EQtire
Ladrone Group.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— The Herald's Washington correspondent
telegraphs: High officials believe the Cuban debt question was
finally disposed of at the siting of the Paris commission to-day.
It is understood at to-day's wssion that Day and his colleagues
would notify the Spanish Commissioners that no further discussion
regarding the Cuban debt would be permitted.
When the cession of Guam Island to the United States is taken
up it is thought the Spanish Commissioners will attempt to surrender
the entire Ladrone group to this Government in exchange for a por
tion of the Cuban debt, but the United States intends to take Guam
Island only and not accept any portion of the Cuban debt under any
conditions.
When these several matters are out of the way the commission
will consider the control, disposal and government of the Philip
pines.
LIEUTENANT SKELLY
BACK FROM ALASKA
To Be Captain of One of the Im
mune Regiments Destined for
Cuba.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— Major General
Miles has received a telegram from Lieu
tenant L. S. Skelly at Vancouver bar
racks. Wash., saying he had just returned
from a trip through the unexplored re
gion of Alaska as far as Tanana River,
and is ready for other service. This officer
is a noted scout, having served gallantly
with General Miles In most of his Indian
campaigns. During his absence he was
commissioned a captain In one of the Im
mune regiments, but owing to the fact
that he was beyond the reach of commu-
nication, the commission was not issued.
Now that he has returned, however, the
original plan will be put Into effect, and
he will be apolnted a captain of one of the
immune regiments destined for service In
Cuba.
SIXTY JAPANESE
LOSE THEIR LIVES
KOBE, JAPAN, Oct. 28.— The Japanese
steamer Mljagala sank to-day, almost im
mediately after having been in collision
•with the Japanese steamer Klnshlu Maru.
Sixty Japanese were drowned.
SUSP/C/OUS!
TROOPS ASSIGNED
TO LEE'S COMMAND
Orders Issued for the Reorganization
of the Seventh Army
Corps.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— An order has
been Issued by the War Department for
the reorganization of the Seventh Army
Corps, Fitzhugh Lee commanding, as fol
lows:
Cavalry Brigade, Seventh United States
Cavalry. Eighth United States Cavalry.
First Division, First Brigade— First Tex
as Infantry, Second Louisiana Infantry,
Third Nebraska Infantry.
Second Brigade — Seventh Illinois In
fantry, Second South Carolina Infantry,
Fourth Illinois Infantry.
Second Division. First Brigade— One
Hundred and Sixty-first Indiana
Second Illinois Infantry, First North Car
olina Infantry.
Second Brigade— Fourth Virginia in
fantry. Forty-ninth lowa Infantry, Sixth
Missouri Infantry.
Hawaiian Stamps Are Good.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— Postmaster-
General Smith has issued an order di
recting that Hawaiian postage stumps
shall be recognized at their face value
for the prepayment of postage on all
articlP3 mailed in Hawaii for delivery In
the United States or elsowhero.
CABINET MEETING
AT PEACE JUBILEE
Important Matters Secretly Con
sidered by the President
and t-Jis Advisers.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 26.— Immediately after the reception to the
President at Union League a meeting of the Chief Executive and
those Cabinet officers who are in attendance with him at the Peace
Jubilee was held at the Hotel Bellevue. Those present besides the
President were Postmaster General Smith, Secretary of War Alger,
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson and Solicitor General Richards in
place of Attorney General Griggs.
The utmost secrecy attended the proceedings, and It is impossible
to learn for what purpose the meeting was called or what subjects
were discussed. From an unofficial, though ordinarily reliable,
source it was gleaned that J. C. Kellogg, private secretary to Secre
tary Hay, reached here to-niKht bearing important dispatches from
the State Department. Neither Secretary Porter nor any of the Cabi
net officers could be seen after the meeting and no other information
from other sources could be obtained.
The meeting lasted nearly an hour and was held in the Presi
dent's rooms in the hotel. Local detectives prevented any one from
approaching the vicinity. Mr. Kellogg, when quaationed about the
matter, admitted being the bearer of a message, but said it was
purely a personal one from Secretary Hay. That it was more than
some ordinary deliberation was apparent from the fact that Mr. Kel
logg reached the Union League shortly before 11 o'clock and was
immediately taken to the President. He then left and went to the
hotel, the reception coming to an end very shortly. After the Presi
dent and Cabinet had concluded their deliberations Mr. Kellogg left
immediately for Washington in a special car. It was reported after
midnight that the President may leave for AVashington in the morn
ing and not remain to review the military jubilee parade.
CUBANS OBJECT TO
AMERICAN METHODS
SDecial coble to The Call and the New York
P H«-al<^ Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO, Cuba, Oct. 26.— General
\vnnfi is going to-morrow to Manzanillo
tn pVtablish a civil government there on
the Santiago plan. The Cubans when the
tnwn was evacuated, understood they
w^re to participate in the management
o\ affairs Colonel Pettit of the Fourth
Immunes after the evacuation proceed
ed to make arrangements for a truly
American election, to the consternation
of the Cubans, who were awaiting action
by the Santa Cruz Assembly In reference
to elections. The situation there Is now
somewhat strained. It Is General "Wood's
intention to instruct Colonel Pettlt as to
the American policy relative to civil mat
ters in Cuba.
TRANSPORTS COMING
HOME FROM MANILA
i
City of Para Sailed To-Day and the
Scandia and Condor Will Soon
Follow.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The following
cable dispatch has been received at the
War Department:
"MANILA, Oct. 25.— Adjutant General
Washington: Transport City of Para
leaves to-day for San Francisco with a '
large mall. Aiajor Whipple, pay depart- '
ment, and Lieutenant Williams, ordnance ;
are on board. The transports Scandia and i
Condor are still in port. The Scandia will
probably leave within ten days for San
Francisco. Can be utilized for freight
purposes. All Is quiet here and the con
ditions are believed to be improving.
- "OTIS." I
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ADVISES THE
SENDING OF
WAR VESSELS
Commission Gets No
Reply,
SHIPS WANTED AT HAVANA
SHOW OF FORCE URGED TO
QUIET THE INSURGENTS,
Cubans Take to the Hills and Threat
en to Harass American Troops
as Long as Life
Lasts.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Oct 26 (via Key West).—
The American Evacuation Commission
continues to advise the sending of war
ships here, but can get no reply from
Washington. The reason may be that
Admiral Sampson refused to join Gen
erals Wade and Butler in the recent re
quests. A joint session of the two com
missions will " held soon. From an
American Commissioner I learn this
session will also certainly result in
making arrangements for evacuation.
In the meantime the work of preparing:
for the landing of American troops is
progressing as rapidly as possible.
As told in a recent dispatch. General
Butler warned Secretary Alger that
some show of strength must be made
soon or America would lose all prestige
with the Cubans. To this warning
there has been given emphasis by the
reported return to the hills of a band
of insurgents who have been encamped
near Sagua. These men sent word to
General Betancourt that their condition
was intolerable. In the hills they could
live as the- had for three years, and if
American troops took charge of the
island they would harass them as long
as life lasted.
According to Gomez, it would re
quire 10.000 men to eaotuxe fifty insur
gents fighting as guerrillas in moun
tains.
Insurgents in the neighborhood of
Havana are quiet, but far from satis
fied. Matanzas merchants complain of
the lawless conduct of insurgents who
still assfi-t the right to levy contribu
tions upon sugar eatates.
Smallpox is reported epidemic in
Roja's insurgent camp, six miles from
Cienfuegos.
Colonel Hecker, who has been abused
by the Diaro Marina, to-day visited the
editor and successfully demanded an
apology. The merchants of all parts of
the island are beginning to realize that
the withdrawal of Spanish troops
means a great loss of trade and paraly
sis for many industries. For more than
three years Cuba has had within her
borders never less than 150,000 soldiers,
whose food and clothing have been pur
ohased here. Advance orders for pro
visions and supplies have fallen off
$3,000,000 in the last month, according
to Havana brokers. Since October 1
orders have gone from Havana to Bos
ton for $1,500,000 worth of sugar grind
ing machinery. Several other orders
are now pending.
CAMP SITES FOR
TROOPS IN CUBA
Their Location to Be Decided Upon
When t.ue President Returns
to Washington.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The final se
lection of camp sites for the American
troops who will garrison Cuba awaits
the President's decision on his return
from Philadelphia. It was discussed at
some length at the Cabinet meeting yes
terday, and as the various reports of the
Hecker board were not finally disposed
of it is probable the Cabinet will feel
that it should take some expert advice
before making final selections. The troops
will not be landed at one place, but each
detachment will be landed at the nearest
and most accessible port to the place
which is to form its camping ground.
Among the places that have been recom
mended by the Hecker board are Guana
bacoa, which can be reached best from
Regla, opposite Havana, on the bay; Ma
riano, about six miles southwest of Ha
vana, with a seaport at Playa de Mari
ano, and Mariel on the bay of the same
name, about twenty-five miles from Ha
vana and beyond Mariano. All these
sites fulfill the needs of good camping
grounds, but in each case the Hecker
board has found that there must be con
siderable expenditure by the Government
if permanent landing places are to be
provided, so that the troops will not run
the risk of infection in passing through.
Havana.
MANY SICK SOLDIERS
BROUGHT FROM PONCE
Hospital Ship Relief Reaches Phila
delphia — One Man Dies on
the Way.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 26.— The hospital
ship Relief, which arrived here last night
from Ponce, Porto Rico, has on board 246
sick soldiers. One soldier died on tha
way here. He was Fred Reedhouse, Com
pany L, First Illinois. He died Monday
from heart failure, following typhoid
fever. Of the other sick, 150 are con
valescent, but ninety-six of them will
have to be taken to the hospitals on
stretchers. The work of removing the
men from the ship has not begun.
The National Relief Commission Is sup
plying the men with milk and delicacies,
while they remain on the ship. Among
those who came on the Relief was Lieu
tenant Colonel R. S. Huidekoper, who has
been at Porto Rico as chief surgeon of
the United States troops. Colonel Huide
koper will go to Washington in a few
days and says that after giving testi
mony before the war investigating com
mittee he expects to return to Porto Rico.
Drowned While Fishing.
DENVER. Oct. 26.— Dr. Edward W. Bo
j vett, a well known veterinarian of thin
i city,' and E. Glrard. cook at the clubhousa
I of the Standard Snooting Club at Bowles
Lake, ten miles south of hare, were
drowned while fishing in the lake to-day.
The cause of the accident is unknown, tha
first knowledge of it being the discovery
of their overturned boat by other nsher
1 men.2
MARTIN RODE
TWO WINNERS
The Californian in Good
Form at Aqueduct.
CLAWSON LINGERS EAST
MUD HORSES GATHERED IN THE
MAJORITY OF PURSES.
The Talent Had a Hard Day of It
at Latonia, All Five Favories
Finishing In tha
Ruck.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AQUEDUCT TRACK, N. V., Oct. 6.—
Rain and a very ordinary card kept the
attendance down to-day. Bardella and
Diminutive were th<? only winning favor
ites. "Skeots" Martin, the Western rider,
piloted two horses past the wire in front.
First race, one mile, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j V H- Str. Fin.
•Bardella, 105 Maher 2 2 2 12
Her Own, 108 O'Connor S I 1 2
Vanessa, lc's Turner; 0 0 0 3
Tlm.\ 1:45. Won easily.
Penetta 90. Come Quick 95, Chenille 98 and
Elmer Stella V) 3 also ran.
Bausalito odds— l to 2, i> to 2 and 10 to 1.
Track odds on v.inner — i to v.
•Favorite.
Second race, mile and forty yards, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. »4. hi- Str. Fin.
Marsian, 103 o'L^ary 1
•Kstaca, 106 H. Martin 2
Merlin, 96 O'Connor S
Black Dude, 106 McDermottl 0
Time. 1:48. Won driving. No description.
Sansallto odds— 2 to 1, 1 to 2 and 12 to 1.
Track odds on winner — 13 to &
•Favorite.
Third race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ing.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. *4. Str. Fin.
Strangest, 102 H. Martin 1
Camotop, 106 <Ainninß-ham| 2
•Leando, ]i' 2 Clawaouj 3
Time, 1:08 1-5. Won driving. No description, j
Grievance M 3. Tyran 103. Lieplda 99, Abide W,
Water Cirl 19, Benle Ta-lor 9S, Hold Vp »4.
Parker Hraoe 102 and The Oardener 112 also ran. I
Sausalito odds — 6 to 1. 40 to 1 and 5 to 2.
Tra.k odds on winner— S to 1.
•Favorite,
Fourth race, mile and a (sixteenth, handicap.
Nome and Weight. Jockeys, j J4. %. Str. Fin.
tinnal, 102 O'Connor 1
Myth. 93 Weber "2
rs. 110 Maher 3
■: ■ . .. .■ aawßon o
Time, 1 ~C\2. Won cleverly. No description.
Sausalito odds— S to 5, 10 to 1 and even.
Track odds on winner — 11 to S.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j >4. Vi- Str. Fin.
iiutive, 109 Clawson 2 2 2 1
Kirkwood. 102 Maher 0 S S 2
Tendresse, 109 Spencer 3 0 0 3
Time, 1:27 1-5. Won easily.
Paasaic 98, Gaze 109 and Holden 102 also ran.
Kuu.«allto odds— * to 5. 5 to 2 and 12 to 1.
Track odds on winner— ll to 10.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling.
Name and Weight. J ->ckeys. Vi- Vi- Str. Fin.
Trlllo. 104 Spencer 0 0 0 1
•Harry Heed, 109 Turner 0 0 0 2
Midlight, I\2 Clawson 1113
Time, 1:17. Won handily.
Hanwell US, Orthos 101, Athy 109, Bombar
don 106, Surrogate 106. Prince Auckland 99,
Blllali 106 and Teller 101 also ran.
Sausalitu odds — 1 to 1. even and 4 to L
Track'' odds on winner — 5 to 2.
•Favorite.
IW.TONIA. Oct. 26.— The racing was spoiled
to-day by a drizzling downpour of rain. The j
favorites met with defeat. The handicap was ;
declared off.
First race, six furlongs, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | \i. ft. Str. Fin.
Bandazzo, 105 Comba| 0 0 J 1
Flop, 102 Gleasonj 2 2 2 2
•Primate, 102 Aker| 1113
Time, 1:24. Won easily.
Crook 99, Myceilus 102, Creedmoor L 102, Ap
ple Jack 110 and Hammon 110 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2, 8 to 1 and 6 to 5.
•Favorite.
Second race, five furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. \. ft. Str. Fin.
Florissant, 107 Frost 3 3 3 1
•Theory-. 112 ....C. Thompson 2 2 2 2
Schanken, 107 Conley 0 0 0 3-
Time, I:O9V*. Won hardily.
I User 100, Becky Ban 100, Bannie 104, Sis Vie 1
107 and Miss Patron 107 also ran.
Bausalito odda— lo to 1, 3to & and S to L
•Favorite.
Third race, one mile, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeyß. | \i. ft. Str. Fin. ■
Eleanor Holmes, 94 Frost 13 0 1
•Rastus, 97 C. Thompson 0 1 3 1 j
High Noon, 103 Gllmore 0 0 2 J j
Time, ! :54. Won cleverly. '
Calus 106, Peggy 102. Katie Longfellow 99 1
Annie Oj.lfleld 98 and Aberesate 102 a!sj ran. 1
SaXisalito odds— 3 to 1, 2 to 1 and 3 to L 1
•Favorite. t
Fourth race, mile and a furlong, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys, ii. ft. Str. Fin.
Harry Shannon, 109...M00ney 0 0 J 1
Zufallig, 109 Conley Ilia
•Gomej, 107 Gilmore S 3 0 3
Time. 2:09. Won driving. t
Laura May SS, Rida 98, Haco 103, Aryan 102 I
Howitzer 103, Least man 104 and Broesart 104 I
also ran. j
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1, 8 to 1 and S to S.
•Favorite. t
Fifth race, on« mile, selling. (
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j M. ft. Str. Fin.
Kitty B, 103 Matthews 3 0 11
Damocles, 103 Powers 0 3 0 2
•Hampden, 101 Dupee 0 0 2 3
Time, l'Jßt. Won handily.
Osric II 109. Barton 109. Metier 104. Jamborea
1W and The Doctor 106 also ran.
Sausalito odds— S to 1, 3 to 1 and S to L
•Favorite.
SLOAN AGAIN IN FRONT
AT NEWMARKET RACES
Captures Two Rich Stakes — Left at
the Post, Once Second and
Once Unplaced.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— The Chevelye stakes
at Newmarket to-day wore won by the
Lorillard-Beresford stables' bay colt
Dominie 11, ridden by Tod Sloan. The
betting was 5 to 4 on Dominie 11.
Sir Waldie Griffith's 3-year-old brown :
filly St. La, ridden by Sloan, won the sec- I
ond Welter handicap of 300 sovereigns. !
The betting was 5 to 1 against St. La.
The Cambridge stakes were won by H. '
G. Whites C. M. Georgic. There were
twenty-six horses in this race and the
betting was 40 to 1 against Georgic 4 to 1
against Dinna Forget and 50 to 1 against !
Hawfinch. Owing to a bad start the i
Prince of Wales' None Such, ridden by '
Sloan; Jaillor's Pinfold, and E. J. Percy's
Mempley were left at the post. The bet- !
ting was 7 to 1 against None Such.
A selling plate for 2-year-oJds was won
by Leopold de Rothschild's filly. Miss
Bounce. Ethel, with Sloan up, finished ;
second in a field of twelve horses. The !
betting was 7 to 2 against Ethel.
The Nursery plate was won tar Mr. I
Bonner's Gaiety filly. Manatee, ridden by !
Sloan, was unplaced.
Bantam Fight Declared Off.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— The bantam cham
pionship match between Pedlar Palmer of
England and Billy Rotchfort of Chicago,
■which woe fixed for the National Sporting
Club next month, has been declared oft,
owing to Rotchfort's 111 health. It Is not
likely that he will ever again be fit for a
big fight.
TWO THOUSAND MILES
OVER TRACKLESS WILDS
Perilous Trip of a Harvard Man Who
Sought Fortune in. the
Klondike.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 26.— R. S.
Dunn, editor of the Harvard Monthly
In the year 1897, arrived here yester
day, after a 2000-mile trr — ■ over the
! terrible Edmonton route to the Klon
: dike. He started from Edmonton,
Northwest Territory, in May of the
j present year with a party of prospec
tors, and reached Fort Graham, this
i province, about half way to Dawson,
the last of September. The trip was a
terrible one, he says. The horses of the
! party died or were shot, and month
' after month the party struggled on,
: now through a dense trackless forest,
then over immense plains, until the
Rockies were reached.
Speaking of Major Moodie of the
Northwest mounted police, who started
out from Edmonton a year ago under
Instructions from the Canadian Gov
ernment to survey an all-land route
to the Klondike, Dunn says: "I believe
Ihe has met his fate in the north. He
j was over a year on the trail when we
heard of him at Fort Graham.
"His outfit was burned in the bush
I fires, all his horses died, and he was
i pushing on with his discouraged men,
250 miles north of the post in a practi
cally unknown country. An Indian
reached Fort Graham post before I left
with the report that he had seen a
white man dead on the trail. This was
probably the intrepid major. Before
leaving Fort Graham the major was
asked when he thought he would reach
the Klondike, and he replied. 'In about
ten years, if I ever do.' His fate will
be in doubt for months."
Dunn tells ;i remarkable story, but he
tells it with an air of truthfulness that
carries conviction with it. He gradu
ated at Harvard last year and his
father is a wealthy Boston merchant.
The Garden party of Fresno and the
White party of Michigan, representing
fifty people, have returned over the Ed
monton trail from the Peace River
country, after traveling through 1300
! miles of rough country and undergoing ■
i many hardships. They returned empty
! handed. They prospected twenty-eight
i creeks and rivers over 400 miles of terri
tory. They found evidence of gold
everywhere, but not one pan would pay.
The much boomed Peace River country
turned out very disappointing. Hun- j
dreds of Americans are coming back
i over the trail under terrific winter con
i ditions.
CARPENTER WILL CASE
IS STILL UNSETTLED
For the Fourth Time It Comes Up in
the Superior Court at Stock
ton.
STOCKTON. Oct. 26.— For the fourth
time the Carpenter will contest case came
up for trial in the Superior Court this
afternoon. The first trial was in Novem
ber of ISSS.
Charles W. Carpenter died on January ■■
22, 1884, leaving- a will, by the terms of
which his property was left to C K.
Bailey the remaining member of the firm
of Bailey & Carpenter. Bailey was ap
pointed executor by the court. At that
time the property consisted of a one-half
interest in the partnership property, of
the value of $150,000.
The heirs of Carpenter, three brothers'
and a sister, brought a suit to set aside
the will on the ground of unsoundness !
of mind on the part of the testator, and 1
of fraud, menace ,and undue influence on I
the part of C. K. Bailey in procuring the ;
will made.
The first trial was in November, 1885.
The jury rendered a verdict against the
validity of the will and a new trial was
granted by the Supreme Court. The sec
ond trial took place in May, IS9I. This
trial resulted in the Jury finding for the
contestants, and the will was set aside.
Again a new trial was granted by the
Supreme Court, this time mainly upon
errors in the instructions of the court.
The third trial was had in. the fall of
1897. This time the jury disagreed, si
ing eight to four in favor of the contest
ants.
WOMEN'S PATRIOTISM
FINDS VENT IN SONG
Happy Incidents at a Session of
Their National Council in
Omaha.
OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. 26.— Patriotism wafs
the principal theme of the National
Women's Council this evening, and the
appearance of the American flag in the
pulpit was greeted with spontaneous
singing by the audience of a stanza of
the national anthem, led by Mrs. J. Ellen
Foster, president of the Women's Repub
lican Association.
Fraternal greetings were voiced by Miss
Mary Carty of Toronto as the representa
tive of the Countess of Aberdeen. The
Countess is the president of the Na
tional Council of Canada and also of the
International Council.
Susan B. Anthony made a plea for
woman suffrage. Mrs. J. Ellen Foster
explained why her organization aided the
Republicans without exacting a pledge
from the party in favor of equal suf
frage. She believed that ultimately the
ballot would come to woman, but mean
while it was her duty to do all she could
for the support of Republican principles
for lhe prosperity of the country gen
erally.
SAN RAFAEL FRACAS.
T. H. Rush, Editor of the Sun, Badly
Whipped.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 26.— Late to-night
the notorious T. H. Rush, editor of the
San Rafael Sun, called a hack driver
named James Gordon a foul name while
intoxicated and was so terribly thrashed
that it was necessary to summon a phy
sician to restore him to consciousness.
His nose was broken, both eyes closed
and all his front teeth knocked out.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
writes about
The Coming Wheat Crop,
in next Sunday's Call.
For the Naval Training Station.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 26.-Captain Dick
ens has just returned to the Navy Depart
ment from San Francisco, whither he
went to locate the buildings for the new
naval station on Yerba Buena Island The
officer provided in his plan for the accom
modation of 300 apprentices, and le.>.
ovorvthing in trim for the beginning of
the work of construction, for which Con
gress has aproprlated J50.000.
Supreme Council of Masons.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— The Supreme
Council. Thirty-third Degree. A. A. and
Scottish Rite for the United States of
America, their Territories and dependen
cies, held their ninety-seventh annual
convention in this city in the Masonic
Temple to-day. Delegates were present
from New York, New Jersey, Connecti
cut, lowa, District of Columbia and Sal
vador.
Iron Property Leased.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 26.— Following
the recent recommendation of its board
of directors, the stockholders 01 the Cam
bria Iron Company voted to lease their
property to the Cambria Steel Company
The new company has a capitalization of
$18,000,000.
Football Player Dies From Injuries.
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. Oct. 26.—Mat
thew P. Anderson, student at Wyoming
Seminary, Kingston, died last night from
Injuries received while playing football on
the seminary team against Dickinson
College at Carlisle last Saturday.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tak* L&xatlv* Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
dniirrs»t» refund tn« money If It fall* to cure
tic. The genuine hu L. B. Q. on each tablet
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1898.
ARMED CUBANS
KOI REQUIRED
Rios* Offer of Assistance
Refused.
DISARMAMENT IS DEMANDED
NO RATIONS FOR NATIVES WHO
RETAIN WEAPONS.
Men Who Have Been Liberated by
the United States Beginning to
Show Their Ingrati
tude.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Oct. 26.—
Major Pettit, in command of the
United States troops at Manzanilio and
Military Governor of the city, tele
graphed to-day that the Cuban gen
eral, Rios, offers armed men to assist
the Americans ama in preserving order,
merely asking rations in return. Gen
eral Wood sent the following reply:
"Certainly not. The only conditions
on which rations are to be issued are
the complete disarmament ond dls
bandment of the troops."
Some of the Cubans here consider
that the United States is treating its
allies badly in not allowing the Cuban
forces to remain armed. They contend
that the Cuban soldiers, who have been
figjiting three years, who speak the
language of the country are better
fitted for garrison duty than "un
trained volunteers."
The Cuban general, Rodriguez, vir
j tually voices the sentiment of the Cu
ban army when he says: "We thank
the United States for the assistance it
has given us, but the time has now ar
rived when the Cubans should be
placed in the highest offices and should
! be prepared to take over the island on
the departure of the Spanish."
Cuban extremists here are jubilant
at the reported attitude of the Cuban
Assembly at Santa Cruz del Sur, where
the delegates, while expressing their
gratitude to the Americans, practically
demand a distinctive Cuban govern
ment. The Cuban moderates, on the
other hand, regret this stand, thinking
it best for the United States authori
ties to continue in charge of affairs for
a year at least so as to set things going
and to prevent any complications with
foreign Governments.
The foreign Consuls are considering
the advisability of appealing to the
powers to prevent a too hasty recogni
tion of the Cuban government.
• General Wood is considering the ad
visability of granting a hotel license to
any responsible applicant who would
undertake to establish a first-class
house in Santiago.
General Wood is fully resolved to
alloy/ no more paupers to land here,
and especially no more from the West
Indies, a class entirely unwilling to do
hard work. One schooner from Ja
maica and one from HaytV loaded with
negro emigrants, have been ordered to
return their passengers to ports of em
barkation.
Lieutenant Victor Blue, in command
of the prize gunboat Alvarado, arrived
here this morning from Guantanamo
and left this morning to inspect im;
wreck of the six Spanish gunboats
driven ashore on July 3 by the United
States warships, with a view to raising
some or all of them, if possible. He
consulted with Major Pettit to ascer
tain whether the latter required naval
The United States transport Rou
mania arrived here to-day from Man
zanilio en route to Guantanamo with
Colonel Ray's immunes. Colonel Ray
I brought $3700, representing customs rp
i ceipts at Manzanilio.
The Santiago customs receipts for
I September were $39,233. It is expected
{ that the receipts for this month will
exceed $100,000.
SAN RAFAEL JUSTICE
MAKES TW.O HEARTS ONE
Some Trouble About the License, but
Avarila Hess Finally Becomes
Mrs. Green.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 26.— The final chap
ter of the story recounting the indiscre
tion of youthful Avarila Hess, who eloped
and went to Victoria, with a man named
Wolfe, was written to-day, when the girl
was married in this city to Edward D.
Green by Justice Gardner. In response to
a telegram from an attorney of San
Francisco, County Clerk Bonneau held
his office open after the usual hour, and
met Miss Hess and her mother, Green
and the lawyer by appointment. Subse
quent events showed why. The mother,
Mrs. Lizzie Vernon of Merced, made affl-
davit that her daughter was past 16 years
of age, and gave her consent to the mar
riage. Upon this showing the license was
granted, and shortly afterward the par
ties were married and took the late train
for the city.
It was only yesterday that the couple
applied for a license in Oakland, and as
the mother admitted the girl to be only
14 years old, the law requiring that she
be 15 had to be observed, and a license
waa refused. If Mrs. Vernon told the
truth in Oakland she perjured herself to
day by swearing that the girl is past 16
yean of age. This explains the secrecy
maintained in securing the license and
the fear expressed to the Clerk that the
reporters might get hold of the facts.
EMPEROR WILLIAM
REACHES PALESTINE
His Majesty and the Empress Land
at Haifa and Are Accorded
Unusual Honors.
HAIFA, Palestine, Oct. 26.— The Emper
or and Empress of Germany arrived at
noon yesterday and landed during the af
ternoon. The town was decorated pro
fusely, every house flying German and
Turkish flags. Turkish troops lined the
streets and the band of a cavalry regi
ment played the German anthem as the
Emperor and Empress landed. After
reaching shore their Majesties entered
carriages md were driven direct to Mount
Carmel. at the foot of which a German-
American mission colony is situated.
OREGON INDIAN TROUBLE.
Several Citizens Reported Shot Near
Canyon City.
BAKER CITY, Or., Oct. 26.— Word was
received here to-day by telephone from
Canyon City of a shooting affray in which
Indians shot and seriously wounded Dave
Cuttings, and shot the horses from un
der F. Duncan and P. Mosier. The red
skins then went to the home of John
High and shot him, but not fatally. The
scene of the trouble is on the south fork
of John Daly River, about thirty miles
southwest of Canyon City. A well armed
posse from Canyon City has taken up the
trail and hard fighting is expected, as !
the Indians are well armed.
Strange Suicide Near Colfax.
AUBURN. Cal., Oct. 26.— An unknown
man was found with a bullet wound In
his right temple to-day about a half mile
from the railroad near Colfax. He was
well dressed, and had money in his pocket.
He was apparently about 65 years of age,
and wore a bushy, gray mustache. A
bulldog pistol lay beside him.
SUITS CLARA IS
SOLID FOR GAGE
Choice of Farmers and
Orchardists.
LOUD IS ALSO BOUND TO WIN
SIGNS OF DISCORD AMONG THE
FUSIONISTS.
Populists Getting the Short End
Everything — Good Government
League Checkmating the
Gangsters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 26.— Santa Clara
County will give Henry T. Gage a
iarger majority than it has ever given
any Republican candidate for Gover
nor. Reports from different parts of
the county con inn this. The orchard
ists and farmers do not take to Ma
guireism, and the majority of them are
enthusiastic supporters of Gage. Ma
quire was greeted by a big audience
here a few days ago, but a large pro
portion attended as spectators and
will vote the Republican State ticket.
The greetings accorded Congressman
Loud at his meetings throughout the
county during the past ten days shows
how the people startd on the State
ticket. Everywhere his meetings are
crowded and people promise their sup
port to himself and Gage.
The fusion of Democrats and Popu
lists has driven many Democrats to the
Republican State ticket, while there is
dissatisfaction among the Populists.
The latter believe they are getting the
worst of it from the Democrats and
that the Maguireites are working prin
cipally for their own men and these
will also support the Republican can
didate for Governor.
The Republican Good Government
League has been chiefly instrumental in
bringing about this condition in politics
for the Republican State ticket. They
harre • canvassed the county and did
hard work for it in their fight against
Rea and for reform. At all their meet
ings they have urged the people to
support Gage, Loud and the State and
Legislative ticket. The league has over
1600 members and each of these has
been working energetically in his own
locality. By this means a thorough or
ganization has been perfected.
The Rea county central committee is
making no effort to elect the State
ticket. The Reaites county ticket can
didates hold nightly meetings in vari
ous parts of the county, bui they are
too busy seeking votes for themselves
to take any interest in the guberna
torial fight. This lack of interest in
the election of the State ticket is ac
cording to orders issued by Rea and
Mackenzie. In fact these two worthies
would like to see Gage defeated— simply
because Paul P. Austin, one of Boss
Rea's henchmen in the Board of Su
pervisors, vwas not given tin? Repub
lican nomination for Secretary of State.
The chances of. the Good Government
League electing its county ticket are as
bright as those for the State ticket.
Encouraging reports come in fro-m all
over the county, and it is almost certain
the reform forces will carry the election.
The union of Good Government League,
Democrats and Populists upon go<rd
men for county offices means the de
feat of the gang. The people art- tired
of being taxed to provide for the sup
port of friends of Rea and the Macken
zie family. Taxes are being steadily in
creased without any material benefits,
and the schools and other institutions
wrecked through gang interference.
The gang is doing all in its power to
defeat L. J. Chipman for Superintend
ent of Schools. This official has held
the office for over twenty years, and
because he refused to obey Boss Rea's
mandates the edict has gone forth to
ruin him politically and every other
way. Chipman refused to go before the
Rea Republican convention this year
and took the nomination from the Good
Government League. Rea's candidate
for Superintendent of Schools is H. C.
Fabes, a recent arrival from Santa Bar
bara. He is a migratory candidate for
the office and ran for the same po
sition four years ago In Santa Bar
bara County.
The gang has left no-thing undone to
defeat Chipman. The Board of Super
visors, at the direction of Chairman
Rea, a brother of the Boss, ordered an
investigation of the Superintendent's
office. Experts worked upon the books
for some time and last week turned
over a bulky report to Superintendent
Rea. This report has not been filed
with the board, but it is said that it is
being used as a campaign document
against Chipman. The office has al
ways been ably conducted and it is cer
tain no Irregularities could be discov
ered. I
Matters will probably be turned and
twisted bo as to make some nonsensical
charge against the Superintendent. The
report will undoubtedly be filed a day
or two before election, when It Is too
late to circulate a general denial
POSSIBILITY OF A
COLLISION AT SEA
Two Disabled Vessels Reported to
Have Been Sighted in Mid-
Ocean.
ANTWERP, Oct. 26.— Tho Belgian
steamer Equatoria, Captain E>aly, which
arrived here October 22 from New YorK.
has reported that she slgrhted a disabled
steamer October 11. in latitude 5G degrees
north, longitude 42 degrees west, and an
other on October 14 in latitude 50 degrees
north, longitude 25 degrees west, but. ow
ing to the tempest raginir Was prevented
from rendering any assistance. The sec
ond vessel was sighted at night and her
lights, which had been plainly visible, sud
denly disappeared when the vessels were
within a hundred yards of each other.
j CATHOLIC FAIR AT SONOMA.
Many Attractions to Aid St. Francis
Church.
SONOMA, Oct. 26.— The Catholic fair,
In aid of St. Francis Church, opened here
to-night in Union Hall with a good at
tendance. THe large hall presented an at
tractive appearance. The St. Francis
booth Is handsomely trimmed and orna
mented with many costly and beautiful
articles and is in charge of Mrs. Thomas
Erskin and Mrs. L. Emparan, assisted by
Mesdames Schell, Ohm, Stevonot, Gaune
and Hill. The Children of Mnry booth is
presided over by Misß Josephine Kiser
and members or the Sodality. The re
freshment table is in charge of Mrs. J.
Watt. There are also ice cream, candy
and lemonade stands and a grab-bag. The
wheel of fortune is under the manage
ment of the Young Men's Institute. The
programme to-night was attractive, sev
eral artists from San Francisco taking
part.
; ; : JILICE RIX writes about
Tile Democratic Candidates
■m .NEXT SUJJDJiY'S OHLL
SILVER STATE'S
INDIAN SCARE
Shoshones Said to Be on
the Warpath.
STARTLING NEWS BY COURIER
GUNS AND AMMUNITION SENT
TO SETTLEBS.
Much Alarm in the Southern Part of
Nevada — Washington Authori
ties Make Light of the
Situation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Oct. 26.— A special from
Carson to the Gazette says Governor
Sadler has received p telegram from
Midas, Nye County, Nevada, announc
ing that a serious Indian outbreak has
occurred there and asking for arms and
ammunition. The Governor has for
warded seventy-five rines and a sup
ply of ammunition.
The trouble arose over the arrest of
one of the members of the Shoshone
tribe as the result of a quarrel between
him and a white man.
CARSON, i\ev., Oct. 26.— Officers at
the are in a state of deep
anxiety since the receipt of the news
of the threatened Shoshone Indian out
break at Midas, Nye County. No word
has beeoi received since the first mes
sage calling for arms and ammunition
and stating that the Indians threatened
to revolt.
The courier who rode into Sodaville
with this message only stopped to tell
the solicitous citizens the meager facts
and then remounted his horse with the
ominous words that he guessed every
one of the few settlers would be needed
and he would have to hurry back.
Although his message stated that
there were all the men necessary for
withstanding any attack from the In
dians, the officers in command of the
battalion are now in consultation as to
whether the mustering-out proceedings
should not be suspended pending
further news. This may not arrive for
several days, as Midas is situated in an
isolated portion of the southern part of
Nevada and the stage leaves there but
once a week.
Other Indian tribes have not as yet
become acquainted with the facts, so it
is not known whether they will assist
the Shoshones, who have heretofore
been regarded as the most peaceable of
dusky natives.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The alleged
threatened outbreak of Western Sho
shone Indians in Nevada has not been
reported to the Indian Bureau, and in
the absence of word of any kind offi
cially on the subject Commissioner
Jones is inclined to believe serious
trouble is not to be apprehended. There
are 645 of the Shoshones, all told, but
a very small number of braves. The
official reports of the tribe refer to its
members aa a "simple, kind and gen
tle people," and the latest one says
"disturbances are not as frequent
among them as they would be among
an equal number of white people dwell
ing together."
The Shoshones, it is possible, may
have had a little controversy with the
whites on adjacent lands, but the idea
of serious trouble is scouted. These In
dians have a reputation as willing
workers, but their land is poor agri
culturally and they have no means to
go into stock raising.
FIRE DESTROYS THE
HASTINGS SAWMILL
One of the Most Important Plants on
the Coast — Army of Men Out
of Work.
VANCOUVER, Oct. 26.— Fire has left
but a remnant of the Hastings sawmill,
and 250 men are out of employment. This
mill was one of the most complete on the
Pacific Coast, having a capacity for 300,
000 feet every twenty-four hours 0r.3,000,000
feet per annum. The very valuable ma
chinery has all been destroyed as well as
the wharf and company's mill. The own
er is the Royal City Planing 1 Mill Com
pany, and the loss goes up to several
hundred thousand dollars.
Three lumber ships were saved hy stren
uous efforts. They were the American
ship Kennebec, loading for South Africa;
the British bark Gartmore and the Chil
ean bark Elisa. They were in Imminent
danger during part of the fire, but fortu
nately tugs were in readiness close by
and they were hauled out into Burrard
Inlet. The cause of the fire is unknown at
present.
MAY LEAD TO RATE WARS.
A Canadian's Opinion of the Supreme
Court's Recent Decision.
MONTREAL, Oct. 26.— Vice-President
Shaughnessy of the Canadian Pacific
Railway, speaking of the recent decision
of the Supreme Court of the United
States, regarding the legality of the Joint
Traffic Association, said it would have the
effect of breaking up the traffic associa
tions in the United States, thereby leav
ing each company to make its own rates
andJfcresentinp opportunities for roads so
disposed to wage rate wars, although
he did not look for any.
San Rafael Sewer Contracts.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 26.— At an adjourn
ed session of the Board of Town Trustees
last evening contracts for the new grav
ity outfall sewer system were awarded as
follows:
For pipe, to N. C. Clark & Sons, at reg
ular market price; laying iron stone pipe
to Lunney & Redmond. 24 cents for 12
inch, and 20 cents for 6-inch; laying 12
inch wrought iron pipe to Jerry McCar
thy, at 85 cents per foot; constructing
manholes to same, at $36 each. Other
small bids were also let, but while the
bid of the Buckman Contracting Company
was decided to be the lowest for a flush
ing basin, at $3525, action on its accept
ance was postponed until the next regu
lar meeting.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , (
To-day we offer ; free and invite you to take
a cup of delicious Beef Tea, made from Cv- :
dahy's Extract of Beef, Rex brand — a prepa-
ration that has no superior in the wide, wide
world. . Call at the demonstration counter,
first floor on the right near the entrance.
This fine extract is on sale everywhere.
NINE' BARGAINS.' '::'■
Heavy Sheetlron Bakepans, small ...80 ' 'JB W> |3 B6sJB Wg4k
Rag*. Savory, MArJaroms.fl-n}, can5., ;,.,,..... «a liVjl ?£ • H ■ vM r\
IJard, good as can be 'bought, 10 lbs. ..'..„'.. .750 \L IPs! H•* fcj '% f& Vksm '■
Knapsacks or Haversacks, army, log " *%2SSr £3 El Rsl .61 MBB
Prunes, this : year's crop, »0 lbs f0r.. .;.;:..... 11 f% mgjfjn £\M r-a. i*» "
Toilnt Soap, good to u*e or sell lo %<■ /"ft C^ Btl !*2& |T BIU B*
Needles, all sizes, Imported make. ,,-lq ■'■^^f..~. m *'* -■•■-. •> *•
Girls' Umbrellaß,' black, goodSsUB:,,.V,;;:r..'«6« OK O7lUanl/i>f €ii- C C -
Store open until 8 o'clock Saturday Evenings.' -^ O -6 4 lllal XCI 0L.9 O»r»
• M-iJ-'ii i.i<i Ifi ■! i. Ini I*lll*lll 'if i'^tiflri'ni»-iniiiii"i»-ii*i 1 i.Xaiii 1 -? . -■ tl.t 1 . "- - ■;. ■ ■ . v«HHBMHBnE^ ■ "-. '■■ . / "'^aßUri,
TESTS OF ARMOR
ARE ft SUCCESS
First of an Important
Series Held.
PLATES FOR THE WISCONSIN
WITHSTAND TEN-INCH SHOTS
AT SHORT RANGE.
Turning Out Armor Ahead of Con
tract Time Most Gratifying
to the Ordnance
Bureau.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Oct. 26.
The first of an important series of
armor tests was held at the naval prov
ing station to-day when a 10-inch plate,
representing a large group of armor for
the battleship Wisconsin, under con
struction by the Union Iron Works at
San Francisco, stood successfully the
terrific blows from two projectiles fired
out of a 10-inch rifle with full service
charges. The delivery of armor for
this ship and her sister vessels, the Al
abama and Illinois, was not required,
under the contracts, until January 1
next, and the fact that the firms are
capable of turning out plates ahead of
required time is most gratifying to the
Ordnance Bureau, which will soon
award other large contracts for the
battleships and monitors authorized by
Congress at the last session.
The plate tested to-day represented
more than 700 tons of barbette armor.
The deduction made by the ordnance
officer who witnessed the test was that
a 10-inch projectile cannot penetrate
fifteen inches of armor, except when
the highest velocities are employed.
The plate stood the two shots well and
at the end of the trial presented but
one crack of a trivial character and
not extending through the armor.
The first shot was with a velocity of
1513 feet per second, armor-piercing
shell, and the effect was to break up
the head of the projectile and secure a
penetration of only seven inches. No
laree cracks resulted. On the second
shot the velocity was increased to 1903
feet per second the same gun being
used, and the result was to fracture
the shell in three pieces, the nose get
ting through the armor and into the
stout oaken backing behind. A slight
crack was created, but this was ex
pected, as the point of impact was only
thirty-six inches from the side of the
plate.
The results obtained were entirely
satisfactory to the experts and insure
acceptance of the entire group of plate.
Next week another plate, represent
ing a second group, will be tested. The
plate tested to-day was made by the
Carnegie Company. While the trial
amply demonstrated the resisting qual
ities of the armor treated with the Har
vey process, the ordnance officials are
confident that the new Krupp treat
ment is vastly superior, probably 20
per cent better, and that in the pur
chase of armor for new vessels and
monitors under this year's programing
of increase it should be bought.
Captain O'Neil, chief of the Ordnance
Bureau, believes that the Krupp armor
is so much better than the Harvey va
riety that even where it is more expen
sive the Government should protect the
new vessels with it.
DRIVEN TO SUICIDE
THROUGH SICKNESS
Edward F. Knowlton, a Brooklyr
Millionaire, Kills Himself in
His Sister's Home.
MILFORD, Mass., Oct. 26.— Edward F.
Knowlton of Brooklyn, N. V., a million
aire straw goods manufacturer, commit
ted suicide at the home of his sister
Mrs. Benjamin, by sending a bullet into
his brain. He had recently returned from
Europe, where he had spent several
months in quest of health.
His act is inscribed to insanity, pro
duced by despondency over the fact that
he had become a cripple through paraly
sis. He was 54 years old, and the h<;ul !>f
the firm of William Knowlton & Sons of
New York, the largest manufacturers in
their line In the world. He leaves one
daughter, Countess Johann yon Frankln
Sierstorpff of Berlin.
CARAVAN ENGULFED
AND 100 DROWNED
Terrific Storms Sweep Over Mace-
donia, Doing an Immense
Amount of Damage.
SALONICA, European Turkey. Oct. 26.—
Terrific storms have swept over Macedo
nia, doing: an immense amount of damape
and causing considerable loss of life.
In one instance a caravan consisting 1 of
400 person were engulfed in the River
Galice, and a hundred were drowned.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVRD.
Wednesday. October 16.
Sehr Ivy, Samuelson, 4 days from Coos Hay
Bktn Addenda, Delano, 20 days from Hono
lulu.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson. 13 days
from Hllo.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 2fr— Ger ship Chris
tine, from Mtoco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMKRS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Liverpool- stmr St
Paul, from New York.
Sailed Oct 2«— Stmr Cephalonia. for Boston.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Oct 26-Stmr Dresden,
for Bremen.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 26— Ptmr Paris, for
Southampton; stmr Kensington, for Antwerp;
stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool.
Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Ems, from Mediter
ranean ports.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Oct 26— Stmr Lahn,
for New York.
Arrived Oct 26— Stmr St Paul, from New
York.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Chesapeake,
for Philadelrhia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Republican Meetings!
This, Thursday, Evening, Oct. 27,
COLONEL H. i. KOWALSKY
WILL ADDRESS THE PEOPLE ON THE
ISSUES OF THE CAMPAIGN
AT
ODD FELLOWS' HALL,
Corner Seventh and Market Streets,
HON A. G. BOOTH WILL PRESIDE. SING-
ING BY QUARTET.
AT POTRERO OPERA HOUSE.
POTRKKo REPUBLICAN CLUB.
HON. JULIUS KAHN,
HON. C. L PATTON. ■
EX-SENATOR JOHN LENIHAN
AND OTHER.SPEAKERS.
AT 1239 VALENCIA STREET.
33T11 ASSEMBLY DISTRICT REPUBLICAN
CLUB.
HON. R. B. CARPENTER
AND OTHER SPEAKERS.
AT MURPHY'S HALL. OCEAN VIEW,
OCEAN VIEW REPUBLICAN CLUB.
HON. A. P. VAN DUZER
AND OTHER SPEAKERS.
AT PASTENE'S HALL. 32H DAVIS STREET,
HARBOR REPUBLICA.. CLUB.
HON. JULIUS KAHN, COL. ALBERT DE
f LEUR AND OTHER SPEAKERS.
TO-MORROW (FRIDAY) EVENING, OCTOBER 28.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Fifth and Jessie Streets.
ARMY AN NAVY REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
B'NAI BRITH HALL.
Eddy Street, Near Mason,
BEAR CLUB NIGHT.
It?" All citizens are cordially invited. Coma
J and bring your friends.
frank Mclaughlin,
Chairman Republican State Central Committee.
E. C. HART, Secreatry.
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICT MEETINGS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAXER9
WILL ADDRESS THE VOTERS ON THE
ISSUES OF THE DAY ON
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27th,
AT
Thirty-fifth. New Falrmount Hall, Chenery
and Miguel streets. San Francisco and San
Mateo Electric Railroad.
Thjrty-thlrd. South San Francisco Hall.
Fourteenth and Railroad avenues.
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee.
M. JASPER MCDONALD. Chairman.
THOMAS J. WALSH. Secretary.
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
7
I REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAn
NOMINEE.
FOR. . .
PUBLIC. . .
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FREESE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
r-ErTTHLICAN. NON-PARTISAN AT 3 POP-
ULIST NOMINEE.
W COUNTY CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
S. LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL
FOR CORONER
V AND THE DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED.
sStlhodes BORDEN
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC. NON-PARTISAN AND PEO-
PLES PARTY NOMINEE.
FOR AUDITOR. . ..
JOHN H.CRADY
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC A:.'D PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE.
DR. ED, E. HILL
'For CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
• : PARTY NOMINEE.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24. .
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKB.
Tardß at HOWARD AND BE ALE STS.
£3g|DR. BALL'S REINYIGORATOR
: iVsf^iaSta Five hundred reward for any case
SmO SsOu we cannot cure. This secret remedy
1 r D stops ; all losses In 24 hours, cure*
fes! E^ Emissions, Impotency, Varleocele.
itr ■ YilT Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
B*a Lkli Lost Manhood and all. wasting ef-
!SS I sBk fects of Keif-abuse or PXcenßes. Sent
»i — TT7.J sealed.s2 bottle: 3 bottles, M; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, E56 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073^ Market 6t., 8. F. All pri-
vate dlseeases quickly cured. Send for free book.
\^f> Am ii Mii * JTi .I. iLl**-? \\WATSONVILLE
IS RIPE FOB
A LYNCHING
The Town Terrorized
by Roughs.
MANY VILLAINOUS CRIMES
WOMEN AND CHILDREN AT
TACKED ON THE STREETS
Carnes Held for Trial Before the Su
perior Court for the Abduc
tion of Edna
Osborn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WATSONVTLLE, Oct. 26.— Something
In the shape of a man at the end of a
rope is liable to drop in this unusually
quiet and orderly city if the fathers of
families can lay their hands on the
man or men who are terrorizing their
children. This state of mind has
been brought about, not alone by the
Osborn abduction case, but by the
scandalous acts of several men who
have thus far escaped apprehension.
"Watsonville has been unfortunate in
her prosperity this year. The fact that
comparatively good crops were raised
here and that drought prevailed in the
adjoining and southern counties at
tracted a floating population that
could well have been spared. This
class of people is still here in large
numbers, and is composed of Slavo
nians and half-caste Portuguese and
Mexicans. They are in many cases
degenerates, have little respect for law I
and do not comprehend the meaning !
of the word morality. As a conse
quence, since the gathering of the har
vest began several scandalous acts
have been committed, the perpetrators
of which the law officers have been un
able to find. There is a "Jack the
Hugger" here, who walks up behind
women on the side streets in the even
ing and embraces them in a most amor
ous manner. There have been five
such cases in a week, and in one in
stance a married woman was forcibly
embraced while her husband was a half
block away, talking to a friend on the
si cie walk.
Another case is reported where a man
in broad daylight on a side street
walked up behind a young woman and
after taking shocking liberties with
her ran away and has not been appre
hended.
There is still another scoundrel in
this city who shocks decency by his ac
tions. The latest announcement which
adds to the anger of the men of Wat
sonville is that the daughter of A. W.
Fell, a phutngrrapher, was pursued by \
an unknown man for several blocks !
and fast running: only saved her from
the clutches of the miscreant. She
could not reach her home, but ran into
the house of a neighbor, being followed
to the gate by her pursuer. The young ;
woman was too frightened to tell her ,
experience promptly and the fellow es
caped, notwithstanding the man of the
house went after him with a gun.
There is an undercurrent of feeling
here in consequence of these outrages
that bodes no good for the perpetrators
It was publicly stated on the streets to
day by prominent citizens that if they
succeed in catching the men who are
committing these acts and are confident
of their guilt there will be no expense
to the county except that of a Coroner's
inquest. This sentiment is not con
fined to the younger men of the com
munity, but to those of mature years,
who are the fathers of families.
The fact that Fred Carnes, one of the :
men charged with the abduction of
Edna Osborn, was held to answer to
day before the Superior Court on a
charge of felony may put a check to
this kind of outlawry, and it will be
well for somebody if it does. The pre
liminary examination of Romero and
Came.« in the abduction case was held !
to-day before Judge Yoacham. Public
interest in the case was so- great that
the courtroom could not accommodate !
the people, the Mexican element b.in
largely in the majority. The testimony
presented was a repetition of what has I
appeared in The Call.
The facts that landed Carnes in the
toils of the Superior Court were the
finding of his weight tag from the su
gar company in the seat of the stolen
buggy, a lock of the girl's hair, th
tracing of the tracks of the vehicle to
the front of the door of his lodging
house and his inability to prove that he
was at home at the time the crime was
committed. Aside from the evidence of
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
********* HEAD SWIM
* ******** HEAD SWIM
* HUDYAN * HEAD SWIM
* CURES * HEAD SWIM
********* HEAD SWIM
A SWIMMING SENSATION IN THE HEAD,
the necessity to hold to pillar or post only
for a second, shows there Is something the
matter with the man.
What Is the Matter?
Undoubtedly the individual Is afflicted with
some form of liver disorder. It may be worse:
It may be nervous debility or some form of
nervous disorder. If you are In this condition
you can use with safety the Hu<lyun Remedy
treatment. You can get Hudyun only from
the Hudson Doctors.
Write or call.
Hudyan cures Spermatorrhea. Nervous Men-
tal or Physical Debility and the peculiar
diseases and disabilities of man.
Circulars Free !
30-DAT CUKE First. secondary or
?""ii'vv IlllE troubles can be curorl
.Jl»-I»A» CLXI! troubles • can be rnr*<i
30-l>A\ C'UKK with 30-day Blood Cure
Write for Circulars.
Hudson Metal Institute,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors ! Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Edna Osborn and her mother there was
nothing in the proceedings that has not
been published in these columns. The
intended victim is an unusually bright
girl for her years and bravely torn the
co-urt of her strange experience. She
j said she first thought in her semi-con
scious condition when being carried
from her room that there was a fire,
and that her sister was taking her to
a place of safety. Then the pressure of
the man's cold fingers upon her throat
and the realization that she was being
dragged down the steps aroused her,
and she had strength to break the
fiend's grip and cry out for the protec
tion of her father. Her outcry evi
dently alarmed her abductor, for he re
leased the girl and climbed over a six
foot fence. She only had a glimpse of
the hands and upper half of the face of
the man as he dropped aver the opposite
j side of the fence and could not identify
either of the prisoners as the man who
; carried her out of the house.
Mrs. Osborn, the mother, stated that
she was awakened about 2 o'clock in
the morning by a noise in the direction
of her daughter's room and heard the
cry of "Mamma," "Papa," followed by
the sound of some one colliding with
the kitchen table and of something be
ing dragged over the kitchen floor.
She aroused Mr. Osborn and before he
could reach the scene she again heard
her daughter's appeal for help. She
stated that the girl's throat was bruised
and scratched from the choking she had
received, and that one of her limbs be
low the knee was injured from being
dragged down the steps.
The evidence of Judson L. Craig, a
clerk in the office of the Western Beet
Sugar Company, with reference to the
issuance of the tell-tale weight tag was
the backbone of the prosecution's case,
without which Carnes could not have
been held.
The tag was originally given to Ro
mero, who handed it over to Carnes.
The latter returned it to the office of
the company for correction and was the
last man known to possess it. His ex
planation that he had thrown it away
did not account for it being found in
the seat of the stolen buggy and this
in connection with the other evidence
hoids him for trial.
Carnes comes from a fine family in
] Ventura. His father is an educated
| and polished gentleman, 80 years of age,
j and was the first Postmaster of Santa
! Barbara. The prisoner eight years ago !
! was Deputy Recorder of Ventura
i County and is said to have got into
I trouble that resulted in his permanent
j departure from that section. This even
. ing Sheriff Besse showed Carnes a dis
j patch from his old father asking about
i the result of the trial, and after read
ing it the prisoner cried like a child
Despite the fact that the circumstan
tial evidence was ample to hold Carnes
there is some doubt as to whether the
right man has been remanded. There
I is a certain hard element here that is
j not being overlooked. Bradley Sargent
i attorney for the defendant, stated open
ly this evening that he would, within
a few days, demonstrate that his client
is innocent and at the same time fasten
the crime upon two young Americans
VI t i ll ?. city whose connections are such
that his expose will shock the com
munity.
ENDOWMENT FOR THE
CATHOLIC COLLEGE
Erastus Bronson Memorial Commit
tee Takes That Method to Per
petuate His Name.
s ? I^ GTON - Oct - 26 At the *««*»
of the Catholic Young Men's Union to-day I
C C. Bonnell of Philadelphia read the re- '
port of the archdiocese of that city re
plete with the details of the work of tne |
Catholic young men of that section.
Charles Webber, treasurer of the Erastus !
Bronson memorial committee in a nttlne i
» ' Th P ? rted that the committee hal
decided that an endowment in theCath- !
?nPr.P^ ersity was an appropriate instru
ment to perpetuate the memory of that ]
eminent man, and he handed to Monsignor
Conally, the rector of the university, a
package, which supposedly contained a
check as the nucleus for rr ,.i~, r _,. !
these intentions. The monsipnor in a
brief speech, thanked the union for its
Rift, which he promised would be placed j
where it would do the most good— among I
the lay schools. Then he spoke of the
w<>rk and scope of the university of its
popular features and its prospects for
greater work in the future than in the
past. It was a university, he said, where
priests and laymen united as in no other !
place to teach the doctrines of the church ;
and sciences under the inspiration of God
Monsignor Stephen, head of the Indian,
bureau of the Catholic church, spoke of
his work among the red men of the West
pointing out the great work laymen can
do in this connection. The Indians wage
war, he declared, and he gave them credit '■
for doing so. for they had been cheated !
of their rights from first to last.
The following officers were elected-
President, WiUiam M. McGuire of Brook
lyn: vice-presidi-nt, Bernard M. Bogan of
Rahway, N. J. ; second vice-president
Daniel P. Toomoy of lioston; secretary I
and treasurer, W. E. P. Gallagher of !
Philadelphia.
The union adjourned to meet next year
at Newark, N. J.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Friends of Young Blame Yet Work-
ing in His Behalf.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The influential
friends of James G. Blame Jr. are at work
endeavoring to have him retained in the
military service until the "clouds roll by."
Army orders: By direction of the Sec- i
retary of War, Private Bert P. Fannon, j
Hospital Corps, now supposed to be at
("amp Otis. Honolulu, will be discharged ,
from the service of the United States by !
his commanding officer. Private John J. I
Moran. <>mpany F, FiFteenth Lnited ]
States Infantry, now with the Twenty
third T'nlted States Infantry at Manila, !
Philippine Islands, is transferred to that
regiment Private William I. Schmehl,
Troop B, Fourth United States Cavalry,
now at the Presidio. San Francisco, ft, j
upon his own application, transferred to i
Battery D, Third United Slates Artillery, |
and will be sent to the station of that bat- i
tery.
A postofnce has been established at i
Riffe. Lewis County. Wash., with Floyd !
L. Riffe as Postmaster.
The location of substation 2, Oakland,
Cal., has been changed from 1154 East |
Fourteenth street to 1158 East Fifteenth
street.
The postofnce at Emerald Bay. El Dora
do County, Cal., has been closed for t^e
winter. Mail therefor should be sent to
Tallac.
F. H. Fintel has been appointed Post
master at Palmdale. L«s Angeles County,
Cat., vice John Mimz, resigned.
Pensions have been issued as follows:
California: Original— Twenty vrars"
service— Thomas Devine, Sun Francisco,
$23. Reissue— William Henry Allen, San
Francisco, $S.
Oregon: Original— George Hacker, Spar
ta, $10. Original widow— Rebecca Fether
ford, Ashland, JS.
FROM CAPE MEADE
TO THE QUAKER CITY
It Will Bequire Eighteen Trains to
Convey the Troops to Phila
delphia.
CAMP MEADE. MIDDT.ETON. Pa,,
Oct. 26.— 1t will require eighteen trains
with twelve cars to the train to take the
troops from Camp -ieade to Philadelphia.
The movement commenced this morning
early. General Graham, with Generals
Young and Davis and their staffs, were in
the Ilrst train with detachments of the
engineer and signal corps. Then follow
ed the troops on me other trains, which
went out at intervals, and consumed the
entire day. The men marched from their
various camps in heavy marching order,
with blanket, poncho, haversack and can
teen, and in the rain they did not seem
to be very happy over the prospect. The
last train will reach Philadelphia at mid
night. Surgeon General Girard has as
surances that the boys will be cared for
in the Quaker City.
Thirty-six sick men suffering from
fever were removed from the Red Cross
and division hospitals to Lancaster and
Reading to-day where they will be cared
for in city hospitals.
While at camp yesterday Governor
Bushnell hinted that efforts would be
madia to have the Tenth Ohio mustered ;
nut. as about half the men want to gret i
home.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1898.
ORATORY ON
THE QUESTION
OF FASHODA
Many Speeches Made
in England.
ALL UPHOLD SALISBURY
CANNOT RECEDE FROM HIS
STAND.
Circulation of a Report That the
Rothschilds Had Been Informed
That France Had Agreed
to Evacuate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— This evening has
witnessed a great outpouring of oratory
on the Fashoda question. Speeches
were made at various places.
All recognized the gravity of the situ
ation, but declared that even at the risk
of war it was impossible for Lord Salis
bury to recede from his position.
A report was in circulation in the
city this afternoon that the Roths
childs had been informed that France
had agreed to evacuate Fashoda. The
activity in naval preparations con
tinues on both f des of the channel.
GENERAL KITCHENER
ARRIVES AT PARIS
MARSEILLES, Oct. 26.— General
Lord Kitchener of Khartoum and Cap
tain Baratier, the bearer of Major
Marchand's Fashoda report, arrived
from Alexandria, Egypt, to-day on
board the Messageries steamer from
that port. During the voyage the two
officers dined together and cordlally
conversed on the customs of the tribes
and peoples each had met.
The British Consul here met General
Kitchener on landing and Captain
Baratier received an affectionate greet
ing from his mother and brother.
General Kitchener and Captain Bara
tier left for Paris on the same train.
A crowd which assembled on the plat
form cheered Captain Baratier and a
delegation from the naval and commer
cial schools presented him with the in
j signia of the Legion of Honor.
A deputation from the Geographical
j Society of Marseilles congratulated
j Captain Baratier. To General Kitchen
er the speakers also expressed admira-
I tion of his Nile campaign and his work
I in behalf of civilization and thanked
' him for the courtesy he had extended
j to Major Marchand and his colleagues.
The general thanked his visitors warm
ly and eulogized Major Marchand,
whose expedition he said had excited
the admiratio- of the world. The train
then departed amid shouts of "Vive
Baratier!" "Vive Marchand."
PARIS, Oct. 26.— General Lord Her
bert Kitchener, commander of the
Anglo-Egyptian forces in the Soudan,
| and Captain Baratier, the French offl
! cer who brings Major Marchand's dis
patches from Fashoda, arrived here at
1 o'clock this afternoon. General
Kitchener left the railway station un
| noticed.
CRUISER BUFFALO
WILL SOON DEPART
Getting Ready to Make the Long
Voyage to Manila by Way of
the Suez Canal.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— 1t is expected
at the Navy Department that the cruiser
Buffalo will start from New York on
her trip to Manila before the end of the
present week. Final preparations for hei
departure, such as coaling and taking on
supplies for the voyage, are now being
made under the direction of Captain
Hemphill, the vessel's commander. The
Buffalo will carry to Admiral Dewey's
fleet between COO and 700 recruits, besides
a quantity of supplies of various kinds
for our navy in the Philippines. She will
go by way of the Suez canal. The
Buffalo Is able to make this long, contin-i
uous trip by reason of her enormous
steaming capacity, which easily exceeds
that of any cruising ship in the navy.
Although there is no occasion for great
haste, no time will be wasted on the voy
age. The vessel is capable of making
very fast speed, as was shown in her trip
from Norfolk, Va., to New York just
after her arrival from Brazil, whence she
started with tne Oregon and the Marietta.
At that time, under adverse circum
stances after a long voyage, she made an
average of 15 knots an hour. Should any
emergency arise in the Philippines dur
ing her long voyage she could make the
last stage of the journey in very quick
time upon receiving orders at Colombo.
SURROUNDED BY FLAMES
WHILE FIGHTING FIRE
Shocking Fate of C. A. Newton in the
Yucaipe /alley— Death After
Intense Agony.
REDLANDS, Cal., Oct. 2C— Yesterday
afternoon C. A. Newton was burned to
death while fighting the forest fire in
Yucaipe Valley. His home was threat
ened, and he was engaged in back-firing,
when he discovered that he was sur
rounded by flames. He made a dash for
liberty through a wall of flames and all
his clothing except his boots was burned
from his body. His wife saw him and
rushed to the rescue, helping to tear the
burning clothing from him, and finally
got him into the house, when she ran
three miles for a physician. For two
hours Newton suffered great agony, when
death relieved him. He was a native of
Ohio, aged 64, and a member of the G.
A. R.
AVARICIOUS WHITES
CAUSED THE TROUBLE
Commissioner Jones Reports on His
Investigation Into the Chippe
wa Uprising.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— Commissioner
of Indian Affairs William A. Jones, who
has been for a week in Minnesota making
negotiations, which were successful, with
the Chippewa Indians for the resumption
of peaceful relations with the Govern
ment, has returned to Washington, and
to-day made a verbal report to Secretary
Bliss on his work. Commissioner Jones
says the trouble Is attributable to the
methods of the whites in the vicinity, who
are taking gross advantage of the In
dians.
Wheat $2 a Bushel.
Some farmers are holding their wheat be
rause they think the price will go to 12 a
bushel. The price, however, may go down
Instead of up, and thus great losses will fol
low delay In selling. In all matters delays
are dangerous, particularly so In sickness. At
the first sign of biliousness, dyspepsia, indi
gestion or constipation cure yourself with
Hortetter's Btomach Bitters. Don't wait for
your condition to improve Itself, for It Is apt
to get worse still.
COMMISSIONERS
MORE RETICENT
Representatives N earing
the Vital Question.
FUTURE OF THE PHILIPPINES
AMERICANS READY TO TAKE
UP THE ISSUE.
Upheaval in France That May Delay
the Settlement of Matters Re
lating to the Peace
Treaty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Oct. 26.— The American Peace
Commissioners held a session of sev
eral hours' duration to-day prior to the
joint session of the two commissions,
which opened at 4 o'clock this after
noon. The Americans fully realize
that they are approaching the discus
sion of the chief question intrusted to
them, namely, the future of the Phil
ippine Islands, and it may be taken for
granted that they are well prepared to
take the matter up when broached by
the Spanish Commission.
The meeting of the Commissioners
lasted an hour and five minutes and
was adjourned until to-morrow.
Both the Spanish and the American
Commissioners were more reticent after
this session than ever before. The
Americans fully appreciate not only
theii own serious responsibilities, but
also the delicate position of their Span
ish colleagues, to the burden of whose
duties here is now added the critical
political situation at Madrid, which
may compel the president of the Span
ish Commission (who is also president
of the Spanish Senate), Senor Montero
Rios, to leave Paris.
The Madrid correspondent of the
Temps, confirming the report that Pre
mier Sagasta and the Queen Regent
have prevailed upon the Minister of
War, General Correa, to indefinitely
postpone his resignation, pending the
conclusion of the peace negotiations,
says that they represented to the gen
eral that his withdrawal might entail
not only the fall of the Cabinet but
cause the resignation of certain mem
bers of the Spanish Commission, in
cluding Senor Montero Rios, and there,
by gravely compromise the United
States. The correspondent says:
"The net result is that an open crisis
seems to have been avoided until the
conclusion of the treaty of peace. In
any case this has done away with the
necessity of an ad interim government
which was lately suggested as likely
to be the only solution of the present
difficulties."
As the peace negotiations are now
nearing the discussion of the Philip
pine question, the Americans feel that
no stage of the proceedings has so de
manded their considerate treatment. It
may be stated to-night with certainty
that the Cuban question has not re
ceived its last consideration by the
Americans, nor # have the Spaniards ac
cepted as ultimate the United States'
refusal to assume any portion of tho
Cuban debt. It may, however, be af
firmed that the Philippine question was
not reached to-day, but it may be dis
cussed at to-morrow's session, which
will be the first occasion during these
negotiations of a joint session of the
commissions being held on succeeding
days, which fact is in some degree sig
nificant.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— Some ap
prehension has been manifested in cer
tain quarters as to the possible ad
verse effect upon the Peace Commission
at Paris of an upheaval in France. It
has been suggested that the Spanish
case is in such shape that the Spanish
Government has nothing to lose and
everything to gain by any change that
can be brought about. However that
may be. it is the stated opinion of the
State Department officials here that
there is little danger of the situation
in Paris becoming so acute as to Justify
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<$><$><3><s'<S > <$> < S >< 3>«''$ > '$><£<S><s><s>< A <$.<s>^><S><&<&«><^€>«>«><B>^«>«><S><S><^^<s'^^<S>'» '«>4><S><s>-?> <^<S> < $>^<?><s><B'4><B><S>*<><><>
||B« For the Finest Made=to=Order Hliß :
gHpf $10.00 Suit in America. VifiSEXf ♦
If is •® ur ea^y a^ e Department '' . 1ljt:B : ' I . ! ■:.
Illlr li'lli Offers a value, too, that cannot be equaled else- Ei^ « IHI *
(I/I'lif fiISL where. Good, ail wool, perfect fitting business
MM 4| *"^Kfe»»,-- suits, in fancy checks, plaids and solid d*Q QP jbl^^
isTacxory, xne price Deinoj only. • • •• « *
S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market Street, S. F. I
?♦,♦>♦♦♦♦♦■♦♦ 4* 4> ♦ ♦ ♦'■$> t^^f' •♦ .4 f'4 $ <$ V^^-^ ♦♦ '♦ 4* ♦ V^ '*■ ♦ 4^^ ♦ ♦ ♦>♦;♦♦"♦ t &^ f $#?■s+ +$;:■■.
an abandonment of the work of the
commission on the ground that the
members themselves are in physical
danger. It is confidently believed
that, with the change of Cabinet In
France, the present disorder will sub
side and normal conditions will be re
stored. It is always possible that the
Spanish Commissioners, in despair over
their failure to force the Cuban debt
upon the United States in any shape,
may break off the sessions, but this Is
not regarded as probable. It is ex
pected that the Spanish programme is
to trump up as many points of differ,
ence as possible, relying upon the sym
pathy to be excited among European
nations by their dispute of each point.
This being the Spanish policy, it Is
expected that when the commission
takes up the subjects of Porto Rico and
the coaling station in the Ladrone Isl
ands, there will be many hair-splitting
objections interposed by the Spanish to
propositions from the Americans, just
as many references or attempts at ref
erence to Madrid and just as loud pro
tests over each little point by the Span
iards at the uncompromising attitude
of the Americans as there have been
In the case of Cuba.
HOW CORPORATIONS
DODGE THEIR TAXES
Plain Talk at the Convention of the
Municipal Improvement
Society.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— Representa
tives from various cities of the United
States and Canada met here to-day at
the Arlington Hotel at the fifth annual
convention of the American Society of
Municipal Improvements. The attendance
was rather small at the opening, but
many delegates are expected.
The feature of the morning session was
an address of welcome by Hon. John B.
Wight, president of the Board of Com
missioners of this district, and the re
sponse by the president of the society,
Harrison Van Duyne of Newark, N. J.
Mr. Van Duyne said that coincident with
the advance In- city development the past
few years was the increased value of the
franchises that had been given to many
companies, which pay only a small part of
the public burdens belonging to them,
while the tax burdens of others had pro
portionately increased. He knew of no
reason why the companies owning fran
chises should not contribute their share
to the support of the schools and other
city expenses.
D. L. Fulton of Allegheny, Pa., sub
mitted his annual report, and that of
John Kennedy, the treasurer, of Nash
ville, Term., was read in his absence.
SMALL LEGACY LEADS
TO A TERRIBLE TRAGEDY
Blind Retired Railroad Engineer
Kills His Sister-in-Law and
Himself.
ST. PAUL,, Minn., Oct. 26.— Late this af
ternoon Dan Coughlan, a blind retired
railroad engineer, shot and killed his
young sister-in-law. Miss Katie Marsinan,
and then fatally shot himself. Mr?.
Coughlan a short time afterward discov
ered the dead bodies, and then became
nearly crazed over the tragedy. The
mother of the two women recently died,
leaving her entire estate, valued at about
$1000, to the unmarried daughter. Cough
lan several times quarreled with the girl
over this fact, which is thought to have
led to the tragedy, to which there were
no witnesses.
TTJLARCITOS RANCH ABLAZE.
Threatens to Wipe Out the Little
Feed Remaining.
SALINAS, Oct. 26.— Fire broke out
afresh this afternoon on the Tularcitos
ranch, owner! by David Jacks, and is still
burning. The present conflagration
threatens to destroy the balance of the
little feed remaining after three previous
fires, and totally wipe out all trees and
shrubbery. The damages will be great
unless rain ensues to stop the progress
of destruction. The heat from the fire
was felt at Salinas all the afternoon, and
dense clouds of smoke hung over the city
like a pall.
LAST OF THE FAMILY.
Death of J. Fennimore Cooper's
Daughter at Cooperstown, N. Y.
COOPERSTOWN. N. V.. Oct. 26.— Mrs.
Richard Cooper. 7!> years of age, who died
to-day, was the last surviving daughter
of James Fennimore Cooper, the novelist.
Her maiden name was Maria Frances
Cooper. She lived a quiet life here. She
Is survived by one daughter, Miss Susan
Cooper.
Correo Remains in Office.
MADRID, Oct. 20 —General Correa, Min
ister of War, has been prevailed upon to
withdraw his resignation for the present,
in view of the difficulties with which the
country is confronted.
LONG WAS THE
GUEST OF HONOR
Dinner of the Massachu
setts Republicans.
PATRIOTISM IN THE NAVY
THE SECBETABY P>YS HIGH
TBIBUTE TO THE MEN.
He Says That All Cabinet Officers
Should Have a Place on the
Floor of Con
gress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Oct. 26.— Secretary of the
Navy Long received a genuine New
England welcome at Music Hall to
night on the occasion of the annual
dinner of the Republican Club of Mas
sachusetts. There were more than 800
Republicans of New England at the
tables. The galleries were crowded
with ladies and gentlemen.
The other guests of honor were Gov
ernor Wolcott, Senator Lodge and Con
gressman Dingley. The guests and
many of the leading Republicans of the
State were seated on the platform.
Secretary Long was the principal
speaker. When he rose he received a
tremendous ovation.
My experience in the Cabinet has con
firmed the impression that I have long
cherished that a Cabinet officer, with or
without a vote, should have a place on the
floor of Congress, where he shall be sub
ject to questioning in all matters of his
administration and have the opportunity
to present in person the needs and de
mands of his branch of the public service.
The almost entire freedom of the navy
during the war from loss of life or sick
ness or disease and from even ordinary
casualties is the best evidence of the
thoroughness of its preparation, the In
telligence of its direction and the skill,
efficiency and thorough training of its
officers and men. Let me bear my testi
mony that all this has been the work of
the navy itself, and not of any man at its
head; of the completeness of its system
and the competency of its personnel. Of
its professional spirit I cannot speak too
highly. The commandant at the yard,
the chief in the bureau and no less the
grades, every one of them below these,
line and staff, superior and subordinate,
have all worked with matchless fidelity
and ability and in harmonious co-opera
tion, and deserve equal honor.
The glory of the navy and the glory of
the war, which it shares with the army.
Is not, however, in battle alone; or rather,
it is not in the brutal elements of battle.
It Is rather in the fine instinct, the heroic
courage, the splendid devotion, the in
tense patriotism, which nerve men to en
dure what otherwise were unpardonable
horrors of armed conflict for the sake of
the cause for which battles are fought.
The lesson has not been lost on civiliza
tion, when Cervera. returning to his seat
in the Spanish Senate, proclaims the hu
manity of America, and suggests to Spain
that she benefit by our example, awaken
from her bondage to old limitations, and
follow the lead of American enterprise
and American institutions.
If I may say one word more concerning
the navy, I agree with the evident propo
sition that with the extension of our ter
ritory, the new duties that are on us and
the now enlarged importance of our sea
power, the increase in our naval force
should follow. But I am not one of those
who would have it extravagantly expand
ed, and I would prefer a reasonable in
crease commensurate with the increased
need. Too rapid a development will sureiy
lead to a reaction in the popular mind and
a tendency to the extreme, as happened
after the war of the Union. Nor must
we forget that the Increase of the army
and navy is necessarily attended with a
great increase in expenditure; therefore
in taxation; and in the zeal of the present
moment we may stand on the old funda
mental principle that under no circum
stances should this be a country where
the military arm is a burden Instead of
a defense, and the military arm must be
subservient by a long interval to the edu
cational and industrial.
If ever there was a man who loved his
country, a servant of the public whose
purpose was to do his duty and was guid
ed by a prayerful sense of accountability
to God and his fellow-men, it is President
McKinley. For two years I have stood at
the Cabinet table, and I recall not one in
stance when one word has been uttered
with regard to its effect or bearing on the
personal or political future of the Presi
dent or any member of his Cabinet, or of
the party of which he was the choice two
years ago. as to-day he is the choice of
all the people.
FOOD SUPPLIES
ALWAYS AMPLE
Gen. Carpenter Testifies
Regarding Camps.
! DELAY IN SECURING TENTS
SNOWSTOBM INTEBFEB£S WITH
THE WAE BOARD.
Inspection of Camp Frosee Suspended,
but the Taking ot Testi
mony Goes on
Steadily.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HUNTSVILLE, Fla., Oct. 26.— The
War Investigation Commission to-day
suspended the inspection of Camp Fro
see, owing to a mild snowstorm and
very muddy roads. The camp here is
a large one, with about fifteen subdi
visions of troops, to say nothing of the
hospitals.
The commission began the examina
tion of witnesses to-day with General
Louis H. Carpenter, who is in command
in General Wheeler's absence. He had
been at Chickamauga, Tampa and at
Fernandina before coming here. He
said the camp at Chickamauga was too
crowded. That at Tampa was unsatis
factory, but it was not intended to be
permanent. That at Fernandina was
ideal. The food supply had been ample
throughout, but quartermaster supplies
were generally slow and there had been
especial difficulty in securing tents.
There was more trouble in getting sup
plies at Tampa than anywhere else,
because of the railroad congestion.
Major Charles M. Gandy, the surgeon
who was in charge of the medical sup
ply depot at Tampa, said he had been
able to fill all reasonable requisitions
for medical supplies with promptness,
but many bulky articles for which sub
stitutes could be had were not supplied.
The regulars were easily satisfied, but
the volunteers were exacting. Still
there were delays. He mentioned one
instance of supplies ordered from New
York that were not received for two
months. He had fitted out the Shafter
expedition for Cuba and thought that
in the main the expedition was fairly
supplied. This was especially true of
the first requisition. Half of the sup
plies he had on hand had been packed
for Cuba, and he had afterward made
a supplemental shipment of two wagon
loads. He had afterward heard that
many of these stores came back to
Tampa in the hold of the Iroquois. He
gave the name of Captain Munson as
authority for this latter statement, and
he was sure Captain Munson would tes
tify willingly and fully.
PLANS FOR HELPING
"POOR L 0" TO REFORM
Legislation Becommended at the
Meeting of the American Mis
sionary Association.
CONCORD, N. H., Oct. 26.— The fifty
second annual meeting of the American
Missionary Association was continued to
day. The first address was delivered by
Rev. W. B. Thorpe of Binghamton, N.
V.. on "Chinese Missions."
Rev. W. H. Pond, D. D., of San Fran
cisco delivered a missionary address on
Chinese missions.
The report on Indian missions was pre
sented by Rev. J. C. Merrill of Portland,
Me. The committee presented resolutions
which were adopted, declaring that "we
believe no solution of the Indian question
can be reached until the present tribal
system be unrecognized. Government res
ervations abolished and the present ap
propriations for the material support of
the Indian discontinued.
"Recognizing that our Government
bears a friendly attitude toward the re
forms, we would recommend that a com
mittee be appointed to visit the President
of the United States, Secretary of the
Interior and others who have part in the
administration to urge immediate action
that the policy now theoretically held by
the Government shall be put Into execu
tion."
34
SOME OF THE THINGS JAJIES D. PHELAN HAS DONE.
He has advocated the reduction of lampligHters' salaries from $4O a month to $25 a month, and a reduo
tion of laborers' wages ±rom $2 a day to SI 5O a day. . . o ari , r r^r\&
He "oolonized" five Supervisorial candidates because he could not get an honest" Democrat in any onw
of the five -wards into which he transplanted his own nominees. w -.
He went into Msirin County to get an "honest" Democrat to become one of his Oommittee ot une
dred, whioli is now the autocratic governing body of the party in this city.
Hie "hefted" the coin in the Oity Treasury, thereby permitting the theft of more than $lie,C inib
amount something more than $16,000 has never been recovered. = - -
TAX COLLECTOR JAMES N. BLOCK
jnLlll/ III*J 111^ Will/ rtU rx £11^1 VlHTll^H |
- - ..-■•■■» ■■ ■ . •■*'■■ . . '
He Draws Thousands of Dollars
for a Fraudulent Mili=
tary Roll.
Used the Names of Ex=
empts, Dead Men and
Cripples to Swell Bis
Receipts.
During the present year and during
past years Tax Collector James N.
Block has drawn thousands of dollars
from the public treasury to which he
was not entitled by law.
Tax Collector James N. Block wants i
to succeed himself, and as a necessary j
preliminary he has secured the nor- j
ination for the office which he now
holds at the hands of James D. Phelan
and his Committee of One Hundred
Job-chasers. As a nominee he is being
held up by the Mayor as a model of j
purity and a man in whom the public
can repose the most implicit confi
dence.
For the benefit of those voters and
taxpayers who may be deluded by the
fulsome promises and ready tongue of
the "hefting" Mayor a plain relation of
facts concerning the way in which Tax
Collector James N. Block has trans
ferred from the public treasury to his
own pocket thousands of dollars to
which he was not lustly entitled and
has imposed upon the taxpayers of this
city heavy burdens that he might en
rich personal henchmen and thus repay
political obligations is here set forth
in as brief and concise a manner as is
consistent with a full understanding of
the facts.
The Tax Collector is by law (sections
1895 and 1897 of the Political Code)
charged with the duty of annually en
rolling every able-bodied male inhabi- i
tant of this city and county, except
MongMians and Indians, between the
ages of 18 and 45, not exempt by law
from military duty, and his compensa
tion is fixed by section 1901 of the same
code at the rate of 5o for each 100
names of persons returned by him as
subject to military duty. In other
•words, he is required to prepare a list
of the names of all men resident in
this city and county who are subject
under the law to military duty. For
performing this labor he receives 5
cents for every name so enrolled.
In addition to the above exemptions
the following are not subject to en
rollment:
1. Ministers of religion.
2. Civil and military officers of the
United States.
S. Officers of foreign governments.
4. Civil officers of the State of Cali
fornia,
5 All persons exempted from military
duty by the laws of the United States.
Various penalties are prescribed for
neglect or refusal of the Tax Collector
to make proper returns.
Instead of ascertaining by a house
to-house canvass, as the law clearly
directs, and as is done by the Federal
Government in taking the census as
■well as by the school department of
this city and county, this model Tax
Collector simply takes the various pre
cinct registers copies the names alpha
betically by Assembly districts and
then makes oath before the clerk of
the Board of Supervisors to the correct
ness of the roll.
And, wonderful to relate, he has used
the same precinct registers for two
successive years; that is, he made up
the roll for 1897 and 1898 from the regis
ters of 1896, owing to the fact that the
registers are only made up biennially
and whenever an election is about to
be held. The fact that hundreds have
died in the meantime, that other hun
dreds have gone to Cuba, Porto Rico,
Manila, to the Klondike and to the
Eastern States, and that several thous
and of citizens otherwise subject to
military duty usually refrain from
placing their names upon the precinct
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the exaretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people u»e it
registers makes no difference to this
model of municipal virtue. And since
the registers only contain the names of
those who have arrived at the age of
21, how are the United States officers
who are charged with the duty of en
rolling all persons who may from time
to time arrive at the age of IS years,
and who being of the age of IS years
are subject to military duty, to tell from
the original roll furnished them by the
State authorities when the roll of this
city and county does not contain the
name of a single person below the age
of 21 years?
Section 1627 of the Revised Statutes
or' the United States makes it the duty
of the enrolling officers to serve notices
upon those whose names appear upon
the roll, but the Tax Collector, in his
eagerness to grasp the 5-cent pieces, has
failed to give the addresses of no less
than Sl2l of the 46,290 persons whose
names he copied from obsolete regis
ters, making the roll practically useless
so far as the above number is con
cerned.
Compiled by Assembly districts the
missing addresses are as follows:
Twenty-eighth .... 260 Thirty-seventh .... SO9
Twenty-ninth 316 Thirty-eighth 806
Thirtieth 600 Thirty-ninth 761
Thirty-first 57.' Fortieth (S2
Thirty-second 457 Forty-first 420
Thirty-third 37k Forty-second
Thlrty-tourth 747 Forty-third 335
Thirty-filth 375 i Forty-fourth
Thirty-sixth «&> | Forty -fifth ru
Total ltUll tUI
For performing this part of the sworn
duties of his ottice in a slipshod, per
functory and illegal manner he obtained
from the city and county treasury in
l&yT the sum of 52311 15 and in 1598 the
Bum of 52318 25. The roll as it stands
is written up by the clerks and depu
ties of the Collector, who receive no ex
tra compensation for their services,
while he, who performs absolutely no
part of the duty he is charged with by
law, puts the entire amount in his ca
pacious pocket. It is charged that dur
ing the first year of his incumbency,
to wit, the year of 1593, he got several
of his personal appointees in the office
to make oath to tho fact that they had
performed the duty set forth in the
law, but that they received none of the
compensation. Since then he has grown
very much bolder. He presents only
one demand at the treasury now, al
though the work is generally done br
others.
The meanest part of this annual com
edy, which partakes so largely of fraud
that the attention of the Board of Su
pervisors and of the Grand Jury is re
spectfully called to it, is yet to come.
As heretofore stated there are a large
number of persons exempted by the
laws of the State of California and of
the United States, but this greedy and
avaricious reformer stops at nothing
while collecting his nickels. To him all
coons look alike. He spares neither the
lame, the blind, the halt, the leprous,
nor those who are about to cross the
river, and he even demands his pound
of flesh from those who have- gone to
the undiscovered country from whose
bourne no traveler returns. And all
in the glorious cause of reform, as ex
emplified by Jimmy the Hefter, the new
Boss in the Silk Hat.
Though Mongolians are exempt by
law the Tax Collector will have his
nickel for every one of the following,
residing in the Forty-third District:
Tong Low, 1025 Dupont street; Gay
Poon, 730 Jackson street; Gun Ney, &14
Stout's alley; Geit Long, 10 Brenham
place; Fouk Wong, 12 Bartlett alley;
Fook Wong (No. 2), 706 Sacramento
street; Ho War Tong, 1111 Stockton
street; Hoy Lee, 1114 Stockton street;
Jne Lee To, 1016 Stockton street; Kirn
Lee, 936 Dupcnt street; Yon Wong Ding,
1005 Stockton street; Yon Lav Yuen, 18
Prospect place; Yon Kong, 807 Dupont
street; Chee Lee, 1114 Stockton street;
Ching Ling, 59 Spofford alley.
Next have been selected a few of
those who are beyond the statutory
limit of 45 years:
A. A. Louderback, 66 years; G. C.
Landis, 59; James Conlin, 64; A. L.
Lengfeld, 48; Wiliam Rotrosky, 46.
Here follows a list of United States
officials exempt by law:
Alfred Tunstall Spotts, Nathan Selig,
John McCabe, P. J. Donnelly, John A.
Degan and Charles S. Arms, employes
at the United States Mint; Bert Schles
inger, United States Assistant District
Attorney ; Richard P. Doolan, United
States Assistant Appraiser when roll
was made up; D. Q. Troy, United
States Postofflce; Theodore J. Wram
pelmeier, United States Revenue Of
fice.
Next is found an Associate Supreme
Justice, Charles Henry Garoutte, 46
years of age, and the following named
Superior Judges: William Raymond
Daingerfield, James C. B. Hebbard,
Carroll Cook, Rhodes Borden, 47 years
of a;re; Edward A. Belcher, Frank H.
Dunne.
To accompany the Judges there is
Walter Scott Hlnkle, Assistant District
Attorney; also an official stenographer
in the person of Francis Cornelius
Drew.
Of Justices of the Peace there are
two: Frank H. Kerrigan and John
Augustus Carroll.
For a change* there appear on the roll
the names of such well known State of
ficers as P. J. Harney and Rudolph
Herold, State Harbor Commissioners;
Alexander Tecumseh Vogelsang, State
Fish Commissioner; Andrew Jackson
Clunie, State Insurance Commissioner.
Next is found the name of no less a
personage than the Hon. James Duval
Phelan, known as the "Hefting
Mayor," and the following named Su
pervisors, constituting a quorum in the
camp in the event of a draft: Thomas
H. Hasklns, Patrick M. Delany, John
Henry Sheehan, James Edward Britt,
Edward Joseph Smith, Thomas Waral
Rivers, John C. Lackmann, and the fol
lowing clerks of the board: Henry
Clay Farquhareen, Thomas Bernard
McGlnnis, Patrick Henry McKenna,
Charles E. Parent. James C. Tomalty..
THE SAIST FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1898.
and the sergeant at arms, Henry Peter
Giannini, to preserve order.
From the School Department Mr.
Block has collected 5 cents each for the
names of Reginald F. Webster, Wil
liam A. Derham, Samuel Levy Waller,
Edward Joseph Gallagher (not of the
clan), Dr. Dennis Francis Ragan, Ed
win L. Head, Thomas A. Burns, Charles
Augustus Bantel — just a quorum to
transact business at the front.
Every department of the city govern
ment has been called upon to furnish
its quota of names, the owners of
which are exempt from military duty,
In order that the bank account of the
Tax Collector may be swelled without
expense to himself. The Police Courts,
the County Clerk's office, the Auditor's
office, the License Collector's office, the
Sheriff's office, the Coroner's office, the
State employes on the water front,
members of the Fire Department, the
Board of Health— in fact, every de
partment and every exempt class has
furnished names, each one of which
has netted Tax Collector Block just a
nickel apiece, the same being paid out
of the funds of the State treasury and
into the private bank account of Mr.
Block.
Actual and physical disability counts
for nothing with this greedy reformer,
law or no law. Herman Enkle, a dep
uty in Mr. Block's office, is physically
disqualified and he is 47 years of age,
yet he is on the roll. Every one in the
City Hall and many out of it know
that Louis Metzger is utterly disquali
fied, by reason of the loss of his eye
sight, yet he is on the roll from the
Forty-third Assembly District. Even
Augustus C. Widber, at present an in
voluntary guest at the Municipal Ho
tel, has not been forgotten by this
thrifty reformer, who spares neither
age nor condition.
Next we encounter a heavy contin
gent of hostlers, stable boys and
touts from the Ingleside racetrack, but
as their names are legion, and many of
them have long since left the city, it
is unnecessary to name them.
The Almshouse, dedicated by a gen
erous municipality to the use of those
who know nothing of hefting Mayors
and silk-hat bosses, has been laid un
der contribution by the Tax Collector.
At that place he has enrolled not only
Dr. William Edward Conlan, the phy
sician who has the care of the poor
unfortunates, but seven other employes
of the house as well, and he has even
laid his Shylock hands uwn the per
son of a poor blind broom-maker
named Michael Robert Emmet Coogan,
and told him to get ready for military
duty.
Not satisfied with having laid under
tribute the lame and the blind and the
halt and the leprous and the misshapen
and the sorely afflicted and the aged
and infirm, this valiant reformer in
quest of nickels has opened 'the pon
derous and marble jaws of death,
and with sacrilegious hands has torn
from their several places of sepulcher
those who were supposed to be safe
from even such "natural-born reach
ers" as Mr. Block. From the mortuary
records on file in the office of the Re
corder of this city and county appear
the following names, which also appear
on the Tax Collector's military roll:
Henry A. Hagedorn, William T. Dan
iels Dennis Crovvley, Ulysses Grant
Meehan, Thomas E. Godkin. Stephen
Truax and Thomas Sarsfield O Connell.
How many hundreds more of a like na
ture are hidden among the 46,000 names
time and a very searching investiga
tion alone will reveal.
The Collector is by law allowed five
deputies, who receive in the aggregate
the sum of 5850 per month, and such
extra assistance as the Board of Su
pervisors allow him from time to time.
When taxes are not due and payable
there is little to do. During almost
six months of the twelve the numerous
extra clerks find time hanging very
heavy upon their hands. In conse
quence whereof they are driven to do
politics in the corridors, to square a
case in the Police Courts occasionally,
to listen to arguments in the Superior
Courts and to attend the races when
racing is in season. Mr. Block of
course knows nothing of this scandal
ous state of affairs, for he does not re
main long enough in his office to ac
quaint himself with the facts. Urgent
necessity requires that he should give
at least four hours every day— from 11
a. m. to 3p. m.— to his Insurance busi
ness, in order to swell his bank ac
count and increase his income from the
tax office now amounting to 5500 a
month. When it is considered that in
addition to this comfortable amount,
part of it drawn illegally from the
treasury for imposing a fraudulent mil
itary roll upon the authorities, Mr.
Block has in his employ three near rel
atives who draw the additional sum of
$4200 from the municipal strong box for
doing little or nothing, it will be seen
that as a reformer he Is a howling suc
cess. The reports of the Tax Collector
on file in the office of the Auditor show
a remarkable state of affairs. Here is
a sample:
Taxes collected during July. IK9B $367 65
Taxes collected during August. IK9S 212 33
Taxes collected during September, 1898.. 323 10
Total J902 98
Salaries for 28 employes for July $3,150 00
Salaries for 28 employes for August..... 3,150 00
Salaries for 26 employes for September.. 2,950 00
Total *9.250 00
This is exclusive of the Collector's
Balary, which adds another $1000 for
three months. In other words, it has
cost the city more than $10 for every
dollar collected during the past three
months.
South Park Republicans.
The South Park Taxpayers' Republican
Club held an enthusiastic meeting Tuesday
night at 211 Third street. Speeches were
made by Bernard Cappel, indorsing
Charles L. Patton, for Mayor, and Julius
Kahn, for Congress; and Joseph M. Ellen
brook, indorsing Dr. H. E. Gedge for
School Director. As the old quarters of
the club at 211 Third street ha.ye been
found too small to accommodate the large
audiences more commodious quarters
have been engaged at 638 Folsom street,
where the next meeting will be held to
night. _
Harbor Republican Club.
The Harbor Republican Club, Captain
W. G. Leale president, will hold its usual
■weekly "smoker and jinks" this evening
at Pastenes Hall, 325 Davis street. Ju
lius Kahn will deliver a short address on
the Issues of the day and Hon. C. L. Pat
ton will talk upon municipal issues. The
programme committee has arranged an
interesting entertainment for the meet
ing in the way of music and speaking.
OLD SOLDIERS ARE
LOYAL TO THE FLAG
ROUSING MEETING AND CAMP
FIRE IN SARATOGA HALL.
The Democratic United States Attor
ney Says the Democratic Party
Does Not Exist Here.
The Army and Navy Republican League,
composed of veterans and Bons of veter
ans of the civil war, had a grand rally
and campflre at Saratoga Hall last night.
After the speaking, in which nearly all
the candidates on the municipal tickets
took part, several hundred invited guests
sat down to the camprire, where many
good things were eaten to keep company
with the many good things that had been
said.
Colonel T. C. Masteller of the City Cora
paign Committee called the meetinfi- to
order and introduced as chairman of the
meeting Colonel M. S. Blackburn of Le
land Stanford Camp, Army and Navy
League, which camp numbers 857 mem
bers.
Colonel Blackburn, after expressing
thanks for the honor, Introduced Colonel
Curry, chairman of the campaign com
mittee.
Colonel Curry aroused the enthusiasm
of his hearers at the very outset ot his
remarks. He began by saying that this
was a pretty good year to be an American,
and a better year to be a .Republican
American. The late crushing defeat of
Spain by the valor of American arms
was touched upon by the speaker, lhe
war was the offspring of the desire of
the people of the United States to right
a cruc-1 wrong, to rescue a country from
tyranny and to declare that the red and
yellow flag of Spain Is the emblem of
superstition, ignorance and tyranny.
Messrs. Gage and Xeff, the candidates
for Governor and Lieutenant Governor
on the Republican ticket, were mentioned
and their names were greeted with a
spontanous outburst of applause.
"We have the enemy on the run," said
the speaker, "and we are going to win.
From all over the State the most cheer
ing advices come to us, from the north,
the south, the east and the west. We, in
our turn, wish to show the interior of the
State that we all are alive and ready to
do our work, and to roll up a big round
majority for the .Republican ticket."
John B. Carson, Republican candidate
for Superior Judge, made a brief speech,
prefaced by the statement that etiquette
among the candidates for the Superior
Judgeship forbade a discussion of politi
cal Questions, but did not prohibit him
from asking his hearers to vote the
straight Republican ticket. He expressed
the hope that on election day the Re
publicans of the State of California and
of the city and county of San Francisco
would show that they admired and ap
proved of the acts of that sterling old
soldier, President McKlnley. The speaker
added that he had never held political of
fice although he had had the honor of
being a delegate to the -Republican State
convention. He was proud of that honor
and proud also of the fact that from the
time he first knew how to -discus? a politi
cal question he had been a Republican.
He had been a resident of San Francisco
since I< S 56, when he was but one year
old, and he had been continuously en
gaged in the practice of the law for twen
ty-two years. The only record that he
had was his personal reputation.
Comrade H. T. Smith followed with a
ringing, soldierly address. "In the war
with Spain," he said, "we have been
fighting for the highest type Of civilization
on earth, and on the sands of Cuba where
murder had run rife for years. 1 am
proud and we all are proud that President
McKinley was careful about going into
war. But we were so eager to pitch in
and -vwhip Spain that we criticized him
harshly.
The speaker closed by urging his hear
ers to do all in their power to support me
administration of President McKinley by
rolling up a Republican majority in this
State.
Julius Kahn, candidate for Congress
from the Fourth District, was received
with hearty cheering, and made a stirring
speech. In which he showed the necessity
of supporting the President and the ad
ministration that had gained for tne
United States so much valuable territory
in the late war with Spain.
Henry S. Foote, United States Attorney
for the Northern District of California,
an appointee of ex-President Cleveland
was introduced as the next speaker, and
was received by the veterans with a burst
of hearty applause. It was the first time
that the well-known brother of W. W.
Foote had ever addressed a Republican
meeting in harmony with its principles.
and he seemed to be proud of it, as he
ought to be. Mr. Foote said that he was
not making an address from the platform
of any political party.
"The party to which T once belonged—
the Democratic party"— he said, "no
longer exists in the State of California
He desired, he said, to stand up for that
man who represented all that is true and
patriotic in this country Knd that man
was William McKinley, President of the
United States.
Speeches were also made by Cnarles F.
Curry, A. B. Treadwell. Henry S. Mar
tin H. N. Clement, Charles L. Patton, R.
H. Webster, William A. Deane, Judge
D. J. Murphy and others.
' The hall was crowded and the greatest
enthusiasm prevailed.
FOR GAGE AND NEFF.
University Students Prepare for the
Beception Saturday Night.
The Students' Republican clubs of the
University of California and the Leland
Stanford Jr. University are completing
arrangements for the immense meeting
to be held under their Joint auspices at
Woodward's Pavilion on Saturday even
ing, October 29. The programme con
tains the names of many student speak
ers, and is intersnersed with music and
glee club selections by quartets from
both of the institutions of learing. Hon.
William R. Davis, U. C. '74, has been
selected to act as chairman of the even
ing and will deliver an introductory ad
dress. The address of welcome will be
given by Professor C. A. Duniway of
Stanford University. The reception to
Hon. Henry T. Gage will follow the
speech by General Barnes, and lastly the
quartet will sing "America" and the band
play "Home, Sweet Home."
The officers of the University of Cali
fornia Gage Club are: President, John A.
McGee; vice president H. A. Linscott;
treasurer, R. W. Meyers; secretary, T. H.
Emerson; committee of arrangements—
H. A. Linscott (chairman), A. L. Hart, J.
A. McGee and J. V. de Laveaga. Officers
of the Stanford University Gage Club are:
President, S. G. Bailie: vice president,
Jerry Rusk; treasurer, B. E. Page; eecre
tarv. Frank Adams; committee of ar
rangements—A. B. West (chairman). J. H.
Coverly S. G. Bailie and O. C. Lieter.
DENOUNCED THE EXAMINER.
| Franklin X. Lane Says Hard Things
About the Third-Street Organ.
The Maguire Club held a mass meeting
In Powers Hall, corner of Turk and
Pierce streets, last evening. A large del
egation of the party candidates were
seated upon the platform, and each, after
having made his little talk, slipped along
the line to address some other expectant
audience. Among the first introduced by
the chairman, Hugo Asher, was F. K.
Lane. This gentleman does not appreci
ate the ilazoned whoop of the yellow
i Third street organ, and told the audience
i so. He avers that instead of trying to
The fetwdmUe >^ *? on cv ? r^'? rra^ 8r
rignatuxe of - (£^9§f/^&^ * CASTOEIA.
MAYOR PHELAN'S ESTIMATE OF THE
WORTH OF LOCAL DEMOCRATS
IMPORTED A RESIDENT OF MARIN COUNTY TO ASSIST HIM IN
NAMING HIS CANDIDATES.
James D. Phelan, autocrat of the San Francisco Democracy, has even a poorer opinion of the ho "^^ a "^
purity of the members of his party than was heretofore supposed. Mr. Phelan haa been generally credifefl with
having fixed the limit ofVeputable Democrats in this city at 100. that being the number he admitted to his
executive council and afterward increased their powers and allowed them to become his municipal nowaating
convention. . .
But this is a mistake. Mayor Phelan could only find ninety-nine Democrats in San Francisco on whom ne
could depend to carry out his -reat reform ideas; ha was compelled to go to Sausalito for his hundredth reform
er. Mayor Phelan, political purist and autocrat of the Democracy, not alone colonized his candidates for Super
visor, but he also "packed" his committee convention.
Michael H. Hernan is the importation from the English colony across the bay. Mr. Hernan is a worthy
citizen— of Sausalito— a reputable lawyer, with an office at 402 Montgomery street, and a member of Phelan's
convention of 100 That there can be no doubt as to his residence. The Call reproduces his certificate of registra
tion issued to him by the Marin County Assessor and sworn to by himself on April 7, 1898. There is no mistak
ing Mr. Hernan's residence. The latest San Francisco directory gives it as Sausalito, and he is to-day a bona
flde resid nt of that delightful little English colony. .
And Mr. Phelan, unable to find 100 Democrats in this city of his own lofty ideas of political purity, has found
it necessary to import a Democrat from an adjacent county to take a hand in the purification pf his party In
San Francisco. Truly, Mr. Phelan's opinion of the moral worth of the great body of men he ask 3to support him
is not high.
Christopher A. Buckley, in the days when he carried the Democracy of San Francisco in his pocket, perpe
trated many outrages upon political decency, but Christopher A. Buckley never offered such an affront to his fol
lowers as has his successor, James D. Phelan. Mr. Buckley could always find hundreds of Democrats on whom he
could place every dependence to carry out his plans without going outside of the city; Mr. Phelan has so little
confidence in the Democracy that he cannot pick even 100 local party adherents on whom he can rely, but must
needs go abroad to find competent councilors.
Only ninety-nine Democrats in San Francisco whom Mayor James D. Phelan considers worthy of his con
fidence The remaining thousands are branded by this i.:odern Caesar as utterly lacking in honesty of purpose,
or as incompetents totally unfitted to be given a voice in their party affairs. But even as he brands them as
political outcasts he calls upon them to lick the hand that chides them and to continue him in power.
To Boss Phelan must be given all the doubtful credit there is in inaugurating the system of "packing"
municipal conventions with non-residents. A splendid reform system, surely, and one that speaks volumes of
the unworthy estimate that the greatest of reformers, Phelan, holds for the rank and file of his following.
A COF»Y OF* THE CERTIFICATE OF REGISTRATION.
♦If applicant is physically unable to mark ballot, state nature of disability in blank following asterisk.
prove Mr. Spreckels a forger it should
devote more of its attentions to the is
sues of the campaign, and that It was un
fortunate for Democracy that it did .not
do so. He then proceeded to lay Martin
Kellv on the griddle, but his audience was
not very appreciative on this matter.
Washington Dodge entered the hall
with a raft of maps, etc., and with the
assistance of a man who stood on a chair
explained alleged derelictions in the con
duct of the present Assessor. Dodge was
followed by Mayor Phelan, who spoke
briefly upon the material importance of
the new charter and the necessity of
electing the Democratic ticket from top
to bottom. _ _ _ ... _
Other speakers were: L. J. Byington,
Finley Cook. William N. Cannon, R. P.
Doolan, T. F. Bonnet, H. P. Andrews,
Barclay Henley, Lester Jacobs, T. F.
Bartlett. John A. Brown, James N.
Block, Dr. T. B. W. Leland, A. A Ca
vagnero, J. Deasy, Rhodes Boraen, James
Denman, Dr. Clinton and E. L. Fitz
gerald.
Sunnyside A. B. Treadwell Club.
There were bonfires and enthusiasm "on
the bridge" in the Sunnyside district Tues
day night, when the second meeting of the
A. B. Tfeadwell Club was held. If any
Democratic candidates had been in the
vicinity It would have been enough to
make them quit and join the army for
Gage Patton, Treadwell and "sincere
reformation" in politics. A speakers"
stand had been erected on the slope near
the bridge which connects the short road
from Mission street to Ocean View, and
it was gayly decorated for the occasion
with Japanese lanterns.
John Barrett, an old-time resident of
the Sunnyside district, presided, and after
paying a graceful tribute to the wo>th of
the Republican nominees on the State
and local tickets introduced Judge A. B.
Treadwell as one of the next Police
Judges of San Francisco. The reception
of Judge Treadwell showed that he was
not unknown. He deVivered a stirring
address, urging upon his hearers to fulfill
their duty to themselves by casting their
ballots for the entire Republican ticket.
After singing by the Treadwell quartet
Arthur Attridge, candidate for Supervisor
for the Eleventh Ward, made a few re-
m Martin F. Fragley, candidate for Su
perintendent of Streets; Edward H. Aigel
tinger, nominee for Supervisor from the
Twelfth Ward: James Johnson and sev
eral others also delivered brief addresses.
Real Estate Owners Meet.
The Real Estate Owners' Association
held another meeting Tuesday evening at
the office of A. M, Speck & Co. In the
Crocker building. In the absence of
President J. K. Prior I. Harris presided
and business was put through with a
Secretary Jeffreys reported that the
membership had increased to over 160.
and that he was keeping the rolls open
to aH who wished to sign at Speck &
Co.'s office.
\fter considerable discussion the asso
ciation decided to make noindorsements
and to keep out of politics during the
present election. A resolution was adopted
declaring against the holding of a consti
tutional convention, and President McKin
ley, it was decided, should be informed of
the association's desire that all of the
territory acquired by this country during
the late war should be retained.
A committee was appointed to wait up
on the Supervisors to protest for the as
sociation against the proposed garbage
contract, and an adjournment was taken
until Friday evening, when another
meeting will be held at the same place.
Tbe Finiay Cook Club.
At a meeting of the Finiay Cook Club
Tuesday evening the following gentlemen
were appointed as memoers of the execu
ADVERTlSEMENTS^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
i FEELS LIKE ANEW MAN 5
» * Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Makes §
b 7R a Remarkabk Cure in Two »
® iw^\ Months. »
& V'Uliy He filled his nerves with th XX
w ; X\\r\j£\. fire of life every night for two ££
w I&MC^>* 1 months, gradually building up his $
8 V us!>ijfi@r vitality. Every day he grew &
:^ •■'«- ">-3*qL stronger, and now he is full of <y
tt fr 4» /\ youth, full of energy, a strong and £
8 PJ*s&^l&A vigorous man. £
I -C^Pv^V' Kead What ße Says "•■■ i
-yfmik\ .V Vr nwdd n Dal lie SAYS • a
a :: ; • 'f RafcN'V ,v V » '•:•..-•• ■ a-
D yy' >^*V|/S!i ■■ V \JL. CHICO. Cai., \ _ „ - „
« V Jr >|yi \ V^ DR. S ANDES'— Dear Sir: Ove^ two **
C? , y^^ 'lli \ months , ago • I purchased one of your £$ -
>^ Tl X • XV \ Electric Belts. I have .-worn it' regularly ■ C 2
*■*; • li \ - ">Vv. since then, and it has cured me of vital W
£{ ll \ >c \ ;> weakness of three : years' ■ standing. ' It'-Q
w \\J ■ \\ \ has made me .as i well and strong as a -
>>* \\ 1 Vk V person, need be. Before purchasing tha a
«3 . : \i|. .: \.\ ' - Belt I -i was not "able, to : do. ■ much work. •>%
Cj • J I yl \ ■•-■•■'. Now I can do as much as any other man. ' "
W , __^^^\ - — — -v Vr^-^ You are at ■ liberty , to use this testimony Xk
fi : 'JmJ~ .' ' "•' "^Hm* X as you desire. Yours respectfully, ' w
" (^'.- —>_, ■ ' ->■ . ; .•: .- V JAMES WRIGHT. "
» ARE "YOU \A/E/\K-P §
« It is irrand to feel : strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are »
2 weak dT Sanden's Electric Belt will cure you It ; will make you «
•°• ° «trone-^t win steady your nerves and check all waste of power in „
» : Sv Sl day! It is a grand cur , for all weakness, whatever the *■»
» SusJ CaU a"d test this wonderful Belt.. See what > it ; : has. done for *>
2 othlrs- WO cures. Try Dr. Sanden's Electric ; Belt.- if you are »
ft weak. If you can't call, send for Dr. Sanden's famous ; book, •• Three o
0 Clisses of Men," which is free.- Call or write. to-day. Do; not put It off. "
a ) Address -. ■ ' ' ■_' I '. ' , ' " ."■ T\ *' ~V - -■. ' :" :~: ~ '?"
a r~>R AX. SANDEN, *~~ — ~' : -' -■ — , ' ■■ — — * S '
» VofKMk.t ttmt, Cem.r K.ara 7 . Su Frm.,,:,. HOT IN DRUB STORES. ; 'M
O toT'ai^h^'.rxSi A^le?e. m c : al S r l 2l 2M a M'.rt i .■-:i>t-.-.8.n«.»:. Kleotrto B. 2
«trWt Portland. Or.. 25J Washington ~«• n«Terr«oid In drug »tor«, «
a i «££t?' gS?i, v Colo.. 931 , Sixteenth : »tr««w cor by travellnt it»ti; only ; £ :
« ; DaTfai T« MS Mala street: Butte.' Moat-. w at our offle*; .«-
w iy_J*orth Main «tre«t. ... ' * — ■ _■. « W
tive committee to conduct the campaign:
Warren Oiney Jr., J. C. McKinstry, Don
zel Stoney. J. K. Mothtt and William A.
Magee. Encouraging reports were re
ceived from the different districts.
Bustling Republicans.
ALAMEOA, Oct. 26.— The Young Men's
Republican Club of the West End held
a lively meeting this evening at their
wigwam at the old Neptune Gardens.
Many of the county candidates wera
present and made brief addresses, which
were enthusiastically received. The vot
ers of the western end of the town turned
out in force and gave the candidates a
warm reception.JOHN P, IRISH
ON LATTER DAY
DEMOCRACY
Triangular Maguire
ism Repudiated.
SOUND MONEY AS AN ISSUE
WHY OLD-LINE DEMOCRATS
INDORSE REPUBLICANS.
The Disciple of Jefferson Points Out
the Impossible Union of the Op
position and Deplores Dem
ocratic Disaffection.
The Democracy of Thomas Jefferson,
the Democracy of history and of all
tim«>, Btood forth last evening at Met
ropolitan Temple to repudiate the de
vious Democracy of the present day
that has usurped the name but forgot
the principles of the old standard, and
m subject it to vivisection that the
half thousand people who had come to
hear might also see its abnormal Darts
and appendages.
Colonel John P. Irish appeared as the
disciple of this Democracy of the con
sistent ancients and his mission attain
ed its ccnsu.-imation.
bolonel Irish's speech was not a bid
COLONEL JOHN P. IRISH SCORES DECADENT DEMOCRATS.
f( r ballots. He did not lift his voice
for any candidate nor indulge in eu
logy. He was there to tell why the
rmocracy of old still clings to and
votes for the tenets of Its creed and
why the Democracy of Bryan and of
Maguire does not; why the votes of
rson'fl followers will be cast Re
publican and why the votes of the tri
angular union of which Maguire is the
temporary leader will be used as a club
to beat down the Influences and break
up revered institutions that have dem
onstrated their soundness in a hundred
years of life.
For the purpose of his antithesis Col
onel Irish held the financial problem
paramount and argued from it. Said
ho:
The advocates of sound money are the
friends of the people who earn wages and
who produce and buy and sell the neces
saries of life.
The statement is often made that gold
i«? the rich man's money, while silver is
: oor man's money. Ijhla is a country
of equal political and personal rights,
and it ha-s n«v«r been explained why,
under our Government, a poor man should
have poor money. As the law has but one
standard of right for all men, so for all
Is but one standard of money and
all men are entitled te the best. Espe
cially la it true of those men who are
il as poor, meaning thereby not the
indigent, but those who are still depend
ent on daily work for daily bread, and
whose toll is lightened by the prospect of
it. dependence to be won by thrift and
economy.
The monetary policy of a nation con
cerns all of its people. Its wafe-earners
have in that policy the greatest interest.
At the beginning of our Governnv-nt
this was perfectly understood by its
founders. When our people began to di
vide on party lines, under the leadership
respectively of Hamilton and Jefferson,
those two leaders and political philoso
phers were agreed upon one subject.
While they differed as to the extent to
v.-hich powr should be given to the peo
ple and were at war upon the construction
of tho Federal constitution, they both be
lieved and agTeed that money was to be
treated from a purely scientific stand
point, and that the principles governing
the selection and circulation of money, be
ing: derived from natural law. are fixed
and therefore cannot properly be made
the subject of party division and dispute.
There has arisen in California a com
bination of men, under various party
j frames, standing for an assault upon the
national standard of value. This com
bination demands the free coinage of sil
ver at the artificial ratio of 16 to 1, and
j also the issue of paper currency by the
Government, without stated limitation or
I redeemabllity. The same combination
exist?, in many States and its plans are
I urged with persistency and very remark-
I able energy. As long as it exists the ad
vocates of sound money must use pome
organization sufficiently' powerful to pro
tect our people by protecting the stan
dard of value, burihg the last adminis
tration President Cleveland, under cir
cumstances of peril and difficulty never
before surrounding a President in time of
I peace, maintained the sound standard of
value and successfully defended the na
tional honor and credit.
President McKinley has scrupulously
kept fnith with the people, and has not
only maintained the standard of value
and the public credit, but has done all
that lies in his office to promote further
legislation that will forever adjust our
financial troubles and give the country
that monetary stability which is the
foundation of all prosperity.
In our recent war of a hundred days,
men of all parties met in the ranks to ef
fect a common purpose. When it is ac
complished they divide again as to those
things they do not hold in common.
In the same sense the sound money men
combine upon a purpose of the highest
interest*, and when that issue reaches the
angle of repose, they will divide a^-ain.
What is money? It is a form of prop
erty having value and of such universal
desirability that it is exchangeable for all
other forms of property. When I speak
of money I mean a form of property that
has greater stability of value than any
other form, and is, therefore, the stand
ard of all values and the measure of the
medium of exchange. A check is not
money, nor is a draft, letter of credit or
bill of exchange or paper note. They
are titles to money only, and have no
value except as titles to that form of
property culled money. They are redeem
able In money.
Now what has Government to do with
that form of personal property called
money? It can only by statute confirm
the kind of property which is the natural
selection of the people.
Any man here who has property to sell
wants value for it. because it represents
vaJue to him. He wants that value in
such form that he can conveniently ex
change it for other values which he" may
desire. The GovernmT.t, fcr his con
venience takes Into its mints that kind of
property, brings it to a uniform quality
and puts on it a stamp which merely cer
tifies Its quality and quantity. It is then
returned to the owner who has earned
it, and pasaes from him to others who I
earn it by labor or take it in exchange
for oth^r values. Here is a $20 gold piece
from the United States Mint. The Gov
ernment eertint-s that it is $20, or 516
grains of tlif.t form of property called
gold. It passes for $20 only as long as it
I weigns 51»; grains. When it loses in
weight it passes for what its weight 1=
worth. Statute law has given it no value.
Its. value is derived solely from human
&fr S1 F e> T Wnen of full weight it is worth
$20 In London. Paris or St. Petersburg,
; in Stamboul. Teheran or far. Bombay.
Our fleets and our flag do -not follow it
,to make people take it. An act of Con
gres.s cannot follow it beyond our own
snores, but the natural law of value
originating in desire goes with it around
the world. Every dollar in silver and
paper issued by the laws of this republic
are made redeemable in it. and. therefore,
carry the same purchasing; power over
commodities. It is worth no more in a
rich man's purse than in a poor man's
palm. It is an honest standard and a
true measure of value, and, therefore the
national Democracy, standing for equal
ity of right and Justice to all men de
fends that standard.
I am here to-night because an advo
cate of the fusion in this State, speakinc
from this platform last week, said !t wan
the purpose of that f-ja-um to dri<e the
gold standard into the sea. He proposed
to do this by free coinage of silver at 16
to 1. and by the unlimited issue of irre
; deemable paper notes. The platforms
which propose this invoke the hallowed
j names of Jefferson and Jackson.
But Jefferson declared that th© ratio
' between gold and silver is a commercial
! matter entirely, determined by their re
. spective values in me market. In the
i market to-day sixteen ounces of silver are
! not worth an ounce in gold. It takes
about thirty-two ounces of silver to bay
one ounce in gold, so the Jeffersoniah
ratio would be 32 to -.
We point to the progress of the country
under the gold standard since l&tt; to the
i States founded. the fields tilled, the
homes built. In no other land on earth
do as many laborers sleep under their
own roofs. Nowhere else are their tables
as bountifully spread, their children as
well educated, their rights as safe in the
keeping of the law.
The fusion platform denies the right
of the laborer to make a contract for the
payment of his wages in gold. We stand
by that right, which is his only mean* to
protect himself against that decline in the
purchasing power of his wages which les
sens the food on his table and the fire
on his hearth.
Therefore we sHbmlt to misunderstand
ing and often abuse, believing: that those
who stand by the laws of nature and the
rights of the people are vindicated by
their motives.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27. 1898.
J, G, MAGUIRE
"ROASTED" By
E, F, PRESTON
Plain Facts Presented
to a Big Audience.
RECORDS THAT ENTANGLE
THE "THREE-T AILED MONKEY"
PARTY'S POSITION.
F. H. Short of Fresno Speaks of Hiß
Observations of San Francisco
Democratic Poli
tics.
Some time before the doors of Odd
Fellows' Hall -were opened last evening
a large crowd assembled to hear two
of the best-known Republican speakers
of the State. They were the Hon. E.
F. Preston and ex-Judge Frank H.
Short of Fresno. Their reception was
most pleasantly marked and the speak
ers were frequently interrupted by ap
plause.
One feature of the gathering was par
ticularly noticeable, and that was the
presence of a large number of men and
women whose gray hairs indicated that
they had witnessed many a political
campaign, yet as the addresses pro
gressed these aged listeners manifested
as much life and interest as the young
est present. Before the speakers were
introduced the Republican Girls' Quar
tet sang "America," and were rewarded
by two recalls. J. B. Stetson presided
over the gathering.
In introducing Mr. Preston the chair
man paid him the compliment of be
ing one of those workers in the causa
of the Republican party who never
seems to tire of enlightening the people
upon the principles that underlie and
form the very foundation of the organ
ization which stands for good govern
ment. Upon being presented Mr. Pres
ton called attention to the fact that he
was a little out of voice because of his
having stumped the larger part of the
State with the next Governor, Mr. Gage.
In his travels he has been surprised
that s*o many thousands are breaking
away from old traditions. The peo-ple
are alive to the issues of the day, the
issues that involve the happiness of the
homes and the prosperity of the Nation
and State. Of the old Republican party
he said it stands for one hundred cents
to one sound dollar, and no* that flimsy
currency that Herrmann, the magician,
draws from the air and drops into a
plug hat. It also stands for the Gov
ernment construction and ownership of
the Niearaguan canal and for the de
struction of the hydra-headed monster,
single tax.
Speaking of what James G f . Maguire
represents, the speaker said that this
gentleman was simply a figurehead of
a three-tailed monkey, to- wit: Popu
list, Single Tax and Free Silver.
Mr. Preston entertained the audience
by giving a few important features of
Judge Maguire's political life. For
eighteen days he worked as a journey
man blacksmith and resigned from
manual labor to enter politics, and has
never done a single days labor at the
forge since, thus spoiling a good work
man by becoming: a poor politician. The
causes of his resignation from the Su
perior bench, his desertion of the Demo
cratic party and his entrance upon the
work of propagating the principles of
single tax were also explained. Mr.
Maguire has stated, so said Mr. Pres
ton, that single tax Is not a factor in
this campaign, but facts show that the
Democratic candidate has been for
years and still is, a single taxer. He is
trying to force it down the people's
throats and his greatest effort is to con
vince the people that he is a Democrat.
The three-tailed monkey party is not
the Democratic party. Where, then,
the speaker asked, are the old, true
Democrats?
"In the ranks of the Republican
party," he explained.
Mr. Preston paid a few minutes' at
tention to Candidate Phelan and said:
"When a plug-hat boss raises his puny
voice and attacks the courts, in which
the whole people have the greatest con
fidence, I tell you that there is anarchy
in the air."
Coming back to Maguire he referred
to the Congressman's record at Wash
ington and said that the so-called "Lit
tle Giant" has had pages of Henry
George's and Herbert Spencer's works
printed in the Congressional Records
as his own speeches. These alleged
speeches were never made orally. They
were sent to the printer and later the
Records were sent to Mr. Maguire's
single-tax constituents to show them
what a great man the "Little Giant"
is. During the address the speaker took
special delight in quoting from the
speeches of Maguire, all the way from
Delaware to Metropolitan Hall. He
showed that Maguire has made so
many connecting statements and argu
ments that now he is hopelessly en
tangled in cords that he himself has
spun.
Considerable attention was paid to
Mr. Maguire's work against the rail
road and the facts presented showed
that he had nothing more to do with
the funding bill than every Democrat,
Populist and Republican in Washing
ton. Mr. Preston's closing remarks
were truly eloquent and caused a mani
festation of wild enthusiasm.
Chairman Stetson in a few happy re
marks made ex-Judge Short acquainted
with the San Francisco audience and
the man from Fresno was pleasantly
welcomed.
He made a decided hit In his opening
remarks by saying that he came up
here to study the initiative and refer
endum. He found that the initiative
consists of a committee Qf one hun
dred selected by a plug-hat boss, and
the referendum is the approval of the
candidates for office. His remarks
were full of wit, and the audience
showed its appreciation by frequent
applause. Coming down to sound ar
gument, the speaker discussed the.
funding bill, tariff, protection, money
and the anti-trust bill. He showed
that ail of these great measures and
reforms were advanced and carried out
by the Republican party. The Demo
crats, not having any of these subjects
to use as a campaign issue, have se
lected the railroad, which they assail
for the want of something better to
Jump upon. Some of the Democratic
Bpeakers have undertaken to cast slurs
upon the Republican administration, in
the matter of the late war, by discuss
ing the mistakes that have been made.
When the Americans, he said, won vic
tory after victory, the Democrats were
anxious to be credited with some share
in the hftnor.
Speaking upon the chances of success
of the Republican party, Judge Short
said that in the interior it is safe, and
victory is assured, and he hopes that
San Francisco will stand true to the
great interests of the people and the
State and show its approval of the Re
publican administration by electing the
ticitet Irom top to bottom, • J
COMMISSIONER
FITZGERALD
PLEADS GUILTY
Makes Open Confes
sion of Call Charges.
HE APPEALS FOR LENIENCY
"THINGS HAVE BEEN SAID OF
ME THAT I CANNOT DENY."
Casts Reputation to the Winds and
Appeals to Friendship to Carry
Him Through to Vie-
tory.
"I thank you from my
heart for the warmth of the
greeting that you have given
me- It means friendship, and
friendship and nothing else
will elect me now.
"Things have been said to
and of me — and things are
often said of vs — that I can
not deny.
''Upon friendship and the
love that man has for man I
must rely for victory."
The Democratic Central Club held its
regular meeting last evening at Py
thian Castle.
It was an unusual meeting as meet
ings go. For a short quarter hour it
was lifted from the sin-murked sphere
of politics to the plane of Holy Church
and Edward L. Fitzgerald stepped into
the confessional.
In plain words and without qualifica
tion he pleaded guilty to the incontro
vertible charges that have been made
against him by The Call, and threw
himself upon the mercies and sympa
thies of his friends in an appeal to see
him through to victory "for the sake
of that love that man hath for man."
Mr. Fitzgerald was not announced on
the evening's programme as one of
those who were to speak. He came un
heralded and of his own volition. It
had been much the usual meeting up
to his arrival. A number of speakers
had entertained the audience. Charles
Eidelman had confessed to being a
friend of Judge Maguire and told hu
morously how he and "Tarpey" had ex
hausted all of the available supply of
steam beer in discovering that Mr. Ma
guire would carry the Thirty-first Dis
trict. And he had been followed by
others.
Fitzgerald's arrival was announced
by the warm greeting to which he later
alluded. He was escorted to the speak
ers' stand by a half dozen of the most
enthusiastic of the audience.
"I thank you from my heart," said
he, "for the warmth of the greeting
that you have given me. It means
friendship; and friendship and nothing
else will' elect me now.
'"Things have been said to and of me —
and things are often said of vs — that I
cannot deny. Upon friendship and the
love that man has for man I must rely
for victory.
"I am in a predicament that no other
nominee has found himself in. and I
want to say to you now that only such
friendship as you have shown me to
night will make my election possible."
The door of the confessional slammed
behind Mr. Fitzgerald at this point, and
for the balance of his speech he dealt
in what is technically known as flit
tering generalities. He laid bouauets
upon the altar of this new-found love
that constitutes his last resort and
tossed others at the chairman and
most of the members of the club. If
friendship was to take reputation's
place as an inducement to election
Fitzgerald did not intend to let any of
it get away.
There was nothing more of a sensa
tional nature to characterize the even
ing. Walter Gallagher and P. B. Mc-
Carty addressed the audience at length
upon the issues of the campaign and
were loudly applauded. McCarty spoke
in defense of Fitzgerald and pointed
out that his friend is sadly handi
capped in his race for honors, and he
urged that for the honor of the party
the "boys stand by and see him
through."
REPUBLICANS RALLY.
A Rousing- Reception Accorded to the
Nominees of the Popular Party.
It was a rousing rally, that at Mangel's
Hall on Twenty-fourth and Folsom
streets last night, where the Republicans
met under the auspices of the Twenty
third and Thirty-tifth Assembly districts.
The hall was, as is usual with all Repub
lican meetings, crowded to the doors long
before the hour set apart for the arrival
of the speakers. Captain George A.
Raabe, an old and stanch Republican,
had the honor of presiding at the meeting.
Without any loss of time or evidence of
a desire to hear himself speak he intro
duced Judge C. A. Low as the first speak
er of the evning. The Judge made a few
remarks and gave way to Attorney A. P.
Black, who appeared for the Republican
nominees for the Supreme bench. Mr.
Black is the escort and introducer of thii
Ladies' Quartet, as also their accompanist
on the cornet. The ladies who favor the
party nominees are: Ellen Coursen-
Roeckel, Miss Elena Roeckel, Mrs. H.
Lewis and Miss May Maybie. They were
well received and sang their campaign se
lections well. During the brief remarks by
Mr. Black, Charles L. Patton entered the
hall and was accorded a rousing recep
tion. He proceeded to the rostrum and
made one of his telling and vote-catching
short addresses; praising the Republican
platform and pointing out to his hearers
that clause that so forcibly comes home
to every man who hap to work by th-?
day. namely, that eight hours shall
constitute a day's labor and no less than
$2 shall be paid to any laborer. He said.
that if elected to the office of Mayor he
will give to the people as good a munici
pal government as is In his power to do.
He will count the people's money and see
that none of it is "hefted" away by a dis
honest Treasurer. No political boss or
corporation owns or controls him. Th_»
nomination for Mayor came to him with
out his seeking it. He favors the new
charter and will do all in his power to
see that it is ratified by the Legislature
whether he is elected or not.
11. N. Clement, nominee for Superior
Judge, made a short address. Hon W. F.
Fitzgerald, the present Attorney General,
met with a warm reception and delivered
one of his forcible short addresses. H:
spoke a kind word for all the nominees,
including the popular nominee for Rail
road Commissioner, C. S. Laumeister. D.
J. Murphy, nominee for District Attor
ney, has the faculty fit pieasing an audi
ence and winning its friendship before
he gets fairly started. His review of the
platform and the personnel of the nom
inees caught the voters to a certainty.
The everywhere popular Henry S. Martin
brought the house down, as the saying
goes, on his appearance in the body of
the hall. His reception on the platform
was one that any citizen might well feel
proud of. If men vote as they cheer,
Henry Martin will be the next Sheriff. A.
C Berthler, nominee for Recorder, has
no occasion to be jealous of any of his
companions m the race for office, as h
certainly met with a warm welcome from
the voters of the Mission. His address
was short and to the point.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin ste. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE . EMPOBITJM. V _ | THE ' EMPOBIITM.
}*¥¥*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥.¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
' S& Keady-to-Wear Clothing S£s^
Clothrng in every way equal to the work of exclusive
merchant tailors at one-third less than their prices, and fit posi-
tively guaranteed. We know that our clothing is right, because
we have done the biggest and most satisfactory business so far
this Fall that we have ever done. Indeed, so large have the
sales been, that it has *been . necessary to send our buyer to
New York, the. second time in this one season, to replenish the
stock, and we bought very heavily the time. Among the
exceptional values for this week are:
I**S^ *F°\ ~O /"^ MEN'S IMPORTED WORSTED AND CASSI-
W^l fm^ v\f| ■ MERE SUlTS— Guaranteed all wool— cut
%JA^ in the very height of fashion— finished in
"AVsjW CIW^S - /fsJr\ a first-class manner with the best of
\ \^^ /Li \^> I / v \ trimmings.
X iC^ +' V \ • Round cut single-breasted sacks.
/\. i^CVr^v V 1 Square cut double-breasted sacks.
/ ;^ — * _J / Cutaway frocks and Prince Alberts.
/GlI r\ I\\ i\V Compare them with those that you
L^_^|lJ[i : " I M |/ \\ 1 paid $18 and $20 for, and you'll agree
=5a 77J \A I! VV^Tr- with us that they are the best4?JK
111 1I A I \\\ suits that can be bought for vPIvJ
W I I I \\\ MEN'S KERSEY OVER- j~y
, f I I \ 1 \\ COATS — Kersey is to be SfiSp
1 I \ 1 \\\ • the leading overcoat fa- \V/
I —^ -— I/— \Ji \ll brie or another season. .^v^K.
J I ~^v 9=^^ /11 The coats that we offer \/\ :^fi \
3L-T ~^ =s^^i^>^i this week are real Ker- / JL [I ■
"^Sg^ =^^^"' sey — the firmly woven / /CVL'
smooth finished glossy Vnjyfi* --
boys' knee pants slits- j^ fabric so stylish and be- JO l^E
%)Mr f SiH! H coming to most men D y
breasted "mannish" coats— the /^fij^* tne y are cut in^hort and V
best-fitting boys' suit made— /x^K\\ medium lengths — have *yHFtt
materials absolutely all wool U ;f- o t\\ wide silk velvet collars I /
d^diffeien? l^ 6^^ H #C^ -lined with heavy triple I
brics— sizes for boys Bto *>m ATI warp Farmer s satin or / ■//
16 years *&3 Am fancy woolens and wor- . I |
boys' vestee and reefer SUITS— lyv=if steds. These guaranteed If
"Stunninz styles"— for.Jittle boys 3 to lV| <;?»M"<sfartorv r'oat<? I
8 years old-made of all-wool fancy /Uyl satisfactory coats ~ : Jj/LL
Cheviots and : Cassimeres— also in r(/Jnf\?M[ ,k\-^ _^. - >k--, Ul'^*^
Scndld 3^a{^.™!!~s3.4s\ \2P-H- $12.50 and $15. W
BY EXPRESS— buyer sends us from New York six styles of Sailor Suits and Reefer Coats that are absolutely
new and exclusive— some or the prettiest yet they are marked $5, $6.50 and $7.50.
frQjmes of the ten -winners tfifWHE B*iM|B^N^is!|^S|Si Iftiiß Satisfaction -wrapped up
in the $250 zvord estimating -. j£ :.; ttT 3*^H%gl in every bundle that leaves
contest in cur next Sunday's P^^^g^^,,^^^^. ff^yy\gftTr !e — lowest prices
advertisements. _ , cauf(/r/has largest— America s grahdest'store. for the best goods.
REPUDIATES
THE PRINCIPLES
OF FUSION
H. L. Loucks Returns
to Republicanism.
WAS A PROMINENT POPULIST
REFERS TO DEMOCRATS AS
"HUNGRY WOLVES."
Opinions of a Man Who Is Well
Known and Highly Respected
Throughout the United
States.
Nearly every Populist in California
knows or has heard of Hon. H. L.
Loucks of South Dakota. He was the
father of the Populist party in that
State, and for many years, through
poverty and abuse and universal de
nunciation, he stood by the principles
of the Omaha platform, and was
chairman of the National Convention
at Omaha, July 4, 1892. The Democrats
were unfitted to appreciate so great and
noble a nature, and so they used their
surplus energies in crushing him. They
have driven him back into his old
party He recently addressed a letter
to a Republican county convention, in
his home county, of which the following
is the substance:
After discussing the peculiar and un
usual political situation confronting the
voters and rehearsing the formation and
srrowth of the Populist party, Mr. Loucks
htttprlv denounced the Democratic party
and the system of fusion. The Populist
i>arty has become, he said, the victim of
place seeking by hungry Democratic
wolves Democrats had enacted a higher
tariff than the McKinley law. and had
given the country the existing gold pol
icy It was incapable of progress. In
the South it had debauched the ballot box
and in the North it seduced the reform
voters. The fusion party in South Da
kota had passed under the control of the
most perfect machine in the Northwest.
All other machines were as nothing. The
true midroaders could not be traded off
for office.
Of State issues Mr. Loucks said: "As
for free coinage of silver, it will be very
embarrassing to discuss it, and the fu
sionist speaker who attempts it at this
time has my sympathy.
"I have not a principle in common with
the Democratic party, as at present con
stituted " declared the writer, "and I
cannot follow my party into the unholy
union which has been consummated.
Prior to 1890 I claimed to be a Lincoln
Republican. I did not leave you because :
of any personal grievance or disappoint
ment 1 was not an office seeker, and
several times declined preferment offered
me. I have not the courage to build up
a second party, now that my original i
one has turned from Its course and been !
perverted to Democratic use; to remain
neutral is to be called an assistant Re
publican and to have my motives Im
pugned, which has been repeatedly done
by the chief organ of the Democratic
party of this State. I desire, therefore,
to align myself in this campaign with
the Republican party. The remedy for ;
private monopoly is public monopoly. I
believe in the protection of American in
dustries and Interests; -m free ballot and
fair count, and in the extension of Ameri
can interests and territory. Old Glory
when once raised must not be lowered.
1 cannot be charged with selfish motives.
When I left your party it had a major
ity in this State of 30,000; it is now in the
minority. I speak for myself only, but
I know there are several thousand of us
who will go with you."
GAGE AND NEFF TO
VISIT OAKLAND
BEPUBLICANS TO HAVE AN EN
THUSIASTIC TIME.
Supervisor Talcott Warmly Received
in His District — Deaf Mutes
Organize.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 26.
Ntxt Saturday evening will be notable
in the Aiameda County campaign because
on that occasion Hon. Henry T. Gage and
Hon. Jacob Nefl* will appear at the Ex
position building.
The meeting will be preceded by a pa
rade, and the Republican organizations
are preparing for a great political demon
stration. Every Republican club is in
vited to participate. The Army and Navy
League (Dewe*- Camp), Union League
Drill Corps of San Francisco. Republican
Alliance of Oakland, Young Men's Re
publican League Drill Corps and various
ward clubs have already signified their
intention of being in line. Marston Camp
bell has been appointed grand marshal of
the parade.
The Republican Alliance has arranged
for a Metcalf and Perkins meeting to be
held on November 5.
Next Friday evening the Oakland Al
liance will co to San Francisco to take
part in the parade prior to the meeting in
Metropolitan Temple. They will afterward
be the guests of the Union League Club
at a banquet.
A number of deaf-mutes have organized
a political club, and it is said to be the
first of its kind in the State. The meeting
was preliminary to the organization of a
State campaign club in San Francisco
next Saturday night. The addresses
made on the flnperr --«re to the effect
that the deaf-mutes should take as much
interest in politics as those who are more
fortunate.
The Union party held a meeting to
night at Germania Hall. The chief speech
was made by John R. Glascock.
A Republican rally was h*>id last night
in Supervisor Talcott's district, and he
was loudly cheered when he made a
speech..
■ ■ : ..';*' : ' - '.
FOB GOOD GOVERNMENT.
Prominent . Speakers to Address the
Meeting of the Independent
Municipal Club. -
- The Independent " Municipal ■• Club will
hold a mass meeting at the Odd Fellows'
Hall next v Monday night. The : , club ad
heres to no political party, but hangs out
its banner for the men who will contribute
their earnest and ' sincere efforts for mu
nicipal reform and 'good government. * Its
membership is composed of many of - the
best young men in the city, who are en
• thusiastic in the work ' they have under
i taken. The meeting will be a success and
will be « attended by many prominent
speakers r of the compaign: •■ Among those
who ' have : been invited are: Judge Mur
phy, F. K. Lane, Barclay Henley, .and
Judge Fitzgerald.. :
■ — ■
Phoenix Rspublican Club.
r ~- The Phoenix Republican * Social i Club of
j the Thirty-fourth » Assembly, District met
I Tuesday night at Finn's Hall at the corner
! of Thirteenth and Harrison streets. Philip
' Barmon presided and James E. Finn act
,ed' as secretary. ;, The i meeting - was * ad
dressed by; Edward Aigeltinger, candidate
i for Supervisor from the Twelfth Ward;
E. I. Sheehan_ and Mr. Burnett. v
I - ~ ■~- ' * - *"' —
For James ±£. 'Barry.
I The Printers' James H. Barry Club held
an enthusiastic meeting at Turn Verein
| Hall, 310 O'Farrell street, Tuesday evening.
and decided to hold a grand mass meet-
Ing at Metropolitan Temple on Saturday
evening next. Invitations will be issued
to all labor organizations to participate.
¥
WILL BE EVER LET GO!
Of what he has taken? If you think
( he will you don't know nim! And when
[ a man " has " found a laundry that will
■ turn his linen out in such perfect
beauty ■of color and exquisite finish as
• is done at the United States Laundry
1 you couldn't drive him away from it
' with a new ax! We are proud of our
. fine laundry work, and know that it la
) beyond : competition.
L The United States Laundry, office .
\ 1004 Market street Telephone
■ South 420. : .
Health is Wealth.
1 (■BBBH^HH'Mjjjg^g^Tß E ATM ENT
; DR. E. C. WEST'S
! NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
i v THE ORIGINAL ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is'soMundorVositiTO "Written Guarantee,
• by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
' Dizziness, Wake-fulness, Fits, Hysteria, Quick- .
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
donce,Norvonaness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errora, or Excessive) Use of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption.
Insanity and Death, vAt store or by mail, SI a
box; cix for $5; with j£aarantee»to
cure or refund money. Sample pack-
age, containing five days treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. Ore sample only Bold to
each person. . At or by mail. J mg ,^J:''
#&S§j&&rneA Label Spccial/^^^:
4k^^ : Extra Strength. hisiHad
tCjfned Label Loss oi^S*<r Wl
Extra Strength SB-Li
For Impotency, Ldls of«sjr '■flr W
z£&vlMp Power, Lost Manhood, ■^S»''",JJr> l "
Tg&ft"' Storility r or ; Barrenness.!, TTt"/^
■^«?V&»81 » box; 6ix for $5, with»Xv>W
eQjSfsvtwvltt&Tx enaraateeJj^o&V-
Sf^^s^*fe Atstcro,-^^
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agenu,
214 Kearny Bt. , •
WHEN YOU'
/^^^^^^S, Require' an ELEC-
S2^^^»™c BELT get "Dr.
7f W$M%Wt- Pierces" and you will
'.■ or*G3&rj*itfr ,' not he disappointed. :
*ye*^ = Call or address PIERCE
, ■;:;■■-; ; > } ELECTRIC CO., 6520
Market st. (o'pp. Palace Hotel). S. F. .
Q visit DB. JORDAN'S <*-*
■eiSm Buseusi of Anatomy
fSajsil ; * soc3tuaiTST.ttt.cui*7ti,!».ro»i. ■
mTS ■ \ The Us Had to World. ':
■' j^^V or. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IVWJ Cotwiltkilcn rre». Wriw for »o«k
$1 I of Marriage.
A S MAIICD MEK.
56
THURSDAY OCTOBER 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELs^Propneto^
Address Alt Communications to W. S. LEAK E, M yager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tr)is city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per montfc ;
66 cents.
THt WEEKLY CALL One year, by malt. 51.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftft* Hoom
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KHOGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open untl! 9:30 o'clock- 387 rjcyes st.-cci. open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o"ctock 615 Lcrkln street, open until 930 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 251 ft
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-*«c©r.d ana
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock.
• ic-lN'Tak
Bald-win— "•Prisoner of Zer.da."
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
Alcazar — 'May Blossom."
Mcrosco's — "Streets 'cf New York."
TVroli— "GircSe-GlrcSa."
Orr.htum — Vaudeville.
Comedy Theater — "Where's Matilda 7"
The Chutes — Lillian F. Smith, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Oiyirpla. corner ilascn and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Butro's Baths — Swimming.
Shensan-Ciay Hall— Entertainment This Evening.
Metropolitan Temple— Benefit This Evening.
Cushion Tea— At ZilS California, street, Saturday, Novem-
ber 5.
Rosenthal— Coming in December.
Oakland Race Track— Races, commencing Saturday, Octo-
ber -■
AUCTION SALES.
By H. J. Leutholtz— This flay. October 27, paintings at
California Hotel, at i and 7:30 p. m.
By Killip & Cc v — This day, October 27, Horses, at corner
of Van K«aa avenue and Market street, at 11 a. m.
UNTAMED DOG-CATCHERS.
THERE may be raised a question as to what
shall be done with the dog-catcher. Clearly
this creature is more dangerous to the commun
thc canine he pursues. Yet he is not only
:ited at large without muzzle or license tag, but
to bear weapons wherewith to subdue the decent citi
zen, and a star of anthdrity to intimidate such as do
not venture near enough to be struck with a club.
He has shown himself to be a nuisance, a menace
and a disagreeable spectacle.
Undoubtedly the instincts of a gentleman would
lead him to adopt some other calling than that of
nabbing dogs in a net. However, if a decent person
were to undertake the task he would refrain from
brutality, from insulting and assaulting any who
might stand on their rights. When a citizen owns a
dog and has paid the required fee for the privilege,
and then notes the catcher calmly disregarding the
presence of the tag and taking the dog as if it had
been a homeless and unloved mongrel, that citizen is
going to fight. He will not only put up as good a
fight as his physical capacity permits, but he will find
that he has the approval of conscience, of the ob
servers, probably of the courts — of everything and
everybody save the flea-bitten catchers themselves.
The dog-catcher is a necessary evil, but there is no
excuse for the aggravated form of him. H'* moral
average is too low. He seems to be a rumar, a cow
ard and a thief. Surely he could lay aside these
characteristics, or at least modify them, and still be
capable of performing the duties of his degraded
office.
TOO MUCH BLAINE.
JAMES G. BLAINE is a striking illustration of
the degeneracy which may be manifest in the
son of a distinguished sire. He seems to have
the faculty of attracting attention through the spec
tacular display of bad qualities. If he has good quali
ties, they havcfeeen kept in careful concealment. His
appointment to the army was a mistake, which the
army had a right to resent. He had been, as a
civilian, an abject failure, and there was no reason to
suppose that in military life he would be different.
The expected has happened, as occasionally it will,
and Blame goes out of the army, and, it is to be
hoped, into the obscurity which would best become
him.
The history of the Blame family is a sad one. The
father died when his heart had been torn by dis
appointment. The two sons in whom he had con
fidence and paternal pride, on whom he had learned
to lean, preceded him to the grave. There was left
James G. Blame Jr. Possibly the possession of an
honored name would have 'stimulated some men to
earnest endeavor, but not so with this young sprig.
He married a woman too good for him, neglected
and deserted her. He essayed newspaper life, and
demonstrated that all he had to commend him was the
repute of his father. Finally he received an appoint
ment which brought him to this city. Here he dis
graced himself. In the islands he acted the part of a
drunken boor, and he came back with fresh no
toriety.
Now the telegraph states that he will be dismissed
from the service. If the good of the service is being
considered, there seems no other course.
There could be no finer weather than San Fran
cisco is having. Most of the recent days have been
ideal Indian summer. The fact is peculiarly interest
ing when it is considered that the Middle West is
trying to dig itself out of the snow and wondering
whether or not it has been blown into the next
county.
Occasionally a Judge who has passed sentence on a
malefactor hears himself denounced and his character
painted in unlovely terms by the condemned. Hearst
has had sentence passed upon himself, and seems to
be even'as other criminals.
Spain clainjs the right to sell the cannon which she
has no longer the right to fire. Possibly a few can
non over which she does not exercise dominion will
be necessary in convincing her of error.
"Wholly smoke!" exclaimed an observant citizen,
noting the circulation of the Examiner through the
chimney of the garbage crematory-
Chaplain Mclntyre's sentence has been approved.
The gentleman talked himself out of the navy, but he
had lots of fun while doing it.
Expressed in the vulgar and yet lucid language of
the street, France seems to have come off the perch.
EXPOSURE OF HEfIRST NECESSARY.
THE CALL has met and fulfilled the duty of ex
pusing two pretenders. The first was the so
ciety pretender, Williams. The second was the
journalistic pretender, Hearst.
The newspaper situation in this city has been long
clouded and corrupted by Hearst. Legitimate jour
nalism has suffered by it, and the educating function
of the press, by which a sound public opinion is
guided, has been vastly injured by the frauds, fakes
aiid offenses of this pretender, Hearst.
We have now made his exposure complete. His
agreement to cease unfair and malicious treatment of
a corporation for a money consideration is now public
property. The fact that, having sold himself, he sat
down with Mr. Herrin and argued and insisted that
he had stayed bought; the ietter of his business man
ager complaining that the corporation had revealed
the secret agreement for the sale of Hearst to Irving
M. Scott, have been published. The case is complete.
If Hearst desire to judicially test that contract we
have offered him an open way. If he will bring suit
upon it against the Southern Pacific Railroad The
Call will pay any judgment he gets for the unpaid
balance of $8000.
It was treated ty him and the First National Bank
as a negotiable contract. It has not lost its ne
gotiable character. We enlarge our offer. If he will
assign it to The Call we will bring suit on it, and
bring the contract into court and secure a judicial
decision upon it. If it were a simple contract for ad
vertising, judgment upon it will demonstrate that fact
and Hearst will be vindicated.
The business and reading public now understand
fully that in no other way than by suit for the balance
due can Hearst prove that he did not agree to sell
his silence to the corporation for thirty months for
the sum of $30,000.
His fury and abuse will not distract attention from
this simple solution.
But Hearst will not bring suit for the balance due
him. He will stand pilloried and convicted with the
broken time-lock on his blackguardism in full view.
Society is safer from pretenders that Williams
was exposed in the nick of time. Business men are
safer that Hearst has been stripped of his pretenses
and proved a blackmailer. The people are benefited,
for their confidence in legitimate newspaper criti
cism is restored. They may feel now that an expo
sure of wrongdoing by corporations, individuals and
public officers is legitimate and honest, and not a
means by which blackmail can be extorted.
Exposure of Hearst's methods deters his journal
istic imitators, because intended victims of blackmail
know that The Call will defend them against it. Cor
porations will wr.lk more uprightly, for they cannot
silence legitimate criticism by purchase, and their
proper conduct will get the credit to which propriety
i? entitled, whether manifested by a corporation or an
individual.
The air has been cleared and will be further puri
fied when Hearst is driven out of the State, which is
just now too hot to hold him.
THE CONTEST IN THE FOURTH-
WHILE the Fourth Congressional District has
in times past been regarded as a Democratic
stronghold, there are ample reasons for be
lieving it will be redeemed this year, and that its
voters will send to Washington that stanch Repub
lican, Julius Kahn, to uphold the administration and
the great policies of protection and sound money on
which the prosperity of the country depends.
In that district, as everywhere else, Democracy has
been learning a good deal since the last election. The
gold men who bolted the Bryan movement are more
determined than ever to rid their party of the fiat
money cranks, and the great mass of Democratic
workingmen, seeing the benefits accruing to them
selves from the Republican tariff, are not likely to
vote for a man who would, if he could, break down
the tariff as well as the gold standard.
The Republicans of the district, on the other hand,
were never more united or more resolute than now.
They are aware they have the backing of conserva
tive Democrats and independents, and feel that they
are making a winning fight. All their meetings in
the district have been well attended, and the polling
of the full party vote is assured on election day.
Favorable as are the conditions in the district to
Republican success, it is not upon those conditions
only the party relies for success. The personality of
the candidate is a potent factor in the canvass. No
better man could have been chosen for the contest.
He has youth, energy, eloquence, earnestness, a
large experience in politics, a proven capacity for
legislative work, and is well fitted in every way to
carry to victory the Republican standard in a field
where Democracy has for a long time been supreme.
Julius Kahn was raised in Calaveras County, and at
the age of eight years came to this city, where he re
ceived his education in the public schools, being a
graduate of the Boys' High School in the class of
1878. In 1892 he was elected to the State Legisla
ture, and the election was a striking proof of his per
sonal force and popularity, as in that year but one
other Republican legislative candidate was elected
from this city.
The legislative record of Mr. Kahn shows him to
have been a hard-working, faithful, honest and effi
cient representative of the people. Even his political
opponents conceded, after a full review of the session,
that his services had been of great value to the city
and to the State. Among the bills with whose pas
sage he was prominently identified were those giving
residents of Richmond District drainage for their
sewer system; repealing the street extension com
mission, whereby the property-owners of the Potrero
and the Mission were saved thousands of dollars;
providing the naval battalion their first State appro
priation; requiring that in all street railway franchises
a provision be made giving letter-carriers the right to
ride free while in the discharge of their duties; ap
propriating $250,000 for the erection of the buildings
of the affiliated colleges, and requiring the sale of
public franchises to the highest bidder.
In his private life Mr. Kahn has proven his devo
tion to the general welfare as well as in his official
career. He is thoroughly representative of the pro
gressive element of the State. He can be counted on
at Washington to advance every interest of Califor
nia, and the people of the Fourth District will have
good reason to be proud of their Representative in
Congress.
Mrs. Botkin has more reason to congratulate her
self. She would not have been Queen of the Tanks
and Empress of all the Hoboes if she had been taken
back to Delaware.
If Colonel Berry will take a word of friendly ad
vice he will let go that Red Cross money, and do his
talking about it after he has a receipt.
If Aguinaldo really wants to visit Paris he should
wait for the exposition of 1000 and go as an exhibit.
Carpet-bagging and sandbagging need elimination
from politics.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27. 1898.
DEACON FITCH'S County Committee have is
sued a campaign paper called The Non-
Partisan, which, although bound to have only
a brief career, bids fair to become a. feature in the
journalism of San Francisco. The Deacon says his
sheet is to be devoted to "good government,' and
that it will appear three times before election day,
each issue being placed in the hands of every voter.
The Deacon has procured a list of the registered
voters from Registrar Biggy, and he will include
every name therein among his "constant readers" and
'"old subscribers."
The first issue of The Non-Partisan has a saluta
tory, editorials on the platform and the dollar limit,
an article with the ominous head, "Warning."' which
declares that unless the people look sharp the bosses,
boodlers and push will overwhelm them, and a long
list of the biographies of the Non-Partisan candi
dates.
There are also a few flip-flap editorial notes, writ
ten in the Deacon's best style, none of which are of
more than passing interest; but nowhere in his
paper does Mr. Fitch make any reference to the fact
that he and his party have become a tail to Mayor
Phelan's kite. In fact, the entire subject of Demo
cratic politics is ignored.
When he conducted the late lamented Bulletin the
Deacon was celebrated in controversy for the adroit
ness with which he closed up when cornered. He
was, in fact, throughout his newspaper career, known
in connection with certain subjects as the journalistic
oyster. Evidently he has adopted this policy in his
new venture. The people are panting to know the
details of the bargain by which the Non-Partisar.s
were sold to the Phelan machine. Why will not
Deacon Fitch discuss the subject? He can now en
tertain no fear of having his remarks garbled by an
inattentive or hostile reporter. He can make his ex
planation over his own signature in his own paper.
A review of the list of candidates published by
Deacon Fitch and indorsed by his paper shows that
out of fifty-three nominees only sixteen are Republi
cans. How could this partiality in favor of Demo
crats have been shown in a convention composed al
most entirely of Republicans, representing a voting
strength altogether Republican, unless a rank politi
cal bargain had been consummated? Deacon Fitch's
ticket contains but one Republican candidate for a
patronage office. The Sheriff, County Clerk. Super
intendent of Streets and the Board of Supervisors
have all been given by the Non-Partisans to the Dem
ocrats.
Is Deacon Fitch aware of the fact that every- Dem
ocrat on his ticket has promised to give his patronage
to Phelan, Fay, Popper, McNab and Braunhart, or
what Phelan calls the "organization"? Mr. Fitch is
an experienced political boss and he knows what
this means. Why will he not discuss it in the next
issue of The Non-Partisan? Does he think that in
aiding to build up a political machine with Phelan as
boss he is contributing to the cause of "good
government"?
These are important questions, and Mr. Fitch's
Non-Partisan constituents, before they are delivered
to the Phelan machine, want them answered.
WHERE THE BRITISH BEAT US.
A STRANGE contrast exists between the apathy
on the part of the American Government
toward merchant marine interests and the ac
tivity and energy displayed by the -British in building
up the merchant marine of their country. It seems
as if the British believe they can never do too much
to retain control of the sea in war and in commerce,
for they are lavish in their expenditures for the ad
vancement of both their navy and their trade ship
piny.
The present Parliament not only provided immense
sums for warships, but adopted a measure offering a
subsidy to ship-owners to take boys on their vessels
and train them for able seamen. It is stated that
this course was taken because the decline in the num
ber of sailors of British birth has of late years be
come serious. In the five years between 1891 and 1896
the number of native-born sailors on British ships de
creased 15 per cent, while the number of foreign-born
sailors increased 8 per cent.
It is estimated by the advocates of the bill that if
only half the number of ships that might take boys
for training will do so the result will be to add 8000
men annually to the merchant service, and incident
ally to the naval reserve force of the empire. Great
Britain will thus at a comparatively small outlay in
the way of subsidies convert a considerable part of her
merchant fleet into training schools from which
skilled seamen will graduate to man the commercial
shipping or the war vessels of the nation, according
to the needs of the time.
While the British are thus making every effort to
maintain a commerce which is almost at a standstill,
the United States, with a rapidly expanding foreign
trade, is doing nothing in the way of legislation to
provide a merchant marine for carrying it on. We
are paying a heavy tribute to foreign ship-owners and
are thus losing annually far greater sums than would
be required to advance both our merchant marine and
our ship-building industry.
There is a growing demand for American goods in
Europe, in South America and in Australia, and a
vast field for commerce awaits us in the Orient. The
great nations of Europe are alert and energetic in
their efforts to obtain the whole of this trade. They
understand the value of an adequate merchant marine
to all the industries of a people. They know it is use
less to manufacture goods unless some means is pro
vided for carrying them to the markets where they
can be sold. Moreover, they desire that the ships
which carry their goods shall fly their flag and be
manned by their sailors.
Surely with such rivals in the field it is time for
Congress to enact laws that will give the American
a chance to compete on equal terms with them for the
markets of the world.
So long as the Chinese highbinders intent upon
killing each other shoot straight there will be no par
ticular objection. They are not half so dangerous to
the community as the Democratic spell-binders.
If Spain did not so continually lose sight of the
fact that in the recent war she had the experience of
getting licked, there would be fewer hitches in the
negotiations for peace.
With Maguire depending on anarchist votes and
Henley looking to Mexican support, the outlook of
the two cannot be said to be bright.
Perhaps all these soldiers about to start for Manila
are getting married as a delicate compliment to Gen
eral Merritt^ good taste.
Rea's followers seem to be manifesting many of the
characteristics of rats who find themselves on a sink
ing ship.
Perhaps it would be well for France to employ some
of the sympathy expended on Spain for use right at
home.
PHELAN'S POLITICAL TfILE.
theTplug hat.
Editor San Francisco Call: Our institutions are all calculated or party
government. The men who founded the republic had been raised on tj
party system. Their experience showed that in e? ery nation there mvj .t be
differences of opinion. On the lines of these opinions the cttliena div We into
political parties. One party acts as a check on the other. Their mutual em
ulation tends to the pubiic weal. , . .. n ,_j|j g * oo
It is true that political orators have a of denouncing the candidates
of the other party as traitors who are unworthy to enjoy the Protection of
the flag. Such flamboyant declaration, are quite in order, and they * no
harm because no one takes any stock in them. The plain citizen beliefs
in his heart that the Republican and the Democrat and the Populist are
equally citizens of this country-equally entitled to the protection of the
was the belief of the fathers of the republic. They did not wish to
repeat here the experiment so disastrously tried in other lands, where a dis
pute between parties meant the arbitrament of the sword and where the vic
tory of one side meant the exile or extinction of the other They w.shdal
parties to live under the law. They wished .victory to be decided solelj
by the free votes of a free people, and they wished every man to 1 ia% c ac
cess to the ballot box so that his vote might have its own weight in de
ciding the fortunes of the battle.
In the same way there are differences between the members of tpe va
rious parties. One group favors one man or one policy another labors an
other man or another policy. These groups make up the party and no one
group has the right to cast out all the other groups and say, I alone am
the party." If any man does not wish to act with others of the same party
then that man
SHOULD GO AND FORM A PARTY FOR HIMSELF.
He does not belong under the American system to a party, because
a party means the mutual tolerance of differing groups. He is the cuckoo s
eg? laid in the strange bird's nest. As the intruder grows to power he casts
be rightful occupiers to make room for himself. Now the plain citizen,
like you and me, cares very little for one boss or another. All bosses look
alike to us. Our chief concern is that no boss can get too much power and
that is why we believe in parties and in groups within parties. We cannot
see why Rainey has not as much right in the Democratic party as Phelan
or Lanigan or Graney or Buckley or the rest of them. It seems to us it
rests entirely with the members of the party. Moreover, we cannot see for
the life of us why Rainey should read Phelan out of the party or Phelan
Rainey. They are both leaders of groups. One group may be larger than
the other, or may occupy a better position. But both groups belong to the
party. When Republicans win in an election they do not declare the Dem
ocrats outside the protection of American law. When one group in a party
triumphs it has no right to cast the other group into the outer darkness.
Of course the boss who is aiming at the complete control of the party
will not subscribe to this doctrine. But lam arguing now not as the boss,
but as the plain citizen argues— as you and I believe that things should be.
We are all the time looking to our own interest and our own interest em
phatically iics with the multitude of small bosses ever against the big boss
that rules them all.
BUT MR. PHELAN DOES NOT BELIEVE
In a patty made up of groups. Hia policy is the policy of the politicians of
ancient Rome in the days of its decline. When one party triumphed over
the other there was a proscription. The faction on top published a list of
the leaders of the faction underneath and every one on that li9t might be
slain at sight. Mr. Phelan hardly ever makes a speech that he does not trot
out Pericles or Cicero or some other ward heeler of Rome or Greece. No
doubt he has studied their methods closely and he admires their thorough
ness. He will tolerate no groups or factions under him. His faction must be
the Democratic party and every faction that will not bow down before his
statue "f brass must go incontinently into the fiery furnace. His plug hat
must shelter the whole Democratic party and on the rim of it there is writ
in large letters, "Outslde^of this there is no salvation."
This is a state of affairs which the Democratic party should consider
as closely as the plain citizen. Shall all the avenues to promotion in that
party be
BLOCKED IN FUTURE BY THE PHELAN TURNSTILE.
Is the Democracy of San Francisco to be another Phelan building in
which no one can obtain a room without paying rent to Mr. Phelan or to
Deacon McElroy, his agent, or to Mr. Charles Fay?
But the plain citizen can well leave the Democrats to attend to their
own affairs. He minds his business and he lets others mind theirs His
duty now is to survey the situation calmly and see how his interests are
affected by the coming election. He has nothing to hope from one party
or the other, but he has much to fear. Above all things he has to fear the
boss who may become so strong as to control all the other bosses You
and I have learned to beware of vaulting ambition. You and I, plain citi
zens that we are, are satisfied with the devices employed by our forefathers
to prevent the power of the people from being used against the people We
are committed to the principle of the division of power. Looking for our
suffrages is a man -who comes to us as the open and avowed opponent of
that principle. Mr. Phelan says, "Make me a Mayor; a Mayor not in name
but in reality. Give me officials who will support my policy; that is to say
Supervisors who will register my decrees; Judges who will deliver my ludtr
ments; Auditors who will throw open the doors of the city treasury at nfv
approach; Assessors who will, as I consider just, tax the property of thi
citizens, and incidentally my own not inconsiderable holdings— eive m* =
Sheriff, County Clerk, Superintendent of Streets, School Directors— blvp mt
everything and I will give you a good government." s me
THE PLAIN CITIZEN GASPS IN ASTONISHMENT
At such a proposal. Were Mr. Phelan an angrel from heaven we mi^t x
gin to consider well whether he might be trusted with such power Rm Z
Phelan is by no means an angel, at least not that kind of an ane^l v i
and I know a thing or two. The plain citizen hears plain talk nl I 2
asain about prominent personages. You and I know that the rran whl a
not respect the moral law will not rtspect the civil law as loS? »? h* a
disrespect it with impunity. We have been trained to trust no msn J££
euch power. Perhaps we may have our reasons for refusing to tn£t W
Phelan least of all. Yours truly, A PLAIN CITIZEN
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Hon. S. N. Laughlin has returned to
IfoM Landing.
Judge Frank Short and wife, of Fresno,
are at the Palace.
E. S- Churchill, a prominent banker of
Napa, is at the Palace.
H. E. Barber, a well known Stockton
capitalist, is at the Grand.
G. W. Crystal, a well known merchant
of Vacaville. is stopping at the Grand.
Mark R. PlaisU-d. the well known news
paper man, is a guest at the California.
H. D. Haslan, cashier of the First Na
tional Bank of Santa Cruz, is at the Cali
fornia.
P. G. de L'Estoille. one of the owners
of the Ralston mine at Summit, is at the
Grand.
A. L. Barber, the New York asphaltum
mnenate, accompanied by his wife, is at
the Palace.
W, R. King of New Bedford. Mass.,
largely interested in whaling, is a guest
at the California.
A. B. Peakes, proprietor of the Sea
beach Hotel at Santa Cruz, has regis
tered at the Palace.
V. S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, accompanied by Mrs. Mc-
Clatchy, is at the California,
"\V. R. Townsend, formerly of this city,
where he has many friends, has regis
tered at the Occidental, from Los Angeles.
Warren J. Lynch, assistant general
passenger agent of the Big Four Road,
accompanied by Mrs. Lynch, is here on a
business trip.
Reuben H. Lloyd, the newly elected
Grand Master of the National Encamp
ment of Knights Templar, has returned
home. Mr. Lloyd is the first Grand Mas
ter of the National Conclave elected from
any State west of the Mississippi.
Hon. Eugene F. Ware and wife, of To
peka, Kansas, are guests at the Palace.
Under the norn de plume of "Ironquill"
Colonel Ware has made a name for him
self as a poet of no mean ability. He has
also achieved much distinction as a
Jurist, being known all over Kansas as
the poet lawyer.
JUST FOR A SMILE.
"Young man," said the young woman's
father, "you have boasted several times
that you possess an honored name."
"Yes, sir," replied the foreign suitor,
haughtily.
"Well, may I inquire what bank it will
be honored at and for how much?"—
Washington Star.
First Stranger (on railway train)— So
you are selling Prof. Blank's new book,
are you? Strange coincidence. lam Prof.
Blank.
Second Stranger— That so? Then you
wrote the very book I am agent for?
"Yes. The hardest work I ever did was
writing that book."
"Well, well! That's another strange
coincidence. The hardest work I ever uid
was trying to sell it."— Tit-Bits.
"Sir," began the seedy looking individ
ual as he approached the casnier in a
downtown office, "I have seen btTTterdays.
and if you will kindly render me a little
assistance "
"I am very sorry," interrupted the casn
ier, "but I can do nothing for you to-day.
Charity should begin at home, you know."
"Thank you, sir," replied the mendi
cant as he extracted a memorandum book
and pencil from a mysterious *recess in
his apparel. "What is your home address,
please^ and what time shall I call?"— Ch
icago Dally News.
"Do you believe there is really such a
thing as homesickness?"
"I Know," Baid the man who had begun
to eat downtown again after a year of
married life, "that home grub makes me
eick."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
NUMBER FIVE.
LONDON.
or base pr ""^' alms and passions, pure
yy vu S H^,, ana
1 * -*»** peace your „.
T in pl O a^e) On earth man ' 8 mightiest meet-
Tour vast ness this columnar fame uprears'
F r st«luT" through yoar monstrous maz. of
PS unechcin S. w ** your Deathless
O city of ghosts, that can so ghostly be 1
—Edgar Fawcett in Literature.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COPPER CENT-K. S. S.. Salinas Cal
A copper cent of 1557 sells for 59 cents to
TO EXTERMINATE FLEAS— M City
It is said that fleas will not remain in*
a bed on which has been sprinkled cham
omile flowers.
SIGNATURE TO MORTGAGE— A. G
G. SSt. t Arroyo Grande. Cal. In the State
of California a mortgage does not re
quire the signature of the wife.
A WIFE IN PORTUGAL— S.. City In
Portugal it is the duty of a married
woman to accompany her husband every
where except to a foreign country.
TIGHT ROPE AT THE CLIFF— W
City. Cooke, the tight rope walker!
ke TTT T on a t!ght r °P e from the old
Cliff House to the Seal Rocks September
27, ISoo.
BRIGID AND BRIDGET— M. X., City.
Brigid Is only another form of Bridget
Bridget is Celtic. Brigitte is French,
Bngiaa. is Italian and Spanish and Brie
itta is German.
ALLEGORIES, XXXCV. Oakland, Cal.
If you will consult the Century diction
ary, or in fact any English dictionary
you will find a full definition of allegories'
myths, fables and legends. s '
SPARKLING WINES-D. R. S., Morro
San Luis Oblspo Co., Cal. The tax on
sparkling wines, commonly known as the
war tax, is one cent on pint bottles or
smaller, and two cents on bottles larger
than a pint.
NO CHANCE FOR OLD MAIDS-S.,
City. It is true that old maids have not
the same chance in Russia that they have
in other countries. The law there prohib
its persons over SO years of age from mar
rying in the territory' of the Czar.
FREE LIBRARIES-L. E. N., Los Ga
tos, Cal. By an act passed in 1880 (Stat
utes of California 1880, page 231), cities
and towns have a right to levy a tax not
exceeding 1 mill on each $1 of assessment
for the purpose of establishing and main
taining a free public library.
M'ILHELM DER GROSSE— S. Jr., City.
The speed of the largest steamer afloat,
the Wilhelm der Grosse, Is 22.53 knots,
the same as that of the Kaiser Frederlch.
The highest speed of any of the English
built or transatlantic steamer is that
of the Campania and the Lucania, which
is, for these vessels, 21.22 knots.
THE CITY OF PARA— E. J. H., City.
This department has no advices as to
when the transport City of Para will re
turn to this city. As soon as the Govern
ment decides to have her return to this
post the fact will be made known to the
agents here, and if you will watch the
Call's shipping column daily, you will see
when she is expected. It will be in the
list of vessels "to arrive."
SELLING PRICE OF COlNS— Constant
Reader, City. The selling price of a half
dollar of 1833 is from 75 to 90 cents; one
of 1563. if with arrow heads at date, from
75 cents to $1 26, if it is one without ar- ;
row heads at date and without rays about
the eagle, from $30 to *40. For such
dealers will pay from $20 to 530. For
half of 1562 the selling price is from $1 25
to *1 50.
UNDERSCORED WORD— A. Z.. City.
When a word is written with a itne under
it it means that the writer desir- - to at
tract attention to it. In a comp
room it means that the word must be
italicized. If the word is overscored as
well as underecnred it means that the
writer is particularly anxious to show
that he has more ln«L than he has legiti
mate use for.
SYMBOLISM OF COLORS— Sub=
Alameda, Cal. Red signifies mart
for faith, charity (in dresses), divin
white— purity. tempc-ntnce, inn
chastity, faith, <in dresses* innocence and
purity Hue— hope, love of divine .
(in dresses) divine contemplation.
Sincerity: green— faith, gladness, a
tality. the resurrection of the Jusi
dresses) the gladness of the faithful; pink
— gayety; yellow— jealousy.
RALSTON'S DEATH-O. T. If. S.. City.
The Bank of California BUSpended Thurs
day. August 26. US. at 2:30 p. m.. and the
following day William C. Ralston
for many years had been its preside;;-.
went to the baths near Black Pnir
while swimming in the open beearr.
conscious. He was taken ashore and de
spite all efforts made to resuscitate him
he died shortly after 4 o'clock In tho
afternoon.
REPAIRS TO PREMISES— G. H..City.
Whether a landlord has to make certain
repairs depends upon the exact wording
of the lease or in the absence of a
on the verbal understanding. If t'r.
derstanding is that the landlord wll
in repair the premises and ail appur
tenances thereto it would be his duty t
make the repairs if the damage was tt
result of ordinary wear and tear a
the carelessness and neglect c :
tenant.
FERRY TO OAKLAND— G. B. acd O.
G., City. The earliest record that this
department has been able to find of a
regular ferry between San Francisco and
Oakland is the line that was opera ••
Charles Minturn, as agent, in the latter
part of 1851 or the early part of 1&52. The
ferry-boat was the Red Jacket, which left
Cunningham's wharf, which was off Bat
tery street, between Broadway and Green
street. She made three trips a day, 9.' |
a. m., 1:30 p. m. and 5:30 p. m., from this
side, and S a. m., 12 m. and 3:30 p. m. from
the Oakland side.
SILK CULTURE— C. A. D., City. This
department cannot advise an individual
to Invest his money in the culture of silk
worms or any other business. WouH
suggest that you go to the reference room
of the San Francisco Free library and
there consult a number of public docu
ments on the culture of silk, silk worms,
mulberry trees, etc.. In California, which
will give you the information on the sub
ject, and you can also obtain some addi
tional information by calling on John A.
Filcher ,who is in charge of the Stata
Board of Trade exhibit.
CHINESE MISSION'— M. It, Haywards.
Cal. The old Chinese Mission at tha
northeast corner of Stockton and Sacra
mento streets, for many years under the
superintendence of Rev. A. W. Loomis, i 9
a thing of the past, though the building
still stands. The mission was established
by Rev. William Speer. The erection of
the building was commenced in 1865, and
the mission was dedicated Sunday, June
4. 1554. There was a chapel with seats for
300. a school and dispensary and the resi
dence of the superintendent and pastor
on the upper floor. The first board of
trustees was composed of Thomas H.
Selby, D. S. Turner, T. Adams, Henry
Channings Beales. E. Knight. Ira P. Ran
kin, S. Franklin, J. B. Roberts and E. P.
Flint.
WHITEWASH— X. S. S., Salinas, Cal.
The following is given as a first class
whitewash for walls or ceilings: "Soak
one-quarter of a pound of glue over night
in tepid water. The next day put it into
a tin vessel with a quart of water, eet the
vessel In a kettle of water over a fire.
keep it there till it boils, and then stir
until the glue is dissolved. Next put
from six to eight pounds of parts whir©
into another vessel, aud hot water and
stir until it has the appearance of miik
of lime. Add the sizing, stir well and ap
ply in the ordinary way while still warm."
Except on very dark anu smoky walls and
ceilings a single coat is sufficient. It is
said that this is nearly equal In brilliancy
to zinc white. Paris white is sulphate of
baryta, which may be found in drug or
paint stores.
BASEBALL THROWING— R.. Miller.
California. The following is the record of
longest baseball throwing: Ed Crane is
credited with having thrown a ball 135
yards 1 foot and inch October 12. ISS4.
in Cincinnati, Ohio, and 135 yards and 5
inches October 19, ISS4 in St. Louis, Mo.
In a match with J. O'Rourke at Buffalo,
N. V.. June 23, ISSO. H. Vaugn threw a
ball 134 yards 2*s inches: L. Twichell at
Macon. Ga., on July 29, 1593. in a contest
for a prize of $25 threw a ball 135 yards
2 inches. John Hatfield of the Mutuals
threw the ball 133 yards 1 foot 7% inches
at the Union grounds. Brooklyn, October
15. UR. Ed Williamson of Chicago threw
a ball 132 yards and 1 foot at the Chicago
grounds September 9. 1??2. and he won the
Cincinnati competition in ISSS by a throw
of 133 yards 11 inches.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Yb at Townsend's*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Onyx Tables and Lamps.
Beautiful new lamps, pretty globes,
stylish shades and elegant brass tables
make the nicest and most accepts ble
wedding presents. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741 Market street. •
She— They say that a little learning 1 ia a
dangerous thing.
He — Yes, I guess it is. I found it so once.
I stopped investigating when I found out
how much property my first wifes father
was supposed to own, without going
ahead and making inquiries as to his
debts. But I'll never get taken in that
way again. — Cleveland Leader.
Pawnbroker — Well, my son, what can I
do for you?
Youthful Customer— My father told me
to come here and offer you $25 for a gold
watch, and raise it to $30 if I couldn't get
it for less.
Through Tourist Car to St. PauL
This car is nicely upholstered ia leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all-Eastern cities at lowest rate*.
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market at.,
San Francisco.
Dr. Sieyert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned
appetiser, is used over the whole civilized
world; It is imported from Souih America.
Pawnbroker— My young friend, I haven't
any gold watches for $25. but I've got
•some for $30 that are worth a .»undred.
Youthful Customer— l'm jdad of that.
because I was to offer you J55 if I couldn't
get one for $30. Let me see them, please.
Pawnbroker retires behind the big sale
for a moment to kick himself. — Chicago
Tribune.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROYAL
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar*
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
HOYAI BAKIWO PQWOCB CO,. NEW VOW*.SINGLE TAX
BELOW PUR
111 VALLEJO
Mr. Gage Exploits Ma
guire's Theory.
GIVEN A GREAT RECEPTION
BRASS BANDS AND CHEERING
THRONGS ESCORT HIM.
Victor Metcalf Advocates the Build
ing of a Battle-ship at the
Mare Island Navy-
Yard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VAL.LEJO, Oct. 26.— The cheering of
Butte County Republicans had hardly
subsided when Henry T. Gage rose to
board the 4 a. m. train to-day from
Orovllle to Vallejo, via San Francisco.
The Oroville demonstration, one of the
greatest ever held in Northern Cali
fornia, closed the standard-bearer's
tour of the Sacramento Valley.
The series of meetings beginning at
Sacramento and continuing at Au
burn, Nevada City, Grass Valley,
"Woodland, Redding and Red Bluff and
ending at Oroville, enlisted the enthu-
piasm of the masses. Mr. Gage's able
exposition of the dangers of the single
tax produced a profound impression
among the home-owning and home
respecting people of the valley and
mountains. The scheme which threat
ens to place all the burdens of taxa
tion on land alone is now accepted as
the vital issue of the campaign, heute
the public manifests great interest in
the discussion of the subject.
Apart from the mass meetings, *M>.
Gage during his tour had the pleasure
of meeting and 6haking hand.s with
thousands of his fellow-citizens. In
every place, Willows excepted, he re
ceived assurances that old-line Demo
crats, Populists and Silver Republicans
had broken away from the fusion pro
gramme and resolved to give their sup
port in this campaign to Gage and
Neff. Everywhere Mr. Gage was rec
ognized as the candidate of the people,
one who had never sought public office
and never drawn a dollar from the
public treasury.
Mr. Gage was met at Vallejo Junc
tion this evening by A. L. Hatheway,
chairman of the Republican County
Committee, G. J. Campbell and H. F.
Stahl of the Vallejo Morning News.
The candidate was accorded a hearty
welconie. The trip from the Junction
to North Vallejo was spent very plea
santly, Mr. Gage meeting many who
piedged him their friendship and ex
pressed their intention of casting a
vote for him on the Bth of November.
At North Vallejo Mr. Gage was met
by other members of the County Com
mittee and escorted to the Bernard
House parlors. After a short rest he
was escorted to Armory Hall by two
bands and a long procession of enthu
siastic citizens. A salute of twenty
one guns was fired by Harry Wilson
in honor of Mr. Gage and Victor Met
calf, while bonfires were burning on al
most every corner in town.
"When the distinguished gentleman
arrived at Armory Hall he was greeted
with a most enthusiastic ovation;
cheer upon cheer rent the hall and it
was some minutes before it subsided.
After a few remarks by George J.
Campbell, Mr. Gage proceeded with his
speech, which was listened to atten
tively. He thanked the citizens of
Vallejo. on behalf of the Republican
for the reception tendered him
and stated that it was a forerunner of
success for the State, county and leg
islative ticket. The reasons, he said,
were numerous, for the feeling pos-
Bessed by the people was that there was
danger in the fusion movement and
that many liberties would be cut off.
The Republican party was in favor of
law and order, while the Democratic
party was not. The fusion or Demo
cratic party denied the right of the
land owned to the soil which he has
paid for. This fusion party would
block the progress of the State for
years to come. It believes in free
trade, ruin of the shipbuilders of Cali
fornia and also the mechanic; it is al
lied to the anarchistic doctrine.
O'ntinuing, Mr. Gage devoted con
siderable attention to the railroad is
sue, in which he said that Maguire en
deavored to make it a prominent factor
of the campaign, and showed in a
plain and concise manner that the
nominee on the Democratic ticket was
trying to mislead the voting people.
Mr. Magruire, he said, dare not combat
his theories, and the railroad question
in this campaign was only a subter
fuge. He furthermore called attention
to the fact that Maguire, if he so de
sired, while in Congress, could by ob
n have prevented the passage of
the funding bill. He scored many teU
ing points against Maguire, all of
which were greeted with tremendous
applause.
Mr. Gagre showed that he never was
employed by the railroad and that cor
poration had no affection for him in the
least. "No railroad company has paid
me a fee in my life." said Mr. Gage,
"but I have received a great deal of
their money as judgment in damage
cases brought against them. Does that
look as though the railroad company
likes me? Do justice by me and that
Is all I ask."
He also showed in a capable manner
Mr. Magulre's un-American stand in
the recent war. The speaker was so
entertaining that the audience was dis
inclined to part with him. After the
meeting a reception was tendered the
visiting speakers at the Bernard House
parlors. The Benicia Glee Club, con
sisting of Messrs. Gise, Rueger, Rulof
son and Stanley, rendered several cam
paign songs.
Victor Metcalf. the Republican nomi
nee for Congress, followed Mr. Gage in
a stirring speech. In which he spoke ex
tensively on the silver question, and
also advocated the building .of a bat
tleship at the Mare Island Navy Yard.
"Here is the place to uuild such a ves
sel," said the speaker. "You have all
the facilities that are necessary for an
undertaking of that nature and rank
as the best mechanics in the world."
His remarks were greeted with im
mense applause.
SENATOR WHITE TALKS
FOR THE FUSION TICKET
Makes a Speech at Stockton Which
Fails to Enthuse a Small
Audience.
STOCKTON, Oct. 2C.-Senator White
spoke at Agricultural Pavilion this even
ing in behalf of the fusion ticket. Frank
D. Nicol acted as chairman of the meet-
Ing. White, who is always a favorite
with Democrats here, must hay» detected
the total absence of enthusiasm among
his auditors. The tenor of his address
eeemed to indicate that he felt he was on
the defensive. The audience was not
large, and the distinguished speaker failed
to arouse any demonstration of approval
for his assertions. He denounced the
War Department, and claimed the army
scandals were directly due to Republi
can Incompetence. He declared that the
war revenue bill put burdens on the poor;
that beer was the poor man's drink and
should not have beea subjected to addi
tional tax. He also said that the popular
bond Issue was a fake, as syndicates got
agents to buy It up for them.
The Senator declared that the conven
tion which nominated Gage was not a
Republican convention, but a Southern
Pacific gathering. He had nothing against
Gage, but thought Maguire was a friend
of the people and they should give him
a vote of approval at the coming elec
tion. The speaker claimed that the sin
gle tax was not an issue, for it was not
in the platform, but in the next minute
he claimed that Maguire was entitled to
support on his own personal merits.
White was not at his best, as he was
suffering from a severe cold. Much com
ment is made at the failure of Governor
Budd to attend any of the Democratic
demonstrations in his home city.
MARIN REPUBLICANS
MEET AT SAN RAFAEL
Torchlight Procession Followed by
Addresses From Eloquent
Speakers.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 26.— The largest Re
publican mass meeting ever held in
Marin County was addressed by Hon. W.
R. Davis of Oakland and General John
H. Dickinson of Sausalito. Intense en
thusiasm prevailed, showing that both
speakers had the perfect sympathy of
their auditors. At 7:45 p. m. a special
train arrived from Sausalito, with a dele
gation of 100 from that town and seventy
live from Larkspur, all carrying torches,
tin horns and banners. Preceded by the
Richardson brass band of Sausalito, fol
lowed by the San Rafael band, the pro
cession marched to the San Rafael opera
house.
General Dickinson was introduced as
chairman by W. S. Dreypolcher, who
called the meeting to order. He spoke
at length on campaign issues and pro
phesied a sweeping Republican victory.
Mr. Davis followed in an eloquent ad
dress, portraying the dangers of Ma
guireisni and the single tax doctrine and
denouncing yie attempt to cloud ihe real
issues by the false statement that Gage
is a Southern Pacific hireling. Mr. Davis
was roundly applauded during the whole
of his convincing argument. Intermis
sions between speeches were filled in with
campaign songs by the Knickerbocker
male quartet. +
The meeting broke up with three deaf
ening cheers for Gage and the Republican
party.
BANNER REPUBLICAN
DISTRICT OF MONTEREY
Hon. B. B. Carpenter of Los Angeles
Addresses the Voters of Pacific
Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Oct. 26.— A
rousing- welcome was given Hon. R. B.
Carpenter of Los Angeles and the Re
publican candidates for Monterey County
offices by the Pacific Grove Republicans
to-night, the hall in which the rally was
held being packed to its utmost capacity.
Judge H. W. Briggs was chosen chairman
of the meeting. Prominent Republicans
of this town and Monterey acted as vice
presidents.
The county candidates preseiit were O.
S. Trimmer, U. Hartnell, John L. Mat
thews and Job Wood Jr. Each spoke
briefly relative to his particular candi
dacy. Senator Carpenter, chief orator
of the evening, addressed the assembly
upon the issues of the present campaign,
speaking in his accustomed forcible style.
Much enthusiasm characterized to-night's
rally, the town fully living up to its rep
utation of being the banner Republican
district of Monterey County.
ODD FELLOWS' JUBILEE.
Permanent Organization Effected to
Prepare a Grand Celebration in
1899.
Last night there were In Eureka Hall
of the Odd Fellows' building the represen
tatives of 275 subordinate and Rebekah
lodges and encampments of the Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows to take action
in the matter of a grand celebration In
1899 of the fiftieth anniversary of the in- j
siitution of California Lodge Xo. 1 of this j
State.
The meeting was called by the parent |
lodge, and was presided over by H. S.
Jones, who briefly explained the purposes
of the assemblage. Then followed a free I
discussion of the proposition to have a j
golden jubilee, and it was unanimously
! decided that there should be one.
The date of the institution of the parent
lodge was September 9, 1649, and it was
suggested that that would "be the proper
date for the jubilee; but there was a pro
tracted discussion on that point, in which
M. M. Kstee, W. 11. Barnes, Grand Master
Breuck, Grand Secretary Shaw, Fast
Grand Patriarch Erlewlne, W. A. S.
Nicholson, Past Grand J. H. Simpson, I
Mrs Dell Savage (grand president of trie ;
Rebekahs), Mrs. M. E. Donoho (the grand
secretary) and others took part. Some
were opposed to the 9th of September, as
that was particularly Native Sons and
Pioneers' day. while others thought that
the Odd Fellows could make a success of
that day, irrespective of other organiza- ;
tions. It was linally decided to allow the !
date to be fixed at a future time.
The following, named by a special com
mittee, were chosen as the permanent of
ficers 1 H. S. Jones, President; Karl C
Brt-uc'k, grand master; J. W. Harris,
grand Patriarch; Mrs. Dell Savage, grand
president of the Rebekahs. and General j
C. C. Sherman, vice-presidents; U. S. G. i
Clifford, secretary, and George T. Shaw,
treasurer.
The following were elected a
committee of arrangements in con
junction with the permanent offi
cers: J. S. Robinette, Sacramento; F.
A. Week, Eureka; H. D. Richardson, Val- j
lejo - Mary E. Donoho, San Francisco; C. j
H Weaver, Alaxneda; A. C. Bates, San !
Jose; John Morton, San Mateo; Mrs. j
Rand, Winters; Sarah Wolf. Sacramento;
Olive Porter, Hollister; N. Neuman, Jack
son; W. E. Agard, San Diego; C. L. Dur
ban, Biggs; A. R. Lord, Nevada City; M.
Mitchell, Willows; Mr. Liert, Alameda;
Mrs. C. A. Hoxelt, Gilroy; M. T. Moses,
San Francisco; G. A. Cash, Irvington; J.
H. Simpson, San Francisco; H. J. Digglea,
Fort Jones; M. Cooper, San Miguel; A. C.
Slfigner, Wheatland; Amanda J. Wilier
ton, Mary A. Hawley, Antoinette Shaw,
Mrs. Simons, Aljna I. Jensen, Mrs. George
T. Shaw and Abbie Ewing, all of San
Francisco.
After a lengthy suggestion as to wheth
er there should be a general celebration
in this city or local celebrations, an ad
journment was taken, the convention to
be called again within sixty days.
TTJBNED ON THE GAS.
George Huber, a Baker of Auburn,
Attempts to Commit Suicide.
George Huber, a baker of Auburn,
Placer County, yesterday afternoon at
tempted to commit suicide in the Ahlborn
House, on Grant avenue, by inhaling il-
luminating gas.
About two weeks ago Huber arrived In
this city and rented a room in the house
where he attempted to end his life.
Shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon one of the clerks in the house, who
was passing Huber's room, detected the
odor of escaping gas. Failing to arouse
, the occupant he forced an entrance and
: discovered Huber lying on the bed in an
unconscious condition. He had turned on
ihe gas after plugging the keyhole, but
falleu to close the transom.
Huber was at once removed to the Re
ceiving Hoaiptal. where he was treated by
Drs. Weil and Binne. It is believed he
will recover.
Huber would give no reason for his
rash act other than that he was tired
of life and wanted to die. He has a
wife and three children living at Auburn,
who have been informed of his attempted
suicide.
St. John's Fair.
The congregation and friends of St.
John's parish are losing none of the in
terest which has been in particular evi
dence since Its benefit fair began a short
time ago, and last night bestowed a lib
eral patronage. To-night Company
E, League of. the Cross . Cadets,
from St. James' parish will be in attend
ance, and on i Saturday night the bazaar
will close Its doors.
■ ♦ ■
Smith's Dandruff Pomade
Will cure eczema, dandruff and itchlngr I
scalp. Guaranteed to give satisfaction.
Price POe at all drug stores. Sample sent
free by Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. ♦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1893.
MOIRE GIVEN
HEARTY CHEERS
Woodland Welcomes the
Fusion Leader.
ADDRESSES TWO MEETINGS
REITERATES HIS CHARGES
AGAINST THE RAILROAD.
Talks About the Funding Bill Fight
in Congress and Denies Some
of Mr. Gage's State
ments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Oct. 26.— The reception
to-day to James G. Maguire was the
greatest political demonstration ever
seen In Woodland. The Judge arrived
from Colusa at 2 o'clock, accompanied
by E. L. Hutchison and H. A. McCra
ney. J. A. Jones came from the south
and D. A. Ostrom from Marysvllle. A
band and an immense crowd of people
received them. Great cheering fol
lowed Maguire's introduction to the
crowd. Judge Maguire and party
walked to the hotel, escorted by seve
ral hundred citizens. They appea/ed
on the hotel balcony and received an
ovation.
The main meeting in the evening was
held in the opera-house. Seats were
provided to accommodate 1200 persons.
Several hundred failed to get inside.
An overflow meeting was organized and
addressed by Messrs. Jones, Hutchison,
Ostrom. G. C. Martin and Judge Ma
guire. J. I. McConnell presided in the
opera-house, and there were 225 vice
presidents on the stape. Judge Ma
guire was the first speaker. C. W.
Thomas called the meeting to order
with an anvil and hammer, and Chair
man McConnell made a brief and ap
propriate speech. Mrs. Delia Prior-
Pierce and Miss Minnie Prior then sang
the "Star Spangled Banner," and for
an encore sang "Dixie."
Judge Maguire spoke for two hours.
He was given the closest attention and
was frequently and generously ap
plauded. His address was along the
same lines as those delivered elsewhere,
except he was more emphatic in giv
ing evidence that the corporations are
fighting his election. He called atten
tion to the fact that M. M. Estee had
been called off and a Southern Pacific
attorney substituted. He challenged
anybody to name any railroad man
who fs not supporting Gage, and he
challenged Gage's statement that the
funding bill amendment to the de
ficiency bill was Morgan's amendment.
He said it was Gear's amendment, and
that the Morgan clause in relation to
the Nicaraguan canal was stricken out.
He said Senator White opposed the
Gear amendment and only voted for
the deficiency bill after the Gear
amendment was adopted.
Referring to the charge that he had
been in office and drawn too much sal
ary, Maguire said that perhaps th»
State has paid too much for his educa
tion, but he began in the kindergarten
and worked his way up, while Gage
wanted to begin in the university of
politics.
Upon the conclusion of Judge Ma
guire's speech in the opera-house ha
addressed the overflow meeting briefly
and Hutchison, Jones and ostrom ad
dressed the audience in the opera
house.
The big- crowd stayed until the last
speaker was through.
CONGRESSMAN BARLOW
ATTEMPTS TO EXPLAIN
The Populist Candidate Meets With
a Chilly Reception at Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2S.— Congressman
Charles A. Barlow for the second time at
tempted to-night to explain to a Los An
geles audience his famous "business op
portunities" letter which he addressed to
J. Marion Brooks after his election in
3596. He entered the same old plea of
ignorance of the law which makes it a
felony for a Congressman to act as an
agent for a private individual having a
claim against the Government. Barlow
varied the monotony a liftle this evening
by scoring Brooks In the most bitter lan
guage for having betrayed him. Barlow
also denied that he had Intentionally
loaded the mails during the weighing sea
son to help out the Southern Pacific. The
fuct remains, however, that he did this
very same thing.
Before closing, the Populist candidate
attempted to besmirch the character oi R
J. Waters, Republican candidate for Con
gress, by asserting that he was connected
with the failure of the Bear Valley Dam
Company. The statements Barlow made
are without weight, for thf reason that
Mr. Waters had no connection with the
Bear Valley Company for some months
prior to its failure.
The audience was a chilly one. Ma
gulre's name was greeted with but little
applause, and Barlow himself received a
veritable frost.
JILICE RIX writes about
The Democratic Candidates
LN .NEXT SUNDAY'S CJILL
Chinaman Arrested for Murder.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 26.— Chief of Po
lice Dwyer to-night arrested Chan Noon
on a telegram from Chief Lees of San
Francisco, saying He was wanted there
on a charge of murder.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEAK MEN, BEWARE!
Sufferers should beware of stimulating appliances of any nature.
They are advertised to cure nerve troubles, when in reality they are
— - — — — — nerve destroyers— veritable man-killers and wreckers ;
Sof human life — made to sell, not to cure. ■
l£S&8 Debilitated men can never be restored to permanent
J« strength except by a thorough and proper constitutional
ferar treatment. This cannot be done by mechanical or other
V|B £j* 'Sgi/ temporary stimulants. ; The latter only leave the unfortunate
\sk 1 /^J victims, ■ after a few days, weeks ■- or months, ?in a condition
HPy . /affijßjfilfr which is almost hopeless. DR. MEYERS &. CO., by the use
•^ MfioSmW^H ' & of the most effective yet harmless remedies and methods, .
&£faSlNm&sjJ* gradually tone up the entire system. All prescriptions are - ;'
MfIKM I&MM& filled in their own private ' laboratory, FREE TO PATIENTS.
'"^BTayi^*! NO CHARGE FOR CONSULTATION.
NO PAY TILL CURE IS EFFECTED!
. Dr. Meyers & Co. have such confidence In their successful
* remedies and methods that they will let the patient deposit
the price of a cure. in any bank or with any business house
or newspaper In San Francisco, to be paid to them when a
cure is effected, or the doctors will accept monthly Install- ■■."-.- -
. ments if the patient prefers. /' " ■■■; > t .
DR. MEYERS & CO., K*J!
TAKE ELEVATOR hours-s to 5 Daily ;
IAA-CJ UliliVAlUn. Evenings. 7to 8 ; Sundays. 9 : to 11., ■ "
GEORGE A, KNIGHT
AT MARYSVILLE
Makes a Stirring Cam
paign Speech.
NO LIVE ISSUE OVERLOOKED
WORDS OF PRAISE AND CAUSTIC
CRITICISM.
Fallacies of the Single Tax Doctrine
Pointed Out — No Anglo-Saxon
Alliance — Patriotism in
Railroads.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Oct. 26.— The Marys
vllle Theater was packed from pit to
dome to-night by an intelligent and en
! thusiastic audience assembled to hear
Hon. George A. Knight, San Fran
cisco's eminent lawyer and orator, dis
cuss the political issues of the day from
a Republican standpoint. A band of
i music enlivened the streets prior to the
j meeting, and Democrats and Repub
! Means vied for the choice seats next the
speaker's stand in the hall.
Hon. Charles M. Gorman, who was
chairman of the meeting, invited the
following vice presidents to seats on the
stage: G. W. Hall, G. W. Haxney, Phil
Divver, D. C. McGanney, J. W. Greely,
Dunning Rideout, G. W. Wilson, J. F.
Eastman, M. F. Brown, Harry Carden,
J. W. Cass, V. L. Earnshields, Samuel
Ewell, F. B. Moors, J. O. Gates, H. D.
King, A. B. Miller, W. H. Parks Jr.,
W. C. Swain, G. R. Eckart, J. C. Bald
win, N. V. Nelson, C. J. McCoy, Charles I
Hapgood, C. P. Pierce and Fred Mon
net.
Mr. Knight, who was the only
speaker of the evening— Tirey L. Ford
failing to arrive on account of another
engagement — began his address with a '■
glowing tribute to the Republican
party, which he declared was as broad j
in its principles as the country itself. ,
He took up the early banking laws and i
reviewed the nation's politics down to !
the time when the people decided they j
wanted a change of administration. He |
said they got Grover Cleveland, who j
was the friend of Wall street and the
bankers to the detriment of the navy,
which was badiy in need of ironclads.
To John D. Spreckels and The Call
Mr. Knight paid a handsome tribute,
declaring Mr. Spreckels to be one of
the State's best citizens, and that hia j
paper is doing effective work in every
cause that tends to benefit the Pacific
Coast. Of the Republican nominees i
for Justices of the Supreme Court he |
had only words of the highest com- j
mendation.
Then followed a grand word painting
eulogistic of the First Regiment of j
California Volunteers — "that noble body !
of young men first to take the Stars and
Stripes across the ocean." Maguire it i
was, he said, who voted to starve that i
patriotic band. Maguire it was who op
posed the teaching of the English lan
guage to the children in the schools of
New Mexico. If Maguire is the great
friend of the people that the Democracy
claims then his place is in Washing
ton, where the battle rages hottest, no-t
in the gubernatorial chair, where he
will have nothing to do but draw his
salary, with the stipend he gets through
the civil service.
Mr. Knight then paid a high compli
ment to Mrs. Phoebe Hearst, Miss Jen
nie Flood and Mrs. Stanford for their
princely gifts in the interest of educa
tion. Mrs. Stanford, the bereaved
mother and widow, he said, had stood
alone and fought her battle of circum
stances to carry out Senator Stanford's j
life desire; she had denied herself the ,'
court's allowance that the university i
might succeed, and at last preferred ',
duty to sentiment by giving her home j
for the help of our growing children.
The speaker next urged strong
grc-unds against an Anglo-Saxon alli
ance, favoring peace with all nations
and purposing with the crops of Amer
ica and the products of her artisans to
both feed and develop all the world's
nations. He had words of praise for
Russia, whose ironclads lay in our har
bors while England harbored our ene
mies and struck us a blow from which
we have never recovered.
The fallacies of the single tax doctrine
were pointed out briefly, and, alluding:
to the railroad question, Mr. Knight
facetiously remarked that if the people
are not careful thpy will have two rail
roads to fight instead of one. The ac
tion of the Central Pacific in sending
her trains of sealed cars to the East and
secretly carrying to San Francisco the
ammunition which Dewey must have
to protect the nation's honor alone
atoned for all the people had said of it.
None of the live questions of the day
escaped the notice of the gifted talker,
and when he had concluded three
hearty cheers were sent up for the Re
publican party and its standard-bearer
in California.
Republican Rally at Elmira.
SUISUN, Oct. 26.— An enthusiastic Re
publican rally was held in Elmlra this
evening in honor of Gage and Neff. Colo
nel T. v. Eddy delivered an eloquent ad
dress, which was repeatedly applauded.
Solano's Registered Voters.
SUISUN, Oct. 26.— The total number of
voters, according to County Clerk Halli
day's returns, Is 7292. Vallejo heads the
list with 2920.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
■ .'■•■■':'■■ ADVERTISEMENTS. : ' •- - ':■
Annual Sales overO, ooo,ooo Boxes
fob BILIOUS AND NERVOUS disoedees
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIBBT DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be .
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH AIM'S P ILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly, remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tom and cure Sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drue Stores.
— —
We RELY ON rcr pipT|nir
OCULISTSPBESCWN
Jo ruf\ our Spectacle Factory*
Bring us Yours.
Opticians kop^ ency .
642 Market St.
CRONICtE BUILDING"
WE EMPLOY NQ AGENTS.
642 Market St.
CRONICLE BUILDING-
WE EMPLOY NQ AGENTS.
THE OLDDOCTOR !
Consult him If you are troubled with unpleas-
ant dreaine (which make you arise unrefreshed
in the morning), Vertigo, Forgetfulness, De-
spondency, Lame Back, Headache, Legache,
Deposits In Urine, Attacks of Blues and many
other symptoms of Nervous Debility brought on
by excesses. )
He cures where others fail all Contagious
Diseases and Weaknesses of Men.
Consultation Free at office or by letter.
Hours— to 12. 2 to 5, 6:30 to 8. Sunday, X
W. NORTON DAVIS, M.D.,
318 Kearny Street, San Francisco.
In all stages of
[n Nasal Catarrh R^ggSl
there should be cleanliness. W^S'qgW J H£.',?l
Experience proves that V £YEr 0 W>j? ij^f
Ely's Cream Balm &>, <&§&£
is a cleanser, soother and J8? j* '^vtfiSs
healer ot the diseased mem- $\Z2fp*^
I, cleanser, soother and tsvs*fe| j? "'4? Earn
er of the diseased m(-m- W^^g*^
le. It cures catarrh and ■ (9
a cold in the head vanishes jreMßTt^^rljaH
quickly. f&i&rXzZ^r* ' XS
Cream Balm is placed into the nostrils
spreads over the membrane and is absorbed
Relief Is Immediate and a cure follows. It is
not drying — does not produce sneezing. Law
60c; Trial Size 10c: at Druggists or by mail
ELY BROTHERS, 66 Warren St., New. York
See San Francisco
' as the birds see it.
Full course French din-
ner, $1; lunch, 75"c
Spreckels Rotlsserie, 15th Floor, Call building .
Facial Soap 2^^/ Facial Cream.
1 Soap E^/' Facial Cream.
Age. Illness, Care cause Wrinkles. Derma-
tologist JOHN H. WOODBURT. 127 West 42d
St., N. V., 163 State st., Chicago, has had over
26 years' practical experience removing Wrin-
kles, Crow's Feet, etc. No pain.
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY_THEATER.
THE BEST EVER.
"We Don't Care if You Never Come Back
The Operatic Farce Comedy,
"WHERE'S MATILDA?"
PRETTY GIRLS. CATCHY MUSI
NEW AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES
SOUVENIR MATINEES:
SATURDAY— ALBUM BOOKS.
SUNDAY-ROSES AND PHOTOS.
EVENING PRICES lac, 25c, 350 and 50c
Comedy Theater and 710 Market at.
Next— THE HENDERSON COMPANY.
MOROSCO'S GRAM
v altkr Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
WEEK OF OCTOBER 24. 1898.
GRAND REVIVAL!
ELABORATE PRODUCTION OF THE EVER
POPULAR SENSATIONAL DRAMA
STREETS OF .
NEW YORK
A Star Cast! A Powerful Play! A Great Fire
Scene! A Gorgeous Scenic Display! .
POPULAR PRICES "Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . i Oc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
"SEE HOW IT SPARKLES!"
—TO-NIGHT!
OLYMPUS PARLOR, N. S. G. W.
Great Production of Lecocq's Masterpiece,
_ GIROFLE
I GIROFLA
■ . . ,; • ■. ■■■■•-. ■
•THE BEST CAST EVER SEEN HERE."
Popular Prices ......................25c and 50
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c .:
-: ; 'I " .: •. Telephone Bush 9. '
INGLESIDE COURSINfi PARK.
NEXT SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE GREAT MATCH RACE
BETWEEN .'.
Rock Island Boy and Mayflower
For $1150.
SAPLING AND OPEN STAKE.
, ■ -.;,-. _ :\ .: -,■...; • V.: . ■• • ,- ■-■=" .;. .•»>•:.--.
Take Mission street car and it will land you
at. the gates. ..Admission 25c.. Ladles free. '
AMUSEMENTS.
COMING
SOCIAI^JEVENT !
SECOND ANNUAI^
CUSHION T^A
■weakT A
For the Benefit of tSfr
WOMAN'S EXCHANGE!
To be given at the residence of MRS. M. H. DE YOUNG, No. 1919 California street.
SATURDAY, November sth. from 2 to 5 p. m., 8 to 11 p. m.
A musical and varied entertainment afternoon and evening by some of the most prominent
young ladies and gentlemen. OVER FIFTY LADIES TAKING PART.
TICKETS H 00.
CHILDREN 25c.
Tickets can only be procured from the Lady Managers and at the Woman* Exchange,
46 Post street.
Under the management of the following ladles of the Exchange:
MRS. HENRY SCHMIEDEL, MRS. W T ILLIAM P. MORGAN,
MRS. LOUIS SLOSS, MRS. SANDS FORMAN,
MRS. JOHN CURRY, MRS. SAMUEL D. MAYER,
MRS. H. L. DODGE. MRS. W r EBSTER JONES,
MRS. E. S. BREYFOGLE, MRS. ADOLF and MISS GRACE UNGER.
MRS. ALBERT T. SCOTT, MRS. MAUD GERSTLE,
MRS. POPHIE LILIENTHAU, MRS. GEORGE A. KNIGHT,
MRS. N. G. KITTLE, MRS. H. E. HIGHTON,
MRS. SAMUEL KNIGHT, MISS JENNIE RLAIR,
MRS. LOUIS GERSTLE, MRS. R. E. BUNKER.
BALDWINJTHEATER.
Prices— 23c, 50c, 75c and $1.
THIS WEEK ONLY— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
AND BLANCHE BATES,
In a Superb Revival of Edward E. Rose's Great
gi Romantic Drama, THE
PRISONER
OF ZEND A.
A STRONG CAST!
: ELABORATE PRODUCTION!
Next Monday— Last Week of the Frawleys.
"THE TRANSIT OF LEO."
Friday Afternoon, Nov. 4— lbsen Matinee, "A
DOLL'S HOUSE."
N. B.— "Mistakes Will Happen."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Last Five Nights— Matinee Saturday.
THE REAL FUNNY BOYS,
MATBEWS AND BULGER.
Direction of Dunne and Ryley, presenting
the rag-time opera,
BY THE SAD_S£A WAVES.
py-V'npD * Sale of Seats Begins Thurs-
LAI IV t\. day, for
SOWING THE WIND.
FIRST PERFORMANCE,
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT!
CALIFORNIA_THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY. MATINEE SATURDAY.
William Calder's-
GREAT REALISTIC DRAMA,
"THE SPAN OF LIFE"
SEE THE HUMAN BRIDGE.
SEE THE GREAT LIGHTHOUSE SCENE.
Price 5.......... • ..15c, 25c, 33c and 800
' , 8X77?4-Hully Gee! '
Beginning SUNDAY NIGHT, October 80.
The Great Farce Comedy Hit,
"HOGAN'S ALLEY."
With the Yellow Kids— The , Only Mickey
Dugan. ...
CHUTES AND ZOO!
- * ' • ■ " > * ■-...".
EVER.V AFTERNOON
EVENING.
A FEAST OF FUN
IN THE FREE THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— NIGHT!
COME AND LAUGH.
SEE THE MUNICIPAL CANDIDATES IN
; MOVING PICTURES. .
TWO MONSTER PYTHONS IN THE ZOO!
10c, including ; Zoo and Theater; Children, *6c."
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIBARETTES.or POWDER
?arU, J.ESPIC; New York, E. FOLGERA & CO.
•■■«8?l»?PY*" DRUGGISTS
ALCAZAR THEATER.
SEATS BY PHONE— MAIN 254.
TO=NinffT AND during
*" 11 1 VI 11 1 ENTIRE WEEK.
David Belasco's Beautiful Play.
=TVT A X •••••••••
——• XUXa X •••••••••
==BLOSSOM
ALL NEW SCENERY.
Brle^ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week,
N. C. GOODWIN'S POLITICAL COMEDY,
"AMBITION." ■ --
— — — ,_ :: y
JOHN C. RICE and SALLY COHEN
In "OUR HONEYMOON."
THE ROSSOW MIDGETS.
Specialties by CHARLIE ROSSOW, the Small-
est Female Impersonator in the World. ■-■ '
MR. and MRS. E. MILTON ROYLE and
COMPANY In "Captain Impuden.ce."
Last Week of the Following:
MARY NORMAN, New Caricatures.
LOUIS M. GRANAT,. BARRY and FELIX,
RAY BURTON, THE BIOGRAPH. <s .
Reserved Seat, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 60c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK— CARL HERTZ, WORLD FA-
MOUS MAGICIAN, and Five New Acts.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting IS9S-99, beginning SATURDAY,
October 29, to November 12, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m., Sharp-
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, . 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 8 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
Track. ■ Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound. "
1 Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last raai»
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S BALL.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! AND SATURDAY
AFTERNOON,
.' .. Two Entertainments Given by
PEARL LADD^
California's Youngest: and Most Talented
Pianist and Dramatic Reader,
Assisted ■by SENORITA MATILDA and the
LOMBARDERO STRING QUARTET. '
ADMISSION, 50c. .
TWO MORE OF
THE HEINRICH RECITALS.
FRIDAY EVENING AT .
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S BALL.
And Saturday Afternoon -at the
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM,
.. Corner of Mason and Ellis sts.
. PRICES, 50c, ' 75c and $1. ■ Seats now on sal*
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a Music House. ;
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 A.M. to 6 P. M. During
the Winter Season.
ADMISSION 10c -*-"Xff^- CHILDREN 5j
Bathing, with admission, 2So; children, toe.
78
GOSSIP OF
THE HORSES
AND HORSEMEN
Barney Schreiber's
String Arrives.
HILDRETH'S STABLE DUESOON
RUINART, THE BURNS HANDI
CAP WINNER, IN TRAINING.
There Will Be a Dearth of Good Rid
ing Talent the Early Part of
the Meeting — Smart
Gallops.
The belated horsemen from the other
6ide of the mountains are at last begin
ning to drift in, and the California Jockey
Club's opening day at Oakland on Satur
day next will no doubt be largely attend
ed. Dick Williams, trainer for Barney
Schreiber, the St. Louis bookmaker, ar
rived at Emeryville yesterday with a car
load of racing material, the best being
Miss Marion, which filly finished a good
second to Alpen in the rich stallion stake
recently decided at Hawthorne track. The
others were Geneva. Good Hope, Grey
hurst. Schiller and Kosebeau. J. Ward
is the stable jockey, a lad formerly in the
employ of Charley Boots. In the same
car were Deerfoot and Beaumont, In
charge of "Butch" Covington, and a
couple of two-year-olds, the property of
Frank Phillips. Pick atatrs that his em
ployer will probably be here the early
part of the coming week.
Dick Clawson is stiU riding in the far
East and will not be seen in the saddle
here the ttrst part of the meeting. His
services will be greatly missed, for Jockey
talent of the rignt sort is a scarcity.
It is gossiped about In Eastern turf cir
cles that Jimmy MoCormick, former
trainer for Burns & Waterhouse, will
have charge of Sydney Paget's string of
high-priced horse flesh next season. If
Jimmy still has the Eastern turf reporters
under the command of his mesmeric in
fluences he ought to be a big hit.
According to Johnny Bronner of the
Pacific Coast Jo/;key Club, the stables of
Ed Corrigan, Dluke X & Wishard, W. B.
•Sink, Andy Hialc«:iy. ? arnl F. Ryan are now
en route here. ait Dunne, J_,ouis Ezell,
Doss & Co., D. £ Otimeron, the owner or
.May W; Tom KyanVChaney Boots, t\ D.
Collins, W. J. S»ith it Co. and W. J.
bpiers will ship-thtj Ir strings for here next
week. ■ . ; "..«: X ,">;.•;
i . T. Nichols,' tl{ vner of Lena, came
across the opn*i: in the car with
Behreiber's hoVsi?,'», le Apache mare was
quite a frequefct » ■:• around St. Louis
the past Bummo'
Butte, Mont., >> id of a plunger last
winter, a young v . c miner, who rolled
a two-bit piece up to the tidy sum of
$5000 and then ran that amount down
again to a pair of "blue overalls. He is
now at work in the mines again.
Old Zobair, the very useful son of St.
Savior, Js again in • training at Oakland
track. As with human beings, there seems
to be no rest for the weary among the
equine creation.'
Dr. Masoero, the well known veterinary,
has given it as his opinion that Auinart,
the best son of St. Carlo, will stand train
ing. Porter Ashe will probably give him
the opportunity, for the brown horse is
too shifty a piece of racing furniture to
stand idle.
Highland Ball, the good looking chest
nut horse which raceo. with so much suc
cess over the .Montana circuit the past
season, is galloping along smartly over at
Oakland and may take xome beating the
first part.
If J. Relff, the clever lightweight, gets
here in time he will toss the leg over
Ollnthus In the opening handicap.
Caesar Young, who arrived here from
St. Louis a week or more ago with a big
string of horses, is credited with beating
the St. l<ouis game out of $30,000 backing.
George Baldwin, it is said, thinks La
Goleta harshly treated win! 114 pounds in
the opening handicap, and that fleet mare
may be, a starter in another race Satur
day. v ■ ■;.:■:
Good-natured "Wash Norvell, who at
tends to the rear window in one of George
Rose's books, dropped In on his Frisco
friends Monday, accompanied, by Mrs.
NorvelL
Although a pronounced frost East tne
past summer. Dr. Rowell's Burns' handi
cap winner, Satsuma, is galloping nicely
at the track over the bay, and, no doubt,
will receive strong backing to win the
handicap Saturday. It is said Jimmy Cof
fey is again looking after the chestnut
horse. The pair were always fast friends,
and Satsuma may regain her. lost form.
P F is one of the most improved horses
in this section of the country.. He is step
ping along like a real good one at Oak
land track, and will be hard to beat in his
The trainers are beginning to send their
horses along a bit. On Monday Morlnga
worked a mile handily in 1:479*, and Mar-
Dlot breezed once around the ring In I:o0.
Both will probably start In the handicap
Saturday. The track Is liberally harrowed
up and seems to suit Napamax,, which
filly is doing some catchy gallops. Oscu
lation shows signs of lameness, and may
not start the first day.
Charley Gray, who rode Here last season
for Tully Coulter, Is back again and since
he was hero last has added a third of | a
dozen Inches or so to his stature. He .s
galloping Dr. Rowell's horses. ■
g Johnny Woods is still in the employ of
Burns & Waterhouse, but. it is said, will
receive his release the Ist of November.
He is a bright little fellow In the saddle,
and will not want for mounts. •_ '
Sam Hildreth's stable,, including the
stake winner George Keene. left New
York for California last Monday.
••Bluff" Week, a layer of prices well
known around the Middle" Western tracks,
but a stranger in these diggings, will be
one of the new additions to the book-
who while in Montana
last summer signed a three years con
tract with Johnny Campbell, is at his
home in Salinas. Shaw could not get
along smoothly, with. Johnny, and left
without saying good-by. " -
Frank Taylor has a string of horses out
cantering every morning at Oakland,
among which are Benamela, Lincoln H,
Captive and Hamilton. All were at..one
time pronounced cripples, but seem to be
moving nicely. the well-known local layer
.) X Willis, the well-known local layer
of prices, is sizing the situation up and
may cut in the • first day. "Jack Is a
good one with the chalk and can get the
coin in "any man's town." -■ ■
F'od Merkel. who prepared Ruinart for
his races, has old Don Fulano. Colonial
L':.mc, .Halite-tor and i a • half brother to
j> itotto out cantering every morning.
Joe Rose, the bookmaker, a heavy win-,
ncr the past season, is expected to arrive
In town to-day. •■
Otey Evans, „ Henry Flittner and, Sam
Shaen. of George .Rose's cr«w, were ex
pected in from the Eastern country last
night. . . .. . :,.,..
Tommy- Keating, now. since his triumph
ant tour -down the grand circuit with
Searchlight- 2:04^, -Klatawah 2:05'^.". Ana
conda 2:04%. and Dione Z'.WA, the most
famous -reinsman in . America,, is home
again, and resting up .at - Pleasanton:
Keating, and Us record-breakers, got In
Tuesday night from Lexington. Ky. The
campaign of , these horses was nothing
short of phenomenal, and the p. table comes
back with the three, four and five year
old world's race record for pacers as
trophies, and the credit of having won
almost $30,000 in stakes and purses. Klat
awah,. the champion three-year-old, was
not brought back, he being one of the
atars to go under the hammer at the
•omlng-Fasig sale. Dione, the -grand lit
tle daughter of Eros, while not a cham
pion, won four out of eight starts, and
In one heat at Terre Haute was a length
behind the winner. Eagle Flanigan, in a
heat wiggled ■ off In 2:07%. According to
an attache of the stable, Searchlight won
ten out of eleven starts, Klatawah was
beaten but once In seven essays, and Ana
conda got first money in eleven out. of
fifteen starts. . :■ Mr. Keating was .in . poor
health nearly the entire season, most > of
the driving being . done by McHenry. the
Eastern relnsman. • Al - Coney, ; the con
fidential friend of Tommy,, who "went
down the line" with the stable, la also
back, and was' busy yesterday shaking
bands jfjjh bja m,anj : fr,iends v -^
THE FLORISTS
PLAY POORLY
AT THE BAT
For This Reason They
Lost a Game.
EGAN SHOULD HAVE BUNTED
HIS DISPENSING WITH TEAM
WORK INJURIOUS.
With a Man on First and One on
Second With Nobody Out It ,
Is a Good Play to
Bunt.
By Joe Corbett.
The "Florists" of San Jose really star
tled me on Sunday last by the poor and
strictly amateurish methods which they
employed while at bat during their con
test with the Oaklands.
Since the game began to flourish I
have not witnessed such instances of in
ferior batting, and by a team which is
composed of such good talent. The partic
ular play which I intend criticizing (and
It will stand just a little bit) is visible in
the make-up oi all the clubs in the league,
barring the Sacramentos, and is one
which should be corrected before the
lesser lights of baseballdom become Im
bued with the idea that the present man
ner of consummating it is the only and
proper way.
This misplay originates from the fact
that there are a number of players in
this Pacific Coast League who do not
know, and,* I dare say, never will know
what team work really is, and the im
mense amount of benefits that are to be
derived from its use; andfelso that they are
either ignorant of the fact or are familiar
with it and don't care— which would make
matters a trifle more serious— that an oc
casional bunt or sacrifice at the proper
moment would do more toward a team's
success than almost any other play.
In Sunday's game the Florists made
I but one run despite the fact that on three
different occasions they had two men on
bases with no one out. This Is very poor
baseball. True, Pitcher Russell of the
opposition was doing excellent service,
yet it makes no difterence how well a
pitcher may be doing, he can be bunted.
He can be "bunted when it is almost im
possible to hit him safely, and when the
Florists had men on first and second,
with no one out there was but one play
to make, especially when it was apparent
that sate hits were mighty scarce, and
that play was to bunt or sacrifice. Had
the Florists indulged in this style of play,
and the situation did demand It, surely
they might have won the game, and if
not so fortunate at least runs would have
crossed the plate to their credit. This is
so for the reason that in each instance
where a bunt would have advanced two
runners, a long fly or a hit follows, and
on each of these the man who should
have been on third would have scored.
Instead of sacrificing or bunting, how
evr, as every team should do in such
situations, each player did his utmost to
[ send the bail over the housetops to
Ninth street, and in consequence one
fouled out, another went out on a short
fiy and another hit a liner to second
base from which a double play enßued.
To better acquaint the players and
readera of this article with the point in
question 1 will take up one of those mis
takes from its beginning. With a man
on first and one on second "Truck" Egan,
that handsome individual, came to bat.
Hts only play was to advance the run
ners and to do this it was necessary to
bunt or sacrifice, which in such an
i exigency, would be about the same thing.
I Instead of doing so he attempted to knock'
I the cover off the sphere, and failed, a lit
! tie foul fly being the best he could do,
j and this was gobbled up by the catcher.
The batter following Egan hit a fly to
short center Held and was out. The run
ner on second could hardly have made
third, and displayed excellent judgment
;in remaining where he was. The next
! batter made a hit to right. The ball was
fieldt- 1 rapidly and this runner on second
could not score. The next man up went
I out on a grounder, and mind you, out of
iit all, not a run crossed the plate. Egan
was the one responsible. If he had bunt
i ed, the runners on first and second would
I have advanced to second and third. The
i fly- to short center would, I feel certain,
have scored that man on third, and on
the throw to the plate, made in the hope
of shutting off this run, the one on sec
j ond, would, in all events, have gone to
third, and scored on the hit to right field.
Egan, by his "hit it over the fence"
methods, simply threw two runs away,
and if he is accorded the privilege of us
ing his own judgment at bat, it la high
time the management censured him. If,
however, he was told by the captain to
j "hit it out," it is time the club directors
I elected a man to the captaincy who is
; capable of directing players to do some
i thing that is baseball and worthy of com
j mendation.
i It was really aggravating, after all that
| has been said regarding team work at bat,
I to see players throw games away simply
i because they desire to make of themselves
[ heroes— that only shine, by-the-by, but a
I brief minute. The patrons of baseball in
I the Eastern r.iAes will hoot and hiss a
! player unmercifully if he casts aside team
work to satisfy any other motive. They
Ido this because they understand the
! game, and the first thing the players of
the league know the hissing and hoot act
will be taken up by the fans at Recrea
; tion Park, and goodness only knows
' where it will stop.
There is no getting away from the fact
; that team work at the bat. as well as in
< the field, is indispensably necessary to a
club's success. It is an appalling sight
to see an aggregation like the "Florists"
play such poor ball at bat. One indiscre
i tion In a game might be overlooked, but
j when throe of them occur of a similar
; nature in the same contest and a game
j that might be won is thrown away, one
!!s liable to lftdulge— and justly so — in
thoughts that reflect no credit on the
| team or Its captain.
Ii is Impossible to state what really
' would have happened had the Florists
! made some attempt at team work in Sun
i day's game. Scan's stupidity I have men
| tioned, and it i.s not difficult to conceive
: the amount of damage his eagerness for
: glory brought his cohorts. And as Jwo
other players on that team made the same
mistake, one can readily see that the San
Jose players need a good shaklrtg up for
dispensing witn team work at a time
; when It is most needed. . There are a
I number of other players scattered
through the league who also need a shak
' ing- up on the same point, and the sooner
i!t Is done the better. They should be
ma.;<» to realize that team work is more
desiraUle than off-hand«>rl pUiying, and tne
patrons of the game shouiu not interfere
v Ith the player's intentions when he is
endeavoring to bunt and thereby make
the proper play by yelling to him to "hit
It out " This Is very bad form, and often
spoils a good plft^ In conclusion, 1 will
say once again that it is always a good
play to bunt with a man on first and one
'< on second, with no one out. And I trust
! the Fforlsts will make all the runs they
can in the future Instead of throwing
them away.
HEAVY-WEIGHT PUGILISTS.
! Nick Burley Will Fight Jack Stelzner
Before the Sacramento
Club.
As a return match between Jack Stelas
ner and Joe Kennedy is now doubtful, be
cause of Kennedy's proposed contest with
Jeffries, next month, Nick Burly, who has
Just returned from Roslin, after having
fought a ten-round bout with an Austra
lian pugilist named "Coolgardle" Smith,
states that he will take Kennedy's place
and fight Stelzner before the Sacramento
Club or any other club any distance from
ten to twenty rounds. Burley whipped
several fighters during the summer in
British Columbia.
7 Advances made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal J. Kooaan,ioi7-102*Mi«8ioa,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOREB 27, 1898^
REAL ESTATE
IS STEADILY
IMPROVING
Encouraging State of
the Market.
MANY SALES NEGOTIATED
A COMPLETE CHANGE FOR THE
BETTER PREDICTED.
A Review of the Records, New
Building Contracts, Recent
Sales and General
Notes.
Real estate is still slowly and gradually
Improving and conditions now point to
the certainty that before the present year
is over the market will have gradually
evolved from the long existent stagnation
which has characterized and impeded its
progress for a year or more and enter on
a new era of prosperity.
In every department there is a marked
indication of a gradual change for the
better. Sales are becoming more numer
ous, and. although not as yet of unusual
value, still are of a valuation which brings
encouragement to brokers inasmuch as
it is continually increasing on new nego
tiations.
The general idea that, unless large sales
are being made continually, the market
must necessarily be depreciating is er
roneous. As long as there is a steady
business animation or life realty will be
considered in a good condition.
This fact is being more fully realized
as the number of medium sales continue
to increase daily. Property owners who
have been so backward and timid in both
buying and selling are becoming satisfied
that the "world of realty" is steadily ad
vancing to a condition of life and pro
gress. It is claimed that as soon as prop
erty holders become confident and fully
convinced of the advancing encour
aging conditions of the market real es
tate will find a ready market and a good
price:
The building operations throughout the
city, although not very extensive, still
indicate by their increasing number an
evident improvement on the records for
the previous week. Advance in this de
partment seems general, not being re
stricted to any one section or individual
district of the city.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were forty-six mort
gages and trust deetis recorded, aggregating a
total value of $174,135. For the name period
thirty-one releases and reconveyances passed to
record in the total sum of >01.02;>.
The principal mortgagee and trust deeds are
as follows:
By E. B. Pond and H. Campbell, trustees
of the San Francisco Suvlngs Union, to Mary
E. Daniels, $10,600 on two pieces of property
in the Western Addition block 517 and the 50
vara block 223, situated respectively on the
northwest corner of Page and Devlsadero
streets, north 30 by west 107:6, the westerly
line of Ashbury street, 267:3 feet south of
Waller, south 25 by west IS6-.3, and the west
erly line of Taylor street, 111:? 1 * feet south of
Post, south 25:10i.4 by west 60; by the La So
clete Francalse to Emma or Emmie and Ella
Lolor, $49,000 on pruperty In the One Hundred
block 371 and Mission block 77, situated re- I
spectlvely on the northwesterly line of MisFlon '
street, 340 feet northeast of Fifth, and the
southwest corner of Guerrero and Nineteenth,
west 75 by south 114; by S. C. Blgelow and A.
A. Smith, trustees of the Savings and Loan
Society, to Henry and Julia M. Fischer, $23,000
on two pieces of property in 60-vara block 223,
situated resjjectlvely on the northerly line of
Geary street, 62:6 feet east of Jones, east 75
by north 77:6. and the easterly line of Jones,
77:6 feet north of Geary, east 137:6 by north
10; by Louis Schultz to O. H. Mackreth and
John C. Wender, $19,000 on property in Western
Addition block 472. situated on the northwest
corner of Scott and Greenwich streets.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Kearny street, between Washington and
Merchant — Iron armored conduit system for
electric light wiring of Hall of Justice; owner,
city; architects, Shea & Shea; contractors,
Bateman Brothers; sub-contractor, Wybro
! Heady Company; cost, $2116.
Northerly line of Pacific avenue, 92:6 feet
east of Pierce, east 65 by north 127:8^4— A1l
work, except furnishing face brick, painting,
plumbing, heaters, gas fixtures, etc.. for a
two-story attic and basement brick building;
owner, Charles Page; architect, F. S. Van
Trees; contractors, Williams Brothers; cost,
112,469.
Easterly line of Main street, 229:2 feet south
of Howard, south 45:10 by east 137:6— A1l work,
except roofing, gutters, roof flashings, side
walk, curbing and iron front for a two-story
brick building; owner, P. F. Dundon; archi
tect T J. Welsh; contractor, A. McElroy;
cost. $6848.
Westerly line of Dolores street, 155 feet north
of Twenty-fourth, north 40 by west 117:6— All
work for a two-story frame dwelling; owners,
I Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Anderson; architect, C. A.
Doss; contractors, Schley & Doss; cost, $8300.
Westerly line of Seventh avenue, 500 feet
south of Lake, north 48:10 by south 112 by east
2i and by west 110 — All work for a two-story
frame dwelling, with a barn, fences, etc. ;
owner. S. R. Harvey; architect, A. W. Smith;
contractor, C. M. MacGregor; cost, $2524.
Southerly line of Clay street, distance there
on running thence 75 feet east on Clay street,
by south 120 feet — All work for alterations to a
2-Btory brick building known as Nos. 41. 43, 45
Clay street; owner, Mrs. Rosa Oppenheimer;
architect, M. J. Lyon; contractors, M. Fen
nel 1 & Son; cost, $1006.
No. .S Eddy street — All work for alterations to
Frank's billiard parlor; owner, Jesse E. Marks
& Co.; architect, W. O. Banks; contractors,
G. H. and S. Walker; cost, $2460.
Southerly line of Geary street, 91:1 feet east
I of Laguna, east 24:11V4 by south 120— All work
except mantels, gas fixtures, etc., for a 1~
story frame dwelling; owner, Mary E. Acker
son; architects, Martens & Coftey; contractor,
J. E. Mooney; cost, $2750.
Green street wharf, pier No. 15 — Coal bunkers,
derricks, etc.; owner, Richard D. Chandler;
engineer, Howard C. Holmes; contractor, San
Francisco Bridge Company; cost, $23,687.
Northeast corner of Mission and Second
streets, northeast 112 by southeast 160 — Paint
ing and whitewashing for a 6-story brick
liullding; owners, Wells, Fargo & Co.; archi
tects, Percy & Hamilton; contractors, W. T.
Veitch; cost, $1065.
Westerly line of Jones street, 27:G feet north
nf Vallejo, north 27:6 by west 100— All work for
alterations and additions to a 2-story frame
building (flat«); owners, S. S. and Sarah Frank
lin; architect, plans by contractor, \V. O. Pe
terson: cost. $1800.
Southeasterly line of Guy place, 125 feet
southwest of First street, southwest 50 by
southeast 70 — All work for alterations to a 3
story frame building; owner, E. A. Sandstrotu;
contractors, Douglass & Co. ; cost, $1080.
RKCKNT SALES.
The firm of Easton, Eldridge & Co. sold by
public auction last Tuesday noon the followinjf
list of property: Lot 27:6 by 104, on north side
of Market, 114:6 feet, west of Franklin, with
double frontage; store and flat on Market street
and two flats on Page street. Lot 55:6 by 100,
with stores and coal yard, on southwest corner
of Seventeenth and Church. Four tenements,
renting for $f.2, and lot 37 by 80, on south Bide
Of Natoma, 275 feet west of Third. Six flats
and two stores, renting for $100, and lot 60
by 110, on south side of Fifteenth, 50 feet west
of Shotwell. House of 7 rooms and cottage of
5 rooms, on lot 25 by 90. on north line of How
art, N feet west of Eighth. There will also
be offered a. lot on Ashbury Heights, a cottage
In Richmond and several other places.
The same firm will sell at auction next Tues
day 250 acres lying between Centerville and
Irvlngton, Alameda County, and known as the
Threffi-t property. The land will be sold In
ten and twenty-acre tracts, and the sale will
take place on the grounds.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report the following
list of recent sales:
Judge William T. Wallace to Fred Nielson,
lot 35:2x120 feet situate on east line of Ninth
avenue 300 feet north of C street.
Judge William T. Wallace, lot 107:6x100 feet
situate on northwest corner of C street and
Eighth avenue. ■
Dan : Einstein to Josephine , A. Glvens, im
£rovementß and lot 25x8D ; feet on west line of
yon street,' 80 feet south of Oak. : :
Mrs. Qulnton to George -Townes, ■ lot on east
line of Chattanooga street, 129 feet south, of
Twenty-first street, . 25x125. - • . • '
Callaghan Estate Company to ' Herman Scho-'
maker, , lot '50x97:6 feet on southeast corner of
Nineteenth and Capp streets. . .4. '.. •.*-.,-
Mrs. C. J. Clarke , to ( Charles Gander, lot SOx
115 feet situate : on ' south '-, line 'of Army street,
268:6 feet east of Mission street. V >■ ,
, - Lena Burmelster to Charles Waterbury, lot
26x125 feet situate on east line of Chattanooga
street, 126 feet north of Twenty-second street.
Mrs. Nelson '. to John .P. s Ha«erty, lot ,IS :9x :
60 feet situate on south line of Broadway, 225
feet east •• of Jones street. : ■■■' , ::;-■■
-.. A. IK. Turner to -C.; B. ■ Church, cottage -"No."
240 Thirteenth : avenue . and ■ lot 28x120 . feet, be
tween Clement and California streets. . - ' '■-•■:
i Jin. Leonard to Amelia Jfc tfoyan, lot 2Sx
120 feet situate on west line of Bartlett street,
distant 110 feet south of Twenty-third sreet.
Calvin E. Knickerbocker to William Schehr,
Nos. 20, 22 and 24 Baker street, 27:6x96:10""4.
Colsus Brower to J. J. Reilly, lot 32:«x1C0 feet
situate on southwest corner of California street
south and Second avenue.
Mrs. Bogen to Jeremiah F. Fleming, lot 25:6 x
96 feet situate on west line of Noe street, 2o
feet south of Henry street.
Dunn Estate to H. E. Bothln, northeast cor
ner of New Montgomery and Minna streets,
89:6x80.
Dunn Estate to William Glselman, improve
ments and lot 40x87:6 feet on southwest oorner
of Page and Octavla streets.
Dunn Estate to A. I*. Villagia, lot 80x114 feet
on northwest corner of Duncan and Sanchez
streets. ■
Dunn Estate to A. Downey, Improvements
at No. 140 Minna street and lot 26x80.
H. F. Pickle to Ole Person, lot on east line
of Vermont street, 150 feet north of Humboldt
street, 25x100.
Mrs. Baum to Mrs. Sharp, lot 137x139 feet.
Irregular, on east line of Nebraska street, 12u:b
feet south of Marlposa street.
Sol J. Levy to Calvin E. Knickerbocker, lot
25x100 feet on north line of Page street, 81:3
feet east of Clayton street.
George W. Cusick to J. A. Ferguson, lot on
east line of Hampshire street, 175 feet north of
Butte street, 25x100.
George W. Cusick to J. A. Ferguson, lot on
south line of B street, 72:10 feet east of Four
teenth avenue. 36:5x155.
Mangle Mero et al. to I. Klein, improvements
at No. 521 Birch avenue and lot 25x60.
RANDOM NOTES.
William H. Crocker will shortly commence
the erection of a residence in the vicinity of
Prince Poniatowski's new home at San Mateo.
A number of residents of Sunnyslde appeared
before the Board of Education this week for
the purpose of outlining the necessity for the
construction of a new $5000 school building.
Figures are now being taken for the proposed
Episcopal church at Alameda, new parish
house, etc.. from designs by G. Alexander
Wright of this city.
Thomas B. Bishop has bought eleven feet
three inches additional of the Wallace prop
erty on the northerly line of Broadway, im
mediately east of Fillmore street, which gives
him in all 137:6 frontage on the easterly line of
the lot ami a depth of 275 feet to Vallejo street
The properly will shortly be used for the erec
tion of a mapnlllcent new residence.
A. R. Baldwin will soon build a $5000 resi
dence on the northeast corner of Union and
Devisadero streets on plans by Tharp &
Holmes.
The Brill room of the Baldwin Hotel is to
be converted ■ into stores, and various other
changes made by M. J. Lyon. the architect.
The work of improving the/ property of M. A.
Dorn on the east side of Powell street. 55 feet
south of Geary, is under way. The building
will be raised and two stores will be built
underneath, while other Improvements will be
made above.
Baldwin & Howell are meeting with good in
quiry for lots in the blocks between Etfjnth
and Ninth. Tenth and Eleventh avr-nues. N and
O streets, south of the Park. Many of the buy
ers express the intention of building. The same
firm also report a long list of sales in other
sections o* the city.
The Fire Patrol will have new quarters on
Park avenue, opposite the City Hall, [t will
be a two-story brick structure, to be erected
by the owner on the property, Mrs. S. S. Foor
man. at a cost of about 53500.
The Park Congregational Church has been
allowed to mortgage Its property on the south
line of Hayes street, east of Central avenue,
for ?7000.
The priests of the Franciscan order have
commenced the construction of a btoud of
buildings, consisting of a new church mon
astery and schoolhouse on their property situ
ated on the southerly line of Golden Ga'e ave
nue, between Jones and Leavenworth streets.
The estimated cost is $100,000.
HEAVY-WEIGHTS MATCHED.
Jim Jeffries and Joe Kennedy Have
Signed Articles to Fight in
November.
Billy Delaney, the manager of Jim Jef
fries, the heavy-weight pugilist of South
ern California, held a conference yester
day with "Young" Mitchell, who is man
ager for Joe Kennedy, the fighter who
recently defeated Stelzner In Woodward's
Pavilion by being awarded a decision.
Mitchell has great confidence in Kennedy
whipping any of the big fellows now In
the professional ranks excepting Bob
Fitzsimmons, and feeling satisfied that a
contest between Jeffries and Kennedy
would result favorably for the local man,
he issued a challenge to Jeffries^ which
"deft" was quickly accepted by Delaney.
Articles have been drawn up and signed
for a twenty-round bout to be held in
Woodward's Pavilion in the latter part
of November. The club that offers the
better inducements will get the fight.
The agreement reads that the winner of
the match will receive 75 per gent of the
! winner's end and the loser 25 per cent.
Kennedy has been taking the best of
care of himself and will certainly be in
splendid form when he is called upon to
give an account of himself. Jeffries is In
Los Angeles working at his trade, which Is
that or a boilermaker. His friends say
that his left thumb, which was badly In
jured when he fought Bob Armstrong
(colored) in New Tork, is rapidly improv
ing and that the pugilist will have sound
hands on the evening he will toe the
scratch in Woodward's Pavilion. Doubt
less the Excelsior Athletic Club, which
has a permit for an entertainment in No
vember, will capture the heavy-weight
prize.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUNKtNNtao lUKtu.
It is now Within Reach of Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard— A Trial Package of a Mar-
velous Home Remedy Mailed Free to
All Who_Write for It.
Can be Given in Tea, Coffee or Food, Thus Absolutely and
Secretly Curing the Patient in a Short Time
Without His Knowledge.
MR. AND MRS. JOHN M. HATTON.
There is a cure for Drunkenness that has shed
a radiance into thousands of hitherto desolate
firesides. It does its work so silently and surely
that while the devoted wife, ? sister, or daughter
looks on the drunkard Is reclaimed even against
his will and without his knowledge or co-opera-
tion. The discoverer' of this grand remedy. Dr.
Haines, will send a sample of . the remedy | free
to ; all who will write for it Enough of the rem-
edy * is 'mailed free to show how It is used in tea,
coffee or,food and that it will cure the dreadea
habit quietly and ■ permanently. . . . "
'■_': Mrs} V John ;M. Hatton, a lady .' residing in
Lebanon, : 0. ,' • ' used ►■ the : « remedy as s described
above and her experience, : told :In her ; own
words, ;t; t will i quite likely f interest : all women
deeply. lira. Hatton says: Yes, I used Golden
Specific without 'my husband's ; knowledge and
completely cured ■ him. /;. : / : .
/' He was a hard drinker, a gcod man .when so- j
ber,* but : for years •I : lived ; In . fear and s dread, j
shame and • despair, poverty i and disgrace. How
shall ?I , tell =■ other women about ■ It 7 : : Is It not
a. wonderful thing that a woman can tak« mat-
ters :In her own = hands ; and stamp out this
dreadful • curse fto ; the home? • ; I.am • «lad you
are going to : publish my experience, for .: then I
know It will reach hundreds of other poor souls
and % they i will ;.' cure their i husbands f Just ■ as I
cured mine, yi am : so grateful' for the marvelous
changes J that :; have ; come * into! my, ~ life | that '-. I
Just > feel ! like 1 I would •do anything to \ let every
wire and mother know .. w bat a \ blessing Golden
MEN WHO UNDERWENT
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION
RECRUITING THE NATIONAL
GUARD OF CALIFORNIA.
Those Who Were Before the Surgeons
Have All Made a Very
Good Showing.
The physical examination of>4he men
who are to compose i the new National
Guard of California was commenced Tues
day night in the regimental armory at the
corner of Page and Gough streets. The
examination was carried on according to
the rules laid down for the United States
army, and was -conducted by Lieutenant
Colonel Hanson, surgeon on the staff of
Brigadier General AVarfleld, in the com
pany room of Company D. It was super
vised by Major Jansen, chief of the mus
tering officers, and Majors Margo and
Wagner. The physical work was per
formed by Surgeons Dunn and Hamlin of
the Fifth Infantry. Harris and Morrisey
of the Naval Militia, FHzgibbons of
Troop A and Major Peddlar, surgeon at
the Presidio Hospital. Major Schmitt of
the division staff was also present.
The men who were examined were
those who have signed the petition to be
come members of Company L of the
First Regiment and those who are anx
ious to enter the ranks of Company B.
The men made a remarkably good
showing, all being of good build, well de
veloped and free from deformities, and it
was the expressed opinion of the examin
ing surgeons that the percentage of re
jection would be exceedingly small. Aa
rapidly as a company is examined the
surgeons' reports will be forwarded to the
office of the adjutant general, wher they
will be passed upon. As soon as one
company shall have been accepted at
general headquarters, the men accepted
will be called upon to elect their officers.
and the same night they will be mustered
In.
Last night there was an examination
of the men who have asked to join Com
panies C and G at the Ellis-street
armory to-night those who want
to Companies H and B will be ex
amined at the regimental armory, on
Friday night those who petitioned to join
Company F of the Fifth Infantry will be
examined in Oakland, and on Saturday
the unexamined of Company B will ap
pear before the surgeons at the regi
mental armory.
This is the first time in the history of
the National Guard of California that
men have been examined before admis
sion into service of the State.
GOLF TOURNAMENTS.
The San Francisco Club Has Ar
ranged a Schedule for Seven
Months.
The San Francisco Gulf Club is now In
a flourishing condition and has arranged
a schedule of tournaments which is as
follows:
Tuesday, November 1 — Ladies' handicap,
18 holes; Saturday, November 6 — Liverpool sil
ver medal, men's handicap; Tuesday, Novem
ber 15 — Wlnslow medal, ladles' handicap; Sat
urday, November 19 — Open competition, 18
holes; Saturday, December 10, 10 a. m. — Ladles'
foursomes, handicap, 9 holes; ladies' competi
tion in driving; Saturday, l>ecember 17— Men's
competition in driving; men's competition in
approaching; Tuesday, December 20 — Wlnslow
medal, ladles' handicap; Saturday. December
24 — (Match play), men's championship; Mon
day, January 2, 1899, 10 a. m.— Gold medal,
men's championship; 2 p. m., Liverpool silver
medal, men's handicap; Saturday, January' I*.
10 a. m. — Winslow medal, ladies' handicap;
Saturday, January 21 — (Handicap), men's four
somes, IS holes; Tuesday, January 24— (Handi
cap), mixed foursomes, IS holes; Saturday,
February < — Liverpool silver medal, men's han
dicap; Saturday, February 11, 10 a. m.— Wlns
low medal, ladles' handicap; Saturday, Febru
ary 18— Open competition, ladies; Wednesday,
February 22— (Match play), open competition,
men' a; Saturday, March 4 — Liverpool silver
medal, men's handicap; Saturday. March 11, 10
a. m.— Winslow medal, ladles' handicap; Sat
urday, March 18— Men's competition in driving;
men's competition In approaching; Tuesday,
March 21 — Ladles' foursomes handicap. 18
holes; Saturday, April 8— Liverpool silver
medal, men's handicap; Tuesday, April 11—
Winslow medal, ladies' handicap; Saturday,
April 15, 10 a, m.— Ladies' competition in driv
ing; ladlee' competition in approaching; Satur
day, April 15. 2 p. m. — Men's foursomes, 18
holes, handicap; Saturday. April 29— Men's open
competition, 18 holes; Saturday, May 6. 10 a.
m.— Wlnslow medal, ladies' handicap; Saturday,
May 13 — Liverpool silvor medal, men's handi
cap; Tuesday, May 16, Wednesday, May IT—
Ladies' championship; Saturday, May 29— Men's
championship..
An entrance fee of 50 cents will be charged
for each event.
On the days of the tournament for the Liver
pool silver medal a special prize will be offered
to be played for by those who have the best six
grow scores, each player to retain his handi
cap, 9 holes.
Specific is. I honestly believe It will cure any
drunkard, ' no " matter how far down he ; may.
have, fallen. ; Faithfully yours, , / , ;.--.?V >
Mrs. John M. Hatton, P.O. box 101, Lebanon, O.
■Hundreds- of others are - reported, ' even " the
.worst cases, where, the habit seems r to* have <
blotted out . the last remaining spark of - self-
respect. ; '\ . j, v\ .-; ■■'■;-■ ■
'-.Tears and prayers are of no use. / Pleading,
pledges, loss ■of social or business position ; are ?
unavailing to stem the tide" of absolute deprav-
ity. „ This famous r remedy, • Golden Specific, ' dis-
covered by . Dr. Halnes. has ; reunited thousands
of scattered families. !It has saved thousands of .
men to social and business prominence and pub-
lic respect; has guided many a young man Into
the right: road to fortune; has saved t the father,
the brother, the son and in many cases the, wife
and daughter, too. Such a godsend to the fire-
side should be known to every one. Dr. Hainea
is not . a philanthropist in his own estimation,
and yet he :. Is ; one ; of ; the greatest benefactors
to the family we know of. Upon; application to
Dr. J. :W. Haines. 582 Glenn Building, Cincin-
nati, 0.. he ; will ; mall a : free '; trial package of
the remedy ,to . you, ; securely I sealed, In a ; plain
wrapper; . also • full directions : how to : use '"■ it,
books, testimonials I from >- hundreds who ;. have
been j cured :: and everything t needed - to '■ aid you
In caving .; those I near and ', dear ;to ■ you ? from ]a :
Ufa of J degradation • and ultimate ; poverty " and
disgrace.
'.; Send " for a free ' trial , to-day.'- It will brighten
tke rest at xour me.
TO BUYERS.
Pnrchasers' Guide to Eespoosible Kerdiants. Manafactnrers, Brokers, Im*
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the yellowing FlrmJ Flsice K«nMon "Thj CalL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
fUtlstlc Furniture and (\rt Ware Importers. .
1 17 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock . FIT I ID C. fn 11 Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. nILrLdT U. VW* San Francisco. .
- — ■ I
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
VM.SCfIO£NING > Shipping trade supplied.
Wif!- SLfIUcrHPIU, 6SS Broadway street.
BELTING.
LP : TIFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and
Jr. IICUCII, ace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS. ..
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045. ' <
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDICV £ CAVC— Makers and Dealers In
Dill tt SUilJL.andaus, Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St.. Ban Francisco. ' .
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS.
The World's Greatest Tonic, Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. 1517 Market st. '■ ■
COAL. COKE AND PIG 'IRON.
J. C. WILSON & C 0.,.
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
: 1 j,
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox. Eupt. H. Slytn. M«r.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5041.
"~ •; DENTIST. "*"
DR. C- W. RICHARDS, II 7 k p^4 tl^m y .
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. s s o c n co s^ a ?e d i. s^?n n i
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS.
411-413 California street, rear.
Capital Represented.. over 314.000.000
FLOUR.
V 1 TTftV 1 T Flour Mills. J. Martenat<>:n ft Co.
HA I lull AL BW. cor. Battery end Paclflo sts.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
jas. boyes & COM.gCTUTOTbg
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. Importers & Dealers
*in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
. ■OrTIIKRN PACIFIC - CO9IPAHT,
(PACIFIC »Y«TE3t.)
Trnlm !•»>«> nnd nre due to arrive at
MAN rit.4N«'lK('«K
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
wave — . F&ou Oct. 9. 1838, — abrivi
•6:00 a Niles, Sao Jose and Way Btations... *Bi4sa
7:00 a Brnicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:00 a Marjsrllle, OroTille Keddinz Tia -
' Woodland ........................ si4Sp
7:OOa Elmira, Vacarille and Rnmsey 9:45p
7sBOa Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoifa and Santa RoEa . «il3?
•:OOa Atlantic EiprßM, Ofdßii and Kast.. : BUO7 .
■i3oa San .lose, .Stockton, Valley Spring,
- lone, Sacramento, ■ Mnryßviile.
Chioo, Tehama and Red H1u1T.... 4il3p
8: SO a Stock Oak dale and Jamestown.. 7il»r
•*:3oa Mnton «7jlOP
9:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, - Merced
end Fresno 18:13*
■i«M»a Fresno, BakersQeld. Santa Barbara,
Loa Angeles, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6t45p
Frosao, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
tiuez....... 6i45r
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations .:•••»?
•IsOOp Sacramento llirer Steamers. ■ «8:00p
liOOp Kilos. San Jose and Way Stations... 11:43 a
....... San Joae. Nilcs and Way Stations... 1»«13a
2:00p Niles, Tracy, Mendota, Hanford and
Visalia.... 4»15j»
....... LWermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JIO:13a
4tOOr Martinez, Pan Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoea, El Verauo and
Smita »ilO*
4:00p Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland, •.-..'■
Knights Landing. MaryßTiUe. Oro-
villo and SHcrainento 10:45*
4:30p Haywards, Niles and Ban Jose 7:43 a
8:00f Martinez, Tracy, Meodota, Fresno, .
Mojare, Santa Barbara and Los
Angel.-* »'« 3 *
SiOOp SanU I'm Route. Atlantic Eipreas _.
for Mojavo and Knst.. «j43f
SiSOpKUas, San Jose, Traoy. Lathrop.
Merced and Fresno ■••■■"•;
5:30p Stockton ■" 1 ? : 1? P
OiOrti- Kiin.nean Mall, Ogilen and Kast.... ,-J : *-2 A
••:»«p Vallejo : l*xl.lr
)7:OOp V«UeJo, Port Costa and Way Bta-
tlons t9:4»»
8:OOp Oregon K*|>ress,Saornnieuto, Marys-
- , " *llle, Ito<MiiiK, I'ortlaiid. Tugsk
y^ So land Host »' lg V
SAX JiKAKDKO *M> lIAVVVAUUS LOCAL.
(foot of Market Street.) ' p \
\ Blelroxe, s<-mln»ry I'ark, .f.
B:OO4 ntehl>ur«r, Kliuhurnt, ' i«9'4sl
i9:O«A 8«n Leanilro^SoiiHi S*a jo-4»a
lO.OOa Leandro, KstatlillO, .-■ 12:15p
<U:VOa • Lorenzo, Cherry • t i:4sp
{■«:oom and - }2:4.ir
3:00p H«ynnr<l«. { o«4a*
' :OOr i Bans through to Nile*. 7:43? :
) t From Nllea. ■ • I , '
' COAST .lUVISMjX (Narrow «auge). "*""
■■■: (Foot of Market Street.) .
8:13 a NeTrark.eeriterTille,S«,n Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way _■_..: |
6Utlons • .8:301 :
•3it3p Newark, Oerterville, San Jose, New
Alinaden. Feltou, Boulder Creek,
% Bant* Cruz and Principal *>..._ A
Stations...... ■ »1O:»»a
4«13p Newark. San Jose and Lou Gatos... 0:20 a
1:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and ■
Way Btatloas... :.... :2< "l
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rronSiH TRISCISCO— F«ot of Mirktt Strut <Slip 8)—
•7:18 ~ ■ 8:00 13:00 a.m. -41:00- *2:SO 43:00
. •4:00 ■; •: tB:03 ; •6:00r.«.-- :
froaiOAlUKD— Foot or Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10;0Oa.m.
tI2:OQ. «l:00 t2:00 «3:CO t*:C3 "5:03r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). '
: '.-i^' (Third and Townseiul St^.) '
- 7tOOA ,San Jono and Way !StHtlo»s (New
- ' Almaden Weduesdays ouly)....... 1«3OF
»i«Oa Han .lose. Tres Vinos, Haute Cruz. " •
PncHlc Grove, l'a»i> Hcibles, San
-- - Luis <)l.isi>", (iu:»(Ulu| Surf and
--*■ Principal . Way SUtfuns .......... 4:10»
IO:4Oa San .loseitml Way 5tati0n5.. ....... •8:004
I1:UOa Baa J'ise and Way Stations....... 8:33«
. •aj-lSi- Sau Mat«u,' Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, .San .1 use,
.- Giln>y, Hollister, Simtp. Crux,
Salinas, Monterey a:"l PaoiQo
0r0r0...............^...... M»!3««
•3:ffOpSaiiJoseai)dWaiHUtioiis... *»:O<u
•4:ISr San Jose and Pri cfpal Way Stations 9:43*;
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations O-.:tsi
- si3Or Jose ami Principal Way Station* 5:.1»»
6:««>p San Jose ami Way Stations;.. .;.... 7::t«r
t11:45p Sun Jose and ■5tati0n5......... 7:30?
A for Morning. I" for Afternoon.
•Huudaysexoe.pteii. ijSmidavs mii!t < Saturdays only j
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAU JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10, ' IS3B. trains win run as follows:
tsouth-bound. North-bound.
Paseen- Mixed. Mixed. iPaasen-
'.-•■■'" ger. Sunday ' Sunday . ger. -
Dally. Excptd Stations. , Exc'ptdl Dally.
9:20 am 9:25 am Stockton 3:45 pm 7:00 pm
11:10 am 12:50pm '.-. Merced 12:50pm s:l3pm
12:4o pm| 4:ir, pm Fresno 5:30 am 3:43 pm
' I:33pm 6:45pm Hanford . 7:45 am 2:4opm
4 :ib pm 11 :59 pm Bakcrsfteld 2:30 am 12:10 pm
1:68 pm! 7:Sopm Vlaalla 6:4o am j 2:2Jpm
"stopping at intermediate points as required. .
Connections— At ; Stockton with steamboats of
California -Navigation and improvement; Com-
pany, - leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15 p. ■m.
• For stage connections see cfflclal time tabl»
or Inquire at Traffic Manasers Office. 321 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. . ' : . '■; ..,;
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
■'. - (Via' fc>a.usalito Ferry.) '; -~S; 1 "-..- ; ,■;
■'.-. Leave " San ' Pranolsco, ' commencing . Sunday, '
Bejpt. 11. 1S98: ;.-.-■--•- v-.,.-- -->:-■: ' ■ ■ ■ .
Week Days— a. m., 1:46 p. m.
"Sundays— S:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley,". SI. ■ ■ .
IV*Jis:- COOK v & • SON, ■ Agents, 631 Market
•trm, San Francisco.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LKIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln "US. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers « an
kinds Of Harness and dealers In Bn «2l??*
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS..
A II MA Hunters' Equipments. Fishing
ilnfa V Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Cent
Uii II U for catalogue. GEO. W. SHKEVB.
WWIIV 789 Market street.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley, Props.*
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS/138 Sutter it.
, San Franolsco. , Telephone M£ln 91t..
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Cassimeres. Tweeds anil
Flannels. 635 Market St., San Francisco. CaL
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods store*.
MARINE INSURANCE. \
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
BYZ ft CO.. Ajrent*,
101 California at.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
TUP PCD VH 4 DFI Mattress Co.. 641 Mls«>Jo«
IHC RcKnnAKfJ t. Telephone Main IS7C
PAPER DEALERS. .
Wll I A-ICTTiI PULP AND PAPER CO..
lyiLLMmtl lE. 722 Montgomery Street,
PIANOS. , *^V
Th# Oia«H<t Tlrm nrnJ 'LarT'wit Ptock.
F»IPIIVO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
» and SO O'Farreli St.
A <>o— on of expert tuners and repairer*. ~
■
PRINTING.
E--C* IB Uvjrll__S» 511 Sansoma stret.
SOAP.
CD FTTrV * m 123 California street.
. K. LLWI IS UJ,, room 37. Tel. Main 1681.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
ARTRIDGE f££&
THE BICKS-JUDD CO-, ■SSgyn^fe «
WAREHOUSEMEN.
V- THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Wetgbon.
General Storage. Fre« and Grain Warehouse*.
General office. HO California St. TeL Mala Ul4.
, . WALLPAPER.
WHOIiErALE ft retail; send for samples, stat-
Ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. SIS Howard.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI 17 KIW Headquarters for fln« Jewelry an«
• Llini/Ii mil 18-k.Wcddlnc Rings. 4 3d st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr ■wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927.
SAILPuOAD TBAVEL.
j CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
«A» FRANCISCO m NORTH PACIFIC
■ •*- RAILWAY COMPANY.
Illsuratt Fanar. FcoS of Market St.
- SAN . FRANCISCO TO SAN . RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11 .00 a. m. ; . 12:35,
! 3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip-
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday b— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. ' - ■■ ■  "• •' - -. •:
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. .-!:ta.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 11:45.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips aC
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.;' 1:40, 1:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between - San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above. ' . ,:■■■
Leave • Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
• . October 16, — — — — —^_
Week Sun- 1838. - Sun- Week
. Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, : 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 5:00 pin Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Fulton, ' ■ ■ : '.' ■■.
7:30 am  Windsor, 10:25 am
Hea Ids burg,
Lytton,
' . Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3 spin B:22pm
' x , Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 8:23 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 amjlO-25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland. for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs. ; Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
! Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
I Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, ■ Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside. Lierleys, Bucknell's.
1 Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Boonevllle, ■ Orr*s
I Hot Springs, . Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
J Westport, Usal, .,: Wlllltts. Laytonville, Cuml
I mlng-s. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. . ' •■- ■
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets ' at
reduced rates. . '
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
I beyond San Rafael at half rates.
i Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bids.
I H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Pnlace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time 1 - .
! C«ave San Francisco. s: oo p. m., 8.M.T.W.T.F.3.
I Arrive Denver 6:00 p. m.. W^T.F.S.S.M.T.
I Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., THP.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 6:00 p. in., T.F.5.3.M.T.W,
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
- ;^ able Rates.
YOU WILL BE "c'oMVQBTABm
. If You Travel on the Santa Pa,
; m FRtICISCO TICKET OFFICE— MARKET ST.
; :-" TELEPHONE MAIN 1620.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
■..':;-. Sacramento Office— J Street.
San Jose OSics— 7 West Santa Olara S«
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauaallto Ferry.
KIIOM SA.N *%%jg*™JgLl. VAIXKT
EXTRA TKIPS-For San Rafael on Monday.
: Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS-»S:00,: "10:00." -U:!* a xa?' 1-li
8:00, *i:SO, 6:ls p. m. " ta " ■' a *
Trains marked • run to San Quentin
F^E^| d\ys FA S L^ 0 ,- S^ FRANCISCO.
- »> iutiK. •JjAYS— 6:la. •6:85. 7*45 •«-ift a m •
*l»:^U, Z:»u, *3:40, 6:05 p. m.
an^^rda^^C-^p Wednesday,
.lflV.^fo Y^0 6:2 ?«:20* 88 p 00 m*' W:0 °- ' U;55 ■■ *'
VTFl.'l?^iv^-¥lf TT a T S SAN FKANCISCO.
15:25.- 2:15. 3:50. 5:20 p. m ;*" ■
v EXTRA -. TRIPS ■". on ■-,- Mondays, Wednosdaya
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m 
6T6 T1 i AYS S:00 ' . 10:05 a. 'm. ; 12:05. — M. l:Vi.
j ■-■■J : -'-^- p. ! ; THROUGH STRAINS. \J.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:?oa. m.week days— Cazadero and way sta'na. :
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
■ stations.' ■. ■-.-.■ . -: ■.;. , :--. ■ . --, - - . , ;. '
8:00 a. m. Euadays— Duacan UlUa and way at* ».. ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
15- -*\ v *^ I k ■ s* Vsr 4 v ' FS f.j? A i X' I*l^1 * 1^
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS TONIC for BODY, NERVES nnd BRAIN,
Braces Body and Brain.
MARIANI WINE gives • MARIANI WINE is in-
power to the brain, strength and valuable for overworked men,
elasticity to the muscles, and delicate women and sickly
richness to the blood-. It is a children. It soothes, strength-
promoter of good health and 1 ens and sustains , the sys-
longevity. ( \ tern.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI & CO., 52 West 15th St., New York, will be
Bent/free, book containing portraits with indorsements of Emperors. Empress. Princes, Car-
dinals. Archbishops and other interesting matter. Mention this paper.
Yin Marian! Makes the Weak Strong.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— S3 Mortimer street; Montreal— sB-30 Hospital street.
SECOND TIL
OF m NEVADA
BANK LOOTERS
Becker and Creegan
Again in Court.
DEANF'S STORY OF THE PLOT
HE TELLS OF THE METHODS
USED IN THE SWINDLE,
The Prosecution Hopes to Supply the
Deficiency That Resulted in a
Reversal of the First
Verdict.
Parl Becker and James Creegan, ac
. of having swindled the Nevada
Pn:.k out of $22.iX0 by means of a r
draft, are again on trial before Judge
Wallace. The .iury was completed to try
otorious i Bterday morning
and the i penlng of the afternoon Bession
saw Prank 4^. Beaver, alias Deane, an
accomplice, who turned Btate'a evidence,
on the stand telling th<- story of the
planning of the scheme that was so sue
. ty carred out.
A quartet of forgers are said to have
shared honors in the swindle which re-
Fuited in the arrest of Deane, Creegan,
McClosky and Becker. Deane was fore
most in the conspiracy, his associates now
on trial claim, but the evidence given In
the last trial showed that such was not the
case. That he was associated with the
defendants and carried out the plans
they laid he does not deny, but that he
was the ringleader and responsible for
the sins of the forgers in custody he
does deny and the evidence bears out his
statements. The alleged accomplice. Jo
seph McClosky, was charged with com
plicity in the crime, tried and acquitted.
Deane has turned State's evidence and
the people now seek to place out of
harm's way his noted pals, Becker, the
"king of forgers," and Creegan, "the
middleman." Becker and Creegan were
convicted on their last trial, but the
lack of evidence tending to corroborate
the story given by Deane resulted in the
verdict "being reversed by the Supreme
Court. The want. It has been stated, has
been supplied since then and the pros
pect of the prisoners spending the re
mainder of their lives in prison is ex
ceedingly good.
The morning session yesterday was
dull, with the exception that Attorney
Dunne, who, with his partner, H. C.
McPlke, is caring for the interests "of the
prisoners occasionally livened matters by
referring to Attorney Ach, special coun
sel for the prosecution, as the represent
ative of the Bankers' Association. This
usually brought forth an answer, spicy
if not grilling, from the lips of opposing
counsel.
The afternoon session opened at 2
o'clock and Deane was immediately
placed upon the stand. He reiterated the
story of how he had been approached
by the prisoners in New York; how he
came to this coast and opened offices
and an account with the Nevada Bank;
how the draft was raised; how It was
cashed, and the manner in which the
escape was made to the East. Califor
nia was selected for the field of opera
tions he said, owing to the richness of
Its banks and the laxity of their officials.
His story was interrupted again and
again by counsel for the defense, but It
was, however, all placed before the jury
before adjournment. To-day the case will
go on. and the State hopes to build up
a rase against the forgers that will
stand.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Easy Chairs?
Well, we should think so! A
whole floor devoted to them—
30,000 square feet occupied.
Rockers and every manner of
comfort-giving chairs ; chairs for
the parlor, the drning-room and
odd corners ; upholstered and
polished — in every conceivable
wood.
AT OUR SOUTH-OF- '
. MARKET-STREET LOW PRICES.
.■ - ,
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
' CONFRONT THE
SCHOOL BOARD
Debts Aggregating
Nearly $30,000.
PAYMENT IS POSTPONED
FINANCIAL DIFFICULTIES AEE
REACHING A CRISIS.
Stormy Session of the Board Yes
terday Ends Without Decisive
Action on the Question of
Paying Obligations.
A pair of scrutinizing eyes from the
Grand Jury looked down upon the mem
bers of the School Board In regular ses
sion yesterday. The eyes were the per
sonal property of Samuel C. Irving, chair
man of the committee on schools of the
inquisitorial body, and they Ceaselessly
roved from one School Director's face to
.another's in apparently deep study.
"I want to get acquainted with the per
sonality of these gentlemen for certain
reasons," was the only explanation offered
by the grand juror, when asked for the
whys and wherefores of his presence. .Mr.
Irving remained In the gallery during
the early hours of the session.
City Attorney Gallagher presented an
opinion to the effect that the Board of
bupervisors has no power to erect a
school building in Lafayette Park. '
The financial question was evidently up
permost in the minds of th* members and
a heated. debate was precipitated by the
following, resolution, presented by Edward
Gallagher and Samuel Waller:.
Your committtee on finance recommends that
all expense except such as may be absolutely
necessary for the preservation of the health of
the children be immediately suspended, and
that no indebtedness in excess of $50 shall be
contracted by any committee except the same
shall be authorized by the board.
Director Head inquired as to the aggre
gate amount of the unpaid bills.
,* bout $14,000 worth have been aud
ited," replied Gallagher. .
"Are there any other bills not audited?"
demanded Head.
GalTa|ri'er a good many more," admitted
Gallugher.
"Then I object!" exclaimed Head "This
practice of various members in contract
ing debts for supplies without consulting
the board has been carried altogether too
far. It was without authority. We don't
know whether the supplies were ever de
pa^ e Oa a r d di V te^ d bif, OO s Wn the reSOlution to
Gallagher thereupon moved that the
'■ to h [f, of ,^ 6oard be notified that
tnelr bills will not be paid
This resolution raised a howl and three
or four members tried to talk at once
Waller demanded that all of the unpaid
bilis, Including those not audited, amount
%&JS a H oUt ?2 "- 000 - be brought in and
considered in open session
After a prolonged wrangle it was de
cided to meet at the call of the president
and discuss the financial affairs of the
DOOTu.
Superintendent of Schools R. H Web
ster presented a report which ended with
the following significant statement: "Re
garding finances 1778,000 remains to ope
rate the department for the next nine
months. Salaries alone require $838 000
earing a deficit of $60,000— without allow
ing a dollar for supplies and repairs The
situation suggests the exercise of' care
and frugality to prevent a deficit at the
end of the fiscal year exceeding that ex
isting June 30, 1898, to wit, $98,444 65 "
In the face of the financial difficulties
now threatening to overwhelm the board
Chairman D. F. Ragan and Samuel L.
\\ aller, of the Committee on Secondary
Education, recommended "that manual
training be added to the course of study
for the Mission High School."
Head objected. "Here comes the com
mittee trying to provide new places for
more teachers. This thing must stop."
Barrington added that the expense of
fitting up the manual training depart
ment would be heavy, and that there are
no funds available.
Waller and Ragan defended their action
in Introducing the resolution, and de
clared there would be no additional ex
pense worth mentioning.
The resolution was carried with an
amendment that no expense should be en
tailed thereby on the present board
Miss Mary DowMng, a probationary
teacher In the Hancock Grammar School
was transferred to Jackson School.
A new class was formed in Crocker
School and Miss N. T. Foley from Long
fellow School was placed in charge.
Miss E. Brooks, of Clement Grammar
School, was transferred to a primary
class in John Swett Grammar School.
Miss J. M. Roseman was transferred
from the day substitute class and placed
as probationary teacher in Longfellow
Primary School.
A new class was formed in Irving Scott
School and Miss M. A. Owens of the sub
stitute class was elected a probationary
teacher and placed In charge.
Miss Martha Lowes was assigned to a
class In Hamilton Evening School, made
vacant by the transfer of Miss Emily P.
Rhine to the Mission High School.
Miss Nellie Games was transferred
from Richmond Evening School to Ham
ilton Evening School.
Miss M. Boniface was assigned from the
substitute list to Richmond Evening
School.
Miss Emma Madden was assigned from
the substitute list to Rlncon evening
School.
Miss S. T. Shelley was assigned from
the substitute list to John Swett Evening
School.
Miss Theresa Sullivan was assigned
from the substitute list to Horace Mann
Evening School.
The contractor for Mission High School
notified the board that the building was
ready to be turned ove.r. Director Head
raised the point, that the board had not
been officially notified by the architect.
Assistant Superintendent Stone present
ed a resolution from Superintendent Web
ster that the young ladles of the senior
class of the Lowell High School be al
lowed the use of the auditorium of the
Girls' High School on some evening in the
"director Barringion objected. "There
have been practices in that building at
dances," he declared, "that are outrage
ous I cannot mention the things I mean,
as there are ladien in the gallery.
This statement produced a sensation.
Barrington subsequently explained that
filthy practices by the boys, in which the
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, IS9B.
A PLEASING TESTIMONIAL
GIVEN TO REV. P. C YORKE
Presented With an Address and a Check for Three
Thousand Dollars Before His Departure.
WPIKN the Rev. Peter C. Yorke
departs to take a much needed rest
alter the arduous labors which
have occupied his attention since
his installation into the priesthood, he
will carry with him something more sub
stantial than the well wishes and God
speeds of his friends in this city, for
while the hearty hand-clasp and tearful
eye which greeted him last night at the
reception at the parlors of the Pioneer
building were of a nature to touch the
heart and fill the soul with pleasure,
there was that given which showed the
appreciation of his friends was not con
fined to words alone.
After an hour of conversation, Instru
mental music and song. Judge R. Y.
Hayne advanced to the center of the
room and presented, in well chosen
. a magnificent address from his
friends to Father Yorke. The address
whs in illuminated text on embossed vei
lum, and the whole was bound in seal
and ornamented with silver. Accompany
ing this beautiful gift was one that was
not so ornamental, but which also car
ried a testimonial of love and apprecia
tion—a check for $3000.
Judge Hayne addressed Father Yorke
briefly and then read the address, as fol
lows:
Rev P. C. Yorke, San Francisco, Cal.— itev
erend and Dear Sir: Your friends have heard
with sorrow that the strain or yuor many du
ties nan been such as to render it necessary
that you show yourself the mercy of a little
r«-tt and relaxation.
Your brethren of the clergy have testified
their fraternal regard and we of the laity have
deemed it a not unfitting- occasion to express
our appreciation of your services to the com
munity and our kindly fulmars to yourself,
personally, by asking your accaptance of this
accompanying testimonial.
It is proper to say that, while this has been
confined mainly to those who have personal
regard for you, It Is not merely because of
such regard that we have acted. It is because,
also, that we recognize your services to the
cause of religious freedom. It was no light
thing that a set of men should band together
for the purpose of preventing nearly a third
of their fellow citizens from sharing In the
jrcvernment of the country upon the sole ground
of their religious belief. As you have often
pointed out with a power that is beyond us,
this Is a practical violation of the provision
"that no religious test shall ever be required
a- a qualification to any office or public trust
under the United States," and of the provision
of the constitution of California that "the free
exercise and enjoyment of religious profession
and worship without discrimination or prefer;
ence shall forever be guaranteed n this State
and of the spirit of American liberty. Those
who laid broad and deep the foundations of the
commonwealth well knew that if one religion
girls were not concerned, was the cause of
his complaint. The Superintendent. s re
quest was referred to President Barring
ton . While the object was not stated, .t
is understood that there Is to be a social
by Th^ roWnf l Probationary teachers
S«l oiS^fS
was sprung. Head thought that a *xw
saary for doing nothing was too fine a
thing- The resolution was voted down.
Superintendent of Schools R. H. Web
ster has issued his annual report to the
Mayor and Board of Supervisors giving
a detailed statement of the condition of
The public schools up jo August 1, I^B.
child than in any other, city in the unitea
States. He says: ■ . . ,' • . -
The cost of instruction baa been stead 1} in-
Se^enC^^a T'^PoSlble g a lar^e
"SSSISISm 1 ? 1 clK^atloa would have ; obviated
m Mo h ney t h^ ln^n* unnecessarny, and^lnjudlj
clouriy spent by the committee on. buildings
Bn From°a n uck of proper supervision and man
interests of the department have often been
of%3SoSSSu«« or premises; -have been neg
lected. • -"-■ ■• ' m ' m •"- ■-':': : :
CHIEF LEES SUED.
Chinese Merchants Ask for Twelve
Thousand Dollars Damages
for a Bald.
The Won On Hal Company, a Chinese
nrm doing business at 742 Sacramento
street, beian suit in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday against Chief of
Police Lees and Sergeant McManus to
recover $2535 actual damages and JIO.OOO
exemplary damages. The complaint al
leges that on June 30, the defendants, with
a posse of police, broke into their prem
ises and seized and bore away «orty-one
boxes of paper and one box of vermicelli,
and that ever since they have refused to
return the property.
It appears that the boxes of paper were
lottery tickets, which have been destroyed.
The Supreme Court of this State ren
dered a decision about four years ago
that it was not a crime to be found in
possession of lottery tickets. Reddy,
Campbell & Metson are the attorneys for
the plaintiffs.
Ladies" tailor-made suits. Pur capes, cloak*,
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter St., r. 6 and 7.
Veterans Elect Officers.
The Veterans of the Civil War Associa
tion met on Tuesday at Grand Central
Hall, 997 Market street, and elected the
following officers: President, Martin Mur
ray; vice president, Captain A. B. Don
nelly; treasurer, John Hlggrins; secretary,
August Mueller; executive committee-
were allowed to be made the ground of pro
scription the lust of place and power woul '.
find pretext to place others under pp
tlon. and that the proscription would not stop
at exclusion from a share in the government
but would ext-;n.l to Infringements of equally
scored rights, for the protection of which 'the
government exists There Is no more dangerous
treason to institutions than the oppression of
one clues by an nher, and the worst form of
this is where the oppression is on the ground
of religion, and there must never be any such
thing In our fair lund. •
Ii astonishing that In this rise and coun
try there should have b<-en any nee
such a movement, and yet, Fuoh
of prejudice, of bigotry and of Ignorance, such
the herd of self-seekers, so great the number
>.( timid ones that If the m '-1 not
been vigorously opposed *t miirht have attained
serious i mportions. You opposed it. You
showed those who were open to r«UK>n the
wrong and the folly of It. You shewed th
others that It was not profitabl- th.a ,t ought
not to be. You shattered it. roil aid this by
the vigor of a strong mind and the indignation
of an honest heart, and it was well done; nor
was it to be accomplished by dainty ta:is, as
of a lady's fan; they were good, downright
blows, struck In a good cause, that of reli
gious toleration.
We hope that you will be benefited by your
rest and return refreshed to your labors.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Chairman.
J. J. LKRMEN. Secretary.
San Francisco, Cal., September — . IS9B.
Father Yorke was so overcome with
emotion that it was some time before he
could find words with which to thank his
friends for their testimonial of apprecia
tion. He said in part:
It Is very hard on such an occasion to find
•words to thank you for the kind sentiments
which you have expressed and the generosity to
me and appreciation of the work which It has
been my duty to take up and carry on. When
one feels deeply one prefers silence to voicing
sentiments, and were it not that you might
take it amiss I would now prefer that silent
gratitude which lies at the bottom of my heart.
In this country we are living under a govern
ment that has not yet grown out of the experi
mental stage. It is a system upon which the
governments of the Old World look with a Jeal
ous eye, lat it is a system that has been
proven a success. In this country and under
this Government every man stands an equal
chance and every man is eg.ua! before the law
and before God. And b* the constitution of
this Government no man shail be put to pains
and penalties because of his religious belief.
James McCoy, W. J. Catterson, Michael
Tuemban, Nicholas Delaney and J. G.
Barr. It was decided to hold a mass.
meeting on Monday evening, October 31.
which will be attended by a number of
candidates. A committee on decoration
was appointed and also one on arrange
ment.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure guaranf d. Dr.
Goniin, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. Cal.
Street Cars Collide.
A Post-street cable-car and a Mission-street
electric car collided at Tenth and Mission
streets yesterday morning shortly after 8
o'clock. The passengers fortunately escaped
with slight Injuries.
The Mission-street car was on its way to th«
ferry and had the right of way. The Post
&treet car had left Tenth and Howard streets
and the grlpman, on reaching Mission street,
thought he would have time to 'toes the street
ahead of the Mission street car. His calcula
tions were out of place, aa the Mission-street
car struck the rear of his car and both cars
were thrown off the track. The glass In both
cars was broken and two or three of the pas
sengers were cut by the flying pieces
Brutal Pound Officials.
The cases of Nicholas Noltlng and Henry
Danz. deputy poundkeepers. charged with
brutally assaulting Charles Mitchell, saloon
keeper on Kearny street, Tuesday, were called
in Judge Conlan'B court yesterday and con
tinued tHI Saturday. Mitchell was In court
and swore to a complaint for the arrest of
John Ix>gan, the driver of the pound wagon,
on a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Logan was not arrested with the other two.
"The Dead Body," by H. G. Wells,
author of "The War of the Worlds,"
in next Sunday's Call.
Contempt of CouTt.
WTiile the case of Otto Jung, charged by Mar
guerite Romer with threats against life, wm
being heard before Judge Conlan yesterday
ErnePt Romer. a brother of the complaining
witness got himself Into trouble. When asked
about the defendant he used language that was
unparliamentary and the Judge ordered him
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~ EXHIBITION
OF
VALUABLE PAINTINGS.
IN THE BANQUET HALL OF THE
California Hotel, 416 Bush $U S. F.
Take Elevator to Eighth Floor.
EVERT DAT FROM 2 TO E O'CLOCK P. M.
AUCTION SALE
OF THE SAME.
WEDNESDAT, OCTOBER 26TH, AND THURSDAT, OCTOBER 27TH, IS9B.
To Commence at 2 o'clock p. m. and at 7:80 o'c:ock Evenings.
W« wIU MU the Entire Gallery of the late FERD RICKAKDT'S PAINTINGS.
They must b« sold without regard to value.
H. J. LECJTHOLTZ, Auctioneer
of government has been tried and
has not been found wanting.
The Catholic church, o which I am a priest,
came into this land and has .striven to advance
the cause of human thought, and in ro country
and under no government has the church reach
ad so gran<i and so glorious a position and in
no country is she so free as in this republic of
America. The Catholic church attempts to
gala nothing by coercion. Faith cannvt be co
••:••■ ■'!. Th" church bases all her hopes of In
crease and power on appeals to reason, and
hers Is a religion that is b-st suited to those
who reason. It la for U»" reason that she has
met R :■ dr-iimed of in other
lands, and the suivst promise of future success
lies In the bond of lore and sympathy which
exists between the c]pr»ry and the laity.
The reason for this is that we have grows
wipe with those who have founded and built
vernment of the republic. They tried to
combine the Individuality of the States Into
the unity of the nation, recognizing the rights
and the duties of the States Just as the church
recognizes the rights anU duties of the clergy
and laity. The separation of church and state
has brought about a union of church and state
ami the army of the I>ird g if-h on in the path
of duty, each portion keeping In Its sphere.
To come to matters that are more personal In
the addrets which you have presented me, let
me say that while I may have received some
censure for the stand which took in the mat
ter spoken of, when the church is at
tacked who will speak in her defense
if those who have consecrated their lives
to her service kpep silence? The fight was made
» cowards who attacked women and the poor
who were defenseless, and then It was that
those who believed in Justice and In fairness
were bound to stand up. It was necessary to
fight the enemies of liberty and that you have
shown appreciation for the small part which
I took in helping the cause of right shows me
that my work was not Ir- vain.
God knows that I am not sorry to cease work
for awhile, for while some may have thought
that I wan possessed of a perverse delight In
maklncr trouble, what I did was from a sense
of duty to combat the wrong to the utmost of
my power and ability. It was a hard task,
but it was made easy by the support given me
by you gentlemen and thnpe others of my
friends who so well upheld my hands.
Good-by was then spoken in words
that became much broken as the speaker
brought his talk to a close. The company
' which crowded the rooms gathered around
Father Yorke and extended to him good
wishes for a prosperous and pleasant
into custody for contempt of court. The case
was continued till to-day to get the evidence
of Mrs. Gross of Alameda, to whom Jung made
the threats.
End of the Salmon Season.
The salmon packing season Is at an
end, there being no more vessels due to
arrive, and according to the best author
ities all the canneries on the coast are
are 1,000,000 cases, or about 33 per cent
short of the 1897 pack. The Alaska Pack
ers' Association is some 43,000 cases short,
or less than 6 per cent of last year's
pack. The association has figured its re
ceipts as follows:
Date and Vessel — Salmon.
Aug. 24— Ship Santa Clara 32,913
Sept. 2— Schooner Eureka 3,2*>6
Sept. 3~Barkentlne Willie K. Hume 26,782
Sept. 6— Steamer President 2.3J4
Sept. S— Bark Blectra 31,167
Bept 10™ Bark Merom 43,165
Sept. 10— Ship Indiana &3.060
Sept 10-Ship Centennial 39.565
Sept. 12— Bark Nicolas Thayer 23,670
Sept. 19— Ship Bohemia 54,101
Sept. 22— Schooner Prosper 5,494
Sent. 22— Ship Llewellyn I. Morse 48,004
Sept. 23— Rark Will W. Case 14,938
Sept. 24— Schooner Antelope 3,300
Bept. 24— Ship Oriental 69.685
Sept. 28— Bark Coryphene 27,826
Oct. 12— Ship Invincible 39.676
Oct. 15— Ship Hecla 51.939
Oct. IS— Ship George Skolfleld 49.647
Oct 23— Ship St. Nicholas 85,213
Oct. 24— Ship Santa Clara 30,100
Per coast steamers 95,000
Total ' 774,393
The other canneries report as follows:
Hume Bros.— September 23, bark Ferris S.
Thompson, 15, 838 cases; September 27, bark Har
1 vester, 24,537 cases; total, 43.375 cases.
Pacific Steam Whaling Company— September
27, ship America, 61,283 cases; October 15,
steamer Jeanie, 16,000 cases; October 26, bark
J D Peters, 30.000 cases; total, 107,283 cases.
Naknek Packing Company— September 19,
i bark B. P. Cheney, 28,000 cases.
North Pacific Trading and Packing Company
i — September 28, schooner Queen, 8578 cases.
Baranoff Packing Company — October 22,
I schooner Beulah. 12.681 capes.
About 19.000 barrels (200 pounds net each)
1 of salt salmon were brought down from
Alaska on the different vessels during the
i season of 1898.
-,-,." :- : > ADVE&TISEMENIS. _:■ _\
A REMARKABLE OFFER!
TO PERSONS AFFLICTED WITH DEAFNESS OR CATARRH OF THE NOSE,
THROAT, VOCAL CORDS OR LUNGS, CATARRH OF THE
STOMACH, LIVER, ETC.
FREE TWO WEEKS' TREATMENT AND ALL MEDICINES INCLUDED
to those who apply at the office any time within the next two weeks from date.
People living in the country may avail themselves of this offer by reading the fol-
lowing symptoms over carefully, marking those that apply to their case and send-
ing them by mall to the office with a request for home treatment. This offer is
strictly an honorable one. It is made to those who suffer with affections of the
ears or catarrh in its various forms, to convince them that ours Is the treatment
that cures If at the expiration of the two weeks' free trial treatment you are
satisfied with its results, to continue treatment will only cost you our regular
rates. *5 per month, including all medicines and our watchful care and atten-
tion until a cure is effected. There are thousands of people in and about San
Francisco to-day who have some imperceptible germ taint of catarrh abroad in
the system or afloat in the circulation, as well as vast numbers of people in whom
those irerm taints have developed into chronic ailments of varying degrees of ma-
li^nitv suffering a"d danger. In most instances the difficulty is aggravated by the
fact that the victims cannot diagnose their miseries or distinguish the cause of
them The fact is a majority of common chronic diseases, though known as
throat trouble lung' trouble, stomach trouble kidney trouble, etc.. are really of
a rnHrrhßl or'i-ln and nature. Every part of the mucous membrane— the nose,
throat oars lungs, stomach, -liver. kidneys and bladder-is subject to disease
ami hl'leht by catarrh and to enable many afflicted persons to get a correct con-
ception of fee real nature of their malady the following almost unvarying symp-
toms are presented: ' . .. ,
CATARRH OF HEAD and THROAT
i The head and throat become disease! from
' neglected coM«. Catarrh when the con-
dition of the blood predisposes to this condition.
"Is thf voice husky?"
"Do y is spit up slime?"
"Do y.'u ache all ov^r?"
"Do you snore at night?"
"Do you blow out scabs at night?
"Is your nose Ftopppd up?"
"Does your none discharge?"
"Does the nose bl**d easily?"
"Is this worse toward nig-ht?"
"Does the nose itch and burr.""
"Is there pain In front of h»n<l?"
"Is there pain across the eyes?"
"Ir there tickling in the throat?"
"Is your senM ol smel! leaving?"
"Do'you hawk to clear the threat?"
"If. the throat dry in the mnrnlng?" _
"Are you losing your sense of taste?" -
"Do you sleep with your mouth open ?'
"Does your nose stop up toward nigh*?"
CATARRH OF THE
BRONCHIAL TUBES.
This condition often results from Catarrh ex-
! tending from the head and throat, and. if left
unchecked, extends down the windpipe into the
! bronchial tubes, and in time attacks the lungs.
"Have you a cough?"
i "Are you losing flesh?"
"Do ycu cough at night?"
"Have you a pain in side?"
"Do you take cold easily?"
"Is your appetite variable?"
"Have you stitches In side?"
"Do you cough until you gag?"
"Do you raise frothy material?"
"Do you coujrh on colng to bed?"
"Do you couph in the morning 7 "
"Are you low-spirited at times?"
"Do you spit up yellow matter?"
"Is your cough short and hacking?"
"Do you spit up llttlo cheesy lumps?"
"Hare you a disgust for fatty foods?"
"Is there a tickling behind the palate?"
"Do you feel you are growing weakar?"
"I? there a burning pain In the throat?"
"Have you pain behind the breastbone?"
"Do you cough worse night and morning?"
"Do you have to sit up at night to get
breath ? r>
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
This condition may result from several
causes, but the usual cause is Catarrh, the
1 mucus dropping down into the throat and be-
j ing swallowed.
"Is there nausea?"
"Are you costive?"
"Is there vomiting?"
"Do you belch up gas?"
"Have you waterbrash ?"
"Are you light-headed?"
"Is your tongue coated?"
"Do you hawk and «pit?"
"Is there pain after eating?"
Dr. Fleckenstein's Treatise Free to All. The Fleckensteln
Medical Institute, Emporium Building, 825 and 855 Market
Street, Rooms 515-516, Fifth Floor.
ACEirc HAITDC From 9 a. m. to 12 m.: from 1 to 6 p. m. Evenings— Tuesdays and
UrrlVCOUlind Fridays, 7 to 9; Sundays from 10 a. m. to .1 m.
HO FOR THE
CAROLINE ISLANDS,
THE HANDSOME Al IRON BARKENTINE
RUTH
WILL SAIL ABOUT DECEMBER IST FOR
Kusiac Ponapa and Ruk, Caroline Islands,
where our trading stations are. These islands
are situated about half way between Hawaii
and the Philippines, and constitute part of what
must soon become American colonies. This
vessel will be fitted with first-class accommo-
dations for a limited number of passengers,
and every opportunity will be given for a study
of these beautiful and fruitful Islands, of whose
wealth of resources so little Is known. For
round trip, voyage about five months, $550.
J. F. CUNNINGHAM CO..
"vi-H Owners, 14 Clay street, San Francisco.
ISO PAIN I NO PAIN! .
| gfi^ lowest Prices in the Gltjl
m/a^^^^K. GUARANTEED.
,»|8 •$ TEETH WITHOUT
•ftSr3 nfHb fI&T FLATES A SPECIALTY.
4Hr J2"2r* J@M F"ull Set of Teeth, ex-
'\x » V. I tractlng free. 94.50 up
'* NJi 3wSPSI. Qold Crowns, 22k ;
'JL&i jj*^**^jf^v; Fillings ..250 up
ELECTRO-DENTAL
£&M^S?s^^jr& Suite 7, Flood Building.'
809 MARKET ST.
Office Era.— S ».m. to 10 p.m.; Sun., » to 1 p.m.
0^ 'CS^Si
They have visiting them at th« Nelsons' a Mrs. Duckworth 1 ;
from Kentucky, who used to be a great sufferer from constipation. ,
She says she used to suffer greatly with headache too, due, no doubt,
to indigestion and constipation, and tried 'every, kind of remedy, but
could find no relief I until she began using Ripans Tabules. The very \
first Tabule gave relief, M ai\d now," she says, " headache is a stranger. ** : •
The 'indigestion '- and constipation disappeared, and she never fell •
better in her life than ahe docs now. She considers RipaasTalwikt
-the best medicine in the world. : » • .. : ■■,■-, . :^-..,
SYMPTOMS OF EAR TROUBLES.
Deafness and ear troubles result from Ca-
tarrh passing along the Eustachlan tube that
leads from the throat to the ear.
"Is your hearing failing?"
"Do your eara discharge?"
"Do your ears itch and burn?"
"Are the ears dry and scaly?"
"Have you pain behind the ears?"
"Is there throbbing In the ears?"
"Is there a buzzing sound heard?"
"! • . you have a ringing In the ears?"
"Are there crackling sounds heard?"
"Is your hearin.c bad cloudy days?"
"Do you have earache occasionally?"
"Are there sounds like steam escaping?"
"Do your ears hurt when you blow your
noee?"
"Do you constantly hear noises in the ears?"
"Do you hear better some days than others?"
"Do the noises In your ears keep you
awake?"
"When you blow your nose do the eara
crack ?' '
"Is hearing worse when you have a cold?"
"Is roaring like a waterfall in the head?"
CATARRH OF THE LIVER.
The liver becomes diseased by Catarrh ex-
tending from the stomach into the tubes of the
liver.
"Are you fretful?"
"Are you peevish?"
"Do you get dizzy?"
"Do you feel fatigued?"
"Do you feel miserable?"
"Do you have cold feet?"
"Do you get tired easily?"
"Is your eyesight blurred?"
"Can't you explain where?"
"Constant sense of depression?"
"Is there a bloating after eating?"
"Constant sense of pain in back?"
"Do you have gurgling in boweis?"
"Do you have rumbling In bowels?"
"Have you pain under shoulder-blade?"
"Is there throbbing in the stomach?"
"Do you have sense cf heat in bowels?"
"Do you suffer from pains in temples?"
"Do you have palpitation of the heart?"
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
"Are you nervous and weak?"
"Do you have sick headaches?"
"Do you bloat up after eating?"
"Is there disgust for breakfast?"
"Have you distress after eating?"
"Is your throat filled with slime?"
"Do you at times have diarrhoea?"
"Is there rush of blood to the head?"
"When you get up suddenly are you dliay?"
"Is there constant sensation In stomach?"
"Do you feel as If you had lead In stomach?"
"When stomach Is empty do you feel faint?"
"Do you belch material that burns thruat?"
"If stomach is full do you feel oppressed?"
00000 00 000 oa
fw PALACE wj
° GRAND mZEk§%
X SAN FRANCISCO. X
** Connected by a covered passageway. : JJ-
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. ™
O All Under One Management. O
0 ROTE THE PRICES: Q
-. European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward A
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward <«•
A Correspondence Solicited. Q
a JOSH 0. KIESFA7RIOK, M»nag«r. «
So OOOOOOOOQOOOOO ftp
MAKE PERFECT MEN
-'-iumfflh-'- PO NOT DESPAIR ! DonotSof.
' d&SEgSg^. " r longer! The jots and ambitions of
Jji^j«*«ijj^ life can be restored to you. The rery
Ski ' " E&i ■worstca*e«of Kcrvoua l»ehlHty ara
a absolutely DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The jots and ambitions of
life can be restored to ynu. The Tery
vontcuei of Nervoua Debility are
absolutely cured by PEKFECTO
«¥&. jk. lEb4 TABLETS. Give prompt relief to In-
UwL *^tyflalsomnl». falling memory and the waste
«YgVSsP=iMtaF and drain of vital powers. Incurred by
/q^VwtSJ* Indiscretions or excesses of early years.
*-" : Impart vinror and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Gire y«cFa». bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyei of £-<T\yo"ng or old.
OnfMc box renews vital energy. C* A. I boxes at
to a complete guaranteed cure or money re-
funded. Can be carried In Test ~**mr' pocket. Sold
where, or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUB FERFECTO CO., Caxton Bldg., Chicago, HI.
Bold tor Owl Print Co.. Baa Fran, and Oaklanj.
jf^f&£2!s&Sb&*ri-!lS "'* fill a non-pof»onot*
. <t tf^Kp|H' w "l«raJi remedy for - Gonorrhoea,
■jCCTFOCBEa^mg gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
ijHHrin l to 6 Whites, unnatural dii-
JHV Oauanteed M charges, or any inllannna»
ffSl not to suie:ure. tlon, irritation or ulcera-
M» '•gPrtTtaw conuglon. tion of mucous niera-
KaaTHEEvANSCHEMinuCo. tranes. Non-astringent.
I^AoiNCINNATI.O —I Sold y Orussi*!*, ;
WKak' xi 3 x -3«g PrP r sent in plain wrapper,
<tW*ftS»»w- ' DT express, prepaid, for
V^Hn&l $1.00. or 3 bottle*, f3.73.
■ Circular §<jnt on re^uea*.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bilver a fraction firmer.
\\ l. at declined again.
• iiilet.
rials, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuff* unchanged.
Beans and Seeds inactive.
Decline in Bugar.
. 1 < 'nions unchanged.
Butter still depressed.
Kpks -i fraction firmer.
■. continues plentiful.
about the some.
Wine Qrapes still higher.
Prunes dull and Dried Peaches firm.
[ulet
Mutton doing better.
Beef and Turk steady.
Heavy Imports of Specie.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign imports at this port during the first
nine ■ ontba of the year amounted to $25,709,830,
against f29,1&4.£t0 during the same time in ISS7.
|8,703,*00 came from the
Hawaiian Island, t* 106,700 from Japan, $4,614.
: i! ( hlna, $1,601,100 from Great Britain.
r> 769,450 from Central America. $1,53G,45:> from
Columbia and H. 876,444 from the East
.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of specie at this port during the first
nine months of the year were $23,636,318, against
J7.915.811 during the same time in 1897, and con
sisted of ?2,073,2tii in gold bullion $20,440,540 in
"old coin, $1,OOG,&&1 in silver bullion and >i.j,-
J.Z In silver coin. By far the lions snare ci
this year's imports came from Australia, ui-
amount being $17,990,711. Japan sent 13,005,001
and Mexico $1,739,75».
OUR WHEAT AND GOLD.
BHARP DEMAND FOR ONE AND EXOR
jiiOUS STOCKS OF THE OTHER.
The New York circular of Henry dews says:
Apart from ths election uncertainties, the "'•"
flmr.ce of which cannot be disregarded, c.-nd.
ti-jiiS affecting the stock market are inurcvlng.
The European wheat trade has com*; to under
stand that, notwithstanding the moderate in
crease In the worlds crop of this year ovjr that
o: in., t:.. supply from new crop ani stocks
in hand will not be up to the average standard
end nicy are consequently advancing their bids
t.i American wheat. The extent at the current
fcrMari ci«p.t.nd may be inferred from the fact
that within the last lea days engagements have
been made for the export of uO.OOO bushels
or wheat. This shows that a point in price
has been touched at which our farmers are
•willing to sell; but it remains to be seen
whether, after such large foreign purchases at
the current range of values, growers may not
hold for a further rise. This ten millions of
busnels coming to seaboard will be a severe
tax upon the carrying capacity of the railroads,
and our Chicago correspondent telegraphs us,
"the business the Northwest railroads are do
ing Is marvelous."
It is as yet too early to estimate the effect
of these grain >.■.;■■ upon the gold movement.
Some moderate tnsasnncrits tux- being made
Icr the export of the metal to this side; and
although tae cpeiatlons are light and only
occasional they show tat the exchange market
Is in a condition Which intent readily yield to
the pressure of the bills to be made against
thest wheat shipments. That, however, would
not necessarily mean Imports of gold. Ihe
higher rate for money at London than at New
York would afford a tempting opportunity for
bixty days employment oi idle funds In the
purchase of exchange— a form of transient in
vestment which has been much resorted to
Within the last twelve months, and at one time
to an extent estimated at $:0,000,1<>0. In truth,
we have no reason to anxiously covet any
further additions to our already extraordinary
etock of the yeliow metal. A year ago our
national holdings of K^ld reached their highest
point $713,000,000. Since then we have made i
net imports amounting to $125,100,000, and tire i
domestic production and receipts^ from the |
Klondike re lon must amount to $70,000,000 j
more, which would make our present national
etock over fJOu.OOO.UOO. This places is far Ahead
of France, which has been the largest gold- I
holding country In the world, and puts our
stock nearly $:.V0,000,000 in excess of our former
highest figures. Th" receipts this week at Ban .
Francisco from Molbcurne amount to $3,750,000 |
an.] at this port $1 320,000, making the week's
arrivals over $5,C00,0C0. It Is to be hoped that
some more productive use may be round for our
increasing creditor foreign balances than piling
tip stocks of gold in excess of all requirements i
fur money or banking purposes.
- The phenomenal Increasing foreign trade i
balance in our favor, the Immense freight busi- !
ness of the grain-carrying roads and the grow
ing ease Id money, are factors forceful enough
to advance the stock market; and but for the
coming elections the market would now be in
a very buoyant ate. With the elections out
of the way the effects of these influences will
assert themselves and will suffice to knock out
al! bear Jictions. With such earning* as the
Western roads are making, and with the im
menaity of stuff In sight to be moved, it Is al
most impossible to keep the securities that
these roads represent down; and when they
get ready to advance the balance of the market !
will go with them. There Is, consequently,
much hone In the situation after the elections.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eon 56; Frcsno,-82; Los Angeles, 88; ' Red
Bluff. 60; ban Luis Obtipo, 90; Ban Diet 7S;
fcsacrametito, SO; Independence, 72; Yuma, SC.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
76; minimum, uG; mean, CO.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure baa again begun to rise on the
northern coast of California and over Wash
ington and Oregon. This Will cause fair and
continued warm weather Thursday throughout
California.
There have been but slight changes In the
temperature on the Pacific slope during the
past twenty-four hours.
The weather is partly cloudy over Washing
ton. Oregon and the plateau region and clear
in all other sections.
A wind of 26 miles per hour was reported
from Portland.
Forecast made at San Francisco for. thirty
hours tiding midnight. October 27, 1898:
Northern California— Thursday; contin
ued warm; light north wind.
Southern California— Thursday; fresh
northwest wind.
Nevada- Fair, cooler Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
light northerly wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Clear; wind
northwest, 7 miles; temperature, 66; maximum,
71, G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— The stock market
showed a tendency to fall Into quietude again
to-day, as though In sympathy with the dull
ness and uncertainty of foreign exchanges. But
there was a quiet absorption of standard stock* j
all through the list, a generally firm tone and
marked strength In a few cases, so that the
average of prices is quite materially lifted as
a result of the day's trading. The reactionary
tendency in the wheat market, the falling oft
In the exports for both wheat and corn and the j
■weakness in the foreign grain markets were
Without effort apparently. The reason for the
apparently Illogical movements for ■ the past
few days obviously is that the market Is en
tirely In the hands of professional traders,
without any participation by the outside pub
lic. When this class sell It Is simply with a
view to buying at a lower, level, and their
maneuvers can only prove successful where
they Induce a following to take the poor end
of the bargain. Where there Is no such follow
ing there is nothing to do but to retrace their
course by selling or buying, as the case may
be the Baal operations being made in opposi
tion to the culminating factor on which the
speculative commitment has been made. The
exciting causes of the traders' activities for
the last few days having subsided, the market
became comparatively dull to-day, and the
traders betook themselves to the highly specu
lative industrials. Tobacco moved feverishly
below yesterday's level and Sugar above on
large transactions; without and definable rea
eon in either case. The recovery In "sterling
exchange was the effect of the renewed string
ency in the London money market' caused- by
the needs of to-morrow's stock exchange settle
ment. Exchange on Paris showed easier tone,
reflecting the pressure for the movement of
funds from that center owing to the threaten
ing aspect of domestic politics there.
Honda were moderately active .at advanc
ing prices. Total sales, $319,000. - .
United States 3s coupon and the old 4s coupon
advanced Vi and the 3s registered % in the bid
price, while the, 6s coupon declined % in the
bid price. - There were heavy dealings In the
coupon 3s at 1C5%. -
The total pales of stocks to-day were 357,700
chares, including: : Atchlson preferred, 24,154;
Burlington. 12.333; Louisville and Nashville,
12 060; Manhattan, '3oss; Northern Pacific, 8720;
Hock Island, 7270; St. Paul, 21,455: Union Pa
cific preferred, 51S8; American Tobacco. 75,830;
People's ■ Gas, 4515;- Sugar, 63,175; Rubber, 10,
475; St. Louis and Southwestern, 4934:
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson .......... 12% St Louis & S F.. 7%
Do prefd ........ 25% Do prefd ........ 62%
Baltimore & Ohio. 44 Do :M : prefd..., SO •-.
Canada Pacific >.. 81% St Louis & S W. 5%
Canada- Southern. 61% Do prefd ...;.... 13%
Central ; Pacific .. 25 St Paul ........... 108%
Ches &'0hi0...:.: 21% Do nrefd ...:..v. 162%
Chi & Alton 153 St P « Om 79%
Chi B At Q .....116% Do prefd ..'. 158 <
Chi & B 1U.;..V. GS'f. So Pacific ........ 22^4
Do i.n-fc! ........ 105- So Hallway ...... 8%
Chicago GW.;.. 14% Do lirefd ........ 34%
Ch In 4 & L.. . . . . 7 Texas & Pacific. . 13%
Do prefd ....... 27 Union , Pacific .... 32%
Chi AN W.:.-... 13% -Do prefd ........ 63*
Do prefd ........ 176 UP D & G....:.. 6%
C C C& St L.;.. 39 V/abash ..........; 7W
Do prefd........ 86 ; Do prefd 20^
pel & Hudiwn... 102 Wheel A L E.... .Sv
D<!t 1,&W....::::i0 .Po_preM ........ 16%
Den & Rio G. 1... 12Vi Express Companies-
Do prefd M<4 Adams Ex ....... 110
Erie (new) ... 12% American Ex .... 134
Do Ist prefd.... 32% United States .... 41
Fort Wayne . 171 Wells Fargo ..... 11-*
Qt Nor preftl 137 Miscellaneous— ■..
Hocking Valley... . 4% A. Cot Oil - 27%
Illinois Central .. 103% Do prefd ........ 86U
Lake Erie & W.. 14 Amn Spirits ..... 11%
Do prefd 63 Do -prefd . 34%
Lake Shore ...... l9G%\Ma .Tobacco 12*%
Louis & Na«h.... 65% Do Dicta . 125
Manhattan L .... 56% Cons Gas 175
Met* St Ky :.'..... 159% Com Cable Co 170
Mich Central .... 105 Col F & Iron 20%
Minn & St L..... 27. Do prefd ........ 80
Do Ist prefd.... 90 Gen Electric ..... 82%
Mo Pacific 32% Haw Com C 0..... 45
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27 j Illinois Steel ..... 92%
Mo K& T 11 Intl Paper C 0.... 51
Do prefd .... 32», Do prefd .. — 86%
N J Central ...... 87 Laclede Gas 4S
N V Central ..... 114% Lead 33
NY Chi & St L.. 11 Do prefd ....V... 109*4,
Do Ist prefd 60 Minn Iron ........ 126
Do 2d prefd 60 Nat Lin Oil 5%
Nor West 12 Pacific Mail ..... 33
No Amer Co 6 People's Gas 103%
No Pacific [Pullman Palace... 195
Do prefd 75,* Silver Certificates 60
Ontario & W 14% Stand R & T 5%
Or R &■ Nay 52% Sußar 115
Or Short Line 27 Do prefd ........ 108%
Pac Coast Ist nfd. 79 TC & Iron 28%
Do 2d prffd.... S9 V B Leather ..... 6%
Pittsburg 169 Do prefd ........ 649 i
Reading 16% U 8 Rubber 41%
Do Ist prefd.... 35% Do prefd ........ 103%
}{ G W 27 West Union 91%
Do prefd 65 Federal Steel 29%
Rock Island 101% Do prefd 70'^
St P M & M 163
CLOSING BONDS.
T S 3? 105%. NJ Cent 5h 114
U S new 4s reg 127Vi|N Carolina 6s ....122
Do coupon 128%! Do 4s 103 .
T B 4s 11l No Pac'lsts .. 116
Do coupon 112% i Do 3s 66%
Do seconds 99 j Do 4s 100%
U S 5s res ;112&|N V C & St L 4s. 105%
Do 5s coupon.. 113% Nor & W 6s 123
District 3 63s 117% [ Norwstrn cons ...143
Ala. class A 108 , Do deb 5s 120
Do B 10S Or Nay lsts 114
Do C. ...100 Or Nay 4s 99% ;
Do currency ....105 Or S Line 6s. tr..128%
Atchison 4s ... 93% Or S Lire ss. tr..107%
Can So 2ds 109% Pacific 6s of '95.... 102% :
Chicago Term 45.. 90 Heading -Is 80% ;
C and Ohio 55.. 118 R G W lsts 87%
C, II " D 4%s 104% X L & I M Con ss. 97%
D& X G lsts 11l BL& 8 F Gen 63.1197*
D & R G 4s 97*4 St P Con 160%
East Tcnn lsts ...106% St P C & P15t8..113%
Erie Gen 4s 68% Do 5s 118
F IV ' D lsts, tr. 75% So Ry 5s ......... 98
Gen Elec 5s 109 Stan R& T 65.... 77 ,
G H&S A 6s 102 Term new set 35... 94
Do Ids ....- 102 Tex Pac L G lsts.los
}{ &■" CEs 111% Do res 2ds *:,% \
Do con 6s 11014 Union Pac 4s 99V4
lowa C lsts 106 D P D & Gulf Is 78% .
La new cons 45.... 106 VTab Ist 5s 113%
Lx. N I'M 4s 90% Do 2<3s 88%
Missouri 6s 100 V.' Shore 4s ....;. 11l :
M X & T 2d5..... 63% Va Centuries ..... 78%
Do 48 90 | Do deferred 6 ;
N V Cent lsts.... 117% ; "SVis Cent lsts .... 55%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 5 Ontario 3 (T,
Crown Point 7:<>;,hir 42
Con Cal & Va 62 Plymouth U
Dead wood 45 Quicksilver 1 25
\- Curry 12 Do prefd 350
. Norcross.. V> Sirrra Nevada < " !
Honiestake SOW Standard 170
Silver 67 Union Con 12'
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket 12 i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— lEd Elec Tel. 194
'Call loans 2 @3 Gen Etec prefd 170
Time loans 2%@4 Atch prefd 30? i
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & B F 13 Atchison 4s 93
Amer Supar 115 i Mining Shares— !
,Do ;:• ■'. 108 Allouez Mm C 0.... 4%
Bay State Gas 1% Atlantic 27',
Hell Tel 275 (Boston & Mont.V..22S
Boston & Albany. 242 I Butt* & Boston.. . 3>hi
Boston & Maine. .163 ! Calumet & Hecla.aSO
Boston L 69»i , Centennial 19
Chi Bur & Q 116»4 i Franklin m
Fltehburg "..104%!Old Dominion 2SV4
Gen Electric 82' i Osceola 6S',i
Mexican Cent 4?i Qulncy 123
Old Colony 193 Tamarack 173
.Rubber ■»".* Wolverine 27&
"Union Pac 32% i Parrott 23*
WestLngrb Elec 33V4 1 Ilumboldt 5
i i i/ref d 57
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. -Money on call easy
at I?iio2 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent: prime
mercantile paper, 3@4 per cent; sterling: .x
j change, strong, with actual business in bank- '
ers' bills at $4 S.V-/iM 84* for demand and at :
$4 82V4<@4 82% for sixty da—- posted rates, $4 S3
©4 S3V4 and J4 86H@4 87; commercial bills, $4 81;
silver certificates, 60<g.61c; bar silver, t!O%c;
Mexican dollars, 4"% c. Government bonds
; firm; State bonds inactive; railroad bonds
, strong. _
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets i re opened dull to-day, but closed
strong at top prices on bears struggling to
cover lines put out during the recent fall. In- j
vestment stocks atttracted »mie/ genuine In- |
vestment buying, which frightened the bears, \
and this evening the scramble was increased
by confirmed rumors that Major Marchand had ]
asked the Egyptian Government for a safe
; conduct from Fashoda and the outbreak of
fever among bis followers. Consols closed at
lOK'-i buyers.
Americans were decidedly strong on New
: York support and closed at abeout the best.
Grand TLunk was firm in sympathy.
Spanish fours and other Paris specialties
were strong, the .Paris Bourse being wonder
fully steady, p.
Gold continues to go Into the Bank of Eng
land and large amounts have been bought for
that quarter in anticipation of future arrivals.
MADRID. Oct. 26.— Spanish fours closed to
day at 61.75. Gold was quoted at 50.10.
CLOSE.
LONDON. Oct. 26.— Canadian Pacific, 83%;
Grand Trunk, 8%; liar Silver, weak, ;28d;
Money, ZVi per • eat
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Spanish 4s have advanced
to 41 3-16. ■
CAPITAL DESERTING PARIS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— The Post's London
correspondent cables; The sensational feature
• of to-day's market la the flight lof capital
' from Paris. French exchange on London is
: up- to 25 francs 43 centimes, or 10 centimes
i above gold export point, showing a rush of
money from Paris to London. I am told that
Russia is withdrawing large sums from France
and transferring them to London. :";.">
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts, 26, *•
705 barrels; exports, 19,000. Doll and weak with |
wheat; Minnesota patents, $4® 1 35; winter
straits, $3 60@3 70.
WHEAT— Receipts, 171,125 bushels; exports, !
24.000. Spot easy; No. 2 red, 77% Cf. o. b. afloat. j
Options were under bearish control all day and i
closed lVi@l%c net lower. The main weakening j
factors were decidedly weak cables, a Jump In • I
consols and heavy, selling pressure at Chicago.
There was a tjlight rally finally on covering,
followed by a further rise on the curb. No. 2
red May, 72 9-16<&73 9-16 c. closed 73c. .
HOPS— Strong. State common to choice, 1896
crop, 7@9c; 1897 crop. ll(&13c; 1838 crop, l.y/ _■ . ;
Pacific Coast, 1896 crop, 7@Bc; 1897, ll®13o; 1838, i
18©20 c. .
WOOL— Quiet.- V .
METALS — local market for metals ex
hibited more or less irregularity to-day, but no
radical changes were noted in prices. Trade on
the whole was unsatisfactory and the outlook,
for improvement . in - that line was rather du
bious. At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON— very quiet; $7 bid, $7 25
asked.
TlN— Quiet; $17 75 bid, $18 asked.
LEAD— Steady for spot, but • easy and dull
for futures; »3 65 bid, $3 67H asked. The firm
naming the settling price for leading miners
and smelters quotes lead at $3 50. . „ ;,-
SPELTER— Unchanged but firm; $5 bid. $5 12V4
asked. . .
COFFEE— closed - barely steady. 5
points lower to 5 higher. Sales, 29.000 bags, in
cluding November, : ss(go 05; March, $5 5005 55.
Spot coffee— Rio, dull and easy; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, :» 4"4 c; molasses, 3>£c; refined,
8 BUTTER— 4500 packages. , Firm;
Western creamery, 15@2?c; Elgins, 23c; fancy,
EGGS— Receipts, 7500 packages. Market firm;,
Western. Mo.-^-^
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— California dried fruits
- APPLES— 7@Bc per
lt>; prime wire tray. 7H@7%c; choice, 7%@Bc;
"PRUNES— per It), as to : quality and
S APRICOTS— ll@14c ; Moorpark, 13®17c.
* PEACHES— Unpeeled. 8%@llc; peeled, MM)
18c per lt>. ".■-.' - .
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. — The early Liverpool ca
bles showed that the wheat market there had
g-one to smash, as December had lost equal
to 2%c per bushel since yesterday's close. Paris
vras lower, while British consols were strong
at an advance of 1 I-160, telling plainly the
story of Improvement in the political situation
abroad. The opening price of wheat here was
from %@lc a bushel lower for December than
yesterday's closing quotations. Traders, how
ever, had a lurking apprehension that the for
eign' calm might be only the precursor of an
other storm. When later in the session a
further advance in consols was announced and
there watt an addition of Id to the opening
heavy decline in wheat at Liverpool, the feel-
Ing here became more pronouncedly bearish
and prices of wheat dropped through the bar
rier of "put*" that had been previously stop
ping the way. The total primary Western re
ceipts amounted to 1,587,000 bushels against
1,190,000 bushels the day corresponding last
•week. The market ruled heavy the greater
part of the session, but had numerous slight
reactions, due to taking profits by shorts. New
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27. 1898.
York reported some acceptances of last night's
offers from this side, notwithstanding the de
pression In the foreign markets. , ~" '..'■■■
Prices rallied in the last ten minutes, due
largely to prudential purchases ■by , shorts who
had profits. Various other reasons were as
signed, such as the taking of some wheat in
New York for Russian shipment and a report
that a cargo had been worked at the seaboard
for shipment to Austria. December closed l%c
lower. ..-,■";;' . ' :■•:. » - ■-" .»: ■: .:-•. ■">• .c ■„ ■-, '■■■- -"^ ■■
Weather conditions developed a decidedly
firm undertone in corn. Severe storms through
out the West restricted the interior movement
and everywhere receipts were light. December
! began %c lower at 31%@32c. advanced to 32*4
@32% c, then reacted 32%@32%c sellers, the clos
ing price. - :.  t. V
Oats acted independently, prices ruling high
er on light offerings and scattered buying by
the crowd generally. Closed %c higher. *
Provisions were barely steady, Buffering a
very .."mall decline in view of grain weakness
and lack of speculation. Pork and lard are
unchanged and- ribs declined 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
j Articles.- ; Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— : ■ '■•'■
October... ..... .... ...." • »6%
December... 67% 67% 66% 67 Vi
May.. .. 68% 68% 67% 07*4
Corn No. 2— ' „
October 32% • 31% 31% 31%
December 32 ' 32% 31% 32%,
May ...........;.... 34% 34% 33% 34%
Oats No. 2— • • < -
I December 23% 23% 23% < 23%
; May 24% 24% 2414 24%
\ Mess Pork, per barrel—
! December ...7 90 795 7 87% 790
j January ........... 910 915 9 07% .. 9 12 %
I Lard, per 100 pounds- . *
December .4 92% 4 92% 490 4 92%
January :..... 4 97% 502 4 97% 500
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— r- : .
j October 525 525 5 22% 52*
January ■4 70 4 70. 4 67% 4 70,
Cash quotations were : as follows :
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring Wheat, 67c: No.
3 spring Wheat. 64<ftC7c: No. 2 red. 63c; No. 2
Corn, 32c; No. 2 Oats, 24c; No. 2 white, 26%<g>
27V No. 3 white. 25%(<125%c; No. 2 Rye, 50% c;
No 2 Barley, 33« 1 47 c: No. 1 Flaxseed, 99%e@
$1; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 37%: Mess Pork,
per barrel, $7 8507 90; Lard, per 100 pounds,
$4 :,-.;. 4 87%; Short Rib Sides, loose, $5 05fg5 30; j
Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%@4%c; Short ;
Clear Sides, boxed, $5 15<ff5 25; Whisky, dis- j
tillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 25. |
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. !
Flour, barrels 16,000 20.000
Wheat, bushels 255,000 99,000
Corn, bushels ....: 358.000 D 25.900 1
Oats, bushels 402,000 302.000 1
Rye. bushels 4,000 26,000
Barley. bushels 116,000 : 6,000 ;
.—„. — „ — 1 —
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter ]
market was firm; creameries, 14<{?22c; dairies. ;
12£?18c. Eggs, fresh, 17@lSc. Cheese steady; !
7%@Sc. , . N"
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts, Shipments,
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 336,000 40,500
Duluth 702,779 210,584
Milwaukee 30.550 102.600;
Chicago 255,300 95.6C6 |
Toledo :.......... ••- {
St. Louis 69,000 47,000
Detroit • •• !
Kansas City 106,000 104.000 j
Totals .......
Tidewater —
805t0n.... 30,015 55,940;
New Ycrk 171,125 24,000;
Philadelphia 1.710 41,044
Baltimore • • V.AA .
New Orleans 54,400 ;
Galveston &•»♦?•«•
Totals •••
LIVERPOOL FUTURES. I
Wheat— ' ' Dec - Mar.
Opening 6 3% 6 2%
Closing - 6 2% 6 1
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan.-Apl. I
Opening Oft 47 05.
Closing ..... j
Opening ...'...... 22 10 22 05
Closing
EASTERN CATTLE MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— CATTLE— active
demand. Choice steers, 16 *o©6 80; medium, i
$4 75@5; beef steers, $3 90@4 70; stockers and j
feeders, $2 7"''i4 56; bulls, $2 40@4 10; cows and
heifers. $3 50@4 25; calves, $3 25@7; Western
rangers, $2 60(g»4 65; Western led steers, J4@ i
S iO; Texas grass steers, $3 15@4 15. |
HOGS— Were in good demand. Fair to choice, '■.
$3 55@3 82%; packing lots, $3 45@3 62%: butchers,
53 45@3 82%; mixed, *3 40@3 So; lights, »3 40®
3 SO; pigs, J2 ."/(•'".I 65. ■*■>, 1
SHEEP— The demand for sheep was quite
animated at steady prices. Lambs were wanted
at $4f&-4 50 for the poorest, and choice to extra
steady, With few good enough going over $7 55.
Western range lambs sold largely at $5 25@
5 60; feeding lambs. $4 60@5 05. - Sheep were i
wanted at J2 60@3 50 for common lots up to
$4 50® 4 65 for choice flocks, a good many West
ern range sheep gelling at *4 50fj>4 60; feeding •
sheep, >:: 75«j4 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 13,000; hogs, 34,000; sheep,
■
DKNVKR.
DENVER, Oct. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1600.
Market steady to tlrm. Beef steer?, »3 90&4 25;
cows, $3®3 50; feeders, freight paid to river,
13 :•."<; 1 30; stockers. freight paid, J3 85@4 40;
bulls, stags, etc., *2 25@3.
HOGS— Receipts. 500. Market weak to 5c
lower. Light packers, »3 57%®3 60; mixed, I
$3 52%©3 57%; heavy, $3 50©3 55. i
SHEEP— Receipts, 4480; market steady and ;
unchanged. Good fat muttons, *3 25<g4 io;
lambs, $4 25ig 5.
...... KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 26. -CATTLE—
11,000; best beeves steady; others weak to 10c
lower. Native steers, JB®3 •♦"; cows and heifers,
$1 50#4 25; stockers and feeders, $3 50@4. 40;
bulla, $2 tool 26. . :' " -
■ HOGS— Receipts. 4000; market steady. Bulk
of sales, $3 60©3 56; heavier $3 50® 3 60; pack
ers, $3 605 3 85; lights, $3 47>4'g3 55; pigs, $3 30©
3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000: market firm. Lambs,
$4@5 50; muttons, $3@4 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Oct. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4500:
market steady. Native steers, ■$4 40#5 30; West
ern steers. *3 80@4 40: COWS and heifers. $3 25
04; stockers and feeders. $3 50® 4; calves. $4 50
#7; bulls and stags, 12 25®3 76.
HOGS — Receipts, 8200; market ac lower.
Heavy, $3 60©a 57»/4; mixed, $3 52V4@3 53; light,
$3 55&3 60; bulk of sales, $3 E2',4<&3 55. - . .
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000; market steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 80@4 40; "Westerns, $3 70@4 25;
stockers, *2 50@4 10; lambs, $4 50@5 50.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26 —Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Cornlchons,
|2 :.;/a2 70 double crate and %l 30@l 40 single
i ntt; Tokays. $1 80-?i2 7« double crate and 80c@
$1 25 single crate. Karl Fruit Company's sales:
< iraj.es -Tokaye, Kc&fl 30; double crates, Jl 45
average $1 71; Cornlchon, $2 55 double
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— Grapes— Cornlchons. $2 80
©8 10 doable crates and $1 40©l 65 single crates;
Tokays, $1 75@2 70 double crates and SSc@sl 48
single crates.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Grapes
Red Emperors, |1 60; double cratea, $3 05;
Emperors, $1 57; double crates, |2 98; Pome
granates $1; Glout Morceau, $2 48; Eaater
Beurre, $1 66; Winter Nells, |1 75; B. Diel, $1 77;
Vicar $J 65; d'Alencon, $1 75.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— Grapes— Tokay, 65c@
$1 30; double crates, $1 45@2 20; average $1 71;
Cornlchon, double crates, $2 55. Weather
! stormy. Six cars sold.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS IN NEW
YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct.' 26.— The Journal of Com
merce under this date says: There were ru
mors afloat to-day that the California Raisin
Association proposes to make a further advance
in prices in view of the light demand since
the last advance. Trade generally seems to be
lieve this report is being 1 circulated with a
view to stimulating the demand at current quo
tations, as it is not stated how soon or to
what extent prices are to be raised. Seeded
ralsir.B are reported to be in very good di
rmind, though prk-f-s vary widely. There has
been considerable demand for Valencia raisins.
Sultanas are scarce on spot. Currants aro in
I better request and the market is firm, with an
upward tendency. Apricots are firm, but th«
limited supply and comparatively high prices
demanded restrict business. There is no change
in the market for figs.
California prunes are firm. Spot stocks are
pmall, and under gradually increasing de
mands of consumption the market is tending
upward. There is considerable inquiry for
Oregon and Washington prunes, but there is
little or nothing obtainable on spot, and there
are few offerings from coast. Some 1897 stock
Is ft-llinp from second hands at 6@6VzC for 40s
@'50s. and seems to be giving good satisfaction
| to buyers.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Consols, 108%; silver, 2S<l;
French rentes, lOlf 65c; wheat cargoes oft coast,
buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on passage,
sellers at advance 6d; English country markets,
g Li e VERP(xJL! r bet. 26.— WHEAT— Firm; wheat
in Paris, dull; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, firm.
LONTJON, Oct. 26.— Beet sugar, October, 9s
5%d; November, 9s %d.
COTTON — Uplands. 3 l-16d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 26.— WHEAT— No. 1 red
Northern ppring easy, 6s 7»id. Futures closed
easy; October, nominal; December, 6s 2%d;
CORK— Spot American quiet, 3s 10V4d; Novem
ber steady, 3s 9ttd.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 26.— Wheat, quiet in
sympathy with other markets. Walla Walla,
Sift 62c; Valley. 64c; Blue Stem, 6Ec.
Clearances— British ship Cambrian Hills, for
Queenstown, with 103,659 bushels wheat; Ocr
man bark Vasco da Gama, for QU'-enstown.
with 24,774 barrels flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 26.— The wheat market
is Hat and dropped off a cent. Freights mean
while are stiff. Club, 60V»c; Blue Stem, 63%
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 26.— Clearings, $353,350;
balances, $56,&73.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — f* BJW
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — * SS
New York Exchange, giant — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market continued to decline
under a diminished business on call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, - 21%@1 23%; milling,
$1 25@1 27%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
4000 ctls, Jl 22%; 2000, $1 23; 18,000, |1 2000,
*1 23%; 32.0H0, »1 23%.
Second Session — December — 28,000 ctls,
91 23; MOO, $1 22? i.
Regular Morning- Session— December— l6,ooo
ctls. Jl 23%; 8000, $1 23%. May— 2ooo. $1 25.
Afternoon Session — December — SOOO ctls,
$1 23%: 4000. $1 23%; 2000, $1 23%; 2000, $1 23%;
10.000, $1 23%. May— 2ooo. »1 2j> 2 .
BARLEY— The market drags along without
much change and but little business.
Feed, $1 17%(51 22%; Brewing, *1 25<gl 35 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 23%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 33%.
OATS— The market is dull, as It generally is
Just before collection day. Values are undis
turbed.
Fancy Feed, $1 25 per ctl; good to choice,
U 2Wj>l 22%; common. 31 15?Z1 17%; Surprise,
$1 SOOI X; Gray, $1 1601 17%; milling, $1 20@
1 27% per ctl; Red, ?l 40@l 45; Black, |1 50@
1 70.
CORN— Stronger Eastern quotations do not
affect this market, which is aull with free of
ferings.
Small round yellow, SI 20; Eastern large yel
low. $1 (tfUfil 05; white, ?1 02%©l 05: mixed,
Iliiil 02% per ctl; California White. $1 054fl 07%.
RYE— California, $1 2U(ffl 22%; Eastern, *1 17%
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern Is quoted at $1 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, |4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, *3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $S 254X3 50: Buckwheat
Flour. 54«4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 Ssr,£is 25; in sacKs, $5 051*6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. '
There is no change In anything. Hay is dull,
in F-pite of decreased receipts. Bran and Mid
dlings; are in fair demand.
BRAN— SIS 50<gl<3 50 per tor..
MID] (LINGS— tIB@2O per ton.
FKEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $2« per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, MIQ3I 50; jobbing,
J32®82 50; <"'X-<>anut Cake. S24fi2i; Cottonseed
Meal. $28630 per ton; Cornmeal. $23 50<g24 50;
Cracked Corn. $24*72-".
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16<517 50 for
good to choice and O4&1G 50 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; wheat and Oat, $ir>f[<l7;
Oat. $14fi15 50; Island Rarley. $12 50<513 50; Al
falfa. SIO^H: ritock, $11(012: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.) —
nominal. *
STRAW— SO<&7Oc per bale ;
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is not much call for Beans and the sit
uation is unchanged. Seeds and Dried Peas
are- quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 SOfil SO: Small Whites.
$2 OJ(f72 15; Large Whites. ?1 BOiffl 70; Pinks,
Jl 70®l 75; Reds. $3: Blackeye, $3 25®.'! 50: But
ters, nominal: Limas, $3 2.V33 30; Pen, $1 90®
2 10; Red Kidneys, $2 31U2 50 per ctl.
SEEP.-'— Brown Mustard, $4 50 per ctl: Yel
low Mustard, $4 25; Flax, nominal; Canary
Seed. 2V H (f72y 1 c per lb: Alfalfa, 6%«j-6-'Kc; Rape,
2%(H'2*ic: Hemp, 2-4'('3o: Timothy. M&ttc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25@1 40; Green, $1 50
@1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There in nothing ' new. ; j ==.. .. -^-
POTATOES— 3OS 40c for Early j Rose and 3o@
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
(ill 20; Oregon, : 60#90c;> Sweet Potatoes, 75c
for nearby and $I@l 25 for Merced. ;iE. , ;
ONIONS— 2S@4Oc per ctl; . Pickle Onions, So®
60c per ctl. , ■
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3@3T4c; String
Beans. l{?3c: Lima Beans,- 2@2V4c per lb;
Bay Squash, 25@40cr Green Peppers. 40@60c;
Cabbage, 50c; Carrots, 35@50c per sack: Bay
Cucumbers, 40@50c: Tomatoes. | 35<3)65c; Garlic,
3c per lb; Green Okra, 50® 65c per lb; Dried
Okra. 10c per lb: Exit Plant, 35@50c per box;
Marrowfat Squash, $S®lo per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, I6<g 18c; granulated, raw. 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c: new. ISc; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold at $." for Ducks |
and old Roosters, , $6 for Hens,, $t®6 50 for young
Roosters, $4'?T4 50 for Fryers and $4 for Broilers.
Poultry and Game range about the same as
before. More or less- Game still cornea In
spoiled.
, POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 14@16 for Gob
blers and 12i@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
; $1 25@1 SO: Goslings, $1 25@1 60; ; Ducks, $4©5 50
i for old and $4@5 50 for young; Hens. $Mis 50;
! Roosters', young, J4@s; Roosters, old. $4@4 50;
1 Fryer?, $4; f Broilers, :$3 50© 4 for large, $3®
3 60 for email; Pigeons, ■ JlSjfl 25 per liozen for
old and |1 50@l 75 for. squabs.
. GAME— "... .: - ■■-■ -;'■■■• ■'.. '- - J
Quail $1 25'Sl 75: Mallard, $6 Do@7 50; Canvas
back. $8@10: Sprig, $3 50@4 50; Teal. $2 50@3 50;
Widgeon. $2 50<g:3; Small Duck, : $2; English
Snipe, $1 50@l 75; Jack Snipe, $1; Gray Geese,
$2@2 50; White Geese, 75c©*l 25; Hare, ■ $1; Rab
bits, $1 25@1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
■■-' BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are a shade higher and firm. Butter
'■ rules weak at the recent decline.
BUTTEK— .' '
i Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23@24c; sec- i
; onds, 20®22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 22@22V4c; common:
grades, 18<<i2lc. ' •
Pickled Goods— lS!f?20c; pickled roll,
19@21c; creamery * tub, 21@22&c ,
Eastern Butter— packed, 16@16%c per
rt>; Elgin, 22<g22>ie. • '■ :' •'•-•■
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@lle; old, B>,is
9'/4c " Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; , Young America,
10Vi«llMic; Eastern, 12@13c. ■
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 32%@38c per dozen;
store Eggs, nominal; Eastern, ll@2oc for ordi
nary and 23@25c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND . CITRUS ; FRUITS.
i ' Wine Grapes continue to advance. Table
! Grapes are cleaning 'up better, but are no
i higher. Everything else remains about as pre
viously quoted. ■
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ■.
Strawberries, $1 50#4 per chest for large and
- — (or small. , ' ■ ,1 ," .
Figs, - 40®60c per box. double layers. ■■-■■
Cantaloupes, 75c@$l 60 per. crate; Nutmegs,
35(Ti60c per box; Watermelons, nominal.
I Huckleberries, 6@6c per Ib.
i Quinces, per box. ' „ -••
! Persimmons, 50c In single and 75c per box In
double luyers. ■ : ■ ::. '-'»• -
I Pomegranates. 40@60c per small box.
I Cranberries, $7 sO@B per barrel for Eastern
'' and $2 50 per box for Coos Bay. '
I Ordinary Grapes. 25c®50c pei box; crates sell
! about 10c higher than boxes: Isabellas, 75e@$l
! per crate; Wine Grapes, , $20@25 per ton for Zln
! f andel . and • $156? 18 for, common t kinds. ■
i . Raspberries. $4@5 per chest. _•
Apples, 35@i>0c for common, <s@Bsc per box
: for No. 1 and $I@l 25 for choice,
i Pears, 50c@il 23 per box. ■„„„ ■ ; , '" ,'■*■
! CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2@3 for Valen
i das II 60@l 75 for > Mediterranean i Sweets and
Isl 25@1 50 for ■ Seedlings; Lemons. $1 50®2 50
I for common and =' $3@4 50 ' for good ito choice ;
1 Mexican Limes, $4@5; California Limes, |I@l 50
i per small box; Bananas. $1 25@2 25 ■ per bunch;
Pineapples, $3&4 per dozen. :
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
i Prunes ; rule dull.' Peaches 'and Honey are
about the firmest things on the list. -
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6Vj!@7c , for " 40-50' s,
6®5%c for 50-60" s, 4£i4 1 for GO-70 B, 3"4@3>4c for
70-SO's. 2%@3c"! for 80-90' s, ; ' 2Vi@2>Ac ' for r 90-100's
and l%@2c ■' for 100-110's; V Silver Prunes. s@"c:
Peaches, 6@7MtO for ' good ■ to i choice, 7%@Sc tor
fancy and 10012% c lor peeled; ; Apricots, s 10@
12c ■ for i Royals - and ■-'■ 12(g'l2M:C - for : Moorpark ;
Evaporated Apples,l7V4@7^c; sun -dried, ; 4®
4Vic; « Black ■ Figs, sacks, <t 2@2%c ; ', Plums, . 4Vi@
6c for * pitted and r l@l%c for :, unpftted ; Nec
tarines, 6@7c for prime to . fancy Pears, 6@7c
for quarters and • B@9o •■ for halves. r .. > -;■, r:- -..,- ; ; . _
RAISINS— 3^ic for two-crown, 4^4c for three
crown, 5%c- for i four-crown, : 5@6%c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for I London Layers; i Dried :• Grapes, ' 2(3>2V6c. v - •
j•; NUTS— Chestnuts, r 10c ~ l per : 1b; .-\ Walnuts, 6c
for hardshell. ,7c for softshell; ■ Almonds, : s@6c
for a hardshell, : 13c for - softJhell, 13@14c ,' for
paper-shell ; - Peanuts, ■■ 4@5%c for Eastern and
4 '4c for California. . - '.-• ■ : : •; •> ■;<:
■k- HONEY— Comb. :. 10@llc ; for bright < and B®3c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 6^@
7c; - light : amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@s&c
per "■■■•■■ ■■■ ■-"--"• per - tb. -'- •' '-' .'■'. ■■>.■'■'
;•• BEESWAX— 24ff 26c per Ib. , . :
PROVISIONS. ' : VTV T
CURED ? MEATS— Bacon, 7#o per ID '^ for
heavy,- 8c for light medium. 10c for light, IOV2C
for extra light and 12#12^c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams, 9@9&c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11@11 50; Family Beef, 512®'
12 50; extra Prime Pork. $10 r- extra clear, $18®
18 50; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
Per It). - - ■.:■:-■ . - - .': ■■" W- .. ■- j- > S
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 5%c per It)
for compound and 6&@7c for pure; pails, 7ftc,
California tierces. 4?i@se per rb for compound
and 6c for pure ; half barrels, 6Vsc; ■- 10-Ib tins,
7Vic; 5-It> tins, 7 l ic. .'■■.•- - .
COTTOLENE — Tierces. , s%@6'.*c; packages
less than 300 IDs— pails. 60 In a case, 9%c:
3-lt> pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lt> pails. 12 in a
case, B'X.c; 10-lb pails, 6in ■ a . case, B%c; 50-ro
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
; lbs net, B',ic; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; halt
barrels, about 110 "lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
- Holders of Hops have been unable to secure
a further advance and the market is quiet at
the quotations. '
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; : medium, 9c; " light, S&c; i. Cow
hides, B%@9V6c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12@13c; "dry Kip and Veal, 15c; • dry calf, - 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool.
30@50c each; medium, 60@80c;long_Jivool,90c@
$1 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 for large
and $I@l 50 for small; Colts, 25® 50c ; ; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50@l 75 for large and $1 : for
small. ■ -•-■ : . .■■,-:--■■'■ '-^-CL.'
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3V4@3V»c per It).
No. 2, 2%@2=r;c; refined. 4%@*%c; Grease.
WOOL— IB 97 clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months', 8@10c: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14c; Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10@12c; Middle County, 13 16c v^ m '
boldt and Mendocino, 14@16c; Nevada, l°@l* c :
Eastern Oregon. 10W12c: Valley Oregon, 15@17C.
HOPS— IS9S crop, 12@i4c per Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%<flsc; Wool Bags, 26<&28c; San
Quentin Bags. $4 85: Fruit Bags, sc, hVzC and
5%e for the three grades of white and 7(&Sc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington $7 50; Seattle,
S«; Bryant, $C; Coos Bay. ?5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $10 in bulk and $11 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and cast c
Gate, $7 6o; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
SUGAR-i-The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany has reduced its prices and now quotes,
terms net cash: Cube Crushed, and Fine
Crushed 6%c; Powdered, 6Vbc; Candy Granu
lated. 5%c; Dry Granulated, o^c; Confectioners
A, ."> 1«c;1 «c; California A, 5V«c; Magnolia A, oWy,
Extra C, sc; Golden C, 4%c; half-barrels, %c
more thr.n barrels, and boxes V*c more. No
order taken lor less than 7a barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef and Pork are steady. Mutton Is firm
at .1 slight advance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; choice, 6%c; second
quality, oWii'x; Uiird quality, 4<jusc.
VEAL— Large, 8®7o; small. 6ViM*c per ID.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7M:c; Ewes, 6W@«c
per lt>.
LAMB— 7 1 / i@Sc. per Ib.
PORK— Live Hugs, 3',<!@3%c for large 4@4' /4 c
for medium and «4©B%c lor small; stock Hogs.
2@3c; dressed Hogs, EV*@6 1 ,4 c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, October 26. ,
Flour, qr sks ... 2,9B2 .Quicksilver, fl?k. 157
Wheat, ctls 840 Lumber, ft ...... 20,000
Barley, ctls 3,765 i Eggs, doz • 11 f'^5
Oats, ctls 180 i Wine, gals 118,000
Rye, ctls .... 41'> Brandy, gals .... 2,900
Butter, ctls ..... 154 Hay, tons ........ 304
Cheese, ctls ..... 10') -Wool, bales 32c.
Tallow, ctls 228 Sugar, sks ...... 2,302
Beans, sks ...... 5, 500 Leather, rolls ... 134
Middlings.' sks .. 82 'Hides, no ........ 70S
Potatoes, sks ... 6,060 Pelts, bdls 404
Onions, sks ..... 800 Lime, bbls 91
Bran, sks 848 Raisins, bxs 3,630
OREGON.
Flour qr sks ... 5,718 Bran, sks ........ 3,596
Wheat, • ctls ..... 7.615 1 Shorts, sks 645
Barley, ctls 5,520 Hay. tons 43
Oats, ctls • Wool, tales SI
Potatoes, sks ... 1.394 : : ■- '• ".
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400 i Buckwheat, ctls. 280
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Carl and Lena Schneider to Harry Lester,
lot on E line of Pearl street, 100 N of Ridley,
N 3r. by E 10; $1400.
Kudora B. Bean to Fernando Nelson, lot on
NE corner of Twentieth and Hartford streets,
N 173 by E 250; $50. ■
Joseph and Mary A. Holland (by B. P. Oliver.
commissioner) to Htbernla Savings and Loan
Society, lot on N line of Twenty-third street,
75 E of Alabama, B 50 by N 104; $3767.
X R Ellis to Katharine C. Ellis (wife), lot
on S line of Twenty-nfth street, 96:6 E of Bart
lett, E 24 by S 100; gift.
Joseph and Elvira CaleEaris to Margaret
Kelly (wife of Simon), lot on N corner of
Fourth and Minna streets, NW 70 by NE 50;
Jacob Hoeges to Diedrich Dangers, lot on E
line of Harrison street, 200 S of Mariposa. b
60 by E 124:3; $5.
Charles H. and Frances A. Reynolds to Dono
hoe-Kelly Ranking Company, lot on SW cor
ner of C Street and Forty-second avenue, W
120 by S 125; $10.
Edgar B. and Eliza Clark to same, lot on N \\
corner of Forty-fifth avenue and D street, N
11,7::,, NE H2:U; SB 66:6. 8 206:11; SlO.
Mary L. Swain to WUliam J. Totten, lot 59,
block 5, Mission and Thirtieth Streets Home
8 Kud'ora B. Dean to Michael Loftus, lot on E
line of San Jose avenue, 113:3% NE of Twenty
ninth street, NE 25:5%, SE 71:0%, SW 25, NW
66-3 lot 20, Tiffany * Dean Tract; $50.
Same to William C. Hamerton. lot on NV\
line of Tiffany street, 48 NE ;of Twenty-ninth.
NE 150, NW 60. SW 100, NW 70:10%, S"V\ 25:r,%,
SE 71:0%, SW 25, SE 60, lots 29 and 30, same;
Alameda County.
Marietta L. Chandler to H. D. Irwin (as re
ceiver in trust for Chandler & Co.). lot on NB
corner of Prince and Kills streets, N r>o by E
120, being portion Regent-street Homestead As
sociation. Berkeley; I*.
Fred BranVj to Hannah Wright, lot on S line
William N and Charlotte A. Holway and A.
P Marißrum (by commissioner) to Georgletta
W Blethen lot on HE line or First avenue,
300 NE of Summer street, NE 70 by SE 100,
being portion Locksley Square, Oakland An-
William Wallace Jr. to Anna B. Pike, lot 11,
block 2002. Hogan Tract, Oakland; $10.
Eugene Souchon to Domingo S. Borges, frac
tional block G, O'Leary Tract, Town of Liver
more, Murray Township; $10.
Efne 1,, and William F .Kroll to T. C. Boj-d,
lot on W corner of Twenty-fourth avenue and
East Sixteenth street, SW 30 by NW 112. being
portion of Peter Bernamayon Plat, East Oak
land; $1.
Thfn'ure C. and Elizabeth Boyd to James
T. Boyfl, same, East Oakland; $5.
Domingo Augustus to Caroline Augustus, lot
on SW line of East Fifteenth street, 100 NW
of Nineteenth avenue, NW 25 by SW 140, being
lot 17, block 20, San Antonio, East Oakland;
Sift.
Same to same, lot on N corner of East Four
teenth street and Eighteenth avenue, NW 50
by NE 140, being lots 11 and 12, block 19, same.
East Oakland; gift.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Mrs. F. Soldatl, lots 22 and 23, Elmhurst Park
map 2, Brooklyn Township; $450.
Same to Paul Ressighini, lots 9 and 21, same,
Brooklyn Township; $500.
James V. Coleman. Cecilia C. d'Andigene and
Isabella C. May to Myron L. Wurts, lot on W
line of Telegraph avenue, 100 N of Thirtieth
street, N 40, \V 129.81, S 40, E 129.27 to begin
ning, block 2035, Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
Myron L Wurts to Rebecca Wurts, same,
Oakland; gift.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Frank Herzog.
lots 6 and 7, block 4, Berthier's Addition to
Jones Tract, Brooklyn Township!; $400.
James A. and Mary A. Chirston to Henry W.
Allen, re-record 540 d 227, lot 4, block 14, Col
lege Homestead. Berkeley; $10.
James J. and Margaret J. McNamara to Al
phonslne Romer, the X % of lot 4, block A,
lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
Alphonsine Romer to James J. McNamara,
lot 2 block B. same, Alameda; $10.
Asa C. Stoddard. et al. (by commissioner) to
Alameda Savings Bank, lot 7, block E, same,
Alameda; $M 33.
J. G. Freldrickson to Ida C. FreUlrickson, 20
acres, being plat 1, Rogan Ranch, Washington
Township; $10.
Joseph and Juana H. Nevis to Manuel F.
Davilla lot 84, Nevis Tract, Town of Pleas
anton, Murray Township; $100.
Same to Jose C. Luis, lots 49 and 50, same,
Murray Township; $400.
Builders' Contracts.
John C. Flood (owneri with George c. Nail
(contractor), architect Charles M. Rousseau.
One-story frame building on W line of Treat
avnue 185 S of Twenty-second street, W 122:6
by S 35; 11400.
"Herman Schomaker (owner) with J. L. Lo
renzen (contractor), architects Martens & Cof
fey One 3-story and one 2-story frame build
ink on SE corner of Nineteenth and Capp
streets, S 50 by E 97:6; $7000. PP
Antonio Sllvestro (owner) with A. N. Nelson
(contractor), architect John McHenry. Base
ment building- with brick foundation on "W line
of Barman place, 57:6 N of Green, N 20 by
55:9; *l"00.
THE CALL'S CALENDAH.
Mooa 4^
1
g
U
7
|
*& a October T3*
.jiv - New Moon.
W October 18.
-gv&lr« Quarter,
Jr October 22.
10
11
12
15
Us"
JS
M
23
■
SS
M
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a further improvement in mining
stocks, and sales in several of the leaders were
more active than of late.
Seg. Belcher Is assessed 3c. It is quoted at
lc bid.
In local securities Hawaiian Commercial was
firmer at $46 50, and Oceanic Steamship weaker
at $59 50.
The following amounts of ore were snippea
by rail from the mines of Eureka and Hamil
ton districts, Nev., for the week ending Oc
tober 21: From Eureka district-Eureka Con..
79,330 pounds; Excelsior, 34,290; M. -fa^inger.
2140; Jackson, 79,000; Phenix. 19.370; Richmond
I 35.890; Rising Star (Silverado), SB9U; sllv «| r
West, 4300: Williamsburg. 31,930. From Hama-
I ton— McEHln, 72,350; Rocco, Lani & Co., S'J.lw,
Rocco, Smith & Jackson, 104, S2O.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 26—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
US Bonds- S F G & E.... 86% — >
(a quar coup.'.lll%U2 l San Fran .... 3 3%
4s quar re 5.. .11094111 Ptockton Gas.. 13 — -
is quar new...127*4128/2 Insurance—
4s "quar c0up.. 105% — Firem's Fund. 2oB —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks— „
Cal-st Cab 53.. 115^117 Contra Costa.. 53 57
Cal El 65.. 125 — Marln C 0....:. 50 —
C C Wat 55... 100% — Spring Valley. 100% — ,
Dup-st ex c... — ■ 98% Anglo-CaT .... 63 -.64%
E L, & P 65. .131%— : Bank of Ca1. .246 200
F&CI Ry 65. 11* — Cal SD & T.. — 100
Geary-st R ss. — 100 First Notional.2lo 220
H C & S 5%5.104 — .;; Lon P & A.... 131 —
LAL. Co 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange— 16
Do gntd 65.. 99 100% Nev Nat 8....161 —
Market-st 65.. 128%- Savings Banks-
Do Ist M ss. - 114% Ger S & L.. 1600 1630
N C NGRy 75. 106*4 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65. .113^114 Mutual Say. 35 4»
NRy Cal 55. .104 — S F Say U.. 495 —
NPC R R 65. 103 — 8L L 50.... — 98
NPC R R 53.100^101 Security S B 300 350
N Cal R R ss. - - Union T C 0.1025. 1025 —
Oak Gas 55....108>«109% Street Railroads- _
Om Ry 6s 126 127% California ....108 10914
P&CI Ry 65.106% — Geary ......... 4* —
P&O 6s 112 — Market-st ..... 53% 54
Pow<?l!-st 651.. — 123 Presidio ....... 8% —
Sac El Ry 53.100 — Powder— „ -■
SF& N P ss. 110% — California ....120 150
I SlerraßCal 65.104V4105»,4 E Dynamite... 85 9S
ISP of Ar 65..108 - Giant Con Co. 49-4 j0
S P Cal 65.... 11 l ■ — Vigorit .... .2% 2%
SPC Is eg 55.. - 104 Miscellaneous- _._. _ \
S P Br 65.....115Vi115% Al Pac Assn.. 103% —
S V Water 65. 119 - Ger Ld Wk5..160 — ■
S V Water 45.103>,i — Hana P C 0.... 16J4 16%
Stktn »ias -65..100 - H C & S Co.. 46 4 -
Gas & Electric- Hutch S P Co. 62% 62«4
Cent Gaslisrht.los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... 8% 9& Oceanic S Co. 09% 61
Mutual L Co. 8 11 Pac A F ' A.. V& 2%
: Oakland Gas.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.105 — ,
I Pac Gas Imp.. — 87 Par Paint Co. 7 —
1 Pac L Co 48% 50
Morning Session.
60 Alaska Packers' Association 103 25
35 do do .103 37%
2fiO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 46 00
50 do do b 7 1$ „?
2W Hutchinson S P Co b2 2o
130 Market-street Railway 53 fw%
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 00
25 do da B» W
5 S F Gas & Electric Co SG 25
Street—
250 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 46 00
Afternoon Session.
5 Contra Costa Water 55 00
25 Giant Powder Con- 49 50
25 do do • 49 62%
50 do do b 4 50 00
100 Hana Plantation Co 16 50
50 Hutchinson S P Co 62 S7H
50 Hawaiian Com & Sugar b 10 46 50
50 do do b 5 , 46 50
50 do do 4', io
30 do do 46 37%
$3000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 114 75
20 Spring Valley Water 100 62%
Street—
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 46 25
$500 I* S 3s Bonds (reg) 105 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
a Mutual Electric Light 9 50
40 Spring Valley Water 100 75
20 S F Gas & Electric Co S6 25
Afternoon Session.
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 46 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 62 25
40 do do 62 37>4
35 Market-street Railway 54 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 03 300 Gould & Curr.. 19
100 Andes 10 200 Justice 06
100 Belcher 10 100 Mexican 17
300 Best & Belcher. 23 700 Ophir 57
400 22 700 Overman 04
1500 Bullion 02 400 Potosl 12
100 Caledonia 22 100 Sierra Nevada... 74
200 Challenge 14 300 73
1000 Con Cal & Va.. 81 100 72
350 ...:..;. SO 200 I'nion Con 25
500 Crown #>oint ..\ 10 1500 Yellow Jacket .. 17
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 091430 Mexican 15
50 aftl2:.O Ophir 54
100 Best & Belcher. 201 50 53
500 Bullion 02U00 Silver Hill 05
50 Caledonia 22 GOO Union Con 23
650 Con Cal & Va... 7:»! 300 Yellow Jacket... 16
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2000 Andes 10 500 Crown Point ... 10
$00 Belcher 10 600 Gould & Curry.. 17
600 Best & Belcher. 21 1000 Justice 05
1200 20 600 Mexican 17
400 22 100 Ophir 57
500 19 300 56
500 Bullion 02 700 55
300Chollar 10300 54
SCO Con Cat & Va... 82 300 53
600/ SI 300 Potosi 13
2200..... 80 800 Savage 07
2700 79 300 Sierra Nevada... 70
900 78 400 tiB
600 77 250 TTnlon Con 24
200 Confidence 40 1100 Yellow Jacket.. 16
Afternoon Session.
JOO Belcher 09 200 Confidence 40
300 Best & Belcher. 20 600 Gould & Curry.. 17
200 18 500 Mexican U
200 .... 19 700 Ophir 53
300 Chollar 09 300 52
300 ■ 08 600 Potosl 12
350 Con Cal & Va... 7!< 300 Sierra Nevada... 71
300 77
Srx, MOON AND TIDE.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 2A
Sun rises 6:30
Sun s^ts 5:16
Moon sets 4:33 a. m.
For Mission-street wharf add twenty-live
minutes.
High Water.
Low Water.
October.
Ft.
I
27
28
a.m.
9:37
10:09
5.8
p.m.
10:31
11:25
4.7
I a.m.
3:54
I 4:3S
p.m.
3:10
3:49
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, XI. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.. Oc
tober 26, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Chllkat Humboldt |Oct. 27
Mlneola Tacoma Oct. 27
Samoa Humboldt Oct. 27
Aloha Crescent City Oct. 27
Corona San Diego Oct. 28
Czarina Seattle iOct. 28
Washtenaw Tacoma |Oct.-^8
Slam 'N'anaimo Oct. 2S
Roanok« iSeattle Oct. 28
.State Caltfornia|Portland Oct. 29
Umatilla Victoria & Puget SoundiOct. 29
Pomona JHumboldt jOct. 29
I Homer INewport Oct. 40
i Tltanla ;NanaJmo Oct. 30
Navarro Yaquina Bay lOct. 30
Alliance* Portland ;Oct. 31
Arcata Coos Bay. 'Oct. 31
North Fork JHumboldt ;Oct. 31
Santa Rosa San Diego [Nov. 1
St. Paul Manila jNov. 1
Geo. W". Elder.. Portland i I Nov. 1
Acapulco Panama [Nov. 1
Charles Nelson. Puget Sound Nov. 1
Fulton Portland Nov. 1
Leelanaw Seattle ; |Nov. 1
Coos Bay Newport |Nov. 3
Columbia Portland [Nov. 4
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Columbia ..I
San Juan....)
Walla Wall
Coos Bay...'
Chllkat ....
Doric
Corona
Cleveland .
State of Cai
Pomona
Homer j
Alliance . ..i
Mariposa ..
Umatllla ..
Arcata
Santa Rosa
G. W. Elder!
Steamer.
I Destination.
I Vic'*
I Destination. > Sails. j Pier.
I Oct. 28. 10 amiPler 24
Panama |Oct. 2S. 12 m'PMSS
Vie & Pgt Sd. Oct. 28, 10 amjPier »
Newport lOct. 28. 9 am ' Pier 11
Humboldt ....iOct. 28, 2 pra Pier 13
China & Japan ] Oct. 29, 1 pmjPMSS
San Diego (Oct. 80, 11 ami Pier 11
Puget Sound.. JOct. 30, 9 ami Pier 2
Portland lOct. 31. 10 ami Pier 24
IHumboldt ...JOct. 31, 2 pm I Pier 9
Newport [Nov. 1, 9 ami Pier 11
|Oregon Ports. Nov. 1. 9 ami Pier 20
Sydney Nov. 2, 2 pmiPier 7
Vie & P*t Sd. Nov. 2, 10 am ] Pier 9
Coos Bay I Nov. 2, ie am! Pier 13
San Diego iNwv. 3, 11 ami Pier 11
"Portland !Nov. 3, 10 ami Pier 24
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights dangers to navigation and alWnatters
t\t \r\ie.rc>9.\ to ocean conuucrc™- -..
5s SSSSfw fflgaf«SSa
ceived each day from the United States taignal
ii S nTice^taUn1 I he therthe-baU was dropped
A time or givinl the error if any is published
in the morning papers t^^^ ll^^^
: Ensign (retired), U. S.N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
■ -" . --~~> ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October M.
|£r Mineola David, hours from Tacnma.
Itrnr Columbia, Green. 60 hours from Port-
. la it d mr V Co^Bay. Haiw/ hours from Newport
an s d tmr ay Em£ire,- Nelson, 57 hours from Coos
B Ship Eclipse, Peterson, 7 days from Tacoma,
"Ichr^CorTnfmln 5 : KoTth"?' 2 aays from Bower.,
Brothers, Wetzel, 30 hours from
B |ch? S lifuui nS on. 4 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 57 hours frm
Coquille River. CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 26.
Br stmr Wellington, Ryan, Nanalmo; a
D^mriaurldaf F?sher. Seattle; Goodall. Per
kl Ship & O?i°ental. Parker. Nanalmo: Geo Frltch.
Brig Lurline. McLeod, Kahului; Hawaiian
Com^-elal and Sugar Co. Kahuiui; Ak
Schr H C Wright, Olsen, Kahulul; Alexander
& Baldwin. „ • __
SAILED.
Wednesday. October 23.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, Eureka, with
Bchr Lizzie Vance in tow.
Stmr National City. Anderson. Grays Kaibor.
• Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Noyo, Lundquist, Fort Bragg.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Br stmr Welllnrton, Ryan. Nanaimo.
Br ship Australian. Jolliff. Portland.
="br Nettie Sundborg. Johnson.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, Iversens Laßdir;.
Schr Confianza, Jensen, Coquiue River.
1 Schr Jennie Thelin, Rostrom, Grays Harb-jr.
Schr Webfoot, Donnelly, Grays Harbor.
Schr Hera, . Kessel.
Schr Coquelle. Pearson, Coquille River.
! Schr Lizzie Vance, Hardwick, in tow of stm?
South Coast.
RETURNED.
Wednesday, October 26.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, hence Oct 25, re
turned on account of machinery being disabled.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct. 26, 10 p. Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Oriental loads coal at De ture Bay for
this port; Hindostan, lumber at Moodyvtl for
Valparaiso, owners' account.
\ The Madagascar was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe, 255.
. The Paul Isenberg and G*?r ship Siam load
wheat at Portland for Europe, 33s 9d; Kerens,
same voyage, 325.
y DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 25— Schr John A
Campbell, from Port Blakeley.
EUREKA— Oct Stmr Samoa, for
San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Oct 26— Stmr Huene
me, from Eureka.
USAL — Sailed Oct 26 — Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr West
port and sailed.
Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Alcazar.
PORT TOWXSEND- Arrived Oct 25— Schr
Endeavor, from Port Liullow for Honolulu.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct £6— Bark Levl G Bur
gess, for aSn Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Lakme, hce
Oct 24.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 26— Schr Glendale, for
Sun Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 26— Bark B P Che
ney, hence Oct 8.
PORT BLAKELEY- Sailed Oct 26— Schr Chas
E Falk, for San Francisco: Chil bark Tatona,
for Valparaiso.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Oct 26— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
US^L— \rrived Oct 26— Schr Edward Parke,
hence Oct 22.
Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Sunol, for Eureka.
El'HEKA— Arrived Oct 26— Schr Fortuna, ho
Oct 21. , ,
Sailed Oct 26— Schr Allen A, for Honolulu.
TATOOSH— Passed in Oct 26— shin America,
hence Oct 16 for Nanaimn; ship Wrh H.
Stacy hence Oct 12 for Seattle; ship Spartan,
hence Oct 12 for Seattle; bktne Robert Sud
den, from Tientsin for Port Townsend.
GRAY.S HARBOR— Sailed Oct 26— schr C T
H ALCATttAZ tU LANDINO— Arrived Get 26— Ptr
Grace Dollar, from Usal. and sailed for San
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Oct 25— Aus stmr Bur
ma, from Nanairr.o.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 26— Schr Comet, for
Port Townsend; schr Laura May, for Grays
Harbor.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Oct 26— Stmr
EtnBfiJKTA— Sailed Oct 2£-Strr.r Chirttat, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Oot liWßr ship
Riversdale. from Hamburg for San Franc!?. .
HONGKONG — Sailed Oct 26— Br str Empress
of China, for Vancouver.
EAST LONDON— Arrived Oct 24— Br bark
Penryhn Castle, from Oregon.
MANILA— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr City of Para,
fo- Pan Francisco.
Arrived prior to Oct 26— Br stmr Condor, hca
Sept 18.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
u^ |. Steamer* leave Broadway
•k,. j wharf, San Francisco:
■Mjjßft^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
l^KHKasfc Oct. 3. £. 13, 18. 23. 28. Nov. J.
l?\ BSxST'bS'I transfer at Seattle.
BoBosVI "wll ■ For Victoria. . Vancouver (B.
KS'fS-i<?^4i C. ). Port Townsend, Seattle.
f^^*«§ WtVii Tacoma. Everett. Anaccrtes
> *"«Ssra »nd New Whatcom {Wash.). 19
"*, m Oct. 3, 13. 18, 23. 28. Nov.
• and «very fifth day thereafter, transfer at
;«SSSSs |s
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 18th of every
"Fo^further Information obtain folder. _
The company reserves the right to Chan**
without previous notice steamers, sallln* dataa
"TICKET* OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
•street (Palace Hotel).
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
- DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:F O TL. 3STID ,
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m. ,
ADC $12 First Class Including Berths
rAIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo •W. Slder sails !■ Oct. 7. 16, 25. Nov. 3.
Columbia sails Oct. 10. 19. 28. Nov. 6. ;
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22. 31, Nor. 9-
Short line to Walla Walla.: Spokane. Butta,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
v 630 Market street.
- GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. .vA-- r*:
. Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generale Transatlantic-
, (French Line) • _ x -
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday<>n!3L3,
at 10 a. m., • from Pier 42, North **rr*nuß>
River, foot of Morton street. .•■ . - - _ ■ •
LA T0URA1NE... ...:.... • Nov. 5
LA GASCOGNE -• -^ ov - \\
LA CHAMPAGNE N / - J»
LA BRETAGNE •••" ™° v - 2 %
LA T0URA1NEv...;. .;."...:.... • : -...:. .-Dec.' 3
First-class .Jto Havre $90 and upward ■ o per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45, 10 per ce*nt reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New xork.
J. F. FUGAZI ■ & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery avenue, ; San Francisco. . .. . ,
MfsamnSS& Tne s - S. MARIPOSA
ia ' ls Via Honolulu and
sSp Jaiwa X Auckland . for Sydney
fff J^S^ HaW™ ;: i>-— -C-- Wednesday, November
fHIjHM&gSSi Tne SS - MARIPOSA
y""^ Wednesday, November
li^i SiWUISniDcJ *S - S. AUSTRALIA.
S&'-H/ Q^UlHlJliil/ sails for Honolulu only
V^t-tiS)^ /oiTiWPtl-* Wednesday, November
etC2>^ -: - IUIIIpQIMETiS, at 2p. m.
r Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN South Af rrica. ~ .
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents,
•■ ■ 114 Montgomery st.
Freight of flee— 327. Market St.," San Francisco.
SAY AiH> &IVER i STEAMEBa
■;;■/-- Steamer "Monttcello."
Mod., Tue*., Wed.. Thura. and 5at...... »
:. 9:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex."ThurM"
Friday0...:..:.........v..l p. m. and 8:50 p. m.
Sundays .................. .10:30 a. m. and Sg.Hi
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier V
-. ,?••" -r--:. ;. ■ T»l«phoD8 Red t!4l. /... ;
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO 'at 10 a. m. .
. Steamer ALVISO," Clay-street Wharf. v. Far* to
Ban Jose, 60c; round ' trip, l 75c. ' Delightful Bay
Excursions, : Alviso and return. 75c. TeUphona'
| Main 1250. -•:■ , ' : -- ■:- ■ • ( .-. ; ,.'; ■.."DEMOCRATS ARE
STRIVING FOR
THE PATRONAGE
Their Campaign Has
No Foundation.
AGAINST A STONE WALL
"HONEST JOHN TALCOTT" HAS
NOTHING TO FEAR.
Points to His Roads and Bridges and
Relies Upon Them to Carry
Him Through th«
Tight.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct 26.
The great struggle in the looal campaign
at this time is for the control of the
Board of Supervisors, and for the time be
ing there la a subdued Interest in other
fights.
Meßßrs. "W. H. Church and J. R. Talcott
are the retiring members of the board,
and they have been nominated by the Re-
Culverts of Solid Masonry Which Are Helping to
Swell Supervisor Taicott's Majority.
publicans to succeed themselves. The re
maining three members are T. D. "Wells (a
Democrat), Charles Roeth (who has no
political creed) and John Mitchell (a Re
publican). The Democrats are trying to
secure the election of two of their faith,
because of the large amount of patronage
which the Supervisors control. Various
charges have been hurled at the Repub
lican members and many false and stuuid
statements have been made, but they are
so far removed from the facts that they
have had no efi'<_- t.
Supervisor Talcott has been criticized on
a • int of his road fund. No fault has
been found with the many miles of roads
thai are under his charge, but ;>.\\ kinds
of nuns- nsical statements have been pub-
I regarding the funds. A careful
etud* of all that has been published re
but one fact, viz.— that Mr. Talcott
has, iike a good district official, "ot all
the money possible from the county for
the ro;uis in his territory and has spent it
to the very best advantage. It was re
cently stated that every day it rains adds
to Taicott's majority, because the hun
dreds of travelers along his roads cannot
help contrasting them with the condition
that prevailed before Mr. Talcott took
office.
The attempted opposition to Mr. Talcott
has brought out one very Important fact
of which no one was aware. It has been
stated that he was very careful to see
that the road in front of his own house
was in first-class .shape. It now trans
pires that the section of road referred to
was nut macadamized by the county but
by private contract and that Sherman &
Clay, J. R. Talcott and several other
property owners paid for it out of their
own pockets.
The substantial nature of the work done
on ihe roads, bridges and culverts in
Mr. Taicott's district has bsen common
subject of talk for the past two years.
Instead of frittering away public money
In wooden, flimsy structures that required
rebuilding after every storm, Mr. Taicott
has had constructed solid structures of
masonry that will last for all time, and
since he has pursued this business-like
policy there have been no complaints
made such as were of daily occurrence a
few years ago.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMI2DA, Oct. 26.— The Democrats
will hold a rally next Saturday evening
at Holtz Hall. West End. N. J. Man
eoii will preside. Many of the candidates
on the so-called union ticket will address
the meeting. ■.-___,»*,.
A woman representing herself as the ad
vertising agent of a local paper has suc
ceeded in collecting considerable money
from Alameda merchants on advertising
contracts, which have been pronounced
fakes.
Joseph A. Leonard underwent a surgi
cal operation to-day in an endeavor to
save his foot, which was seriously crushed
some weeks ago on the Yukon. It was
thought that the absence of medical at
tendance at the time of the accident might
necessitate the amputation of the injured
foot. Over fifty pieces of splintered bone
were removed from the foot to-day.
A MUCH-DESIRED CHILD.
Legal Fight Now On for the Custody
of Cecelia Church.
The fight between George F. Church, a
Fresno merchant, and the woman who
was once his wife, but who now bears
the name of Mrs. Alice A. Alexander, for
the custody of their child, Cecelia Church,
aged 15 years, again occupied the atten
tion of Judge Dunne yesterday morning.
The child Is now in the legal custody of
Mrs. Alexander. Church has brought
habeas corpus proceedings, an odd mode
of attempting to gain the custody of the
child, but, as she is of sufficient age to
nominate her own guardian, it is said
that it is simply a step taken on the part
of her father to find whether or not the
child is being properly cared for.
When the case was called yesterday a
continuance was requested, but before the
cour* would consent to grant the re
qu«»oc the child was placed upon the
stand. Prior to calling for her testi
mony counsel took occasion to explain the
circumstances that led up to the' litiga
tion for her custody. Eleven years ago
the litigants were divorced by a Fresno
court. Two children were placed in the
custody of the father, and one was placed
in the mother's care. Subsequently,
stated the attorney, the child given into
the custody of her mother left this city
and returned to her father. Mrs. Alex
ander hurried to Fresno and, with the as
sistance of a policeman, created considera
ble trouble, and when she returned the
child was with her. Again her father's
brother came to this city, found the child,
gave her money and told her to go to
her father. As the child was boarding
the boat on this side her mother, again
accompanied by a policeman, frustrated
the plans and placed the child in a con
vent in the Mission.
The child was then questioned regard
ing her peregrinations during the last
few years. She said she had been trans
ferred from school to school, having been
but a week in the Mission convent. She
expressed no choice between life with her
rather or dwelling in a convent at her
mother s bidding. In consequence, the
court postponed the case a few days and
In the meantime the child will deter
mine in whose custody she chooses to re
main until she attains her majority.
HIS CHARGES UNTRUE.
Officer Reardon Heavily Fined by the
Police Commissioners.
Policeman Neil Reardon of the Seven
teenth-street station was before the Po
lice Commissioners last night charged
with contumacious conduct in openly as
serting that Detectives Fitzgerald and
Graham and Prosecuting Attorney Gra
ham cf Judge Low's courf had destroyed
the complaint in a felony case for a mon
ey consideration.
The evidence showed that Reardon had
arrested a young man named Smith on a
warrant charging him with robbery.
Shortly before the preliminary examina
tion of Smith in the Police Court Rear
don, whose ambition is to be a detective,
declared In the presence of Beveral wit
nesses that Graham and Fitzgerald, the
! clever sleuths of the" Mission district, had
: conspired with Prosecuting Attorney Gra
; ham to "job" him. Just before the ex
; amination of the accused was commenced
i Reardon whispered to Judge Low that the
: complaint in the case had been destroyed
! and that the two detectives and the Pros
i ecuting Attorney of the court were guilty
I of the crime.
Reardon under oath denied he hail said
the officers or Graham had destroyed the
complaint. He admitted that at" tim.-s
he "talked too much," and perhaps said
something which some enemy had con
strued as reflecting on the integrity of the
two detectives and Prosecuting Attorney
Graham.
At the conclusion of the case the Com
missioners fined Reardon $100 with a se
vere admonition to keep his tongxie bri
dled in the future.
MRS. PIXXEY'S ESTATE.
Appraisers Find It to Be Valued at
$184,636.29.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of Amelia V. R. Pixley, wife of the
late Frank M. Pixley, was filed yesterday.
George H. Pippy, J. M. Ellis and J. ja.
Code, the appraisers, find the estate to be
valued in total at $184,636 29. The most im
portant items in the inventory are: Real
estate at California and Polk streets,
$55,000; real estate at Union and Fillmore
streets, $47,500; real estate in Marin Coun
ty, $17,500; seventy-five shares of the capi
tal stock of the Bank of California, $18,375;
personal property, household effects and
Jewelry, $25,287 4a. The balance of the
estate is composed of small real estate
holdings, money and stocks and bonds.
The expenses of appraisement amount to
$1059 50.
» ♦ ■
For Kahn and Republicanism.
The Julius Kahn Congressional Club
met Tuesday evening at 836 Howard
street, James Ryan in the chair. Among
the many speakers who entertained the
large assemblage were: Julius Kahn,
Hon. Frank McGowan, Judge Clement,
Thomas F. Graham, Charles Kennealley,
Assembly nominee. Twenty-ninth District,
and A. J. Morgenstern. Vocal exercises
were rendered by the James Troutt quar
tet. Hon. Frank McGowan made a speech
on the fallacies of Maguireism and the
manifold good qualities of the Republican
municipal ticket. The meeting adjourned
to meet next Friday evening at B'nai
B'rith Hall.
Commercial Independent Club.
The Commercial Independent Club was
formed Tuesday evening at 625 Kearny
street. The following named officers were
elected: President, Louis Schultze; first
vice-president. Wash Marion; second vice
president. K. Lundstrom; third vice-pres
ident, W. Lawrence; secretary, S. J.
Budgewood; treasurer; Isaac Isaacs; ser
geant at arms, George Smith; executive
committee, J- Wall (chairman). S. J.
Bridgewood, Edward Johnston, Leo Gib
bert, Charles David.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
writes about
The Coming Wheat Crop,
in next Sunday's Call.
Citizens' Independent Club.
A large and enthusiastic meeting was
held Tuesday night by the Citizens' In
dependent Political Club at the offices of
.McLaughlin & Co., 777 Market street G.
H Burchard presiding and S. G. West
acting as secretary. After balloting was
concluded the secretary was instructed
to notify the successful nominees of their
having secured a majority vote of the
club, members having previously agreed
that candidates getting the largest vote
should have the support of the club on
election day. and up to that time its as
sistance in 'furthering their interests.
Henry T. Gage Club.
The Henry T. Gage Club held its regu
lar weekly meeting Monday night at 132
Eleventh street. Henry M. Clement, can
didate for Superior Judge, addressed th»
club.
THE SAN FUAItfCISCO CALL, THTJESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1898.
BOND ISSUE TO
BE SUBMITTED
ON SATURDAY
Merchants' Exchange
Favorable.
WEST OAKLAND IS DIVIDED
COLONEL IRISH OPPOSED TO THE
PROPOSITION.
Vice President Witcher Beads a
Circular That Telia of the
Object of the
Issue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 26.
Next Saturday the proposition to bond
the city for the purpose of Improving and
purchasing parks will be submitted to the
people. Last evening the Merchants' Ex
change indorsed the proposition unani
mously.
Vice-President "Witcher read the follow
ing statement:
"It is proposed that the city of Oak
land shall issue $320,000 twenty-year 4
per cent bonds, the proceeds to be used
as follows:
For the purchase of Adams Point
(62 acres) $240,000
For the improvement of the same.. 50,000
For the improvement of West Oak-
land Park 20,000
For the improvement of Independ
ence Square, East Oakland 10,000
"If these bonds are issued, the annual
tax therefor for the first ten years will
be 2%, cents on each $100 worth of as
sessable property within the city.
"A property owner paying taxes on $1000
at the rate of $1 10 (the average city rate
for the last ten years) now pays $11 tax.
When the park bonds are issued he will
pay $11 27. This will be a tax of only 27
cents a year, a total payment of $2 70
distributed over ten years.
"If a taxpayer goes to Golden Gate
Park, San Francisco, three times a year
because Oakland has no park, the cost
for his family of three persons would be
$2 70 per year for fares alone, or $27 In
ten years.
"For the second ten years, while the
park bonds are being redeemed, the tax
on $1000 will be $11 65\i. This will be an
additional tax of only 42^ cents per year
or a total payment of $4 26 on each $1000
worth of property, distributed over the
second ten years.
"This statement is based upon figures
furnished by the City Auditor."
JOHN A. BRITTON,
J. K. McLEAN,
R. W. SNOW,
JAMES MOFFITT,
JAMES P. TAYLOR,
W. B. ENGLISH,
J. F. W. SOHST.
FRANK K. MOTT,
Executive Committee.
The West Oakland Improvement Club
is divided upon the proposition. A long
discussion occurred at its regular meet
ing, and Colonel Irish opposed the issue
of bonds for park purposes. Auditor
Snow differed from the colonel.
"1 object to the whole thing," said
Colonel Irish. "I don't think that the
proposition is fair to the people of West
Oakland. It is proposed to take $488,000
out of the pockets of the taxpayers for
parks, streets and sewers for the benefit
of the people about the lake and give
West Oakland only $20,000 for the Improve
ment of its 11%-acre potato patch of a
park.
"The people of Oakland have not been
treated fairly with regard to the measure.
Had it not been for the action taken by
this club not a louu word would have
been spoken. This whole matter has been
urged under seal of secrecy and in a cor
ner. The advocates of this measure have
sought under silence to secure a vote in
its favor, trusting that no opposition
would thereby be developed. Mr. Adams
auks the people of Oakland to pay him
$4760 en acre for land that, when it was
assessed for $3000, he claimed to be an
excessive valuation, and went before the
Supervisors to get it reduced to $2000.
What is there bo sacred about the Adams
property that it should be treated differ
ently from others? Adams is ordinary
flesh and blood. I know him, and he has
the hereditary instinct for looking out
for his own interest."
A motion to favor the bonds was finally
passed. Colonel Irish stating that It was
understood the motion did not carry an
indorsement of the club. At a former
meeting the club opposed the bonds.
Friends of A. C. Berthier.
The employes of the leading wholesale
butchers of South San Francisco met last
evening at Myrtle Hall, Seventh and Rail
road avenues, and organized a club in
the interest of A. C. Berthler, Republican
candidate for Recorder. Judging from the
interest displayed Mr. Berthler has a
large number of friends in that section
of the city. The following named gen
tlemen were elected as officers: Presi
dent, W. Scheflian; vice president.
Th« fao-aimile X^r s&Jla /** ** on every "wrapper
denature of Ufea/s'3fA&6£&& of CASTOBIA.
Thomas Moran; secretary, Charles Wid
man; corresponding secretary, L. An
drews; sergeant at arms, T. Reagan. The
meeting was addressed by A. C. Berthier,
Martin Fragley, Charles F. Curry and
others.
IN THE THIRTY -NINTH.
A Poorly Attended Meeting- in the
Interests of the Democratic
Candidates.
The Democrats in the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District did not rally to the meet
ing in Golden Gate Armory on Ellis
street last night, although two huge bon
fires were blazing in the vicinity and a
band of music played outside on the side-
walk, p
At no time during the meeting was the
hall more than half filled and the chair
man, Dr. T. L,. Mahoney, had several
times to beg the small audience not to
leave till the conclusion of the meeting.
The cheering and applause came from
about a dozen young men gathered to
gether in the rear of the hall.
Mayor Phelan was the principal speak
er. He made a long, rambling attack up
on bosses and corporations and declared
that he and the Democratic ticket were
fighting for the principle or popular rights
against corporate domination,
Barclay Henley, candidate for District
Attorney, asserted that all the respectable
and honest people in the city were sup
porting the Democratic party and all the
evil, sinister and damnable influences
were opposed to the party. He denounced
Buckley and Rainey and said it was to
get away from their influence that the
convention of One Hundred met to select
candidates, and it seemed to him as if
the selection was an inspiration from
above.
About twenty other candidates for office
addressed the meeting, but as a rule they
contented themselves with a few words
in regard to what they would do if
elected.
UNITED LABOR PARTY.
Supreme Court to Decide the Question
of Its Legal Existence.
An effort was made yesterday by tne
United Labor party to get the names of
Its candidates on the official ballot by ap
plying to the Supreme Court for a writ
of mandate. This political body on tne
18th inst. applied to Registrar Biggy to
have the names of its candidates placed
on the official ballot. The Registrar re
fused to do as asked, claiming that the
alleged party had not held a convention
and that the application by petition was a
fraud on its face. He said that a large
number of the names appearing thereon
were not the genuine signatures of the
persons that they pretended to represent
and that many of the other names were
obtained by fraud and misrepresentation.
Yesterday W. P. Grace, chairman of the
party's committee, applied to the Supreme
Court for a writ or mandate to compel
the Registrar to grant his demand. He
takes the position that the United Labor
party is an organization and at the last
election polled a per cent of the total vote.
He meets Biggy's objections by stating
that the Registrar has no right to go be
hind the certificates for his facts. He
says that If the matter Is not decided oy
the 29th inst. it will be too late and his
candidates will be barred by the fact of
the ballots being printed. Chief Justice
Beatty ordered that the writ issue, and
made it returnable to-day at 2 o'clock.
HOEY INDORSED.
Rattan Workers Offer Generous
Praise and Promise Support.
The Rattan Workers have adopted the
following resolution:
Whereas, The Rattan Workers' Protective
Union of San Francisco has existed twelve or
more rears, and its membership is entirely
composed of California residents of the Eigh
teenth Senatorial District; and whereas, during
that period and in that locality John A. Hoey
has been known toj us all; and whereas, he
has during ail this time -to our personal knowl
edge been the firm, unwavering and consistent
friend of labor, and especially a kind, inde
fatigable and sincere friend of this union, giv
ing It moral, political, social aud financial aid;
and whereas, he Is now a condtdate for Senator
from this district.
Resolveu, unanimously, That Irrespective of
party we as a body Indorse his candidacy and
urge his overwhelming election, being confi
dent that we will thus obtain an active, ener
getic and able man.
CORNELIUS WOLF, President.
WILLIAM FRANKS, Secretary.
Daniel J. Riley. Timothy D. Sullivan, Charles
F. Ncrris, Committee on Resolutions.
PASSED THROUGH THE CITY.
Henry T. Gage, Happy and Confident,
En Route to Vallejo.
Hon. iienry T. Gage spent half an hour
In this city yesterday, en route to Vallejo,
and shook hands with his friends. The
energetic labors performed by him dur
ing his recent tour of the State have left
no trace of fatigue, and Gage laughingly
remarked that he would willingly repeat
the task, together with what he has yet
to accomplish. The warm receptions and
the good sentiment which prevails every
where for the party is responsible to a
great extent for the high spirits of the
gentleman.
Th# Republican clubs eagerly await the
coming of Webster Davis, and it is safe
to predict that thousands will be turned
away from the doors of Woodward's Pa
vilion on Monday evening. Van R. Pa
terson has been selected to act as chair
man of the evening.
A Brophy Club.
At a meeting held in Berger's Hall, in
the Thirty-first District, attended by
about 150, a club was formed for the
purpose of advancing the interests of
Thomas E. Brophy, the Republican nomi
nee for the Assembly in the Thirty-first
District. Speeches were made by Gus
Planz, P. Kerrigan, A. A. Friedlander
and others. The following officers were
elected: President, Louis Berger; vice
president, P. Kerrigan; secretary, A. A.
Friedlander; treasurer, George Arthur
Donoghue; executive committee, J. J.
Hourigan, Ed Nolan. John Campbell,
William Offorman, Henry King, A. H.
Planz.
In the Forty-Fifth.
A large Republican meeting was held
last night at 412 Jackson street in the
Forty-fifth Assembly District. The meet
ing was addressed by Judge A. B. Tread
well and Thomas F. Graham, Howard
Black and Edward Holland. The Troutt
quartet was received with great enthu
siasm. Colonel John H. Roberts spoke at
length on the issues of the campaign and
after mentioning the various candidates
urged the necessity of active, energetic
action for the success of the Republican
ticket from Gage down.
Slavic Republicans.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Slavic Republican Club was held last
night at Alcazar Hall, OTarrell street.
There was an interesting address by J. J.
Calish touching upon the national, State
and local question. It was decided that
on some day next week a large ratifica
tion meeting of the club will be held for
Gage and Neff and the whole ticket.
Kahler Lectures on Art.
Joseph Kahler, chief of The Call's art
department, delivered a lecture before the
Good Samaritan Club at Second and Fol
som streets last evening. Mr. Kahler
told how the great dally newspapers were
Illustrated, and in a very interesting
manner explained this new and advanced
branch of Journalism from the first han
dling of the subject until the finished
production of the picture In the columns
of the paper. He said that the methods
and processes employed by the San Fran
cisco dallies are far more complete and
efficient than those introducel In any
other city of the United States, with the
exception of New York. As a finale to
his remarks, the artist touched upon the
subject of cartoons and converted the
features of some of the candidates in the
present campaign into ludicrous carica
tures. His address was enthusiastically
applauded.
Amateur Night at the Chutes.
The third "amateur night", at the
Chutes will take place this evening, when
a number of non-professionals will make
their first appearance upon any stage.
These occasions are unique and many
budding geniuses were discovered on the
list two Thursdays.
FATHER OTIS WANTS
PUBLIC CO-OPERA^ON
WOULD FORCE VICE TO HIDE
ITS HEAD.
Movements and Whereabouts of
Fallen Women a Matter of Mo
ment to Those Who Would
Suppress Them by Law.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26, 1898.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: A line would
be suffliclent to dispose of the communication
published in to-day's Call from the writer who
advocates the localization of the perpetrators j
of a misdemeanor If we considered it in itself, ;
but for the sake of the question with which
It deals we shall give it a little more atten
tion. In the first place we '--ye never favored ;
the diffusion of the evil under discussion. We
have demanded, as we had a right to demand,
its extinction. Why, therefore, does the writer
unjustly represent us as having declared our
selves in favor of diffusing it? His own
declaration that, "If, then, the example of God
is to be followed," and we hope he does not
think it a bad example, "the evil complained
of in this city should be stamped out on the
spit where it has existed from time immemo
rial," meets with our hearty approval, though :
we cannot say that we indorse his disapproval ,
of the means employed by God in blotting out
the evil trorn Bodom and Gomorrah. It we had
consulted with him before writing that ill-ad
vised letter we might not have classed thieves
with fornicators and adulterers and the disso
lute. Unfortunately St. Paul made the same
?nlstake. and as we have familiarized ourselves
with his epistles we may be pardoned for ex
pressing ourselves in a similar way. AYe are
grateful for the information that there was but
tine temple in Jerusalem, but we did not think
Jerusalem embraced Samaria, and besides our
divine Lord would peem more uncharitable if
he had lashed the thieves out o: the temple
and there was no other temple for them to go
to. St. Matthew spoke of "buying and selling
in the temple." If he had only used the word
"precincts" we doubtless would have copied
him, and our critic would not have had to men
tion the important distinction.
He says, "I refuse to believe that some of
the statements connected therewith have come
l'rom any clergyman." I take this opportunity
of assuring him that it is true "some of these
Htatements" did come from a clergyman and
he may no longer refuse to believe.
But, Mr. Editor, there are one or two state
ments In his letter that are worthy of serious j
consideration. 1 shall confine my remarks to ;
them. He says that he "had incontrovertible j
proof* that a movement was on foot to remove !
many of the fallen women from that area and
j 'lump them at our doors." I ask him In the
I name of the respectable citizens of the city of
San Francisco to furnish me with "incontro
vertible proofs" against the promoters of such
a scheme and I promise him that they will
' not be left free to attempt it again for some
■ time. No one can lawiuliy engage in such a
traffic. It is illegal. The Penal Code— sections
415 and 416 — makes it a misdemeanor, and it Is
unlawful to locate or impound a misdemeanor.
Because it is unlawful and a misdemeanor, it
Is the duty of every police officer of the State—
and I may add of every good citizen— to en
deavor to suppress tt.
To "impound" that which is immoral and
| unlawful— even if it could be done— would be to
j hold it up before our "virtuous mothers and
I maidens" and say that our city fathers, our
| local lawmakers, our local police officers, yea,
■ even our fathers and mothers, approved of the
vice, at least. In this limited way. But the
Legislature In its wisdom has made such a ;
thing impossible, and we are thankful that it i
has. If we admit that it is a necessity there i
is no argument for the virtue or the morality j
of man. Our monasteries, our convents, our i
colleges, our very homes, would be but store
houses of shame, society would be a mockery
and man would be no better than the ordinary
brute: animal passion would dominate reason,
marriage would be a farce and Christ a
failure.
These women are free, and because they are
free they are under no restraint except the
common law to which we are ail subject. They
can po and come as they please, they can live
as they pleaue. they can do as they please, pro
vided they do not violate the law. They are
not polleemtn, they are not soldiers, they are
not employes of ihe city, hence they are In no
way subject to the orders of our local legisla
ture as to their abode. If you attempt to set
apart a place for fallen women to carry on
their nefarious practices. It is but to extend
an Invitation to such women to come frum all
parts of the State and elsewhere, not to abide,
but to make this place a center from which
to disseminate their immorality and to estab
lish in our midst a veritable hell of all that
la vile and destructive of the morals of the
city. We do. Indeed, agree- with the writer
when he says "the evil complained of In this
city should be stamped out on the spot where
it has existed from time Immemorial."
Make these people behave themselvs a?
others do, and If the vice continues to exist, it
will not be because a public example 1b main
tained In the city.
The second statement, Mr. Editor, that
6trlkes ne as noteworthy in our critic's com
munication Is that he states he knows that
fallen women are in the neighborhood of Pine
and Dupont streets. He comes forward as a
witness and declares that such la the fact.
They are there. Does the Chief of Police
know It? If he does why are they permitted
t« defy the law. Does the law not prohibit
the crime or misdemeanor, if you prefer? If
he does not know It where is he? In either
case is he doing his duty? Again we declare
that the Chief of Police is responsible for their
presence. And we ask the press of the city
to Join with us In forcing him to act or in get
ting him replaced by a Chief who will. He did
much when he was upheld by the senjtlment of
the community and we were grateful to him.
He seems to fear to act again. Why, we do
not know. He has left us to commence pro
ceedings and we have been forced to gather
evidence that will secure conviction in court,
fin last Monday an ordinance was Introduced
to closfe these resorts. Heretofore most of the
Supervisors have come forward In defense of
virtue and we have no reason to think that
any one will be able to "cajole" or "coerce"
them Into receding from the position that they
have taken. Yours gratefully.
M. OTIS, C. S. P.
Warrant for Miss Thropp.
Attorney Eugene Deuprey yesterday
morning swore out a warrant for the ar
rest of Miss Clara Thropp, the missing
star of the Comedy Theater. The war
rant charges Miss Thropp with embez
zling $500 from Manager Leavitt. The
money was loaned her. it is said, in order
that she might bring her company to this
city. As in paying the traveling expenses
of her troupe she acted as Leavitt's
agent, her failure to restore him the
money advanced is viewed as embezzle
ment.
The Peddiers' Protective Association
held an enthusiastic meeting Monday
evening and indorsed candidates on both
the State and municipal tickets..
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WKERcX /&£ £\ \ INTOX"
FAIL m j^K^3MlMte-Tfc3^ >xiw*ni
M) earth ; excuse for women !
TO BE AFFLICTED WITH POOR* COM-
PLEXIONS WITH THIS INCOMPARABLE
LIQUID MALT FOOD AT THEIR BECK AND*
CALL. • »'- -
POOR COMPLEXIONS. CAUSED BY THIN,
STARVED BLOOD AND FAULTY DIOESTIOJf. '
ARE SWEPT AWAY BY THE MAOIC TOUCH
OF MALT-VIVINE.
IT PRODUCES RICH. PURS BLOOD. OOOD
. DIGESTION AND IN CONSEQUENCE A CLBAB,
HEALTHY COMPLEXION.
ALL OKUCGISTS.
VAL.BLATZ BREWING CO.
M I LWAU KEE.U SA.
. - Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale -
. Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco* : ->
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
« to r»» Full Set of Teeth '
i&brt I &A. : extracting free s5 00 op
*^^£nJaGL££z Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
cT 4 """^^£<jCr V Fillings - - - 25cts. up
r-tfl Open Evenings & SundaTS
E^3^P^C^ VAN VROOM
mST Electro Dental Parlors
«0 Ir^V Sixth and Market
. Dr. G- W. Kleiser, Prop* ■
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD "j USE i DAMIANA - BITTERS. THB
"*^ . treat ' Mexican remedy ; : fives health ? and
strength. to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
T^iirrg^ 1 1 iwn ftiiwHwuMif nAwfti^wwirTMni win7iiiiT'r»rm"iMiiwiii>i€»wr
AD V EBTISEMENTS.
SIOK ISEAOIiOIiI
Positively cured by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Eowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dosq,
Small Price.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 189$.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to- wit: "■
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: .
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for it .for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for tne
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such indebtedness as , It falls
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same: provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the . unpaid claims | with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during .the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo. In Soiano County, may pay Its. exist-
ing Indebtedness incurred In the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void. '-
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of. the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven -thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section "H. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive tody of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of - such
county at a general or special election, and if
a majority of. such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
Dower of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
oroved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act. and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government .act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
rovernment act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one m the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of. the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
■mended at intervals of net less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
ouftilfled electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
th* qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
oresented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Ct er shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the term* for
whlch'the several township and county officers
other than Judge? of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
■ueh deputies, for the manner In which,- me
times in' which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
Sleeted or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
Such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted: and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid the direction of -sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
„>. .vßtem of county governments throughout
?he State and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Raid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters Weinabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not he
subject to any law or amendment. enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted t 0 Ur the electors and ratified in ■ the
manner herelnabove set forth. ;
-4' *•: AMENDMENT NUMBER . THREE.
(Being Senate' Constitutional Amendment No.
a ■ resolution proposing to the people of the
Rtate of California an amendment: to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organisation of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
♦ inn to read as follows: ■: -. - . • --■ ■■ ;
"section 5H- The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular, terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all ' claims of every ; kind
and •- character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
its' Judgment thereon shall be final. .' The terms
of ■, the . Court of Claims shall ; be , held as ; fol-
lows:
In the < City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March; :-.-■■■ ■.--:. l _.-■*
: In the City >■ and; County /of San -. Francisco,
commencing son ; the ; second . Monday in July,
and-""- ■ :;."■ - •... -' ■- s •■*•;•' r ' ■- ■:.':, - •"■.-.:.- '■ ■ : ,
In the - City of Sacramento, commencing on -
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
£* —OF—
Trotting Bred Roadster and Draft
Animals— Mares and Gildings—
BY MONACO, WILD BOY. HART. BOSWELL.
ALBANY EROS. ETC.,
Property of
ALICE J. VIOGET. PHOEBE F. JOHNSON,
K. GRADY. ESQ. J. NAGLEE
BURK. ESQ.,
To Be Sold
Thursday, Oct. 27, 1898,
At IX a. m..
At Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness A?e. and Market &
Horses at yard Monday, October 24, ISSB.
Catalogues now ready.
KILLIP & CO.. :
Livestock Auctioneers,
' 11 Montgomery St.. San Franctsco. "■
/^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fL^s^'w 625 KEARKT ST. Kstabllshed
£j*?r^£a» lr > 1854 tor the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62OKEARNTKT. Established
in 1854 lor the treatment ol i'rivate
Diseases, LostManhcxKl. Debility or
raffiS^k disease wearing on body ami mind ar.d
2\<rr3pLijr.r ? 4 Skin Diseases. Thedoctoreim>sv.-hen
J^fti-Jl^i others fail. Try him. Charges low.
?S?2f**v*^*& Curp»sr»ii»rwnl«>«"il. Callcrwrlte.
Or. J. j.«. UIBBO.V Box 1937. Sau Francisco.
Weei:iy rCall,sl.sor Call,$1.50 per Year
™. co ° d Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
recede no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to oe paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature .-hall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provision*
v* tills section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th*
»m,^i° Call £° fnla an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th*
said proposed new section to read as follows:
B . ec ion 51/ - The provisions of sections lour
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city %nd county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
Eection seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No.. 36.)
A resolution , to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment of section
Hi teen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows: .
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In th*
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for tha
residue of the term, or until the disability sha-i
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor ba
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when,
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER 6IX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the Stats
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: >
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such,
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, • but the entire revenue derived from,
the State school fund and the State school tax
: shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
1 schools shall include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, la
which a course of study shall he taught whlcli
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER . SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
I No. 34.) - ; .:, c-
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
Is proposed to amend said section to read aa
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature;
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian oa
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,'
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty-
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, ■ the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall bo
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five -I«y«, wad
no bill shall be introduced \a tttliet nous* ex-
cept at the first twenty-fi«"e days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of tha
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th-»
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the subnMsion of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of th»
State of California, to the qualified electors for*
their approval," approved March 7. A. D. 18S3.
the above-described proposed amendments ara
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of tha
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on " _.*
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1838.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express hi* .
choice as provided by law: . .
Amendment Number One. being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea.
of Vallejo for the construction of its — — .
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
. incurred). .. fr*"* - -•
For the Amendment? '■.*'■ ■;.--;;. l :
Amendment Number .Two. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 T*»
(providing for framing local county- .
" government acts by - inhabitants of Na
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? , :'.'.. c V-.V-
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of; a
Court of Claims to , determine claims Tea
against the State.- and to consist of ——.
three Superior Judges designated by Na
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation). . ■
For the Amendment?. L
Amendment Number Four, being As- f
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 ' (exempting consolidated cities Yea
and counties, organized or to be or- .
ganized. or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation " In relation •to counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment • Number : Five, being as- ';;
sembly Constitutional .- . . Amendment
I No. 86 (relating to office of Governor, . Tea
providing for succession thereto in - .
. certain cases and removing disability No
• of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term). _ j ;-';«; -' ;« ■ '
For. the Amendment?.
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- f •
bly Constitutional Amendment No. is Tea
' (relating to and defining Grammar - .
Schools). ■->- ~- ■■.< -.■■-..-... , - . Na
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As- '
-*: sembly Constitutional Amendment
■ No." 34 (providing for adjournment of  Ye*
,; Legislature ; for not less than thirty- .
nor more than sixty days during each • Na
'■ session). \
For the Amendment? -^ , />
Witness my hand and the Great Sea] of the
State -of California, the day and year herela-
first above written. »> ■■•- ■ ■'■■>. ' : . ,
, - JAMES H. BUDD. Governor. -
'AttMt: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of Sttik.
[SEAL.I - • .
1112
PUBLICOLA ON CAMPAIGN ISSUES.
Good Reasons Why Honest and Intelligent Democrats
Should Oppose Maguire and Plielan.
San Francisco, Oct. 19, 1898.
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call: The Call differs from some of
Its contemporaries. It does not force
its correspondents into absolute iden
tity with its own opinions. It actually
does tolerate among them some inde
pendence of thought and expression.
Tested by the standard of progressive
modern journalism, that carries weight
and influence and helps to form public
opinion, this tolerance is wise; but,
tested by the standards of sensational
ism, which exists chiefly for the grati
fication of vkiousness, it is a mistake.
A coward admires a bully who beats
a woman or a stripling, juet as a brute
adores a coarse sensualist, to whom ap
petite is the only god, and filthy no
toriety the sole equivalent for charac
ter.
Therefore, under the maxim "noscitur
a sociis," I must conclude that The Call
is right, and has a constituency that
really possesses manhood and is able
to comprehend American citizenship.
Inspired by this reliection, 1 request
you to allow me a little more space to
express my views of Jeffersonian De
mocracy, as related to the present can
vass, both State and municipal. I
have already had my say about the
platform of the late Democratic State
ention. I wish now to deal rather
more fully with the welded platforms
upon which Mr. Maguire and ihe re
ider of the fusion ticket havt been
nominated.
It must be conceded that a great
many citizens, who at least believe
themselves to be Democrats and to be
long to a political organization which
is within the constitution, which has
had definite views of constitutional in
terpretation, and which has a record
that largely enters into the history of
the country, will not vote for Mr. Ma
guire and his associates, and that
many of them, although they do not
believe in imperialism or in protection,
will vote for the Republican ticket.
These men are thinkers and readers,
with a strong inclination to support
party discipline, and they are not of
flce holders' or candidates. Therefore
they must have strong reasons for their
revolt against fusion. Let me briefly
explain what some of these reasons
are.
These Democrats wish to have a
Democratic candidate for the Presi
dency in 1900, and they are convinced,
referring particularly now to this
Stale, that, if the fusion ticket prevails,
the last page of Democratic success will
have been written. Apart from minor
ions, upon which ihe platforms
of all parties are virtually in harmony,
they are unable to discover a single
feature of true American Democracy in
the platform adopted by the late Dem
ocratic State Convention, and both
there and in the platform of the Pop
ulists they find revolutionary doctrines,
equally opposed to Democracy and to
Americanism. As I ventured to pre
dict in a former communication to The
Call, with ali its defects, they discover
more Democracy in the Republican
platform than has been offered to them
by the gentlemen who have assumed
the rig-ht to speak for the Democratic
party of the Union.
These Democrats refused to accept
the Chicago platform of 1*96 and the
candidacy of Mr. Bryan because in
their deliberate judgment both con
llicted with the fundamental doctrines
of American Democracy. They now ob
serve that the Chicago platform has
been formally re-enacted in this State
and therefore association with the
sound money Democrats of 1596 in
terms repudiated. They receive this
challenge with serenity and without a
quiver in their convictions. As Federal
Senators and Congressmen are to be
elected they consider the reiteration of
the declaration in favor of the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of sixteen
to one as an attempt to perpetuate a
national issue which would exclude
them from all participation in the party
to which they have been so long at
tached. The determined effort to sub
stitute cheap money in the form of sil
ver at double its bullion value for the
standard which has always been here
tofore enforced, to drive out gold, to re
duce wages, to confiscate indebtedness
and to increase the expense of living
the Democrats of whom I speak regard
as a breach of constitutional obligation
and a treacherous attack upon the
Democratic party and especially upon
this State, which, through its specific
contract law and the constant practice
of its people, is at the head of all hard
money communities. When to this Is
added a proposal to flood the country
with an irredeemable paper currency
under the absurd notion that value can
be created by legislation and this, too,
after the practical experience of the
civil war, the exasperated patriotism
of these Democrats will endure no
longer. They will never consent that
their country, through parties that
either do not comprehend or have aban
doned its institutions, shall be placed
upon even a lower footing among na
tions than Mexico, China and those
Central and South American States
which starve at home and buy gold at
an enormftis premium to pay their for
eign indebtedness.
But free silver is only one of the
anti-Democratic and anti-American
phases of the platforms which Mr. Ma
guire and his associates have indorsed.
The Initiative, the referendum and di
rect legislation are all expressions of
the desire to substitute the rule of an
irregular majority for the American
system, which secures both liberty and
order, under the supremacy of funda
mental principles and of established
law. The attacks upon the judiciary
are obnoxious to every citizen who was
trained In the school of conservative
Democracy and taught that the legis
lative department should make or
amend the law, that the judicial de
partment should declare it and that the
executive department should enforce it.
Government ownership of railroads and
acquisition of public utilities are a
mode of centralization and of enor
mously complicating the functions of
government and the opportunities for
corruption, which no Jeffersonian Dem
ocrat would even have been asked to
sanction until within the last few
years. The election of United States
Senators by the people in and of itself
would effect a revolution in our sys
tem and would be in line with the other
patent expedients through which
American Democracy has been invaded.
These are broad outlines of the neces
sity under which Jeffersonian Demo
crats of the type I recognize are liter
ally forced to antagonize the fusion
ticket, and, many of them at least, to
accept the Republican nominees. There
are two or three of these assaults upon
Democracy and Americanism, however,
to which a closer attention may be
beneficially paid.
Notably the referendum, the initia
tive and direct legislation are most
dangerous and even malignant inva
sions of the constitution. The British
Parliament is said to reach the ex
treme limit of power in a legislative
body and to respond quickly to popular
sentiment. But it Is only part of a
system, of which the crown is the cen
tral figure, and it is hedged in by an
unwritten constitution, established by
■statutes and by precedents, and also by
the traditions and the hereditary class
distinctions that exist among the Brit
ish people. Mr. Magulre and his asso
ciates, entirely departing from the prin
ciples of American Democracy, propose
in effect to concentrate authority in the
legislative department, and to place
that department under the direct su
pervision of what they term the peo
ple, acting through majorities. This is
an obliteration of the essential elements
of our American system of government
as declared by the courts and as con 1
strued and interpreted for nearly a
hundred years by the Democratic
party. The platform of the Populists,
which Maguire has accepted, and
which, so to speak, endeavors to hold
Itself in, so as to avoid the revelation
of the full purposes of Populistic lead
ers, is, nevertheless, incarnate Jacob
inism. A man who had suggested its
leading features in 1787 would have
been drummed out of the convention
that framed our Federal constitution.
Even the convention which formed the
present constitution of this State, crude,
entangled, cumbersome and detailed us
it is. would hardly have listened re
spectfully to men who would destroy
individualism and individual rights by
the sheer weight of numbers, and to
whom the very conception of property
in land, the most fertile source of pros
perity among the mass of the American
people, is revolting.
The genuine labor organizations of
the United States have never contem
plated, and would be among the last
to tolerate, so odious a revolution, which
would uproot our liberty and our or
der. And, while it is true that social
ism. \\ hieh is an importation from Eu
rope, is not in its principles, or as
taught by many of its leaders, directly
incendiary, and that it does not include
violence among its methods or as pai t
of its philosophy, it is also true that
disappointed socialists are easily con
verted into anarchists, and that the
most rabid advocates of the leading
ideas incorporated into the platform of
the Populists, and at least shadowed in
the platform which is labeled Demo
cratic in this State, are the men who
sympathized with the Haymarket out
rage in Chicago, or who as sandlotters
burned houses and threatened to burn
steamships in San Francisco. It would
be false, in my opinion, even to inti
mate that the body of Populists in Cali
fornia or elsewhere, or those of the
Democratic or Republican parties who
have betn touched by these proposed
innovations upon the constitution, are
intentionally or consciously opposed to
law or order, or that they intend to es
tablish their doctrines by force; but,
from my standpoint, it is perfectly cor
rect to urge that those doctrines are
antagonistic to the leading and most
vital principles of Americanism, and
that they represent the acrid discon
tent and attract the sympathy of the
uneducated and untrained elements of
population which have disturbed the
public peace, from Watt Tyler's
mob to Coxey's army. The very
genius of Americanism is the
perfected individual, capable of
being a law to himself, and, as
Herbert Spencer has demonstrated, this
is to be the highest product cf civiliza
tion, and the straining effort of ail mal
contents, of every sort, the common tie
which binds them together, is the ob
literation of individualism, which is the
converging point of every feature of cur
institutions that is distinctively Amer
ican and proclaims the inherent sov
ereignty of disciplined and self-poised
man, "vital in every part," coeval with
the origin of the race, surviving all the
catastrophes of history, and indissol
ubly linking the creature with the Cre
ator. The despotism of majorities, the
f.^sence of this attempted renaissance
of the French revolution, is the near
est approach to brute force and the
furthest remove from American consti
tutional liberty and order of which
modern development will admit.
The efforts which are daily made to
attract loose and thoughtless citizens to
the disconnected conglomeration of In
definite theories which is represented
by the fusion ticket would be amusing
if they were not so mischievous. It is
said that mistakes were made in the
conduct of the late war and some, like
myself, think the war itself was a mis
take, though it has poured glory on our
flag and intlamed the popular heart
with enthusiasm for conquest. But let
the mistakes be granted— is that a rea
son why Mr. Maguire should be elected
Governor of California? It is said that
the financial expedients adopted to de
fray the cost of the war were blunders.
Well! does it logically follow that Mr.
Maguire should win in the present can
vass? It is said that the railroad debt
should not have been treated as a mat
ter to be settled without litigation even
though Senator Morgan and Senator
White acquiesced and Congressman
Barham secured an additional guar
anty for foreclosure if the settlement
be not effected within a year. Well! is
that a reason for the election of Mr.
Maguire? The non-sequltur, or the ab
sepce of any connection between pre
mise and conclusion, was the main
characteristic of Mr. Bryan's -campaign
in 1896. It has been quadruplicated
this year until reason has almost been
scattered to th_> winds.
The single tax is pure confiscation
and a deception upon its face. Land
itself does not pay taxes, but it is the
basis upon which taxes are partly as
sessed and the money comes from the
rent. The single tax would transfer
the rent to the State, and with that
transfer private ownership would cease
in substance, and indeed virtually in
form. If this is not pure confiscation,
concentrating public burdens upon a
class, which includes farmers, horti
culturists and miners in the country
and a large number of landlords in
cities, and exempting from the public
burdens rich men, corporations and the
holders of personal estate and of im
provements on land, who could best af
ford to pay taxes, I would like Mr.
Maguire or some one else to explain
what It is. All the disquisitions upon
"unearned increment" and the other
cobweb arguments with which the State
has been flooded are destroyed by a
single fact, which every man whose
earnings are invested in land can see
as plainly as the nose on a human face.
It is said that the single tax is not an
issue. How can Mr. Maguire, candi
date for Governor, be separated from
Mr. Maguire's individuality, of which
the single tax is an incorporate part?
But the single tax, though not avowed,
is in the platforms. It is in the refer
endum. It is in the initiative. It is In
the local option proposition for munici
palities. And, while nominally dis
claimed, it has been persistently advo
cated since the fusion ticket was com
pleted, both orally and in writing. If
the constitution were or could be
amended so as to vest irresponsible
pow r er, without appeal, in a bare ma
jority, would not that cover the single
tax? I think the thousands of honest
citizens, who, through hard labor and
economy, have appeased, in America,
the "land hunger" which they con
tracted in Ireland or Germany or other
parts of Europe, will think twice before
they conclude that Mr. Maguire and the
single tax can be divorced or even tem
porarily separated.
These, however, shortly expressed,
are good and sufficient reasons for the
refusal of Jeffersonlan Demc-crats, of
whom I happen to h« one,
to vote for the fusion ticket, so far as
State officers are concerned. Hut when
we consider the municipal situation the
case is no better. The Democratic mu
nicipal ticket is weighed down by all
the eccentricities of the State platforms
to which I have adverted and possesses
special demerits of its own. The des
potism of the Democratic State conven
tion in depriving San Francisco of all
Democratic representation in that body
has been underscored by the proceed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1898.
ings in the selection of municipal can
didates. There has been no expression
of opinion by our local Democracy, un
less all power and all authority have
been delegated to Mr. Phelan and the
few men with whom he consults. I
have no disrespect for Mr. Phelan in
dividually, but his ideas of Democracy
and mine are as far apart as the poles,
and, on public grounds, I see vital ab
jections to the success of his personal
candidacy.
There is need in San Francisco for a
! higher standard of municipal govern
; ment. We have had a succession^ of
i bosses, with whom salaries at the City
Hall have been divided, ana by whom
young men. In order to gain a subsist
, ence fro-m the public service, have been
1 driven to the extremity of degradation,
i The field in which the taxpayer labors
! has been harvested and gleaned for the
benefit of a set of ignorant and licen
tious politicians, who would be con
temptuously driven from any business
enterprise which they undertook to
usurp and manage, until the descrip
tion of the prophet has almost become
locally applicable: "That which the
palm worm hath left hath the locust
i eaten, and that which the locust hath
I left hath the canker worm eaten, and
that which the canker worm hath left
hath the caterpillar eaten."
It is now proposed, as a remedy, to
i substitute for this regime a new form
of local despotism— that of a wealthy
and ambitious Caesar, in whom all po
litical intelligence and virtue are as
sumed to be concentrated, and from
whom, therefore, all calls to office or
station should emanate. But both the
principle and the special application of
the principle are unsound and un-
American.
Mr. Phelan supports Mr. J. G. Ma
1 quire and the platforms on which the
i fusion ticket has been placed. Ttere
' fore this gentleman, who desires to re
■ tain the office of Mayor as a way sta
! tion to another destination, and who in
! that office would represent the substan
tial property-owners and business men
; of San Francisco, necessarily stands, if
not in his individual convictions, at all
; events by his formal indorsement, for
, the referendum, the initiative, the own
: ership of public utilities, including rail
; roads, by the Government, free silver
i at sixteen to one and the single tax, at
: least to the extent that it is covered by
i proposed amendments to the constitu
tion which Mr. Maguire and the fusion
ticket are pledged to support. In the
situation, as Mr. Phelan himself has
■ made it, how can he fairly escape from
i this dilemma? Mr. Maguire has ac
| cepted all these innovations upon the
i principles of the Democratic party and
I upon constitutional rights, as inter
! preted by all national parties, and Mr.
! Phelan has accepted Mr. Maguire and
become his champion on the stump. I
do not believe that it would be just to
say that, in his heart and in his mind,
he can indorse the anti-Democratic the
ory of government by tyrannical ma
jorities, which would tear up the roots
of our system, Federal and State. But
this concession makes the case so much
the worse for Mr. Phelan, because he
has allowed himself to be placed before
the people as a champion of the fusion
ticket, and especially of its head. If
Mr. Maguire should be defeated why
should Mr. Phelan be elected? What
honest answer can be made to this
question except that if one should fall
the other should fall with him?
And this is not all. It is a great mis
fortune to any commercial city to have
for its chief magistrate a man to whom
the honor is merely a stepping-stone
for ambition, and whose eyes are cen
tered, not on the plain duties that lie
about his feet, but upon a distant sta
tion, which all his energy is bent to
reach. A high municipal office may be,
and sometimes ought to be, the means
■ uf conducting a man who has fulfilled
I its obligations with exceptional ability
i and fidelity to a loftier sphere of action.
i But when a public officer substitutes
j his own will for the call of his fellow
i citizens and seeks to trample upon all
obstacles and crush others out through
' the opportunities which his office gives
: him, and thus force his way upward,
j then, in reality, that man must be and
jis a failure. He who does not wait for
j the summons, "Friend, go up hlgehr,"
but declares "I will go up higher," is
as obnoxious to the world as he is to
the gospel and is liable to find himself
in a lower room.
The "hefting" practice of Mr. Phelan
has been humorously treated in the
press. But innocent though he unques
tionably was of any design to neglect
his duty it proved a serious omission.
There was an incident in the history of
this municipality which ought to have
been a warning and to have been firmly
set In the minds of some of the gentle
men who gave Mr. Phelan his promi
nence in the Non-Partisan convention.
In 1874 a former Mayor of San Fran
cisco failed to count the money in the
city and county treasury, even by
"hefting," and his neglect almost cost
San Francisco a million and a half of
dollars. In connection with Judge Stan
ley and some other citizens, George K.
Fitch, the proprietor of the Bulletin
and part owner of The Call, through a
public meeting held at Plan's Hall,
saved that money. If It had been
counted it would never have been In
danger. If the law had been obeyed
by Mr. Phelan, and the count actually
made, Widber's defalcation might have
been averted.
I cannot of course speak for other
Democrats as to what they will do in
the municipal part of the election; but,
for my own part, looking solely to the
public good, I am as definitely in favor
of the election of Charles L. Patton as
I am opposed to the election of Mr. Ma
guire. I. have stated reasons which ap
pear to me to justify the defeat of Mr.
Phelan. I will state a few affirmative
reasons for the success of Mr. Patton.
He is a bright, energetic, thoroughly
honest man, native to our soil, and with
a sound professional and business train
ing. At all points he is Mr. Phelan's
peer. But he has special advantages
of his own. He is not a candidate for
Governor or for the United States Sen
ate. He is only an aspirant, at first re
luctantly, for the office of Mayor. He
has exhibited unusual executive ability,
the exact kind of ability needed in this
municipality; and, as Mayor, his mind
would a devoted to the discharge of
the duties and the fulfillment of the ob
ligations that would devolve upon him
in that capacity. He does not aspire to
a despotic leadership of his fellow citi
zens but would exercise intelligence
and firmness in the management of all
TWO SHADOWS OF
FAMILY SKELETONS
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Charles Fisher, son of a prosperous restaurant
keeper, is missing, and his father believes that his son could throw
considerable light on a recent burglary at his home at Eleventh and
Webster streets.
When about to leave his home recently, early in the morning. Fisher
senior found one of the doors opened. He blamed his nephew, Gabriel, for
being careless, but the nephew was certain he had locked the door, and
was also positive that $14 50 had been taken from his pockets while he was
asleep. An investigation showed that the lock had been picked with a
piece of wire, and now Detective Holland is hunting for the burglar. Mr.
Fisher reluctantly says that he believes his son, who does not live at
home, can explain everything.
Mrs. Alice Thomas, a young and handsome woman, spent to-day in the
City Prison at her husband's request. The Thomases live in San Fran
cisco, and the husband is very anxious to help. his wife break off the habit
of drinking. Their life is one of happiness and tranquillity except when
the mania for drink breaks out in the wife. Yesterday Mrs. Thomas
crossed the bay to indulge her taste for alcohol and was soon found over
here by her husband. He was forced to ask for her arrest, as she was in
toxicated, but after he had made arrangements to take her to a liquor
cure sanitarium she was released. The ca.se is a very pitiable one, and
the couple are much attached to each other.
details committed to his charge. He is
a man of fine presence and courteous
manners, but concise and decided in at
tending to business. He is of a social
nature, with striking elements of popu
larity, but he would not be a popular
ity seeker. He would not try to reward
friends or to punish foes in the distri
bution of patronage. On all public oc
casions he would fully exhibit the hos
pitality and the dignity of San Fran
cisco; but he would not live or pose for
the public eye. If his candle burned so
that its light could be seen, it would not
be because he held it up, but because of
his work, and its results. I know Mr.
Patton well, and to know him is to re
spect him; but, if it had depended on
himself, he would never have been a
candidate. The suggestion of his name
was a happy inspiration. If he should
be elected, I am confident that he will
actually count the money in the public
treasury and that none of it will be lost
through any omission on his part, lie
is a clear talker and a sound reasoner,
but not an orator or a rhetorician. Like
Mr. Gage, he is a man of action, atten
tive, systematic, and eager to reach the
pith of every matter by the shortest
route. Eloquent speakers have rarely
made good Governors or good Mayors.
Sovereigns have frequently gone to sleep
in their carriages while a stream of mu
nicipal rhetoric was pouring into their
ears. I have a shrewd notion that Mr.
Patton's addresses would be very short
and pointed, and that, as Mayor, he
would have as little time for long dis
quisitions or learned essays as the head
of one of our great commercial or man
ufacturing establishments.
Altogether I look upon him as the
man for the place, and, as he does not
stand for free silver at sixteen to on<s,
for the referendum, for the initiative,
or for the single tax and is not trying
to climb a greased political rope, I hope
he may be successful.
It is recorded in the New Testament
that on a certain occasion some of the
disciples of Christ objected to a per
son who was not of their company
casting out devils in his name but he
rebuked them by saying that "he that
is not against us is for us." If the Re
publicans consider themselves the se
lect body of the righteous there is a
good lesson for them in this passage in
their dealings with those Democrats
who, for the sake of true Democracy
and for their country, are helping in
this campaign to cast out the devils of
Populism and of socialized Democracy,
that is, the Democracy of Europe and
not of the United States. They should
not abuse Democrats of this consti
tutional stripe, but welcome and ap
preciate their aid, even though in 1900
the result should be the reorganization
of the Democratic party on its ancient
foundation.
As I have referred to the New Testa
ment, permit me to close with the sug
gestion that it may be said of the fusion
Democrats, "But they * * • have
transgressed the covenant," and of the
great Democratic party, so long as it
is victimized by unconstitutional ec
centricities, "Their heart is divided:
now shall they be found faulty."
PUBLICOLA.
A SPORTSMEN'S LEAGUE.
An Association Which Was Organ-
ized for the Protection of Clean
Sport.
A club known as the "California Sports
men's League" has been organized, and at
a meeting to be held this evening in Al
cazar building officers will be elected.
The club is non-politicai and its objects
are the protection and development of
such pastimes as hor.«e racing, coursing,
football, baseball, boxing and kindred
sports.
Although the club is yet in its Infancy,
it has a membership now of 4000 citizens,
who will endeavor to ascertain among
the candidates for oflice who of them are
opposed to sports and especially boxing
find horse racing. By-laws much of the
same nature as those of the London
(England) Sportsmen's Association will
govern the league. In London 163 mem
bers for Parliament who opposed boxing
as one of a series or sports mentioned
were defeated for office by the league
since its organization.
Advances made on furniture and plano», with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017- 1023 Million.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L L Myers. Illinois W W Turney, Campbell
It A Thomas. Illinois H Bock, I.,is Ang
C L Miller, San Juan I W Krauth, Sta Cruz
A R Alden &w, Or C McDougall &w, Cal
Miss M Schlaier. Sacto C C Case, Cal
H E Smith. Spokane G W Crystal, Vacavllle
E Holmes & w. Pi.rtld J Boeclefield. Colusa
H J Clarke, Petaluma A J Breen, Los Ang
"W W Anderson, Sacto IS J Filer, Bentcia
J E Kennedy, Gilroy J 11 KttcbeU, Willows
Mr & Mrs Sherwood, En ;L W Blum, Los AnK
J Brodie. Mill Valley E C Weinrelch, Sacto
T <; Mclmyre, Alamedßev A Simon, Sacto
H W N'tsbert, Cal 8 Robinson & w, Sacto
F A Helhurn &- w. Cal C M Woosf.er, Pan Jose
E Kennedy & w, Sacto J Flanigan, Reno
Miss d Robinson, Cal W H Hilton, Gin Ellen
A de Seur. Los Angeles C M Hutch: nson^Ls An
Mrs F Martin. S*b:istpl C M Kuhnert, Cal
P Q de Estollle. Summt W J Barlghen, N "W
• ' E Day, I,iiß Angeles H E Barber & w, Cal
W U Hudson & w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
R L Edwards. Portlad ,T B Peakes, S Cruz
A Engard, U S N H T Gase, Los Angeles
R W "Aiurlow. Austrlla A L Barber. N V
AI G Van Kirk. Austrl Mrs A L Barber. N V
Mr & Mrs McDonald. 0 P Perkins, Stanford
1 >etroit F L Orcath. Sacto
Mrs G Middleton 4 in, A R Whittles. Boston
Chicago Mise Whittles, Boston
W J Lynch. Ohio Mis* H E Whlttler.Bst
Mrs w"j Lynch. Ohio VV D Ridgely, N V
F XV Lewis. Ind Mrs G H Shapley.Kans
Mrs F \V Lewis, Ind J Dun. Boston
T Foley, St Paul Mrs XV Pevton. S Crua
Mrs T Foley, St Paul Miss Peyton, S Cruz
F Cavalll, NY E S Churchill, Napa
F H Short, Fresno B Marx. N V
Mrs F H Short. Fresno .Col A W Jones. Montry
H Silver, Los AnKeles|J W Clark, Ind
C B Rhodes, X V L M Townsend, Inyo
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W N Ketohum. Chgo |B Cosgrovp & w, Cal
M O'Brien, S Jose P D Lynch & w. Cal
W S'irell, S Jose J W O'Brien & w, Cal
E S Jon«s. S Jose H E Wadsworth, Pa
R Johnson. Presidio F J Murphy & w. Cal
W Jones, Seattle E B Plxley, S Cruz
C R Stewart, NY G H Stevenson & w,
TV E Wells, Mont Wash
C D Tucson, Or W Megarny, Vallejo
F J Mon, Or A G Brown, S Jose
W H Brow Visalia J R Clayton, L Ang
J C Martin, NY J B St Clair, L Ang
C H Smith. Boston S T Barlow, L Ang
Mrs I M Prangley. Cal J C Davis, Chicago
W H Clark, Stockton J C Scott, Chicago
C J de Goode, NY D N Atwater, N V
P H Jacobs, Ohio | L N Cross, Brooklyn
Miss A Malpas, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Harrington, Sacto W Hart, Visalia
P F Small. Ixis Banos O Malm & w, Vallejo
J D Jansen, S Mateo Mlbs C Long, Chlco
P M McDonald. Cal J D Cramer, Eureka
J L Brown. Oroville P L Chrlstenson. Nev
C Morton, Riverside D Foley, N V
Miss J Morton, S3 Jose J C Maxwell. N V
Mrs B Reed. Stockton F Roberts. Baltimore
G Haag, S D J D Ward. L Ang
F 8 Limberlake. B C P Elmer, L Ang
CLEVER PUGILISTS MATCHED.
Lavigne and Tracey Will Fight in
the Middle of November in
This City.
After meeting three times "Kid" La
vigne and Tom Tracey have finally agreed
upon fighting terms. Last evening Billy
Lavigne, on behalf of his brother, and
Al Smith, acting for Tracey, met the
directors of the National Athletic
Club. After considerable discussion
Lavigne agreed that the winner of
the proposed fight shall take 60 per cent
of the gross receipts and the loser /»
per cent. The date of the fight was fixed
for November 18 at Woodward's Pavilion.
The referee must be selected by ttie
contestants twenty-four hours before tne
contest, and should they fail to agree
upon any one person, the club will name
a referee. It is also stipulated In the
articles that the fighters must weigh 14
pounds at the ringside, and whichever
man breaks this contract must forfeit do
per cent of the 60 per cent they will bat
tle for. The club will select training quar
ters for the fighters, and a physician will
be engaged to visit the contestants occa
sionally and report their condition to the
club.
The contest should be one of the most
interesting affairs of the kind ever wit
nessed In this city, as both Tracey and
Lavigne are thorough masters of the
game.
"The Dead Body," by H. G. Wells,
author of • The War of the Worlds,"
in next Sunday's Call.
€AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock-every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES—S27 Montgomery street,
corner. Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock. .
387 Hayes st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
FUNERAL Notice — California Com- -f._
mandery No. 1, K. Officers and \£Bp
members are hereby notified to assem- tgg
ble in the asylum THIS DAY(THURS- W5
DAY), at 1 o'clock p. m., for the pur- "»
pose of attending the funeral of our deceased
frater, SIR WILLIAM EDE. By order of
SIR W H. F. TITUS, Acting Commander.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. •
Officers and members are requested to #^_
attend the funeral of our late brother, J&^
WILLIAM EDE, from the Mission Ma- / W,n
sonic Temple TO-DAY (THURSDAY), at 1:30
o'clock p. m. By order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary-
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _/V_
EVENING, October 27, at 7:30 o'clock. l£>\
Third degree. By order of the Master. ' >
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. a
212. F. and A. M., meets THIS EVEN-,JV_
ING at 7:30 o'clock for. third degree. /t^\
Master Masons cordially Invited. By / >
order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
WESTERN Addition Lodge No. 285,--,^^{^,
I. O. O. F., will have Initiation on ■=§5555E2§=
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, ~s§£2»§S?
Oct. 27. Visiting brothers are cor- **Hf*
■ dially Invited to attend.
J. S. SCHEEL, N. G.
WILLIAM F. LEE. Financial Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 61, K. of P.. will .*£
confer the Knight Rank (long form) ifcJ^St
on one esquire on THURSDAY 325cv»r
EVENING, Oct. 27, at Pythian Cas- "tSabd
tie, 909 Market st. All Knights are cordially
invited to attend.
I. V. SCHOFIELD. C. C.
S. W. GATES. K. of R. and S.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v-Ov
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- % fMtfJ
ING. Fraternity Hall, 32 O'Farrell '«*X&*
St., at 8 o'clock. *W*
W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Excelsior, Mining Company,
in the Excelsior' mine,, at Lowell Hill, Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings In the North
Fork of Steep Hollow; from Toy K«e, In the
Fair Play mine, near Scales, Sierra County,
to deposit tailings in Fair Play ravine; from
S. F. Bullard and A. M. Gray, in the Gravel
Hill or McCutchean placer . mine, - near Ne-
vada City, Nevada County, to deposit tall-
ings in Little Deer Creek; and from Elmore
Rutherford, In the Plumas Bonanza gravel
mine, near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to
deposit tailings in Sherman ravine, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on No-
vember 7. IS9B. at 1:30 p. m.
' DIVIDEND NOTICES., ;
DIVIDEND No. 86 of the Oceanic Steamship
Company (fifty cents . er share) will be pay-
able at the office of the company. 3*7 Mar-
ket St., on and after, Tuesday, November 1.
1898. Transfer books will close on Wednes-
day, October 26. IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
: E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD^tenantT^eJected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5680.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical , art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght «t,
SITUATIONS "WANTED—FEMALE.
A COMPETENT colored cook desires situation;
best reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325.Sutter st.
NEAT Danish girl desires situation at house-
work; good cook; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress and cham-
bermaid desires situation; best references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl • desires situation as nurse
or second girl or housework, $10 to $15; ref-
erences. . MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl, also first-class Ger-
man cook, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. .
FIRST-CLASS restaurant or boarding house
cook or would go out by the day washing
or ironing or housecleaning. Please call or
address MRS. M. M., 246 Fourth st.; rm. 4.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation in pri-
vate family; first-class cook, laundress; has
city references; city or short distance country.
206 Fifth at., . near Howard. -
STRONG woman; first-class cleaner on carpets
or any' kind of work; is a fine laundress; car
fare paid; greatly in need of work. 276 Jessie
St., room 2, downstairs. ;
POSITION of trust, a housekeeper or nurse;
willing to sew; stating where I can call No-
vember 1. Address San Mateo Cyclery, San
, Mateo. , 4■4 ■. ■ ..■■■■, ... '
WANTED—Copying to do by a good penman;
also good seamstress; by the day, $1' and din-
' ncr; no objection to country. J. WILLIAMS,
733 Pine st.
COLORED woman wishes work by the day,
. week or month: any kind of work. 12 Auburn
St., between Pacific and Jackson, ; Mason and
Taylor.
NEAT elderly woman desires work; has long
experience caring for children, cooking and
washing; capable of doing entire work of
small family; small salary. Box 1339, Call. >
A RELIABLE'young girl wishes a situation to
take care of children and do sewing, or will
do light housework. Call at 309 Minna St..
near Fourth. • ''.-./■■ ■■ '■■'■'.■■
FRENCH young lady wishes to do second work
and sewing every. forenoon in exchange for
'-' her room and board. Address box 1351, Call.
RESPECTABLE, accomplished young lady,
wishes position as housekeeper; city or coun-
. try. •; Address .856 \ Mission st. ; references.
COMPETENT , dressmaker; wishes a permanent
situation as seamstress by the month. . Apply
at 1113% Howard St., ; near Seventh. ■'';>.■-■;
LADY going East early In November will take
charge of . invalid or children t for small con-
sideration. . Box 1357, Call of flee.
SITUATION wanted to. do general housework
by a competent person every day except Sat-
urday.; , Box 1165. ' Call office.; :' ,>y *:'
8 COMPETENT twedlsh girls wish to do gen-
eral housework:' good cooks; good references;
wages $25. 513 McAllister st. ...vu;; '
SITUATION wanted. by first-class cook; can. do
I French cooking; . best iof references; Scotch.
Box 1354. Call office. ' ;',■-:
ELDERLY lady wishes a situation; light house-
work: city or country; small wages. ' Address
646 Mission st. " -:-.•-. ■ ■:■"•": ■"•" .-•'-..■
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist in house-
■ work. ;: 706 Hampshire st., bet. 19th ' and 20th.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes > place for v Mon-
;; days; best city reference." Address 88 Converse.'
YOUNG Eastern girl. wants : kitchen or cham-
ber work. Box 1353. Call office. :.--.
YOUNG ' girl of 17 : would ' like place as nuree-
i " girl;; $10. 7 910 Bhotwell'gt.' ;- ■?--:"■
GERMAN - girl' wishes ■ position "at * housework
and cooking or upstairs work. 2048 ■ Mission.-
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued^
RESPECTABLE young girl. . 17. ; to , a . ln
light housework and mind baby. re
COMPETENT cook~wl_hes ; situation »"_?»•»_
vate family; would do general . housewom . in
small family. . Call 227 Hayes at. - - .
COMPETENT maid "and seamstress, can cut
and fit. would like a situation^ in a private
family; good reference. Box 1368. Call omce.
RESPECTABLE French girl, speaking good
French, good sewer, would like a position in
good family. Address 511 Hyde st.
FRENCH girl would like position as chamber-
maid; will take care of children. , 230 Mont-
gomery aye., Hotel Labethe.
SITUATION wanted as cook; hotel boarding
house or private family; thoroughly; compet-
ent. Address box 619. Call.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wants, position ;
city or country; wages $30. 142 Eighth st.
NEAT woman desires light or pneral ho " a «-
work; wages $10 to $15. Market, nr. 7th.
AT the German Employment Office MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.; tel. Main 6332.
help of all nationalities. '■ -
SWEDISH girl with experience wishes to do
general housework. Call 1825 Stockton st.
2 RESPECTABLE girls wish situations do
chamberwork- or second work. Please ■ call
at 634 Howard st. '
BY a lady from Canada, situation as house-
keeper or caretaker for an aged couple or
family of small children; city references.
Address MRS. TWEEDIE. 2414 Hyde at.
SITUATIONS WANTED— JUALE.
6ITUATIONS wanted by cooks, waiters. _ car-
penters, blacksmiths and others, See J. a.
• CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. ■
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help: GEO. A OKI. 30 Geary, tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. O'Farrell at.; tel. East 42«- _
POSITION . wanted - Stationary engineer. 8
years' experience in large shops around Chi-
cago; am also steamfltter. Address L. W.
BAKER. 707 Minna at.
YOUNG man 19 years of age wants a P 081 " 0 . 0
where he can work in the evening for his
board and lodging. Box 1347, Call.
SALESMAN with highest references wishes to
travel for house on commission; 16 years, ex- ,
perience. Box 1352, Call. '
COOK of many years experience in this city
wishes situation. Box 1356,- Call. ___•
INTELLIGENT, young. . strong Swiss, speak-
ing German and English, wishes a position
in a private family, hotel, lodging house or
saloon; Is willing to do any kind of work.
Call or address A. T., 5122 Mission road.
GARDENER of large experience and with first-
class references, wife No. 1 housekeeper, but-
ter-maker, etc., seeks engagement; fully cap-
able to take charge of country place. Please
address box 517, Call office. . ■
GERMAN wishes a situation in business or
private place as watchman; • has good refer-
ences. C. H.. 127 Turk gt.
BOY 17 years old with a good horse and wagon
" would like a Job hauling for some firm;
cheap. 8959 Eighteenth at. •>.
WANTED— by a good reliable man: gen-
eral blacksmith: city or country. Address
box 1370. Call office. • - ■
YOUNG man desires position driving team;
also understands handling machinery. Box
1367, Call office. ■
PAINTER, general workman, wants employ-
ment; no stage work. Address box 518, Call.
AN old man wishes a position to work around
a place; a good home more an object than
wages; I am clean and honest. Box 522, Call.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position as
school boy; city or country. OKI, care H.
IDE & CO., 201 Sixth St., city.
COACHMAN or general man wants situation;
thorough horseman, good gardener; single;
best references; city or country. Call at
stable. 1217 California st.
JAPANESE housecleanlng, wash windows or
contract. 1503 Fillmore st. Tel. Steiner 231.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
839 ■ HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
. Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT girl or woman, general housework, San
Mateo County, $20; German woman for
chamberwork and plain cooking, $20. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., want
to-day— 2 waitresses, restaurant, country, $25;
2 restaurant waitresses, city. $5 week; cook,
small boarding house, city, $30; waitress and
chambermaid for country hotel, short dis-
tance $20; ironer, institution, $35; 2 fancy
ironers; girl to cook for. few persons at
springs hotel, no dishwashing or washing.
$20, see party here 9 a. m., fare paid; cook,
delicacy store, $30, see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK Ross Valley, 2 in family $25: house
girl small family. Ross Valley, $20: Modesto,
small family, $20. fare paid; German or
French cook, small family, city. $35; French
maid $25: Swedish cook, 2 in family, $2..; 10
Swedish and 8 German house girls, $20 and
$25- and many girls for places at $12, $15 to
$20.' C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSERY governess; English, German and
music: one who can travel. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. -
GIRL, wait on door, sleep home, $12 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, light housework. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GIRL for chamberwork and assist kitchen, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .- ---
FRENCH maid and seamstress, $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls, $20 and $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ,» . . 
COOK. $25; chambermaid and waitress, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $25; second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN..
325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.. ■ '' ■
COLORED cook, $15. MISS CULLEN,- 325 Sut-
ter st. . ■ -. • •-■-'■•■.•-.•■»
2 PROTESTANT cooks in American families of
3, $25; Protestant second girl, a short dis-
tance. $20, see lady here; laundress, private
family $25; girls for housework, Palo Alto.
$25; Oakdale, $25; Alameda, $25; Newman, $25;
Modesto $20; and a large number of girls to
fill city situations. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st- .
COOK, small restaurant, $25; waitress, same
place, $20; Protestant cook, boarding, house,
$80; second girl, same house, $15; 3 chamber-
maids and waitresses, $20: 4 restaurant wait-
resses, $20, $20 and $5 week. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. . ■
TWO chambermaids and waitresses, cooks and
general housework girls; also young girls for
light housework. ' 1073>4 Market St., near
Seventh; employment office.
AN honest, neat, reliable young lady, capable
of taking care of a candy store, will find
steady position at good salary; must under-
stand her business. Call at once. SCHAEF-
ER'S, 22. Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker to take charge of
dressmaking department and alterations;
none but experienced need apply. Call bet.
10 and 11,840 Market st. ____________
WANTED— ' lady of tact and good Judgment
as partner In paying business: investment
$200. Address box 1382, Call office.
WANTED— A middle-aged German woman
wanted to keep house in the country. Inquire
in the morning at 1221 Webster st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; must un-
derstand cooking; 2 In family; wages $10.
Call at 10 a. m., 1361 Folsom st.
GIRL for general housework in small fani'ly;
good home; small wages. Box 1384, Call.
YOUNG girl 15 years; assist with housework; '.
small wages; good Home; ref. 1024 Gough st. j
GIRL to assist with light housework and baby.
,: 3670 Seventeenth st. •- • _____
GIRL to assist r In housework and with chil-
dren: wages $10. 1308 Buchanan st.
SEAM binder on jackets. DAVIDSON & MIL-
LER, 731 Market st. ,
GOOD finisher on coats; wages $10. 251 Eighth
St., Oakland, Cal.
WANTED— GirI for upstairs work and sewing.
2202 Jackson st. ■
NURSEGIRL about 13. Call between 9 and 12
at 2605 Sacramento st. ___•
GIRL for general "housework", light washing.
720 Fourteenth St., above Church.
GOOD waist hand at once. 319 Powell st.
GOOD restaurant waitress. 731 Mission st. .*■;
OPERATORS and finishers wanted. Inquire
MAX ORO_S__o E " 18 st., room 54. ;
BUTTON hole operator on the Wheeler & Wil-
; son- machine. ' 840 Market st. . . .
DRESSMAKER and apprentice. 764 Howard
y street.; .-:'.,' • ' : - ' ' ':': ' : " ,
WOMAN presser: one who has worked in dye
works. 409 Sutter st. :- ■■'•:-:.-'
OIRLS to sell tickets; big commission; bring
references. : 1170 : Market at., ; room . 11. .
GIRL wanted 17 years of age to take care of a
"child. Apply 1458 Page at.- ->.■■.-■ v .
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ! skirts, waists, etc'
Apply H.-;FWEDLAJ*DER, 335 Fell st.
: HELP WAJfTE->- Continued.
GERMAN nurse for 6-year-old child; no house-
work; good home; good wages; Western Ad-
dition. Apply 130 Sixth st. .
EXPERIENCED hand >on waists to work on
power; no dressmaker. Apply 409 A Turk st.
WANTED— GirI for upstairs work. 1207 Gouji
street. i .-.■'■ ■■..■ ■■■':. ■. '■ ' ■ ■ _^
AT the Employment Office. MRS. LAMBEHT : _
417 Powell st. ; help of all . nationalities to till'
various positions.
STRONG Protestant girl, for light housework
and take care of children; reference* re
quired; wages $15 to $20. 4005 Seventeenth st-
call bet. 2 and 6 p. m. •
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrta- _
few Inexperienced I hands taken and taught
: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36V. Fremont it.
PHYSICIAN requires a young lady medical
graduate (Protestant) for a sanitarium. Peid-
mont. box 524. Call office.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work. 745 O'Farren st.
EXPERIENCED glove saleslady. Addresa*
with reference, box , 621, Call.
Experienced fur machine operators
Apply H. LIEBES & CO.. 137 Post st.
,
WANTED— Wetnurse for a 6-montha-old bab--
Box 525, Call. : Oi '
RESPECTABLE young girl; light houaekeeD-
Ing; wages small. 845 California st.
LADIES — proposition; big money easily
made. Call at 514 Taylor 6t., mornings.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. -McDowell's, 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good po-iUoa."
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The CalL
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WANTED— '
MURRAY & READY MURRAY &^REAT»_
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
".....WANT TO-DAY f™ ' -
198 more mem for Arizona ,'.[[ *
2 teamsters for San Francisco $1 75"da"v
18 2- horse teamsters, city Jobs $175 _ '
stableman, country $25 and found
IS farm hands, $25, $20 and round
hoe down and .straw buck, harvest field...
139 woodchoppers $150, $1 _" co
184 tlemakers ...' Sc. s»c, lie each
3 milkers $30, $25, $20 and found
84 post makers .$l5O, $_ cord
35 quarrymen $26 and found
farmer and wife, no objection to children
packer, shingle mill
:. MURRAY & READY
634 and 636 Clay st.
BAQBER COOKS WAITERS
$ cooks, different placet), $50, $45 and $3u and
foun<_
6 waiters $30. $25 — ld $20 and found
6 dlshwv^hers. MURRAY & READY, 634 an
636 Clay Bt.
BUTCHERS BAKER'S HELP
restaurant butcher $40 and found
2 bakers' helpers $25 and $20 and found
MURK AY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay st.
STEAMER sails to-day see boss hera
For a great sawmill company...
edgerman $2 50 day
tall sawyer $1 SO day-
tail edger ...............$l5O day
spool tender $175 day
6 lumber pliers $26 and found
10 swampers $26 and found
3 trimmers $175 day
10 laborers to build roads in woods, $26 and
found
off bearer... $26 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BROILER, $45; second cook, $55; third cook, ho-
tel, $25; dishwasher, help in bakery, $25; 3
cooks, $9, $10 and $11 a week
.Second cook, mine boarding-house, $40, half
fare advanced; second cook, country hotel,
$40; baker and pastry cook and. assist on
range. $40, and others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 10< Geary st.
NEAT young German or Scandinavian who has
had some experience barkeeplng for bar porter
In a first-class hotel, $35 and board. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITER tor springs, $22 50,' fare- advanced;
waiter, country hotel. $25; 4 waiters, city, $25.
C. R. HANSKN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
3 MEN to do pjastering on steam pipes and
boilers; 2 teamsters, 10c fare, $1 and board;
harness cleaner. $50: 4 farmers. $20; milker,
$25- ratchet setter. $35 and board; woodcho,')-
pors, 75c to $1 60 a cord. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 194 Geary st.
LABORERS and teamsters for the mountain
railroad, ship to-night
5 quarrymen, $2 a day, long job
10 laborers for a quarry, $1 75 a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at. .
SHIP for Skaguay, Alaska. ; railroad, to-mor-
row Friday; fare, including berth and meals,
$16. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
PORTER, country hotel. . $20. C. R. HANSEN
- & CO.. 104 Geary si. :.-_■■: •-..-,
WANTED— gravel miner, $40 and board;
25 laborers, $1 75 and $2 day; 4 men to clear
land $25 acre; men to cut brush, $15 and
found- choreman for vineyard. $20; yauns: man
• to care for invalid, $20; quarrymen. $30 and
found, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— and wife, $45; lunch cook. $4.";
hot cake and biscuit baker. $10; private
boarding waiter, $20; hotel waiter country.
$25- young man for housework, $16; boarding-
house cook $35; elevator and bell boys and
others, J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st. • t
A TAMALE maker. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. , v
SHOE salesman wanted to sell window display
fixtures In this cfty as a side line on com-
mission from catalogue for a large manu-
facturer. Address JAMES RAIT, 105 Sum-
mer st.. Boston. Mags.
BOY about 16 years of. age residing with par-
ents Apply northeast corner Polk and Sutter
sts., 9:30. MR. YOUNG. - .
WANTED— An experienced curtain salesman
and draper; state age, experience, salary, ref-
erence. Box 1337, Call. ,
BRIGHT office boy; steady position; wages $7
per week. Apply bet. 10 and 12. room 611.
Examiner building. ;
WANTED— A good general shoe salesman:
state age. experience, salary, reference. Box
1336, Call.
BOY to learn printing trade; must give 60
days; good position for right party. Box
1340. Call. '~'~~ '-' '
Al OPERATORS on ladies' Jackets; highest
wages. DAVIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market.
COAT, pants, vest makers for country. Apply
REISS BROTHERS. 24 Sutter st.
% Inffi
$?*
AMATEUR musicians for purposes. 323
Bush st., office No. 4. third floor.
LADIES' tailor and operator; steady Job. 20
Sansome at., upstairs. . |
TYPESETTER this morning., 50« Market St..
room 2. :
GOOD cabinet maker for show case work. Call
lIS Mission st.
W4.NTED-Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
1*303 Webster at.
LUNCH cook. German. $25 a month. 29 Third
street. _^ — _ _____: ■,-
Strong boy to learn painting; one with ex- \
perience. Call at 1757 Howard *,■■ -
tTytnG man that understands butcher busi-
ness^ andean wait on trade. 391 Sixth at.
PRESSMAN on custom coats; good wages;
steady work. . 138 Russ st.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
WANTED for the U. S. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 30.
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For information ap-
ply to recruiting officer. 425 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco. Cal. -
WANTED —An experienced salesman who
thoroughly understands stoves and hardware:
a quick active man. Apply to W EINbTOCK.
LUBIN & CO., 523 Market, from 2 to 3 p. m.
wanted— A • first-class dress goods salesman.
APDIy 83 Market st., room 7, Ells STOCK.
LUBIN & CO.. from 2 to 3 p. m.
CLERK wanted In large country store; state
married; references; experience; salary ex-
pected. Address R., box 75, Jamestown. Cal.
WANTED First-class foreman on cakes; good
wages- state former employment. Address
box 1389. Call office. ■ ■■:::■
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission '
at men to take ' rooms; 10c, • 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. ,
WANTED— A reliable and competent farmer,
single ' man. '. Address box 1365, Call office.
MAN. to work around house. 30 Hannah St.,
Oakland; Berkeley train.. _' ;
BUSHELMAN wanted. 930 Market St., room
16. • ' _
YOUNG German, • bet. 18 and 22, to help in
liquor store. .1801 Devlsadero St., cor. Bush.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
SHOES repaired while you wait: half price.
662 Mission st., bet. : First and Second. '
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and Jewelry : pri- '
vate entrance. Uncle : Harris, 15 Grant aye.
TO Tailors— coat and trousers makers
wanted. Apply at 11 at the Stevenson-st. en-
. trance. CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st.
250 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes. 25c to $1.
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
MEN to . learn , barber trade ; easy terms ; or
. trade guaranteed, $.15. 1542 Market Bt.
■ ■ •■■..■•-.,■■■••HEL- WAXTED-Contlnued.
for the United States ma-
RECRX.ITS want* . .^ navy> , able bod
nne , C rriSf" nen i etween the ages of 21 and
rnm.irried m "• o | t Uens of the United
30 years *r><>« who have legally declared
Mates, or ,' ' tll become such; must be of
their Int ;-,'.' r an( j habits and able to speak,
good ciiarjci English, and be between 5
read ana y- feet In height. For further
v feet o inches a" at the recruiting office, 20
V F'ff'ff tl J.njriu>cl«cq. Cal.
- a •vTED^Laboreri and mechanics to know
V- - . V-'. i> ,ikln Reno House proprietor, still
that s£nver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
r""ra<= £c F er n :!:t; $1 to $3 per week.
; —...ciflne calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
sV.lpinp.' 3i.-:_only one price. 923 Howard st.
rrSnVRS'/Ass'ri Free Employment Office.' 8.
IpCCHS^Sec^ 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
rTjrvTand women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 13SV» Eighth st.
rTT^T^p— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knex Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAII ORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
gLANE'S, oC-4 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, Bunny and airy
r'ocai. 'lie night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TifY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
f,r a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAll.*" l^. ordinary seamen carpenters, coast,
.. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and loc night; 75c and $1
«-ei-k. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sti.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
■pu* and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— "History of the Spanish-
American War," by Hon. Henry Watterson;
reliable, exhaustive story of the military, na-
val and civil history of the war: superbly il-
lustrated with 76 full page half tones and rich
pictures in colors: credit given; write for lib-
eral terms; the opportunity of the year. THE
WERNER COMPANY. Akron. Ohio.
WANTED— Lady or eentleman to sell teas,
coffees and crockery on commission. Box
1360. Call office.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle a good spe-
cialty: just in. Greater West Advertising it
Novelty Company, llio^i Washington St.. Oak-
land.
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted, ladies or gents;
excellent proposition. 232 Noe st.
FIRST-CLASS agents, ladles or gents; excel-
lent proposition. Room 9. 14 McAllister st.
FLATS WANTED.
FAMILY of 3 adults want middle flat, 3 rooms;
rent not exceeding $12: close in. Room 36, Cos-
mopolitan, corner Fifth and Mission sts.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — sunny room with gas, grate
and large closet and small connecting room,
suitable for kitchen, for very small house-
keeping, within six blocks of Third and Mar-
ket sts., furnished or unfurnished; must be
cheap. .TNO. KENT, 5158 Oak st. • -.-;>.*,
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— cash, balance board and lodg-
ing for Park lots; corner property. Box 1412,
Call office.
ROOM and board in exchange for elocution
lessons by a young man. Box 1369. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED yacht between 20 and 30 feet
long; must be cheap. Address G. G. S., 112
Jones st.
WANTED— A sloop about 25 feet long. 8-foot_
beam, cabin 8x12; state price. Address AL-
BERT GREEN. 321 Union st., Napa City.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus; second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SAX.J2.
H. C. DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
ONLY $300
10-ROOM HOUSE
32- ROOM HOUSE
PAYMENT SUIT
10-room house; only ..$ 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 560
46-room house; corner 1200
24 rooms: clears $100 600
18-room boarding house 1400
40-room house: only $150 cash 450
14 rooms on Powell St.; new 750
26 rooms on Mission; new 1500
44-room house; corner ICOO
22 rooms near City Hall 600
36 rooms; clears $200 1600
60 rooms; clears $300; only 750
10 rooms all rented; business street 300
25 rooms; on Market St.; clears $200 600
11 rooms; new furniture; clears $150 1900
100 rooms: corner; best on earth :.. 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL, I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER.
1028 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; clears $75
month; all new furniture; snap
12 rooms on Ellis st. ; cost $2000; new fur-
niture; only $11CO
48 rooms north of Market st ; fine 1200
76 rooms; select: transient; corner 3500
25 rooms; rent J55 650
37 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.... 1500
10 rooms: all new furniture 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION,
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
L. W. ROGERS, clerk for F. C. HYDE &
CO. (formerly clerk for H. C. DECKER).
A— KREDO & CO ...22V» Geary St.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
53 rooms: best corner on Sixth < $1600
48 rooms; good location for business 2000
38 rooms: fine corner: clears $100 1100
14 rooms; good corner: transient 800
II rooms; cost $1500; a snap at 750 I
10 rooms: nice house; clears $40...., 550 j
A— s6oo; 23 rooms; monthly receipts $115; rent
$45; good furniture. Kredo & Co., 22V4 Geary.
A— s6&o: 37 rooms: centrally located: clears $150
month: snap. KREDO & CO., 22>i Geary st.
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS—
10 rooms $175118 rooms; fine $550
16 rooms 250] 20 rooms; snap 600
37 rooms 700i50 rooms 1250
National Business Agency, 7 Grant are.
FOR SALE— Furniture 9 rooms; auiet, clean,
always full: no agents. 313% O'Farreirst.
O'FARRELL, 553— First-class of house of 9
rooms; 5 completely furnished.
$200— BOARDING-HOUSE of 10 rooms. 528
Pine st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HANDSOME furniture of 6 rooms, nearly new.
Call 1 to 5 p. m. at 2112 Pine st.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugirles.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— carloads work, draft and drlv-
Ing horses. Occidental SalesyardE. 721 Howard.
i '■■..•;;■ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
COUNTRY leather ton Landau, 6-passenger
wagonette, physician s coupe and failing
from Brougham second hand, cheap. SOO
Golden Gate aye.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
hold Harness Co.. 21*. Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS
WHITNEY hammerleßs 10-bore Damascus
shotgun for $3'; worth $75. At UNCLE KAR-
RIS', 15 Grant avo.
HELM wheel of crulner d' Juan de Austria, cap-
tured at Manila. Apply S. S. Zealandla, Pa-
cl flc-st. wharf.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO3H A WOLPMAN, 196-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-102S Mission St.. above
Sixth.
4H HORSE-POWER gas engine g^od as new
for sale cheap at 31-33 Park aye.
Engine boiler, pumps, pulleys, shafting, laundry
mchy. dynamos, 2d hand. White, 516 Mission
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc, 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20;. records. $;, per dozen :
projectoscope, $100. liaclgalupl. 938-952 Market.
J. K. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
etz«-s: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. r.
PHYSICIANS. —
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms
Advice and medicine, $1 SO: open 8:30 to 6. 9»7
Market, cor. 6th, opp. Welnstock & Lubln's.
DR. c. C. O'DONNELL, office and 'residence.
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty. >
typewriters!
ALL tpewrlters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER « CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25: Callgxaph, $15; Yost, $26;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9up; new girls'
wheels. $18; new 1897 high grade 1100 bicycle
for $28; new tires, $2; new pedals. $1 25 a pair;
. repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE, 20th and Folsom. j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— LIST your store, property or ' DusinesTplMe
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st. the
old established and reliable business agents
M c have a large llgt of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns.
POOO-HOTKi in this city; established many
years; occupied and patronized by mechanics
and clearlnt above $150 per month; 34 nicely
furnished rooms; dining hall and good pay-
ing bar; rent $75. WILKE & UNFUG 906
Market tt.
A— s3oo; corner grocery and bar; 2 blocks south
of Market st.; living rooms: rent $25; a snap.
T.MLKE & UNFUG, 9<W~ Market st.
$3«O— ROAD house, in very best location; 4
iimminent roads, facing the corner: corner
building saloon; telephone office ahd 2 rftorns;
cottage of 4 rooms, barn, windmill; water all
ever the place; about 2 acr«.s good for chicken
ranch. WILKE & UNTUQ. :66 Market st.
$375— RESTAURANT; well-payTngTowner guar-
antees $2u a day; must be sold Rt once; make
offer; owner sick; strictly honorable offer.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— s2ooo; corner grocery In lively country town
close to this city: doing a good paying busi-
ness; including h\yjse of T> rooms, hard fin-
ished; .lot 55xlW;' horse, wagon, barn, etc.
Particular- WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market.
$350— SALOON; bargain this day. McLAUGH-
LIX & CO., 777 Market st.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$3SS— RESTAURANT; bargain to-day; account
departure for Europe. McLAUGHLIN &
CO., 777 Market st.
$300— CIGAR stand; satisfactory reason for sell-
ing. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
$1000— SALOON in prosperous country town;
retiring cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st.
j $250— PARTNER wanted in old established res-
taurant; steady man required. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st-
I $400— LAUNDRY route; good horse and wagon;
paying $20 per week; leaving the city causs
of sale. McLAIIiHLJN 4 CO.. 777 Market.
$750— SALOON and lodging house; bargain. Mc-
LAUGHLIN A CO., 777 Market^
$200— WOOD and coal yard; central; south of
and near Market St.; good horse and wagon;
est. 80 years; splendid. LESS, 7<5 Market.
$450— SALOON and lunch house, 9 furnished
rooms among factories downtown; furniture
Included. M. UEgS & CO_ 765 Market^
$350— LAUNHRY r.uie, with flrf=t-c!as9 horse
and wagon; 100 regular oaeh customers; will
easily clear $7f. per m.nth; any one can run
this. M. LESS, 7i";. Market st.
$I>S— CIGAi. notions, laundry office;
S living room*; rent $15; rare offer and as
good as It is cheap. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$175— SALOON with living rooms; established
30 years: between shops and factories: must
be sold at once on account of sickness; rent
only $20 a month. M. LESS & CO., 765 Mar-
ket st.
A— WE hay» buyers to invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— s22s: delicacy store; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; well fltted up; selling account sickness.
National Business Ex., 7 Grant aye.
$100— COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$250 — Restaurant; No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
$175— Branch bakery; Market st; rent $15.
4200 — Cigar store; receipts. $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— s6ooo; DRUG store across the bay; elegantly
fltted and well stocked; receipts $1200 month-
ly; no competition. KREDO & C0..22H Geary.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery, delicacy, laundry
. office; $16 dally. KREDO & CO., ilhi Gea/y.
A— s7oo; GROCERY and bar; fine corner; value
in stock; $20 dally. KREDO & C0..22V4 Geary.
A— TWO big bargains in saloons; well located;
doing splendid business; special reason for
selling; investigation solicited. STEWART
& CO., 632 Market st.
A— s26o; partner in old-established well located
business; can be more successfully operated
by two. STEWART & CO., 632 Market st.
$175 — COAL yard ; near Market st. ; horse, wag-
ons; good business. JONES & SEARLL. 81"
Market st.
i $150— OYSTERS croker; best location; clears $50
month; week's trial. BABILB, XX% Market.
i $175— HOME bakery; must sell this month;
leaving city; worth double. Box 1338, Call.
'. IF you want to make money; new invention;
required in every home. 700 Eddy st.
; BARBER shop for sale, with K-ifh=: (rood busi-
ness; country. Apply 104 Seventh st. _____
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; mu?t be sold at
: once. Call premises, 335 Fourth st.
FOR SALE— Hand laundry equipped with
steam generator, Tyler ironer, washing ma-
chine, etc.; drop trade of $25 par week; price
$100. Address box 1355, Call office.
BRANCH bakery for sale cheap; low rent; 3
living rooms. Inquire »13 Buchanan st., near
McAllister.
$2000— DO you want a country genl. mdse. store?
Add. or call on G. W. PLACE, Newark, Cal.
! SALOON; bargain; must sell this day account
| of other business. 23 East st.
GROCERY and store, 8358 Howard st. ; must
be sold on account of sickness.
RESTAURANT for sale or will exchange for j
property. 128 Fourth st. •
FOR Sale — Grocery store in good paying condl- j
tlon at 1393 Halght st. ; Inventory may be |
seen on the premises; terms cash. Sealed 1
bids will be opened in the office of JONES- i
PADDOCK CO.. 26 Fremont St., at 10 a. m. !
on Saturday. October 29. |
AT a Sacrifice — One of the best located res- ;
taurants in Oakland; has been run by the ]
present owners for nine years; clears $250 per
month; first-class trade; owners retiring on !
account of other budiness In S. F. For par- !
ticulars M. L. WURTS. 17th and Bdwy, Okld.
$350—0000 paying business; must be sold Im-
mediately at a sacrifice; owner leaving coun-
try: fullest Investigation. 227 A O'Farrell st.
FOR Sale— Ortet Bros., pioneer cutlers, 524
Commercial st., bet. Montgomery and Leides-
dorff; goods suitable for butchers and cooks.
$12.>— 2-CHAIR barber shop; good country town;
receipts $20 and over per week; principal
street: rent cheap. Apply Call office.
CORNER butcher ihop; rea«on for selling, sick-
ness. Inquire 225 Fourth St., room 12.
BRANDTS restaurant for aale. 2875 Sixteenth
St., near Howard.
GOOD-PAYING Baloon; fine location; reason-
able rent: clears $150 per month. PAUL
D. CULVER, room 2s, fifth floor. Mills bldg.
F')R SALE— Saloon, restaurant and 15 rooms;
fine yard and stable; on city front, close to
docks; a bargain. Box 1304. Call.
FOR SALE— A good-paying saloon. Apply
John Wteland Brewery.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate; you can get our
combination metal plate for the same price;
it it thin a« paper; full set of teeth, $S;
crowns, $3; fillings, 50c up; teeth without
platee a specialty; written guarantee for 10
years given on all work; no students employ-
ed; extracting free when plates are ordered: ]
consultation free. MODERN DENTAL. PAR-
LORS, corner Market and Mason sts. En-
trance 8 Mason st. ; phone South 7SI.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: see new flexible
piates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without platen, crown and bridge work
our specialty: filllngß, f.Oc; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, !4 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1 132.
SET of teeth, $1; fillings, gold $1 up; silver, 2Sc
up; bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentist*, 969 Mission st.. comer Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEBK. genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to M O'Farrell Bt.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings. 2Sc up; all work paln-
!•*« and guaranteed to stand: open evenings. •
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1448 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate! DR. _f _T
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J
W. KEY, 132" Market st.
LOST.
LOST— In the neighborhood of Callfornla~_fid
Montgomery sta., a bunch of keys. Finder
will confer a favor by returning same to 413
California »t.
FOX terrier bitch puppy: one eye black. Re^
turn to 218 Post st. and receive reward.
LOST— Diamond and ruby stick pin. Return to
920 Eddy st.; reward.
CERTIFICATE No. SS4 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaqnin Valley Railroad,
Issued to A. G. RUSS, has been lost and a
reward of $10 is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. G. RUSH, 201 Montgomery st.
LOST- White poodle dog; curly tail; slightly
brown earn. 3jt Chepultepec St.: reward.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. l»lu Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 14S Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest ratea. 205 Fourth st. {
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
1 OLIVE aye., ; 113. near corner of Polk and
EH1»; $26; 7 rooms and bath.
PERRY. 208. near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN CO. ■ ■■■- ■
WE can rent you a house with or Without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
NEWLY furnished sunny flat. 6 rooms j and
bath; will rent for a term of 3 to 6 months:
vicinity of Powell and Pine sts.; references;
no children; rent $45. Box 13C0. Call.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$15^5^ROOM~^cottace1 baThTT^alemenT^and
yard. 2417 CJay gt.
PLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN," 725T'ahove ""sixth— flat of 3
rooms; also 2-room flat; $7 and $5. .
CHOICE sunny flats. 6 rooms; 2 sunny cot-
tages, 4 rooms; modern Imp.; thoroughly ren-
ovated. 2806 Howard St., bet. 24th and 25th.
CLAYTON, 872. south Of Frederick — Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath: cheap.
DYKEMAN place, off Mason St.. neaV O'Far-
_ rell— Nice flats, 4 rooms, $15; downtown.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, with stable. 132
Henry St., near Noe. ■
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1138, near Webster—
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms. ,
HAVES. 339-Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
JANE place, 3, off Pine, near Mason— A sunny
upper flat of 6 rooms, $15.
LLOYD, 25 A and 258, between Scott and De-
• vlsadero — Two flats; fIG and $19. Apply 800
Halght st. .
MISSION— Modern flat, 6 rms, bath; washtubs;
water; $16 50. Burnham-Mar«h, 20 Montgmy.
ON sunny side Cedar aye., off Larkln St., be-
tween Pout and Geary; nice coxy flats, 4 and 5
rooms and bath; rent very reasonable. Apply
at 929 Sutter st., near Hyde.
RENT reduced to $«; 836 A Sixth, 2 flats, 6rms.,
bath; 4 rooms; hall; mantel; large yard.
SHOTWELL, 10— Sunny upper flat, 6 rooms;
bath and yard; $17.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St.. near Seventh; $15.
SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms; good condition.
112 Perry St.. near Third; $10.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ,
$15— LOWER flat, 5 rooms; porcelain bath and
basement; $1S: top flat, 6 rooms; porcelain
bath and basement. 16 Cumberland st.. off
Guerrero, between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
2 NEW sunny modern flats. 4 rooms, bath,
each; CIDH Grove st. and 1421 Hayes Bt.; $13
each.
$10— LOWER flat, near Mission and Third sts.
• Apply 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, 725, above 6th— Front bedroom and
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping; sB and $6.
BRYANT, 1101, cor. 9th— front rooms: com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— 2 bay windows;
kitchen; wood or gas stove; $12 to $14 suite.
CASTRO and Twentieth sts.— Pick your room
in the 3-story sunny house: cheap rent. See
ISAACS. 240 Montgomery st.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; second floor; splendid
location.
I EDDY, Nice furnished corner suite, with
kitchen.
EDDY. 915— Furnished or unfurnished connect-
ing sunny rooms; garden; fine location; prl.
FOLSOM, 2S4B— or 4 unfurnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; gas stove; cheap without chil-
dren.
GEARY, Newly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; gas range; also other rooms.
GEARY, 1917— 520; 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
2 beds; 2 stoves: gas and coal; all neces-
saries .
GOLDEN GATE. 1650—2 sunny well furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; gas stove, bath
and free telephone. ___^
HAVES, 106^4— of rooms fit for two gentle-
men, or gentleman and wife; kitchen and din-
Ing room if required. :
HOWARD. Front rooms for housekeeping;
completely furnished; fine stove and running
water. ■ "
HOWARD, SosV4— Sunny furnished back and
front rooms; hot and cold water; $10 and $12.
HOWARD. 1068— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or en t suite; also rooms for hskplng.
LAGUNA, 1205—2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath, $7.
MISSION, 839— Front suite complete for house-
keeping, $3; single rooms, $1 up.
OAK, 119—1 large sunny front room complete
for housekeeping, $&; also 1 unfurnished, $4.
POLK. 608, near Eddy— B or 4 unfurnished sun-
ny hkpg. rooms; private family; fine location.
SCOTLAND. 4, off Filbert, near Mason— 3 rooms
and kitchen: In rear; $7. '■
SEVENTH,' Large sunny housekpg rooms;
complete; private house; large yard; $10 & $9.
SEVENTH, 551— 56; 2 furnished housekeeping' j
room .
TAYLOR, 288— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath, yard; light housekeeping; good location.
TEHAMA. 62. near Second— Lower part of
house, 3 large rooms, $9; good order.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TWELFTH, 230 C —Large sunny housekeeping
room, with or without use of kitchen.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166, near Howard— Nicely
furnished front and back parlor; kitchen; use
of bath and laundry; rent cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 62 Second— single, double and light
housokpg. rms. ; wk. $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c.
ARLINGTON House, 117 Kearny _t.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite or single; first-das*
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA. The 1049 A Market— Changed hands; |
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; eleVtr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post St.. 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board If desired.
BUSH, 1124 — Best and cheapest rooms in city;
running water; $8 up. '
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms;. prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant rooms; very rea-
sonable; also for housekeeping.
EDDY, Newly furnished sunny suite and
single rooms; private family; baths.
FOLSOM, 732— Nice BUnny rooms.
FOLSOM, 776%— nicely furnished rooms to let
cheap. . ' ■ ' ' .'-.'■'■.
FULTON, 4SoB— Large sunny front and back
parlors; single or double; very cheap; private.
GEARY, 14A— Neatly furnished pleasant rooms;
week or month; $6 to $10 per month.
GEARY, 402— Just opened ; carpets and furni-
ture new; sunny front furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; reasonable; offices first floor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 478— Nicely ' furnished room, suitable
for 2 gentlemen: also single room.
GLOBfc; House, 821 Howard— Per night, 250 to
$1; Week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 917 A —Large sunny room;
one or two persons. . '
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HAIGHT, £42— Part of a sunny flat; 2, I or 6
rooms: unfurnished; rent reasonable.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $8 per week. *■
HARRISON AYE., 21H— 2 large sunny rooms,
suitable foe housekeeping.
HASKELL, The, 131 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and slngl. rms.; traslent. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 7B9— S nice sunny rooms; house-
keeping or single.; . , ■ .. '..'.
JACKSON, 2326— tunny furnished rooms,
with bath. ".-...: ■■'■: ' •"■ ■ ■
LITTLE PALAC*E, 23 and 25 Third— Sunny
white rooms; white gaslights; $2 to $8 a week.
MARKET, Changed hands; suites or sln-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING, Prop.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient. ?_
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month
POWELL, 317 .former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable, r X .: ■ :
SEVENTH, 192. near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, Nicely furnished front room,
first floor, , $1 per v week. ;,' .... * -V --. .';■'■■-■[■_
SHERMAN Apartment \ House, 128 - Eighth < St.,
> near j Market— Furnished and . unfurnished. j
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
SHOTWELL, 121— Sunny furnished front room
and bath; $3 50 per month.
TAYLOR. 1100— Elegantly furnished suite for 1
or 2 gentlemen: single rooms.
TENTH, 148 — 1 or 2 large sunny furnished
rooms; light housekeeping or single; private.
THIRD, 2"ir,A— Nice sunny rooms, single and
double; cheap.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp.Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 132, corner Jones — Two large nicely
furnished sunny rooms.
TURK, 543— Nicely furnished single sunny
room; all conveniences; rent $5.
VAX NBBB aye.. 232, corner building— Newly
renovated nnd completely furnished suites;
with gas range.
VAN NESS. 400— Elegant sunny double parlors;
unfurnished; furnish for permanent parties.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A^BOTSFORDTfhe—
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate; board optional: all cant direct.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
EDDY, 628 (Irvlngdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suites, best board, $40 up; single, $20 up.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia St.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 743— Pleasant room for gentle-
man; parlor; piano; home cooking; ?20 up.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3392, corner Guerrero— Pri-
vate boardlnß-liou8e; sunny rooms, newly
furnished.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
WANTED— A young man to board and room;
$15 a month. Apply 27 Ninth st.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 61 Clara st.
GERMAN widow wuiild like few children to
board: good home. 37 Dewolf at., station L.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER store and basement, suitable for gro-
cery, and 4 rooms if required. 940 Oa<k st.
COR. store. Kit Mission: 7 yrs. as saloon;
cheap; store cor. Lafayette and Howard; fixt-
ures for saloon. Apply 2538 Mission st.
RENT reduced; SJB Sixth St.; store, 3 rooms:
large yard; rear entrance; rent $10.
BRIGHT and light; 7 City Hall sq., cor. Mar-
ket st.; suitable for any business; rent $15.
LARGE store with living rooms and stable;
No. 1 grocery and bar; low rent, $20. NW.
corner of Douglass and Elizabeth sts.
OFFICES TO LET.
rMMAT&PRECKELS building. 927 MarkeVstT;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $11 50
to $20. ABHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $i. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively sare and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., 8. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day: safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation fre;;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cure,
$6. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that rantore* instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guarantee!
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
•consult free: confidential; hours, 9 a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market «t.
LADIEB, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal PiUs
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DR. and~MRB. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gntii
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPKAU'B French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. ISB P*cnnd pt
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for J6
cash and $X per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method: *>rices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in hoed second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments nnd some good pianos for $3, J4 anl
$5 ter month. SHERMAN. CLAY &' CO.,
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
»ts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. _
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hnr.se
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and priceß; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR $250 we will sell you the finest piano ever
offered in this city; guaranteed for 10 years;
our own make; our own building; terms to
suit the smallest pocket. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Company, 660 Hayes st.
BKNJ. CURTAZ A SON, sole agents for ChiclT
erlng, flteck Vose nnd Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
DECKER A SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices u-e
low. MAI7\ > Alg, 769 Market st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. SOS Post st.
$60— UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for salo on
$5 installments. 1115 Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
$90— Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmltz,
1$ McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
AN elegant Steinway. upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 'an Ness aye.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest ; price* lowest; uprights. $7< jp;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 186 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new ecale; new : yles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUT.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English brandies:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc. ;■ 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, b< >>k-
Keeping. ttlegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc ; life scholarship, $30; low rutes
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 5941 Twenty-
fourth at., near Sanchez.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph B. TeT-
low in Mathematics, U. C. 7407 3. Athorton,
nr.Channing way.Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; dayft eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 833 Market.
ELOCUTION and oratory: F. Cook<Tlsa.Tdwe7l7
1« yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.
MME. ANNIB MONTAGUE TURNER, v .cal
instructions!; correct, natural method. 93o Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes: pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpetß. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
88 and ¥t Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN y»u become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 363-17 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at *c per yard: laid at 30.
STRATTON'B. 3 Eighth St. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. H. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cieaning, 3c per yard; tei. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 12«.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Butter st. ; I
tel. Main 391. QEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
PERSONALS.
WANTED to make the acquaintance of a re-
spectable middle-aged lady with mean*; ob-
ject matrimony. Address W. R. 8., 122 Post
St., room 19. ' - ■ ■ ; . ''■:'.' X'' t
RAG carpets wove to order and for pale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer, in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rate*. GEO. MATTHEW, 703 Fifth, Oakland.
! GEORGE MAYERLE, expert optician. German
Optical Institute, 1071't Market s-t.. near Sev-
■ enth, formerly 28 Third st.; see directory.
THE famous Kneipp Water Cure Sanitarium
at 438 O'Farrell St.; diseases or all kinds
thoroughly and conscientiously treated with-
out the aid of medicine by MR. A. WILL-
MANN, graduate of Woerlshofen, Germany.
THERE is plenty of room at LEDERER'S
Hair Dressing Establishment, no crowding;
22 artists to dress your hair in the most cor-
rect form, any style costs 25c only. .
LEDERER'S Quinonla is the best Hair Tonic,
. should be used as daily hair wash. 35c bot-
tle, ill Stockton st. ;
ELECTRIC lights in 'every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms,
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $« per week:
free 'bug and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 116 Kearny
HOME In confinement; i diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. Hl6 Sth St., Alamtda.
SUITS to order en easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th ar.d Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladles' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, .negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits; men and women
' teachers employed. 916 Mkt., opp. Emporium.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $3
tip; dresses made over. S Eddy St., rms. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost . affec-
. tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
etolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER. the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism: all wishing to know their
future consult her Immediately; poor people
half fee; by mall, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post st.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant & cardreader:
born with double veil St second sight; diag-
nosis disease with full life reading; la. 60c;
gents $1; palm & clalr. : sit $1 SO. 126 Turk.
WONG SONG, fortune teller, will call upon
those who want his services.' Address 6154
Dupont st., room 19.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA read* life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell St.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant; treats pri-
vate and chronic diseases, no matter from
what cause or how long standing, with re-
pealed remedies; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologlst; cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. has
removed from 34 to 28 Sixth St.. room 3.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 605 McAllister et. ; come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER, Mother Sadie materializing
seance, 8 p. m., 50c. 409 Leaven worth st.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. lIS Halght st.
I MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Men.. 8. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia St.
PROPOSALS. *
I PROPOSALS for Military Supplies— New
Montgomery st , San Francisco, Cal., October
27, IS9B. Sealed proposals In triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m., November
2S, 1898, and then opened, for furnishing one
tug boat. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture,
1 conditions! or price and quality being equal
(including In the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon), and such preference given
I to articles of American production and manu-
i facture produced on the Pacific Coast to the
extent of the consumption required by the
public service there. The United States re-
serves the light to accept or i reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Proposals
for delivery at other points will be enter-
tained. Information and blank proposals fur-
I nished on application. Envelopes will be in-
j ■ doreed "Proposals for Tug Boat, No. 5036,"
: and addressed to LIEUTENANT COLONEL
j OSCAR F. LONG, United States Volunteers,
Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS to Furnish One Fourth-Clas3 La
j France and Two Third-Class American Fire
Engines and One Hook and Ladder Truck
• With SO-Gallon Chemical Tank Attached, for
Use of the Fire, Department.
Office nt the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of Ban Fran-
cisco, October 25, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. 1787
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of th« Board of Supervisors, on i
MONDAY AFTERNOON, October 31. 1898.
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for furnishing one
fourth-class La France fire engine and two
third-class American fire engines and one
hook and ladder truck, with 80-gallon chem-
ical tank attached, for. the use of the Fire
Department. Said fire engines and hook and
ladder truck to be approved by the Board of
Fire Commissioners, the Chief Engineer of
the Fire Department and the i Committee on !
Fire Department of the Board of Supervisors
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate and state a
price for each fire engine of each class: also
the price for which the hook and ladder
truck, with 80-gallon chemical tank attached
will be furnished and delivered. in perfect i
working order and ready for use.
The party or parties to whom a contract Is
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the contract, to "pay
the cost or a portion of the cost of advertis-
ing this notice in three dally newspapers. ..
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award the Board has resolved
jto receive no bids unless made upon blank
I forms prepared by the committee, and a cer-
tified check on some bank in the City and
County of Son Francisco for the sum of one
thousand (slooo} dollars, deposited by the bid-
der with his bid and made payable to the
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned ,
if the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded, and if the bidder shall fall or neg-
lect to pay the. printing charges, execute the
contract and plva the required bond Within
six days after the award is made, then and •
in that case the said sum shall be paid Into ■
the City and County Treasury by said Clerk
as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect.
\ Blank* furnisher! by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public trond so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Cierk.
H. C. FARQUHARSON, Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSALS for stone wall — General depot.
Quartermaster's Department, 36 New Mont- ;
■ gomery street, San Francisco, September 27,
1898. Sealed proposals will be received at this .
office- until 11. o'clock a. m., on October 23, j
IS9B, and then opened, for construction of
stone wall alone southern : boundary of mill- .
tary reservation. Presidio of San Francisco. \
■ In accordance wl* 1 ' plans and specifications
on file here, which can be seen >on applies- -
tion. OSCAR F. LONG, lleuten'-it colonel. 3
U. R. Volunteers, depot quartermaster.
~ LEGAL NOTICES. \; ■ -
OFFICE of the Collector of Customs, • Port of ]
San Francisco, October, ISSB— The following
seized goods will be sola at public auction to •
the highest bidder, for lawful money of the
United States, at the entrance to the receiv-
ing department of the New Appraiser's build- '.
l Ing sale to take place at 10 o'clock a. m., on
1 the '4th day of November, 1898: 40$ cigars, .
July 26. 1593; M 5-tael boxes prepared opium, i
July 27, 1893; 250 cigars, Dec. 18. 1894; 04 5-tael
boxes ' prepared opium. June 15. 1835; :: 3400 -
cifiar*jNov. 10, 1897: 4 boxes containing 400 i
clgarsTl package containing 42 cigars, Nov.
11 1897; 6 bolts cloth, Nov. 19, 1597; 300 cigars, •
Nov. 27, 1897: 350 cigars, Nov. 29, 1897; 1 em-
broidered silk bed cover, 1 embroidered silk
table cover, 19 embroidered silk handker-
! chiefs. Dec. 1. 1897; 200 cigars, Dec. 4, 1897; 24
packages Cigarettes. Dec. 27, 1897; 600 cigars,
Jan 4. 1P98; 8 5-tae! boxes prepared opium, r.
Jan 6, 1898: 1 piece silk, Jan. 13. 1898: 1 box (
crude feathers, Jan. 12. 1898: 10 pieces silk i
shawls and miscellaneous articles, Jan. 12, a
1898: 1 package cigars. Jan. 13, 1898; 1 bed
cover, with embroidered silk counterpane and
20 silk handkerchiefs. Jan. 20, . IS9S ; 50 glass T
lamps, Jan. 81, 1S98; 3275 cigars, Feb. 1, 1898; *
2 valises containing 1550 cigars, Feb. 2, 1898;
500 cigars, Feb. 21, IS9S; 1650 cigars. March 3. *
1S98; 800 cigars. March 14, 1888; 3 silk shawls,
March 16, 1898; 550 cigars, March 23, 1898; : 9 1
silk handkerchiefs, April 1,-1898; • 6 baskets
water chestnuts. ' April 7. 1893; 1 package I
crude heron feathers, April 19, IMS: 2 silk
stand covers, April 21, 1898; 155 cigars . April I
30 1898: 6 bottles perfumery. May 2, 1888: 200
cigars. May 12, 1898; 200 cigars. 300 cigarettes, -
■'-■ May 17, -189S; 100 Jars preserved orange peel,
30 wooden bowls. 10 pieces flax gill netting,
300 pieces Joss paper/June 23. 1898; 160 cigars, C
June 24 1898; 600 cigars. July 11. 1898: SO 5-tael
boxes prepared opium, Aug.- 6. 1898: 800 olgaFs,
Aug. 11, 1S98: COO- cigars., Aug. 11, 1853;. 400 c
cigars Sept. 8, 1838; 27 dozen silk handker-
chiefs, Sept. 12. 1898. -■ : ■ . - .-- -■• ■■■■'■= . :
J. p. JACKSON. Collector of Customs.
-" , STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH ; 'Storage and : Moving Co."
Office 401 Post at., cor. Powell; tel. Main 4713. S
CITY REAL, ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, first floor Crocker building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
NEW BLOCKS! NEW LOTS! BARGAINS ON
EASY TERMS'.
Location and price will positively suit you.
$400 to Sunset Heights lots; graded;
splendid view; »25 down. |l0 z mo n uay. THERj
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$260 to $750— Choicest Richmond lots; only
$25 down. $10 monthly. TTT ,»^
; - SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
. $100 to $250— Level building lots near Mlsslon-
st. electric cars; only $5 monthly. .
Call for maps and diagrams. ■ - ■
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
$1950—15 ELIZABETH st., 71 feet east of Guer-
rero; 2-story bay-window residence, consist-
ing of 6 rooms and bath; positive bargain;
inspect to-day; we are selling the. house and
giving the lot away; terms to suit. F. A.
M. ALLY & CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
MUST be sold— of the best corners on
Dolores st. : suitable for bakery or grocery
store; lot 33x90; there is a new residence, of
7 rooms and bath on rear of lot. Apply to 232
Liberty *t.. near Dolores,
5- ROOM and bath cottage. 1606 Castro St..
between 26th and 26th; $600 cash, balance $25
monthly, houws built to suit purchasers on
20th st., near Castro. F. NELSON, builder,
4148 Twenty-fifth St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
Stales or Canada one 'ear "or $1 50, nostags
paid.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale or R«»nt — A place of 8 acres and Im-
provements; 50 or 100 acres adjoining can be
had reasonable with it. Addresß D. D.,
Pinole, Contra Costa County.
AN Improved 80-vara lot; beautifully located;
sunny corner; price $24,000; $12,000 can remain
on interest. Box 528, Call.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
REDWOOD road property, 100x180, with good 4-
room house, modern, for Oakland, Alameda,
. Berkeley or S. F. lots or improved prop.; will
assume small mortgage. 1665 24th aye. ; by let-
ter. D. P.. 1606 23d aye.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$200— NEW 3-room cottage; chicken house: barn;
nicely fenced; fine well of water; 3 large lots;
price $650; balance $6 monthly; 45 families
now located in Allendale Settlement, East
Oakland; streets all graded; some macadam-
ized; fine school and electric cars near; per-
fect drainage; site soil and climate the very
best* Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
St., cor. Broadway, Oakland. Carriage free.
H. 7. JONES, Owner.
25 ROOMS, all furnished: sell $350: give month's
rent free if buy the furniture. E. E. BUNCE,
908 Broadway, Oakland. -
DO you want a home very cheap? Look! ! !
I will sell No. 361 East Seventeenth St., Oak-
land, for $2650; a 9-room house, with stable
and 50-foot lot: 40 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; $800 cash; balance mortgage on prem-
ises; time to suit; belongs to a non-resident;
keys at 368 East Seventeenth st. R. P.
SAKE. I '
FOR sale in Oakland— New house, 7 rooms and
bath 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly installment*. HERON &
HOLCOMB. 1060 Broadway.
$6000 CLEAR; corner; 9 rooms: exchange ranch;
bay county. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,
Oakland. . .
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath: water and
ach man fre«; Adeline station. Oakland; key
• t 940 Union St. KOENIO & KKOLU IMS
_HOTEL TO JRENJ. J_NFJL R MSHED._
NEAR City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
58 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc. : rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON A HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: r»a«onabl» 1229 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHEIiI»-
HAAB' old «tor». 4«W KW-nth nt S»« hl~v
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800. $2200. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which hay«
been thrown on the market for payment
of Installments, and they are now tffered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and 'stations.
•We are going to weed them out, and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-Bt. station, Alameda, and 630 Market at..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park St.,
Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
LOVELY place in the middle of an orchard;
house of 4 rooms; lot 100x135; only $1600. Ap-
ply to JAS. J MASON. Real Eatate. Berkeley.
„ MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do not
borrow cf your friends or you will loae their
friendship: do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14. __^____
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. : telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest.' Room 88. 1173 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up; -
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent en real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery; rm, 3.
DN furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission ; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
. estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
150 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. DrydPn. 413 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and niy token. ■ . . J
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYIj-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
2ITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market ' St.. room 7.
i,. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; Consultation free: no fees in advance. ■•
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. '
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market it.
: BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH3I
Birth, marriage and I death . notices sent by
nail will not be inserted. They munt be handed
n at either of 'the publication .of flees : and be
ndorned with the name and residence of per-
ions authorised to have the same , published.
CORN.
3OYLE— In this city. October 25, IS9S, to the
wife of Hugh A. Boyle, a son. ,
FITZGERALD— In this city, October 18, IS9S, .
to the wife of John G. Fitzgerald, a daughter.
lINDES— In this city. October 18, IS9B, to the
wife of Stetson G. Hlrides. a daughter.
X)NDON^-In this city, October 24. ; 1898, to the
. wife of M. C. London, a son. ■ •
'ETEHSON— In this city, October 25, 1898, to
the wife of J. Peterson, : a son. .. ,
MARRIED. ■ ■
:LARK"-LAWSON— In this city, October 26,
1898, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, John B. Clark
and Barbara Lawson. both of San Francisco.
JRASB— SALISBURY— Itt thin city. October 28 ;
1898, at the First Baptist Church, by the Rev.! .
Dr. Woods, Charles R. Grass of Oakland and
Wanda M. Salisbury of San Francisco.
AMBB- OGDEN— In this city. October 29, 1898, '•
by the Rev, John A. B. Wilson, D.D., Law-
rence W. James of .'San" Francisco and Al- : ]
'berta^Ogden of -Chicago, ; 111... -. - •:...(
HVARTZ— BERCOVITZ— In Oakland. October
23, 1893, \ by the Rev. Hyman . Samuelson,
Samuel Shvartz of San Francisco and Re-
becca; Bercovltz of Oakland". . - ■..-;-.
I DIED. ~~
Adel, John Mathewson, Lillie D.
Armltage, Carrie • Meyerstein, Henry
Betkouski. Ellen ■■ Mack. Eva
Carman, Jane Moss. James W. - ; V
- Carstenbrook, Anna Murphy, John R.
Daley. Rosa Nealon, James
Ede. William Oyen, John A.
Felix. John G. Proctor, George
Felsenthal, Caroline Rodden. Edward J.
Firmstone, Henry T. Salmon, Joseph S.
Gale. Jeremiah W. Smiti>. Margaret
Harbour. •lh«-.,,i> ra , Van Court. John W.
Hillman, Abigail Vogel, John
Hoffmann, John
AD ? I In this city, October 26, 1898. John
Adel. a native of Munsterthal. Alsace, aged
44 years.
*,'i?T rl 'i nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ARMITAGE— In this city, October 25, 1898.- Car-
rie Armitage, a native of New York, aged
52 years. •
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
James Hasan. 445 Valencia street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BETKOUSKI— In this city, October 24. IS9S.
Ellen, beloved wife of John Betkouski. and
mother of Joseph Betkouski. a native of
County Donegal, Ireland, aged CO years and
2 months.
Friends and acquaintances and member*
of St. Peter's Society are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral this day (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of Carew
& English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue*
where a solemn requiem mass will be eel*.
brated for the repose of her soul, comments.
Ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CANNAN— In Oakland, October 23, 1838. Jane,
beloved wife of J. J. Carman, and mother of
Annie E. and Sadie M. Carman, a. native of
Swansea, Wales, aged 45 years. ;
E^Friendy and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence; 661 Seventh street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
CARSTENBROOK— In this city, October M.
IS9S, Anna M. Carstenbrook. beloved mother
of Mrs. A. Egeberg and Mrs. S. Knorp of
San Francisco and John D., Harry J. and
Katie Carstenbrook. Mrs. M. Clark and Mrs.
L. Clark of Live Oak. a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 64 years 8 months and 3 days.
DALEY— In this city, October 28 1898, Rosa
Daley, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
EDE— In this city. October 25, 1898, William,
beloved husband of Catherine Ede, and father
of William Ede Jr. and Clara Louise Ede, a
native of England, aged 72 years 8 months
and 21 days.
lC7Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the Mission Masonic Temple,
2665 Mission street, under the auspices of
Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M., thence
to I. O. O. F. Cemetery for cremation. Re-
mains at the parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co.,
2666 Mission street, Mission Masonic Temple.
FELIX— In this city. October 26, UK, John
George, dearly beloved son of John and Min-
nie Felix, and brother of Ervin Henry Felix,
a native of Wlnona, Minn., aged 10 years and
10 months.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 279 Crescent avenue, off Mission
roed. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FELSENTHAL— In this city, October 25, 1898,
Caroline, relict of the late Phillip Felsen-
thal, and mother of Mrs. H. Welnstock of
Sacramento, Mrs. S. M. Marks of San Fran-
cisco and David Felsenthal of Ventura, Cal.,
a native of Germany, aged 73 years and 3
months.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. S. M. Marks, 2527 Fillmore street. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
', streets. Please omit flowers.
FIHMSTONE— In this city. October 26, 1898,
Henry T., beloved husband of Harriet C.
Firmstone, and father of John E. and Robert
S. Flrmstone* a native of Plymouth. Eng-
land, asred 67 years I months and 27 days.
(Salt Lake City and Park City, Utah, papers
please copy.)
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at i
o'clock, from his late residence, 334 Page
street. "Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
GALE— In this city, October 25, IS9B. Jeremiah
W., beloved husband of Lydla A. Gale, a na-
tive of Vermont, aged SO years 1 month and
25 days. j
(C^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 1C o'clock, at his late residence. 1198
Stanyan street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HARBOUR— In Alameda, October 25, 1898,
Theodora, beloved wife of J. H. Harbour,
daughter of Mrs. A. and the late Adolph
Schroeder. and sister of Mrs. R. Semler. Mrs.
E. Holslnger and Teny, Adolph, Ernst and
Alma Schroeder, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years 8 months and 6 days.
(C?"Friend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, at
1609 Railroad avenue, Alameda. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HILLMAN— In this city. October 25, ISSB, Abi-
gail, relict of the late Isaac Hillman. beloved
mother of Mrs. George W. Studley, Mrp.
Henry Z. Jones. Mrs. Charles E. Burton and
Mr. John R. Hillman, and sister of Mrs. Rob-
ert McElroy, a native of New York, aged
76 years 8 months and. 7 clays.
[CfyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from Central M. E.
Church, Mission street, near Sixth. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
HOFFMANN— this city, October 25, 1898.
John Hoffmann, a native of Germany, aged
40 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 223 McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MATHEWSON— In this city. October 26. 1898.
Lillle D. Mathewson, aired 36 years.
MEYERSTEIN— Los Angeles, October 26,
IS9B, Henry, beloved husband of Fannie Mey-
erstein, and brother of Lewis Meyersteln of
San Francisco.
MACK— In this city, October 26, 189S, Eva,
dearly beloved wife of Albert Mack, and sis-
ter of Edith, Nellie. May and Joseph Makow-
sky, a native of -Natycook, Pa., aged 25
years and 10 months. (Pennsylvania papers
please copy.)
IC"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.'
MOSS— In Los Gatos, October 25, 1898. James
W. Moss, half brother of Mrs. D. E. Craig,
a native of Missouri, aged '57 ' years.
MURPHY— the City and County Hospital,
October 26, IS9B, John Richard Murphy, a
native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
NEALON— In this city, October 26, IS9S, James,
beloved husbandof the late Mary Nealon, and
father of Mrs. M. Burke, Mrs. R. J. Ropers.
Mrs. G. Herget and Maggie, Michael, James
. and Jphn Nealon, a native of the parish of
Gort, County Galway, Ireland, aged 65 years.
OVEN— In this city. October 26, 189S, John A.,
beloved son of Auguste T. and the late Soren
C. Oyen, brother of Christian G. Oyen, Mrs.
R. H. Salomon. Mrs. John A. Johnson . and
Josephine. Emily M. and Nettie M. Oyen, a
native of California, aged 24 years 7 months
and 20 days.
PROCTOR— In Oakland, October 26. 1898,
George Proctor, husband of Sarah Proctor,
and father of Charles Proctor and Mrs. Belle
Wakeman, a native of New Hampshire, aged
66 years 5 months and 6 days.
RODDEN— this city, October 26, IS9S, Ed-
ward Joseph, dearly beloved son of Cornelius
and Annie Rodden. and brother of Thomas
J. and Annie Redden, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 7 months and 19 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 720 Natoma street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SALMON— In this city. October 25, 189 S. Jo-
seph Spencer, beloved . husband of P. K. R.
Salmon, and father of William S. and Beaty
Salmon, a native of Stuvenvllle, • Ohio, . aged
61 years. (Stuvenvllle, Napa and Sacramento
papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late rest?
dence. 127 Ellis street. Interment Laurel Hin
Cemetery. l ' :-
SMITH— In this city, October 26, 189S, Margaret,
beloved daughter of Elizabeth Smith, an:?
sister of John; J., James A. and Robert E.
Smith and Louise Owens, a native of County
Monaghan. : Ireland, aged 43 years.
VAN COURT— In Oakland, October 28. IS9S,
John Warren, husband of Elizabeth A. Van
Court, and father of Eugene S. and De Witt
-C. Van Court and Mrs. William Smith, a
native of New York, aged 72 years 1 month
and 28 days. (Buffalo, Newark, N. J., and
. New York papers please copy.) ■; . . -
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect- •
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, lSi£ Harrison street. Oakland. Inter-
ment strictly ; private. " ,
VOGEL— At his residence, 1819 Mason street,
October 26. 1898, John, beloved husband of
Caroline Vogel,- and - brother, of Mrs. > Mar-
garethe Sagou, a native of Bavaria, aged 63
years 3 months and 23 days. A member of
Vereln •Elntraeht.- : .■"■■" • •
IC Notice of funeral hereafter.
I- AtcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS St EMBALJiBRSB >
120 WITH 8T.,";'epj..1ii8»»188e1»»!....;.: 1
- - Telephone. J^y^^S^^. j. Ll i."_
H. f*. MAASS,
- Undertaker and Embalmoi*.
Everything Requisite f or = First-Class Funeral*
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone Bouth 873. ; 917 Mission Street.
1314
BARON HIMFFSCH
CALLED "COME,"
AND SHE WENT
Miss Bouton Goes to
New York.
HER HAWAIIAN TRIP STOPPED
HAD EVERYTHING READY TO
SAIL ON THE CHINA.
Dr. Anderson Says New York's Cli
mate Will Kill the Actress.
Nevertheless She Obeyed
the Baron.
Madeleine Bouton has gone. The
charming young aotress left <>n the over
land train last night in obedience to a
peremptory telegram from her fiance.
Miss Bouton has been 111— seriously 111—
and when she began to recover somewhat
the desire for a change of air came over
her. San Francisco, she declared, was no
place for a convalescent, and she thought
a trip tv New York wouid do her Kood.
Dr. Winslow Anderson, her physician,
threw up his hands in horror at the
thought, and said "You go to New York
and you are a dead woman."
Now Miss Bouton did not like the idea
of dying, so she gave up the idea of go-
Ing to New York.
About this time Colonel George Macfar-
I'd.ne and several friends of Miss Koutoii
arrived from Hawaii. They insisted upon
a trip to Honolulu and said there was no
place like the Paradise of the Pacific for
building- up a broken down constitution.
iliss Bouton was charmed with the idea
and Dr. Anderson gave his consent.
Madeleine was delighted and wired her
fiance of her intended journey. "If you
are well enough to go to the "islands you
are well enough to come here," wired
back Baron Nimptseh In reply.
Miss liduton at once wired back that
the doctor said a journey across the con
tinent meant death. Then the Baron re
lented a little and sent back, "You can
g-o if you got a proper chaperon." The
chaperon was found, the Baron was sat
isfied, berths were secured on the steamer
China, trunks were packed and the hack
ordered to take the party to the M.'.il
dock, when a telegram from the Baron
arrived saying, in effect, that the Baron
wanted his fiancee to come East at once, i
climate or no climate.
The journey to the Paradise of the Paci- I
flc was dropped then and there, and that
was why the China sailed without Made
leine Bouton. She saw Dr. Anderson. I
again, and he reiterated his former state
ment, and Miss Bouton again wired the
Baron. Telegrams flew back and forth
all of last Wednesday and all Wedn<
night, and in the morning Miss Bouton
had decided to go back to New <irk in
spite of the doctor's warning. "I dread
this railroad trip," were the last words
she said as the train drew out of the Oak- !
land mole last night. She Is, however, !
buoyed up with the hope that as soon as i
the marriage takes place the Baron will j
take her to Italy to recuperate.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
NOTES ON THE
ACTOR WORLD
Ban Francisco's first Ibsen performance
will take place In the Baldwin Theater
a week from Friday afternoon, when
Blanche Bates and the Frawley Company
will present "A Doll's House, " Miss Bates
playing Nora. In the meantime the
Frawleys are doing well with the "Pris
oner of Zenda," which continues all week
Next w«fk is the Frawleys' farewell, dur
ing which they will play "The Transit
of I>-o."
The engagement of Mathews and Bul
ger at the Columbia concludes with the
Sunday night performance. A touring
company opens Monday in Grundy's fa
mous play, "Sowing the Wind."
"The Span of Life" plays the week out
at the California, giving place to Gilmore
and Leonard's company in "Hogan's Al
ley," a dramatization of the Yellow Kid.
"May Blossom" runs only this week at
the Alcazar. The new bill is "Ambition "
a play written for Nat Goodwin by Henry
Guy Carleton.
"AVhere's Matilda is still making out
the week at the Comedy, with Marie
Winson in the part left vacant by Clara j
Thropp. Henderson's company opens !
Monday in Sardou's "A Scrap of Paper," '
changing the bill Thursday night to "The I
Crust of Society."
"Girofle-Girofla" is the attractive piece
at the Tivoli, to be followed on Monday
by "The Grand Duchess," another classic
of comic opera.
"The Streets of New York" furnishes
the excitement this week at Morosco's.
The Orpheum is attracting the usual
crowd with the usually strong vaudeville
bill.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
ECZEMX
Made Baby Kick and Scream.
Had to Wrap Her Hands
and Put Her on the Table
to Dress. Would Tear Her
Face and Arms Almost to
Pieces. Grew Worse Under
All Remedies.
CUTICUBA CURED HER
■When my little girl was six mouths old,
ehe bad Eczema. We had used cold creams
and all kinds of remedies, but nothing did
her any good ; in fact she kept getting worse.
I used to wrap her hands up, and when I
•would dress her, I had to put her on the table,
for I could not hold her. She would kick and
scream, and, when she could, she would tear
her face and arms almost to pieces.
I used four boxes of Cutioora (ointment),
two cakes of CuncokA Soap, and gave her
the Cuticdra Resolvent and she was cured,
and I see no traces of the humor left. I can
truthfully say that they have saved her life, and
any one suffering as she did, I should advise
them to give Cuticura a fair trial.
Feb. 7."98.. "98. Mrs. G.A.CONRAD, Lisbon, N.H.
Remedies are the greatest akin
cares, blood purifiers, and humor remedies of
the civilized w6rld.
StrEP FOB Ski»-To*tcrbd Babies AID Rx3X fob
Tirkd Moraine in • warm bath with Ccticvra Soap,
asda single application of Ccticl-ba [ointment], greatest
of emollients and skin cures.
' This treatment will give Instant relief, permit rest fct
parent and deep for child, and point to a •peed;', perma-
nent, sad economical cure of the raoet nurturing, disfig-
uring, and hnmllUtlDß of itching, banting, blreClng,
tcaljr, pimply, and ernittd *ktn and «;a)p human with
lose of hair, when all eliefclU. .gg - : •-. fj\
Sold throughout the world, torn* Daro a«d C««m.
Conp., 6ol« Propt , Bottom. „ _
sir* " £U>v to Cups Torturing BeKJaa," mafled £rte>
TWO KANSAS 1
BATTALIONS
Un I InLlUliu
SAIL TO-DAY
Go Aboard the Indiana
This Morning.
THE OHIO SAILS TO-MORROW
TO CARRY REMAINDER OF THE
WASHINGTON REGIMENT.
The Zealandia, Pennsylvania, New
port and One Other Transport
Will Take the Remain
ing Troops. '
The transport Indiana will sail this aft
ernoon for Manila with the First and
Second Battalions of the Twentieth Kan
sas. These .troops will go aboard this
morning. The two battalions will leave
the Presidio just as soon as the tents are
dry enough to be packed. Colonel Funs
ton will be in command, and he will be
accompanied by his field and staff. The
only headquarters officer who will re
main for the present will be Lieutenant
Colonel Little, who commands the Third
Battalion. To-morrow morning the First
and Third Battalions of the First Wasb
i ington Regiment, which are now quar
tered at the Presidio, where they have
been doing- garrison duty, will go on
board the Ohio. This transport will sail
to-morrow afternoon. The departure of
i the Washington battalions will bring in
! from Fort Point the companies of the
Kighth California Regiment now en
camped there. These troops will perform
the garrison duty of the post.
After the departure of the Ohio there
will remain of the expeditionary forces
only the Third Battalion of the Kansas
Regiment, the Fifty-first lowa Regiment,
the Tennessee Regiment, a small detach
ment of the California Heavy Artillery
and General Marcus P. Miller, his staff
and headquarters. To carry these the
Government has at its disposal the trans
ports Zealandia. Pennsylvania and N. .v
port. These three vessels, with one other
yet to be selected, will be sufficient to
take away these troops. It is thought
that the last of the Eighth Army Corps
will be gone before the middle of next
month. At department headquarters yes
terday nothing could be learned to con
firm the report published in the Chronicl
that the Wyoming Light Battery and th
troops of Nevada Cavalry had been in
eluded in the expeditionary forces. N
orders have been received for these troop
to go to Manila.
Leave of absence for one month, upo
a surgeon's certificate of disability, ha
been granted to First Lieutenant Clar
fine G. Bunker of the Thirteenth Minne
sota Regiment by the department com
mander.
Captain Danes of the Third Artillor>
has been designated for the duty of mus
tering out the men of the First Tennesse
Regiment, who have been ordered to b
discharged. The work of mustering ou
these men will begin to-day.
Major F. C. Lord, additional paymaster
has been ordered to proceed to Carson
City, Nevada, for payment of the Firs
Battalion Nevada Infantry Volunteers on
muster out rolls. When this duty has
been completed he will return here.
GRAND JURY MAY
INDICT MRS. BOTKIN
HEE CASE WILL BE TAKEN UP
TO-DAY.
Chief Lees Hopes to Take His Pris
oner to Delaware for Break
ing Postal Laws.
The Grand Jury will convene this af
ternoon and upon the suggestion of As
sistant District Attorney Hosmer will
Investigate the case of Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kin with the object of finding an indict
ment aguinst her upon the charge of
murdering Mrs. John P. Dunning.
The Grand Jury's action in the matter j
will be solely upon the suggestion of Mr.
Hosmer. Chief Lees and Detective •Mc-
Vey have cut loose from the District
Attorney's end of the prosecution and
are lending their energies to no scheme
that has not for its object the removal
of Mrs. Botkin to Delaware for trial.
With this in view Lees has resorted to
j the United States postal laws in the hope
! that there he may iind some charge upon
i which Mrs. Botkin may be arrested and
i taken back to Delaware. Once in the
jurisdiction of that State, he argues, the
' postal charge could be dismissed and the
I original charge of murdering Mrs. Dun-
I Ding could be substituted.
Under section 327 the Federal statute
j makes it a misdemeanor, punishable by
: a fine, to include any writing in mail
i matter of the fourth class. The statute
i is part of the act of Congress of March,
| 1H79. The statute also provides that a
violation may be prosecuted either at the
I place where the package was mailed or
at the place of its destination.
It will be remembered that the box
of candy which was sent to Mrs. Dun
ning also carried a note, alleged to have
been in the handwriting of Mrs. Botkin,
with the phrase "With love to yourself
and baby, Mrs. C." written in it. As a
box of candy Is classed as mail matter
of the fourth class the laws pertaining I
to such were clearly broken, according ;
to the provisions of the statute.
To this statute there are two drawbacks
that render it of no potency. The first 1b
that the Supreme Court has time and
again reversed decisions that were gained
by just Buch uses of the Government's
processes. If Mrs. Botkin were arrested
in this Jurisdiction upon a misdemeanor
charge on a Federal court warrant and I
taken back to Delaware for trial the I
fraud would immediately become appar
ent if the charge were dismissed and she '
rearrested for murder. By writ of habeas
corpus she could regain her liberty upon
that showing, according to the decisions i
of the Supreme Court.
The second weakness of the statute is j
that it provides for trial In either place
the package is mailed or the place where
It is received. In cases of this sort, where
the alternative trial is provided for, the
State in which the arrest is made has a '■
prior right over the prisoner, and it has !
never been decldedthat any prosecuting !
officer has the right under the law to i
waive the rights or his State.
FRANK LESLIE'S POPULAR MONTHLY, 10 CENTS.
Immensely Improved. Superbly illustrated. Price
cut to 10 cent*. Buy a copy to-day. Edition
limited.
Pearl Ladd Concert.
Pearl Ladd, the gifted child pianiste,
elocutionist and danseuse, will give a re
cital this evening and Saturday matinee
at Sherman & Clay Hall.
Little Pearl Is but 14 years old, but her I
recitals, of which she has already given !
four, are of so high an order of merit j
that they -would do credit to a much j
older performer.
The programmes for each of the an
nounced recitals are varied, embracing !
classical musical selections and extracts j
from the great poets. A feature of the
programme- will be the balcony scene
from Juliet.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
Policeman Kenville Held.
The preliminary examination of Police
man Kenvllle on the charge of assault to
murder, in throwing his club and striking
the boy Willie Lynch on the head, was
concluded before Judge Mogun yesterday.
The Judge held Kenvllle to answer before
the Superior Court in $2000 bonds, but re
duced the charge to assault with a deadly
weapon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1898.
HUNDREDS LOOK ON AT A DROWNING.
John Owens, a Driver for the Gayer Dairy, and His Horse and Wagon, Went
Overboard From Jackson Street Wharf and Both Man and Animal Lost
Their Lives.
A FATALITY that might have been averted occurred at Jackeon-street wnarf yesterday. A young man drowned
1n full view of a hundred men, each one of whom was telling the other to "go to his assistance." John Owens,
a driver for the Gayer Dairy, 1212 Ellis street, went down to Jackson-street wharf to look for a load of milk.
When he got to the end of the pier he found It crowded with wagons, and attempted to turn and go back.
Martin Picken, who was working close by, told him he could not turn in the space and warned him that both horse
and wagon would go into the bay. The- only answer he got was to mind his own business. Owens made another at
tempt, and in a moment man, horse and wagon were overboard.
Near where Owens was trying to turn his wagon there was an open chute, used by the small river steamers
while loading. In turning, the horae got its forefeet on the incline, and in a moment all was over. The horrified by
standers called upon Owens to jump, but his presence of mind was gone, and he did not move. As the wagon followed
the horse into the bay It turned over, and in doing so Owens must have been struck, for when he came to the surface
he only made a feeble effort to swim. He rose and sank three times, while the onlookers did nothing but shout'at each
other.
Xo one was willing to get his ciothes wet In an effort to save a fellow-creature, but one man called out, "Go and
get Frank Dezalla; he's the best swimmer on the front." Frank wan working on the wharf and was brought to the
scene In a hurry. He at once began disrobing, but as he was taking his last shoe off Owens went down for the last
time. Shortly afterward boatmen with grappling-irons were at. work, and the body was recovered and removed to the
Morgue. Then the horse and wagon were brought to the surface. The harness was taken off the dead animal and it
was allowed to drift out with the tide, while the wagon and harness were hoisted to the wharf.
THE CRUISER
PHILADELPHIA
IS LEAKING
Will Drydock for an
Overhauling.
WAS BOOKED FOR SAMOA
SHE WILL NOW GO TO THE NAVY
YARD INSTEAD.
British Ship Glenericht That Was in
Collision With the Balmoral
Will Probably Be Con
demned.
The cruiser Philadelphia will not go to
sea for some mouths to come. Instead of
starting away under sealed orders for
Samoa she will go to the navy yard to be
thoroughly overhauled and have several
leaks that are now causing trouble
stopped. In order to do this she will have
her coal and ballast removed and will
then be put on the dry dock. One or two
of the plates will have to be fixed up,
perhaps removed, and the hawse pipes
wili have to be looked to, as they take in
water during heavy weather.
Th© Philadelphia arrived here from
Honolulu on October 14, 1897, after a long
term of service- In the southern seas. At
that time she was booked for a thorough
overhauling and in consequence her crew
was drafted into other ships and she was
dismantled. Then came the war with
Spain, and the work of getting the cruiser
ready for sea was begun and rushed to
a completion. By the time she was ready
to go into commission the war was prac
tically over, so she was sent to Honolulu
with Admiral Miller to hoist the stars
and stripes over Hawaii. She left here
on July 27 and returned again on the Bth
inst.
During this voyage it was found that in
heavy weather the Philadelphia made
water and the steam pumps had to be
brought into service to keep her clear.
The leaks are not serious but still they
are bad enough to make it unwise to send
the big warship on a cruise in the south
err; seas without an overhauling. When
the orders came to coal ship and get
ready for sea, therefore, the facts of the
case were laid before the authorities at
Washington. The orders were at once re
scinded and the cruiser will go to Mare
Island to-morrow. About 150 tons of coal
has been taken into her bunkers, but
this will probably all be used up in keep
ing steam on the donkey boilers and sup
plying the launches before the Philadel
phia goes on the drydook. The chances
tire now that the gunboat Wheeling will
be sent to Samoa or on whatever mission
the Philadelphia was to have sailed.
The steamer Greenwood, which started
on her usual coasting trip last Tuesday,
had to return to port yesterday on ac
count of having broken a crank pin.
The British ships Balmoral and Mada
gascar raced here from Swansea and the
latter won by a few hours, owing to a
streak of luck and a light breeze. The
British 9hip Falls of Halladale and the
Italian ship Macdiarmid also raced herG
from Hull, and while the Macdiarmid
reached port yesterday the Falls of Hal
ladale is still 300 miles off shore. There
was a big difference in the sailing time
of the two races, as the Madagascar-Bal
moral event only occupied 135 days, while
the Macdiarmid was 153 days getting
here. The Falls of Halladale has prob
ably been within sight of the Farallones
for a couple of days and yet it may be
another day or two before she gets in.
The steamer Sausalito broke down on
one of her morning trips and the San
Rafael had to take her place. A link in
the steering gear broke and caused the
withdrawal or the ferry boat for one
round trip.
The German bark Henry Hackfeld
which left here 166 days ago for England,
has not been heard from and 5 guineas
per cent reinsurance is being paid on her.
She was built in 1865 and was formerly
the bark British Nation, The British ship
Lauralbank Is now out 55 days from
Shanghai for Astoria and 15 per cent re
insurance is being paid on her, while 85
per cent is being paid on the American
ship David Morgan, now out 213 days from
New York for Nagasaki.
The British ship Glenericht, which was
in collision off the Horn with the Bal
moral, is still at Montevideo. No repairs
have been made on her and she is to be
condemned if the special agent sent out
by the underwriters cannot arrange a
purchase. Captain Davies of the Glene
richt was so certain that his wife was
cafe o-n the Balmoral that he sent his
elster here to meet the ship. She was
broken-hearted when she heard that Mrs.
Davies lost her life in the collision.
A STEAMER SEIZED.
Lieutenant Butt and the Revenue
Cutter Took Possession of a
Rebellious Craft.
The steamer Laurada, the old Havana
blockade runner, created some excitement
on the city front yesterday afternoon.
At 2 o'clock Deputy United States Mar
shal Littlefield went on buard the steamer
with the papers in the libel suit of F. E.
Mathieson to recover $110 and a few odd
cents for pilot fees. Littlefield served the
papers in clue form and placed J. W. Dur
kin in charge as keeper. Captain Fisher
said he didn't care a darning needle for
the writs, that the steamer was already
in the hands of a receiver and that as
soon as he could discharge her cargo of
wheat he would pull up anchor without
waiting to heft it and skip out for Port
land.
Littlefleld reported the rebellion of the
captain to Marshal Shine and the rosult
was that Collector Jackson ordered Navi
gator Butt to prevent the Laurada from
leaving port. The navigator drew the
revenue cutter alongside the Laurada and
boarded her in all the pomp and panoply
of war. declaring that he would put a
bullet through the carcass of any one
who would attempt to defy the Govern
ment. Deputy Marshals Farish and Mof
ntt came to the rescue with revolvers and
handcuffs. When the captain reappeared
after a temporary absence, the matter of
the receiver was explained and it was
found that the attorneys had made a mis
take. Lieutenant Butt was withdrawn
from the bloodless contest of words and
the Laurada was allowed to start for
Portland.
NEW RAILROAD LINE STARTED.
Work Commenced on the San Bruno
Road Branch of the Folsom-
Street Une.
Chief Constructor H. H. Lynch of the
Market Street Railroad Company made a
start yesterday morning: on the San Bru
no road branch of thn Folsom street elec
tric car line. At 8 o'clock 100 men with
necessary teams congregated at the junc
tion of Army street and Precita avenue
and at once broke ground for the branch
line that will, when complete, connect the
people of the San Bruno road with the
city proper by means of a direct electric
car service. The proposed line will con
nect with Folsom street at Precita ave
nue and Folsom street and continue along
Precita avenue to Army street, running
along that thoroughfare until the San
Bruno road is met, when the line
will continue along that roadway as far
as the terminus of the present horsecar
service, returning over the same route
until Army street is reached, when the
line will continue along that street until
Folsom street Is met, where connections
will be established and the line continued
direct to the ferries. It is the present in
tention of Superintendent Vinfng to have
a ten-minute service from Folsom and
Precita avenue over the San Bruno road
line. The cars for this new addition to
the Market street system will run along
Precita avenue to San Bruno road return
ing over Army street, thus tapping Pre
cita Valley on both sides from Fol6om
street eaat to Army.
The addition of this Hne will be appre
ciated by the people living on the line of
the San Bruno road, as under tho present
system of travel, the horsecar, it requires
about one hour and a half to reach the
business portion of the city from the car
terminus, and as for a night trip into the
city it is an impossibility, as the last car
out leaves Twenty-fourth street and Po
trero avenue at 10 o'clock at night.
■ JILICE RIX writes about
The Democratic Candidates
LN .NEXT SUNDAY'S CJILL.
In the Divorce Courts.
Minnie M. Styche has been granted a
divorce from Arthur J. Styche on the
ground of desertion. Decrees of divorce
on the ground of desertion have also been
granted Schuyler C. Mitchell from Letty
M. Mitchell and John H. Dolan from
Kate Dolan. Kliza J. Robinson has sued
William J. Robinson for a divorce, alleg
ing cruelty as a cause of action. Suits
for divorce on the ground of failure to
provide have been filed by Anna Walkers
apalnst Conrad Walkers, Isabella Cook
against Inrod Cook and Myrah F. Evans
against Edwin W. Evans. Elizabeth
Brodie asks for a divorce from Francis
Brodie on the ground of cruelty.
Pullman Car Case Postponed.
The meeting of the Railroad Commis
sioners yesterday afternoon, William R.
Clark presiding, resulted in little but the
transaction of routine business. At the
request (by wire) of Commissioner La j
Rue, the case of the Pullman Palace Car !
| Company, which has been subponaed to i
; make an exhibit of Its affairs before the
i board, was postponed until the next meet-
I ing, to be held on November 10.
The fao-aimil« y^ SffAj /^ to on every "***?&*
signature of (Jum//z^^S^ <& CASTOEIA.
BONDSMEN OF
SCHOOL BOARD
TO BE SOED
Grand Jury Decides
on a Plan.
WILL PUSH A CIVIL CASE
ONE JUROR IS TO ACT FOR THE
CITY.
Suit to Recover the Money Over-
Expended by the Board of Edu
cation During the Present
Year.
The chances are that the members of
the School Board will be treated to a dis
agreeable surprise within a few days. It
is the present intention of the Grand Jury
to take radical action looking to the
speedy recovery from the bondsmen of
the School Trustees of the amount of
money over-expended by the Board of
Education so far during the present fiscal
year. The Grand Jury construes the law
to forbid, under the one-twelfth limita
tion act, a mass of expenses which have
been piled up recently aggregating close
on to $100,000, if not more. It is the con
tention of the jury that the board had
no right to pay last year salaries of
teachers during the present year, as was
done, nor had it the right to pile up heavy
expense bills for furnishing Mission High
School, without having the funds on hand
to pay for the same.
The plan of operation proposed by the
Grand Jury is novel. Citations will at
once be sent to various members of the
School Board and creditors of the board,
directing them to appear and testify con
cerning the unpaid accounts. As soon as
it is legally ascertained that the Board
of Education is in debt over and above
the lawful amount allowed by the one
twelfth act, the jury will appoint one of
its members as a private citizen and tax
payer, to institute proceedings in the
courts against the bondsmen of the School
Directors, to recover the full amount
Prior to taking this step the Grand
Jury will report its findings of misman
agement of the school funds to Judge
Belcher, expecting to receive from him
the advice to go ahead and prosecute the
bondsmen. This idea is an outgrowth of
the Judge's recent action advising the
Jury to enter the Police Court and prose
cute the school lumber thieves, if it could
not indict them for trial in the Superior
Court. In the present case the Grand
Jury does not see its way clear to in
dict the members of the board for over
expending money but it does see how to
reach them legally through their bonds-
men.
The probabilities are that Chairman Ir
ving, of the Grand Jury's committee on
schools, will 'be the agent deputized to
act in bringing the suit. The fact that
this policy has been determined upon
comes from unquestionable sources. The
Botkin murder case, which comes before
the jury this afternoon, will first be dis
posed of, and then the action proposed
against the School Board will be taken
up.
After the school cases are finished the
Grand Jury will consider the alleged for
geries in connection with the election peti
tion of the United Labor party. Then the
Supervisors' gas contract will be taken
up, and other matters pertaining to tnat
| Board will receive careful attention. From
, evidence now in possession of the commit
! tee on Mayor, City Hall Commission and
Board of Supervisors, it is believed that
j a hot roast and several Indictments will
j be served up at the same time.
Surrendered Themselves.
Edward D. Swift, lumber merchant, and
John J. O'Brien, Inspector of Schools,
who were indicted by the Grand Jury on
a charge of defrauding the city of money,
surrendered themselves at the City-
Prison yesterday morning and were re
leased on $5000 bonds.
Old Friends' Jinks.
The Society of Old Friends has, through
its committee on entertainment, arranged
for a high jinks and smoker to be given
next Wednesday night in Washington
Hall. One of the features of the evpninr
will be a minstrel show under the direc
tion of T. Tregellas.
NO CLEW TO
THE MISSING
STANFORD MAN
Goetz's Whereabouts
a Mystery.
DID HE GO TO MEET A MAN?
LEFT HIS VALUABLES ' WITH
MBS. CLARK.
The Missing Man Was Working His
Way Through College and
Was in His Junior
Year.
Mystery still surrounds the sudden dis-
appearance of Adolph Goetz, the Stan
ford man. The friends of the missing
student have made every effort to locate
him and have called to their aid the Ala
meda police.
Up to last evening no clew had been
obtained as to his whereabouts and the
case remains shrouded in the deepest
mystery. Mrs. A. H. Clark, 1417 Sherman
street, Alameda, was the last person, so
far as is known, to see Goetz. The lady is
filled with alarm for the safety of her
friend, and is positive that the young
man must be either dead or so situated
that he is unable to communicate with
her, otherwise Mrs. Clark is positive the
student would certainly let her know
as to his safety and his whereabouts.
"Goetz is a remarkably frugal young
man," said Mrs. Clark yesterday, "and
so far as hia friends know had neither
bad habits nor vices. He was working
his way through college and was in his
third — the junior year. So far as I know
he had no enemies. He had but few
lady friends; in fact, he was rather diffl
[ dent in seeking the society of young
i women. He came to see me on Saturday
I evening, arriving about 9 o'clock. We
i chatted for some time, and then Goetz,
suddenly alarmed at the lateness of the
hour, declared he must go to see a friend
I whom he had promised to meet on Park
I street any time between y and 12 o'clock.
J I remonstrated with him as to the late
ness of the hour, and advised him to let
the meeting go until the next morning.
He was obdurate, however, and said he
could not break the appointment. There
upon he left, promising to be back in less
than half an hour."
A peculiar feature of the case is that
the missing man before he left the Clark
residence gave his watch and chain and
return ticket to Palo Alto to Mrs. Clark
for safekeeping. The placing of his val
uables in the possession of Mrs. Clark
came about so naturally that there was
nuthing in the transaction to arouse the
suspicions of the lady.
"Goetz showed me his watch," said Mrs.
Clark, "as he was very proud of it. He
said it had been given to him by the
King-Richardson Publishing Company of
San Joee as a reward for faithful serv
ice. Goetz during the summer vacation !
had been canvassing for the firm, and
the watch was their token of esteem for
the highly satisfactory way in which
» performed his duties. Goetz took
the watch for me to examine and
rward did not put it on, but let it
lie upon the table. It was the same way
with the ticket. He placed it quite casu~ j
ally beside the watch, where he also put
Rhite embroidered silk handkerchief—
ft from me to him last Christmas— a
which he recalled to my remem-
Mrs. Clark met Adolph Goetz three
years ago at Palo Alto when she was em
ployed down there in the students' res
taurant. After serving about three
months at the restaurant Mrs. Clark con
tinued at Palo Alto, attending lectures
at the university. The lady, who is a
widow and quite elderly, is now making
her living by doing seamstress work.
Goetz was in the habit of calling upon
Mrs. Clarke every two or three months
and usually remained from Saturday un
til Sunday, and sometimes until Monday.
When he called on Mrs. Clark on Satur
day he informed the lady that he had
been in San Francisco during the day
attending to business, the nature of which
he did not explain.
The missing student has no relatives In
these parts. His only brother, Christian
Goetz, is a member of the Fourteenth
Infantry, Company X, now serving In
Manila.
At Stanford Goetz has always been
known for the peculiarity of his habits.
He was always alone and seemed desi
rous of keeping entirely to himself. In
class he sat by himself, and so far as is
known he had no intimate friends here.
He was extremely poor, and lived by
himself in the "pigeon" house, a small
structure on the Mayfleld road. He did
not have the name among his professors
of being a bright student, but one who
got his work by dint of hard labor. To
secure funds to help himself along in col
lege he did housework in the families of
the professors. Before coming to Stan
ford Goetz was graduated from the West
Indiana Normal School, where he was
a student for three years.
Held for Criminal Assault.
Louis Vonnuccl, a bootblack, was yesterday
held by Judge Low to answer before the Su
perior Court on a charge of criminally assault
ing Ethel G. McCarthy, a girl 6 years of age,
at Ellis and Larkin Btr°<ns on October 17. His
bonds were fixed in $5000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' I iMjLjMIi M jLjMl~ J *^ <ove Is crowned triumphant
•itex^SW}/^. -jl*,. on^y i n the home
Vass? where a baby com-
fl/)2o[j^' ffi&lsz? P leteB tfa e tie
KSf T^Lfl^Kl A childUeYs
iwT^T^^^r^'i marriage can-
« i??i jIJJL I JwL" no be a happy
i ■Tji'T^L JV* 1 4 "the final tie of
i JOJ-+Tj^Vk "I , a baby to bind
!■ jkrv/W^JLj) (\ gether in mar-
! T^vTWp/OV \ riage for better
] fc^sJfc^^jfc \ ■or for worse.
~J I final tie a wedded couple
I x^^^^^ J>_ lack the indissoluble In-
—q?' tercst. that makes daily,
self-sacrifice not only a
possibility, but a pleasure.
There are to-day thousands of homes all
i over the country that were once childless
j and unhappy, but - that to-day echo with
the laughter of happy babyhood, as a re-
suit of a marvelous medicine, known as
i Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. This is
; the greatest of all medicines for women '
: who sufferer from weakness and disease of
the delicate and important organs that bear
i the burdens of maternity. It makes them
' healthy, strong, vigorous and elastic. It
makes them pure and virile. It allays in-
flammation, heals ulceration, soothes pain
and tones and builds up the shattered:
nerves. It banishes the discomforts of the
expectant period, and makes baby's com-
ing easy and almost painless. It insures |
the little new-comer's health, and a bounti- j
ful supply of nourishment. It transforms
weak, sickly, nervous invalids into happy, I
healthy mothers. .. An honest dealer will
toot urge an inferior substitute upon you.
'•''■ "I am now a happy mother of a fine healthy
baby girl," writes Mrs. F. B. Cannings, of No. .
43»0 Humphrey 9treet, St. Louis, Mo. "'Feel :
that your ' Favorite Prescription ' has done me.:
more good than anything I have ever taken.
Three months previous to my confinement I be-
gan using it. , I was only in labor forty-five min-
utes. With my. first baby I suffered 18 hours
then bad to lose him. He was very delicate aad
only lived la hours. For two years I suffered un-
told agony and had ' two . miscarriages. The '
' Favorite Prescription ' saved both my child i
and myself." ■c : ■ . ', ; . , . ' .; .>
Write to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. V.,
for a free letter of advice, and, enclose tl
one-cent stamps, to cover mailing only, for <
a paper - covered copy of the ; 'People's
Common Sense Medical Adviser;" or m;
r stamps for a cloth-bound copy. A whole :
medical library in one 1000-page volume.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIS JEEK.
_ SELECTED I
L_ LINES
. FROM OUR —
— LADIES' —
l_ UNDERWEAR —
AND —
— GLOVE —
I— 1 DEPARTMENTS. —
LADIES' UNDERWEAR
AND WAISTS.
3 At 15 Cents.
I LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL UN-
I DER SKIRTS, full width, fin-
i ished with colored borders; reg-
| ular 1 price 40c; will be placed on
J sale at 15c.
I At 25 Cents.
1 LADIES' FANCY STRIPED TEN-
| NIS FLANNEL SKIRTS, fin-
"4 ished with deep hem; regular
1 price 60c; will be placed on sale
a at 25c. ■- " ;
I At T5 Cents.
I LADIES' FINE QUALITY TEN-
f NIS FLANNEL NIGHT
£ GOWNS, full width, finished
f with turned-over collar and
; cuffs of plain flannel; regrular
price $1 00; will be placed on
! sale at 75c.
At ijTF.oo.
I LADIES' FINE ORGANDIE
•j SHIRT WAISTS, yoke back, in
| fancy stripes and figures; regu-
3 lar price $1 75 and $2 00; will be
:! placed on sale at $1 00.
I At $8.50.
I LADIES' HANDSOME BLACK
H SATIN SHIRT WAISTS, back
'', and front finished with fine
. tucks and side plaits: regular
i price $10 00; will be offered at
$8 50.
At $10.00.
I LADIES' FINE QUALITY SILK
WAISTS, handsomely trimmed
with tucks and black silk braid,
lined throughout; regular price
$11 50; will be offered at 510 00.
I SPECIAL IN GLOVES.
At 75c a Pair.
I Fifty dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP
''HARVARD " PRIME LAMB
I GLOVE; colors, red, brown, tan
green, navy, white, heliotrope
and black; regular value $1 00;
will be on special sale at 75c a
pair. (Every pair guaranteed
and fitted.)
I {/if Murphy Building:, 4
I Met and Jones Streets.
3 - DAY SPECIALS I
Only reliable goods
offered at our stores.
Creamery Butter, square - — 40c
Sweet Cider, gallon - ------ 50c
Our new apple elder
has just arrived and la
perfectly delicious.
Granulated Sugar, 18 lbs - - - - $1.00
Best quality cane sugar.
Whisky, 75c, 3 Dots. $2.00
fisky, 75c, gallon ■- $3.00
gallon $3.00
E. C. Berry, spring 1 '90.
Regular price, $1 and $4.
New Orleans Molasses, gallon — 750
(ew Orleans Molasses, gallon - - • 750
Latest crop; exquisite flavor.
Regular price. $1.
Toilet Soap, box of 3 cakes - - - - 10c
Royal brand, made by an
old English process.
»old Ensllsh process.
Regular price 25c.
Catalogue free. Mall orders solicited .
21 STOCKTON ST., j 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. I Telephone West 152.
88 88 S3 82 82 83 82 8 82 82 82 83 81
88 CASH OR LITTLE- AT-A-TIME. 88
• •*
§ THE HASTY BUYER %
88 Will always find Just what he -wants 23
o» in the House Furnishing Line 1£ - o»
*° he will only come to us. . *°
I THE PRUDENT BUYER: g
J$ The person who buys where they get £•
the most value for their money
SS . ALWAYS buys of us. ■ SS
88 We Can Satisfy Any Buyer- TRY US. SB
si J. NOON AN, c
SS Complete House-Furnisher. SS
88 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., 8S
.* . Above Sixth. .»
gj 'Phone South 14. : Open Evenings. »
88 88 888 8888888888828888888888888*2
iHUKNumT
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
■■- Special Ist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Ms-
eaMisot en only. > olc on Private Dlseaass and
JVealtneasesorMen.free. Over -Oy'iV experience,
f. - •?* cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hour« 3
toBdalljr:6:3otoB:3oev'*B. Sunday ,lotol* Consul-
tauoniree and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddraes
I>r;P.EOBC6E JIcSTUL.TY,
&€% Kearnj- St., Ban Francisco, CaL