VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 13.
CITIZEN JUDGES OF MRS. BOTKIN LISTEN
TO THE STORY OF THE DOVER TRAGEDIES
Relatives of the Murdered Women
Tell flow Death Entered
Their Home.
THE horrifying story of the mur
der of Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Dun
ning and Mrs. Ida Deane has been
told to the jury that is trying
Mrs. Cordelia Botkln for the
crime. The prosecution began the ac
tual presentation of evidence yesterday
morning, and before the day was trver
every Incident In the dreadful scheme
of assassination had been described.
Even the cold, dry formalism of the
law could not rob the recital of its
dramatic interest.
The host of listeners that crowded
the court room of Judge Cook followed
with eager, silent attention every de
tail of the plot of the poisoner as it
was presented in question and answer
by the officers and witnesses of the
State. A picture of the Pennington
household at Dover and the devasta
tion that the murderous impulse of
some fiend swept through it was drawn
slowly and clearly as each witness
came and went.
And when the day was over not one
word had been said to indicate who
the cruel assassin is. The prosecution
has not come to that development of
its proof, but is expected to do so to
day. It will now begin to present its
case against Mrs. Botkin to connect
her directly and maliciously with the
awful murders at Dover, and to de
mand of the Jury that her life be given
in exchange for those taken in murder.
The scene in the court room yester
day was most dramatic. As the rela
tives and friends of the murdered wo
men told in chapters the story of the
crime every eye was turned upon Mrs.
Botkin, who maintained a composure
that seemed almost to be unconcern.
It appeared to be a most unusual oc
currence that the prosecution should,
during the day, win its most import
ant point through a slip of the guarded
movements of the defense.
The prosecution will seek to demon-
strct- that the fieiui who mailed the
package of death to Mrs. Dunning also
wrote the anonymous letters which
that woman received more than a year
!>• fnre her d~ath. An effort will then
be made to prove that Mrs. Botkin ia
guilty of both acts. At the stage
reached yesterday in the proceedings
the prosecution could find no legal way
in which to connect the letters with the
package. John B. Pennington, the
father of the murdered woman, was on
the witness stand, and, sfls a matter of
fact, believed from a close comparison
that the letters and the address on the
package were written by the same per
son. The prosecution was not per
mitted to introduce this fact yesterday,
but the defense did so through a ques
tion asked in cross examination by At
torney Knight. This will relieve the
lawyers of the State of much prelimi
nary legal fencing in placing what they
believe to be the facts of the case be
fore the consideration of the jury.
The first witness for the prosecution
was Thomas M. Gooden, the postmaster
of Dover, Del. The introduction of
this witness as the first in the case
indicated the plan of the State to pre
sent the dreadful facts of the murder
of Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane in
chronological order. In a dry, legal,
halting way the recital of death was to
be made to the jury. The first witness
was nervous, excitable, emphatic. He
was sure of his ground and fretted un
der the cross examination of Attorney
Knight.
Gooden related on the witness stand
no fact that was not already known to
the public. He told the circumstances
under which the package of poisoned
candy reached Dover on August 9 of
this year. The prosecution, it was
evident, had determined to trace the
box of bonbons on its mission of death
from the moment it arrived in the mail
at Dover. This method of proof in
Itself excited interest. It was thought
that the facts and circumstances con
necting Mrs. Botkin with the purchase
and disposition of the box would first
be shown, but Assistant District At
torney Hosmer and Attorney General
White of Delaware preferred to estab
lish first the fact that a crime had been
committed and then to expose the per
petrator. This plan of procedure will
make the conduct of the trial excep
tionally dramatic.
Postmaster Gooden told how the
package, which he Identified on the
stand, came through the mail to Dover
and was placed, after the distribution
of the mail in the postbox of J. B.
Pennlngton. Attorney Knight badger
ed the witness, but did not break him
in his position. A tilt between Knight
•and Hosmer followed and then the
prosecuting officer proceeded to trace
the box of death into the Pennington
home.
The next link In the chain was sup
plied by Harry C. Pennington, nephew
of the murdered women. The boy told
how he took the package from the
postofflce and carried it to the home
of his aunt, where he was spending a
vacation. The young witness related
the incidents that followed, the opening
of the box, the eating of the sweet
meats, the subsequent sickness, suffer
ing and death, it was while this boy
ish witness was on the stand that the
defense indicated the first element of
its plans.
Even- effort will be made to interject
the single element of reasonable doubt
that will be sufficient to save Mrs Bot
k!n from conviction. In Knighfs
cross-examination of Harry Penning
ton and of every following witness of
The San Francisco Call
the day the most stubborn endeavor
was made to cloud the proof of the
prosecution that the murdered women
and their friends and family had par
taken of the candy and then had be
come dangerously ill.
Knight wished to know what the
WITNESSES FOR THE PROSECUTION TELLING THE STORY OF THE DOVER MURDERS.
THE Prosecutors of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin Made Substantial Progress Yesterday in the Presentation of Their Case Against the Accused Woman. The
Tragic Story of the Death of Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane Was Told in Dramatic Chapters by Men, Women and Children, Who Had Personal
Knowledge of the Events They Described. The Recital Was Given From the Moment the Package of Death Was Received at the Dover Postoffice
Until the Bodies of the Poisoner's Victims Were Interred.
Pennington family had eaten far din
ner that day of death. He demanded
to know where the food was purchased,
and who cooked it. As the lawyer pro-
gressed his cross-examination became
more insinuating. There might have
been a rebellious and dangerous ser
vant in the house ready to avenge
with murder a real or a fancied griev
ance. There might have been poison
in the cooking utensils; in the drinking
water. Knight was doing his best to
show that death under conditions that
existed at the Pennington home might
have been brought into the household
in a dozen different ways.
After young Pennington had told of
his terribje suffering after eating the
poisoned candy, he was released from
the witness stand, and was followed by
Leila Deane, his cousin, and the young
daughter of one of the murdered wo
men. The appearance of this child as
a witness gave a pathetic interest to
the trial. The girl was the first of sev
eral witnesses who appeared to tell
their sad story of death In their home.
The father of both murdered women,
the husband and daughter of one of
them and friends of both told to the
Jury the story of heartless murder that
shocked the continent. There was bit
terness in their voices, and even in
the attitude of the children a sternness
that meant the seeking of vengeance
for the guilty one. More than one
glance of hatred was sent from the
witness stand toward the woman who
is on trial for her life. The children
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
HARPER'S PETITION IN
THE SUPREME COURT
THE State Supreme Court has not yet officially considered the application made by "W. X Harper for a writ
of prohibition to prevent Judge Cook from continuing with the trial of Mrs. Botkin. Through some misun
derstanding in the office of the Clerk of the Supreme Court the application was not properly presented
before the tribunal, and could not therefore be orderly considered. This defect will be remedied this morning
by the attorney for Harper, whose petition will then be properly presented.
While the Supreme Justices have taken no official notice of the application, they considered it informally
at great length yesterday afternoon. The Justices have still to consider some of the points and authorities
raised by Harper's attorney, as the case is considered to be of far too great importance to be dismissed without
full deliberation. It is intimated, however, that Harper's petition will be denied. Such a decision would be of
vital import to the defenders of Mrs. 80-tkln.
watched her with a wondering: horror,
for they do not understand that accu
sation dc-Gs not always mean either
guilt or conviction.
When court adjourned for the day
the following witnesses for the State
had been examined: Thomas M.
Gooden, Postmaster of Dover; Harry
C. Pennington, nephew of the murder
ed women; Leila Deane, daughter of
Mrs. Deane; Miss Josephine Bateman,
friend of the family; Ethel Jane Mil
lington, friend of Lelia Deane; J. D.
Deane, husband of one of the murdered
women; John B. Pennington, father of
the murdered women. This aged wit
ness was still under cross-examination
when court adjourned for the day. The
trial will be resumed this morning.
The defense took • some encourage
ment from the testimony of Miss Bate
man, who established the fact, as far
as assertion may do so, that she ate
some of the poisoned candy and then
found crystals of arsenic in her mouth.
Miss Bateman was very sure that the
candy contained the poison. She had,
almost immediately after eating the
candy, suffered from arsenical poison-
Ing. The lady was quite as sure that
the poison was crystallized arsenic.
The defense seemed to consider this
assertion as of great importance to
Mrs. Botkin. The prosecution will In
troduce evidence, however, to show
that Mrs. Botkin purchased both pow
dered and crystallized arsenic and that
both forms of the drug were found In
the death-giving candy.
As the important results of the first
day of trial the prosecution has shown
that a double murder was committed at
Dover. It has been shown that friends
of the Penningtons, who did not dine
with them that night in August but
who did partake of the deadly candy,
suffered the same symptoms of sick
ness that reached a climax In the death
of Mrs. Deane and Mrs. Dunning.
There is now also legal testimony to
show the belief of the father of the
murdered women that the fiend who
mailed the package of candy from this
city sent also the anonymous letters a
year before to Mrs. Dunning.
The Morning Session.
When proceeding's commenced in the
morning all witnesses were excluded from
the room at the request of Attorney
Knight for Mrs. Botkin. The first witness
called was Thomas M. Qooden, Postmas
ter at Dover, Del. He was questioned by
Assistant District Attorney Hosmer as to
the 5:58 mall. This was from the north
and west and any mall from California
would arrive in that mail. He testified
that he placed a package In John B. Pen
nington's box. He described It as an ob
long package addressed to Mrs. John P.
Dunning. It was placed In Mr. Penning
ton's lock box. The witness was sure of
this, as he handled the box three times,
it being among the packages of mall that
were addressed to people in his district of
the city. He was shown the wrapper
which was taken from the box of candy
and identified it as the one which In
closed the poisoned candy.
Attorney Knight tried to get the wit
ness to tell how he identified this particu
lar box, when so many packages were
handled daily.
Under cross-examination by Attorney
Knight the witness testified that his at
tention was called to the wrapper on the
box, owing to the number of times he
handled it. He handled the mail for about
350 private boxes and no other large pack
age was received that day. No amount
of questioning could cause him to recall
any large package addressed to any one
else. He described minutely the manner
of handling packages of mail in the Do
ver Postomce. He unlocked the mail bag
when it was brought to the station and
the janitor spread the contents out on the
table. Three distributor* then took It in
hand and placed It in the various private
receptacles. Mr. Knight questioned him
so exhaustively on the matter of any
other large package being received that
Assistant District Attorney Hosmer ob
jected, and the representative of the de
fense finally let him go.
Harry C. Pennlngton, the sixteen-year
old nephew of the murdered women, was
the next witness called. Under the ques
tioning of Mr. Hosmer he told of the part
he played in the tragedy at Dover. It was
his custom nightly to go to the Postofflce
for mail for the family. In whose house he
was spending the summer. On the fateful
night in August he found some letters and
an oblong package in Mr. Pennington's
private box. The package was addressed
to Mrs. John P. Dunning, and he iden
tified the wrapper shown as being the one
around the box. He took it home and
gave it to his aunt, who was sitting on the
porch. It was examined first to determine
from whom it came. Mrs. Dunning opened
It and found it contained candy, a small
white handkerchief and a note "Love to
yourself and baby. Mrs. C." He identi
fied the chocolate as having been in the
box and told of the persons present who
partook of it. He ate some of the hard
pieces of candy and also some pepper
mints. After that he with other members
of the family took a walk and had no
symptoms of illness that night. The next
The Prosecution Makes Rapid Prog=
ress in the Presentation of
Its Case.
morning he had a headache, was vomiting
and had an unquenchable thirst. This
lasted for a day and a half, when he re
covered. He told of the death of Mrs.
Deane on Thursday and of Mrs. Dunning
on Friday night. He said that neither
Mr. Deane nor Mr. Pennington was ill.
He had not seen them eat any candy.
Mr. Knight took the witness in hand
for cross-examination and drew from him
that the house in which he lived at Dover
was a large roomy one. He could not
tell how many rooms it contained, 'me
housework was done by a colored woman
whose name he did not know, and she was
assisted by a colored man. He told of the
supper they ate on the night the canay
was received. It consisted chiefly of fish
and corn fritters. The former was not
canned, but he was not so sure about the
corn. He was asked if his grandfather
ever had any trouble with the colored
woman. Objection was raised to this and
sustained. He then went over the ground
as to getting the mail each evening. He
told of receiving the package of candy
and of taking it to Mrs. running. She
opened it and passed it around. They
wondered who sent? it, but were not able
tc determine. He took three lumps of
candy. Mrs. Pennington took one, but
imrntdiately spat it out. Baying it was
no good. The grandfather did not take
aiiy.
Plp l tie poison did not begin to affect him
until the next morning, when he had a
headache and vomiting. In answer to
a question he said he had not discussed
the symptoms of arsenical poisoning with
anybody. He said he moped around all
day, not knowing what was the matter
with him or with the others who were
ailing. No one told him what was tne
matter and he did not know. The taste
left in his mouth was different from that
left by other illnesses. But he was un
able to describe it. To a Juror he said
that he first felt ill about 7 o'clock in
the morning. He had eaten nothing after
supper but the candy, and did not feel
ill before going to bed.
Leila Deane. tne 14-year-old daughter of
one of the murdered women, was the next
witness to take the stand. She iaentifled
the wrapper as having inclosed the box
of candy, which she described. Upon re
ceipt of the box the members of the fam
ily on the porch of the Pennington house
tried to decipher the marks on the box
in order to determine whence It came. "I
read 'Francis,' " she said, "and that was
all X could make out. At the time we ud
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
not agree that it came from San Finn-
Cisco." Mr. Hosmer showed the jury
where the stamp was marked across the
face of the stamps. Miss Deane identified
the note shown her, but could not identify
the handkerchief, which she said, how
ever, looked like the one shown her by
the prosecuting officer.
' She took some of the hard candy and
then made a call, accompanied by her
mother. The next day she could not sit
up and remained in bed all day. The at
tention of the doctors was given entirely
to Mrs. Deane and Mrs. Dunning— they
did not prescribe for her at all. She did
not recover until Saturday. In the mean
time both her mother and her aunt suc
cumbed to the poison. Mr. Knight took
the witness and tried to draw from her
the information as to a possible quarrel
between her grandfather and Rosy, the
colored woman employed as cook. The
prosecution took exception to this and
the objection was sustained.
She explained that she felt ill when she
got up in the morning. She "was languid
and dizzy and wanted to lie down. She
had no burning pain in the stomach, in
fact no decided symptoms or pains, only
a desire to vomit. "To what did you at
tribute your illness?" asked Mr. Knight.
Objection was made to the question, but
not sustained, and the witness replied
that she had not thought about it. She
took no medicine. Her mother had told
Dr. Bishop that she (the mother) had
eaten heartily of corn fritters. She did
not know if he had asked whether they
were made from canned corn; neither did
she know of her own knowledge whether
it was canned. Drs. Bishop and Davis
had consulted over the cases In the house,
but she did not hear any discussion as
to arsenic until after her relatives had
died
The usual hour for adjournment for
luncheon had by this time arrived, and
Judge Cook asked the jurors Jf they
would be willing to extend their sessions
a half hour both morning and afternoon.
One juror opposed the extension of the
afternoon session, but it was finally
agreed to continue a half hour longer
each morning.
Miss Josephine Bateman was called. She
testified that she was passing the Pen
nlngton house and was called in and of
fered some of the candy which had just
arrived. Mrs. Dunning showed her the
box, which she said she thought came
from some friend in San Francisco. The
witness identified the wrapper and the
box shown her. She took but one piece of
candy and picked out a similar piece from
the box. It was a piece of cream choco
late with a pecan nut on it. After placing
it in her mouth she found three hard
lumps In it; took them from her mouth
and threw them on the street. She also
found a foreign substance on her gum,
and removed it. The next day the gum
was ulcerated, as were also her lips. She
felt ill that day and also the next day.
After throwing away the lumps she ate
the candy.
In her examination she adroitly dodged
a question which would have disclosed
her age. In doing so she said she was
born in Dover. Attorney Knight got at
the matter of age delicately by asking
how long she had been in Dover, and the
witness answered, "Since 1857." In answer
to Mr. Knight, she told of being called
into the Pennington house. There was a
discussion as to the writing on the pack
age, but Mrs. Dunning was not suspicious
as to the contents of the box. Witness
testified that she was surprised that a
friend would send a note written on such
a piece of paper. She thought either a
card would be used or else a whole sheet.
Witness, who is a teacher, is familiar
with chemistry, and has seen arsenic
since. She had learned what powdered
and what crystallized arsenic is. She said
she spat it out because it was of a gritty
nature and about the size of a pea. She
thought it was some imperfection in the
candy. It looked like rock salt. It was
firm and solid and would not dissolve.
The witness was excused and recess de
clared.
The Afternoon Session.
Upon rollcall at the opening- of the aft
ernoon session Jurors Heyman and Ken
nedy did not answer to their names. Mr.
Kennedy appeared shortly, but the court
room clock ticked off several minutes be
fore Mr. Heyman appeared. Judge Cook
watched the door with a look that boded
no good for the delinquent juror. He
finally appeared and before he could take
his seat the Judge stopped him. In sim
ple but sarcastic words he told him he
would have to set his watch by the court
room clock. He had been late at both
sessions of the court. If it occurred
again, the Judge eaid, he would order the
jury Into the custody of the Sheriff, who
keeps his watch right.
Kthel Jane Millington was the first wit
ness to take the stand. She resided near
the Penningtons and called on them the
evening the candy was received by Mrs.
Dunning. She took one piece of candy.
The witness Identified the box and the
candies as the ones she had seen In Do
ver that night in August. She was taken
111 the next day with nausea and could,
not get up. She identified the note and
the handkerchief as well as the wrapper
when shown them, yesterday. Turned
over to the tender mercies of Mr. Knight
she said in answer to questions that sh«
remembered looking at the stamps In
order to find out where the package came
from. The members of the family had
discussed It before she arrived on the
scene and they asked her if she could
make out the postmark. The matter was
discussed at length.
Miss Millington was accompanied on
her visit to the Pennington residence by
Ethel Clark. They took but one candy
each and after eating them spent the
evening at the house.
She telt no ill effects from the candy
that night, but the next day she was con
fined to her bed. She was dull and lan
guid, but there were no symptoms of
burning. On Thursday she was able to
leave her bed and had felt no- ill effects
from the poison after that. With this
explanation the witness was excused.
J. D. Deane, husband of one of the
dead women, was called next. He testi
fied that the fish served at the table the
night his wife was poisoned was fresh
and not canned and that the corn was
also fresh, having been picked from the
garden of the house that day. He was
not at home when the candy arrived and
he experienced no ill effects after taking
his supper. He returned home about 9
o'clock and found the members of his
family playing "parchesi." a game like
checkers. He retired and during the night
his wife was taken ill. She went from
one attack into another, each apparent
ly more severe than its predecessor. The
attacks continued all Wednesday night,
growing less on Thursday, when they
gradually ceased. Mrs. Deane remained
conscious, but took no interest in pass
ing events. She complained of pain and
of a terrible burning inside. She asked
to be fanned, as she was burning up with
the fire that seemed to be within her.
She continued this way until she died
Thursday afternoon.
The witness testified that his wife'i face
Continued on Fifth Face.2
BILL INTRODUCED
TO PURCHASE FULL
CANAL OWNERSHIP
Hepburn of lowa Favors Securing
Jurisdiction From Costa Rico
and Nicaragua.
Senator Morgan Speaks in Favor of Immediate Action!
by the United States Vest Opposes
Territorial Expansion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. Hepburn
of lowa introduced a bill authorizing the President to ac
quire by purchase from the States of Costa Rica and Nica
ragua full ownership, jurisdiction and sovereignty of such
land as may be desirable and necessary to construct and
defend a ship canal. The President is also directed to con
struct such canal, and the bill appropriates $140,000,000
to complete It.
WASHINGTON, Doc. 12.— Discussion
of two questions, each of importance
and interest at this session, was be
gun by the Senate at Us session to-day.
Territorial expansion and the construc
tion of the Nicaragua canal occupied
the attention of the body during the
greater part of the afternoon.
As soon as the routine morning busi
ness had been disposed of. Vest (D.) of
Missouri called up his resolution of
fered last week declaring It to be un
constitutional for this Government to
acquire foreign territory except for
coaling stations or some like purpose,
unless its intention was to confer
statehood upon the territory and citi
zenship upon its inhabitants. Vest de
clared that it was a basic principle of
this Government that "the powers of
the Government were derived from the
consent of the governed," and main
tained that the Federal Government
had no authority, either in morals or
ln the constitution, to go beyond that
principle. He held that the principle
had been sustained by the Supreme
Court in various decisions, and that no
public man of prominence or recog
nized tribunal had ever been reckless
enough to controvert it.
Morgan opened the debate on the ca
nal bill with a three hours' appeal for
action at this session. The whole
country, he said, would be disappoint
ed if Congress did not act. He was
willing to take any measure which
•would result in the building of the ca
nal. In the course of his remarks he
agreed to accept an amendment spe
cifically excepting the canal from neu
trality with regard to any country with
which the United States might be at
war.
Hoar and Hale presented resolution?
from citizens of their States remonstrat
ing against the extension of sovereignty
over the Philippine Islands and against
the acquisition of foreign territory with
out the consent of the people of sucn ter
ritory. The resolutions were referred to
tl»e Committee on Foreign Relations.
ivttigrew introduced a bill aurhorizing
M A. Bartlett to raise the oattloship
Mane and transport it to the Dniteu
States.
Hoar introduced the following resolu
tion:
That the Committee on Military Affairs be
Instructed to inquire and report a« soon as
may be whether some policy may .not be es
tablished by law by which soldiers In the
rejruhir army, who have families or parents de
pending on them for support, or whose educa
tion or opportunities for business will be seri
ously interfered with by longer continuance In
the military service, and who enlisted for the
■war, or under assurances that they would be
held only while the war lasted, may be prompt
ly discharged and their places, so far as neces
sary, be filled by new recruits.
Vest of Missouri then called up his reso
lution, offered last wer-k. declaring that
the f-onstitution confers no power on the
Federal Government to acquire territory
to be held and governed permanently as
colonies, and addressed the Senate
thereon. He did not propose, he said, to
do anything that would necessitate a
secret session, as he had no intention to
discuss any treaty now pending, or which
was to be proposed hereafter, but it
seemed to him peculiarly appropriate to
discuss the powers of the United States
Government under the constitution.
Vest thought it was the purpose of the
expansionists to adopt the European pol
icy of colonization, notwithstanding that
tho prlnicples of - thls Government were
the granting of citizenship to all within
the Jurisdiction of the Government, except
alone the Indians. In the act of cession
of the territory of Louisiana from
France to the United States is found a
provision that the Inhabitants, as soon ok
possible, shall be mad<> citizens of the
United States and the territory of Louisi
ana be made a State of the Union. So it
was. declared Vest, when Oregon was
taken from Great Britain and Alaska
from Russia.
"When, where, how," he asked, "have
we surendored the great idea that this Is
a confederation of States? I cannot ccn
ceive it to be possible to point out r.ny
other form of government under the con
stitution."
Vest maintained that the overwhelming
argument of the expansionists was that
the constitution applies alone to the
Delicate
Bohemian China
Tinted green center and green
and gold border. •- . Newest
shapes
Cake Trays, Salad Bowls ■
Cabarets, Salad Sets
* Tea, Coffee, Chocolate and
Moustache Cups
Fruit, Dessert, Bread and
Butter Plates, and every-
thing that's graceful -
Attractive prices
Great American Import'gTea Co,
86 1 Market, »j.P«ir«ll 705 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St. ■ .
218 Third M. 1819 Devlsadero St.
SO6 kearny St. -2008 Flllmore St.
146 Ninth St. 321 Montgomery Av.
2510 Mission St. 1 1 90 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. , 52 Market St. •
OAKLAND-STORES: ■ *
1053WasntnKtonM. 131 San Pablo Av«. V
•17 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St. .
•-. ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN RAFJL'SJ-— b St.. near Fourth.
Write tor Catalan
States of the Union. In favor of what
he termed "this monstrous proposition,"
he said the expanse. .ists quoted Daniel
i \\ ebster, for whose opinions he,- himself,
had the highest respect. The argument of
\\ ebster referred to had been made in a
debate with John C. Calhoun when slav
ery was a dominant Issue. Calhoun had
maintained that inasmuch as slavery was
recognized by the Federal constitution its
extension into the territories acquired by
the Union was constitutional. Then it was
that Webster had declared that the con
stitution applied to the States alone.
"To say," declared Vest, "that citizens
of a Territory are excluded from the -priv
ilege guaranteed by the bid of rights and
are .merely the subjects of the arbitrary
will' of Congress is a monstrous proposi
tion; but -fortunately the Supreme Court
had. determined that question in many
cases."
"I do not deny," continued Vest, "the
power of the Federal Government , to ac
quire territory, but I do deny its power
to acquire territory peopled with mil
lions without their consent and with no
intention of conferring upon them citi
zenship. I may be answered that the
point is not good; that it may be evaded
by the taking- in of vast tracts of lands
I peopled with barbarians to be held merely
for commercial advantages. When the
Congress of the United States shall be
come so degraded as this it is only a
question of time until the end shall
come."
Platt of Connecticut in expressing the
nope that Vest would not ask for imme
diate action upon his resolution, said he
desired to offer some remarks upon it,
but was not prepared to-day to do so.
He aid not, he said, acquiesce in the law
" , stated by the Missouri Senator. He
believed that the power to acquire terri
tory was inherent in the nation and
was not subject to limitation. In the re
marks he proposed to submit he would
endeavor to establish this '■' belief. He
thought t it * perfectly evident 1 that if the
United States in. fighting a war came into
possession of territory the progress of its
army and navy could not be stopped until
the constituted authorities should declare
whether it was the purpose of the Gov
ernment ' to hold the acquired territory
with the ultimate intention of conferring
statehood upon its inhabitants.
In response to an inquiry by Hoar. Platt
declared that the power of the Govern
£l!nary° aCQUire territory was full and
i,iiY°^M^ Called up the Nicaragua canal
bill, which was read in extenso, and Tur-
SL wnT", suggested to Morgan the
finn b Yh ty >,m Postponing the considera-
Jlu ? L c b , m until after January 1 He
fdent in hK " 011 to the fact that the Pres
ident in his message suggested that mat
re r port h °o UU f ld the ma c n ln , 4 tU nuo unUMhe
made it ~o Canal Commission was
&o it Mind* mllUon - not wait? Why
immm
MM
.artieI h fo t st O ock V fn e^'i rf '> lullli <« became
<w l " c " enent or their countries, in or
hey •i? ! t2? P mlSt th , at ***>« whfch
ine> were most m nute mierosennir
dots on the that treaty world It was
Pledged in that treaty with Nicaragua
to protect the canal. Our armies I,'
fnvadeT ThVri r *? ht V of werl
Ished into thin air by Great Britain's £
The main difficult/ that confronted us
arose out of -the fact that when Cleve
land withdrew the Frehlinghuysen-Cabrilfo
fP^V^f H ex P- ressl y took the ground that
aIJ* " °"'A H? 1 vlo »ate a treaty that was
dead, said Morgan. "So that Mr. Cleve
land \ by his first diplomatic act against
the Judgment of Congress, gave vitality
to a treaty that was dead. ™ iail ty
A question was raised as to- the
traHtv g of°ti the bUI PP a ranteein & the neu
trality of the canal in case the United
States was at war with another country
Morgan said that the language of the Ml
specifically excepted such a case.
T Hoar differed from Morgan. If the
United States was at war with England
and England should dispatch a host He
.fleet to San Francisco, could that fleet
pass through without interruption? ask
ed Hoar. Did the statement of the bill
as to the right of the United States to
protect the canal in .• time of war glv?
&£&tt? Stiff the Canal WaS not
«i M^J Ba ! d ' no natf qn Would misunder-
t f nd nu c i an euaee Jf the bill, but he
was willing to accept any language that
would make our right more specific
Hoar suggested that the clause relating
to the neutrality of the canal should b?
amended so as. to read, . ".Except as to
nations at wAr with the United States "
Morgan said ihe would accept the
amendment. No Senator should : vote
against the bill on Mis account Morgan
said the President, in .whom^Congress hid
so wisely and confidingly intrusted a fund
of $50,000,000 to be used "at his discretion "
could certainly be trusted to hear and de
termine the objections of Nicaragua or
Costa Rica or the stockholders of the
Maritime Canal Company. He said his
plea was for action. This bin did not seek
to build the canal. It simply places the
question in the hands of the President
In reply to a question Morgan said that
he. did not. believe it would be competent
for the United States, independent of any
corporation, to proceed to the construc
tion of the canal under the treaty of 1567
At the conclusion of Morgan's speech
the Senate, at 5 p. m., adjov.'ned.
RIGHTS OF SEAMEN
BEFORE THE HOUSE
WASHINGTON. Dpc. 12.— The House
spent the larger part of the day on Dis
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, IS9B.
SENATOR JbHN X. MORQAN OF ALABAMA.
trict of Columbia business. After dis
posing of several district bills,- Payne
(R.), of New York, called up . a bill to
amend the laws relating to the protection
of American seamen. He explained that
it would do away with some of the evils
of the allotment system, under which sea
men have been defrauded of their earn
ings; the punishment of sailors by im
prisonment is greatly lessened. Masters
are required to ship with a full comple
ment of men; the food which the men are
to ro<iivf is stated and punishment by
flogging is abolished.
There was some discussion of the bill
and amendment's were offered by Handy
(D.), of Delaware.
At 4:50 p. m. it was suggested that no
quorum was present and on motion of
Payne the House adjourned.
GENERAL MILES BEFORE
THE MILITARY COMMITTEE
Tells of the Necessity of Increasing
the Regular Army to One Hun
dred Thousand Men.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12. — Mafor-Gen
eral Miles appeared to-day before the
House Committee on Military Affairs for
a hearing relative to the proposed reor
ganization and increase in the army. At
the outset General Miles addressed kim
self to the general need of increasing the
army. It was necessary now to consider
both our military requirements at home
and those of our new colonial dependen
cies abroad, and also the rapidly increas
ing demands made by our scacoast forti
fications.
The war with Spain has shown pretty
clearly how many men would be needed,
General Miles said. The war had requir
ed 52.000 men for actual field operations at
various points. Of these 22,000 men went
to Manila, 20.000 to Cuba and 10,000 to
Porto Rico. These were men actually ln
the presence of the hostile enemy. Since
then there had been rt>-enforcements for
| garrison and other purposes. At the same
I time, the general pointed out that the
i necessities at home must not be over
! looked. The entire frontier had be^n
j stripped of troops during the late war.
■ and complaints were coming in that tho
i lives, families and property of settlers in
i the West had been jeopardized by this
i condition. In particular .there were fears
1 of an outbreak in the Sioux country be
cause of the absence of troops. It was
not desirable, therefore, to withdraw our
; forces from the frontier so as 10 leave
thorn defenseless or to invite disorder.
These considerations, said Gt-neral
' Miles, had led him to recommend a
standard of one soldier for each 1000 of
population at home, with the native
troops on a basis of two soldiers for eve
ry imX) of native population.
General Miles said that probably 10.000
men would be sufficient for Cuba in the
! near future. The officers in the Phillp
■ pines estimated that they would require
: 25,000 men, possibly more. Altogether 40,
000 men were needed abroad and 35,000 at
: home.
At the afternoon session General Scho
1 field, who preceded General Miles in com
j mand of the army, devoted his chief at-
I tention to the friction inevitably arising
I between the Secretary of War and the
commanding general under the present
system. This had occurred under the
•command of General Scott, who removed
| his headquarters to New York to avoid
j differences arising with the War Depart
! ment. It occurred also during the cotn
! mand of General Sherman, who went to
St. Louis to avoid friction. The trouble
i arose out of the system which gave the
j head of army the name of commanding
! general, when in fact he had little or no
I authority or influence as commanding
! general. Whether he doe^ anything de
| pends largely on his personal relations
with the Secretary of War. If these re
lations are not close then the Secretary
of War gets to Ignoring the so-called
commanding general. Ih that event the
adjutant general became a more impor
tant official than the commanding gen
eral. General Schofield urged tbat one of.
i the most essential features of army reor
ganization was to give the President ab
solute power to select his own command
ing officer. Instead of creating the per
manent grade of lieutenant general he fa
vored giving the President authority to'
select at any time a lieutenant general,
the officer occupying that position retir
ing to his former grade. The title also
should be that of general-ln-chief instead
of commanding general, as that would
better express the idea that the head of
the army was the executive officer for the
President and Secretary of War.
GIRL COMMITS SUICIDE.
Lizzie Schaeffer Found Dead In a
Vacant Lot at Fort Bragg.
FORT BRAGG, Dec. 12.— Lizzie Schaef
fer, IS years old, was found dead in a va
cant lot yesterday afternoon by some
children, having shot herself in the head
with a revolver, which she clutched in
her hand. The girl left home last
Wednesday evening, since which time
casual search had Been made for her by
her mother and brother. Her father com
mitted suicide at the Soldiers' Home- at
Santa Monica about eighteen months ago.
Passing of an Oregon Jurist.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 12.— Judge A.
E. Waite, Chief Justice of the Oregon
Supreme Court from 1859 to 1862, died
to-day, aged 85.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
260. The genuine has U B. Q. on each tablet.
LABOR IS OPPOSED
TO IMPERIALISM
American Federation's
Attitude.
GOMPERS POINTS TO DANGERS
DBIFTINO TOWARD ASIATIC
ENTANGLEMENTS.
Expansion Policy Means Denial to
Others of the Independence
Which We Claim For
Ourselves.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 12.— At the
meeting of the Federation of Trade to
day President Gompers in the coursa of
his address stated the objections of the
Federation to the policy of Imperialism
and expansion, as follows:
We cannot annex the Philippines with
out a large increase in our standing
army. A large standing army is repug
nant to Republican institutions and a
menace to the liberty of our own people.
Jf we annex the Philippines we shall
have to conquer the Philippines by the
force of arms and thereby deny to them
what we cluim for ourselves — the right of
self -government.
We shall surrender thf» present safe and
independent position by which we are
guaranteed the tranquillity and the fruits
of peace, and force ourselves into Euro
pean and' Asiatic entanglements, imply
ing war and the preparation for war.
We shall seek to conquer by the force
of arms, instead of by bur own industry,
commerce and superior mentality and
civilization.
We shall be compelled to open the gates
and admit the Chinese. Malays and slave
laborers who may come from "our new
possessions." since the constitution of the
United States forbids the Interdiction of
the free entry of men and their products
between our States and Territories.
The policy of Imperialism is a declara
tion that self-government has failed and
that tho people cannot be trusted; that
the dollar is of more consequence than
man and plutocracy and militarism
nobler than humanity.
The attempt to divert the attention of
our people from the ills from which we
suffer at home to foreign questions will
fail.
It has always been the hewers of wood
and the carriers of water, the wealth
producers, whose mission it has been not
only to- struggle for freedom but to be
ever vigilant to maintain the liberty or
freedom achieved; and it behooves the
representatives of the grand army of la
bor, ln convention assembled, to give vent
to the alarm we feel from the danger
threatening us and our entire people and
to enter our solemn and emphatic protest
against what we already feel — that with
the success of the policy of imperialism
the dependence of our republic will have
already set in.
Mr. Gompers reported that 880 local
unions were chartered during the year
and there are now affiliated with the
American Federation of Labor 67 na
tional and international unions, with
10,500 local unions attached; 10 State
federations; 82 city central labor unions
and trade assemblies; 315 local trade
unions, having no nationals, and 109
federal unions.
On the subject of an eight-hour work
day Mr. Gompers says:
Should industrial conditions warrant It
is suggested that every effort be made'by
the incoming officers in co-operation with
the trade union movement of the country
to inaugurate a general agitation and
movement for the more universal intro
duction of the eight-hour or shorter work
day.
Although there seems to be no doubt
that Mr. Gompers will be re-elected, a
fkrht will be made upon him by a small
faction headed by Isaac Cowen and
Max Hays of Cleveland.
"I would fight against GomDers,"
said Cowen, in an interview to-day,
"if it were the last thing I had to do
on earth. Gompers is entirely too con
servative and slow. We have not se
lected a candidate yet, but shall do so.
He will be a representative of uD-to
date socialism."
Asylum for Insane Prisoners.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 12.— At a con:
ference of the Prison Directors and
the Lunacy Commission here. to-day
it was agreed to ask the Legislature
to provide for the construction at Fol
som. Prison of an asylum for the cus
tody of insane criminals.
HOT AN ADVOCATE
OF SINGLE TAX
Senator Bulla Disposes
of a Canard.
NEVER FAVORED THE ISM
RTTMOJEt CIRCULATED FOR PO
LITICAL EFFECT.
Enemies Go to the Extent of Declar
ing Him a Member of a Los
Angeles Single Tax
Club.
Special Diapatoh to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 12.— Enemies of
Senator Robert N. Bulla have been cir
culating a story to the effect that he
is an advocate of the single tax. This
is not true. Senator Bulla's views on
the subject are expressed in the follow
ing interview which he gives |P tne
press:
I have never identified myself with the
Bingle-tax movement in any way— have
never favored it and do not favor it now.
I did introduce a resolution leaving to
the Legislature the power to say what
property should be taxed, on the theory
that the constitution should not be made
up, of details, but should declare only
fundamental principles, not merely on the
question of taxation, but on all other mat
ters. The constitution should not be a
statute. .
Knowing from my experience that arti
cle IX of the constitution, dealing with
the subject of taxation and taxable prop
erty has been amended more frequently
tha"n any other, 1 introduced the resolu
tion referred to in order to avoid this
constant alteration on that point.
Whether or not the single taxers have
considered that resolution in their favor,
I did not stop to ask. I thought it right
to introduce it and did not consult any
single taxers as to what they thought
about it. In my work in the Legislature
I have never stopped to consider what
any special interest thought of the va
rious measures I favored or opposed. The
only question I asked myself was as to
their effect on the people generally. If
I believed it beneficial that has been
enough to urge my favoring any bill.
As to the proposed constitutional
amendment allowing counties to frame
their own government, which it was
charged would have been "an opening
wedge" for the single tax, I opposed that
amendment openly during the campaign
recently closed and made numerous
speeches against it. I undertsand it was
defeated.
The rumor started to the effect that
I was one of the foremost members of
the Los Angeles County Single Tax Club
was promptly denied and the denial was
published in the papers.
I know of no reason why the charge was
made, unless because I was at one time
invited to address a Single Tax Club here
upon the subject of proposed constitu
tional amendments looking to the correc
tion of some of the present objectionable
features of our revenue laws. I was not
able to be present at that time and did
not deliver the address, but, at the request
of one of the members of the club, sent
a letter referring very briefly to some of
the evils of our assessment and taxation
laws, and also giving a brief synopsis of
some of the acts which have been passed
by the Legislature in an effort to remedy
them; also a summary of the resolutions
for constitutional amendments which have
been introduced into the Legislature with
the object of correcting the very evident
evils which exist in this department of
our laws.
PALMER DEFEATS , PLIMMER.
LONDON, Dec. 12.— At the National
Sporting Club in this city this evening
there was a spirited bout between Ped
dlar Palmer and Billy Plimmer for the
Bantam championship, the National
Sporting Club purse and £500 a side.
Palmer knocked Plimmer out in the
seventeenth round.
Day to Manage the Giants.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— The New York
Herald says: John B. Day, formerly
owner of the New York Club at the
height of its success, has been secured as
manager of the Giants for next year.
Such was the announcement made yes
terday by Andrew Freeman, president of
the New York Club. Mr. Freedman fur
ther said that Amos Rusie and Juett
Meekin, who for years have been consid
ered the main strength of the team, and
William Gleason, second baseman, are on
the market to be sold or exchanged for
other players equally skillful. J
STATESMEN OF
FRANCE ENGAGE
IN FISTICUFFS
Uproar in Chamber of
Deputies.
SERIES OF FIST FIGHTS
GENEBAL STAFF ASSAILED BY
GROUSETT.
Army Leaders Bitterly Denounced
for Their Course in Connection
With the Dreyfug
Affair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 12.— 1n the Chamber of
Deputies to-day M. Grousett, Radical
Socialist, interpellated the Government
on the indiscretion of the general staff
in the Dreyfus affair. He read extracts
from newspaper articles which are
alleged to have emanated from
members of the general staff, which
caused a violent uproar, during which
the Deputies rose and rushed at one
another and engaged in a series of fist
fights.
M. Grousett continued his remarks in
the middle of this tumult and recalled
an article in the Intransigeant refer
ring to letters from Emperor William
and an interview between Count yon
Munster, German Embassador at Paris,
and Casimir-Perier, the former Presi
dent of the republic. Count de Mun,
the Conservative leader, here interrupt
ed the speaker and said be desired that
the House be consulted as to whether
the discussion should be allowed to
continue.
The Premier, M. Dnpuy, said that as
the head ol the Government he pro
tested with the utmost enersry against
the language of the speaker who, he
added, had not measured its possible
effect. (Applause.)
M. de Roulde, Revisionist, shouted:
"Come off the tribune." This caused a
redoublement of the uproar.
When semi-quiet was restored M.
Grousett continued speaking. He said
the center of resistance to the revision
of the Dreyfus case was not from the
Ministry of War. It was elsewhere.
As to the secret documents in the case,
he pointed out that they had been rid
iculed by Emperor William himself.
(Loud protests).
M. de Schanel, Republican, invited
the speaker not to mix foreign sover
eigns in the debate any more than he
would mix the President of the republic
in it.
M. Grousett, continuing, spoke of the
articles in the newspapers, in *.iich it ;
was hinted that Russia and the Czar ■
were mixed up in the Dreyfus affair, :
and he also alluded to the recent semi- ;
official note relative to the Minister of !
Foreign Affairs, M. Delcasse, being
obliged to explain certain statements :
to the German Embassador relative to
the latter's daughter. (Uproar and
hbotß.) Austria, M. Grousett said, was
next mixed up in the affair.
The speaker said he pointed out these
matters in order to show that a press
campaign had been inaugurated by cer- i
tain interested persons to prevent the
discovery of the truth.
M. Grousett concluded with demand
ing if the Government was disposed to
permit the center of resistance to the
law to pass from the Ministry of War
to the general staff of the military
government of Paris, if it would any
longer tolerate this attitude of the ring
leaders and if it would govern for the
republic or for the Jesuits. (Applause
from the extreme left and violent pro
tests elsewhere.)
The Minister of War, M. de Frey
clnet, repudiated M. Grousett's allega
tions. He said that if there had been
some indiscretions it was unjust and
imprudent to attack the whole army;
unjust because the army was excellent,
devoted to its duty and incapable of
the acts charged; imprudent because it
was liable to lead to a disorganization
of the military institutions. The Min
ister of War concluded with vigorously
protesting against the accusation
brought against the general staff and
the military government of Paris of
resisting the law.
M. Dupuy asked the Chamber to close
the discussion and adopt the order of
the day, which was done by a vote of
463 to 78. The House then adjourned.
As one of the results of the insults
exchanged during the debate in the
Chamber to-day Antide Boyer. Radical
Socialist, has sent his seconds to M.
de Roulede, Revisionist, and to M.
Gauthler (de Clagay), Revisionist, who
characterized M. Boyer as a "white
washed Panamaist."
The city Is greatly excited to-night
and the troops are under arms. Colonel
Plsquart's release is still delayed owing
to the Judicial quibbles between the
civil and military authorities. Max
Pegis, the Mayor of Algiers, who was
suspended by the prefect for a month
on account of the rabid anti-Semite
speech he made attacking the G#vprnor
General, has resfgnfd. Count Esterhazy
has written to M. Mazeau, president of
the Court of Cassation, declaring his
readiness, If granted a safe conduct, to
appear before the court to be confront
ed with all the witnesses and to defend
his own "honor" and that of the late
Colonel Henry.
DEPUTIES HEAD AN
ANTIDREYFUS RISING
PARIS, Dec. 12.— M. Mlllevoye and
the Comte de Ramel, both members of
the Chamber of Deputies, headed an
anti-Dreyfus demonstration this after
noon. They marched to the Cherche
Midi Prison, where Colonel Plcquart Is
confined, but were stopped by a cordon
of police and asked to retire. There
upon M. Millevoye made a speech, dur
ing which he said they "did not desire
a conflict with these brave fellows,"
pointing to the police, adding that they
had achieved- their object in being able
to shout "Spit upon Picquart!" who
could hear them from the window of his
prison.
The crowd then marched to the Ho
tel dcs Invalides. the official residence
of General Zurlinden, the Military Gov
ernor of Paris, cheering for the army
and chanting monotonously. "Spit upon
Picquart!" it meeting a lieutenant of
cuirassiers on their way, who said:
"I thank you In the name of the
army."
The speech brought forth renewed
cheers from the demonstrators.
The doors of General Zurllnden's
residence were closed, but the crowd
gathered outside, cheering for the
army, and M. Millevoye narangued his
followers, denouncing the "infamous
monsters of the Court of Cassation,"
ending with calling for che*r« for the
"valiant General Zurlinden, who com
mands the army," and "for the tri
color, flying over the Invalides."
The Prefect of Algiers has suspended
the Mayc.-r of Algiers for a mbnth on
account of a speech made by the May
or, who is a rabid anti-Semite, attack
ing the Governor General. The Minister
of" the Interior has increased the sus
pension to three months. This is meant
as a warning to the Algerian anti-
Semites, whose recent violence and
threats have been causing panic
among the Jews in Algeria, which has
demoralized business.
Tucson Goes Democratic.
TUCSON, Ariz., Dec. 12.— Gus A. Hoff
was elected Mayor of Tucson to-day.
The Democratic ticket, with the excep
tion of Recorder, was elerted.
V .* ADVERTISEMENTS. '.* t
■ft It is undoubtedly a fact that out
*"'■'* *'** ■ &3 '■* ~ s^yfr% .mothers.
[c \ /''fvSfeS' ' neer wo "
\v. \ ' S \KP men of
" ■ Vvjv^-\ /r> //HT - the coun "
|I1I 1 y \ VnL/^/i " more la-
s^^ I \>^li^?\« borious
11 ■ * an the
•mShV ' J*- — ■z£M?=l \\ c bouse-
Vmn l /z>f~~ /I wives, of
•I W /,£f J&m r to-day.
'IT /r///«ZZSt^?I n spite
Tr v^ r i>/« li^N ° f tbi3
robust sons and daughters, and did not .
become weak, complaining invalids as a
consequence.
There are probably several reasons for
this. One is, that they lived more in the
open air, and another, and probably the
most influential of all, is that they were
less prudish than the women of to-day. r
They were not ashamed to know something
of their own physical make-up. They were
not too nice to take care of their health in
a womanly way. Women now-a-days suf-
fer untold tortures in silence, because of
. weakness and disease of the distinctly
feminine organism, rather than consult a
physician, or even talk upon the subject to
their. own husbands. They imagine that
troubles of this description can only be
cured by undergoing the disgusting exam-
inations, and local treatment insisted upon,
by the average modern physician. Doctor
Pierce's Favorite Prescription cures all dis-
eases peculiar to women, in the privacy of
their own homes. ■ It does away with the
necessity for examinations and local treat-
ment. ..It acts directly on the important
organs concerned, making them strong,
healthy and vigorous. It fits for wifehood
and the burdens of household duties* It
allays inflammation,' heals ulceration and
soothes pain. It tones and builds up the
nerves. It banishes the discomforts of the
time of expectancy and makes baby's ad-
. vent easy and almost painless. Thousand*
' have testified to its merits. . ■'
Over. 1000 pares of medical advice free. Send
31 one-cent stamps, to cover mailing only, for pa-">
per-covered copy of Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser. Cloth bound 31 stamp*. . Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
SPECIAL TO-DAY
IN
1 Ladies Jackets
I , *".; At $7.50. '■.'.V
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, in
blacjk, navy and tan, fly fronts, faced with •Ilk.
worth $12 50, sale price $7 50 each.
{/[/ Murphy Building', 'Jf-\
Market ml Jims Streets.
...  .■. ■ ■
A Motor Burned Out
I or a wire broken, puts a stop for the .time
being to the work of the electric system: All
must be repaired and the wire again charged
before a wheel will turn. It Is so with THE
! HUMAN MACHINE. Its nerve system Is as
a network of delicate wires and If these are
; shattered or enfeebled every . function Is re-
tarded. To keep life at Its best, both for
i action and enjoyment, you must Sustain the
Nerve Power. . ■ - • . , .- , _
■ . THE FAMOUS K
PERFECTO TABLETS
are a true sustalner of the nerve power and
of the greatest efficacy. They repair and
! build up th» broken-down nerve system; they
feed It; they charge It with vitality; they
five sleep to the sleepless, backbone to the
altering; they avert insanity and consump-
| tion," '• revive failing | memory, bring rosy
j cheeks and lustrous eyes, i They are harmless,
yet potent; can be carried in the pocket, yet
restore vigor to all. ; They ■ -. -
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50c box renews vital, energy; 6 boxes at •
$2 50 a guaranteed cure or money refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by THE PERFECTO '
CO.. Caxton building. Chicago. 111. . ■
Sold by. Owl Drug Co.. B. F. and Oakland.
tAsk Your . . '
DRUGGIST
for a generou. .
TRIAL SIZE.
Ely's Cream Balm
for ' <
CATARRH
Cream Balm Is placed Into the . nostrils,
spread over the membrane and is absorbed ■
1 Relief Is Immediate and a cure follows. It is
not drying— does not produce . sneezing. Large
60c; Trial Size, 10c; at Druggists or by mall
ELY BROTHERS. 66 Warren st.. New York!.
Jofaniiia.
As a table water is unsurpassed.—
London Hospital Gazette. f'
 • Use ; f^%, '•'•'■'■' and ••
Facial Soap y£J Facial Cream.
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial and- Tooth Powder make the grandest
toilet combination known t or . the , skin. Send-
10 cents for sample of each, sufficient for three
weeks' use. JOHN H. WOODBURY. 117 W 41d
St.. N. Y.. 163 State St., Chicago. v -•
era o 00 0000000000000
I™ PALACE *w2
I GRAND
q BAH WKMHCimCO.
j' .Connected by a covered passageway.' *■
*> 1400 Rooro«-POO With Bath Attached. O.
V : AM Under One Management. . Q
i 0 • HOIS THS PRICES: : . A
m. Curosoan Plan .81.00 per day and upward ;?
V American Plan.i3.oo per day and upward 9 \
p Correspondence Solicited. <%
ft , 7039 C. XI1»A?KICI, Ktugtr. "q
toooooooooaoooobog
Wriiit's Man VeietaWe Jii \
I Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
1 have uned them for over forty years to cur*
: EICK HEADACKE. GIDDINESS.' CONSTIPA-
: TION,!. Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, -Pimples •
! and purify the blood. r- : .- : ;?:o -.•(•.-•
.. ; -,.■,-. . .- _ ..." — "TT ...... ~ — ... .... .r. r f -
Grossman's Sued Mixture
1 - With this remedy percons " can cure them- -
selves without the . least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. The '
I medicine I contains nothing of the least I Injury
to the constitution. ■ Ask your druggist for it. .
1 Price ft a bottle. ' : .., -CHICAGO ALDERMEN
FAIL TO EXTEND
THE FRANCHISE
Fifty=Year Extension Referred to
Street Railway Committee
and Practically Killed.
Owing to the Extraordinary Precautions of the
Police There Were No Disturbances and
No Lynching Attempted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 12.— Thanks to the
pood sense of the citizens of Chicaco
and the superb work of the Police De
partment, the City Hall was not sacked
to-night nor were any Aldermen or
owners of street railway shares hanged
to lamp posts.
The traction ordinance came ud in
the Common Council, a test vote was
taken, which proved its friends had not
the strength to pass nor its enemies to
kill it, and a? a compromise it now re
popes in a pigeonhole of the street rail
way committee, to which it was re
ferred after being taken from the spe
cial committee, which has had It since
Introduction a week ago to-night.
Both sides claim a victory. Neither
will admit defeat. To layman the
Councils action simply means the
agonizing agitation will be continued
another week at least. During the day
the city was generally flooded with pos
ter circulars in three-inch black type,
calling on all good citizens to gather
at the City Hall to-night to influence
Aldermen to vote right. The traction
people, when apprised, appealed to the
police to stop the distribution of the
Incendiary handbill. and charged
Mayor Harrison and friends with being
responsible for its publication. The
distribution was stopped, but no ar
rests "f distributors were made, as the
ordinance governing the dissemination
of that claps of matter was not violat
ed, the circular being very carefully
worded.
As the time for calling the Council to
order drew near there were evidences
of considerable feverishness in the
downtown district, but Chief of Police
Kipley assured all who questioned him
that there would be no trouble. All the
reserves were massed within easy call
ing distance of the City Hall, and fully
n (Thousand plain-clothes men were on
duty within a radius of a few blocks.
Marching clubs were interdicted from
escorting Aldermen to the Council
chamber or approaching in a body any
n-arer than Twelfth street on the
BOUth and the river on the north and
w^st. Thousands of curious peopje at
tempted to gather in the vicinity of the
city Hall, but none were permitted to
stand for a moment, and in that wav
dangerous congestions were avoided.
No one was admitted to the City Hall
without a pass, and even passes were
disregarded when floor space and gal
leries of the room in which the meet
ing place was held were filled. Fur
ther police precautions consisted in sta
tioning guards in citizens' clothes at
various newspaper offices, at the homes
Of AMormen recognized as leaders of
both factions, and at the homes of
street car directors.
There were surprising developments
at the Council meeting to-night, one of
which was that the Mayor found he
had thirty-eight votes among the
Aldermen he could count upon. The
second was the taking of the fifty-year
franchise ordinance out of the hands
pf the special Council committee to
which it was referred on Monday night
last and its reference to the Committee
on Railroads of the Council. This com
mittee, with the exception of one mem
ber, is favorable to the passage of any
thing the street railway companies may
ask. but the Mayor having found out
that he is so strong does not care where
the ordinance goes, as he will be able
to prevent its passage over his veto.
It was not thought at first that any
move in regard to the ordinance would
be made to-night, and some surprise
was occasioned when Alderman Walsh
made a motion to reconsider the vote
of last Monday night when the ordi
nance was referred to a joint commit
tee Alderman Cullerton, a pronounced
i friend of the ordinance, moved to table
the resolution, but was defeated by *
vote of 87 ayes to 36 nays, to the great
astonishment of the Council and oeo
ple in the galleries, and on motion of
Alderman Walsh it was carried by a
vote et 36 to 27.
Alderman Walsh then came back
■with a motion to place the ordinance
on file, which would have killed it al
together, but Alderman Cullerton called
attention to the rule which provided
that ordinances of this description
should g° to the committee on rail-
Mayor Harrison then said Alderman
Cullerton was right, and that he had
made a mistake in allowing it to be
Bent to joint committee, and it was
therefore referred to the committee on
railroads In order to thoroughly test
me temper of the Council Alderman
Maltby, leader of th<- minority, offered
the following resolution, and moved
the rules be suspended to permit of its
passage:
-That pending the repeal of the Al
len law, demanded by State and local
organizations of all parties and de
,] by th<- people at the polls last
November, any attempt to extend
Btreetcar franchises in Chicago would
contffcry to public policy and the
fundamental principles of popular gov
ernment." . __
The vote on this was 38 ayes and 20
but a two-thirds vote ..ring nec
py it was lost. However, jt was a
great victory for the Mayor, as' it dem
onstrated that thirty-six members of
the Council would stand by him.
The vote shows that the street rail
fe(\ay companies are defeated beyond
' fioubt. and that there will be absolutely
no legislation on the franchise ordi
nances by the Council until the Allen
few is repealed. This victory was en
tirely unexpected by both the Mayor
and Council majority, and the latter
took it very hard indeed.
kin the course of the debate on the
Idaltby resolution Alderman Melnernev.
»f the Twenty-ninth Ward, one of the
'< HOEt prominent upholders of the fifty
year franchise, referring to threats of
violence against him and others, turned
to the gallery and shouted: "If any
thing is done to me I won't go alone.
I'll take six others with me." making
a motion toward his hip pocket where
a revolver is usually carried.
"You'll make a pretty corpse." re
plied a man in the gallery.
•Yes," was the heated Alderman's
retort, "I'll make a handsomer corpse
than you ever will."
"You bet," was the gallery man's re
ply, "and sooner."
The laugh being on the Alderman, he
sat down. The sentiment among the
Alderman recognized as friends of the
street railroads now is that the fifty
year ordinance is too dead to keep it
above ground and they all unite in
saying they do not know what will be
done, except possibly a new ordinance
may be substituted for the old which
will grant a shorter extension and
give the city larger compensation.
Three leading Aldermen of the ma
jority are Cullerton. Powers and Mc-
Ineriiey. After the Council meeting
was ended Alderman Mclnerney said:
"We are skinned. It's all up with that
ordinance. I don't know what will be
done, but I don't belieye any maji
would have voted for the fifty-year
franchise."
Alderman Powers said: "I was not
iln favor of the fifty-year franchise.
| Some other ordinance will come in
i that will give the railways a fair show
1 and do the right thing by the city."
f Alderman Cullerton said: "Of course
1 there will be an ordinance passed, but
j it will not be for fifty years. What we
'' want is the city's rights protected, and
W£ have been for that all along."
Mr. Yerkes said to-night that he
would continue to try to get the or
dinance through the Council.
Mayor Harrison would only say:
"You saw and heard what was done.
That ordinance is dead and cannot be
! resurrected. There will be no street
i car legislation in Chicago under the Al
| len law."
In the meantime both sides are lining
up to continue the battle, and forty
mass-meetings will be held to-morrow
by the opposition to extension.
Chief Kipley called The Call corre
spondent's attention to the prophecy
made Saturday that there would be no
trouble, but wouldn't deny that it was
due to the greatest activity of the po
lice department since the Pullman
strike.
GARCIA'S REMAINS
TO BE SENT TO CUBA
Funeral Ceremonies Will Be Held,
However, at St. Patrick's
Church. Washington.
"WASHINGTON. Deo. 12.— The funeral' of
General Garcia, the Cuban commander,
will be hold at 10 to-morrow morning at
St. Patrick"s Church, in this city. The
celebrants of the mass and the honorary j
pallbearers have not yet been selected,
but will be announced later.
The body will be placed in a metallic i
casket and deposited in a vault at Arlinx- j
ton, pending its removal to Cuba. The i
date of the removal has not yet been fixed ;
upon, but this Government will p;-tu?e a
warship at the disposal of the Cubans for
this purpose. The arrangements rnadv
are said to be in accordance with the
wishes of General Garcia's family and
his comrades in arms.
THOMASVTLLE. Ga., Dec. 12.-Mrs.
Calixto Garcia, wife of the Cuban general,
who died yesterday at Washington, will
be unable to attend her husband's funeral
to-morrow. Her daughter, Mercedes, who
Is quite ill, is not so well to-day, and Mrs.
Garcia has decided to remain hews ufrt.il
her condition improves.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Dec. 12.— 0n the
arrival of the news of General Calixto j
Garcia's death. General Leonard Wood j
ordered the flags, on the Government
buildings half-masted, a courtesy greatly '
appreciated by the Cubans., and even by '
those politically opposed to Garcia. Pro- ;
found regret is expressed lv his late fol
lowers.
The opposing factions, though express- j
ing their regret at his death, do not hes- I
itate to declare that it clears the pollti- j
cal horizon in the province to a great ex- \
tent Carlos Garcia left to-day for the j
United States on board the Ward line
stoamer Santiago to bring back his fa
ther's remains. A number of Cubans met
at his residence this evening to offer con- |
! dolences to the members of the house
hold.
HAVANA, Dec. 12.— Three Cubans were
killed and one Spanish officer and two
Cabana wounded last night in an affray
between some Spanish officers off duty
and a number of citizens and a party of
Cubans who wished to close the Tacon
Theater on account of thr doath of Gen
eral Calixto Garcia at Washington. The
Spanish troops on duty intervened and
restored order.
ISLA DE CUBA SAILS
UNDER HER OWN STEAM
One of the Battleships Sunk by Dew
ey and Subsequently Raised on
the Way to Hongkong.
MANILA. Dec. 12.— The Isla de Cuba, i
one of the ships sunk by Admiral Dewc-y
in the battle of Manila on May ±0 last, i
and which he subsequently caused to be i
raised, started for Hongkong to-day un- i
der her own steam. She is of 1O?.O tons
displacement and 2200 indicated horse \
power.
Captain Whiting, formerly of the
Monadnock, has relieved Captain Glass of |
th" Charleston. The latter has gone j
home si<k.
The Raleigh lenves for home on Thurs
day via the Suez canal.
As the result of an altercation before
a fruit stand yesterday, a California vol
unteer was stabbed and two natives were i
shot dead.
A fireman on the Buena Ventura :
jumped into the river from a launch and ;
was drowned. His body was not recov- j
ered. __^_
PASSED THE CENTURY MARK.
Catherine Ragan Dies at Grass /al
ley at the Age of 106.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 12.— Mrs. Cath
erine Ragan, 106 years of age and be
lieved to have been the oldest woman In
the State, died this morning. She leaves
one son and several grandchildren and
great-grandchildren, one of her grand
sons being School Director Ragan of San
Francisco.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALTi, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
THE PLAN THAT RAILED.
WAVE-SWEPT
CHANNEL ROCK
THEIR HAVEN
I
Horrible Suffering of
Shipwrecked Men.
■ i
LOSS OF SCHOONER HELENE
STRIKES A REEF OFF SANTA
CRUZ ISLAND.
Crew of Six Gains the Shore by
Swimming, After a Night Spent
on a Rock Washed by
the Breakers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 12. — The j
schooner Santa Rosa came into port
last night bringing six shipwrecked ,
men from the schooner Helene. These j
men tell a thrilling tale of their experi
ence after having been shipwrecked off
Santa Cruz Island on Thursday even- j
ing.
While en the east side of Santa Cruz
they encountered a southeaster and a
very heavy sea. They immediately ;
made for the west end of the island, i
which is protected from a southeast
wind. They anchored off Forney's ;
Cove, at the extreme end of the island,
and had lain there three or four hours !
when a northeaster began blowing j
down the channel between Santa Rosa i
and Santa Cruz islands. Three anchors
were immediately thrown out, but they j
were powerless against the heavy wind.
It was useless for the crew to attempt
to pull up anchor and make to sea.
The vessel dragged her anchors, and
at about midnight struck a low reef, j
which forms one side of Forney's Cove,
with terrific farce, knocking a large ;
hole in her bottom. The vessel turned i
over on her side, and what provisions
were not washed off her deck by the !
waves which swept over her were de
stroyed by the water.
The six men had great difficulty in !
saving themselves from being swept
off the rigging. The small skiff was
unfastened, but as soon as put into the 1
water was capsized. Its oars were thus j
lost. Finally the crew succeeded In
righting it, and fastened one end of a j
(Reproduced Frcm a Chicago Paper — U^ot the Inter Ocean.)
rope to the boat and the other end to j
the wrecked Helene. They all got in
and set the skiff adrift, hoping it would
be blown to a small rock about 109
yards from the wreck. This hope was
lualized.
All night long they remained on the
rock in a howling wind, soaked to the
skin, and the waves washing complete
ly over them every few minutes. Late
the next day the tide had lowered suf
ficiently for them to wade a considera
ble distance an the reef, and by swim
ming a few hundred yards they reached
the mainland. They found a deserted
Chinese cabin, which contained provi
sions. Here they remained another
twenty-four hours, when the schooner
Santa Rosa happened to see their sig
nal of distress. When the southeaster
came up the Santa Rosa had been
forced out of Santa Barbara harbor
and held in the channel two or three
days, seeking a safe harbor. She was
within three or four miles of the west
end when Captain Burtis saw the sig
nal of distress. The wind was blowing
a terrific gale at the time, and it was
with great risk that an anchorage was
made and the men rescued. When
fr.-und they were in a sorry conditipn,
all being chilled through and through.
Rcmon Vasquez, an old sea captain,
was in command of the Helene. He was
in a serious condition when picked up.
He could neither move a muscle nor
make a sound. At a late hour to-day
the attending physician said that he
could not live many hours. The other
five men. although badly bruised and
exhausted, are not in a s t erious condi
tion.
The men on the vessel were: Ramon
Vasquez, Joseph Leva, Colais Vas
quez. Joe Olivas, Joe Cota and Charles
Thrift.
The Helene was built in this city at
a cost of $5000, but was never consider
ed a seaworthy vessel. She w4is four
years old, and was registered at fif
teen tons. She was the property of Ed
wards & Co., local hardware men. The
Helene had been catching seals alive
for Rodgers Bros, of this city, who
trained them and sold them to East
erners. ______________
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Major Langfitt Detailed as Mustering
Officer at Honolulu.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 12.— 8y direction
of the Assistant Secretary of War Com
missary Sergeant John Wlkander, now at
Neuvltas, Cuba, is transferred to Alca,traz
Island. Cal. By direction of the Secre
lary of War. Major William C. Langfitt,
Second United States Volunteer Engi
neers, is detailed as mustering officer at
Honolulu, 11. I.; Major Louis Brechemin,
surpeon. United States army, is relieved
from further duty at Vancouver Bar
racks, Wash.
The Attorney General to-day sent to
Congress a letter recommending an ap
propriation of $583 to pay Frank D. Lewis,
special JJnited States attorney for the
Mission Indians in Southern California.
Pensions have been granted as folllows:
California— Original. George Hobbs, Ar
tesla, $6. Increase, James Haynes, Tuba
City. $8 to $12; Justice H. Henderson, Elsi
nore, $12 to $24; Edmund Cave, New Al
bany, $6 to $8; Josiah Stidum, Don Juan,
$16 to $24; Jeremiah Floyd, Greenville, $12
to $17.
Washington— Original, Thomas Henry
Orting. $6. Original widows, etc.,
Franc_l P. Briggs, Lacenter, $8.
MISSION ROCK IS
PUBLIC DOMAIN
Uncle Sam Will Take
the Islands.
WANTED FOR COAL STATION
AN IMPORTANT RULING BY THE
LAND COMMISSIONER.
The California Drydock Company's
Title Found to Be Worthless
and So Regarded by Fed
eral Authorities.
( Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 12.— Mr. Binger
Hermann, Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in a decision rendered to
day holds that Misson Island, known also
as Misson Rook, and a small island lo
cated just southeast thereof in San Fran
cisco bay, is a part of the public domain,
and in accordance therewith President
McKinley in a fewVlays will issue an ex
ecutive order reserving both islands as
a coaling station for the use of the navy.
A temporary order withdrawing these
islands has been issued. The action of
the commissioners transfers the islands
from private to public control. The issue
involved Is regarded by Commissioner
Hermann and other officials as of extreme
importance. It will give to the navy what
it has long desired to establish and main
tain. Mission Island contains about four
teen one-hundredths of an acre, and is in
cluded within and surrounded by a tract
of submerged or tide lands containing
14.35 acres claimed by the California Dry
dock Company through mesne convey
ances from the State. The rock, or island
itself, is situated in the bay 3500 feet from
its west shore, and within the corporate
limits of the city of San Francisco.
Leading up to his decision Commission
er Hermann says: "This office has never
recognized the island as submerged and
it does not appear that it has been so con
sidered by the people of the city. Although
the State has apparently attempted to
convey I am unable to t!nd under what
law it can claim title. The decision hing
ed on whether an approved plat of the
exterior limits of the city has been filed
in the General Land Office, and exhaus
tive search has failed to find any trace
of it."
The decision goes into minute details
sustaining its action as against the claims
of the city and the drydoek people.
Bryan's Resignation Accepted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.— The writ
ten resignation of Colonel W. J. Bryan
came to the War Department this
afternoon by mail, and was immediate
ly accepted, notice of that fact being
telegra#ied to Bryan.
DAVIS FOR
NEW TRIPLE
ALLIANCE
United States, Eng
land and Japan.
TO AID FAR EAST INTERESTS
PEACE COMMISSIONER WOULD
DEFY REST OF WORLD .
Other Nations Would Have a Whole
some Fear, Synonymous of Re
spect, for the Powerful
Combination.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 13.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Mall summarizes
this morning an interview he had with
United States Senator Cushman K. Da
vis of the Peace Commission, who advo
cates a triple alliance between the United
States, Great Britain and Japan. The
correspondent says:
Mr. Davis declared that American and
British interests in the Far East run quite
parallel and that, therefore, the two
powers should act jointly.
"I am not appealing to sentiment," he
said, "though blood is thicker than water,
and this argument should not be ignored.
My theory in favor of co-operation is
borne out by the coldest logic. I favor a
treaty of alliance, Including the United
States, Great Britain and Japan, for the
protection of all their interests north of
the equator. The rest of the world would
have a wholesome fear, synonomous of
respect for us."
>®®®®®®®@® ®®® ®®®®O ®®®®®®®®®® ®®®®®@®
) . ."ri'-'C ®
) ""and'uisters 00 $ Keep warm, be cpm= ®
*SiL £$? fortable, present a good |
>l a ppearaince. What'liyou ®
} " " have — an Overcoat or ©
! Ulster? : I
)"•;■ - — _ _ . , ©
); ; c^>-,r^\ Blue Melton Single-Breasted, Fly §
> Front Overcoats, cut in latest styles, ®
J H«a^£- 1 beautifully lined, warm and com- ®
_^5/V fortable; guaranteed to <PH tZf\ ®
g yf^^Y\ fit; all w001...... ..... 4>/«3U ©
I rSI I «^g^^ Blue Chinchilla Ulsters, great big, ©
5 \/d( L^^^fL^comfortable double-breasted Ulsters. ®
D Ulsters that defy the coldest §
I VPV P ' "'C ■ weather. Made in the best pos- ®
d "I sible , manner and guaranteed to ®
D A wear well. All wool ... C*7 /TT) ®
. . . . .................. S'V ♦ V vl ©
a _ — _ : _ — ®
r ill ■■ ■■•„ J A Good Line of |®
! . ii Men s Winter Suits- I
We have selected this line of Suits from our entire stock as g,
I being most acceptable to men who want a moderate priced, all- ©
wool, stylish looking Suit. We have them in a large assortment ®
s) of new designs, in Cassimeres, Cheviots and Worsteds, many ®
i) of which will not be found elsewhere on this Coast. You can ®
S) make your.choice of either single or double breasted Suits and 5
•) can be sure that you will be fitted perfectly. Every <|»q f\f\ ©
•> one of these Suits all wool.. <4>7*UU .@
j) ' , '..-,• • - ; &
•) . ®
I 1% A Special Christmas |
I Offer, From Now TiU •
I A the2stL 1
*' J^^^-^MCT An eIe S ant and extensive line of Smoking ®
•) Wa^'-'-'jflSP Jackets that we have laid in on pur- &<a *^r ®
•) jj^-^^^^ P ose or the holidays will be sold for.. 4>tt*/D @
5 C''^ I Beautiful and tasty in design, and so con- ©
'<k*(\ I niJ ducive to comfort, there is hardly another thing ©
5 "' -An that a father or brother would appreciate more. ®
•> YV ®
•> :.—: .— -— —  . . ... ,- ■ . : ; : : " ■ ®
I In Furnishing Goods §
I A Warm Purchase for This I
S) (^fJifl \Y7d^4-1-»i»4» All-woo!, soft and comfortable Underwear that G>
V-«O1U W Cillllcr* you cannot possibly obtain . else- d* 1 f\f\ ®
~il : : where, at... Per Garment 4) k + \J\J ©
\— — ; : ; ..... .... — I
I v^fV ' A Holiday Silk - / ; 1
! ><C * ":\" Handkerchief Special. %
j) jmfflmt or th ' vvee^ on ' v we w ''' °^ er Io ° dozen ®
' } \^^ w2sr Pure Si Handkerchiefs, with colored bor- ®
9 ders, the same quality we have been *yr ®
9 - \BStr selling at 50c, f0r. ... ... ....... ..... ZDC®
I- ' _ ."'•.:' -. / ..' ■ '.. :.. ■''■''■■"■■ _- . ®
9 . . We have doubled the space allotted to ?
5 <^<ftMg||flMMPi^PiSatchels, Valises, Dress Suit Gases and Grips -)r
5) mfkSSii^iSJAX^jL/SJof all kinds, and now with a greatly enlarged ®
5 new stoc^ can show the most complete assort- ®
5 fljL^gg£i3K^USMSa|gCT ment of these goods in the city. Prices in ®
:i): i) J^^^^^^^^^g^^^keeping with those prevailing in all our other ©
i) -.■... .' ..■/-'■■ - . ' ".".-"■ """ '";-• " .._ _. _ ,'- . /'_ ..;....■_, ~. : ® :
•> Our Made-to-Order Department is the most complete and pop"
s)' ular tailoring department on the Pacific Coast. Everything in ,® .
2>.;- the way of stylish ■ Suitings, z Trouserings, < Overcoatings and Ul- ®
** sierings. Suits made to order from 10 up, Trousers from $3 up/ 0
[ S. N. WOOD& CO., I
® 718 Market Street, S. F. ®
® ®
s)®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®©o®®®®®®®®®®®
He proceeded to argue that Russia,
Germany and France had secured the
great bulk of the commercial benefits In
China to the exclusion of both the Uni
ted States and England. He suggested
that such a dreibund could have nothing
to fear from any coalition of other na
tions, and that, therefore. It would tend
to preserve the peace.
"There are still 500 years of vigorous
fight in England." said Mr. Davis, "which
shows no sign of decrepitude, while strong
as America is, it will take several hun
dred years to develop her promise and
potency. I do not see why other nations
should object to the alliance. If they do.
let them. Germany already by special
legislation has immensely injured
America's commercial interests. German-
Americans regret this attitude on the
part of the mother country.
"So far as the Philippines are con
cerned, there will be an open door, but
not free trade. Our protective policy
will be' applied witnout favoring any na
tion, and the local needs of our new t«l*
ritories will be considered."
AMERICAN VOLUNTEERS
LAND AT HAVANA
HAVANA, Dec. 12.— The Two Hundred
and Second New York Regiment began to
land at 6 o'clock this morning, and at 8
o'clock a column about 1000 strong
marched from the San Jose wharf to the
Christina railroad station. The troops
were led by Colonel Seyburn and Major
Abbott, the regimental band playing sim
ple marches. The color sergeants bore
the stars and stripes and the blue and
gold banner of the State of New York.
After some delay, two trains loaded
with troops pulled out of the depot. Some
of the troops belonging to this detach
ment are bound for the city of Pinar del
Rio, about 118 miles from here. The oth
ers will be stationed at Guanayajay and
Mariel. not far from here, in the province
of Pinar del Rio.
The First North Carolina Regiment,
which arrived here yesterday morning on
the Tnited States transport Roumanian,
disembarked this morning and marched
through the city with band and colors to
camp at Marianao. By the time the regrl
ment had reached the suburb of Cerro
many hundreds of men. women and chil
dren were following, all showing deep
emotion, the men embracing one another,
the women weeping from excessive pleas
ure, and the children shouting endearing
names as the North Carolinans marched
along.
The troops were amazed at the intensity
of feeling displayed. Several hundred Cu
bans followed the regiment all the way
to Marianao, a distance of seven miles.
34-
PROMPT ACTION IS
NOW REQUIRED IN
THE PHILIPPINES
Army and Navy Men Believe a Blow
Should Be Struck and American
Rule Established.
Twenty-Five Thousand Men, With Modern Artillery,
Would Be Sufficient to Disband the
Filipino Army.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
t»> JameH Gordon nennett.
MANILA, Dec. 12.— 1 have made an
investigation of the Philippine problem
now before the United States, and the
consideration of which demands
prompt solution. According to my in
structions I have endeavored to ascer
tain not only the feelings of the Fili
pinos toward Americans, but also the
opinions of military and naval officers
here as to what regimen in their opin
ion ought to be established. In com
pany with several agents. l have visited
provinces, and have had exceptional
facilities for forming judgment as to
the wants of the people
We found the rebel forces, which are
well armed, and largely composed of
the lowest type of Filipinos, opposed to
American rule, and, indeed, to any
form of legitimate government. The
better class of the people in the insur
gent ranks, who have been forced to en
list, are discontented at the small pay
and short rations.
After a comprehensive glance over
the whole situation, I am convinced it
il impossible to recognize the native re
public.
Thousands of the peacefully disposed
among the Filipinos are disgusted and
request that Agninaldo be compelled
to withdraw his forces from the towns,
where they live by pillage.
In addition the natives of the prov
inces are made to sell their produce to
rebel officers at exceedingly low prices
and are heavily taxed into the bargain.
I am not at liberty to mention names,
but both in the military and naval
circles in the American force here it
is paid that a decisive blow oughi t<j
be struck, and American rule ought to
be established gradually and firmly
and mixed regiments of natives and
Americans Ottght to be formed in those
provinces whence the principal food
supply is derived. Twenty-five thou
sand men with modern artillery would
be sufficient to disband the rebel army,
after which opposition here and in dis
tant provinces* would be of small im
portance and easily dealt with. The
people want peace and honest rulers.
This Is admitted privately, though
there is but little use in talking to the
natives. It is the opinion here that
the United States should act with de
cision and determination.
Hollo is still closely bt-sieged, and the
Spanish artillery makes havoc in the
rebel ranks. I managed to pass
through the Spanish lines and spoke
with insurerent officers. Some favor
the United States, while others support
MOONSHINE STILL
NEAR SAN ANTONIO
Whisky Manufactured and Sold in
Kegs Lacking the Govern
ment Stamp.
SAX RAFAEL. Dec. 12.— 1t is known
to many townspeople that for several 1
months' larpe quantities of whisky have !
been shipped to this city in kegs minus
the Government stamp. The liquor al
ways came from a point north of this city. |
Careful investigation, it is alleged, has |
led to the discovery of a still near San |
Antonio, where moonshiners are supposed :
to have been plying their illicit occupa- .
tion for some time. It is probable that j
arrests will follow.
Several weeks ago William Robertson j
noticed several unstamped kegs, and in- :
quired on the streets as to the identity of ,
the consignees, but was unable to learn, j
as the liquor was carted away at night, j
William Eden, son of Coroner Eden, sus
pecting that the liquor came from Novato, ,
asked Constable Louis Devoto of that
town in regard to the matter to-day, and
was surprised at the response the ques
tion elicited.
"Devoto admitted to me, said Eden,
''that the whisky was made near San An- |
toniu by some men who claim to have I
come from the East. He said they had |
rented a small cabin on a ranch near S;m
Antonio and were manufacturing ex
cellent whisky out of grape skins, grape •
seeds and grape wine tendrils. He told
me that he had seen the apparatus used
in its manufacture and had tasted the !
article Itself, the price of which is 80 j
cents a gallon. I asked him why he had |
not arrested the men and he answerr-d
that the ranch on which they were ope
rating belonged to a friend of his and he
did not like to interfere.
PERU TO NEGOTIATE A
MILLION-DOLLAR LOAN
Opposing Factions May Effect an
Agreement by Electing Bil
linghurst President.
Special Table to The Tall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
do-i Bennett.
LIMA, Peru, Dec. 12.— Congress has re-
Bponded quickly to President Pierola's
appeal for means to meet the alarming
deficit in national revenues by authorizing
him to contract a loan of a million dol
lars.
There are rumors of a conciliation of the
opposing groups in politics here on a ba-
Bls of electing Vice President Billinghurst
to be President of the republic and Senor
Aspillagu to be Vice President.
PROMOTED BY THE PRESIDENT.
Army Officers Named In Nomina
tions Sent to the Senate.
WASHINGTON, Deo. 12.-The President
to-day sent these nominations to the Sen
ate:
War— Regular army, cavalry arm: Cap
tains to be majors— Charles A. P. Hat
field, J. B. Kerr, J. H. Dorst, George San
dc-rpon. First lieutenants to be captain*—
Lester W. Cornish. T. R. Rivers, John
A. Loekwood, Henry T. Allen. Second
lieutenants to be first lieutenants, in
fantry — Samuel P. Lyon, William T.
Schenck.
Medical Department— To be assistant
surgeons with rank of first lieutenant:
Clyde S. Ford of West Virginia. James
B. Church of the District of Columbia.
H. A. Ashburn of Ohio, E. A. Dean of
Tennessee, R. B. Wesredge of kowa,
F. M. C. Usher of Kentucky. S. T^.^teer
of Pennsylvania, W. F. Truby a€ Pean
the idea of a native republic. They are
about thirty thousand strong, armed
with long knives, though they have also
■even thousand rifles. They are quite
undisciplined, and would be helpless be
fore modern guns. The Spanish,
though numbering only about eight
hundred men, have good field guns and
are holding out bravely.
PROPOSED GOVERNMENT
OF THE PHILIPPINES
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: There is reason to believe the
subject of the government of the Phil
ippines will be carefully considered at
to-morrow's meeting of the Cabinet.
The proclamation it is proposed to send
to General Otis for issuance has prac
tically been completed and will be laid
before the President, it is expected, by
Secretary Hay. The proclamation is
similar to that published by General
Wood when this Government first as
sumed control at Santiago de Cuba. It
will urge the inhabitants of the Philip
pines to return to peaceful pursuits and
will promise them local participation
in Philippine affairs, with the promise
of eventual self-government under the
jurisdiction of the United States.
The proclamation, it is expected, will
have a beneficial effect upon the insur
gents and will induce them to yield
to General Otis' wishes and disband.
General Otis cabled to the War Depart
ment several days ago that he was able
to cope with the situation, but sug
gested that additional regulars be sent
to him. Secretary Alger told me to
night that that message and all pre
vious dispatches from the military
commander failed to show that the
rebel forces were opposed to American
rule. He, as well as other members of
the Cabinet, are confident that when
the Filipinos understand the purpose of
the United States respecting them and
their islands they will be satisfied with
the character of the Government to be
given them.
So far as the formation of mixed
fegimenta of natives and Americans
is concerned the President would be
quite willing to form such regiments,
but he has no authority of law for do
ing so.
There is reason to believe the admin
istration will earnestly advocate the
passage of a law giving authority to
the President to enlist the natives of
the Philippines.
sylvanla and L. P. Williamson of Mis
souri.
Treasury— To be assistant surgeons in
the Marine Hospital service: J. \V. Kerr
of Ohio, Gustave A. Corput nf Lreornia
and Dana E. Robinson of Ohio.
UNCLE SAM'S RIGHTS IN
THE SAMOAN GROUP
Will Not Be Overlooked. Particularly
in the Event of the Opening of
an Isthmian Canal.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.-The Govern
ment is not aware that any arrangement
has been made for the transfer of the title
of the Samoan Islands to Germany, and,
being one of the parties to the tripartite
agreement under which Samoa is now
governed, It is not conceivable that any
change can be made in the status without
the consent of the United States. The
European publication intimating that Ger
many had acquired sole rights in the Sa
moan group is recognized as a diplomatic
feeler, being another of the attempts
which have been made at intervals of
three months for the past two or three
years to ascertain how a change in the
established order as to Samoa would be re
ceived in the United States. The workings
of the tripartite agreement, it is frankly
acknowledged, have not been entirely- sat
isfactory to any one of the three parties
the United States. Great Britain and Ger
many, but our Government sees no fea
sible method yet of bringing about a more
desirable arrangement. This being the
case, and the importance of the islands as
a port of call for American shipping
promising to become greatly increased in
the event of the opening of an isthmian
canal, the Government of the United
States will not consent to relinquish any
The German Embassador, Dr. yon Hol
leben, called at the State Department to
day and had an interview with Secretary
GIVES RIGHT OF WAY
FOR A NEW RAILROAD
David Jacks of Monterey County Aids
the Monterey and Fresno
Line.
SALINAS, Dec. 12.-The right of way
for the proposed Monterey and Fresno
railroad is being obtained as rapidly as
possible, David Jacks has given t c
company the right of way over the lands
owned by him lying between Monterey
and Salinas and beyond the latter place,
with the stipulation, however that the
road be fully completed and in working
condition within nine months from the
date of the execution of the agreement
for the right of way. The road is now
assured, as this right was the most im
portant one, covering the route for nearly
twenty miles. J
GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR.
Capitalist Wright Convicted of Hay-
ing Obstructed a Street.
HAN RAFAEL, Dec. 12.— After a trial
in Judge Gardner's court of the charge
brought against President Wright of the
American Land and Trust Company by
Mrs. Kate G. uecord, a jury required just
ten minutes to find Wright guilty of a
misdemeanor in having obstructed a
street. Sentence will be pronounced next
Wednesday.
Waterman fountain pens, pretty boxes
of fine papers, sterling silver desk orna
ments, inkstands. Bibles and prayer-books
for Christmas in stationery department at
Sanborn & Vails. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S HEALTH
IS BEING UNDERMINED
Hero of Manila Giving Way Under the Worry and High
Tension to Which He Has Been
Subjected.
CHICAGO, Dec. 12.— The Manila correspondent of the Inter Ocean
Is In a position to say that for physical reasons Admiral Dewey ought
to go home. It would be inexact to sayhe is sick, but to those who have
seen him frequently during his hard campaign here since May last it
Is evident the long strain is beginning to tell on him. The effect of
the worry and high nervous tension to which the admiral has been
subjected throughout the summer is becoming apparent. At the same
time the necessity for keeping him there is practically ended.
"When Admiral Dewey was summoned to return to the United
States a few months ago he informed the Government there was
still important work at Manila for him to do, and the orders for his
return were countermanded, the Washington authorities realizing he
was the best man to deal with any questions that might arise in the
Philippines.
As the situation develops, however, It becomes more and more
apparent that part of the work the navy has yet to do there will be
largely of a routine character, and Admiral Dewey, feeling that this
is so, is satisfied to go home. At the same time he dreads somewhat
the reception which the thousands of letters he has received assure
him awaits him on his return.
Throughout the fleet, as well as among Americans generally at
Manila, there is a strong feeling that the admiral Is entitled to take
the Olympia home by way of the Suez canal. It would undoubtedly
greatly please the admiral to receive an order Instructing him to
return to the United States by that route.
Without going so far as to say that it would seriously endanger
Admiral Dewey's health to ask him to remain till the treaty is rati
fied, it is quite true to say it would subject him to a great strain,
which would be liable, if not likely, to produce unhappy results.
REGULARS TO RELIEVE VOLUNTEERS AT MANILA.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.— 1t was said at the War Department to-day
that the regulars to relieve the volunteers at Manila would prob
ably leave about January 1. It is the purpose to send Bix regiments,
three of which will go via the Suez Canal, but the three others may be sent
via San Francisco. The transports used to carry the troops via the Suez
will be retained at the Pacific Station for future use. General Corbin
said to-day that the volunteers at Manila would, be Celleved in the order
in which they were assigned to duty there. This order was as folldws:
First California, First Oregon," First Colorado, Tenth Pennsylvania and
Utah Battery. There seems a fair prospect that California's soldiers will
be home within three months.
The War Department has begun in earnest the relief of the volunteer
troops now stationed at Manila by regulars. This afternoon Secretary Al
ger signed an order designating for this purpose six regiments of United
States infantry, out of eight held in reserve for service in tropical coun
tries. The regiments are the Twentieth, at Fort Leavenworth. Kans. ; the
Third, at Fort Snelling, Minn.; the Twelfth, at Jefferson Barracks, Mo., and
Fort Riley, Kans.; the Seventeenth, at Columbus Barracks, Ohio, the Fourth,
at Fort Sheridan, and the Twenty-second, at Fort McCook, Neb. They
will go forward to Manila as soon as transportation can be provided. It may
be that the two regiments still held in reserve, the Twenty-fourth and the
Twenty-fifth Infantry, will Join the others before they sail. These regi
ments were selected in the reverse ratio to the loss sustained by them in
the Cuban campaign.
WORKMEN IMPRISONED IN A BURNING MINE.
POTEAU, I. T., Dec. 12.— An explosion in the Indianola and Hathaway
mine, three miles from here, at 9 o'clock to-night caused the death of at
least five men. Twenty-five others are imprisoned in the mine, which is
on fire and it is feared that few of them can be rescued. The disaster
was caused by an explosion of dust, following a blast. One hundred men
were at work In the mine at the time. The greatest excitement prevails in
the vicinity of the mine, and the names of the dead and imprisoned miners
cannot be obtained.
CHARGES AGAINST ATTORNEY AND JUDGE.
CLEVELAND, 0., Dec. 12. — Charges in disbarment proceedings against
State Senator Burke have been filed with Judge Hale, Presiding
Judge of the Circuit Court. Charges in expulsion proceedings against
Common Pleas Judge F. E. Dellenbaugh have been filed with Judge C. E.
Penwell of the Investigation Committee of the Cleveland Bar Association.
These separate sets of charges were filed this afternon by H. B. Chapman,
secretary of the Bar Association.
WILL SHIP SHEEP TO THE RIO GRANDE COUNTRY.
STOCKTON, Dec. 12. — Miller & Lux, the stock raisers, have completed
preliminary arrangements for the removal of 60.000 sheep to the Rio
Grande country, and possibly, into Mexico. They fear another dry sea
son and are preparing for the worst. The shipments will be held off a
couple of weeks to ccc what the prospects are for rain. They have had sev
eral thousand sheep on reclaimed islands below the city this year.
COLUMBIA RIVER BLOCKED BY ICE FLOES.
VANCOUVER, Wash., Dec. 12.— The floating Ice which began coming
down the Columbia River yesterday morning lodged on the sandbar
in the river below this city and by this morning the river was com
pletely blocked against navigation. No boats have been able to come fur
ther up the Columbia to-day than the mouth of the Willamette liiver.
TALK OF A FRANCO-GERMAN RAPPROCHEMENT.
PARIS, Dec. 12.— Count yon Munster, the German Embassador. gave a
dinner this evening at the German Embassy in honor of M. del Casse.
French Minister of Foreign Affairs. The papers to-morrow will make
much of the incident. There is a strong feeling in favor of a Franco-Ger
man rapprochement as a result of the Fashoda affair.
DEATHS AMONG TROOPS
STATIONED AT HONOLULU
Private Wardell of the New York
Volunteers Commits Suicide by
Taking Carbolic Acid.
HONOLULU, Dec. 4. — Private Fred
erick Wardell committed suicide on the
30th ult. by taking a dose of carbolic acid.
He was 23 years of age, a member of
Company X, New York Volunteers. He
was born in Poughkeepsie, N. V., where
his parents reside.
Granville L. Wells, Company H, New
York Volunteers, died at the military
hospital on the Ist. His body will be sent
The' transport St. Paul left lor Manila
on the 30th ult.
OPPOSED TO POLYGAMY.
Missionary Women Working Against
the Seating of Roberts of Utah.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 12.— The Pres
byterian Woman's Home Missionary So
ciety to-day appointed a delegate to go
to Washington to speak for it in behalf
of the rejection of Brigham H. Roberts,
Congressman-elect from Utah.
The Presbyterian and Methodist preach
ers' meeting to-day appointed delegates
to represent them on the same subject
and to argue for an anti-canteen bill and
against the proposed repeal of prohibition
in Alaska. These matters will come up
for discussion in to-morrow's convention
in Washington.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 12.— Congressman
Brigham H. Roberts of Utah is reported
to have three wives, and the Methodist
ministers of Los Angeles are therefore
indignant at the prospect that he may be
allowed to take his seat among the Con
gressmen of the United States. The mat
ter was brought up and thoroughly dis
cussed at a meeting of the ministers held
this morning.
Rev. William Knighten made a stirring
speech in which he declared that Mor
mons had teachers even in this city who
were seeking to spread their religion and
who were winning many to the doctrine
they preached. Rev. C. P. Dandy said
that as polygamy had been declared il
legal in the United States this man hod
no right to be in Congress.
It was decided to appoint a committee,
composed of officers of the association, to
draft proper resolutions. If approved by
the association these resolutions will be
forwarded to Congressman R. J. Waters,
with the request that he use his influence
j to keep the Utah Congressman from being
recognized.
Organizations of women throughout the
country are taking up the subject, and
numerous protests will be presented to
Congress.
WORK AT MARE ISLAND.
Rebuilding of the Cruiser Banger Is
Progressing Rapidly.
VALLEJO. Dec. 12.— The rebuilding of
the United States cruiser Ranger at Mare
Island Is progressing rapidly. A large
crew is at work and will commence work
on the iron bulkheads this week. The
Wheeling came out of dock to-day. She
will receive her supply of coal and pro
visions In a few days and will then sail
for northern seas. The Iroquois has been
thoroughly overhauled and is ready to
go into commission. Commander Henry
Nichols has been ordered to Manila to
take charge of the Monndnock. He left
the navy yard on Saturday.
Stricken by Heart Disease.
FRESNO. Dec. 12.— Samuel A. Alex
ander, a pioneer merchant, manager of
the Chicago Novelty Company, was
found dead from heart disease at mid
night, when his wife tried to arouse him.
The remains will be sent for burial to
La Grange, Texas, his former home. The
deceased was until a few months ago a
member of the large clothing house of
Alexander & Goodman. A widow and
five children survive him.
Blaze at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 12.— A fire started
in the basement of the American Cash
Store, at Fifth and X streets, this even
ing, and was got under control only after
two hours' stubborn work by the Fire
Department. Much of the surplus stock
carried was stored In the basement. The
damage to stock and building was about
$3000. C. A. Dodge's printing office was
ruined. Loss, $2500.
Salinas Valley Pioneer Gone.
SALINAS, Dec. 12.— Larenco Dee, a
pioneer of the Salinas Valley, died at
Castrovllle this afternoon, aged 64. - ; For
many years he had been a tenant on the
Cooper ranch, a few miles from here. He
had resided In Monterey ' County • for over
thirty years. .-....—■• :-••-■•
LABOR TROUBLES
IN THE ISLANDS
Move to Annul Hawaii's
Contract System.
PETITION SENT TO CONGRESS
WHITE MEN TAKE UP THE CBU
SADE AGAINST ASIATICS.
It Is Claimed That There Are Plenty
of Laborers in the United States
to Do All the Work on the
Sugar Plantations,
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU, Dec. 4.— lt is futile for
the sugar planters and their local or
gans to endeavor to suppress the fact
from reaching the mainland, for it is
undoubt-dly true, that the tocsin of la
bor is beginning to send forth its warn
ing tones in Hawaii. There may never
be such an outbreak here against
coolie labor as California suffered from
In the days when the cry of "The Chi-
nese Must Go" echoed through the
land, but the indications for agita
tion, and of a very practical if not
forceful character, are very numerous.
It has been surmised for some time
past that the American labor element
was secretly at work organizing and
within the last few days they have
announced their intention to present a
petition to Congress, which is being
numerously signed by the genuine
working classes of all grades. While
among the leaders are old residents
and practical politicians from the old
imerican League, one of the formerly
dominant political factions, the most
active of the agitators are men of com
paratively recent arrival, who believed
this country to be a second El Dorado,
but have been disappointed in their
hopes.
As The Call is here recognized as
the most earnest and warmest support
er of the American workingman's cause
I have been furnished with a copy of
the petition, which reads:
To the United States Senate and House
of Representatives, in Congress assem
bled:
Whereas, There are approximately 50,000
Asiatics and 4000 Americans in these
islands; and whereas this great disparity
in the races has been brought about
through the law permitting the importa
tion of contract laborer*; and whereas
Americans can do, -without impairment of
their health, all work on Hawaiian sugar
plantations; and whereas approximately
Soou contract laborers have been landed
in these islands since the American flag
was raised over them on August 12 last;
and whereas the Government of these
islands has permitted the importation of
7UOO more contract laborers to V 'be landed
before the end of the ftrst quarter of 1899;
and whereas every imported alien laborer
prevents Liie immigration to these islands
of an American laborer and his family;
and whereas the contract labor system,
enforced by criminal procedure and im
prisonment at hard labor, is. closely akin
in principle and often in the brutality
with which it is enforced by the planta
tion owners to human slavery; therefore,
we, the undersigned American citizens,
permanently residing or temporarily so
journing In the Hawaiian Islands, do
hereby petition your honorable body to:
I — Extend to these islands at the earliest
possible moment the United States immi
gration laws.
ll— Disallow and annul the contracts
and arrangements of the present Hawaiian
Government for the importation of the
before mentioned 7000 contract laborers,
provided this can be done without violat
ing the constitution or treaties of the
United States.
Ill — Abolish criminal procedure and
criminal punishments to enforce the per
formance of labor contracts.
Some of the leading projectors of the
movement in defending themselves
from the attacks of the planters' or
gans claim that the laborers on sugar
plantations should be placed on the
same scale, as far as wages and living
accommodations, as are the laborers
on the sugar beet fields in the United
States; and further they claim, from
personal knowledge and correspond
ence, that in the Eastern and Middle
States there is a sufficient supply of
competent agricultural labor to sup
plant the coolie element, willing to
work at wages almost as low as those
paid to the second-term day laborers.
coolies and Portuguese, say from $18
to $21 a month, but they would proba
bly also require a food allowance. They
also maintain that if the planters are
permitted, by way of temporary con
cession or compromise, to procure "as
sisted" labor they should be compelled
to honestly endeavor to obtain it from
the United* States before seeking for it
in Poland, Austria, Italy, Scandinavia
or Portugal.
The fact is that the spirit of unrest
Is abroad and a heated desire to thor-
oughly Americanize the islands lest we
forget, under the present peculiar con
ditions, that the Stars and Stripes float
over us for some better reason than as
a sentimental symbol of protection for
the planters' oligarchy and their system
of quasi feudal serfdom.
Owing to the cruel competition of
the Asiatics in ordinary mechanical
and industrial labor hundreds of good,
stalwart and honest citizen-making
men have called in here during the past
six months and left in disgust and
"dead broke" to give us a very un
pleasant "black eye." The Chinese will
evidently be attended to very string
ently by Commissioner J. K. Brown,
who decidedly means business.
Following the strike of the Galician
contract laborers came, like a thunder
cloud, on the 2d inst. a strike of 250
Hawaiian laborers of the Honolulu
Iron Works. They had two grievances.
The one was opposition to a new regu
lation preventing them from obtaining
money from the establishment except
on the fortnightly payday, which new
regulation they asked might be rescind
ed as the Chinese would not otherwise
give them credit for their staple food
"pol." Their second was that they did
not receive the same pay as white men
of the same grade of labor. They wish
ed their wages raised from $8 to $12 a
week. After a consultation with the
management they consented to work
until the end of the year on the same
conditions until a definite arrangement
could be arrived at.
President Dole has about arranged
to leave for Washington, with Mrs.
Dole, by the steamer leaving here on
January 20.
Fire at Placerville. «
PLACERVILLE, Dec. 12.-The Placer
ville Flour Mills burned at 2 o'clock this
morning. An adjoining residence, that of
George E. Foster, was destroyed before
the fire was got under control. The flour
mill and contents were insured for $6000,
and the Foster building for $1000.
Railroad Trains to Bun Slower.
Railroad officials claim that It is very ex
pensive to run their lightning express trains,
and are talking about reducing the speed. It
la likewise expensive to the health to rush
and struggle and compete in business affairs
as men do nowadays. The brain, the nerves,
the muscles, the whole system gives out. For
restoring strength after business worries
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is the proper
remedy. It is an ideal to">" for the tired, the
run-down and tbe wea>
BURGE IS BESTED
BY BOBBY DOBBS
American Wins in the
Eighth Round.
ENGLISHMAN CLAIMS A FOUL
REFEREE BTTLES AGAINST HIS
CONTENTION.
Crowd at the Ringside Cheers When
the Decision Is Given in Favor
of the Colored
Lad.
NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE, Eng., Dec.
12.— Bobby Dobbs, the American, beat
Dick Burge in a boxing contest here to
night for a purse of £250 and £300 a side.
In the eighth round Burge claimed a foul,
which the referee refused to allow.
Burge's backer thereupon declined to per
mit him to continue the fight.
Burge was a hot favorite, but looked
careworn, while Dobbs was in splendid
condition.. The opening rounds were rath
er feeble. There were several clinches in
which Burge had the advantage. With
the sixth round the tide began to turn.
Burge had tired perceptibly. In the fol
lowing round Dobbs settled to good form,
putting in excellent work.
Fouls were- claimed on both sides in this
round, but the referee ignored them. In
the eighth round there was desperate
fighting, Dobbs landing stinging hits on
the body and Burge being compelled to
give way. Both reeled to the ropes in
the holds. A foul was claimed, but the
referee refused to allow it and awarded
the fight to Dobbs, amid cheers from the
crowd.
The Burge party lodged a protest
against the payment of the stakes, and
threatened to make sensational revela
tions.
The sporting papers to-morrow, how
ever, will say that although the tactics
of Dobbs at the beginning of the fight
were suspicious, he deserved all praise
for his subsequent style and easily proved
himself by far the better man.
FINED FOR POACHING.
Oakland Merchant Prosecuted by the
Cordelia Club.
SUISUN, Dec. 12.— Several hours were
taken up in the Superior Court at Fair
field t iay in hearing the testimony in
the pn.eeJings* against Robert Boyer, the
Oakland merchant, for contempt of court.
A number of local sportsmen were pres
ent J. N. Young of San Francisco and Q.
R. Coghlan of this place appeared for the
Cordelia Club and District Attorney F. R.
Devlin for Boyer.
An injunction was issued and finally
made perpetual two years ago, prohibit
ing hunting on the Chamberlain tract of
6000 acres of tule land near Teal station.
Boyer was one of the defendants in that
action and was served with the injunction.
From the evidence to-day it appears
that Boyer was found hunting on the
tract on November 22 of this year. He
claimed he did not know he was on forbid
den ground. The court found him guilty
of having violated the injunction, but said
as there was some question as to his hav
ing done so willfully, and as this was the
first violation of its mandate, he would
be lenient, but for any future violation
he would be more severe. He thereupon
fined Boyer $10, which fine was paid.
Captain Chittenden, keeper of the pre
serves, threatened to whip Boyer after
court adjourned. For a few minutes it
looked as though the courthouse would
S£ th .~ s^ene of a slugging match. Under
Sheriff Robinson interfered before blows
were struck.
A FELONY CHARGE
AWAITS DIRECTORS
GRAND JURY LOOKS UP THE
LAW.
This Evening McGlade's Examina
tion Will Begin— Warrants All
Declared to Be Forgeries.
If there is a law on fhe statutes by
•which it can be dona fhe Grand Jury
before it adjourns will bring an indict
ment for felony against every member of
the Board of School Directors. This de
cision was arrived at last evening after
a decidedly warm meeting of the jury
and Assistant District Attorney Dunne
was instructed to look up the law and
prepare an opinion and plan of opera
tion in as short a time as possible. The
misappropriation of funds and general
malfeasance in office are the charges that
were discussed, and though the original
investigation into specific charges has
practically failed through the disappear
ance of most important witnesses ma
jury is confident that it has enough gen
eral evidence to bring a criminal action
on the charges mentioned.
Among the matters just at present occu
pying the attention of the jury is the
lease of the Lincoln school lot, of which
The Call made a thorough expose Borne
weeks ago. J. C. Martin, who put up the
check that bound the contract, was on
the carpet last evening and will be prob
ably called again to-morrow night, as it
is said that he is willing to tell all he
knows of that operation.
To-night the jury will give its whole
attention to the case of Peter McGlade
and it is likely that if an indictment be
found at all it will require only the one
meeting to do it. Detective Thomas Gib
son has so prepared the evidence he nas
t#>l)iny
fiANOS
Unsjtrpassrt in , By Our Sys-
TO des.ch ' : ■■.■;■ -i'to/P/i of pay.
•M durability- \;.[ ments, every
: </■-'•/ ■-'• ;■•" • family of mod-
\^s^f?o>r erate circum-
_.-^P^ stances can
own a fine piano. We take old in-
struments in exchange and deliver
the piano in your house free of
expense.
Write for catalogue and full ex-
planations.
You can deal with us at a distant
point the same as in San Francisco.
Clark Wise & Co.,
41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grant m.
SAN FRANCISCO.
SDK. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOS
v Five hundred reward for any case
we cannot c*"".-. This secret remedy
stops all < losses In 24 hours, cures
Emissions, . Impotency, Varlcocele,
Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Strictures,
Lost Manhood and all was! lng ef-
fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
_ sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles, ls; guar-
I anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
BTITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
: for sale at 1073'4 . Market at.. S. F. All pri-
j vate diseases autckjy cured. Send fox tree book.
gathered that it will require not more
than an hour to sum un the whole case.
Complications have been removed by the
discovery of positive proof that every
name on the last batch of bogus warrants
was forged, save the name of McGlado
himself. Charlie Derham and Deputy Ma
ginnis were put to the test by the ex
perts and from a dozen or more warrants
all similarly signed they selected the for
geries from the genuine, and as a result
all investigation looking to the discovery
of possible confederates has ceased for
the present.
A NEW LIFE. . .
A NEW LIFE. no more.
A NEW LIFE '
. , A NEW LIFE
TSgF A NEW LIFE
1 '", A NEW LIFE
A V\LVI LllL*
There are not a few men In this hard world
of ours who would give much to have a new
life or fresh start in the world. This Is es-
pecially true of men who have dissipated or
abused themselves.
Abusing ' one's self Is a privilege, but It la
one of those privileges none ought to take,
for just as certain as you abuse yourself you
pay the penalty.
Vice is loathsome, vice Is horrible, vice drags,
vice destroys. These being true. Is It not to
your Interest to get back your stomach, your
brain, your powers?
Leave drink, dissipation and abuse where you
found them, and renew yourself with the
remedlo treatment, Hudyan. This Hudyan can
be had only from the doctors of the Hudson
Medical Institute. No one else can give you
Hudyan. If you are weak and premature, if
you suffer from a premature ■ weakness you
should get the Remedy-treatment from the
Hudson Medical Institute. Call or write for
FREE CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute.
POISONED BLOOD.
First, secondary or tertiary form of
Blood Poison cured by the great 30-
- DAY BLOOD CURE. Write for
30-Day Blood Circulars.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
iiiiijiwSj/ /ink. v'SWyi? .Jmv. \QH ■
1 i^*jjt< try /utKm "TVfcV 1 ! WM»\ vKfffHßfl
! cgHMav /J^Sf Atv» J* xvNB *
/JO -•" yy^^^ftX
Absolute purity -Is " the
chief ornament of ■„ this
fame-crowned beer.
VAL.BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE. U.S. A.
Louis Gihen & Son f Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
-\%■" it %\ ko ■♦
X Neat, Serviceable.
♦ |F YOU MUST BUY CHRISTMAS
■ presents, why not rive something
useful, neat and serviceable? And such
V a present is always acceptable. Our a,
<£ stock of Holiday Novelties in Shoes and v
. Slippers is complete. Give us a call be-' ♦
v fore purchasing elsewhere. We appre- A
I + elate the fact that every one looks *
I . around and shops a little at this season ♦
I ▼ of the year, so give us a call, look. our *
i 4, stock over and if not satisfactory you *
are not compelled to buy. Gentlemen' s ♦
♦ Black or Brown Vicl Kid Romeos, I
▲ turned soles, reduced to 81.50 *
Ladles' Stylish Fur-trimmed Felt ' ♦
♦ Juliets, Flannel Lined. - Coin
▲ Toes; Colors Red, Brown or *
A Black «1.00 ♦
♦ Same as above, quilted .'.'.'.'.' IJJO a
Ladles' -Dongola Kid, Fur-trim- *
med Juliets, Coin T0e5..........; 1.50 Q
! ♦ Ladies' Fancy Plaid or Quilted a
i Fur-trimmed Juliets IJSO
•♦ CROCHET SLIPPERsTRed^Iue, Pink, a
+ Black or Brown: . v
Child's sizes. 8 to 10%.... 750 <^
Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 OOe ' A
A Ladies' sizes, 2% to 7 91.00 I
v Men's sizes. 6 to 11... 1.25 **
- i \S ' — - - ■ *^^
A ■ Men's Embroidered Slippers, either
v opera or Everett styles, from 75c up- ' ♦
<$> I ward. <^
Our new Illustrated catalogue Just ' ♦
♦ out; send for one. <$.
a Country orders solicited. Address Z_
♦ B. KATCHINSKI, "♦
♦ PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., t
♦ 10 Third St., San Francisco. . ♦
4. ♦ ♦ ♦ <$►♦ 4> ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ 4» ♦ '■$ ♦ ♦.♦ 4> ♦
SPECIAL TO-DAY
. ; IN
Children's^ Reefers.
/\t $2.50.
CHILDREN'S REEFERS, made of mixed
cheviot, double-breasted fronts, strap' backs,
trimmed with braid, worth -ft 50, sale pric«
$2 50 each. ■ - . , .
• [/If Murphy Building, J .
Market and Jones Streets.J, G. EDWARDS
PROSTRATED
BY PARALYSIS
Stroke Came While on
a Streetcar.
MYSTERY OF THE ATTACK
CANNOT BE CLEARED UNTIL THE
PATIENT IS ABLE TO SPEAK.
Car Conductor Supposed That the
Member-Elect of the State Board
of Equalization Was Asleep
or in a Stupor.
J. G. Edwards, member-elect of the
Btatfl Hoard of Equalization to represent
the First or San Francisco District, was
prostrated by a stroke of paralysis Thurs
day night. The stroke was so severe that
the patient has hardly regained conscious
ness. He is under the care of Dr. Chi
nese, the medical adviser of the Pacific
Mutual Life Insurance Company.
All the facts concerning the stroke and
the whereabouts of Mr. Edwards when it
occurred may not b« known until the pa
tient recovers the powers of speech. It
is known that he visited the office of his
brother, L. B. Edwards, general mana
ger of insurance companies, at 323 Cali
fornia street, about 3 o'clock Thursday
afternoon and while there talked with
Major J. H. Simpson, expressing satis
faction that Truman Reeves, the State
Treasurer-elect, had agreed to appoint
Captain Anderson to a position in the
Treasurer's office. Later in the day Mr.
Edwards telephoned to his family at 2021
California street that he would not be
home for dinner. It was understood that
he had an engagement to dine
with some friends in the cafe of
J. C. EDWARDS.
the flnua Spreckels building. It
upposed that after dinner he
the car for California street at
• ■ tion of Grant avenue, Market
1 Farrell streets, and took a trans-
Hyde for the California street car
V. <St.
The conductor observed that one of the
I \gers wemed in he sleeping soundly,
a not give the incident more than
passing thought until the end of the run
waa reached. The conductor then sought
to arouse the sleeping passenger, but did
-ceed. The gripman and conductor
:M<d and decided to ascertain the
name and residence of the passenger.
Letters In his Docket convinced them that
his name wan J. G. Edwards and his resi
dence 2<">2l California street. The car on
the inward trip was stopped at this num
ber on California street and Mr. Edwards
carried home. It in assumed that the
etmke occurrred just after he transferred
from one car to another at Hyde and
California streets. It may turn out that ;
Mr. Edwards got aboard of a California
stre'-r car at Kearny or Montgomery
street, but it was his daily custom to take
the other line and transfer. His friends !
conjecture that he was abie to take care,
of himself at the transfer point, and, i
therefore, reach the conclusion that the '
stroke did not come until he got aboard of
the main line car.
Mr. Edwards is the publisher and pro. ;
prietor of the Coast Review. He is a '
comrade of the Grand Army of the Repub- !
lie. and rendered special service in secur- j
ing money to establish the Veterans'
Home at Yountville. He received the Ro- ■
publican nomination for the State Board
of Kouaizatlon to succeed A. Chese
brough and was elected, defeating John
]'. J>unn. He was an active worker
Throughout the late campaign, and should
have taken a rest of two or three weeks
after the result was made known, but he
decided to remain in his office and attend
to the affairs of his insurance journal.
Last night the family physician report- i
ed that Mr. Edwards' condition was im- j
proving. L. B. Edwards, who is return- I
ing from a trip East, wired from Reno !
yesterday that he would arrive In Ban j
Francisco this morning.
Our Luxurious Life.
Ran Francisco is he-coming luxurious.
One by one those delightful old places
that have made our city a synonymous
t- rm for all that Is good to eat have
felt the impulse of the times and have
branched out.
Unrivaled luxury, splendid service
and famous chefs have given New
York her Sherry's, her Delmonico's
and her other magnificent dining pal
aces. The same spirit of opulent ele
gance has seized hold of San Francisco,
and to-day we can furnish the world
■with the best that money can command
at prices much lower than those of the
East and Europe.
The famous epicurean landmark of
(Francisco, the Poodle Dog, is the
lat< st to follow in the wake of Delmon
r.d Marchand with a new estab
lishment that savors, every inch of it,
with extreme metropnlitanlsm. For the
new place a most oriprinal idea is car
ut in th<^ decorations of the Hay-
lland china that will be usod. The |
iamous poodle, after which the restau- |
rant was named, is immortalized on i
every piece of the set. This uniquely j
tK-.'iutiful outfit of this celebrated china
Mas furnished by Nathan, Dohrmann
& Co., and is now on exhibition in their
art rooms, together with the superb |
Bilver service, mad" by Reed & Barton, j
that will also be used in the new Poodle
ThiK exhibition will demonstrate
probably better than anything else the
trend and growth of the luxuries in
dulged in by our modern life.
Battery in the "Drunk Cell."
Emll Ney. who claims to be a grandson
nt the famous Marshal Ney. was assault
ed In the "drunk" cell in the City Prison
yesterday morning by Mikr> O'Brien, an
engineer. Mike struck him on the nose
and poked his finger In his eye. Emll
was discharged along with the other
"drunks. " and went to the Receiving: Hos
j'ital, where his injured nose and eye were
nttended to. Mike was not so lucky. He
'.\»s booked on a charge of battery, and
will have to answer to the charge before
Judge Mogan this morning.
From Chicago, New York. Boston, we
deliver to all points ( resta Blanca wines.
Order Xmas presents now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co., 410 Post St., S. F. •
BAR BOUND AT NEHALEM.
THE schooners Volant and Seven Sisters went from here last October to load lumber. They got over
the bar all right, but before they were loaded the river had fallen and the entrance silted up. All at
tempts to get the vessels out have failed and they will have to remain where they are for the win
ter and perhaps longer than that unless a freshet opens up a way for them in the spring.
THE HEIRS OF
ADOLPH SUTRo
Will Battle Over the
Trust Clause.
ANSWER HAS BEEN FILED
TRUSTEES STAND BY THE OB
NOXIOUS PROVISION.
Emma L. Merritt and W. H. R. Adam
son Aver That the Title to the
Trust Estate Is Vested
in Them.
The clause in the -will of the late Adolph
Sutro establishing a trust over the major
portion of his estate will not be stricken
out and declared void without a bitter
legal fight. This trust clause has divid
ed the heirs of the deceased and it is
safe to assume that they will not again
amalgamate their efforts to settle the
vast estate until a decision of the highest
court upon this clause has been obtained.
Clara A. Sutr'o. Edgar E. Sutro, Kate
Nusbaum and Rosa V. Morbio appear as
plaintiffs In the action recently filed to
declare the trust clause of no effect
Those who stand by the provisions of the
will are Emma L. Merritt and W. II R
Adamson, as trustees of the trust estate-
George W. Merritt. husband of Emma l'
DOUBLE BARS ON
HIS SHOULDERS
Lieutenant Lockwood Promoted— Twice
He Marveiously Escaped Death.
T-URST Lieutenant John A. Lookwood. Troop M, Fourth United States
v cavalry, was yesterday promoted to be a captain. His nomination for
a captaincy was sent to the Senate by President MoKinley yesterday
along with the names of a number of other officers who were also
at th* Pro t *? Pta i n Lock^ood Is well known here, having been stationed
ai tne Presidio off and on ever since the Fourth Cavalry was ordered to
this station. Congratulations are
doubly in order In the case of Cap
tain Lockwood. He Is not an officer
who suggests romance, but there are
two occasions in his life that border
on the melodramatic, and. In fact,
the events referred to would make
material for a popular novel. There
is no denying that the guiding hand
of divine Providence has so far led
Captain Lockwood, and, as he him
self Is Inclined to express it, he has
played In luck. On no less than two
occasions should Captain Lockwood
have, metaphorically speaking,
passed in hi? checks.
He was born In Saxony, Germany,
and shortly after reaching his ma
jority entered thf» marine revenue
service as a cadet. Not long after
this he received his commission
as a second lieutenant in the
Seventeenth United States Infantry.
This was on November 23, 1880. It
was only a short time after this
that General Greely started on his
expedition to the north pole. Lieu
tenant Lockwood was very anxious
to accompany the expedition, and,
in fact, almost had the appointment,
when First Lieutenant John B. Lockwood of the Twonty-third Infantry,
who was a first cousin of Captain Lockwood, made application to go on
the expedition, and, being longer in the service, was given the preference
over Captain Lockwood, who up to the eleventh hour expected to go. The
captain's cousin was one of the unfortunates that never returned, and
only his frozen body was found by the relief party.
The first active service that Captain Lockwood saw was when he
joined his regiment at Fort Pemblna, North Dakota. He next ok a two
years" course at the infantry and cavalry school at Fort Leavenworth.
After graduating from there he rejoined his regiment at Fort Custer
Montana. In 1891 Captain Lockwood saw service in the Pine Ridge out
break, although at that time he was not actually under fire. He was
promoted to be first lieutenant on June 22, 1889. and not long afterward
transferred with First Lieutenant Walter M. Dickinson, then of the Fourth
Cavalry, Captain Lockwood coming to the Fourth Cavalry and Lieutenant
Dickinson going to the Seventeenth Infantry. Hereby nangs miracle num
ber two, for the Seventeenth Infantry was one of the regiments ordered
to Cuba, and Lieutenant Dickinson was one of the officers killed at the
head of the regiment in the San Juan Hill engagement.
Captain Lockwood during the late T*ar was ordered to Mississippi for
the purpose of mustering in the volunteer troops of that State. He mus
tered in the First and Second Volunteer regiments of the State. Captain
Lockwood is one of the most efficient officers in tne army. He. is excep
tionally well read and a close observer of many things connected with the
army, and ho shows the possession of a vast amount of detail knowledge
of his chosen profession. Captain Lockwood Is a son of Surgeon John A.
Lockwood of the navy, whose famous essay on "Flogging in the Navy,"
written for a Congressional committee, was the cause of the legislation
that abolished that horrid practice. Captain Lockwood 1b an exceedingly
popular officer. He Is pleasant and agreeable in his manner and most ap
pro achabla.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
Merritt; and Charles W. Sutro. The line
is about evenly drawn and the interests
of plaintiffs and defendants are about
even, so a bitter legal fight is assured.
In the complaint plaintiffs ask that all
questions concerning the validity of any
gift, devise or trust under any instru
ment purporting to be a will of Adolph
Sutro, under which the defendants claim,
save such questions as under the consti
tution belong exclusively to probate jur
isdiction, be finally determined and ad
judicated and determined in this action.
They also ask that it be decreed that the
said defendants have no interest in the
property and that Emma L. Merritt and
\V. H. R. Adamson and all parties claim
ing under them, be restrained from claim
ing any interest in the estate.
The property left in trust by the de
ceased includes all of the beach property,
which Is considered the most valuable
asset of the estate, and in the event the
trust clause is declared invalid, as it was
in the will of the late Senator Fair, its
value will doubtless be enhanced.
In the answer filed yesterday by the
defendants it is manifest that they have
joined issues, not that the legal points in
volved may be finally passed upon, but with
the purpose of sustaining the trust clause
as well as all the provisions of the will.
In the answer defendants deny that their
claims are without right and aver that
they are well founded; that the instru
ment establishing the trust is valid and
the will of Adolph Sutro. As trustees un
der the provisions of the will they aver
that they are the owners of the property
to which the plaintiffs seek possession
and are entitled to the possession of all
the property «=Pt forth in the complaint.
As an affirmative defense and counter
claim the defendants set forth that under
the terms of the will all the property set
forth in the complaint (the title to an un
divided two-thirds of which Is sought
to be quieted by the action) was con
veyed to the defendant trustees for
charitable purposes.
In conclusion the defendants pray that
the action ho dismissed: that the court
declare that the title to the property rests
In the trustees nam^d and that the plain
tiffs have not jointly, individually or oth
erwise any interest in or claim to the
most valuable portion of the estate of the
dead millionaire.
Lake Tahoe Railway Company.
The Lake Tnhoe Railway Company in
corporated yesterday with a capital stock
Of *i 00.000. Nt which $15,000 has been sub
scribed. The directors are: N. K. Masten.
F. I. Kendall nnd C. T. Bliss of this city,
and W. B. Tobey and D. L. Bliss of Car
son City. Nev. The company proposes to
build a narrow-gauge road from Truckee
to Lake Tahoe.
TWO SCHOONERS
CAUGHT IN THE
NEHALEM RIVER
The Bar Has Shoaled
Up on Them.
MADAME BARRIOS' DIAMONDS
A HARD-HEARTED INSPECTOR
MADE HER PAY DUTY.
Hard Luck of a Pleasure Party That
Went on th* Steam Launch.
Arizona and Got
Aground.
The schooners Volante and Sev?n Sisters
will not be seen In San Francisco Bay for
some months to come. They are in the
Nehalem River, and are likely to remain
there indefinitely. The Volante left here
on October 8 and the Seven Sisters on
October 22, In ballast. They reached
Xehalem all right, but no sooner had they
crossed In than the bar began to shoal.
Captains Krog and Rasmussen thought
the river would make another passage for
itself and proceeded to load their vessels.
Instead of making a passage for itself,
the river shoaled up the bar more and
more until the two schooners were fast
prisoners. After six weeks of waiting
Captains Krog and Rasmussen gave up
in despair and returned to the city with
their crews. The vessels are now hard
and fast in the river for the winter, and
the only chance for them is that a freshet
may open a new channel In the spring
and let them out.
Mme. Relne Barrios had quite a tilt with
the customs authorities before she got
her belongings off the Mail steamer City
of Panama. She is supposed to own one
of the most magnificent collections of
jewels in the world, and it was over these
that the trouble arose. She was walking
down the gangway of the steamer, when a
custom-house officer accosted her. In her
hand she carried a small satchel, and the
inspector asked to be allowed to inspect
the contents. Madame indignantly re
fused to allow the official to open the bag,
paying it contained her personal effects.
"I can't help that," was the answer. "I
must see the contents."
"There is nothing in it but my dia
monds, and they are valued at $100,000,"
said Mme. Barrios, quietly.
"All the more reason why I should Bee
them," as quietly answered the inspector.
"Diamonds are dutiable."
Madame protested that all the stones
were purchased in the United States, but
the officer was obdurate. Agent Schwerin
was appealed to, but he could only ad
vise that the diamonds be left aboard
the ship in the treasure-room until the
Collector of the Port could be appealed to.
Yesterday morning Mme. Barrios paid
JIUOO duty and received her jewels.*
The City of Peking went to the Mail
dock yesterday morning and landed her
passengers. Among her cargo was $1,
272,000 in gold yen. The bulk of this sum
is part payment for the cruiser Chitose.
Hhe brought over raw silk valued at 1900,
000 ami several Chinese who were refused
a landing at Honolulu. The United States
exclusion law is now in force In the
islands and a Chinese has to pass through
the same process that he does here in
order to land in Honolulu.
A big party of ladies and gentlemen had
an experience on the launch Arizona last
Sunday night they would not care to re
peat. The launch got aground near
Greenbrae and the gentlemen had to get
out and push her a mile over the mud be
fore deep water was reached. The Ari
zona left Folsom street wharf early Sun
day morning with Paul Sterner and wife.
Captain Hansen, A. Danielson and wife,
Q. and J. F. Danielson, W. Schultze and
wife, R. and A. Schultze, Mr. Dauger,
Mr. Bower and wife and Mr. Small and
wife. They tried to land at El Campo.
but were refused permission, then the
boat was headed for Greenbrae. The par
ty landed and had a good time, but whrn
they got back to the launch she was hard
and fast in the mud. Some of the men
wont gunning and got some small birda,
which the ladies cooked and made into a
supper.
Had it not been for a lucky find the
party would have had to remain on the
launch all night. The Arizona was built
for a Klondike company, but the com
pany disbanded and the boat was re
turned to the builders. While rummag
ing around one of the party found sev
eral pairs of snowshoes and when these
were put on the men ventured on the
mud and began pushing the boat toward
deep water. At midnight she was afloat
but in the excitement of pushing her over
the mud the engineer had let the fire go
out under the boiler, so It took another
hour to get up steam. About 2 a. m. the
party reached San Francisco hungry and
disgusted over the mishap.
The following rates were quoted on
overdue ships yesterday: Laurelbank, 100
days out from Shanghai for Astoria 91
per cent: Celtic Bard. 80 days out from
Hongkong for Puget Sound, 15 per cenf
Jules Verne. 79 days out from Newcastle
N. S. "W., for flan Francisco, 10 per cent'
and Caradoc, 68 days out from Hiogo for
Puget Sound. 60 per cent.
Celluloid albums, toilet cases and work
boxes, good for Ckf)o*r**r* at Sejiborn A
Vall's. " ■ •
CITIZEN JUDGES
OF MRS. BOTKIN
Continued from First Page.
was colorless and her eyes sunken, show-
Ing great pain and suffering. The wit
ness learned that Mrs. Dunning's illness
was of the same nature as that of his
wife. His daughter was in the same room
as her mother and he attended to both
of them. He did not see the candy until
after the death of the women.
To Attorney Knight the witness ex
plained the nature of the house in which
they lived. It was unusually large and
built on the Colonial style. He told of
calling in Dr. Bishop to attend his wife on
Wednesday morning m 7 o'clock. The
doctor called and wrote a prescription
which Mr. Deane took to have filled. The
doctor saw the seriousness of the case and
spent nearly the entire day in attendance.
"Did he make any examination for
phials or bottles?" asked Mr. Knight.
"He did not. He diagnosed the case as
one of cholera morbus and treated It ac
cordingly," said the witness. Continuing,
he said "his wife could retain nothing on
her stomach and the doctor changed the
medicine in an effort to bring relief.
Thursday afternoon he gave her a stimu
lant, as she seemed very low. She then
had convulsions and he called in another
physician for consultation. While they
were discussing the case the woman died.
Replying to questions the witness paid he
had not examined the pantry nor had he
made inquiry of the cook as to the condi
tion of the food. At that time he had not
been told of the candy. He did not see
it nor know where it was until the Satur
day after his wife's death.
John B. Pcnnington, the venerable
father of the two murdered women, was
the last witness for the day and he had
not completed his testimony when the
hour for adjournment had arrived. When
called to the stand he said his occupation
was that of a lawyer, which profession he
had followed since 1857. From 1877 to 1891
he occupied a seat In the House of Repre
sentatives. In 1874 and 1875 he was Attor
ney General of Delaware. He first told
of the members of his family who were
gathered under his roof tree in August.
On being asked as to the occupation of
John P. Dunning, he said he was admitted
to the bar in Delaware and later came
out West and entered the employ of the
Associated Press. The witness could not
tell the exact date that Mrs. Dunning- went
to Delaware, but he thought it was late
in 1896. With her was her seven-year-old
daughter. In addition to them there was
living in the house at the time of the mur
ders Mr. Deane, his wife and daughter
and Harry Pennlngton, a grandson, who
was spending the summer.
"Do you remember the 9th of August?
asked Attorney Hosmer.
"Very distinctly, sir," was the response.
The witness told of procuring the trout
which was served for supper from the
Delaware River, "some seven miles from
my home in an air line or nine miles by
the carriage road." The witness testified
that after supper he lay down in the
siiting-room. Later he went out on the
porch and saw all the family assem
bled there. Mrs. Dunning was holding a
box of candy in her hand. She said, "See,
papa, what a nice box of candy some one
has sent me." She offered him some,
which he declined, as he had tobacco in
his mouth at the time. He went out and
returned about 9 o'clock, finding the fam
ily in the parlor. They soon retired, and
he fastened up the house and retired also.
About midnight he heard Mrs. Deane
vomiting, and her husband waiting on
her. He did not see her until morning,
when he went to her room, and seeing her
condition sent for a doctor. He also
found Mrs. Dunning 111. The witness told
of the attention bestowed on the ailing
members of his household and then of
the death of his two daughters.
When shown the candy box he identi
fied it as the one he had seen in his house
at Dover, Delaware. He found it at that
time on top of his secretary, and the
wrapper was then placed roughly about
it. He placed his initials on the wrap
per and also upon the top and bottom
of the box containing the candy. He
nlso initialed the note and the hand
kerchief. After this he locked the box
and its contents in a bureau. The wrap
per was taken by the witness to his
office in the County Building. Here he
compared the address with that on an
anonymous letter received by Mrs. Dun
ning some time previously. In his opin
ion they corresponded.
After the burial of his daughters, he al
lowed Dr. Bishop to take five or six
pieces of the candy from the box and then
locked the hanaKerchief. note and candy
all up together. On August 22 the witness
delivered all the articles to Detective Mc-
Vey in Dover. He. next saw them in the
office of Chief Lees since he came to this
city.
The witness identified two letters as
having been received, one in June and the
other in July. These were the anonymous
letters which have figured in the" case.
He found them in his mail box, and after
handing the first one to Mrs. Dunning, to
whom they were addressed, she told him
not to hand her any more that might
come in that handwriting. The later one
he did not show her. The first of the.
letters was found among Mrs. Dunning'a
effects; the second, he retained. Attorney
Hosmer attempted to establish the iden
tity of the writing on the package with
that of the anonymous letter. He did
not succeed, although the defense, did so
unintentionally later.
Mr. Knight took the witness over the
ground regarding the letters, and then
went abruptly to the question as to the
quality of the fish off which the family
had dined. Mr. Pennington explained
then that his suspicions regarding- the
randy were aroused because of the simi
larity of the handwriting on the anony
mous letter and that on the wrapper of
the box. He thought that the same hand
wrote both. The two letters were thus
brought into the evidence. The court
then adjourned until 10 o'clock this morn
ing.
Will Not Be Exhumed.
DOVER. Del.. Deo. 12.— There has been
considerable surprise expressed here over
tho report printed here as coming from
one of the San Francisco papers in which
It was stated that Chief of Police Lees
of San Francisco had sent two physicians
to this city to exhume the bodies of Mrs.
Dunning and Mrs. Deane. There is noth
ing in the report. If such an attempt to
gather evidence should bo made it would
certainly prove a failure, for both bodies
were embalmed before burial and the em
balming fluid would neutralize all traces
of poison taken into the stomach.
Bell's Pistol Was Loaded.
William Bell, residing at 29^ Fourteenth
street, while rummaging through a
drawer in the bureau yesterday afternoon
found an old-fashioned pistol, which he
proceeded to examine. Being curious to
find out which end of the weapon the bul
let went Into and also which end it went
I out, he kept his finger on the trigger, and
! in doing so pressed sufficiently hard to
I snap the hammer. The report of the dis
charge, together with the powder flashing
into his eyes, satisfied him as to how a
bullet leaves a firearm when properly
charged. Fortunately for Bell, there was
not sufficient powder to blind him, but
his eyebrows were singed and his sight
was temporarily affected. He is now sat-
I lsfled with his discovery.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
HB+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+a+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+BH
GOOD HEALTH!
>^^^ No Pains, No Weakness— A
u^^^^^,,^^^^^ an i fl E ver y Sense.
Every man can be strong,
"'^Pp*' V. wfir^ free from the effects of past
-/^T^ar- \ *rw& errors, and with nerves full
MM9/** S **'^]lwkc. ° f snap and vi " or - Dk -
;,- ]^ :^sM&li— *o*™£sss . . Sanden's Electric Belt
will develop the weakened
nerves and fill the body with the fire of youth. Try it. Read
the book, "Three Classes of Men." Call or address
DR. A. X. SANDEN, * ~ — — — — *
702 Markit Stmt, Oere«r Kuroy, Ban FranciM.. -  |(0T IN DRUG STORES.
' Office hours, 8 a, m. to Bp. m.j : Sundays, 19 — — • 
to 1. Branches at Los Annies, Onl., 232 west Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
Second street; Portland, Or., 2:>B Washington . is never sold In drug stores
street; Denver, Colo., 981 sixteenth . street; nor by traveling agents; only
Dallas, Tex. SBS Main street: Butts. Mont., at our of floe. '
110. North Main street. J» ■ —
ASSEMBLYMEN
SUPPORT THE
NEW CHARTER
San Francisco Dele
gation Caucuses.
ALL THE MEMBERS ATTEND
ELECTION OF PERMANENT PRES
IDENT AND SECRETARY.
Resolution to Vote for Ratification
of the New Charter Unanimous
ly Adopted by Republicans
and Democrats,
The San Francisco delegation-elect to
the Assembly met at the Union League
Club last night and resolved to vote for
the ratification of the new charter. The
following members. Republicans and
Democrats, composing the entire Assem
bly delegation, attended the caucus:
Republicans— C. F. Kenneally, L. A.
Devoto, W. H. Cobb, A. H. Merrill. W. H.
Rickard, H. W. Miller, H. C. Dibble, L..
A. Henry, F. Lundqulst, M. H. Barry,
Eugene Sullivan.
Democrats— L. Hoey, D. S. O'Brien, J.
M. Hanley, E. D. Sullivan, J. J. Crowley,
W. E. White, J. S. Wardell.
The caucus elected W. H. Cobb, Thirty
fifth District, president, and C. F. Ken
neally, Twenty-ninth District, secretary.
The Democrats cast a complimentary vote
for W. E. White for president and J. J.
Crowley for secretary, but on the an
nouncement of the result voted to make
the choice of Cobb and Kenneally unani
mous.
H. C. Dibble introduced the following
resolution. which was unanimously
adopted:
"Whereas, The platforms of both politi
cal parties represented in the delegation
pledged the legislative candidates to vote
for the ratification of the new charter for
the city and county of San Francisco;
"Resolved, That we consider ourselves
in honor bound by such platform pledges
and will vote for the ratification of said
charter." ____________
THEY WERE WITHOUT FOOD.
Captain Spiilane Relieves Two Fami
lies Who Were Destitute.
Ex-Chief of Police Crowley and Captain
Hall, both of whom are directors In the
Hibemla Bank, yesterday afternoon vis
ited the Southern Station and grave Cap
tain Spiilane $32 50. with the Instruction
to use it in providing for the Sheppard
and Thorsen families, who were reported
to be in destitute circumstances. Ac
companied by one of his men Captain
Spiilane first visited the home of Mrs. |
Thorsen, at 435 Fourth street. The un
fortunate woman was In bed, seriously
ill. In the room with her was her infant
child, apparently suffering for the want
of some nourishment. In answer to the
questions of the kind-hearted police offi
cial the woman said that her husband
eked out a miserable existence by work
ing as a porter in a Third-street saloon. !
i Captain Spiilane went to the saloon and 1
j found Thorsen. Both his hands are crip- ;
! pled from rheumatism and it was with j
difficulty that he could use them. Con
vinced that it was a deserving case. Cap
tain Spiilane returned to the house and
gave Mrs. Thorsen $15. After leaving her
the captain went to the home of the Shep
pard family, at 929^ Alabama street. He
found Mrs. Sheppard ill with fever and
ague. She has four children, the eldest
of whom is six years. The children are
also suffering from the dreaded fever.
Satisfied that the family was In need Cap
tain Spiilane gave the mother the balance
of the money, amounting to $17 50. In both
cases the destitute women profusely
thanked the official for the welcome sums
of money.
ODD FELLOWS' JUBILEE.
The Convention Decides to Hold the
Celebration in October, 1899.
The general convention of the Odd Fel
lows' jubilee celebration met last night
in Eureka Hall, Odd Fellows' building.
There was present a large number of dele
gates from all parts of the State. Presi
dent H. S. Jones of California Lodge pre
sided.
The committee on credentials reported
that 169 delegates from subordinate lodges,
105 from Rebekah lodges and twenty
1 seven from encampments were entitled to
i seats in the convention.
Two hundred and seventy-six replies
| were received from various lodges, 203 fa
j vored the celebration in San Franci3co,
80 of these favored the celebration on Sep
! tember 9 and 123 in October during the
encampment week. Seventy-three lodges
favored the celebration in other towns, 61
of these favored September and 12 Octo
ber.
Mrs. Sarah Wolf of Sacramento an
nounced that the six lodges in that city
will join in the San Francisco celebra
tion and favored October.
After a long discussion on the subject
of fixing the date of the celebration a
vote was taken by the delegates present
There were 94 votes cast, 52 being in fa
vor of October.
Lawyer Boone Beadmitted.
United States Circuit Court Judge Mor
row yesterday readmitted John L. Boone
to practice in his court. Boone was dis
barred about a year ago for offering his
services on behalf of one of thedefendants
in the suits brought by A. B. Bowers for
infringements of his patents on the
Bowers dredger and for intimating that
his experience as attorney for Bowers in
several of those cases would be of value
to the new clients he was seeking on the
other side of the case after he and
Bowers had agreed to separate. A. strong
petition for his reinstatement had been
got up by Judge S. C. Denson and Bert
Schlesinger. It was signed by 220 attor
neys.
Protection Against Fire.
The Fire Wardens are determined to se«
that all buildings in the city of four sto
ries or over are provided with flre es
capes and stand pipes. They held a meet
ing yesterday morning and passed a res
olution that a large number of additional
buwmngs be provided witTi these neces
sary aids to escape in case of fire. Among
the number are the following schools:
Dudley School, Haight street, near Cen
tral avenue; Crocker School, Page street,
between Broderick and Baker; Moulder
School, Page and Gough streets; Jack
son Primary School. Stanyan street, near
Oak; Hearst Grammar School. Hermann
and Fillmore streets, also the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society building, Grove and
Baker streets, and St. Joseph"s Home,
Park Hill and Buena Vista avenues. *t
was also decided to notify the owners
and lessees of the Alhambra Theater,
Eddy and Jones streets, that the rear
portion was in a dangerous and unsafe
condition and to request them to place it
in a safe condition at once.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There's a richness about a
library table that raises it
above the every- day furni-
ture and makes it an espe-
cially proper Christmas gift
The many, many styles
we show, big and little, will
be helpful to you in finding
the one that is "just right"-—
which a Christmas gift must
be.
And while talking of libra-
ries — you mustn't forget those
arm-chairs and rockers with
tapestry panels on the back.
It's a happy idea — entirely
new. For gifts they're sim-
ply ideal.
Open Evenings.
California Furniture
Company
(N. P. COLE & CO.) g,yf ts
117-123 Gearv St Matting
SPECIAL TO-DAY
IN
Ladies' Capes
At $3.45.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk
i serge, handsomedy braided and beaded, collar
j and fronts edsred with black Thibet fur, worth
I $6 50, sale price $3 45 each.
l/lf Murphy Bufldlngr, m
Market and Jones Strceb.
CURED OF ASTHMA
After 35 Years of Suffering.
It will be gratifying 1 to Asthmatic
readers to learn that an absolute cure
has at last been discovered by Dr. Ru-
dolph Schiffmann. That the remedy is
an effectual one cannot be doubted
after perusal of such testimony as that
of C. W. Van Antwerp, Fulton, N. Y.,
who says: "Your Asthma Cure is the
best I ever used. I tried it according
to directions, and one box entirely
cured me of asthma, and I have not
had it since. I can now go to bed and
sleep all night with perfect comfort,
which I have not done before for 35
years, and I thank you for the health
that I now enjoy. I hope that you will
publish this letter, that others may
learn of its wonderful virtues."
Schiffmann's Asthma Cure is sold by
all druggists at 50c and $1 00 per pack-
age, or can be obtained by writing di-
rect to- Dr. R. Schiffmann, box 804, St.
Paul, Minn.
AUCTION
— or —
Investment, Business, Residence and
Unlmproyed Property
To be held at our Salesroom
14 Montgomery Stress
— ox —
MONDAY DECEMBER 19th, 1898
At 12 o'clock Noon.
POTRKRO AVKNUE LOTS.
18 building lots.West side Potrero Ave., between 19th
and 20th streets; one-fifth cash, balance in om\ two,
three or four annual payments with interest on the third
payment at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
Estate of A. Cooper, Deceased Lot and improve-
ments, No. 323 South Bide Washington street, «1 feet
Fast of Battery street ; size 20x60 feet. Store occupied
as Restaurant. Property renting for <67.
STOCKTON STREET KESIDKVCK.
1913 Stockton street, Went tide, 80 feet South of Cbeet-
nut, two-story house of 9 rooms and bath and 2 attio
rooms, bay windows, concrete foundation, stone side-
walk, street pared, lot 4<>x6o with the right of continu-
ous use of alley 17: 6x60 feet. Mortgage of *2,OU> in bank
can remain if desired.
TURK STREET CORNER.
Building lot, B.W. cor Turk Street and Central Are-
27:6x110 feet. Mortgage of MOO in San Francisco
Barings Union ; can remain if desired.
SHAN A HAN 1 STATE.
Administrator * Srvle. No. 1410 IC!^ Harrfron street,
between 10th and 11th streets, two flats of six and five
rooms and basement ; lot 25i75 feet. Sale subject to
approval of tLa I*robate Court.
MISSION CORNER.
To olose an Estate. In subdirUlcns, 5 house* in flats
of four rooms wen, 1201, 1203. 1203, 1207. 1209), U'U. 1213
and 1215 Sanchez street, and 3981 and 3333 Twenty -fifth
street. Residence N.E. cor. Clipper an<l Sanchez street
and stable Vacant lot East side of Sanchez, 112 feet
North of Clipper street.
HOWARD STREET BUILDING I,OT.
Choice lot 4Sxl3d feet. Southeast me Howard S track
166 feet SH inches N K of Thirteenth street.
For further particulars apply at our office
G. H. UMBSEN A CO., Auctioneer*
14 Montgomery Street
56
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 13, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. '
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU.. S. F-
Telephone Main 18C8.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1£74.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
C 5 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by malt. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts House-
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marque ttc Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising, Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
8:30 o'clock 6SI McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market |
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS,
Columbia— "A Parlor Match."
California — "Uncle Bob."
Alcazar -"Alabama."
Tlvoll— "TlM Mascot."
Morosco's— "Temptation of Money."
On l.cuni- Vaudeville.
Comedy— "The Bautb Before the War."
The Chutes- 'Jurrilla man. vaudeville and the roo.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy atreeta, apeclaitle*.
Eutro'B Bath. 1 - -Swimming.
Mechnr.W I'avlllon — Charity Bazaar.
IrtKleslde Race Track— Races to-day.
Hopenthal— C"mliiK In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By KHUp & Co.— Wednesday. I>eepmber 14. at 10:30 o'clock,
CuKg-lcs, Wa^unr, etc., at earner Fifteenth and Valencia streets.
By i'i. H. Uxntwea ft Co.— Monday, Pecember IS, at U
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery Bt.
THE SCHOOL BOfIRD BOODLERS.
THE rumor that the creditors of the School De
partment are about to begin suits against the
bondsmen of the Directors for the recovery of I
their claims is calculated to cast a ray of sunshine
Upon the spectacle of squalid corruption with which
the Board of Education is now surrounded. If the
suits can be made to stick a great point will be gained. j
Hereafter sdid citizens will hesitate to become bon<!>
men for boodling School Directors and that species
of cattle will have difficulty in qualifying for office
and in holding office while boodling at the public
expense.
Besides, it is well to resort to law before resorting
to the homely expedients of rotten eggs, dead cats ,
and tar and feathers. Not but what the ring in the
Board of Education richly deserves the application of
these things, but they are a trifle uncivilized and cal
culated to lower the public dignity and character. If
the bondsmen of the boodlers can be made to pay for
the waste and extra vaganccot the School Board, not
only will the bamboozled creditors gel what is hoa
eetly due then:, bin a precedent -xi.! be set tending i
to deter future boocling- in the Scboo! De^/s.rttaent. !
We sincerely trc-t thai tht 3<S2.r<i of Trade, which has \
this matter in ha.nl, wi3 proseccte it to 2 fine] con- :
1
Cert
-harge
: maintained that
the member.; of the present School Board ring have
■ ing, except a disposition to
steal '"■ ■£ a period of two
thin their reach. Hence it ought to
follow : . that the men who guar
anteed them— who are, in fact, responsible for placing
•them in pt -■■■ ■ : !aV e been enabled to
steal—should be made to pay for whatever the teach
' '<>'>\ Department have lost
through their malversation.
Moreover, this method of attack may make an im- '
prt ion upon the bulwarks of the-e boodlers. The I
School Board ring has laughed at the people, flaunted
the police, defied the courts and sneered at the Grond j
Jury. Nothing in the form of law has seemed to give !
it the slightest concern. Perhaps judgments which
will make its friends and supporters pay something i
for the luxury of affiliating with it may serve to bring !
it to time. Evidently the members of the ring are
•without moral sense. They belong to a class of public
thieves who set all regard for decency and appear- I
ances at defiance. Next to a coat of tar and feathers
the best thing to do with such men is to take their i
property from them, which can be done by attacking i
them through their bondsmen.
BUYING HUMAN BEINGS.
IN referring to the proposed sale of the Philippines
by the United States the Examiner, which has a
"National Policy," says, "We are not given to
selling millions of human beings to the highest bid
der." It should have added, "We are in favor of buy
ing millions of human beings without their own con
sent and against their own will, after warning off all
bidders but ourselves."
This is the same paper which, as our correspondent,
Publicola, said proposed to "nail" the American flag
tc the ancient tree of despotism instead of leaving it
to flutter in the soft breezes of liberty.
There is nothing reasonable in the claim of Spain
that the treatment meted out by this country has
been harsh. When a nation seeks war and gets licked
its chances of being rewarded with a bouquet and a
God-bless-you are slender.
The poundman fined $200 for the use of improper
language will be obliged to net quite a number of
dogs to get even, and it is safe to say that while doing
this he will be extremely guarded in his remarks.
It is a little hard to understand why, when a battle
ship conies into contact with anything, from a sand
bank to a floating hencoop, the battle ship always gets
the worst of the collision.
It is only fair to state that the Botkin jury is not
such a bad lot as the pictures published in an evening
paper make them appear.
The wJiite man who claims to have been initiated
into a highbinder tong has in him the elements of a
Creelman.
New York soldiers who are chafing to get home
ought to reflect upon the blizzards they are missing
and be glad.
The Czar is said to be still dreaming of peace, but
during his waking hours his mind evidently takes an
other trend.
A CURRENCY SESSION.
THE first act of th« Republican national ad
ministration elected in 1896 was to call a tariff
session of Congress, in which the Republican
party immediately proceeded to redeem its pledge
made to the protectionists of the country. This work
v.-as begun and finished in a shorter time than has
been required in the preparation of any of the great
tariff bills passed since the civil war. Under it there
has been a marvelous expansion of trade. The com
mercial balance has shifted to our side and we have
become the creditor, instead of a debtor nation. This
process has turned the flow of gold to the United
States, until we possess more now per capita than
ever before in our history. The revenue results of
the tariff, it is true, have not been as satisfactory as
its effect upon trade, but the high credit of our Gov
ernment enables it to replenish its treasury and tide
over any such temporary lapse in revenues.
These high and satisfactory conditions of trade, in
stead of pushing financial and currency reform out of
focus, fix it there more firmly. Expanding trade re
quires a perfectly sound foundation. The sounder this
is, the greater is the possible expansion, without run
ning into 'the risks of speculation.
The Republican pledge to sound money legislation
made in 1896 was repeated in more positive and
clearer tones in 1808. The silver sentiment in the
party, which had spread like the mycelium of a fun
gus, through the influence of local expressions of pol
icy and prevailing ignorance of the subject prior to
1896, was largely eliminated in the Presidential cam
paign. The influence of men of knowledge and con
victions and courage on the money issue has be
come dominant in the party, and the State platforms
this year reflected their sentiments, so that the Re
publican Congress which comes in on the 4th of
next March is committed irrevocably to this reform.
But pledges are like constitutions. They are inchoate
unless vitalized by legislation. The sound money
Republicans and their faithful allies, the National
Democrats, have recognized the inutility of attempt
ing to redeem the sound money pledge with the pres
ent adverse Senate. Such attempt would have ended
in defeat, and defeat would only have emboldened
and encouraged the fiatists, and discouraged the
sound-money men. This tolerant and proper view j
of the situation brought all sound-money men to
gether in the State elections of this year and they
fought the way to victory with singular courage.
They not only held the House, but gained the Senate.
Now they want the prompt and beneficial use of the
power they have won.
That can be best done by an extra session of the
Fifty-sixth Congress. Let us have a currency ses
sion of Congress as soon after the 4th of next March
a. : the President can call it.
Since the election an expression has been made
by the leading public men in Indiana, lowa and Wis
consin. The sound-money Republicans in those
States are unanimous in the desire for such extra
session.
No State ha? been a more tempestuous storm
center on this subject than Wisconsin, and the policy
advocated there fairly represents the views expressed
in other States named. Mr. Payne of Milwaukee,
member of the Republican National Committee,
;ay?: "Prudence, right and redemption of the
pledges solemnly made by the party demand that we
the subject of currency reform at the
t moment. We have redeemed our
" ' Now iet us redeem
r ] -<: on the financial problem."
■ - . nC. Spooler say?: "That a wise cur
' ould be passed at the earliest op
• ■ itj, I believe,"
General Ed. S. Bragg 1 , Gold Democratic leader:
"An extra session of the Fifty-sixth Congress seems
a necessity if the administration intends to define and
settle the monetary policy of the United States."
Ex-United States Senator William F. Vilas: "I
believe that if the Republicans intend to keep faith
with the people and carry out their pledge to reform
the currency, their opportunity has come and their
duty is plain."
Ellis B. Usher of the Gold Democratic National
Committee: "The currency question may be set
tled at an extra session in time to have it disposed
of before the Presidential campaign of 1000. In my
opinion this is what the people expect of the Fifty
sixth Congress. This is what the Gold Democrats
voted for."
These views are supported in interviews by Wis
consin Congressmen Cooper, Esch, Davidson, Jen
kins and others.
In Indiana John P. Frenzel, Gold Democratic Na
tional Committee, S. P. Sheerin, former Secretary
National Democratic Committee deposed at Chicago
in 1806. and Republicans like F. L. Powell, John
Marshall, Robert Graham, Congressman Royse and
scores of others, who are at once recognized by any
one acquainted with the pubiic men of that State
as the leaders of party and public opinion, concur
in the views expressed in Wisconsin.
In lowa Judge French, J. J. Richardson, Ed.
Campbell, Colonel Martin, W. I. Babb, Gold Demo
crats, and Governor Shaw, all the Republican mem
bers of Congress and Senators Gear and Allison con
cur. In Nebraska the same condition of opinion ap
pears in many interviews.
This reform is especially precious to the West, as
protection was to the East. The West has made
the change in the Senate and held for the party its
control of the House. To that control California
contributed nearly one-half the majority which will
exercise it. The voice of this State should be raised
effectively for a currency session, for it will be heard
with respect.
CHARACTERISTICALLY CREELMfIN.
THE latest interview of the Examiner with the
Pope is characterized by the Creelman touch.
That is, it is so palpably a fake that no observ
ing intelligence is under the slightest obligation to
believe it. Creelman has reached that state where, in
common with Baldwin, he has lost power to deceive.
The difference is that Baldwin acknowledges the situ
ation, and seems rather glad of it. while Creelman
keeps up a wordy pretense of honesty.
This interview does not purport to have been had
by Creelman, but by Philippe Tonclli. As though to
give it standing, however, Creelman prepared an in
troduction. He may have done this seriously, but
possibly it was done as a Baldwinese stroke of irony.
In it the regular correspondent directs attention to an
interview he secured in 1800 with the Pope. Perhaps
there was such an interview: far more likely not. But
why did Creelman omit allusion to his interview with
the same notable sent over during the progress of
the war with Spain, and officially denounced as ficti
tious the instant called to the notice of Cardinal
Rampolla? Why did he not strengthen the hand of
Tonclli by a brief account of the interview with the
Queen Regent, an interview indignantly repudiated
as soon as printed? Why not an account of the let
ter bearing the signature of Madame Dreyfus, and by
her denounced in Le Temps as a swindle and open
forgery?
He might have set forth incidentally the other fake
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
interviews presented in the paper, which he has the
doubtful honor to supply with tales rich in imagery,
but barren of the valuable element of truth. It was
the Examiner that ascribed to Mrs. McKinley words
never uttered by her, and which has at various times
printed "interviews" with princes and potentates who
had never heard of the existence of the sheet, nor so
much as acknowledged the impertinent card of its
representative.
Aside from being discredited by the Creelman in
troduction and eulogy, the latest interview is silly. It
contains no gleam of anything which may pass for
information. It could have been written in New
York or Madrid as well as in Rome, and by the office
boy as well as by Creelman, save that the office boy
might have a trace of conscience to hamper him.
Where the Examiner made a mistake, in addition
to the stupidity of indulging in a fraudulent scheme,
was to permit the name of Creelman to appear. Those
familiar with the methods of that romancer and brag
gart will not doubt for a moment that he was guilty of
the entire article.
THE VIEWS OF SOME STATESMEN.
WHILE we are giving so much attention every
day to more or less commonplace views on the
various issues before vs — the Philippine ques
tion and the problems of the future — it will be just as
well to ponder a little on the recent utterances of
some statesmen whose views are not commonplace.
It is always the unexpected that happens, and pos
sibly one of these fellows with unexpected ideas may
call the turn.
There is Senator Kyle, who proposes that after hav
ing purchased the Philippines for $20,000,000 we shall
now sell them for $200,000.000 — a scheme that would
not only gain for us a profit of $180,000,000, but would
provide us, further, with the pleasure of watching a
general scrimmage among European nations for the
privilege of being the purchaser.
A still better scheme is that of Senator Chandler,
who proposes that we trade the Philippines to Gre^t
Britain for Canada. The swap would be a good bar
gain from every point of view. We should by that
one simple act get possession of the Klondike and
get rid of Aguinaldo, two things most devoutly to be
wished. The defect of the scheme is that it alarms
the Canadians. One 01" their poets has been already
so moved by it as to fear our professions of friend
ship and to sing of our national eagle-bird:
His voice is mollnw as music; it hath a most unctu
ous "quack."
I hope it's all in good earnest, but I won't take
anything back.
I'm jollying you, Mr. Canuck, I hope you will listen,
my buck —
Keep your nose to the wind, and keep your eye
skinned, for the Eagle that talks like a duck!
Our own country- is not the only country, how
ever, where statesmen of originality have freedom of
thought and speech. Canada herself has some of
them. One of these proposes that Great Britain
trade Jamaica and her other West Indian islands for
the Xew England States and annex the latter to Can
ada. The scheme has its merits and might be worked
but for the fact that Dewey has his home in Vermont.
We cannot trade off the hero's home.
Most original of all is a certain Mr. Turgeon, Min
ister of Colonization and Mines in the province of
Quebec. This statesman, in a speech made in France on
the occasion of a demonstration in honor of Champlain,
the founder of Quebec, told the French that within a
comparatively short time both Canada and the United
States would be disrupted. The Germans, he said, are
taking possession of the Mississippi Valley and will
eventually set up a government of their own. Then
the French Canadians, who are overrunning New
England, will add those States to Quebec and set up
a French nationality.
Altogether the honors of statesmanship are about
even between the countries, with the advantage a little
in favor of the Canucks. It is about time some of our
poets were singing a song of warning against the
beaver that honks like a goose.
WITH this week the pleasant task of Christmas
shopping should go forward in earnest. It is
a good plan to make a resolution not to wait
for the coming of Christmas week before making the
necessary purchases of gifts and delicacies for the
great day. The golden rule for all shoppers at this
season of the year is to go early and avoid the rush.
This week the weather promises to be fine. Next
week there may be rain and sloppy streets. This
week there will be a fair opportunity to shop in com
fort. Next week there is sure to be a crush and a
crowd in every store where Christmas novelties are
kept. Every argument of personal convenience,
therefore, tends to impel the wise to wait no longer,
but to get their holiday trading done at once.
Personal convenience, however, is not the only
thing to be considered at this season. Women who
can afford to shop in the daytime by reason of having
leisure while others are at work should remember
that a great many persons are of necessity compelled
to do most of their shopping after working hours.
They should, therefore, do their shopping early and
make way for the workers. There is no reason why
the average woman should throng the stores until
late and crowd the' 6 o'clock cars, when the general
mass of working people are going home and are tired.
If those who have the opportunity to shop early in
the day will do so and get out of the way for the
evening crowds it will be pleasanter for everybody.
There is nothing to be lost by prompt shopping.
Every form of Christmas novelty that will be offered
at this season is now in stock and ready for sale.
Nothing can be gained by waiting, but on the other
hand much may be lost, for the most attractive arti
cles will go fast, and the stocks will be rapidly de
pleted. Moreover, in the rush that is sure to come
with the closing days the clerks cannot wait upon
customers as attentively as they can this week. A
word to the wise: Finish your shopping this week
and next week you can watch the crowds struggling
in the thronged stores and enjoy the sight without
having to mix in the scramble.
Nobody can blame the Spanish Commissioners for
having declined to dine with the Americans. They
have been humiliated, and a dinner would appear to
be a method of rubbing it in.
Manifestly there would be injustice somewhere if
Chicago Aldermen were to be hanged and members
of the San Francisco Board of Education escape.
Cubans are welcoming American troops vocifer
ously, and there are a lot of microbes in the island
waiting for a chance to show their attachment.
The public will be best satisfied with the Baldwin
Hotel when the site shall have become a hole in the
ground.
in not interviewing the Ahkoond of Swat the Ex
aminer is permitting a great opportunity to go by.
There is not going to be any mad scramble for the
position of Minister to Spain.
CHRISTMAS SHOPPING.
A STUDY OF THE RAINFALL.
The October bulletin of the climate and crop service of the Weather
Bureau, California section, issued by the Department of Agriculture, con
tains an elaborate study of the seasonal and monthly rainfall at San Fran
cisco from 1849 to 1898 by Marsden Manson, one of our most accurate stu
dents of the subject. Owing to the keen interest felt in the subject by all
Californians at this time we reproduce the tables given by Mr. Manson and
his conclusions drawn from them.
As Mr. Manson points out, the rainfall at San Francisco has been quite
accurately and continuously recorded since 1849. Up to 1870 the record was
kept only by Thomas Tennent. Since that date it has also been kept by
the United States Signal Service and by the Weather Bureau. The fol
lowing table gives the monthly and annual rainfall, the totals and means
from 1849 to 1898:
Table of monthly rainfall at San Francisco. Crl., 1849-1898, showing mean, monthly,
seasonal and yearly rainfall for forty-nine years:
I
o
V,
%
n
3
%
3
? £ lad
I I- I
! S I
;> f ?
.20 8.34 1-77
.05 0.92 0.64
.10 0.58 0.14;
.20 i.M 1-42
.32 3.88 8.04
.81 3.67 4.77
.76 9.40 0.50
.75 2.45 8.59
.14 4.36 1-83
.14 1.28 6.82
.57 1.64 1.60
.16 2.47 3.72
.54 24.36 7.53
.35 3.63 3.19
.SO 1.831 0.00
.91 6.141 1.34
.58 10. SS, 2.12
.16 5.16 7.20
.69 9.50 6.13
.34 6.35 3.90
.31 3.89 4.7S
.30 2.63 3.53
.36 4.001 6.90
.95 1.58 3.94
.72 5.66 2.21
.33 8.01 0.32
.15 7.55 4.92
.00 4.32 1.18
.661 11.97 12.52!
.58 3.52 4.90,
.46 2.22 1.87
.33 8.69 4.64
.85 1.6S 2.96
.01 1.92 1.04
.92 3.94! 6.65
.68 2.53 0.30
.99 7.42 ' 0.24
.07 1.901 9.24,
.34 6.81! 0.94
.SO 1.2S 0.72
.81 9.61! 5.16
.25 O.M! 7.26
.62 2.421 2.90
.OS 3.03 2.75
.25 5.99 2.69
.01 6.93 2.31
.43 8.14 0.25!
.34 2.26 4.41;
.22 1.12 2.13
.391241. 65 174.34 !
,111 4.93 3.56
liaGioi i
Winter
rains.
B
a
>
t
P
•<
S. J
1849-50
ISSO-51 ... .
1851-52 
1&52-53
1853-54 !!!!!!!!!;;
1854-55 ........:..
1855-58 ;.
1856-67 ...........
1857-58 ..
18SS-59
1R69-60 i
1860-61
ISGI-62
1862-63
1863-64 i
1864-65
1865-66
1866-67
1867-48
1888-69 .....'
1869-70 ....:.
1870-71
1871-72
1872-73
1873-74
1874-75
1875-76
1876-77
1877-78
1878-7?
1879-80
1880-81
18S1-82
ISS2-83
1883-84
ISS4-85
1885-86
ISS6-S7
1887-88
ISSS-S9
1889-80
1890-91
1891-92
1892-93
1893-94
1894-95
1895-96
1896-97
1897-98
1898-99
1899-1900
D.I
0.
0.
D.I
O.i
o.<
u.ll
0.04
0.00
0.12
0.04
0.00
0.04
0.00
3.14
0.00
0.21
O.KO
0.12
2.41
o.oO|
0.45
0.93
2.74
0.05
0.91
O.Oii]
0.40
0.00
0.13
0.26
0.00
O.JO]
0.15
1.29
0.11
0.53
2.69
0.24
8.66
0.82
2.12
5.31
2.28
j 0.34
I 0.67
2.79
3.01
0.69
7.28,
I 0.58
I 4.10
0.15
2.55
6.60
4.19
3 35
3.41
1.18
1.19
0.47
2.81
2.79
1.16
6.55
7.27
0.25
! 1.57
0.57
| 4.03
I 0.33
1.94
I 4.18
6.20:
1.051
7.10
! 18.20
i 2.a2:
. 0.81
5.76
3.75
4.141
I 6.14|
j 1-57|
6.16|
9.54|
i.so|
8.91|
0.58
15.16 1
10.69
4.34
4.31
3.30
14.36
5.95
9.72
I 3.02
3.99
4.08
2.2'>
2.06
1.52
0.74
! 8.04
; 1.58
j 6.30
I 3.14
j 2.00 ;
I 1.05
I 1.59,
i 0.79
1.30
| 5.49
I 1.18
4. 56
i 8.75
2.08
0.90
; 3.45
3.01
! 8.24
: 1.01
i 2.07
0.84
I 3.60
I 1.10 l
I 4.73
; 1.96
2. 85
■ 4.0?
0.60
1.83
I 2.85
| 4.56
I 0.24
1.1
6.1
4.
L.i
' t.
I 5.i
2.!
O.i
2.31 0.03
2.19 0.08
1.58 0.2 C
1.80 0.23
0.81 0.18
0.43' O.OQ
I 0.90 0.66
! 0.10, 0.22
1.29! 0.24
I 0.26] CIS
1.06 0.16
1.89 2.35
10.06 1.12
2.00 0.22
1.22 0.21
1.51 3.52
6.33 0.23
3.17 0.04
I 5.28 0.37
2.30 0.06
0.11 0.38
0.96 2.»
1.18 1.07
; 2.44: 1.25
1.39 1.86
1.03 0.15
0.50 1.31
1.24 0.69
6.16 0.72
0.27 0.61
0.19 1.44
0.7 i
i.«:
1.5;
o.*
O.li
0.00 l
0.67|
0.32]
O.3SJ
0.02
1.88
0.76
0.10
0.1
1.
O.i
O.i
18:'
U.OD
0.22
! 0.24
I O.IS
0.16
2.35
1.12
0.22
0.21
3.52
0.23
0.04
1.
2.
• i
I 0.1
I o.'
j 0.1
O.i
O.i
O.i
0.
O.f
0.00
j 0.04
0.00
0.23
0.02
1 0.00
0.01
0.04
! 0.02
I 0.14
0.02
0.00
0.01
0.01
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.02
0.01
0.01
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00!
0.02 i
o.oo|
0.051
0.00
0.21
o.'"
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
D.OO
U.U4
0.01
0.00
1 0.00
0.05
I 0.16
0.02
0.00
II 0.00
► 0.00
> 0.00
1 0.02
. 0.00
0.08
1 0.00
1 0.00
1 0.01
: 0.00
0.00
. 0.02
1 0.00
• 0.00
0.00
0.00
0.04
T
0.01
0.01
T
1 0.00
I 0.02
0.00
I 0.02
0.00
0.00
0.21
23. S4
23.67
21.63
'.40
0.1
0.!
T
0.1
ii.:
o.:
o.<
0.11
0.01
0.29
0.95,
T
0.31
0.77
0.02
0.21
1.05
0.77
0.
l.
0.
0.34
2.06
1.40
2.55
0.72
1.481
T
0.13
7.28
'.'.»■'
0.04
1.65
0.16
1.73
i O.lli
1.55
1.70
0.26
1 11.78
0.84
0.99
! 3.99
2.99
o.ooj
0.56J
5.91
4.18
O.SB
I 1.7S
4..V:
1.06
4.15
0.00
2.66
0.58
4.46
12.33
3.85
2.01
I 0.92
7.68
4.99
2.07
3.34
5. 50
13.81
3.25
I 5.62
6. OS
2.25
9.01
1.43
4.34
1.22
I
0.19
0.01
0.07
0.27
0.03
0.10
0.11
T
0.03
0.56
o.oo;
0.00
0.22
0.19
0.01
O.OIJ
0.05
0.00
i 0.69
I 0.04
0.01
0.1
O.i
T
0.1
11.04
35.17
24.46
26.63
29.85
16.11
20.12
32.42
18.12
33.22
18.82
16.75
23.85
45. SS
17.68
IS. 41
21.77
18.45
25.79
21.37
" 23.30
9.38
1147. 1J
23.41
o.'
0.!
o.:
0.09
T
T
0.10
I
I
I
Totals !
Mean monthly.. i
1 47.1
J 0.!
153.
B.
n.
1.
1 35.i
0.
7.
v.
0.!
0.(
Mean seasonal.. |
! 3.591
Autumnal
rains.
0.
In this period of forty-nine years the normal seasonal rainfall has been
23.4 inches. In the period under consideration there have been fluctuations
in seasonal rainfall from 7.4 In 1850-51, to 49.2 inches in 1861-62. The mean
seasonal precipitation for the entire period is 23.4 inches, the mean for each
month and for each season of the year being given In the table. The
entire period may be subdivided into five classes, (1) extremely dry, (2)
dry, (3) average, (4) wet, and (5) extremely wet years. This subdivision i 3
an arbitrary one (as would be any subdivision whatever), and the follow
ing: classification is made: Extremely dry years, less than 14 inches; dry
years, from 14 inches to 19 inches; average years, from 19 inches to 28
inches: wet years, from 29 inches to 35 inches: and extremely wet years, over
36 inches of rainfall. Based on this classification we have the following:
The seasons of 1850-51, 1562-63, 1563-64, 1870-71, 1576-77 and 1597-38 have been
extremely dry. the mean monthly rainfall being as follows:
Sept. Oct. Not. Deo. Jan. Feb. Marrh. April. May. June. July. Auk.
0.14 0.74 0.89 1.62 2.38 1.76 1.31 1.12 0.59 0.03 0.00 0.04
Or an annual rainfall for these years of 10.8 inches.
The eight seasons of ISSI-52, 1872-73, 1881-82, 1884-85, 1886-87, ISB7-88, 1890
91. 1891-92 were dry years, with an annual rainfall between 14 and 19 inches,
the mean monthly distribution for these years being:
Sept. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan. Feb. March. April. May. June. July. Aug.
0.3S 0.62 1.20 4.86 2.31 3.46 3.02 1.41 0.50 0.09 0.02 0.01
Or an average mean rainfall of 17.39.
The twenty-three years, 'ISj3-54, 1854-55, 1855-56, 1856-57, 1857-58, 1858-59,
1859-60, 1860-61. 1864-65. 1865-66, 1868-69, 1569-70. 1573-74, 1874-75, 1878-79, 1879-80,
1882-83, ISSS-89, 1892-93, 1893-94, 1894-95, 1895-96, 1896-97 were years of between
19 and 28 inches, with a mean monthly distribution as follows:
Pept. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan. Feb. March. April. May. June. July. Aup.
0.J3 1.00 2.90 4.0S 4.54 3.03 3.35 1.98 1.06 0.11 1.01 0.01
Or a mean seasonal rainfall of 22.37.
The seven years, 1849-50, 1866-67, 1871-72. 1875-76, 1880-81, 1883-84, 1885-86,
were wet years, the extremes being 29 and 35 inches, with a mean monthly
distribution as follows:
Pept. Oct. Nov. r><><\ Jan. Feb. Marr-h. April. Mhv. June. July. Aug.
0.09 0.81 5.11 8.30 6.44 4.62 3.00 2. 05 0.18 0.46 0.03 0.01
Or a mean seasonal rainfall of 32.21.
The five extremely wet years having a rainfall in excess of 35 inches
were: 1552-53. IS6I-62. 1867-68, 1577-78, 1889-90. The mean monthly distribu
tion of rainfall of these years was:
Sept. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan. Fob. March. Arrtl. May. June. July. Aug.
O.m 1.7S 3.46 9.98 11.87 6.27 4.50 2.13 0.4S O.OS 0.01 0.01
The mean rainfall for these five extremely wet years being 40.89 inches.
The relation between each of these classes and of each class to the
mean monthly distribution of rainfall for the entire period Is shown in the
following table:
Mean monthly distribu-
tion of rainfall for:
m
»
3
a-
o
•o • i? a
0 o
2. o g
» 2 3
1 |S [5
• ? "
; : li
■3
3
3 I a
! I
p p;
> 2
c
s
IS
a
*3"
c
C J>
Six extra dry years 0.14] 0.74 0.89| l.€2|
Eight dry years O.3S| 0.62; 1.201 4. 56j
Twenty-three average years 0.23 i I.OOj 2.90J 4.051
Seven wet years 0.03! o.Bl| 5. 11 l 8.30]
Five extra wet years j 0.01; 1.79: 3.4ti| 9.95:
Entire period ! 0.21j 0.9«| 2.721 5.11J
:!
I 2.38| 1.78 1.3 i:
I 2.31] 3.46! 3.02J
1.64 1.08 3.35|
1 6.44 4.62 3.50!
[11.57 6.27 4.f0
I 4.93! 3.56, 3.131
I.12! 0.59| 0.03
1.41| 0.50] 0.09
1.98| 1.061 0.11
2.65' 0.181 0.46 !
2.13! 0.4$ O.OS!
I.SBJ 0.72 0.14
I 0.00 0.04| 10. 53
! 0.02; o.ol] 17.39
, 0.01! 0.01! 22.37
0.03 O.Oli 32.21
0.01 0.01 40.89
[ 0.02 0.02 23.41
In connection with these statistics compiled by Mr. Manson, it should
be noted that the official weather report for the State gives on December
11 the following table of the seasonal rainfalls to date, as compared with
those of same date last season, and rainfall In past twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 8.13 12.70
Rert Bluff 0.00 2.13 5.47
Sacramento ■ 0.00 1.61 3.58
San Francisco 0.00 3.38 3.87
Fresno 0.00 1.49 1.66
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.75 1.41
Los AnKPles 0.00 0.12 2.4S
San Diego 0.00 0.53 1.19
Yuma 0.00 0.70 0.77
As the conclusions derived from his studies of the tables given Mr. Man
son says:
"If these figures and the resulting curves yield any guide in forecasting
seasons, we have the following: Both dry and extremely dry seasons are
deficient in autumnal rainfall. In extremely dry years the greatest
monthly deficiency occurs in December and continues through the spring. In
dry years the greatest deficiency falls in January, followed by a spring in
which the departure from normal rainfall is light.
The five extremely wet years have maximum is in January, followed by
a wet spring. In wet years the autumnal rainfall is heavy, followed by a
maximum in December, which continues above the normal through the
rest of the winter and spring. In extremely wet years the maximum rain
fall is in January, continuing well above the normal to April, and falling
sharply below the normal in May.
'•These variations in the winter rainfall are primarily due to the changes
in the position of the lines upon and along which the areas of low pressure
originate and move in their course from the North Pacific into the interior
of the continent. It therefore becomes important to know the causes and
conditions controlling this shifting or restriction of the belt of rain distribu
tion, for when these shall become known it will be reasonably possible to
foretell whether a winter will be one of deficient, average or excessive rain
fall." .
ANSWEBS TO COBBESPONDENTS.
LARGEST STEAMERS— S., City. The
largest steamers that sail in and out of
the port of San Francisco at this timo
are the China, City of Peking and the
Arizona.
JAMES K. POLK— N. N.. City. James
K. Polk was elected President of the
United States at the election held In 1544.
He served four years from March 4, 1545.
PICTURES— A. R., City. A man looking
at a newspaper picture of individuals that
is drawn to represent an Idea and not
any particular individual Is at liberty
to liken the faces to any nationality he
desires without let or hindrance.
SELLING A HOMESTEAD— M. H.,
City. In Calliornia the law is that the
homestead of a married person cannot
be conveyed or encumbered unless the in
strument by which it is conveyed or en
cumbered is executed and acknowledged
by both husband and wife. The consent
of a court is not required in order to sail
a homestead. w
FRESNO AND MONTEREY— J. M. P.,
Gilroy, Cal. The articles of Incorporation
of the Fresno and Monterey Railroad
were filed in January, 1893. The incor
porators were: A. W. Jones, Kansas City,
Mo.; C. L. Walter and Alexander Gordon,
Fresno; Harry A. Green, Monterey; W.
J. Hill, Salinas, and William Palmtag and
Thomas Flint of Hollister.
FIRE ALARM STATION-G.. City,
'here was In the early days of the fire
larm system of San Francisco a fire
larm station known as No. 1. It was lo
cated at the corner of Stockton and Fran
?c?s° ss ects,V eets ,- having been placed there in
1886 and maintained at that position until
ihn, when it was discontinued and re
placed by station No. 194.
A BACK DATE— OId Timer, City. Tho
15th of February, 1810, fell on a Thurs
day.
CIVIL, SERVICE-W. R. S., Vallejo.
Cal. There is no civil service commission
er for the Pacific Coast. Civil service ex
aminations are held twice a year. The
spring examinations usually occur in
March and April and the fall examina
tions in September and October. An ap
plicant should decide what kind of an ex
amination he desires to take and then
communicate with the department in
which he wishes to seek admission for in
formation as to date of examination. The
dates are usually published in the datly
papers. There is a separate examination
for each department.
ZIONISM— R., Bakersfield, Cal. A per
son desiring to study Zionism or the at
titude of the Jews toward a return to
Palestine should read Graetz's history of
the Jews, in five volumes, and the fol
lowing articles published in the periodi
cals: "Jewish Colonies in Palestine," Con
temporary Review. Vol. 73; "Jewish Ques
tion." Blackwood's, 16.1; "Zangwlll and
the Jews," Spectator, 80; "Mission of Zion
ism," Current Literature, 23; "Return of
the Jews to Palestine," Century, 44; also
in Public Opinion, 25; "Zionism," North
American Review, 167; "Zionists," Black
wood's, 183; the same (.condensed), Re
view of Reviews, 17; "2ionism ; " Nine
teenth Century, 42; same, Current Lit
erature, 22; "Jewish Colonies in Pales
tine." Harper's Weekly, 41; "Zionite
Movement," Harper's Weekly, 40; and
"Jews Returning to Palestine," Mission
ary Review (new series), 9.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Z. A. Greene of Boston is at the Palace.
D. Richardson of Seattle is at the Lick.
J. H. Wilson of Corvallis, Or., la at the
Lick.
M. G. Coxe of Peking is at the Occi
dental.
S. McP. Rutherford, U. S. A., is at the
California.
W. H. Wilber of Chicago is .a guest at
the Palace.
A. Musto, a merchant of Stockton, ia
at the Grand.
John EL Wilson of Honolulu is a guest
at the Palace.
A. C. Shaw of Raymond is a guest at
the Occidental.
Frank Carol an and wife of Burlingamo
are at the Palace.
Professor O. L. Elliott of Stanford is
at the California.
A. Oestmann and H. Clement of Japan
are at the Palace.
J. W. Dinsmore of San Jose is a guest
at the Occidental.
Attorney E. M. Norton of Healdsburg
is at the Occidental.
Mayor M. R. Snyder of Los Angeles is
a guest at the Grand.
Capitalist J. D. Carr of Salinas is regis
tered at the Occidental.
Attorney H. Stanley of New York is
registered at the Palace.
Mrs. H. Bertrand Price of Philadelphia
Is a guest at the Palace.
Charles Sumner, a wealtny cattle dealer
of Bishop, is at the Russ.
P. J. Golden, a miner from Virginia
City, is a guest at tne Ru3S.
William Raush of Bath and T. A. Hen
der of Sonora are at the Lick.
State Senator S. N. Androus of Los
Angeles is a guest at the Grand.
Railroad Commissioner H. M. La Rue
of Stockton is at the Occidental.
Mrs. J. M. Moore and Mrs. Margaret
Black of Honolulu are at the Grand.
Captain J. T. Smith of the steamship
City of Peking is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
Otis Poole, the well-known Oriental
traveler and author, ia a guest at the
Palace.
Dr. T. H. Stlce of the State Hospital at
Napa is staying at the California for a
few days.
H. D. Laueen and John Beam are stay
ing at the Grand. Both are prominent
citizens of Oroville.
C. B. Shaver, superintendent of the
Fresno Flume and Lumber Company, ia
registered at the Grand.
David Hitchmott and P. C. Thresher,
two merchants of San Anselmo and
Sacramento, are registered at the Cali
fornia.
Mrs. Colonel Barber, wife of Colonel
Barber of the First New York Regiment,
with her small son and daughter, are at
the Palaca.
John Grove of Hilo, Hawaii; TV. Keller
of Berlin and Thomas Inglia of Edin
burgh are at the Palace.
Dr. Howard Humphries of Honolulu Is
registered at the California. He has just
returned from Mexico, where he went
with Mr. Ena of the Inter-Island Naviga
tion Company. The two gentlemen went
to Mexico to look after mining interests,
and Mr. Ena to benefit his health as well.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— Dr. A. C. Hart of
San Francisco is at the Marlborough. E.
M. Leddin and wife of San Francisco are
at the Manhattan. L. Zohl of Los An
geles Is at the Vendome.
Tour name stamped in gold letters on
fine leather goods free of charge at San
born & Vails. •
Time to send your Eastern friends Town
send's California glace fruits, 50c lb, in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 627 Market St.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Max Beerbohm, who was one of Au
brey Beardsley's most Intimate friends,
says that the morbidness in the artist s
work reflected only one side of his nature.
"With all his affections," says Beerbohm,
"he had that inborn kindliness which U
the beginning of all good manners."
BICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AifD
permanently cured by using Moki Tea. A
pleasant herb drink. Cures conßUpatioa and
Indigestion, makes you eat, sleep, work and
happy. Batlßfaction guaranteed or moaey
back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
No Christmas Table should be without a bot
tle of Dr. Siegrert's Ang-ostura Bitters, the fin
est appetizer, imported from South America.
"I do not hate you, child," protested
the woman In the case, or cases.
The other was a mere slip of a girl, or
at most a slip and three-quarters, but she
had the feelings of her sex; and she quiv
ered with rage.
"The conceit of her!" she hissed. "To
think herself prettier than I am!"
For the gist of a remark is often In Its
application. — Detroit Journal.
OPEN EVENINGS.
Beautiful
HOLIDAY
GOODS
Pictures, Statuary, Vases,
Ornaments, French and
Dresden Cabinets, Onyx
Pedestals and Tables,
Lamps, Art Novelties,
Fine
Crockery and Glassware
S. & G.GUMP
113 Geary St.
SPECIAL TO-DAY
IN
Ladies' Dress Skirts.
/\t $12.50.
LADIES' BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS,
Spanish flaunoe, fan-pleated backs, double
lined and bound with velvet, worth $17 50, sale
price $12 50 each.
[Fly Murphy Building, M-
Marie! aii Jones Street!GOSSIP AMONG
VOTARIES OF
MANY SPORTS
A Fire Scare at the
Olympic Club.
CAUSED BY A CASTAWAY CIGAR
WHAT THE HUNTERS ACCOM
PLISHED IN THE MARSHES.
A Broadsword Contest Promised Be
tween Ivan de Malchin and
Professor Louis
Tronchet.
The Olympic Club had a little scare last
g which caused a flurry of exritr
among the members who happened
In the club at the tlmo. Whil<
< t the athletes were playing handball in
t smell of smoke at
■ (1 their attt ntion and a search was
made fnr the fire, which was discovered
Mutely under the back wall of the
court It appears that the lire originated
from a lighted cigar, which was
thrown by some careless player into the
rner and by a rather peculiar coin
cidence slipped down through a pipe into
a i>ile of refuse underneath the court.
The incipient fire which originated from
the smoking butt was making tolerably
pood headway when discovered by one of
the club officials, who immediately turned
in a still alarm. The firemen " quickly
tnded the excitement, but not before the
growing blaze had burned through a part
pf the floor, but the fire had done very
little damage to the court. In future any
member who Is discovered smoking in
all court will be punished by expul
sion.
A row of very handsome medals will be
to the Bucceßsful competitors of the
irnament that takes place
c:i the evening ot the 2lst ir.st. is on ex
• retary'a office,
T. E. <;. Wolleb, a charter member of
the Olympic Club, and who was one of its
yesterday at his resi-
Bu< b street, of 'heart failure
r Tronchet, the clever swords
i Instructor of fencing of the
■ ;: '' ' Jub. I ■ challenged to a
"-■st by Ivan de Malchin of
'•:ngr editor received the follow
■ sterday, which "peaks * tor
To the TACOMA, Wash., Deo. Ca S i. IS lan
To the Sporting Editor of The Call skn
Francisco-Dear Sir: I hereby challenge rr "
■ of the Olympic ilub of
tert wifh Ivan* for a mounted broadsword con
r|« nf t h Ivan de Malchin. the contest to con
£-st of twenty-nine attacks, and to be lor the
date? fours' SSSfS^ "* the ear " eSt powlbh,
R. SCOTT GRANGER, Major.
Manager for Ivan de Malchin
Professor Tronchet has in the past re
ceived many challenges mm fencers and
swordsmen who were looking for no
vS?flli?S?!i#i Whi , ch the professor took
verj little notice of, simply because they
•were not backed up by a forfeit which is
tne onlj thing that Proves that the chal
longtr means ness. As the chaUenare
■■' does not itate whSSS^K
t0 be for fun or money, it will
J M Pass away like other "defies 11
01 v2.ii r? y i the r crack swordsman of the
Phit^Pf -nlub-»n lub -» Tt ca n be said, however.
x :al '.' air ent f r Prisins: swordsman who
may desire an argument with the steels
will denosit a forfeit satisfactory to Pro
resapr Tronchet, the consideration to be
not less than $1000. he will receive a
favorable reply. As R. Scott Granger will
)','» this city in the very near future,
the outlook for a contest with the steels
r.tvieen the swordsmen in question is
favorable.
Members of the Black Jack Gun Club
who visited Sherman Island on Sunday
were very much chagrined because some
professional hunter who was envious of
the club fired the tules of the island
thereby causing quite a conflagration and
naturally a great scarcity of birds.
The Black Jackers expected an ex
cellent shoot on Sunday, as the north
win.l was blowing pretty stiffly, which is
always favorable for good shooting.
Messrs. Diets and Eaton, who left this
McCLURE'S
MAGAZINE
FOR THE COMING YEAR
In previous announcements we have told you of the splendid
series of stories by Kipling that McC lure's Magazine will publish
beginning with December; the articles on the WAR WITH SPAIN AND
ITS LESSONS by Captain Mahan, the foremost living naval authority
the completion of the great BIOGRAPHY OF LINCOLN by Miss Tarbell ;
also the important articles on the LATEST ACHIEVEMENTS OF
SCIENCE. We have not yet spoken of our
Short Stories
They will come from such writers as
Rudyard Kipling Morgan Robertson
William Allen Whita Ciinton Ross
Hamlin Garland Sarah Orne Jewett
Stephen Crane Octave Thanet
Shan F. Bullock Sarah Barnwell Elliott
Robert Barr E. Nesbit
John A. Hill Ellen Glasgow
Cutcliffe Hyne
There will also be stirring
Stories From Real Life.
000 D.nUonc The United States Government maintains more than 1100
«jcd.--DullUcl lighthouses. The. history of the building and mainte-
nance of these abounds in stories of heroic human endeavor and endurance;
and this is all exhibited in a very Interesting way in an article prepared for
the Magazinejay Ray Stannard Baker, with the above title.
t ;r>_ ?« +Vn-w T* rmnc+ Minoc The deepest mines in the world are the
Lite in tile Deepest luineS tin mines of Cornwall. Some of them
are 3000 fec-t deep and lie in part under the Atlantic Ocean, one of them a mile
out from shore It is a strange life, as well as one of constant danger, that .
the men who work these mines lead. R. H. Shcrard has written for the Maga-
zine an article describing it. and telling many curious stories regarding its
hardships and dangers. The article will be very fully illustrated.
MotiQlib" n-nA Wic Ponnip This ls a most interesting account of
iYlenellK and HIS JreOpie the personal characteristics of the
Christian King of Abyssinia— a strong, bold warrior; a firm, far-sighted ruler;
and a man. half savage though he is, of as many mighty and picturesque
qualities as Bismarck was.
Stories of Real Railroad Life M r - Job" A. Hill, the author of
btories 01 Keal Kaiiroaa Liie -a awd-summer Night s Trip,-
"A Peg-legged Romance" and "Jim Wainwrigbfs Kid," published in recent
numbers of the Magazine, will continue his stories of real railroad life for
ral months to come.
Hamlin Garland's Indian Stories h 7' l ■''$?%} T a w s o
Moons," published a few months ago, there will be other true stories of the
Indians, recorded by Mr. Garland in the Indian's own words.
Is Now on Sale Everywhere
$1.00 A YEAR 10 Cents a Copy
THE S. S. MCCLURE CO., New York City.
city on Friday, had tolerably good sport
on Saturday morning before the fire
broke out. They bagged something like
Sixty birds. The hunters expect, how
ever, to enjoy good sport on the return
of the birds.
John Bourdette states that he had fairly
good duck-shooting near Delano on Sat
urday, but that owing to a scarcity of
water the birds were very wild and flew
very high. He expects to leave again in
a few days with a party of friends for a
bip duck and goose shoot on Goose T.aki-,
which is distant about thirty miles from
Delano,
A prominent sportsman who has just
returned from Portland. Or., states that
the rich sportsmen of Portland City are
enjoying grand shooting, and. to his sur
prise, they sell their game to game deal
ers, after taking from th^ sacks whatever
birds they need for their own use. Cali
fornia sportsmen will naturally think this
rather peculiar, as a man who sells game
here is looked upon as h market hunter.
In Portland market hunters are conse
quently very scarce.
Mr. Walker killed a dozen nice fat
ducks near Sulsun Sunday with silver
shot, but with the genuine article (chilled
shot) he succeeded in bagging a "shag,"
which he mistook for a honker goose.
The Kmpire Club of this city, whose
shooting preserve is in Sonoma marsh,
had an excellent day's sport on Sunday.
Several members returned on Sunday
night with good bags of teal and mallard.
Andrew Jackson and Joe Terry made
the kill of the season last Sunday on the
Country Club preserve. Thr-lr bag con
sisted of 37 snipe, 27 quail. 6 pray geese, 7
black brant. IS ducks. 1 wildcat, fi squir
rels and 20 meadow larks. Sam Hughes
is in possession of the score card, and he
bw< ara by it. By the way. Hughes re
turned from Delano on a freight train on
Sunday night, the overland being late,
and according to his count ho grassed
thirty-three English snipe in two hours'
shoo tins.
Teal-shooting at low tide on the Sonoma
marshes is now first class.
HANDICAP ON ZANTE CTJRRANTS I
President McKinley Will Not Admit
Them Free of Duty.
The anti-Zante currant fight is won, ac
cording to a brief dispatch received yes
terday from Hugh Craig, president of the
Chamber of Commerce of this city, now
in Washington in the interests of the
Nicaragua canal. During the holding of
the Fruit Growers' Convention in Fresno
the information came from Washington
to the effect that in order to establish a
better relationship and feeling with
Greece certain concessions were likely to
be made in the matter of admitting free
of duty certain products of the Mediter
ranean country, and the Zante currant
was one of these. As might be expected,
this proposition caused great consterna
tion on the part of the raisin growers of
this State. Three or four years ago this
matter was the subject of much discus
sion, the question being. Is the Zante cur
rant a currant or a raisin?
At any rate, the decision was that it
should not be admitted free of duty, be
cause It came into direct competition with
the raisins of this State, and the duty
imposed has had the desired effect of
keeping the objectionable fruit or berry
out of the markets of this country. As
soon as the Western raisin growers scent
ed danger in the air by abolishing the
tariff on the currants they sent most
earnest protests to Washington to have
the measure defeated. One was forward
ed to Mr. Craig, who was urged to exert
every influence with the Pacific Coast
representatives. That success is assured
may be inferred by the following extract
from Mr. Craig's dispatch: "The Presi
dent authorizes the statement that Cali
fornia fruit interests are paramount. No
need to be uneasy about Zante currants."
■ ♦ »
Received yesterday, Mexican carved
leather pocket-books, cigar and letter
cases, at Sanborn & Vails. •
« ♦ «
Alice Edith's Troubles.
Mrs. Alice Edith yon Brahmstead, for-
merly Alice Edith Blythe of Blythe estate
contest fame, has sued her husband. John
W. yon lirahmstead, for divorce, alleging
cruelty as the cause of action. Yon
Brahmstead. who follows the humble oc
tlon of a barber, married Alice Edith
in Oakland in April of 1897. In her com
plalnt Mrs. yon Brahmstead recites that
her husl>and was in the habit of beatinj?
hrr in an Inhuman manner. One night
in the Oxford House in this city she al
leges that he tore h^r dress from h^r back
and after destroying her hat thrust her
from the apartment. On another occa
sion he threatened her life with a revolver
liiid she alleges that timely interference
on the part of a third party was all that
saved her life. For those reasons sho
seeks a divorce.
Assaulted an Officer.
Walter Nagle, who, in order to escape
being arrested, struck Police Officer
Barnes on the head with a slungshot,
was Indicted by the Grand Jury yester
day "ii a charge of an assault to com
mit murder. He was arrested last night
by Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald
and formally charged at the City Prison.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
FAVORITES IN
GOOD FETTLE
AT INGLESIDE
Capture Four Purses
Reopening Day.
LA GOLETA IS INVINCIBLE
RAN AWAY F'-IOM TOPMAST AND
HER FIELD.
Ailyar Demonstrated He Could Go
a Route — Bernardillo Performed
Another Acrobatic Feat.
Yemen Scores Easily .
Ingleside track again controls the racing
situation. The card for reopenelng day,
with one exception, was a speckled one,
and the attendance was not large. The
favorites were in fine form, capturing four
of the six purses offered.
The only event possessing any sem
blance of class was the mile and a six
teenth run, in which La Goleta conceded
weight to such shifty performers as Top
maist. David Tenny and Hugh Penny, and
gave them a drubbing. The Baldwin mare
was a 1 to 2 chance in the betting around
post time, and was never headed at any
stage of the running. Spencer sat on her
back and she led Topmast over the line
more than a length, in 1:47\. With the
weight up David Tenny found the sport
too hot for him, but managed to get the
show from Hugh Penny.
Pat Dunne started his fast youngster
Ailyar in the opening: event at seven fur
longs, fnr two-year-olds, and considerable
speculation was indulged in as to whether
he could negotiats the distance. Start
ing a 3 to 5 favorite, he set all doubt at
rest by leading from start to finish. Cas
dale secured the place from the wretched
ly ridden Los Medanos, which had evi
dently undergone the canning process.
The fastidious Bernardillo, the wizard
horse of Jimmy Coffey's barn, again gave
the talent a frightful walloping. The
second number on the card was a mile
and a furlong run, decided under selling
conditions, and Bernardillo was backed
down to even money favoritism. Why he
was rated the first part under a choking
pull will probably remain an unwritten
chapter of turf history. When "Skeets"
Martin finally gave the animal his head,
he quickly led Myth, but in the run home
was passed by everythting. finishing last.
Red Glenn, piloted with rare judgment by
Bullman. won cleverly, in l:s4*t, from
Lady Hurst, aSO to 1 outsider. Lena, an
other long priced one, was third.
The mile selling run that followed was
taken by P. Ryan's gelding Cyril, a 1 to 2
favorite In the books. He made the run
ning and led Cabrillo out by a couple of
lengths.
Old Yemen shook the dust from his coat
and defeated Zamar and some lesser lights
with ease in the six furlong spin, fifth on
the programme. As good as 4 to 5 was
hung out against htm. and the aged sprin
ter cake-walked home in front of Zamar,
which hone was next In demand in the
ring. Highland Ball was left at the post.
Outside of First Call and O. B. Morris, a
motley gnthering of horseflesh lined up in
the llnal mile run. Morris was Installed
favorite, but was beaten in romping fash
ion by First Call, ridden by Turner. Una
Colorado finished third.
Track Notes.
Seventeen books cut in.
Billy Connors found business lively In
the field book line.
Bernard (Ktd) Weller was on the
grounds, and not feeling in a particularly
gay mood after his trip across the moun
tains, only made a couple of small bets of
two hundred thousand each.
Willie Applegate appeared on the block,
chalking up prices under the name of the
Chicago Club.
Pat Dunne was doubtful about Ailyar's
' ability to win the opening event, as he
hud worked at the. distance but once, and
i then in the face of a strong wind. After
sizing the entries up he bet WO on Los Me
danos, and Powell didn't like that cult. It
just goes to show what a really hard
| game it is to beat.
J. L. Hyman and Ben Carson, well
: known in Eastern turf circles, were at the
! track.
j "Dick" Collins, the capable and widely
; known sporting writer of the St. Louis
j Republic, and "Cap" Tillis, an extensive
speculator of the Mound City, were ex
| pected in on last evening's overland train
Mo?e Getz has turned his back on book
making and is having better success on
the ground. He met with a sharp reverse
though, when Highland Ball was left at
the post, carrying a thousand-dollar com
mission.
Bud Houser and his brother George are
fresh arrivals from the Eastern country.
Bud was formerly secretary for J. Talbbt
Clifton, the Earl of Bllngum.
Bullman was there again with two win
ners yesterday. v
Topmast apparently weathered the re
cent gale in good shape, for his race was
quite a toothsome racing morsel. Some
of these epicurean Eastern gentlemen who
are afraid to leave their trunks unlocked
while residing in California are not so bad
themselves.
If Bernardino is to continue such an
enigmatical betting wonder the Judges
might do worse than to order him barred
in the betting. T hen his owner could bet
with himself and quit the only loser
inSo'n. J^ S °^°^^^t^\^;
To-Day's Entries.
First Race-Five furlongs: two-year-olds
325 Fermo IOC IWS Wood Robin in
... Kalllßta .... ...ll«i 301 Karl Is! ng tO n 'w.
... Florence Flnk...Ms ... Tirade .... is
... Britomartis 11". ... Watossa "..... HiJj
urwn°rd d Race -° ne mlle; three-year-olds and
(£43) Pat Morrissey..Ki7 327 Imperious M
»3 Ockturnck 92 ttt HohwUohe '. ...'.'.m
34, Prince Tyrant.. mi MS New Moon.. ioi
536 McFarlane 101 256 Daisy F ...'.lt
Third Race- Eleven-sixteenths of a mile
fnur-year-olds and upward.
2« Cavallo 119 347 Sweet William. .122
211 Karnsin 119 ... J oe TJllman 119
... Cherry Stone.... 122 ... Ferrier 122
Fourth Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
(335) Rubicon 110. (322)0ur Climate.... 104
298 Paul Griggs 105 1 (277) Buck ....m
Fifth Race— Five furlongs; nil agon.
23S Valencienne .... 991 266 Mary 81ack.... 104
... Little T 0 101 1 335 Miss Rowena....Ul
Sixth Race— One mile; three-y Mr-olds and
upward.
... I 'ln* 101 (294) Yankee Doodle. .107
318 Benamela 104 ... Hardly .. 101
(330) Mamie G 101 311 Frohman V. 92
(327) Libertine 113
Selections for To-Day.
First Florence Fink, Earl Islington,
Glengaber.
Second Race— Daisy F, Pat Morrlssey. Im
perious. , -:;•
Third Race— Joe L'llman, Ferrier, Sweet
, William.
Fourth Race— Buekwa, Paul Origgs, Rubi
con.
Fifth Race— Mary Black, Miss Rowena, Va
lencienne.
Sixth Race — Benamela, Yankee Doodle
Mamie G. ' •■ ' ;
Death of Miss Mahan.
Miss Mahan, the old woman who was
knocked down by a wagon driven by a
boy named Richard Erwin last Saturday
evening, died in the Receiving Hospital
last night. Immediately after her death
was reported to Captain Spillane ue sent
Officer McGrayan to arrest the boy. He
was found at his home, 529 Stevenson
street, and taken to the City Prison,
where a charge of manslaughter was pre
ferred against him. Subsequently ne was
released on his own recognizance by order
of Judge Low.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE BACE TRACK, Monday, Dec. 12, 1898.— Thirteenth
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
343. mRST RA1
i; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
»4m.
%m.
%m."
Str.
261 Ailyar 113 3
305 Casdale 113 2
309 Los Medanos 101 6
261 Felicite 971 4
325 Racivan 95! 1
267 Ocorona 1011 5
1 4
2 h
5 1
3 1
1 3
2 1
4 4
3 1
5 2
8
1 4
2 3
3 2
4 4
5 4
6
1 4
2 3
4 2
3 4
5 6
6
1 2
2 6
3 4
4 4
5 10
6
in !
u!!!"'.
M0
3
3
40
50
40
3-5
8
2
200
200
200
Time, 1:29V£. Winner. P. Dunne's b. c. by Hlmyar-Alleen Aroon. Good Btart. Won
easily. Second and third driving. .
Ailyar had it all his own way. Los Medanos <raa away badly and received a very
suspicious looking ride. Casdale run a good race.
Q A A SECOND RACE— One and an
O-T^. purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.'
Std.
Urn. 4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
311 Red Glenn, a 101|
324 Lady Hurst, 4 961
... Lena 4 107j
324 Myth 4 96'
311 Dr. Bernays, 3 95
(31K) Bernardillo, 4 104
311 Red Glenn, a Will 21 31 34 34 11 12 Hullman 4 3
324 Lady Hurst, 4 96! 6 6 52 6 6 2122 Woods 20 5')
... Lena 4 107 j 4 34 4h 54 42 3h 31 McNIchols .... 12 20
324 Myth 4 96 1 5 lh T4 11 11 54 44 Weber 5 8
311 Dr. Bernays, 3 95 25h 6 4».j61 6 61 Gray 4 5
[31M Bernardillo, 4 104 3 44 2 1 2 's 2 4 4 1 6 H. Martin 1 1
1
I 6
4
\1
5
2
3
2 1
G
S 4
1 h
S h
44
3 1
62
4 h
TV*
6
2 1
I*
5 4
1 1
4 4
2 4
■3«
6
4 2
1 1
5 1
24
1 1
2 1
3 h
6 4
6
4 1
1 2
2 2
8 1
4 4
5 1
6
unman
'nods
cNlchols ....
>ber
ray
. Martin
Time, l:.vi»4. Winner. E. W. Purser's b. g. by Glen Elm-Red Girl. Good start. Won
cleverly. Hor.ind and third driving.
Tho winner was ridden to the very best advantage. The warm weather thawed Lady
Hurst out. She is rheumatic. Lona will win In the near future. For some strange reason
Rornardillo was rated. When let down he wouldn't run.
345. THIRD
; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
M6 Cyril. 3 1(
271 Cahrlllo, 6 11
323 Stan Powers, 3 1(
31S Tenrica, 3 1(
337 Henry C, 3 If
... Dutoh V«1et. 4 1(
(253) Vikincr. 4 It
260 Cyril. 3 102! 2 lh 11 IS 15 12 Pullman 3-5 1-2
271 Cahrlllo, 6 112; 3 22 2 10 26 2« 23 Reauchamp .. 3 7-2
323 Stan Powers. 3 100' 5 53 31 32 44 3 4 Woods 6 6
31S Tenrica, 3 100 1 41 42 43 34 4 10 Devln 15 25
337 Henry C. 1 1031 6 6 5h 6 6 5 1 Gray 60 MO
... Dutch Valet. 4 1091 4 52 6 51 51 6 Holmes 40 100
;253) Viking. 4 1091 * |Kellaa 60 100
2
I
5
1
6
4
•
1 h
2 2
5 3
4 1
6
5 2
1 1
2 10
3 1
4 2
5 h
6
1 S
2 6
3 2
4 3
6
5 1
1 5
2 «
4 4
'.*
5 1
1 2
2 3
3 4
4 10
5 1
6
unman
eauchamp . .
'nods
evln
ray
olmeg .......
ellas
*Left.
Time, 1:43*4. Winner, P. Ryan's b. g. by Buchanan-Espanlta, Fair start except Vlk-
lng. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Cyril didn't have much left at the end. Cabrlllo ran a fair race. The others out-
classed.
*>ACl FOURTH
U^Oi . *500.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.'
Std.
%m. %m.
*im.
Str.
Fin.
(316) La. Goleta, 3 107! 2
334 Topmast, 5 KM 4
(2S»7) Pavid Tenny. 4 117 3
334 Hugh Pen ny, a 10~i 1
1 1
4
3 2
2 IK
1 1
4
2h
3 1
1 1
3 4
2%
1 1
3 1
2 4
1 1
2 M
32
4
1 14
2 3
3 3
4
n
3-5
15
4
3
tin
Time. 1:47**. Winner, E. J. Baldwln'3 ch. f. by Amigo-Rosebud. Good start. Won
easily. Becond and third driving.
The winner could not have traveled many seconds faster. She ran a corking race,
though. Topmast struck a squall that suited him. Too fast for David Tenny. Penny will
do better at sprinting distances.
*\A'7 FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Wright.'
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
21* Yemen, a 1101 2 ... 11 16 18 12 Rutter 4-5 3-3
330 Zamar II. 4 113 1 ... 2 5 2 2 2 2 2 4 H. Martin 2 13-5
... Prince Tyrant. S...W 3 ... 36 32 31 38 Gray 25 50
292 Sweet William. 4... 101 j 4 ... 4 10 4 15 4 12 4 10 I.Powell 10 25
173 Lomo, 4 1W 5 ... 5 5 5 6 llullman 50 200
324 Highland Ball. 3...104! » Plggott 4 6
116 Yemen, a 110]
330 Zamar II. 4 113
... Prince Tyrant, 3...10S
292 Sweet William. 4...101J
173 Lomo, 4 110
324 Highland Ball. 3.. .1041
!
! 3
\i
I •
1 1
2 5
3 6
4 10
5
1 6
2 2
3 2
4 15
5
1 8
2 2
3 1
4 12
6
1 2
2 4
3 S
4 10
6
tin.'/.'.'.
iii.'."!!!
n
•Left.
Time, 1:1',';. Winner, F. M. Taylor's b. g. by Alarm-Hira. Bad start. Won easing up
Second and third driving.
It was easy for Yemen. Zamar wanted to back up. The start got the show for Prlnco
Tyrant. ■
348. SIXTH
;; all ages; purse, $-100.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
%m.
244 First Call, 3 l:
(SS8) O. Q. Morris. 6 13
32:' Una Colorado, 6....1:
2!'2 Boardman, 2 1'
32^ Durward, 4 11
320 T"lm, 2 1'
(21*) Leiter, 2 H
... Al Paff. 3 1(
> 1
! I
: 4
il 2
! 6
> 7
> 8
16
12
4 4
2 h
3 5
6 4
6 4
8
7 h
1 4
3 h
2 4
4 4
5 h
6 10
7 3
8
1 2
3 1
2 2
6 6
4 1
6 6
7 12
8
1 3
3 5
2 4
6 8
4 4
6 6
7 20
8
1 3
2 2
3 10
4 1
5 2
6 20
7 10
8
i uriier
Sills
Gutter
Reauchamp ..
lohnson
Jullman
2 3
1 7-10
8 10
8 20
20 100
7 8
15 20
30 100
iouck
!nlder
Time 1:43. Winner. P. Ryan's b. c. by Imp. Order- Ranette. Poor start Won eaallv
Secon.i an.i third driving. ' y :
The favorite was badly bumped at the start. First Call struck easy game. Others of
no account.
BOWERS WINS HIS BIG
SUIT ON HIS DREDGER
ALL INTRINGERS MUST PAY
THE INVENTOR DAMAGES.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
Issues an Injunction and Or
ders an Accounting for
Damages.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday rendered an opinion in the case
of Alphonzo B. Bowers against the San
Francisco Bridge Company. The decis
ion is in favor of Bowers and enjoins the
defendant, and indirectly all others, from
using the dredgers of the Schwartzkopff
patent or any other patent using the Bow
ers idea in hydraulic dredgers.
The original bill was tiled on March 21,
1803 for infringement of Bowers' letters
patent, the first dated May 26, 18S5. The
later letters patent were on a dredging
machine, and are dated May 31. 1887; June
7 1887; November S, ISS7, and October 18,
1892 Bowers in the bill alleged that prior
to December, 1878, he was the first and
original inventor of certain new Inven
tions In dredging. In IXSS English letters
patent were issued to Mr. Schwartzkopff
for an improved dredger.
In rendering his decision Judge Morrow
said that the improved combinations of
Bowers' invention rendered dredging so
expeditious and superior over former
methods and devices that he is entitled
in the patent law to the position of "pio
neer In the art of dredging" unless it be
clearly established by the defendant that
the Schwartzkopff patent of 18.>f. compre
hended the same idea^ and was so far de
veloped at that time that it was to aJI
intents and purposes or could have been
made by mere mechanical skill a practi
cal and'successful invention.
"Another feature of the case, continued
Judge Morrow, "bearing upon the
Schwartzkopff patent which militates, in
my judgment, against the practical utility
of that invention is that it does not ap
pear ever to have been used. While a
failure to put an invention to use may not
be conclusive evidence of its inutility, still
it is a circumstance to be considered as
against the practical utility of a machine.
Having determined that the Schwartz
kopff patent does not anticipate the Bow
ers Inventions and that none of the other
letters patent introduced by the defendant
anticipate the Bowers patents, the conclu
sion logically follows that Bowers, upon
the evidence presented in this case, has
sustained his claim as the pioneer inven
tor in the art of dredging and that he Is
entitled to a broad and liberal interpreta
tion in the construction of his claims. He
is therefore entitled to treat as infringers
all who employ substantially the same
means to accomplish the same results,
notwithstanding that the subsequent ma
chine may contain and does contain im
provements In separate mechanisms
which go to make up the machine. The
machine of the defendant does infringe."
The court thereupon issued a perpetual
injunction against the defendants and
issued an order for an accounting for
damages sustained by Bowers by the use
of the Schwartzkopff machine by the de
fendants.
A similar opinion was rendered in a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f-B+B+B+B+B+fl+B+B+B+D+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+fl+BH
WEAK MEN
/f^^\ Young or Old)
% wou ld speedily regain their former rigor
li fNTrS? Young or Old,
Who would speedily regain their former rigor
f should wear
$ TJO DR. PIERCE'S FAMOUS
1 *^W x ELECTRIC BELT AND SUSPENSORY!
&%2zMS t\* >!m No drugs necessary. Electricity does the
: v v |'Miuy4^^ work. Thousands hare been cured. Buy no
» n^iwf^li^aßßl^ belt tin you see " DR ' PIERCES "
ii^»M^ffl ? ■ for " pamphl£t n °- 2 " Addr «*
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
v^^^l^r^ 620 Market Street (o,^ n w H.ui) San Francisco.
similar case of A. B. Bowers against the
Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclamation
Company.
WATLER ROSSER'S DEFENSE.
Many Witnesses Testify on Behalf of
the Accused Soldier.
The defense of Walter Rosser. who on
September 13, shot and killed Henry Hil
debrand In the Spreekels Market opened
yesterday. Many witnesses testified that
the prisoner was apparently suffering
from the effects of some unknown drug
on the day of the murder and others gave
evidence that the defendant had always
borne a good reputation prior to the com
mission of the crime. Depositions to
strengthen the latter fact were also read
to the Jury. Among those who testified
for the defense yesterday were: A Cas-
M. W. Butler. Samuel C. Hammond.
I»r £• » ut £ rlt #- Geor *c B. Stangenber
ger, N. R. Doolittle, Fred Gambella S
a&ner, Slgmund H. Harris, Henry Ro
t navies D. Ma her, Joseph Fogarty Dr J
G. Thompson. Edgar Pattle. EB Grace
French J ' Sulllvan ™* Prank J.
One More Cemetery.
The Congregation Ohabai Shalon. com
posed of members of the Bush street
Temple, have purchased ten acres of land
in San Mateo County for burial purposes
Articles of incorporation are now being
filed with the Secretary cf State, all the
stock having been subscribed. The fol
lowing are the incorporators: J M
Straubs P. Stern P Shmidt. D. Stern,
M. Blackman and M. Kahn. Work on the
ground will be commenced in a few days
Contracts will be called for. and it is ex
pected that the cemetery will be ready
for interments in sixty days. The plats
will be taken care of on the Eastern plan
which will be a great saving of expense
to plat owners.
Kindergarten Exercises.
The Crocker, Eaton, Sutro and Peabody
kindergartens, under the auspices of the
Silver Street Kindergarten Association,
will hold a joint festival on Friday, De
cember 16, at 10 a. m., in the Silver street
Kindergarten, 64 Silver street. In this
school the first kindergarten west of the
Rocky Mountains was established by Mrs
Kate Douglas Wlggin, and the coming
festival will mark its nineteenth annual
Christmas celebration. The public is in
vited to attend the exercises and visit the
institution.
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter St., r. 6 and 7.
Stricken With Apoplexy.
Major Mercer Otey, residing at 1012
Fourteenth street, Oakland, suffered a
stroke of apoplexy at 432 California street
yesterday afternoon as he was going to his
lunch. He was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital and at a late hour was resting easy.
Major Otey is at present connected with
the Equitable Life Insurance Company.
He is an old Comstock man, and is fa
miliar with all the early history of Vir
ginia City and Nevada.
_♦- — -SS
A Soldier's Mistake,
J. C. Deasy, a soldier, appeared before
____ ADVERTISEMENTS^^ -_ ; ._ .
HOLIDAY OFFERINGS
. . . OF . . .
SPECIAL VALUES
. . . IST . . .
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
...HOSIERY...
STORE OPEN EVENINGS THIS WEEK UNTIL 9 O'CLOCK.
At 15 Cents.
300 dozen CHILDREN'S EXTRA HEAVY FAST BLACK COTTON
■ HOSE, in bicycle and narrow rib, with double heels and soles,
usual price $3 00 dozen; will be sold for 15c pair.
At 25 Cents.
200 dozen BOYS' EXTRA HEAVY FAST BLACK IMPORTED COTTON
HOSE, cable and 1-1 ribbed, suitable for rough usage, will be sold at
25c.
At 26 Cents.
400 dozen CHILDREN'S FANCY COTTON HOSE, in all the latest de-
signs, including Scotch plaids and. squares. Tartans and Roman
stripes, with silk embroidery, usual prices from 50c to 75c pair; will
be sold without reserve at 25c pair.
LADIES' HOSIERY.
At 25 Cents.
800 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK IMPORTED COTTON HOSE, extra
heavy heels and soles, usual price *3 00; will be sold for 25c the pair
At 16 Cents.
300 dozen LADIES' SELF COLOR HOSE, pink, blue, lavender and red,
with black boots, Rembrandt and Richelieu ribs, at 15c the pair.
At 25 Cents.
500 dozen LADIES' NOVELTY COTTON HOSE, in plaids and Roman
stripes, our usual price $6 00 a dozen, will be on sale at 25c the pair.
At 35 Cents.
300 dozen LADIES' FANCY LISLE THREAD HOSE in Scotch squares
and plaids, never sold for less than $6 00 a dozen, will be on sale at
35c the pair.
At 6O Cents.
250 dozen FANCY LISLE THREAD HOSE, in all the latest designs,
plaids Tartans and Van Dyck patterns, plain and ribbed, with
vertical embroidery, worth 75c and $1 00 the pair, will be sold for 60c.
At 75 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' FANCY LISLE HOSE, Van Dyck black boot, with
embroidered ankles, and various other designs, worth $1 00 and
$1 25, will be on sale at 75c the pair. '.-.--. "■■;'-
(/(/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts* /
\Jr \jp San .Fr«nolsco« /
Tustice of the Peace Barry in Judge Con
la n's court yesterday to answer to a
charge of interfering with an officer
Saturday afternoon Secretary adham of
the Eureka Society was taking a girl to
the City Prison, and when they passed
Deasv on McAllister street the girl was
crying?. Deasy's chivalrous nature was
aroused by the arirl's tears, and he hit
fvadham on the .law. Wadham promptly
placed him under «rrer Deasyex
p alned that he did not know that
ham was an officer, and the acting Jurige
after giving him a lecture discharged
him.
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor."
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Emestlme Kreltng. Proprietor and Mgr.
-TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT-
Audran's Favorite Opera,
THE MASCOT.
GREAT CAST!
New Scenery. Enlarged Chorus.
Superb Orchestra. Correct Costumes.
Fun, Melody and Frolic.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT WEEK— Our Xmas Spectacle, "THE
YELLOW DWARF," a Harvest of
Song. Humor and Ballet.
Popular Prices, 25 and CO cents. N. B.— A
reserved seat for the Matinee, 25 centß. Our
Telephone, Bush 9.
MOROSCO'S GRAND K
V" alter Mobosco, Sole Lessee and Managed
COMMENCING MONDAY, DEC. 12th,
First Time Here of the Great Comedy-Drama,
TEMPTATION
...OP 1 ...
MONEY!
SONGS, DANCES, MEDLEYS.
A ROARING COMEDY.
Seats on Pale at Bnx Office and Emporium.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Evening Prices 10c. 25c and 50c
ALCAZAR THEATER.
SEATS BY PHONE. MAIN 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINKE SATURDAY.
A. M. PALMER'S SUCCESS,
ALABAMA!
A Story In Poetry of Southern Life.
ffticis. ISC, 25c, 35C, 50c.
Next Week— Roland Reed's Farce Comedy,
"HUMBUG."
COMEDYJTHEATER.
fILL THIS WEBKI
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
The Big Sensational Show,
HARRY MARTELL'S Realistic Southern Pro-
THE SOUTH BEFORE THE WAR!
The Only Show of Its Kind on Earth.
ABSOLUTELY UNIQUE. WITHOUT A
RIVAL.
M! Sable Soulful Singers.
I Sunburnt Southern Silhouettes.
| Camp Meeting Shouters and Shooters,
i Gunny-Sacked Cotton Picking Chor-
isters.
. Male and Female Afrtc-Hued Artists.
EVENING PRICES 16c, 25c, 35c, 50c
MATINEE PRICES 15c and 25c
Monday, Deo. I»— Hoyt'B "A BUNCH OF
KEYS."
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA_THEATER.
A DECIDED SUCCESS.
America's Irish Character Actor,
Mr. Daniel Sully
AND HIS EXCELLENT COMPANY.
Presenting His Great Success,
UNCLE 808.
A DRAMATIC GEM. FULL OF PATHOS AND
COMEDY.
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
ELABORATELY STAGED.
Next Play— '•O'BßlEN, THE CONTRACTOR."
Seats at box office and Emporium.
COLUMBIAJTHEATER
TO-NIGHT POSITIVELY.
Owing to the unavoidable delay of company
arrival and the desire of the management to
give a perfect production, no performance was
given last evening.
HOYPS
A PARLOR
MATCH
Will Open TC%-I\IICIHT Without Fall
EVERYBODY IN PERFECT TRIM.
IT WILL GO WITH A HURRAH t
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN,
PEER OF MONOLOGIST6.
JULIUS P. WITMARK. Famour Vocalist.
THE THREE MERKELL SISTERS, Euro-
pean Acrobats.
FRANK LA MONDI'E. The Mute Comedian.
VIOLET DALE. Acrobatic Dancer.
CAMILLA URSO, Viollnlste.
PAUL BATTY' S ACROBATIC BEARS.
ARNESEN, Celebrated Equilibrist.
BAKER, SELLERY AND BARTLETT.
Comedians.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES. WED.. SAT, and SUNDAY.
(INQLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
Five op More Races Daily.
DECEMBER irrH
DECEMBER 28TH
WEDNESDAY
THE PALACE HOTEL BTAKE&
20 ENTRIEB 40
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:55 p. m.
Round-trip tickets, 25c.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny streets
every three minutes.
ADMISSION ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. IT. GREEN. Secretary.
CONCEPTS A3TD BESORTtf.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
MONDAY, DECEMBER 12TH.
YOU'LL BE SORRY IF YOU MISS IT.
FUN AND MUSIC FOR YOU ALL.
(5 Theaters, Grand One-hour Walking Match.
I Bands of Music and Rare Novelties.
A Night of Enjoyment. Admission. 25c.
Weekly Gall $150 D^Yiar
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley about the same.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay dull. Bran and Middlings flnnef.
B.ans and Soeds unchanged.
Rather more business in Wool.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter advanced a|
Egg* steadier and Cheese firm.
Two caw if Eastern Poultry sold.
Game rather lower.
Citrus fruits declining,
-ions unchanged.
Meats as before.
Financial quotations unaltered.
THE SALMON PACK.
M. S. Lowenthal gives the Pacific Coast Sal
mon pack for 1898 at 2.454.000 cases, consisting !
'.■lunibia River, 27,150 Sacramento
River, 10,455 Rogue River, 76,000 Oregon Rivers,
Puget Bound, i»60,365 Alaska and 486,500
imbla. The shipments were 634,146
San Francisco and 334,073 cases from
British Columbia.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 12, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in past twenty-four j
hours:
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL I
FORECAST.
Last This Last !
Stations— 2-4 Hours. Season. Season. ;
Eureka 0.00 8.13 13.02
Ri d Bluff I 2.13 6.6S
unento o.W) 1.61 4.00
0.00 I.St 3.95 |
Fre»n 0.00 1.49 1.69 I
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.75 1.41
!. - Angeles 0.00 0.12 2.4S
San Diego 0.00 O.W 1.19
Vuma 0.70 0.77
Ban Francisco duta— Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 4!; moan, 4S.
The weather remains clear and cold over the
Pacific Slope. Ttv pressure has fallen slightly
■luring the past twelve lioura, but is yet fax
rmal.
There has been practically no change in the
t.-:.;, ept in Arizona, where it has
ip a little.
Conditions aro favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather in California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight, December 13, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday except
partly cloudy on the northwest coast; light
■ winds. Killing frost for to-night.
ithern California— Fair Tuesday; light
variable winds. Killing frost to-night.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Aru ma— Fair Tuesday.
San ! randsco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
; light variable winds.
al from Mount Tatualpals— Clear: wind
■•II miles; temperature, 58; maximum
temperature, 50. G. H. WILLSOX,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— Stocks made very ma
terial progress to-day in the present upward
movement, and left off buoyant with advances
In Standard stock ranging from 1 to 3 points,
while this rise was exceeded In many less
prominent issues, notably Pullman, Third
avenue and Edison Illuminating. The transac
tions for the day in stocks and bonds were
of an enormous scale, immense blocks of se
curities changing hand«» at rising figures,
Karly Quotations were in strong sympathy
with London, where there was a scramble for
stocks even after the closing there for the
new account, which opens to-morrow. Com
mission bouses were in receipt of many orders
to buy at the market rate, and the volume of
business offset frequent efforts to depress val
ues. Ueporu of truffle earnings for the first
week in December were almost uniformly
favorable, as were several belated November
statements of gross earnings. An incident ex
erting favorable effect was the receipt of over
J3,0Gu,000 in cold from France and London.
The immense demand for bonds, In which the
transactions reached over {$,000,000, exerted a
favorable influence in stocks, as did a ten
dency to discount January dividend disburse
ments. Atehlson preferred, on transactions of
150.000 shares, went up 3%. The heavy pur
chases were made by brokers identified with
prominent Interests active in other properties.
The drift of speculative activity in the grang
ers was interpreted favorably. High-priced In
vestment stocks like the grangers, Great North
ern preferred. New Haven and Hartford and
Albany and Susquehonna, rose sharply. Ex
cepting sugar, the industrials tended upward.
New York Central's prices crossed those of
Pennsylvania, The coalers on favorable trade
outlook were conspicuous for advances. Genera
Electric responded to reports of sales of it«
product abroad. The Pacifies were strong with
the rest of the market. Northern Pacific over
coming the early heaviness due to the reports
thai t lie- company favored extensions into Ore
gon Navigation Company territory.
The marKet for bonds was one of the strong
est and most active of the year, there being
many advances of a point or more. A renewal
nf reign buying on a considerable scale was
noticeable. Atchison issues expanded, and a
great many other noteworthy gains were
chronicled in leading mortgages. Total sales
$8,460,0(10. United Slates new fours, the old
fours coupon and the fives registered advanced
J n in the bid price.
The total Bales of stocks to-day were &50,400
Fhares, Including 3900 Atchison, 150,000 do pre
ferred, 32.55 Canada Southern, 4035 Central Pa
cific, 12.750 C. and 0., 98S0 Burlington, 5800
Denver and Rio Grande preferred, 17,600 Illin
ois Central, 22.150 Louisville and Nashville
11.354 Manhattan. 8520 Metropolitan, 34,220 Mis
souri Pacific, 6500 M., K. and T. preferred,
822'"' New York Central, 30,620 Northern Pa
cific, 20,820 do preferred, 20,600 Ontario an
Western, 15,200 Kock Island. 14,720 Union. Pa
cific, 25.720 do preferred, 29,500 St. Paul, til
Southern Pacific. 6000 Southern Railway.
17,400 do preferred, 12,600 Texas and Pacific,
•MX W. an i L. E., 4600 do preferred, 3SOO
American Spirits, 21,000 Tobacco. 10,100 Steel,
IS.SOO do preferred, 17,400 People's Gas 3300
Consolidated Uas. 10,170 General Electric, ScPO5 c PO
Pacific Mail, 4070 Pullman. 57,620 Sugar
2.".500 T., C. pp<i 1., 4420 Leather preferred
7<>oo Kabber, 7257 Western Union, 6200 St. L,
and B. \v., 2700 do preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 17' 3 Do prefd 65%
Do prefd 50% Do 2d prefd 33%
r.alt &• Ohio 59% St L & S \V 7%
Can I'ac 84% j Do prefd 16
Can South 54% 1 3t Paul 116%
Cent Pac .14 % I Do prefd 166
Chos & Ohio IB l .* Ist p & om 86
Chi & Alt IG6'* Do prefd 169
C X & Q 121% St P M A M 174
Chi & and E 111.. 60 Iso Pac 29%
Do prefd lll%jSo Railway 10%
Chi G \v 14% Do prefd (2%
Chi Ind & L : ; Tex & Pac 16%
• ■Do preid 34 Union Pac 39%
Chi &N XV 138% Do prefd 71%
Do prefd I*! U P D & G (2d
CO C.v St L 43*4 assmt paid) 12%
Do pretd 93 Waba!«n ;;%
Dpi A Hudson 107% Do prefd ..,...'... 22%
Del I. & w 149 Wheel & L F. (4th
Den and R G...... 15% ' nssmt paid) ....." 5%
Do prefd 64% no prefd 27%
Srie (new) 13»». Express companies —
Do i.-i prefd 36% Adams i:x 108
Ft Wayne 175 American Ex 147
''.i North prefd. ..KO% United States . 54
Hocking Valley .. 2"i Wells-Fargo ..-. 129
111 Cent 1 1 4 ' ; Miscnianeous—
Luke Erie & — r t A;,, Cot oil 34V4
Do prefd C3"ij J>o prefd 89 1 , i
Lake Shore 195 Am Spirits 12%
Louis & Nash 64% Do prefd 3.-.V.
Manhattan L 96% An Tobacco ......143 "
Met St Rj 193 Do prefd 126
Mich Cent lid Con Gas 194%
Minn & and St L.. 25% Com Cable Co 175 "
Do Ist prefd S.Vi Col F & Iron 26%
Mo Pac 43% Do prefd 77
Mobile & Ohio 31 Gen Electric S3"/4
M X & T 12% Haw Com Co 49
Do prefd 56% Intnl Paper 60
V .1 Cont 93 bo prefd 92
X V Cent 120% Laelede Gas .. 53
"I VC& St 1 14 Lead 37
-»o lFt prefd 65 Do prefd 113
. i>o 2d prefd 35V4 Mat Lin Oil 9%
— .rthwest .15 Pac Mail 43%
So Amer Co <"* People's Gas .... l\(>i,i,
No Pacific 41%iPulman Palace ...US
Do prefd 77% Silver cert 69%
Ont & \V 17',.,-tnn Rope & T.. 7%
Or R & Nay 50 Sugar 132%
Or Shore Line 3S Do prefd 114 :
Pac Coast Ist pref "'.< TC & Iron 33%
Do 2d prefd 56 U S Leather 5%
Plttsburg 175 Do prefd C9Vi
Reading ]8% r S Rubber 47
Da Ist prefd 46% Do prefd 112%
R O AY 27 IWest Union 954
Do prefd 63 (Federal Steel!!!!.! 32 *
Rock Island 110 7 4j Do prefd "8U
F: L & S F 8% B It T 73V4
f CLOSING BONDS.
D S 3? 106% N" V Cent 18t5....H7%
C S new 4s, reg..HS»i N J Cent 6s 114»i
Do coup 12S'i Nor Carolina 6s .125
D B 4s 111% I>o M 14
.Do coup 113 i Nor Pac lsts....H7Vi
Do Ids 99% I Do 3s » 69^
T S ss, rag 113 HI Do 4s 102
Do 5s coup 11-' s N V C& S L 45. .105%
District 3 65s IIS Nor &W 6s ... 127
Ala, class A 103 'Nn-th western con. 143
Do 15 109 DO deb 5s 117U
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts 114 t
Do currency 100 Or Nay 4« S§i4
Atchison 4s 9»H O S Lline 6s,tr,pfdl3o'
Do adj 4s 77% 0 S Line ss, tr....11l
Can So Ms 110% Pacific 6s of 95 102%
Can Pac lsts 90% Reading 4s ....... 86%
Chicago Term .... 94% It G W lets'. 92
<• & Ohio 5s 117 jK L & I M con 5b.103
C. H & D ...104% S L & S F Gen 65.123%
I) & R G Ist* ins St P Con 162%
D .v R G 4s 100% S P C & P m5....l 10%
F.ast Term Ists ..l"7Vi Do ~,h 11314
Erie Gen 4s 75 So Ry 5s 105
F \V & D lsts, tr. R6 Stan R & T 65.... 79^4
Gen Elec it : 107% Term new set 35.. 95
G H & S A 6b.... 107 Tex Pac L G 15t5.107%
Do 2ds 103 : Do reg 2ds 48
H &- TC 5S 112 Union Pac 4s ....103
Do con 6s 11l I UP D & Glf Ists. 88%
lowa C lets ....104 Wan Ist 5s 113
I.n new cons .107 I Do 2ds 94%
I. & N Unt 45.... 97? W Shore 4s ......112>4
Missouri 6b 100 Va Centuries 81
M. X & T 2d5.... 67 Do ■ deferred .... 6%
Do 4s ............ 90% Wls Cent 15t5'....63
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— >, Do pref d 60
Call loans 2@3-Ed Tel Elec ......1?6
Time loans 3r£4 Gen Elec prefd. ...170
Stocks— ' Atchi?on prefd 00%
Atchlson- ITS Bonds— ]
Am Sugar 132% Atchlson 4j 98%
Do prefd 114% Gen . Elec os lu^ ,
Bay/State .......... 2%; Mlnins ' Shares
Bell Tel 279 Allouez Mln Co — 4%\
Boston & Albany.. 247 Atlantic .. 31
Boston & Maine... Bost & Mont 23S
Boston & L 84 Butte & Boston ... 66 j
j C B& Q 121%!Cal & Hecla 610 j
1 Fltchburg 105 Centennial 25%
Gen Electric 9% Franklin 17%
Hex Cent 8% Old Dominion 35%
' Old Colony 195 psceola 70%
:Or Short Line 3S Quincy 135 ;
' Rubber ... 47 Tamarack 170
i Union Pac 39Vi Wolverine 30
I West End • Humboldt 3%
Do prefd 112 Union Land 5 ■
j Westingh Elec 39%!
•MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22 IDntarlo 800
Crown Point 17 Ophir .60
Con Cal 1 & Va....125 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry 23 , Do prefd 4 50
Hale & Norcrosa..l 64 Sierra Nevada 100
Homestake 50 00 Standard 180
Iron Silver 72 Union Con . 21
Mexican 32 Yellow Jacket 15
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— The Commercial Ad
j vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
I Business was small In the market to-day, |
j this being the last day or me account. The
j tone was cheerful, the feature being the buoy
| ancy of Americans, which were very active.
! There was a fair amount of public dealings
i in them and they boomed until the close when j
' there was a slight reaotion on ' profit-taking In
the street.
Spanish bonds were 42.
Money is hardening, ! and expected to be firm
until the end of the year. It is probable that
there will be borrowing from the bank. Ger
many took African gold at 7Ss.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 12.— Canadian Pacific, 87%:
Grand Trunk, 7Vi.
Bar silver, dull, 27 7-16 d; money, 2Vi@2%
per cent.
Spanish fours closed at 41%.
PARIS, Dec. 12.— Spanish fours closed at 42.25.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— Receipts,
25,000; exports, 7894 bbls. Active for spring
patents and generally steady. Winter patents,
$3 6003 80.
WHEAT— Receipts. 105.225; exports, 287,953
bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2. red, 75% c f. o. b.
I afloat. Options opened firm on steady cables.
j foreign buying and small world's shipments.
] The heavy visible supply in corn demoralized !
i the market, however, and weakness ensued all !
, the afternoon except for a slight closing rally
ion covering. Final, %@Hc net lower. Janu
ary, 71 11-16@71?ic.
HOPS— Steady.
METALS— The week In the metal market
started off with a decidedly better feeling
noted, contrary to expectations. Copper and
: lead were in good demand particularly and
I higher to-day with the prospects bright for a
! general improvement all around. News at hand
; averaged up in favor of holders. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
I PIGIRON— nominal at $7 25. . :
LAKE COPPER— Steady, with $12 70 bid and
$12 86 asked.
TlN— Unchanged, with US bid and $18 10
asked.
LEAD— Firmer, with $3 62% bid and $3 67%
asked.
SPELTER— Steady, with $5 25 bid and $3 35
askod.
The firm naming the settling price for leading
miners and smelters at the West quotes lead
$3 45 and copper $12 75.
COFFEE— closed steady with prices
15-320 points higher. Sales 25,000 bags, in
cluding: December, $5 70; January, $o7". ii. SO;
February. $5 70@5 SO; March, $5 7508 95; May,
$5 90© 6 10.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio quiet and tending up
ward; No. 7 Invoice, 6Vic; No. 7 Jobbing, 7c.
Mild— Quiet and firm with good demand at full
rates. Cordova, B@lsc.
SUGAR — Raw. irregular; fair refining,
3 15-16':; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16 c; molasses,
3 11- He; refined, quiet, about steady.
BUTTER — Receipts. 6634 packages; firm.
Western creamery, 15i@21c; Elglns, 21c; factory,
12®14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7183 packages; firm. West
ern. 25c; Southern, 22<g24c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— California fruits:
Apples, strong; other fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7'gSe;
prime wire tray, S%c; choice, 9@3Vic; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4@S%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c; Moorpark. 14®
17c.
' PEACHES— 8',4@12%0; peeled. 18
<g2oc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 12.— It looked at the etart
as If wheat was to be another bull market.
The worlds shipment figures were very en
couraging to buyers, showing a total of but
8,500,000 bushels, as against 9,844,000 bushels
last year.
Of this amount 6,870,000 bushels were shipped
from this side. The feature which attracted
the most attention, however, was the re
markably small Russian shipments— only 516,
000 bushels. This fact, coupled with the re
ports of scarcity in some provinces of Russia,
suggested a possible dropping out of that coun
try as a competitor of America for the pres
ent, at least, and gave a good deal of stiffness
to the early trading. Liverpool also showed
firmness, VS^sd advance being chronicled In
that market. May started a .shade higher at
6i',i'ff6o%c. There was quite a good demand
at those figures, both from shorts and from the
general crowd, the result being an immediate
advance to 65% c. The demand was soon satis
fied, and for a short time the market was ex
tremely dull, though steady. Then it turned
weak, and remained in that condition until
shortly before the close, only the narrowness
of trading preventing a more serious decline
than occurred. Private London cablegrams
saying that Russian offerings were Increasing
was the first wave that struck the sand house
of the bulls. Soon after this the figures on the
world's visible were posted. They showed
an Increase of 2,623,000 bushels, an amount so
far beyond even what the most pessimistic
bear had expected that all the wheat bought
during the early trading, and considerably more
besides, was dumped on to the market. Before
the liquidation ceased May had . dropped . to
65c, and even nt that price there was very lit
tle biddlnz for some time. Near the close
covering by shorts gave a little strength to
the market, and caused the May price to re
cover to 65^W65'/i. where It closed.
Corn, though very dull, was comparatively
firm. The decline in wheat acted as a drag
on the market for a time, but toward the close
the demand became better, and prices advanced
slightly, the market holding firm to the end.
May closed ',£ higher. i
Oats were even duller than corn. Trading
was very narrow all day. and chiefly of a
scalping nature. The market in a general way
followed corn, and ruled rather firm through
out at a slight advance. May closed V6@K
higher. -
Provisions were firm from the start. Com
mission houses were well supplied with buy-
Ing orders, and the local crowd was decidedly
bullish on the belief that a bull campaign was
on. Packers sold sparingly, notwithstanding
large hog receipts. The market closed firm at
about top figures— May pork 15c higher. May
lard 12'4c higher, and May ribs 7V4@loc higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. 1 Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 64</6 64Vi 63% 63%
May 63% Cf.% 65 65H
July !!""""""" 64% C4?i 64 64 *
Corn No. —
December 33 33 32% 33
May 33% 34H 33% 34%
July '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'/.'. ...... 34% 34% 34% 34%
Oats No. 2—
December 25% 25"» 25% 25%
May .....""'.l'.'.'.'. 26 * 20% 25% 26V4
Mess Pork, per barrel—
January 9 37' 2 9 47% 9 37% 9 4714
May : 960 950 960 . 870
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 5 22% 523 620 825
May ..*. 5 37% 5 47% 5 3714 545
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 4 67% 4 72% 4 67% 470
May 4 90 4 60 4 85 4 90
! Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull and steady; No. 3 spring wheat,
! 60@6Sc; No. 2 red, 67c; No. 2 corn. 33'i®33V4c;
No. 2 oats, 26<<if(2r.is ! ; No. 3 white. 27y><£2S%e:
No. 2 rye. f.3'ic; No. 2 barley, i. o. b., 41@49c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 02%; prime timothy seed,
$2 27%£2 30: mess pork. per bbl.. $8 17%@S 20;
lard, per 100 lbs., $5 1508 20; short rib* sides !
(loose), $4 50f?4 80; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
4% l st4»»c; short clear sides (boxed), $4 90@4 62%;
whisky, distillers' finished- goods, per gallon,
I $1 26. |
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. i
Flour, barrels 23,000 22,000
Wheat, bushels 160,000 92,000
! Corn, bushels 331,000 325.000
Oats, bushels 402.000 242,000 I
' Rye. bushels 73.000 5,000
Barley.- bushels 77.000 41.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak: creameries, 14Q>19%c; dairies,
13@lSc: cheese, steady, B%@loV4c; eggs, firm,
fresh 22®22^c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 753.650 38,250
Duluth 2M.21M 670,412
Milwaukee 10,160 29.250
Chicago 159,760 91,006
Toledo 33,642 E.OOO
St. Louis ,r7, r 7 20,000
Kansas City ...: 143,500 56.500
Totals 1.481.032 913.317
Tidewater-
Boston 102.255
New York ... • Ki5,225 157.958
Thlladf lphia (5,707 27,132
Baltimore 131,480 105,762
New Orleans
Qalveston
TotaU »,,....
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1 3, 1898.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— ',• ! Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 9% 5 8%
Closing 5 9% 6 8%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour—
Opening .43 40 45 00
Closing 45 30 44 80
Wheat-
Opening ....20 95 2105
Closing 20 75 20 90 ;
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 12.— CATTLE— was
brisk on a basis of $3 85@4 50 for the commoner
kinds up to ?5@5 60 for good to strictly choice
fat shippnig cattle, with Christmas beeves sal
able at $5 70@6. The bulk of the offerings sold
at $4 HAS 50; Btockers and feeders were slow at
$2 So@4 35; calves brought $3^6 75.
HOGS— Sales were at $3 2502 30 for the com
monest hogs up to $3 40@3 50 for the best
droves, the bulk of the hogs selling at $3 35®
3 45. Pigs sold largely at $3 15@3 35.
i SHEEP— Prime lambs sold at $5 20@5 25.
; Lambs sold largely at $4 50@6, very common
I lots selling at J2 50@4 and feeders being sal
able at $4 40@4 60. Feeding sheep were dull at
$3 40@3 70.
Receipts— Cattle, 14.500; hogs, 60,000; sheep,
22,000. •
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1200.
Market slow but firm. Beef steers, $3 75@4 25;
cows, $3@3 70; feeders, freight paid to river.
$3 50® 4 10; stocker.s. freight' paid, $3 75<@4 25;
bulls, stags, etc., $2@2 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 500. Market 5c higher. Light
packers, $3 40®3 45; mixed, $3 35@3 40; heavy,
$3 20f13 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1200. Market slow and
weak; good fat muttons, $3 65<g4; lambs, $4®
! 4 25.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. CATTLE—
Receipts, 6000; market steady to strong. Na
tive steers, $3@5 50; Texas steers, $2 25@4 35;
Texas cows. $2 25@3 10; native cows and heif
ers, $1 50<?3 75; stackers and feeders, $3<§4 25;
bulls. $1 25@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 9000; market strong to 5c
higher; active. Bulk of sales, $3 25@3 87%;
heavies, $3 25@3 42%: packers, $3 20@3 37%;
mixed, $3 25© 3 35; lights, $3 15<J?3 27%; yorkers,
$3 25«?3 27%: pigs, $2 90^3 15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; market firm. Lambs,
$4 ft s 60; muttons, $3@4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Dec. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2600;
market steady. Native beef steers, $4 10<S?5 65;
westerns, $3 2504 30; Texas steers, $3 5053 !<0;
cows and heifers, $3@4 20; stockers and feed
ers, $3 25@4 25; calves, $4 50@6 75; bulls, stags,
etc., $2 101r3 SO.
HOGS — Receipts. 6S00: market shade stronger.
Heavy, $3 32<*<??3 37% mixed. $3 35ig3 37H: ll«rht.
J3 ;,7''a3 42'afplgs, $3553 30; bulk of sales. $3 35
01 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1R00; market steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 60941 4D; western muttons. $3 40
@4 25; stock sheep. ?3 1698 60; lambs. $4@5 25.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat for
the week ending Saturday, December 10, as
compiled by the New York Produce Exchange,
is as follows:
Wheat, 26.735,nn0 bushels, increase, 2,640,000
bushels; corn 17.R74.n00 bushels, increase 2,522,000
bushels; oats. C,6sl,(hK) bushels, decrease, 185,000
bushels: rye. 1.225.000 bushels, increase. 206, iXW
bushels; barley, 4,002,000 bushels, increase, 164,
000 bushels.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Dec. 12. — The wool auction sales
were continued to-day with a large attend
ance. The offerings consisted of 9963 bales,
principally merinos and generally of good
quality. The demand for this wool was very
good. Medium greasies, however, showed a
falling off. Petter descriptions of New South
Wales sold quickly, while a number of heavy
Car? of Good Hope and Natal wools were
withdrawn. The general tone was firm. Con
tinental buyers competed actively for merinos
locks and pieces.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Dec. 12.— Consols, 110 7-16; silver,
27 7-lfio; French rentes, 102 francs 80c.
LONDON, Pec. 12.— Wheat cargoes off coast,
nothing doing; cargoes on passage, sellers ask
ing advance 3d; import into United Kingdom,
wheat 2*1000; Import into United Kingdom,
flour 361,000; wheat and flour on passage to
Unitf.i Kingdom. 2,250.000; wheat and flour on
passage to Continent. l.lSO.oOo; Indian ship
ments wheat to United Kingdom. 26,000; Indian
shipments wheat to Continent. 7000.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 12.— Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French
country markets, quiet and steady: cotton, up
lands. 3 5-32; wheat, spot No." 2 red western
winter, steady, f.s id: No. 1 red northern spring,
firm. 6s H4; corn, futures ulet; December,
3s SVtd; January, 3s 7-\d ; March, 3a 6T»d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL.. Dec. 12.— Wheat futures closed
' dull; December, 6s 9%d; March, 5a B%d; May,
| 5s 6%d.
LIVERPOOL, GRAIN IMPORTS.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 12.— The Imports of wheat
Into Liverpool for the week from Atlantic
port* were 105,600 quarters: from Pacific ports,
none; from other ports, 6000 uqtraera.
Imports of corn Into Liverpool for the week
i from Atlantic ports, 77,000 quarters.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Pec. 12.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $292,896,799; gold reserve,
$245,044,238.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Dec. 12.— Exchanges. $328,146;
balances. $43,626.
__
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 12— The wheat market Is
almost at a standstill with sellers asking more
than buyers can pay and buyers Indifferent
i about doing business, even on a basis that
; would permit of their keeping even. Walla
Walla was quoted at f>Sc to-day, valley 60c and
blue stem 62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 12.— Wheat club, 58c;
| blue stem, 61@62c. •
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S4\
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 86
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. ' — 17%
Fine Sliver; per ounce. — 69\
Mexican Dollars — 4,7*»
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT- Futures opened weaker, hut recov
ered under light trading. Spot quotations were
unaltered.
Spot wheat— Shipping, $1 13%@1 16>4: milling.
U 17%@1 22%. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— 6ooo ctls,
$1 16%: 14.000. $1 16%.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 16%.
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls,
Jl 16%; 4000, |i 17: 10,000, Jl 16%.
Regular Afternoon May — 14,000 ctls,
Jl 16%: 12.000. $1 16%.
BARLEY— Futures ruled; firm, but there was
no change In the spot market. ' Business was
quiet.
Feed. %1 27%<i?l 32% c: Brewing, $1 35<gl 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
! Second Session— Seller '99—2000 ctls, 96c; 2000,
| 95% c: 2000, 95% c.
Regular ' Mornlnr . Session — seller .'99
2000 ctls. 97c: 4000, 97% c. December— 2ooo, $1 3t%.
May— 2ooo, $1 32; 2000. $1 30.
. Regular Afternoon- Session — December — 2000
Ctls, Jl 34%: 8000, Jl 34%;. May— $1 30; 2000.
Jl 29%. New. seller '99—2000, 98% c.
'■ OATS— is nothing new to report.
Fancy Feed, $1 27%<gl 30 per ctl; good
to choice, Jl 22%@1 25: common, ■ $1 20;
Surprise. $1 35@1 42%: Gray, $1 20@l 22%; mill
ing, »1 25@1 30 per ctl; Red, $1 40®l 47%; Black.
$1 6061 70.
CORN— Stocks are well cleaned up and the
market Is firm, but unchanged.
Small round yellow, Jl lo^l 17%; Eastern
large yellow, $1 10; white $1 05Q1 10; mixed,
$1 07% per ctl; California white, $1 10@l 12%.
RYE— California, |1 17%@1 20; Eastern, Jl 15
""buckwheat-is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Shipment of 25,000 barrels Flour, valued at
187,600. to Cork.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
; extras, $3 90@4 per bbl. .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
! lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 76 per
' 100: Rice. Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
j cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25: Oat
1 Groats. $4 50; Hominy, »3 25#3 50: Buckwheat
i Flour. J4S4 2".: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
1 »4 CO: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
i (barrels). J5 55(&6 25; In sacks, $5 65<§6 05; Pearl
i Barley. $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
i per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFB. , -
The prolonged dry spell seems to have no
effect whatever on Hay. which Is dull and
unchanged, except strictly fine wheat, which
shows an upward : tendency. Dealers say that
the demand Wai never so dull as at present.
. Bran has advanced 50 cents per ton, and Mid
dlings are also firm. . .
HKAN — $1.V&16 50 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— SI9@M DO per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S— RoIIed Barley, $26 50<jf27 SOper
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31«f31 50; Job
bins. $32<ij32 60; Cocoanut Cake. $24i§25; Cotton
seed Meal. $2S((J?.O per ton; Cornmeal. $23 50®
24 50: Cracked Corn. $24@25. :-.'■
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16 5O<??18 for
good to j choice and $14@16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat. $15(ffil6 SO;
Oat. $14@ir. 50; Island Barley. $11<514: Alfalfa.
$11 ft 12 50; Stock, ?llfr 12: Clover, \ : nominal.
i OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, •tcj—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50@15: Cheat.
$11 75@12 75; Alfalfa, $10^10 50; Oat. $13 60@15;
Clover, $11 50 / gi2; Timothy," 1 $11 50@13 per ton."
STRAW— 75c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
. Quotations remain unchanged and all markets
under this head are quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $2@2 10; Small Whites
$2 15@2 20; Large Whites, $1 8001 95; Pinks,
$2@2 10; Reds, $3 15@3 25; Blackeye. $3 75<g4;
Butters, $2®2 50; Lima?. $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 30©
2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 per ctl. .;- ■
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 EMM 75 per ctl
yellow Mustard $4 25; Flax." $2'S2 25: Canary
Seed, 2Vi(g2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 6>i@6%c;' Rape.
2Vi@2%ic; Hemp, 2%@2c; Timothy, s@»V4c
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 50@l 75; Green. $1 75
©1 S5 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There are no changes worthy of note and the
market Is quiet.
POTATOES— 50@ 65c for Early Rose; 40@60c for
River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 7r,rT/Sl 10:
Oregon, 75c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, So@6oc for
nearby and $1 30 for Merced; New Potatoes,
l!4©2V4c per lb. .
ONIONS— SO@7Sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, s@Bc; String
Beans, s@7c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 25@
50c for Bay «•- " 50c<3$l for Los Angeles: Egg
Plant. 10c per lb; Garlic, 7@Bc per lb; Dried
Okra, 15c per lb; Green Peppers,- 3@sc per lb;
Dried Peppers. 10@15c: Marrowfat Squash, $S
610 per ton; Carrots, 25@35c per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated. 16@18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new. ISc; Cab
bage, .30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Bears, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c. ; ■
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern arrived and sales were
made at 13c for Turkeys, $5@5 50 for Ducks,
Hens and young Roosters, $5 for old Roosters,
$4 60 for Fryers and $4 for Broilers.
Turkeys continued weak and dull.
Game was lower with a few exceptions.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 13@15c; live
Turkeys, 12@13c for Gobblers and 12@13c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings.
$1 50@l 75; Ducks, $4@6 50 for old and $4 50®
6 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@5; young Roosters,
$4 60@5; old do, $4@4 50; Fryers, $4©4 50; Broil
ers, $4(g>4 50 for large, $3@3 50 for small; Pig
eons, $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail, 75c@$l 25; Mallard, $3®4; Can
vasback, $6^10; Sprig. $2(g"2 £0: Teal, $I@l 25;
Widgeon, $1 2551 50; Small Duck. $101 25; Eng
lish Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $I@l 25; Gray Geese,
$2 hO&Z; White Geese, $1 25; Brant. $1 50; Honk
ers, $334 50; Hare, 75c@U: Rabbits, $1 25@1 50
for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Another advan^o In Butter Is quoted, though
the top figure must be considered extreme.
Some dealers are also quoting a small advance
for fine ranch Eggs, which are firm. Seconds,
however, are dull and easy. There is no change
In Cheese. - '- "
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 29@30c; sec
onds, 27@28c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 24®26c; common.
grades, 18@23c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17«rl8c: pickled roll,
17@lSc for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 22@22%c.
Eastern Butter— packed, 16@16V4c per
lb: Elgin. 22fi22 1
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11%@12c; old, 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar, 12®12^4c; Young Amer
ica. 12c; Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 33@350 per dozen; sec
onds, 27H©32Hc; Eastern. 22&>0'2Sc for ordi
nary and 27 ,4@28£c lor fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The cold weather continues to operate against
citrus fruits, and the tendency Is toward lower
prices. Otherwise there Is nothing new.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, per chest for large
and for Email.
Cranberries, $7 50@9 per barrel for East
ern and $1(51 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 60c@$l per box and crate.
Apples, 35<g60c for common, 7r.e'{j I sl per box
for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $I@l 50.
Pears— soc@sl 25 per box.
Persimmons— 6oc@sl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS Navel Oranges, $2@3" per
box: Seedlings, $1 "s@l 75; Mandarins, $I®l 60;
Lemons, $1(3'2 for common and %2 BOOS 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $3 60Q4; Cali
fornia Lime?. 2r.T;"'V per small box; Grape
Fruit. $1 50(g3 BO; Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, l'S((i^ per dozen.
DRIED ■ FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6V4c for 40-50* s, 4V4<9
Be for DO-GO's, 3>4@3%c for 60-70' 2\@3c for
70-SO's. 2>4@2MiC for SO-SO*!". 2c for 90-100's and
I&@l%c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2V4<3>sc;
Peaches, 6®7V4c for Rood to choice, 7%@Bc for
fancy and 10®12y 2 c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12o
for Royals and 12@12V&e for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, 7Vi<f7Hc; sun dried. 4@4'4c; Black
Figs, sacks, 2iig2Vsc: Plums, 4^isf6c for pitted
and l^il^c ■ for unpltted; Nectarines, . G@7c for
prime to "fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters and
b®9c for halves.
RAISINS— S?ic for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, S*ic for four-crown, s%@6Hc for Seed
less Sultanas. 414 c for Seedless Muscatels and
1120 for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2%<33c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S@l2',4c per lb; Walnuts,
6@7c for hardshell, 9-5 10 c for softshell; Al
monds, 6@7c for hardshell, 13c for softshell, Ifi
15c for paper-shell: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern
and 4Mrl?r.c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 B0(q5.
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and g@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6H®
7c: liuht amber extracted, 6c; dark. s®6^jo
P BEESWAX— 24@2Gc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED HEATS— Bacon, 7%c per lb for
heavy, Re for light medium, 10c for light. lOHc
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10%c: California
Hams, 9%!g9%c; Mei-s Beef, Jin per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12 60; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 500
16; Smoked Beef. 11%@12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at SHo per lb for
compound and 7@7%c for pure: half-barrels,
pure. 7%c; 10-lb tins, 8c; 5-lb tins, SVic.
COTTOLENE— s%fi?6V4c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 In a case, 9V4c:
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c: 5-lb palls, ,12 in a
case, SVic; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, "Tic; wooden buckets, 20
lbs' net, B>4c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7;gc; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There Is a little more doing In' Wool and
conskWablo has l>ef>n. sold, especially spring
and fall Humholdts and foothills, but at prices
which show some concession.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands Bell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, SV4c; light, Be; Cowhides,
80; Stags. 6c; Salted, Kip. 8c; Calf. 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. ITc; Sheepskins,
shearling. ., 15@25c each; short wool, Si'»ig4oc
each; medium. 60@S0c; long wool, 90c@Jl 10
each; Horse Hides. salt.-$175@2 for large and
75c for small: Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 50c<5$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3<i@3%c per lb;
No. 2. 2%c: refined, 4?i@sc; Orease, 2c,
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 7<S9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', S*r9e; Foothill and Northern, free. II
@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 14@15c; Nevada. 9@
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 9@ll
Northern Mountain • & 8
Southern C f i> "'i
Plains ....;..........: • 6@ 6
HOPS— crop. 12V4W14C per lb for ordinary.
15@16c for good and 17@19c for choice to fancy.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6»£c; second quality. 60;
third quality. 4Vi<ffsVfee.
VEAL— Large. 6%©7% c; small, 64<f?Re per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7'/4c ; , Ewes, 6'/4@7c.
LAMB— Be per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large, 4»4c for me
dium, and 2\<iiV.ic for small; stock Hogs, 2%®
Sc; dressed Hogs, 6@6%c for prime.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%©Be; Wool Bags, 265-28 c; San
Quentin Bags, $4 So.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southneld Wellington. $7 50: Seattle. i
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. to; Walleend, $7 50;
Scotch, $S: Cumberland. $8 50@9 in bulk and $10 j
610 25 in Backs: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. ;
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs . and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar : Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash:. Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6 vie: Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated. s c; Dry Granulated. 6%c; Confec
tioners' A, 6%c: California A, oVie; Magnolia A,
Fi*4c; Extra C. 6%e; Golden C. oMic: hall -barrels, I
%c more than barrels, and boxes %c more. No !
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its ;
equivalent.
RAILROAD TlES— Shipment of 38.107, valued
at $3185, to Callao. r
PRODUCE RECEIPTS. .
For Monday. Dec. 12. .
Flour, qr sks 9,920 Hay. tons IS9
Wheat, ctls .. 970 Straw, tons 4 1
Barley, ctls ..... 16,140 Leather, rolls .. 125 |
Corn, ctls - 10 Quicksilver, risks 110 ;
Rye, ctls 660 Lumber, feet .... 20,000 '
Tallow, ctls .;.... Eggs, doz ....... 4.650
Butter, ctls .. IIS Wine, gals ...... 61,600
Cheese, ctls 14 Brandy, gals ... 1,375 ;
Beans, sks 226. Sugar, sks ....... 1.6.
Potatoes, sks ... 4,140 Lime, bbls .. JS2
Onions, ska 321 Pelts, bdls ...:.■. ; 450
Bran, sks ....... 1,890 Hides, No ...... ; 1.013
Middlings, sks... 335
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 23,612 Potatoes, sks ... 3.248 [
Barley, ctls ..... 2.400 Onions, sks 72 ;
Wheat, ctls ..... 5,655 : Wool, bale^i ..... 23 !
- EASTERN.
Corn, ctls . . . . . .. ■ 400 1 • -
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair • business In i local securi
ties, and Hawaiian "■ Commercial • advanced 2
points. Oceanic ; Steamship was also firmer.
Mining stocks showed ;no changes worthy of
note, and were quiet, as , usual. i ■.
The assessment of 4V4 cents per share . on
the capital stock of - the Coast Development
Company will be delinquent in office to-day.
The delinquent assessment sales of the Mex
ican and Best & Belcher j mining companies
will be held to-day.
The Mercur Mining ' Company of Utah has
declared a monthly dividend of 12% cents per
share, amounting to $25,000. payable on De
cember 20.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
the regular monthly dividend of 50 cents per
share on December 20. --a
The annual meeting of the Head Center and
Tranquillity Mining Company -will be held to
da The annual meeting of the California Vlgorlt
Powder Company has been called for Janu-
The annual meeting of the Thorpe Mining
Company has been called for December *. ■ •
The Champion Mining Company of -Nevada
City is laying a pipe line from the ' Spanish
mine to the Champion reservoir, whereby the
water used for power at the Spanish will De
afterward used at the Champion. The new
pipe line will be about 3000 feet long. ■
The Del Monte Gold Mining Company has
elected the following officers: Joseph F ' e ['
president; J. J. Looney. vice-president, \\ 1l-
Ham J. Gleason, secretary, and John T. -ui
llvan treasurer. George O'Brlter has been ap
pointed superintendent. •c>'-».si«i«Mnn
The Yukon Trading. Mining and Exploration
Company, Limited, has declared "sfl"h divi
dend at the rate of 3 per cent, payable Decem
be The 4 ' following companies re^rt cash c ™
feS ordain 7 ' grgsOffg
& Curry $10,127. Hale & Norcross ,|2S2O, Jus
tice $35& Julia Con. $332; Mcx can $6744 . Ophir
$5837. Overman $4765, PoJ 08 ** 2 ,?^ Con
Jlll9 Sie-ra Nevada $8989, Standard
UO3 855. S besides unsold* bunion valued at
$5150; Scorpion $114 Sliver Hill $103. Syndicate
$1415, Union Con. $771 and Utah Con. ♦'«»■-_
Occidental Consolidated reports an Indebted
ness of $5953. Scg. Belcher his a cash In
debtedness of $S3 and owes the bank $000.
Si in er th^ n C g on^,id^id nd C^»^
wl^e^fon^n f 53^1 «
drained by the Pumping Association. The 1750
level station has been repaired. The floor of
the station being entirely rotten a new floor
has been put in and the station made ready to
receive the switch plates and track when re
quired All of this work has been done on
Con Cal. and Va. account by the Pumping As
sociation The pump engine has been over
hauled for use in stripping the pump compart
ment of the C. and C. shaft of the old wire
transmission plant and preparing it to receive
the hydraulic pipe for the new pumping plant.
All of this work has been done by the Com
stock Pumping Association.
In the Ophlr and Mexican mines the Central
tunnel has been cleaned out for a distance of
thirty feet north and 200 feet west of the
Mexican shaft. A crosscut has been driven
easterly from the drift north of the winze on
the Central tunnel level, the location of this
crosscut being 170 feet north and 200 feet west
erly from the Mexican shaft. This crosscut
has been run in the expectation of finding an
ore streak that is believed to exist to the east
of the starting point. The ground is in bad
' condition and will require extensive repairs,
but they expect to reach th« ore before mak
ing the necessary repairs that fnay be re-
quired be-fore extracting ore or moving waste
from this point. A party of three miners is
extracting a little ore from a point 145 feet
west of the Mexican shaft on the north aide of
the drift and fifty-five feet east of the winze
station.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, the northwest
drift from the station at the 140-foot level of
the shaft was advanced twenty feet, making 1
a total of 473 feet: face in porphyry and clay
with eeams of soft quartz through it. Most
of the week has been occupied in easing tlm
l>ers and repairing the drift. 900-foot level—
The station at the top of the raise, eighty feet
above this level, has been completed. The
north drift started from the top of the raise,
eighty feet above this level, was advanced ten
feet: total length twenty-two feet; face in por
phyry.
In the chollar and Potosl mines, they are
making some necessary repairs to the shaft
station on the tunnel level, which will take
severat days to complete.
In the Occidental Consolidated mine, accord
ing to the official report of Superintendent A.
T. Eager, the work of prospecting the ore body
on the 4M)-foot level was continued during the
past week. The north drift was extended eight
feet with quartz of the same value and char
acter as at the south end of the chute. 550
foot level— work has been commenced drifting
on the footwall north to encounter the ore body
found on the 450.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Dec. 12.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U. S. Bonds— Pan L Co 47% 50
4f quar coup.. — — X F G & E.. S4H —
4s quar reg... — — fcan Fran — 3>4
<s quar new... — — Stockton Gas.. — 11
8s quar c0up.,105%106 Insurance —
Miscellaneous— Firem's Fund. 2lo —
Cal-st Cab 05..115 117 Water Sfoeks—
Cal El 6s 125 — Contra Costa.. 50 54
C C Wat 55. ..101%— Marln Co 50 —
Dup-st ex c... - 68V4 Spring Valley. loH4lol%
E L& P 65... 130 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65. 114 — Anjclo-Cal .... 63% 65
Oeary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1.. 255 256%
HC & S 5%5.. — — Cal SD & T.. 98 100 I
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Natlonl.2lo 215
Do gntd 65..102Vj102% L on P & A.... 133 —
Markft-st 65.. 129 — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 05.H6V2116 xcv Nat 8....175 177
NCN G R 75.108 — Savlnss Banks—
N Ry Cal 65.. 113% — Ger S & L..1625 —
N Ry Cal 55.. 105% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 6s. 103 — Mutual Say. 35 —
NPC R R 55.101i4 — s F Say U. 600 608
N Cal R R 6a. 101 105 s& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Security S B 300 350
Ora Ry 6s 127 — Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
P & Cl Ry 63.107 — Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 112 — California ....109% —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Geary 46 —
Sac El Ry fis.loo — iMarket-st ....57% 58
6 F & N P 55.1K>%111 I Oak SL& H. — —
- SlerraßCal 65.104M>10."% Presidio 9% —
S P of Ar 65.. 11 l 112 Powder—
S P CteO9o*-6)UIKU2tt California ....135 —
S PC 6s (1912)1161*1174 |E Dynamite... S5 95
SPCIs eg ss. 103 — Giant Con Co. 57^4 58
SPBr 6s 118% — Vifforit 3% 3%
! S V Water 65. 119 — Miscellaneous —
S VW4F<3dm).lo2% — Al Pac As=sn..lO4 —
B VW4s(3dm).loo%lol%]Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas e5..100 — Hana PI Co.. 17«4 HVfe
Gas & Electric— |H C & S Co.. 60%6H4
Capital Gaa... — — Hutch S P Co. 63% 64
Cent GasliKht.los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P.. 12% 13H Oceanic S Co.. 55% 60
Mutual El Co ll'i 11 V4 Pac A F A... 1% 2
Oakland Gas.. — 52' i Pac C Bor Co. loo —
! Pac Gas 1mp.85% S6 Par Paint Co. 1% —
Morning Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association 104 00
10 do do cash 104 00
10 Central Light & Power 13 00
! 30 do do 13 50
20 Market-street Railway 57 75
30 Giant Powder Con 57 50
25 Giant Powder Con 57 25
40 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 49 25
10 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 49 00
2". Hutehtnson S P Co 64 00
35 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
! Jinon Spring Val Bonds 6s 119 25
565 Vlcorit Powder Co 3 50
Street—
130 Spring: Valley Water 10150
$300 U S Bonds 3s 105 75
Afternoon Session.
(id Hutchinson B P Co C4 00
f.O Hutchlnson B P Co 63 75
21ft Hawaiian Com & Su^ar Co 61 00
10 Hawaiian Com & Supar Co b 6 51 00
2'> Hawaiian Cnm & Sugar Co 51 25
10 Market-strept Railway Co 5775
r. Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
35 S F Gas & Electric Co ; 8u 00
35 S F.Oas & Electric Co S4 75
5 Spring Valloy Water 101 75
100 Vlgorit Powder Co 3 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
10 Equitable Gaslight 6 12^
10 Oceanic Steamship Co cs 50
Aiternoon Session.
60 Equitable Gaslight....: 6 12*4
20 Oceanic ' Steamship Co 59 00
30 Market-street Railway .-.,57 75
40 Spring "Valley Water .........101
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
! 500 Best & Belcher. 40^100 Occidental 62
i 300 Con Cal & Va. .1 25100 Ophir 61
i 200 Gould *- Curry. 23 200 Overman 09
| 650 Hale * Norcrss. 16 200 Potosi 23
i 300 Mexican 32 100 Sierra Nevada. .los
50 Mexican 33 100 Sierra Nevada. .l 00
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 07 200 Justice 17
400 Andes 06 600 Mexican 30
400 Belcher IV 6iX> Ophir 67
800 Best & Belcher. 37 1 50 Ophlr 68
400 Best <?; Belcher. 361300 Potosi 22
100 Bullion 04' 100 Potosi 23
I 100 Caledonia 21 100 Savage 14
100 Challenge 16 200 Sierra Nevada. 91
300 Chollar 22 1100 Sierra Nevada. 90
I 760 Con Cal & Va. .1 20 ,"00 Union Con IS
j 1200 Crown Point .. 15 100 Union Con 17
i 100 Gould & Curry.. 26 500 Utah 11
j 900 Hale & Norcrss. 12
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
I 300 Best & Belcher. 40 1 300 Mexican 31
i 2W> Best & Belcher. 30 1 EfiO Mexican 30
1 r.OO Bullion . 05.400 Ophlr 61
500 Bullion 04|900Potos! 24
F.on ( :aledonia 20 500 Potosi 23
SOO Con Cal & V.I 27H 200 Savage 17
200 Con Cal & Va.l 25 150 Savage 16
; r.OO Con Imp 01 200 Sierra Nevada.l 05
F.OO Con Imp 02 150 Sierra Nevad..! 02V4
j 20ft Hale & Norcrss. 17 200 Sierra Nevada.. l 00
600 Hale & Norcrss. IS 100 ft Union Con 20
i 600 Hale & Norcrss. 16 500 Utah 11
1 200 Justice 17 200 Yellow Jacket... 17
; 1000 Mexican 32
Afternoon Pension.
200 Best & Belcher. 88 1 S00 Mexican SO
200 Caledonia 21 1 600 Mexican 29
300 Chollar 22; 250 Occidental 95
400 Con Cal . & V.I 22% 600 opnir 56
250 Con Cal & Va..l 20 500 Potosi ............ 23
100 Confidence ...... 62 200 Sierra Nevada.. 'Ji
200 Gould & Curry- 27 i 200 Sierra Nevada.. 96
600 Gould & Curry. 26 200 Sierra Nevada.. 35 j
3200 Hale & Norcrs. 14, 400 Sierra Nevada.. 91 I
I*oo Justice ......... 16 200 Utah ". If
300 Justice ......... 17 200 Utah . "
500 Mexican ..". 31 ' .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, ' Deo. 12—4 p. m. i
Bid Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Julia — 02
Alta — 14 Justice 17 18
Andes'.".. :... 07 09 Lady Wash ... — 05
Belcher 13 19 Kentuck ....... 05 06
Benton 04 10 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belchr. 36 37 Occidental 93 —
Bullion 03 05 Ophtr 66 57
Caledonia 20 22 Overman .. . 08 09
Chollar 22 23 Potosi 22 23
Challenge 15 — Savage IS 14
Confidence ..... — 65 Scorpion 03 05
Con Cal & Va.l 15 120 Seg Belcher.... — 04
Con Imp 01 02 Sierra Nev .... 89 91
Crown Point ..14 15 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con N V — 05 Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con 80 — Standard 1751 SO
Exchequer .... — 02 Union Con .... 17 IS
Gould & Curry. 26 27 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcrs. IS — Yellow Jacket.. 15 16
■♦ » ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. !
Elizabeth Walcom to Ida F. Walcom. lot on
N line of Bush street, 181:3 W of Flllmore, W
25 by N 127:6; gift.
Edward J. Vogel to Agathe L. Villegia, lot
on S line of California street, 131 .3 Wof Baker,
W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Elida F. de Lone and John P. Clabrough (by
R. I. Whelan, Sheriff) to George Clabrough |
and M. Hoytema (executors estate John P.
Clabrough.), lot on NW corner of Frederick
street and De Long avenue, N 100 by W 186:3;
$252.
John J. Henry to Katie Henry, undivided
seven twenty-fourths of lot on E line of Hamp
shire street, 175 N of Twenty-fourth, N 25 by
E 100: $325.
Thomas Morton to Margaret Morton (wife),
lot on NW corner of Twenty-fourth and York
streets, W 50 by N 104; also lot on NE corner
of Marlposa and Vermont streets, N 100 by E
100; also lot on E line of Polk street, 87:6 S
of Vallejo, S 60, E 128, NE 51:2, W 138:10%;
gift.
Frank L. Smith (wife of Charles R.) to Ar
thur W. Evans, lot on S line of Nineteenth
street, 125 W of Noe. W 25 by S 86; gift.
Annie L. Price (wife of John T.), to same,
same; gift.
Isaac Levy to Mollle Levy, lot on W line of
Fourth avenue, 425 N of Point Lobos avenue, N
25 by W 120; also lot on S line of California
street, 57:6 W of Twelfth avenue, W 25 by S
100: gift.
Wm. W. Hench and Martha A. Palmer to
Matilda and Robert W.Mertlno.lot on W line of
Forty-second avenue, 100. S of W street, SSO by
W 120: lot on W line of Forty-third avenue,
125 S of W street, S 100, W 240, N 43:10, E 120.
N 50, E 120; lot on SW line of W street and
Forty-fourth avenue, S 211, more or less, NW
120. more or less, N 110, E 62:6, N 100, E 57:6;
$10.
John and F. W. Bergin, Fannie D. and L. P.
Green, R. W. and Matilda Merino, M. J. and
Lucy M. Rlelly, Jacob and Una Heyman to
Emanuel Lewis, lot on SW line of Forty-fourth
avenue and W street, W 57:6, S 100, W 62:6, 3
108:2%, SEISO:2%, N 214::11; lot on W line of
Forty- third avenue, 125 S of W st.. S 107:4, NW
240:5, 77 43:10, E 120. N 50. E 120; lot on W line
of Forty-second avenue, 100 S of W st.. S 50 by
W 120; $10.
Alameda County.
Melissa S. Carle to Robert and Clara A.
Llddle, lot on W line of Center street, 54 N
of Thirteenth. N 25 by W 100. being- lot 6.
block 580 A, Map of Peralta and Center Street
Lands, Oakland: $10.
Robert L. McKee to James C. McKee, lot on
SE corner of Twelfth and Union streets, S 184:6
by E 133:3, block- 662. Oakland; $10.
Harriet E. Topping to Amelia M. Burnell, lot
on SE line of Tenth avenue, 75 SW of East
Sixteenth street, SW 75 by SE 100, block 68,
Clinton, East Oakland; gift.
M. Gertrude Brown to Edgar B. Clark, lot
on NE corner of Mariposa and McCall streets,
E 50 by N 116.50, being lot 26, on Map of Re
vision of Brumaglm Tract, Oakland An
nex; grant.
■ Ernest A., Margaret and William F. Wol
lltz to Nicola Grondona, lot on W line of Cal
houn avenue, 205.84 S from S line of County
Road, Oakland to San Leandro, S 50 by W 105,
being lot «, block F, Hunting-ton Tract, Brook
lyn Township; .
Theodor and Christine Wolllta to same, lot
on NW line of Calhoun avenue, 123 SW from
SW line of County Road, Oakland to San
Leandro, SW 84. NW 105, NE 54.30, SE 109.22,
to beginning of lot 5, block F, same, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Doris Heuer to Emma, L. S. and Agnes Man
gels, Emma M. and F. Tillman Jr. (trustees),
Alice, E. C. and Oscar Hueter (administrators),
and E. L. Hueter (guardian), same, undivided
one-half Interest In lot on S line of Louisa I
street. 125 W of St. Charles, W 127 by S 51.83,
Alameda: $10.
Same to Sophia Brommer, undvilded one-half
interest in same, Alameda: $10.
Sidney A. Turner to John W. Rankin, lot on
N line of Thirtieth street, 115 E of Market
E 50 by N 140, being lot 26, block 2033, Rowland
Tract, Oakland; $10.
James C. McKee to William P. Todd, lot on
S line of Twelfth street, 92:3 E of Union, E 40
by S 104, Oakland; $5.
• Denis Halpin to Jane Halpln, lot on N line
of Thirty-ninth street. 293 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 42:6 by N 100. block 2080, Evoy Prop
erty, Oakland Annex; gift.
■ ♦ .
An English topograhpical novelty is
a map stamped in tinned steel plate.
The first experiment is a raised map of
London and vicinity, representing
about 320 square miles, on a horizontal
scale of an inch to a mile and a verti
| cal scale of an. inch to 1000 feet, such
; a map being sold for 15 shillings. The
I surface, showing all natural undula
tions, is enameled in colors.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Maters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13.
Sun rises 7:17
Sun sets .'. 4:5J
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
1
2
I
4.!
4.
4.!
4:
4
7:
8:
11:
11:
12:
1
6:31
6:20
7:08
7:57
8:46
3.1
5.<
8.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the puccesslve tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
•nd the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
whfn a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the m?an of the lower low waters.
SIHAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Coos Bay [Newport I
Utnatilla. .'.....'. I Victoria & Puget Sound
Signal I Astoria I
Pomona Humboldt ../......
Empire... Coos Bay I
Fulton Portland,
Leelanaw Seattle
Del Norte Crescent City
Ala meda j Australia
Wellington Departure Bay ...:..
Washtenaw Tacoma '...
Corona I San Diego
South Portland.. Coos' Bay .." .": ]
State California Portland j
Chan. Nelson... 1 Pupret Sound
Gaelic China and Japan .......
Weeott Yaquina Bay I
Mackinaw Tacoma
Chilkat Humboldt
Orizaba Newport ..:..:....'.:
Queen I Victoria & Puget Sound
San Juan Panama
Arcata ....... Coos Bay.
Santa Rosa..;.. San Dlegro
North F0rk...... Humboldt -'.......'...... . . .
Dec. 13
Dec. 13
Dec. 13
Dec. 13
Dec. 13
I Dec. 13
Dec. IS
Dec. 14
Dec. II
Dec. 14
Dec. 14
Dec. 15
Dec. 15
Dec. 18
Dec. 1«
Dec. 16
Dec. 18
Dec. 16
I Dec. IS
Dec. IT
I Dee. 18
i Dec. 19
Dec. 19
Dec. 19
Dec. 20
STEAMERS TO SAIL..
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
Santa Rosa San Diego..... Dec. 13, 11 am Pier 11
Australia .. Honolulu Dee. 14, 2 pm Pier- 7
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 14, 10 am Pier 24
Arcata '•■ :.'..'. Coos Bay .:.. Dec. 14, 10 am Pier 13
Coos P.ay. 1 .. I Newport....... Dec. 9am Pier 11
City Peking l China & Japan Dec. 15, 1 pm PMSS
Pomona .... Humboldt .... Dec. 15, 2 pm Pier 9
Hi: pen . <hina& Japan Dec. 15. 1 pm'PMSS
Corona . San Dieg0...... Dec. 17, 11 am Pier 11
TTmntllla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Dec. 17. 10 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexic0.......:. Dec. 17, 10 am Pier 11
Chllknt ....IHumboldt ....(Dec. 17. 2 pm Pier 13
Signal ..... Grays Harbor Dec. IS, ...... ........
"Weeott .... Yaqulna Bay. Dec. 18, 2 pm Pier 13
State of Cal' Portland Dec. 19. 10 am Pier 24
San Jose... [Panama Dec. 19, 12 mIPMSS
Orizaba ..■■'Newport .'...:. Pec. 19, 9 am I Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoiited
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on thne or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrosraphic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 12. IS'AV
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly nnon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at t
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean tinr*.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N, '.n -hur^e.
SHIPPI.NG IIVTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
. . Monday, December 12.
U: S itmr Richard Rush, Roberts, from a
cruise.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 53 hours from Coo»
Bay.
Stmr Leelaraw, Storrs. 84 hours frm Seattle.
Sttnr Laguna, Erickson, 38 hours from San
Pedro.
Schr Western Home, Nilsson. 5 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Echr Rio Rey, Skipper, 90 hours from Caspar.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Arff, 7 days from
Coquille River.
Schr La Chllena, Matson, 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
CLEARED.
Monday, December 12.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Port Townsend
and Victoria; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Minecla, David, Tacoma; P I Co.
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, Hllo; Welch &
Co.
SAILED.
Monday, December 12.
U S stmr Richard Rush. Roberts. Drakes Bay.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen.
Bark Holllswoo.l, Knight. Callao.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Dec. 12, 10 p. Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The ship-Columbia loads coal at Tacoma for
this port: W H Wilson, wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, 375.
SPOKEN.
Oct 13—2 N 20 W. Br ship Port Caledonia, fm
Cardiff for Santa Rosalia.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The schr Webfoot, previously reported having
drifted on Anita Rock shoals, floated at high
tide and got off unassisted.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 12— Schr Ottilie
Fjord, from San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 12— Stmrs Hueneme and Pomona,
for San Francisco.
. POINT ARENA— Arrived Dec Stmr Alca
zar, hence Dec 11.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka; schr Azalea, from Grays
Harbor. 12— Schr J M Colman, frm Olympia.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 12— Bktn Chehalis.
hence Dec 3. ■- : '^- r ' -"■ \?<
SAN PEDRO— Dec Schr Compeer,
from Tacoma.
VENTURA— SaiIed Deo 12— Stmr Geo Loomls.
for San Francisco.
FORT Arrived Deo 12— Schr La Chlle
na, hence Dec 10.
SEATTLE— Arrived Deo 11— Stmr Farallon.
from Dyea.
Sailed Dec 9 — Schr Wawona, for Newport.
BOWENB LANDlNG— Arrived Deo 11— Schr
Monterey, hence Dec 10.
EUREKA— Dec 11— Stmr Pomona, ho
Dec 10; f-tmr Scotia, from , and not as be
fore reported.
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed Deo Stmr Cle
one, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr South Port-
land, hence Dec 10.
Sailed Dec 12— Schrs Viking and Melancthon.
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Dec 12— Stmrs Sunol and
Pomona, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 12— Schr Bertha Dolbeer. from
San Diego; sehr Mary Buhne, hence Dec 10.
YAQUIXA BAY— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Wee
ott, hence Dec 8.
Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Weeott, for San Fran-
PORT TOWN SEND— Arrived Deo 12— Bchr
Emma and Louise, from Honolulu.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr G Lnomls.
hence Dec 11; schr Marlon, from Port Blake
ley.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Dec 12— Schr La Chile
na. for Son Francisco.
BOWEN'S LANDING— SaiIed Deo 12— Schr
Bender Brothers, for Ran Francisco.
REDONDO— SaiIed Dec 12— Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Cleared Dec 12— Ship St David,
for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Sailed Deo 11— Ship Roanoke.
for Baltimore.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 17— Br ship Lyn
ton, for Port Townsend.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov SO— Bark Fresno.
from Port Gamble. Dec I— Nor hark Fantasl,
from Newcastle, NSW. 2— Bktn Katie Flick
lnger. from Newcastle. NSW. 3— Stmr City of
Peking, from Yokohama. 4 — Bark Wilna. from
Nanalmo.
Sailed Nov 2?— Schr C S Holmes, for P.irt
Townsend. 30— Ptmr St Paul, for Manila. Dec
I— Bark C D Bryant, for San Francisco; schr
Endeavor, for Port Townsend: Br ship West
pate, for Port Angeles. 3— Ger ship H F
Glade, for Astoria; bktn Echo, for San Fran-
FLUSHING— Arrived Dec s— Br bark Wyn
ford, from Hamhurg for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 9— Br ship Laurls
ton, from Oregon.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Palled Nor 17— Br ship
Leicester Castle, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Dec 10— Stmr China, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
STETTIN— SaiIed Dec 12— Stmr Hecla, for
New York.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Deo 12— Stmr Fuerst
Blsm.irrk, for New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Il^ Steamers leave Broadway
Ini)^. wharf, San Francisco:
1 KPS^sfck For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
HPk^i^tk Dec. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
1 K HIWI change at Seattle.
I ffilXljll For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
IHBmI^W C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
Ir^^^EßfiaH Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
slO a. m., Dec. 2, 7. 12. 17, 21,
27 Jan 1, and every fifth day thereafter,
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ky.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.. at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), . 2 p. m.. Deo.
C 10, 16, 20, 26, 80. Jan. 4. and every fifth day
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) ami
Newport. 9 a. m.. Dec. 3. 7, 11, 15. 19, 23. 27, O.
Jan 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles. 11 a.
m.. Dec. 1. 3, 9. 13. 17. 21. 25, 29. Jan. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose an
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayma* (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Dec 15. Jan.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
aP" Vx-.iim of saillnc.
ffICKKT OmOI-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rirr SI 2 First Class Including Berths
IAHL 58 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails ~ Dec. 14, 24
STATE OF CAL 5ai15. ............. De0. 9, 19, M
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ,
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
■ Superintendents.
Gampagnie Generate Transatlantics.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS __
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday rf?f>Ttv
at' 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North rYnriiiri
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE ....Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE.. .....Dec 31
LA GASCOGNE.: -.Jan 7
LA CHAMPAGNE............... ....Jan. M
First-class to Havre, $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduction round trlD
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
jflHhjJilirilillllir B *\ *8 - for Honolulu
11 " for Honolulu
K rjj,*™"""^ Wednesday. December
■I'OTJ.MaI . ■ ->^ ■>. • 14. at 2 d. m.
(a^C-Lj'A Th S. S. ALAMEDA
SiMlSniD^ Eails , vla Honolulu anJ
36i3^^/2rrir«Kii Auckland for Sydney
(Pmß^fCH* w ' dnesda y- December
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent*.
114 Montgomery st. .
Freight office — Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat ••••'•' v
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.V
Friday5.... ..:....::...../:.lp. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ..............10:30 a. m. and S p. m.
f Landing ■ and offices— Mission - Dock, Pl«r a.
■ Telephone Main 1508.SAYS HIS CHILD
BETRAYED HIS
CONFIOENCE
The Many Woes of
George McHenry.
SUES FOR HIS PROPERTY
MAKES COMPLAINT THAT HE
WAS SWINDLED.
When Informed That a Blackmail
Suit Was to Be Filed Against
Him He Deeded Away
Valuaule Real Estate.
If all the allegations contained In an
amended complaint filed yesterday are
true the woes of aged George McHenry
are many, and his daughter's misdeeds
have filled his cup of sorrow to the brim.
Not long ago McHenry filed a complaint
In which his daughter, Mary McHenry,
appeared as defendant, to recover prop
erty situated in this city and Monterey
County, valued at upward of $30,000. In
the original complaint McHenry made no
sensational allegations, simply stating
that he had transferred title to his daugh
ter without consideration and for cer
tain reasons, Just intimating that It was
done to prevent a recovery by Mary
Burns, a stepdaughter, who was about to
commence suit against him, but on what
grounds he did not state. As he had re
ceived no consideration for the property
he asked that it again be placed in his
hands and that the deeda held by his
daughter be declared null and void.
In the amended complaint filed yes
terday McHenry avers that he was lied
to, deceived and swindled by his daugh
ter, who influenced him to transfer the
property by stating that suit about to be
brought against him by Mary Burns
was without merit and was simply a
blackmailing scheme to deprive him of
his property.
The story told by McHenry in the
amended complaint is a sad one.
On September 4, 1897, states the plain
tiff, he was a man past the prime of lffe,
much enfeebled in mind and body. In this
condition he sought the comfort, aid and
companionship and advice of his daugh
ter. She came to live with him from a
convent, representing that she was in
miserable health and that she had been
granted a leave of absence for one year
in which t" recuperate. By reason of
their mutual condition there arose in the
mind of the aged father great feelings of
trust and love for his daughter, and to
her McHenry confided his business mat
ters and sought, received and acted upon
her advice. They were happy together
for a time, but on the day mentioned, the
plaintiff alleges, his daughter, with the
intent to mislead and deceive him, and
well knowing that her statements were
false and untrue, representted that Mary
Burns intended to sue him for slander;
that the action would be simply black
mail, but that against false testimony he
would be powerless. A judgment would
l)<» obtained against him, and it was his
duty to save what he had. Acting on
advice he transferred the property
to his daughter. She would hold it in
trust, she said, until the day he again
ted it back. Thp day came when he
again sought the title to his property,
but his daughter refused to reconvey It.
Th^n he sought the courts.
The agreement by which the -Tinerty
waa transferred shows that in considera-
I" the transfer and placing of title
!n her name Miss McHenry was to pay
her father out of the rents and profits
the sum of $50 a month. This considera
tion, the aged plaintiff avers, was not
th<» true or real agreement, but in truth
and fact the deeds were wholly without
consideration, and the real agreement
was that the defendant should be vested
with the legal title of the property until
such time as he might again demand it.
McHenry states that he is now depend
ent upon the charity of friends, having
do means, and being so feeble ...at he
cannot earn a livelihood. In conclu
sion he prays that the property be, by
<jn!er of court, reconveyed to him, and
that his daughter be compelled to ac
count for the moneys received by her, the
income from the property.
A SAILOR KILLED BY A FALL.
One of the Spars of the Narwhal Gives
Way With Serious Results.
While overhauling the rigging of the
lark Narwhal at the Arctic Oil AVorks.
fff Kentucky street, yesterday morning,
one of the spars upon which two sailors
named Henry Olsen and John Kimmls
w»re ai work broke, throwing the men to
the deck, a distance of sixty feet. When
picked up both were unconscious and se
verely injured. They were conveyed to the
City ar.d County Hospital, where Kim
mis di<Ml from the effects of his injuries
nt half past 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
Olsen's injuries were not so severe, and
although badly injured he will recover.
Both his legs were broken by the fall.
The bark arrived here from the Arctic
Ocean a few weeks ago. She had been
absent two years, and as a consequence
her rigging was subjected to much wear
and tear, and the masts and spars, on ar
rival here, needed replacing. It was the
Intention to thoroughly overhaul them.
Instructions were given the hospital au
thorities to do everything in their power
for the comfort of the injured man.
Says He Swindled Her.
E. M. Barker was arrested last night
(■'Ti a warrant fr - olice Court 1 charg
ing him with obtaining money by false
pretenses. The complaining witness is
Martha Romer. She claimed that Barker
induced her to buy out his interest in a
I akery at 191(5 T'nion street for $200. He
represented that the business as on a
paying basis, but as Mrs. Romer learned
otherwise after parting with her money
Fhe concluded she had been swindled and
swore out a warrant for Barker's arrest.
GRAPE-NUTS.
± Little *
* #- // *
* Folks *
tij Like the new «iu
fjfr Food fjjf
$ Grape-Nuts..*
INSTINCT.
Taste Is Frequently a Valuable Guide
In Selecting Food. • • [.'-~. '-~
A little child's taste is often a relia-
ble guide to palatable and desirable
food, and it is worth one's while to ob-
serve how the little folks take to Grape-
Nuts, the famous new foot] made by
the Postum Co., at Battle Creek, Mich.
Children eat Grape-Nuts freely with-
out addition of sugar, for the food has
the peculiar, mild but satisfying sweet
of grape sugar and the natural taste
either of child or adult recognizes at
once a food that will agree with and
richly nourish the system.
A hot dish can instantly be served by
pouring "hot milk or cream on Grape
Nuts.
CLINTON WOULD
MAKE THE S. P.
FOOT THE BILL
Railroad Must Build
Its Own Tunnel.
BUT SUPERVISORS OBJECT
DODGE KILLS PHELAN'S VETO
AND GETS HIS FENCE.
Rottanzi Wanted the Board to Pay
His Attorney's Bill — Mayor's
Veto on the Gas Bill
Overruled.
A strong effort was made yesterday to I
have the Board of Supervisors give
I further consideration to the resolution pro
| viding that $24,450 shall be spent in the
] building of a concrete tunnel under the
i Southern Pacific Company's embankment,
on Bosworth street. It was rendered
abortive by the opposition of Supervisor
Britt, but as It still has to go through
the hands of the Mayor the opponents of
■ the measure have some hope of its being
• brought again regularly before the board
I through the veto that it is said that Mr.
j Phelan intends to adorn it with. The fact
j has developed since the matter has been
[ given publicity that the proposed tunnel
is nothing more nor less than a proposi
i tion to save the money to the Southern i
Pacific that it would otherwise itself have I
to spend in order to gel its electric road
an entrance at the Zoo Park.
When it was again called to the atten
tion of the board yesterday Supervisor
Clinton, as the representative of that dis
trict, spoke in strongest terms against the
city spending the $24,000 that is proposed.
Said he. "1 have never asked that the tun
nel be built in that district, and if the city
is obliged to pay tor it i never shall, lor |
It is solely to benefit the Southern Pacific j
Company and the company should pay for
i it. There is no mure reason why we
! should let go of this money for this tunnel
than there was for us building the trestle
i bridges that the company built for its
; railroad In that section Home years ago.
' They wanted the city to build the bridges
: at that time because they crossed above
; the streets, but the Supervisors took
i proper action and the road was obliged to
provide its own improvements. The first ;
i step toward making them do the same in !
I this case is really already taken. The i
I embankment througrh which it is proposed
to tunnel was declared a public nuisance ;
by the Board of Health years ago. and i
- could be condemned now. 1 move for a i
Britt got up to say that it was too late
to ask lor a reconsideration, and he also
argued that the improvement recom
mended would be a benefit to .the prop
erty-owners In the Berkshire and Bos
worth street districts. Other opposition
met Dr. Clinton's motion, and he finally
withdrew it, saying that the Mayor had
yet to consider it and his veto would
bring it again regularly before the board.
Assessor Dodge's . can.paign portraits
also came in for their mead of attention
arid by almost a unanimous vote of the
board, Rottanzi voting no, the Assessor
elect was permitted to overrule the
or's veto on that Valencia street fence
lesolution and by doing so project glad
n.-ss into the heart of the ad-fence graft
er Mr Dodge gracefully apolugized to
Mr. Phelan for giving him the ax, but
at the same time explained that it was
necessary in order that Justice might be
done. Justice was forthwith done and
its beneficiaries will proceed to adorn
the corner of Valencia, Herrman and
Market streets with another 15-foot fence
of vari-colored ads.
Two claims for legal services rendered
Supervisors Kottanzi a<ad L*ckmann per
sonally took the attention of the board
for a few moments and certain circum
stances were explained away by the cap
tain only after something considerable in
the way of a blush and a more or less
embarrassed statement. The accounts
were those of P. C. Costello and McOow
an and Squires and were for services ren
dered the two Supervisors during the re
cent unpleasantness when Mayor Phelan
tried to unseat the whole board. Clerk
Russell was reading the report of the
Finance Committee and among other
i lalms audited read off those of l^ack
mann and Rottanzi. Objections were
raised from every chair in the room and
Sheehan demanded to know how they
came on the report. The Finance Com
mittse denir-d that it had audited them
and the Mayor lent his dpmand for an
explanation to the rest. Mr. Russell said
he had written them in upon instructions
from Supervisor Rottanzi, and when
questioned that gentleman admitted that
he had done his own auditing. Th«
claims were promptly killed and the re
port referred back to the committee.
The contract to furnish the Hall of Jus
tice, which was awnnU-i] by the Building
Committee to the Fuller Dosk Company
for $77,990, was ratified by the hoard.
The bill for November gas. which was
vetoed by Mayor Phelan. wns passed over
his head. Dodge, Clinton and Lackmann
voting no. Ills veto of different proposed
street contracts was upon motion of Dev
any. referred to the Street Committee,
as there were some mistakes that had to
be rectified before positive action could
be taken.
Permission was granted to the Hahne
mann Hospital College to build a two
story frame building at the corner of Sac
ramento and Maple streets. The build
ing is to be used as a medical college,
and the directors agree to submit the
proposed plans to the Fire Department
for its approval.
A special committee of six will be ap
pointed by the Mayor to act In conjunc
tion with the Board of Health to exam
ine the plans and specifications submitted
to the hoard for the erection of a new
hospital, In order that tho board may be
enabled to pay the sums of SITiOO. $1000. $750
and $600 due the architects who competed.
The plans will become the property of tne
city.
A resolution was passed granting per
mission to the Police Commissioners to
appoint twenty-five additional policemen.
The recent segregation of the funds pro
vided $10,000 for this purpose.
Four bids were opened for the flre-house
In the Sunset district, the lowest of the
lot being that of C. F. Sheibley, who was
willing to perform the work for $5750.
Lownpy Bros, bid $21S0 for six hose wag
ons, and W. T. Garratt Bid to furnish
two monitor batteries for $1790. Charles
Halloway put in the lowest proposal for
furnishing a compound chemical engine
and hose wagon. The figure was ;*909 55.
The petition of the Sunnyside District
Improvement Club for fire protection
was referred to the Fire Wardens.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Pwlmmlns. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
GERMANIA CLUB'S JUBILEE.
The Germania Club celebrated the
twenty-fifth anniversary of Its existence
last night at Verein Eintracht Hall by a
grand entertainment, banquet and ball,
■which lasted until nearly morning. The
programme consisted of an address by
President H. D. Harder and a musical
travesty entitled "The Jolly Brothers,"
in which the singing section of the club
took cart under the direction of Profes
sor Joseph Greven with original music by
DuVing the evening Claus Braach, the
only charter member left of the original
five who organized the club, was pre
sented with a gold locket.
, A t the banquet covers were laid for 300,
the toastmaster being Louis Haager.
-Tm<sts and those who responded wero a3
,'„,,':,. "Our Mother Country," Dr. Max
M-iLnus- "The Ladies." Charles Tolow
skv "Charter Members" Peter Koppen;
••Our City " Edward Aigeltinger; "Our
State" A. Teichert; "The Clvb 1 *
Orowth" C. J. Hauerken; "United
States" D. Tiedeman.
Dancing followed under the manage
ment of George W. Meyer, vice president
of the Germania Club.
Trunks and valises, a great lot of good
things at moderate prices. See our bu
reau trunks. Something new and marvels
of convenience. Banborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
SCHOOL DIRECTORS ISSUE
A FINANCIAL STATEMENT
As Prepared by Samuel L. Waller It Indicates the Deficit Will
Be Over One Hundred Thousand Dollars Less Than
Grand Jury Expert Estimates.
The members of the Board of Education have had prepared a statement of
the financial Etanfiing of the School Department In order to controvert the claims
of persons who charge them with extravagance. Mr. Kilpatrick, the Grand Jury'B
expert, estimates the deficit at the end of the forthcoming fiscal year to be
between $275,000 and $283,000. Director Head believes it will be between $250,000 and
$300,000.
The report prepared by Director Samuel Waller from the Auditor's figures,
with estimated expenses for November and December, shows the outside deficit
to be $160,000 and probably less, owing to extra receipts from State school fund.
The deficit" of the preceding board *?&b $167,000. Mr. Waller's report also shows
the actual deficit created by the board during the past six months to be $42,
674 78, if the deficit of $117,489 34 belonging to last year had not been audited. The
report, as prepared by Director Samuel L. Waller, follows:
Appropriation for fiscal year from July 1, 1898, to July 1, 1899 $1,232,140 00
Less appropriation for Mission High School 15,000 00
Available for all school purposes $1,217,140 00
•Teachers' and other employes' deficit June, 1898 (due them) 100,000 00
Available under provisions of one-twelfth act $1,117,140 00
tsl, 117,140, divided by twelve, gives amount allowed by law to be spent per month.. 93,095 00
•June $92.257 00
July 110.862 78
August 139.090 95
September 95,449 35
October 88,715 69
CRBU1TH.
•Allowance $100,000 00
tJuly 93,095 00
tAugust 93,095 00
tSeptember 93,095 00
tOctober 93.095 00
tNovember 93,01(5 00
tDecember 93,095 00
Amount audited and paid, which in-
cludes four months' salary de-
mands $53«,376 13
Amount available for this half year. ..$658,570 00
Less expenditures 636,376 13
Available funds to January 1, 1898.. $122.193 87
ESTIMATED.
We still have to pay:
November salaries $96.000 00
December salaries 96,000 00
Demands passed by board, but not
audited 78,953 87
Demands sworn in, but not passed by
board 11,413 12
$2S2.366 99
Less funds on hand 122,193 87
■ /
I
COMPARATIVE
Total deficit if all bills and salaries
are paid up to January 1. lSf'9 $160,173 12
.
STATEMENT.
Deficit audited this year belonging: to
last year $117,498 34
Deficit January 1. 1898 160,173 12
Subtracting upper from lower leaves.. $42,674 78
i'..: ng actual deficit created by this board
from the 1st day of July past up to January 1
1899. if the deficit of the last fiscal year had
not been paid.
STATEMENT OF CONDITION OF MISS
DN HIGH SCHOOL FUND (SPECIAL).
Appropriation July. 1S96 $2rt0.C00 00
Appropriation July. 1898 15.000 00
Total available funds $215,000 00
Purchase of lot $52,500 00
Salary, MoLaughlin 1.244 00
Advertisements, etc 1,355 50
Paid Havens, architect 5,85138
Paid Peck & Williamson, heating and
ventilating 6,727 00
Paid Sweeney, plumbing and gaeflt-
ting 3,11150
Rae Building Company, contractors... 91,431 02
Superintendent building 3,826 65
-.--. i
s
165,048 05
Available funds December 10 $49,95195
25 per cent balance due contractors
thirty-five days after acceptance of
building 86.S15 02
Surplus left In Mission High School
fund on total completion of building
and payment of all bills now out-
standing $14,136 93
Total audited demands Decem-
ber 10 $165,048 05
Amount held ont from contractors, being 25
per cpnt of their total contracts, payable thirty-
five days after thp acceptance of contracts and
building, as follows:
Bwseney, plumber $1,037 50
Kay. contractor 30,477 00
Havens, architect 907 52
Peck, heating 3,803 00
$35,815 02
BAM L. WALLER.
ian of Classification and Salary Committee.
Submitted.
FOUGHT UNDER
ADMIRAL DEWEY
IN MANILA BAY
Captain Frank Wildes
Arrived Yesterday.
HE COMMANDED THE BOSTON
PRAISES THE BRAVERY OF THE
AMERICAN SAILORS .
Declares '.that Our Men Can Live in
the Philippines if They Only
Take Care of Them
selves.
Another real hero has returned to hi 3
native soil. This time it is Captain Frank
Wildes of the Boston, who commanded
the T". S. S. Boston at the battle of Ma
nila. He arrived on the City of Peking,
having left Manila on October 4. He will
leave this week for his home in the
"Hub" city, having been ordered back to
the United States for three years' land
service, his cruise of a similar length of
time being completed. Captain Wildes is
short of stature but compactly built. His
complexion Is swarthy, and shows that he
CAPTAIN FRANK WILDES.
has long been exposed to the rays of a
tropical sun. His hair is iron gray and
he wears a mustache of the same color.
Captain Wildes is very modest. He Is
agreeable and easily approached, but is
loth to talk of what he did that morning
in Manila Bay. When asked to give his
version of the battle he only smiled, and,
fixing a determined pair of gray eyes on
the reporter, he said:
"The account of the battle has been
threshed out as thoroughly as we
thrashed the Spaniards, and there is
nothing I can tell you that has not al
ready been told, except"— and here the
smile left his face and a thoughtful ex
pression came over his countenance —
"that the sailors who fought under
Dewey were as brave a set of Anglo-
Saxons as ever defended the honor of our
flag.
"The Boston was struck six times during
tho engagement and was on fire twice;
but that was a mere trifle, and we did
not mind it, but kept right up with the
procession."
Speaking of the admiral under whom
he fought. Captain Wildes said: "Admi
ral Dewey holds the key to the situation
in Manila if any man can be eald to hoid
It."
The captain we'd not express himself
regarding the holding of the islands by
the United States, except to say chat our
people could live there as we'll as the
people of any other nation, provided they
took the proper re of themselves, and
h" also stated that on the whole, consid
ering the number of soldiers there are in
Manila, the health of the Eighth Army
Corps is good.
Regarding the condition of the Ameri
can fleet at Manila Captain Wildes de
clares that the men and officers are in ex
cellent health, and that tliey are keeping
ward and watch over the interests and
honor of Uncle Sam with a jealous eye,
and that if there should be any attempt
on the part of any other nation to tam
per with it some one will be called to a
Quick and sharp account.
Captain Wildes is a graduate of the
Naval Academy, and is 55 years of age.
He entered the academy in 1563 and grad
uated threo years later. Captain Wildes
has the reputation of being one of the
most efficient as well as bravest officers
in the navy, and he has behind him a
record of thirty years' service of which
ho may feel justly proud. He reports a
rough voyage coming up from Manila.
Captain Wildes Is anxious to get home
to nls family in time for Christmas, not
having seen them for three years.
QUIET NIGHT
AT THE PLAY
Orpheum Hit by a
Unique Monologist.
"A Parlor Match" Arrives
Too Late to Be Lighted.
George Fuller Golden is the opulent
name of a young gentleman who ap
peared at the Orpheum last night in
black frock coat costume of rural cut and
by what Is known in vaudevillese as a
"monologue act" held the stage for some
thing like forty minutes.
In the fleet world of vaudeville two
thirds of an hour is almost a lifetime,
but Mr. Golden gilded every minute of
it and the audience kept up a steady ac
companiment of applause and laughter.
Mr. Golden has the "monologue" temper
ament in its superlative. He is easy,
colloquial, confidential and unobtrusively
good-natured — so much so that you for
get he is working. He is full of the local
allusion and idioms of the hour and he
surprises you at least fifty times in the
forty minutes. No man can face the cal
cium single-handed for this length of
time and not joke jokes that have been
Joked before, and it is only fair to an
tiquity to say that several of Mr. Gold
en's stories are not making their first ap
pearance on any stag*; but, old or new
he has the manner of telling them that
grips the crowd. It is his personality and
the side flashes of variety humor that
wins, even more than the stories them
selves. And then he has prodigious tal
ent for parody and satire which he turns
to convulsing account in hitting off the
traditions and fakes of the "purfesh;"
and he has a pair of legs so versatile in
expression that by merely changing steps
he presents any variety of recognized
types and characters. Not since Lew
Dockstadter has the Orpheum had bo
clever a monologlst.
Another hit was Julius P. Witmark
dear in the memory of old-time minstrel
patrons as the "boy barytone." Julius is
getting a big boy now, But his voice Is
as sympathetic and true and as free from
overtraining as in the old days with
Billy Emerson, and he still sings the
swooningly sentimental ballad of the
minstrel show; and sings as only few do
to-day.
Three supple young sisters by the name
of Merkell do picturesque tumbling and
contorting, and Frank La Mondue jokes
dangerously on a slack wire. The only
one of the new turns not up to the nov
elty mark ia danced and sung by Miss
Violet Dale. Camilla Urso la stU the
dignified feature of the bill, and the
Batty bears in their educated captivity
continue to prove that man is the king
of brutes.
Columbia.
The many hundreds of theater-goers
who went to the Columbia Theater last
evening with the expectation of an even
ing's enjoyment were unavoidably dis
appointed, owing to the late arrival of the
"Parlor Match" company. Instead of ar
riving early in the day, the train was de
layed about twelve hours, and even the
efforts of the management to bring the
company in on a special train proved of
no avail, and it was decided to postpone
the opening until this evening.
California.
Daniel Sully, in "Uncle Bob," attracted
another numerous audience to the Cali
fornia laat night.
New Comedy.
Harry Martell's "South Before the
War" company, with its host of clever
colored entertainers, is on this week at
the New Comedy. The bill is in the na
ture of vaudeville. Animated pictures of
the "Passion Play," representing Biblical
narratives as enacted by the devout
peasantry of Hoi iz, Austria, are first
shown. Then comes the little comedy
drama, "South Before the War." The '
piece is a pathetic little creation, inter- ;
spersed by the natural humor of the
colored actors. Miss Sarah Price, a gifted
linger, rendered "Old Kentucky Home,"
and Flora Batson and Gerard Millar en- I
tertained the audience with operatic se
lections. A cake walk, an entertainment
characteristic of the colored race, con
cluded a taking performance.
Grand Opera-House.
A comedy-drama, "The Temptation of
Money," was presented at the Grand
Opera House last night, and it went with
a snap. There is not much of a plot, but
the specialties introduced are clever and
brought down the house. Edward O'Con
nor, a comedian from the East, made his
first appearance and a hit. He sings and
dances well and plays his part with a fine
sense of humor. Marie Winaon, the clever
soubrette, takes a prominent part in the
play in tracking the villain. Landers
Stevens, and introduces several special
ties. Anna Goodwin, a pleasing vocalist,
has been specially engaged for this week.
Fred J. Butler as a colored gentleman
met with a cordial reception, and his
songs created the greatest enthusiasm.
James M. Brophy, Julia Blanc, Lorena
Atwood and Maud Miller sustained their
parts well. The house was crowded.
Alcazar.
"Alabama," that beautiful and homelike
picture of southern life, with the humor
ous eide broadly illuminatea, like a good
Btory can never be told often enough.
This was proved last night in the flatter
ingly larger and appreciative audience at
the Alcazar. Clarence Montaine was an
excellent Colonel Moberly and George
Osbourne was at his best as Colonel
Preston. Ernest Hastings played the part
of ' Captain Davenport easily — norhaps a
little too easily, and Gretchen I,yons was
as winsome as ever as Carry Preston.
She didn't giggle even once. Charles
Bryant's Decatur and Frank Bacon's
Squire Tucker were clever bits of char
acter acting.
The Tivoli.
"The Mascot," an old Tivoll favorite,
drew a crowded audience to that pleasure
resort last night. The opera was sung
and played In first-class style, and the
principals were called before the curtain
on several occasons. The choruses were
excellent and the orcheetra all that could
be desired. Next week the Tivoli pre
sents its Christmas spectacle, "The Yel
low Dwarf."
Olympia.
Conchlta, who is already well known to
theater-goes in this city, made a great
hit at the Olympia Music Hall last night.
She was recalled lour times.
The Chutes.
.Teonette Lilford appeared at the Chutes
Theater last evening, and her songs and
changes were warmly applauded. The
Marco brothers are clever contortionists;
the Stanleys, in "Mrs. O'Grady's Wash
Day," are funny, and Kelly and Violette,
sketch artists, have new songs and cake
wylks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It I; Now Within the Reach of
Every Woman to Save the
Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE OF THIS MAR-
VELOUSHOME REMEDY MAILED
FREE TO ALL WHO WRITE
FOR IT.
Can Be Given in Tea, Coffee op Food,
Thus Absolutely and Secretly
Curing the Patient in a
Short Time Without His
Knowledge.
There is a cure for drunkenness that
has shed a radiance into thousands of
hitherto desolate l.resides. It does its
work so silently and surely that while the
devoted wife, sister or daughter looks on.
the drunkard is reclaimed even against
his will and without his knowledge or co-
A
JOHN M. HATTON.
Mrs. John M. Hatton, a lady residing
in Lebanon, 0., used the remedy as de-
scribed above and her experience told in
her own words will quite likely interest
all women deeply. Airs. Hatton says:
"Yes. I used Golden Specific without my
husband's knowledge and completely
cured him.
"He was a hard drinker, a good man
when sober, but for years I lived In fear
and dread, shame and despair, poverty
and disgrace. How shall I tell other wo-
men about It? Is it not a wonderful thing
that a woman can take mattersin herown
hands and stamp out this dreadful curse
to the home? I am glad you are going to
publish my experience, for then I know It
will reach hundreds of other poor souls
and they will cure their husbands lust as
I cured mine. I am so grateful for the
marvelous changes that have come into
my life that I just feel like I would do
anything to let every wife and mother
know wnat a blessing Golden Specific Ib.
I send you his picture taken a short time
ago after he was cured. I honestly believe
it will cure any drunkard no matter how
far down he may have fallen. Faithfully
yours, Mrs John M. Hatton, P. O. box 101,
Lebanon, Ohio."
Hundreds of others are reported, even
the worßt cases where the habit seems to
have blotted out the last remaining spark
of self-respect.
The discoverer of thisgrand remedy, Dr.
Haines, will send a sample of the remedy
free to all who will write for it. Esuugh of
the remedy Is mailed free to show how it
is used in tea, coffee or food and that it
will cure the dreaded habit quietly and
permanently. Upon application to Dr. J.
W. Halnes, 856 Glenn building, Cincinnati,
0., he will mail a free sample of the rem-
edy to you, securely sealed in a plain
wrapper, also full directions how to use
it, books and testimonials from hundreds
who have been cured, and everything
needed to aid you in Having those near
and dear to you from a life of degrada-
tion and ultimate poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free trial to-day. It will
brighten the rest of your life.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M ICARTEFfS
J IHBITTLE
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cored by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They ;
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose*
Small Price.
Highly Colored Arguments
Are not necessary to convince the sen-
Bible of the qua l y of our work. The
work speaks for itself in resonant
tones.
One trial will convince the skeptical,
and we welcome any comparison. No
saw edges as wrath promoters — our
machinery .prevents this without in-
jury to the fabric.
The United States Laundry, offic3
1004 Market • street Telephone
South 420
. *^|?§|i*§£Lo. Doctor
elilP^P^ii& gui cv prq
i «Egf§£ =gss ■" c t c n o
fvP' **^-fso\ Specialists for Men
\\ ' ?^^( J> Tl'* M pl>T»lcl»n» have b«n
Kliv f\. _y* iSSf^ coring vuknni and eon-
V «M* / '^^ tracted ntlmrnta »lnc« 1881.
5* Vil'l i ■ AlzS^^lL*" 11 ' 1^' 011 ' aui ? tl " ! u ""' "'
=2o^ I MffiJf'l^ l^ y?*T;w3r^ t« ns ' ve practice la the U. 8.
18§f&\. iylxVi VM "^ L'nfortunata men i"ho c»n-
&M\ n. it*lC|S™s&* " ot call slloUld wril< " '" a<l -
CSTABLISHCD 17 YEARS. _ Al< ? J 5#5 #
• Tliomand« oared at home-.
aji letter* confidential. Jio Charge for Consultation.
731 sJnIkaIcISCO lElevat>rI Elevat>r Entrance.
SPECIAL TO-DAY
IN
Men's and Bo]( erchiefs.
/\t 25 Cents.
82 dozen MEN'S ALL-SILK HANDKER-
CHIEFS, hemstitched borders, printed In new-
est designs,' Hi Inches wide and large size, reg-
ularly sold at 50c, will be sold at 20c each.
[/If Murphy Building 1 , J
Market and. Jones Streets.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(>2SKEABXTKT. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private |
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or !
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try h'm. Charges low. |
CnreiEoarantpfd. Callorwrlte. i
l>r. J. X '. »«IBKOS, Box 1937. 5an Francisco.
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
JIAILROAU TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. th«
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesdav— Arriving: In New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEfOFFiCE — «l MARKET SI
. TELEPHONE MAIN ISO.
Oakland Offioß— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office — 201 J Street.
Stn Jose Office— 7 West Santa Olara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. > j
FROM SAM FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIUiBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. •9:*). 11:00 a. m.l 1:0.
1:45, 6 15, •6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Ban Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:10 p. m.
SUN DATS— •B:OO, »10:00. . ni:M a. m.; 1:li,
1:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. in.
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:26, *6:35, 7:46. *>;S0 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 6:06 p. m.
EXTRA ' TRIPS on Monday*, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. re.
6UNDATB-6:20. *8:00. »10:00, ni:s4 a. m.i
•1:1*. •»:!», 4:4t. »6:20 p. m. —
Trains marked start (rom San Quentln. «■
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:46. 7:56, 8:40 a. m.l '
I U:SS, 2:45. 8:50, 5:20 p. m. -
EXTRA • TRIPS on Mondays. l Wednesday*
i and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
'.• SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:06 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:10, I.U.
1:00. «:20 p. m. •' i
- THROUGH TRAINS.
f:3oa, m. week days— Casadero and way sta'aa,
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan ' Mills and . way
, stations. .
lam. Sunday— Duncan Mills and way sta'a. •
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
* . v. (Via Bausalito Ferry.)
: Leave Ban Francisco, ■ commenolns < Sunday,
'. Week Days— t:V> a. m., 1:48 p. m. ' .
Sundays— «:oo, 10:00, 11:10 a. m., 1:11 a, m.
■ Round trip from Mill Valley, ft
AUCTION SALES.
ON ACCOUNT of EXPIRATION of LEASE,
CUT-LOOSE SALE]
A CHANCE SELDOM OFFERED.
EVERYTHING MUST GO.
OPPORTUNITY FOR DEALERS.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 14, 1898,
At 10:30 a. m.
At Warehouse, corner 15th and Valencia Sts.,
. We will sell .
88 new Buggies; 4 Hacks; 12 Wagons and Carts i
60 Second-hand Top and Open Buggies and
Traps; 6 Surrles; Coupe; Pneumatic Bike Sul-
key; 20 Milk, Grocery, Express and Busines*
Wagons.
HARNESS!
60 Sets New Trap. Surrey, Buggy and Wagon
Harness; Second-hand Harness; Saddles; Robes;
Safe and Fixtures.
KILLIP & CO., Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery street.
EAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MDIHBB9I PACIFIC COMPANY.
(FAOiriO BfSTBM.)
Trains leave nn<l arc due to nrrlvc at
wan ntix ■*«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
ueayb — From Nov. 29, 1898. — arriti
*6:00a Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... *8:15a
?>OOa Benicii, Suisun and Sacramento 10:45*
7:OOa MarysviUe, OroTlUeaud Redding via
Woodland st4Sp
7jOO» Elmira, Vacarllleand Ramsey 8:13 p
"«80a Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Caliitcga aud Santa Rosa StlSr '
SiOOa Atlantic E»pri>ji, Ogdeu and Kaat.. Bi»3r
SiJIOa Bau .lose, Mtuoklun. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacrauieuto, Marysfllle,
Chloo, Tehauaa and Red 111uf1t.... 4ilSp
Si 3O a Stock Oak d»l e aud Jamestown. . 4114 1 1 r
•8:3«a. Milton '7:13?
■iVOa. Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Meroedand Fresno lililSr
ti»«A TtMuo, BakersOelil. Santa lUrbara,
Los Angeles, Darning, £1 Paw,
New Orleans and Bast •i43p
Fresno, Mendots, Tracy and Mar-
tinez Bi43p
1O:««a Vallejo. Marttne* and Way Station* 7:4Sr
•I :OOp Sacramento .Steamers '»iOOp
lSs*>OM Klles, Tracy. Stockton. Mendota,
Hanford, Viialia, Exeter and Pwr-
t«rvUle 4: 1 Op
liO Op Nllo». San Jose and Way Stations... 11:15a
San Jose, Nile* and War Stations... {0:13a
LlTermore, Sin Jose, Niles and Way
Stations .• 1IO:15a
«iOOp Martinez. Hun Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Caliitoca, Kl Verano and
S»uta lUiihi Sill*
4ioop ßeuleia, VacaTiUo, ill and,
Knights Landing. Alarysrille, Oro-
villo aud .Sacrauieuto 10:43a
4:8Op Nllei, San. Tose aud Stockton 7»13p
BiOOp Martinez, Tracy, MendoU, Fresno, -'.•.
Mojave, Santa liarbara and Los
Angelns 8:43 a
5:O«p Santa Vn Route. Atlantic Kxpress
m.,;.,v« ..i . . . 8:43p
D.OOP Marti ne«. I^athrop, Stockton,
Mtroed and Fresno 12:15?
ia«»op-i u kll )«i,^.. ■ Kl Paso,
Fort W.irth, Little Rock. St.
Louis. Chicago and East §6:15p
OiOOi- Kurorieaii Mail, Ogdeu and I'.ust.... O:4<\\
•••OOp Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7:43a
•fljOOi- Vallejo 12:1
t":OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tiom t»:4^p
■IOOp Oregon Kxprww.Harrameuto, Maryn-
ville, Rvildijig, roitlaml, i'uget
Sonndaiiil Kost 8:13a
«10:03p " Sunset Limited." Fresno. Los
Angeles, El Fuo, New Orleans
t and East H:lsp
S\?i MOA.MIUO AM) lIAIWAUOS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
I Uelroxe, Seminary IV.rk, f
•1:00a KitclilmrK, Klmliurnf, «:«nA
<O:OOa San Lrnndro, South San 1*0:434.
19.00a Lenndro, Uludiilo, 10:43.\
1:OOa Lorenzo. CUerrr < 12:45p
«Ita«p H ,.,i * tl:43p
S:OOp HnvfTuriU 15:43p
" OOp I Rmis tbrmigl, to Nile*. • 7t * Sr
) t From Niles. I
COAST IMYIxION (Narrow Uange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:15 a Newark.CenterTille, Jose, Felton,
Boulder Crt Santa, Cruz and Way
■ Buttons , SiS«p
•••1 Newark, CenterTllle, San Jose, New
AUnadon, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
. Stations 7 "1 0:3«H
4:J3p Newark, San Joce and Los Gatoi... 9:20a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
Way Buttons .....v t7i2op
CREEK ROUTE >ERRY.
from Sill rKANCISCO — root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 Jl :00a.m. |l:00 *2:00 t3:00
•i:00 13:00 *6:oflr.u.
FrimOllUßD— Foot »f Bro>iw»T.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 »1:00 t3:00 '3:00 t4:00 «8:00p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uange).
' (Third and Townsend Sts.) \
T:OOa Ban .lose anil Way .Stations (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) liBop
•:*Oa Ban Jose, Tres I'iuus, Santa Crux,
Paciltc Orove Paso llobles. Sail
Luis Übispo. Giudahipe, Surf and
Principal Way MUtious 4tlOi-
lOt4f»A Sail JnseHiid Way Htatlons »8:OOa
Ili3Oa San Jose and Way .Stations Bi33a
•Si4sr San Mates, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, rtnu .lose,
Ollroy. Hollister, Hauta Cruz,
Salinas,' Monterey and Pacific
Grnre *lO:SSa
•SiSOp San Jose and Way Stations •O:O(H
•4:1 San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43a
•StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33a
. S:3Op Ran Jose an.l Principal Way Htatious 3:30p
I •:3Oi> Ran Jose and Way Stations... 7:30p
t11:45r San JoseaiidAVay Stations 7:80 1-
AforMorniuj. * P for Afternoon!
• Sundays excepted. t Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays only
■1 Mondays and Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturdays.
ISaturdMeand Wedseadajt. •Xburtdayi and Sunday's.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LiESSSE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
■BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAJAEI*.
WEEK DATS— 7:JO, 9.00, 11:00 a. m.; U:».
1:30, 6:10, (:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:H
and 11:80 p. m.
13UNDAT8— «:00, »M. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, VM.
• :00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFABIj TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS- 4:18, 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. 11:43,
1:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip*, at
1:66 and i:*6 p. m.
eUNDATB-«:l0r »:«. U:M a. m,: 1:40, 1:41.
1:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuctsen Park
game schedule as above. . -
l*a¥» . ArrlT*
Ban Francisco. Id Effect San Francisco.
October I*. ■ ■
Week Sun- 189S. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. da,*. Days.
f:Soam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:23am
1:10 pm S :00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
. Fulton,
1:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
- Healdsburg,
• Lytton.
Geyservllle,
BJO pro 8:00am Cloverdala. 7:85 pm 6:21 pa
.- ■ Hopland and ■ . • • -
f:Boam 8:00am Uklah. 7:BSpm 6:23pm
1:80 am - .-%-.:; 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevllU. 7:25 pm
8:30 pm - 8:23 pm
t:Soam ,8:00am Sonoma 10:40am B:4oam
and -
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm B:2lpm
7:Boam 8:00am Bebastopol. 10:40am 10:25am
3:80 pm 5:00 pm 7:36 pm| 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs ; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
aervllle for SkactTS Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lake port and Bart let
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Bin* Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Bprings. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's. Bucknell's,
Banhedrin Heights. Hullrille, Booneville, Orr**
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragf.'
Westport, TJsal, Wlllitts, Laytonville, • Com-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka. "
: Saturday to , Monday round trip ' tickets at
reduced rates. ■ -' » ■
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at hair rates.
Ticket Offices). 6EO Market at.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
■ VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. „
• From Nov. 10. 1898, trains will run as follows:
I South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. - Sunday ' Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
8:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm s:sopm
10:10am 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:03 pm
11:40am 6:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:38 pm 7:45 pro Hanford 7:45 am I:3spm
3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 arn111:25 aru
12:68pm! 8:50 pm| Visalia 6:40 am; I:lspm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required. '
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
a tr~»» --■•-* inclsco. - ■ — '
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DEATH WAS
SURELY DUE
TO MURDER
Lillian Brandes Was
Hanged, Dying.
DR. BUTEAU'S TESTIMONY
THE GIRL COULD NOT HAVE
COMMITTED SUICIDE.
JEven if Not Dead When Hanged, She
Was too Weak to Have Tied
the Apron Around
Her Neck.
LINKS IN THE CHAIN ALREADY WOVEN AROUND W. A. BRANDES.
He frequently beat his daughter Lillian most mercilessly.
He was frequently heard to threaten her.
On the night before she was found dead he beat her several times
with something other than his hand.
The girl did not hang herself, but the apron was twisted around
her neck either while she was dying or after she was dead.
Dr. Buteau has testified that the condition of the girl's heart at
the time of death was such that she had not strength to have sus
pended herself to the bedpost, even if she were not dead at the time.
Lillian was not c disobedient girl, and no one but Brandes ever
accused her of theft.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Dec 12.
Dr. Buteau caused William A. Brandes
to wince in Justice Cliffs court this after
noon. Dr. Buteau held an autopsy on
•the murdered girl and made a detailed
and scientific examination of even' mark
on her body and of her various organs.
He was prepared to tell the court from
a scientific standpoint what caused the
girl's death. Hia story differed very ma
terially from the newspaper Interviews
of Brandes and his wife.
Attorney J. E. Bennett, who is of coun
sel for Brandes, has evidently read some
surgical works, for he showed a knowl
edge of anatomy and causes of death not
ordinarily possessed bj attorneys. In
some Instances Dr. Buteau stated that he
did not understand Attorney Bennett's
questions, but after mutually Btralghten
lng out Intricate queries the examination
proceeded. The witness did not agree
■with the attorney on many important j
t)oint« and on the whole the testimony
was very damaging to the prisoner.
Dr Buteau described the condition of
•the girl's throat and of the marks around ;
her neck. He referred to the connection
between the action of the heart at the i
time of death and the appearance of the
blood around the throat where the apron
was tied In reply to a question as to ■
whether or not the apron was tied around
the neck before death while the girl was
dying or after death. Dr. Buteau replied
that It was either tied while the girl was
.King or after she was dead. This was
followed by some Questions regarding the
difference between general weakneq«and
weakn Us caused by the approach of
,7< ■'h The witness stated that it would
I! been impossible for Lillian to have ,
possessed sufficient strength, as shown
Tv her heart, to have suspended herself
from the bed. and consequently he was
rielinitelv <>f I V opinion thai the gin
!3l hive taken no active part what
ever in the hanging process. .
Brandes did not personally appro\e of
some of Dr. Buteau's testimony, and he
made suggestions to his attorneys that
brought out some questions as to whether
there be an infallible rule by which doc
tors can tell whether certain dlscolora
tions an> the result of ante-mortem or
SoVt-mortem blows. The witness said that
In certain Instances there could be no mis
take made by an expert surgeon, lie said
that if any one twisted a rope or any
thing else around the neck while living
and while the heart was beating nor
mally and death should ensue there
■would certainly be a blue edge to the fur
row mad-- in the net k. and In this instance
there was nothing resembling such a blue
edge l>r Buteau said that the body of
Lillian Brandes was of normal weight and
height for a girl of 13 years.
A man named Heaton was ejected from
thY courtroom this afternoon because of
hi? demonstrations of glee whenever any
evidence was adduced particularly unfa
vorable to Brandes. Ueaton expressed
his approval of such points by clapping
his hands and saying to himself: "That's
eood- that's pood." He did this many
times, but when Dr. Buteau testified that
It was practically impossible for the girl
to have banged herself Mr. Heaton waved
his hat and called down the wrath of the
court.
"Mr Constable, please put that man
out." saiil Justice Cllft. "lie has been
very demonstrative all the afternoon and
the court will stand it no longer."
As the Constable pointed the way to the
door Mr. Heaton walked out.
There were fully a dozen ladles In court
this afternoon, but Brandes paid no at
tention to them, seemingly being anxious
to avoid being gazed upon. There were a
few sighs of sympathy for Lillian from the
bench where the ladies sat. during Dr.
Buteau's testimony, but none of .It was
sufficiently noticeable to attract the at
tention of the court.
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE
OPENS THE CAMPAIGN
IT WILL BROADEN THE SCOPE
OF ITS WORK.
Candidates Will Be Indorsed Irre
spective of Party and Looking
Toward General Public
Improvements.
OAKLAND. Dec. 12.— The municipal
campaign opened to-night with a meeting
of the Municipal League, and the ball of
politics may now be Raid to be again roll
ing, after its brief respite.
The league was comparatively inactive
two years ago, but this year It has al
ready decided to put a complete ticket
In the field for the spring election and to
nominate in advance of all other parties.
The proceedings to-night plainly show the
policy the league will adopt, and it pre
sents a marked contrast to that of former
years. The meeting was attended by
about 100 of the most prominent men in
the city, including Giles H. Gray, Council
men Cuvellier and Upton, ex-Councilmen
J. F. Towle, F. Mott. J. W. Nelson, W. K.
llarnard and W. O. Buckland, Messrs. C.
AY. Kinsey, A. B. Nye, F. L. Button, Cary
Howard. J. L. Lyon, J. T. Bell. William
Moller. Professor Inskeep, Judge Havens,
J. T. Warner. A. B. Nye in a compre
hensive speech presented the views that
will be adopted by the league, with per
haps a few slight changes.
He briefly scanned the history of the
organization and said that hitherto its
mission had been entirely confined to the
moral side of local government and it had
finished its work when it had caused hon
est men to be elected to office. It is now-
Intended that the league shall broaden its
scope and that it shall take a stajid in
behalf of public improvement "Two
years ago." said Mr. Nye, "the * al
most made what would haw
fatal mistake of pronouncing
purchase of land for public
City should have places that
fesidents here and it should J*vT tr* a
4C Uie league to see that I * w ''•>-..
1
longer Reserves the reports that have
gone abroad that she is lacking in pub
lic spirit and enterprise." It was decid
ed that the policy of Indorsing names on
other tickets does not produce the de
sired effect. Giles H. Gray said that this
is not to affect good men now holding
office, as the league is ready to nominate
any who may have proved faithful to
their trust. . -.
Mr Xye struck the keynote of the rea
son for Oakland's lack of progress when
he said that this is a sectional city and
that nobody cared for anything that he
could not see from his own doorstep. He
deprecated there being an p:ast, a West
and a North Oakland, and *aid the pur
pose of the league should be to unite all.
Formerly no member could be elected to
membership within ninety days of the
election, but this was altered to make it
forty-five days.
The league will meet in a larger hall
next Tuesday night and a new executive
committee of nineteen will be chosen.
NINE HORSES BURNED.
Damaging Fire at Elmhurst Yester
day Afternoon.
OAKLAND, Dec. 12.— A fire started in
the Kerwin property on Jones avenue
and the broadgauge tracks at Elmhurst
about noon to-day while the hired hands
were at dinner, and resulted in destroying
2f>o tons of hay and nine head of horses.
The place is owned by the estate of the
late John Kerwin, who was killed by a
Haywards electric car about two years
ago and was conducted by his brother
Michael. The origin of the fire is un
known. The blaze was not extinguished
until late this evening.
The total loss Is estimated at from $5000
to JSOuo, which includes horses, hay.
wagons and the barn, a massive structure
standing alone a considerable distance
from the main buildings.
THE BRAHMSTEAD DIVORCE.
Suit That Recalls Some Experiences
of the Plaintiff Over in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec. 12.— The divorce suit
begun by Mrs. Alice Edith yon Brahm
stead. formerly Alice Edith Dieka
son, in San Francisco recalls some recent
experiences of the fair plaintiff in this
city, wher^ she was placed by her at
torney to get away from her husband.
She stopped at a lodging-house at
Eleventh and Franklin streets, and here
her husband found her. On one occasion
he caused her arrest oh the charge of :
drunkenness, and almost as soon as he
had her lodged behind the bars he wanted '
to have her released. By means of an |
order from her he raised the necessary i
money from the agent of the Blythe es
tate, from which it is said she receives
a regular allowance of about $2£>o a month.
After Yon Brahmstead had put up the
money he wanted to have the charges he
had placed against his wife dismissed, i
However, Chief Fletcher came to the con
clusion that the man was simply working I
a game to get the bail money for his own
use. and so the charges were not dis
missed. The bail was forfeited, owing to
her non-appearance.
MRS. DAVID ALTVATER
WINS HER FIRST POINT
REMARKABLE TESTIMONY BY
WILLIAM J. PHELAN.
The Advice Which He Declares Was
Given Him by His Attorney,
George W. Jaon
teith.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
S*>b Brondway, Dec. 12.
The first important victory In the con
test over the administration on the es
tate of the late David Altvater, who waa
killed in a mill in San Francisco several
months ago. was won fhis afternoon by
thf> widow.
The widow, Mrs. Agnes Altvater, had
petitioned for letters of administration, as
did also David Altvater, a son of the
deceased. The first named petitioner was
the second wife of deceased, and, judg
ing from the testimony adduced at the
hearing of the matter before Judge Ells
worth, they lived together in anything
but harmony.
Mrs. Altvater in her petition valued the
estate at $1500, but since then $1400 has
been deposited in the German Savings
Hank of Han Francisco by the Knights
of Pythias for me support of the chil
<lr<!i.
On the other hand David Altvater con
tended that there was a will left by nls
father, and in this opinion he was sup
ported by Mrs. William J. Pheian.
whose husband claims kinship to the
Mayor of San Francisco. Incidentally tne
contestants value the estate at $4700.
Pheian gave some remarkable testimony
to-day. He said that his attorney, G. w
Monteith, had advised him and David Alt
vater to induce Mrs. Altvater to visit
and nurse his (Phelan'si wife, and that in
the meantime the contestants snould so
to Mrs. Altvater's home on Benton street,
Alameda. and search for the will- that
they did this, but found no will, and nar
rowly escaped trouble when this clandes
tine visit was made known to the widow.
Phelan's hatred for and the contempt
in which he apparently holds his step
mother-in-law amounted very nearly to
contempt of court, for while the widow
was testifying he constantly made "mon
key shines" and "faces" at her, until
Bailiff Smith was compelled to call a halt'
and as Mrs. Altvater left the witness
stand Pheian protruded one of his legs
so far across the path that led to the
widows chair that she was almost
tripped.
Fortunately for him Judge Ellsworth did
not have his attention arrested by these
actions. However, he issued letters of ad
ministration to the widow and allowed
her $50 per month out of the estate for tne
support of the three minor children.
SOME APPOINTMENTS.
George Nusbaumer and John Bishop
to Superintend Webster-street
Bridge Work.
OAKLAND, Dec. 12.— The resignation of
T. D. Tobin as steward of the Receiving
Hospital was accepted by the Board of
Supervisors this afternoon, to take effect
January 1. Harry Borchert was appointed
to fill the vacancy. Steward Tobin re
signed because he had been appointed
deputy under Coroner-elect Dr. H. M.
Mehrfnann. Mr. Borchert is spoken of
as an able successor, a model young man,
for many years holding a responsible po
sition with J. A. Joyce & Co. The Super
visors also appointed County Surveyor
George Nusbaumer to engineer the con
struction of the new Webster-street
bridge, on behalf of the county, at $10 per
day; and John Bishop as superintendent
of the work at $6 per day. Supervisors
Roeth and Wells voted against these lat
ter appointments. ,
Dragged by a Runaway.
BERKELEY. Dec. 12.— While riding on
horseback down Shattuck avenue this
morning. Rose Miller, the 11-year-old
daughter of J. W. Miller, met with an
accident which might have proved fatal.
The horse was a spirited animal, and be
coming frightened it ran away, thro.vlng
its rider. The girl's foot caught in the
stirrup and she was dragged over the
"-Td macadam at a furious speed for
- block. When examined by a
'-••• it was found hat she had
-''ugh to escape with
-'talp and several
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
STRANGE DEATH
OF H. SUKEFORTH,
A U. C STUDENT
Found Dead in *Bed
Yesterday.
CAUSE SAID TO BE POISON
MYSTERY CLOUDS THE WHOLE
AFFAIR.
A Member of the State University-
Expires Suddenly After a
Hard Night's
Study.
BERKELEY. Dec. 12— Harold C. Suke
forth, a student in the University of Cal
fo nia, was found dead in his bed this
morning about 8 o'clock. While the cause
oT death is not known for a certainty,
the physicians conducting the autopsy
find evidences pointing conclusively to
poison. The circumstances surrounding
the case, however, cloud It as yet with
mystery.
The young man was a little over 20
years of age. He had already reached his
third year at the university, being regis
tered in the College of Social Sciences.
His home is in Nevada City, but his
boarding place while in Berkeley was with
Mrs. A. C. Hager, a distant relative, who
lived at 1404 Henry street, North Berkeley.
Mrs. Anna Mente! in Court.
i
; It was here that he met his death some
! time between late last night and early
' this morning.
The circumstances leading up to his de
cease show nothing which could indicate
In any way how the poison was tuken.
Sukeforth was always accounted a dili
gent student, and he spent the whole of
Sunday preparing for an examination
Which he should have taken this morning.
He remained at home throughout the en
tire day, not even going out of doors once. :
i After a light lunch at 9:30 o'clock in the
j evening he carried on his preparations ;
i for to-day's examination till some time !
' past midnight and then lay down to the
'■ sleep from which this morning failed to
awaken him.
"Harold did not go out all day yester
' day," said Mrs. ilager in speaking of the
sad affair. "He kept himself confined in
: his room almost all day long, coming out
every now and then to rest a motm-nt
from his studies. It was his practice t>>
write home every Sunday, but yesterday
' he felt too busy and asked me to write
Instead. 1 did this for him. L*it<- in the
i evening he ate a light lunch with my
daughter and myself. It was a simple
lunch of stewed plums and squash pie.
i About half-past 9 he went to his room
to study again, and we bade hiih good
night. "He remarked that there was a
I good deal for him to read before to-day.
"At half-past 7 this morning the break
fast bell was rung, but no move or stir
i teemed to come from Harold's room.
We waited ten minutes and rang again.
There was no answer and the door was
locked. My daughter and 1 hastened to
the window, where an entrance could be
I gained, and there we found him, dead."
The room which young Sukeforth occu-
I pied had been left in perfect order.
'■■ Everything was in its usual place, and
nothing suggested a struggle or any kind.
The books lay on the table as he left
I them, the lamp had burned up about
' three-fourths of the oil, showing that it
had been used till a very late hour.
Deputy Coroner Streightif of Berkeley
] was notified immediately. He ordered an
: autopsy to be held this afternoon, and
'■ telephoned at once to the young man's
I parents in Nevada City. Word came back
to prepare the body t'> be sent home. W.
iH. Sukeforth the lather, who is a
j wealthy mining man of Nevada City, will
arrive in Berkeley to-morrow to take
charge of the remains.
The autopsy was held this afternoon by
! Dr. F. R. Woolsey. Dr. G. B. Hoagland
< and Dr. J. E. Kelsey. A careful exam-
I ination showed that every organ In the
, body was perfectly sound and normal. It
i was thought at first that death probably
i resulted from heart disease, and it was
feared by several of his friends that a
somewhat excessive use of cigarettes
might have been responsible for his de
cease. But nothing could be found in the
autopsy to confirm these theories. The
physicians soon agreed that death has
been brought about by prison. '1 ne
stomach is to be subjected to a rigid test,
the result of which will not be known
until Tuesday morning.
It was suggested by one of the physi
cians that young Sukeforth had proba
bly studied until a very late hour, and
feeling the need of rest had used some
drug or other to induce sleep. He may
have used too large a dose and thus have
I ended his life. All suggestions pointing
to a voluntary suicide seem groundless,
as no motive whatever could be assigned
for such an act. That there could have
been poison in any of the food he had
eaten on Sunday seems impossible, as no
such effects were felt by any other mem
bers of the family. Not until the result
of the autopsy is made known to-morrow
can any clew be gained to the mystery.
Tb»- deceased was a member of the
iunior class in college. He was of a quiet,
retiring disposition, and seemed to have
but few friends among the students.
During the present term he had been
promoted to the rank of first sergeant
in Company H of the University Cadet
Corps His instructors speak of him as
a careful and diligent student.
The time of the inquest has not vet
been set. It will be determined as soon
as the physicians announce the result of
the autopsy.
She Got Back Her Saratoga,
OAKLAND, Dec. 12.— Mrs. M. Harvey
has recovered her missing trunk by
means of a search warrant, and thereby
hangs a tale. She was formerly in the
restaurant business with Mrs. Frank
Welton on Franklin street and a few days
ago packed her trunk to leave. While
she- went out to order an expressman her
trunk disappeared. William Lycurgus
and Eliza Maddocks. formerly her em
ployes, afterward confessed they had
made away with the Saratoga, claiming
Mrs. Harvey owed them $2 50 on account.
I'oiice Judge Moore to-day held that they
did not pursue the proper course and re
stored trie trunk to ita owner.
MRS, MENTEL IS
ARRAIGNED ON A
MURDER CHARGE
Preliminary Examina-
tion in Alameda.
BUT FEW WITNESSES TESTIFY
STORY OF THE FINDING OF
THE BODY RETOLD.
Defense Will Try to Prove the Act
Was Committed in Self-Defense.
Hearing to Be Continued
To-Morrow.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Anna Mentel. charged with the murder of
her husband, W. P. Mentel, on the night
of December 1, was begun before Justice
Henry T. Morris in Alameda yesterday
afternoon. The hearing was held In the
apartments of Recorder St. Sure in the
City Hall, which was filled with a curious
throng. Unlike most murder trials, how
ever, but few women were present.
The proceedings were delayed at the
start by the tardiness of District Attorney j
Snook, who did not put In an appearance
until nearly 3 o'clock. Deputy District
Attorney Lin Church has had the han
dling of the c:ise up to the present time,
but ho waa busy with another case, and
consequently Mr. Snook was obliged to
step in without the slightest preparation.
The defendant was on hand promptly,
being brought over from the County Jail
in Oakland by Sergeant John Conrad and
Officer William Gunn of the Alameda
police force. She was accompanied by her \
Bister, Miss May Beth, and nor father,
Adolph Beth of this city. Mr. Sherwood,
an uncle, was also present in the court
room during the hearing. Mrs. Mental
wore a blue dr.-ss. black fedora hat, black
fur eai><\ black k'.<>v>'s ;ind a black veil.
Il.r eyea were red from much weeping,
and the white bandage that encircled her
head gave her the appearance of an in
valid. She Bat between her attorneys—
W. W. Foote and ex-Senator Guy C. Earl
—shrinking behind the broad shoulders of
the former, as though she feared to face]
her accusers. At thf other end of the j
table ;-at her father and sister, the latter j
a pretty girl, neatly attired, whose eyes
also bore evidence of recent weeping.
When Mrs. Mentel stood up to hear the
reading of the charge against her by the j
Judge she trembled visibly, and when his •
Honor askou her if she understood tho
nature of the proceedings and her rights
under the law. as he explained them, she
answered "yes" in such a weak voice that
she could not be heard two feet away.
The evidence was confined exclusively to
the testimony of witnesses who were
present when the body of Mentel was
first discovered lying on the sldev/alk on
Santa Clara street, almost directly in
front of the residence of Georgo W.
Shreve.
Arthur Jenkins was the first witness ex
amined as he was also the first to see
the body. His testimony was substan
tially the same as that given by him at
the inquest two days after the crime was
committed. He said he was riding on
un Alameda electric car when Mrs. Mentel
suddenly appeared in the road. As the car
came to a stop she cried out: "I have shot
my husband and myself, too. I wish you
would take me somewhere." Her hands
were blood-stained and there was blood
on her cape. She was hatless and ap
peared very much excited. In response
to questions she said vaguely her hus
band was "over there." He heard a man
groaning and he and another passenger
found Mentel lying on the sidewalk in a
pool of blood. His right hand was in his
pocket and he was lying on a large bun
dle. He was alive, but unconscious, and
died in a few minutes. He also told of
Mrs. Mentel being taken to the house of
Dr. Lubbock, a short distance down the
road, on the car. and the arrival of Judge
Morris and Sergeant Conrad on the scene.
He saw the revolver lying at the feet of
Mentel and Identified the one produced in
court by a piece chipped from the handle.
The testimony of L. GUlogly, conduc
tor, and J. L. Dicks, motorman of the
car, was chiefly in corroboration of Jen
kins' testimony, as was also that of Miss
Maybelle Guerne, a passenger. Dicks was
still on the stand when court adjourned
until 9 - 30 o'clock to-morrow morning. At
torney Foote cross-examined the wit
nesses briefly and sought to bring out the
fact that when Mrs. Mentel was taken
aboard the car she showed evidence of a
struggle, but none of the witnesses could
recollect anything of the kind.
The defense claims that when the proper
time comes they will prove that Mrs.
Mentel was knocked down and beaten by
her husband before the shooting took
place. Dr. Porter, the physician at the
Receiving Hospital at Oakland, where
Mrs. Mentel was taken to have her wound
dressed, will, it is said, go on the stand
and testify that her arm and shoulder was
black and blue and that there were black
and blue marks on her body.
The defense will not present any wit
nesses at this stage of the proceeding,
notwithstanding the report that it expects
to secure an acquittal at the preliminary
examination.
On the other hand the prosecution will,
on Wednesday, introduce the evidence of
the two physicians who performed the au
topsy, Drs." Lubbock anS Meyers, to show
that the shots could not have been fired
by a person lying on the ground, and fur
ther that the second shot was fired after
the man had fallen to the ground.
There are rumors of iensational testi
mony to bo givpn before the hearing 1 is
over, but the woman's attorneys say they
will reserve their evidence until the trial
takes place.
CAPTAIN OF
POLICE TO
BE NAMED
Chief Fletcher Will
Choose the Man.
MAY ABOLISH SERGEANTS
NO USE FOR THEM WITH A
REPORTING SYSTEM.
T .any Candidates for Promotion, but
Carson's Successor Is Still a
Subject of Much Spec
ulation,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 12.
It is expected that the Police Commis
sioners at their next meeting will name
a successor to the late Captain Carson.
There are several candidates for the pre
ferment, but no one can be said to have
the inside track. Sergeant Morrison, De
tective Hodg-kins. Patrolman Scanlon and
Jailer Swain have all been suggested to
the Commissioners by their friends, but
the lucky man will have to secure the
indorsement of Chief Fletcher, and the
Chief is as mute as the grave.
It is not at all likely that the Chief will
recommend more than one change in his
next report to the Commissioners. He
will recommend a successor to Captain
f'.irpon. anti as it is known that for a
long time he has believed that two out
of the three sergeants would be more
useful to the city as ordinary officers he
may recommend that two and perhaps
all three be dropped.
In the event of dropping the sergeants,
Chief Fletcher may probably recommend
that they be restored to beats, and in the
event of a detective being promoted to
captain this would necessitate the promo
tion of a patrolman to a detective. With
the perfect system of police telephones
that exists in this city, by which each
officer reports to the central office every
two hours,, it has long been known that
the three sergeants were more an orna
ment than a necessity. They received no
more pay than a patrolman, their office
Is not recognized under the charter and
they were merely created about a year
ago for the purpose of conferring a few
favors under the old administration.
There are also some members of the
force who are superannuated and en
titled to pensions, and consequently there
Is much to interest those who consider
the welfare of the Police Department.
Bargains in children's books, games and
dolls on second floor at Sanborn & Vails.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San ?rancl»eo
Call, corner ol Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until E:3O o'clock.
6ZI McAllister street; (>pen until 9:30 o'clock.
615 La r kin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2281 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
strpets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. m!T'"jT~
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- A^
ING. December 13, at 7:30 o'clock. 11. jCjf
A. degree. By order of the H. P. /^r >
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secy.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. m
M. Calfed meeting THIS (TUESDAY) A^
EVENING. December 13. at 7:30 jClf
o'clock. D 1. GEO. J. HOBE, Sec. /V>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. •"""
121 Eddy street, meets THIS EVEN-
ING at 7:30 o'clock. 1 D. TCjf
GKORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M. First degree THIS (TUESDAY) _JV
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. If jf
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /▼>
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its bann-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, January 10, 1893,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, December 9. IS9S.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ELLEN~DEAN MOORE. 220O~Shattuck
ave., Berkeley, Cal; offices, residence and
private home for invalids; phone red 721;
hours, 2 to 4 p. m.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 0-10; tel. 6630.
ROOMS papered from 13: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 3*l 3d »t.
SITUATIONS WANTED—FEMALE.
COMPETENT second , girl desires situation;
good waitress; 6 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS, superior cook, best of refer-
ences, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st
GIRLS of al! nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkin; tel. Sutter 52.
PIANIST wishes dates for entertainments,
dancing parties; pupils; terms reasonable.
Box 244.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with sewing or upstairs
work; good reference. 687 O'Farrell st.
rOVERNESS wishes to give afternoon or
evening lessons in English. French (Pa-
risian). German, music, singing; or would
take young children; first-claes references.
Box 506, Call.
WANTED— Position by competent, experi-
enced stenographer. Address box 504, Call.
WANTED— Position as correspondent, com-
panion, nursery governess or nurse by lady
of gord education and ability; formerly a
teacher; also stenographer; would like to
travel: references exchanged. Address box
EO3, Call.
YOUNG woman wants to do housework, plain
cooking; references given. 306 Stelner st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation to
do upstairs worrk or light housework; will-
ing and obliging: good references; prefers to
sleep at home. Box 749, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for lizht housework
or to take care of 1 or 2 children. Call Tues-
day at 2617 Sacramento at.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes a few more en-
gagements; good cutting and fit. 116 Welsh.
An experienced cook wishing situation will do
some washing; good reference. 442 Minna st.
OMPETENT woman wants situation; flrst-
class cook, baker; plain washing if requiied;
nationality Scotch; references. Address
Cook, 615 Larkin.
AMERICAN girl wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework. Call at 221A Twelfth st.
YOUNG woman wants plain washing: windows,
sweeping- or assist generally; $1 per day and
car fare. MRS. 8.. 1061 Howard street.
YOUNG Woman wishes position; good cook;
city or country. Address Call Branch, 1941
Mission.
WOMAN who can do any kind of work wishes
engagement. 5 Fourth st. ; ring bell.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, ironing or
housecleaning by day: $1 50. Address 3255
Twenty-second near Valencia.
REFINED, educated young woman who has
had good position is desirous of obtaining a.
home and small conpensation for services;
understands housework and cooking; best
of reference. Box L. 8., 2526 Mission street.
STONG girl wishes work by the day; plain
washing, housecleaning, etc. 1331 Fulton st.
GERMAN woman wants a place la lunch
house or restaurant to work over lunch hours.
Call or address 78^4 Clementina it.
; SITUATION!* WANTED- Continued.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes situation to
do general housework; good cook; reference.
Box 550, Call office. <
WOMAN wishes housecleanlng or washing by
the day. 1118^ Howard st., room 21.
DRESS and cloak maker, perfect fitter, wants
engagements; $1 25 day. 402 Mason st.
BY a neat young girl, to do housework; wages
$10 to $12. Call at 909' 2 Harrison st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work 'by ' the day. Call or address
2213H Mason «t.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work. Call at 1212 Scott st.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, position as
I seamstress with dressmaker: would be gener-
ally useful; small remuneration. > '-ess for
one week, box 436, Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker will accept a few
more engagements in families; ladies' and
■ children's clothes a specialty; references. Ad-
ply 1212 Scott st.
AN experienced American cook wishes position*
good references. Apply 319 Minna at.
DRESSMAKER wants few more engagements
by the day. 635 Golden Gate ave. .
WANTED— By man and wife, to work In camp;
woman to cook and man willing to work at
anything; can give references. Address box
SOS, Call office. Oakland. ,
4 MARKET Branch office of Th« Call.
Want wds and subscription* taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-C^N^S^^mpT^AltMicVraiirklndii
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 42«.
FIRST-CLASS ornamentor and cake baker
wishes situation; 480 Jessie.
IXPERIENCED German gardener and coach-
man, age 33. desires situation; city or coun-
try. Address box 601. Call.
YOUNG man desires situation In office: thor-
ough knowledge of English and Spanish; also
of bookkeeping. Box 506. Call office.
YOUNG man will work for his board; even-
ings or part of day. Box 747.
YOUNG man wants employment in store or
as driver; can do show-card writing. Box 746.
Call office.
GERMAN cook and baker wants situation for
hotel, boarding house or restaurant. Please
call 217 Second St.
WANTED— By man and wife, to run a board-
ing house in mining camp, mill or factory:
woman is a good cook and understands her
business; is neat and clean; man willing to
work at anything; is handy with tools; can
run an engine; is a good fireman or watch-
man; can give best of references. Address
box 512, Call office, Oakland, Cal.
STEADY married man wishes position around
private place; understands care of garden,
etc. ; reference. 1715 Stockton st.
POSITION as clerk or cashier in hotel by mar-
ried man: 9 years' experience in one house;
best of references. J. E., box 437, Call office.
EXPERIENCED hotel and restaurant man
wishes a situation In a hotel as manager
Address box 449, Call.
DRUG clerk, graduated prescription clerk,
wants position; good references. Box 417,
Call office.
CHINESE; experienced cook and good laun-
dry man, wants place In family. W. H., 1006
Stockton st.
YOUNG man, 21, would like any kind of work.
Call or address 2436 Post St., near Broderlck.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
MIDDLE aged woman, country, $20. MIS3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
RANCH cook. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
2 SECOND girls, $20 and $15: nurse, $25; Ger-
man or French governess, $25; 15 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $2.1; 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 335
Sutter st.
NEAT girl; assist light work; $12. MIPS CUL-
LEN. 825 Sutter St.
GERMAN seamstress and second girl; $25;
MISS CULLEX. 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS; boarding house; $20; sleep home.
MISS CULLEX. 325 Sutter St.
SEAMSTRESS, $4 per week. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutfer.
C. R. HANSEN St CO., 104 Geary, want to-day
8 waitresses, city and 2 country, $20; 2
c-hambermaldß to wait, $20; chambermaid,
country. $20. See party here. C. R. HAN-
SEN, 104 Geary.
SCANDINAVIAN cook and second girl for
country, $50; cook and laundress, small fam-
ily, $35; cook for ranch, $20; girls for Con-
cord. Lorin, Fresno, San Rafael, Berkeley;
housekeeper, Sunol, $20 and $25, and a num-
ber of girls for city, $15 to $25; French second
girl. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
COOK for small dairy ranch. $20, fare paid;
German chambermaid and do plain cooKlng,
$20; cooks, housework girls, etc. MURRAY
& READY. 634-536 Clay street.
COOK, plain wash, $25; 2 waitresses and par-
lor maid. $20 nnd $25; nurse, $15; 3 waitresses.
$20 ami 15 week; and a large number of girls
for cooking and housework in city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— Colored girl for cooking and house-
work; 2 in family; $20. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
ENGLISH. Scotch or North of Ireland nurse,
■$25. 3. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 COOKS, $25: chambermaid and waitress, $20;
10 girls for housework. 631 Larkin st.
COOK, no washing, $25; second girl, sleep home,
$20; good place. 631 Larkin st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on fine coats. 231 Post
St., room 27.
GERMAN girl, assist- light housework and I
children. Apply 2519 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl for light housework. 1419
Golden Gate avenue.
GERMAN girl. bet. 14 and 15, to mind baby;
wages $8. 317 Hayes street.
YOUNG girl for housework; 2 In family;
wages $8. 971 Church St., near 22d.
WANTED — Good lady canvassers. Murphy
building, room 134. bet. 11 and 12 o'clock a.m.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
Ing. 213 Broderick street.
STRONG, willing girl: housework and assist
cooking; $12. 2162 Golden Gate avenue.
STRONG German girl, housework and sewing,
country. 122 Perry. 10 to 12 a. m.
RESPECTABLE Protestant girl for housework
and plain cooking; family of four; $15. 902
Greenwich street.
YOUNG girl for restaurant. Call 136 Secood nt.
WANTED— GirI for housework; reference re-
quired. 1700 Larkln street.
WANTED— Two waist finishers, 2 skirt finish-
ers, 3 apprentice girls. Apply from 8 a. m.
to 5 p. m. at 2&2H Fourth street.
WANTED— Lady agents. Call 202 Sixth street
after 9 o'clock.
WANTED— A girl to cook and assist In house-
work; $15 per month. Call at 215 Hayes st.
COMFORTABLE home for woman under 40;
all general housework; 2 in family; city
house; sunny room; wages $10. Box COT, Call.
TAILORESS and apprentices; good wages;
steady custom work. 206 Minna st.
GOOD woman or girl for light housework and
wait on lady. 716 Franklin st.
GIRL to assist housework, $10. 17A Columbia
Sq., bet. 6th and 7th, Folsom and Harrison.
GIRL to learn hair-dressing and manicuring.
MME. DELLA FATTST, 240 Stockton near
Post street.
GIRL to assist In light housework; references
required. 1044 Ellis st.
PRESSER wanted; $125 day. G. G. DYE
WORKS." 342 McAllister St.
WANTED— N»at girl to assist light house-
work and child. 1135 Devlsadero St., near
Eddy.
APPRENTICE on tailoring; paid while learn-
lng. 803 Montgomery St., room 10.
WANTED— Energetic ladles. 613 Taylor St.,
from 10:30 a. in. to 1:30 p. m.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 1217
Webster st.
WANTED— Young girls to learn finishing;
pants. 560 Fourth St., near Brannan.
WANTED— Good, steady finishers on pants.
560 Fourth st., near Brannan.
EXPERIENCED talloress; must be good hand.
121 Post st., room D.
YOUNG "girl for light housework; $8. il»8
Treat ave., corner Twenty-fifth st.
TALENTED lady amateur for a road com-
pany. Box 28«. Call office.
FINISHERS on custom coats who understand
operating. 328 Howard st.
LADIES, gents, to take work home; no experi-
ence necessary. 136 Sixth St., room 2.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lesaons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
RESPECTABLE working housekeeper, age 30
to 35 for a small mountain ranch; permanent
home to competent party. H., care _. SAN-
DERS, Ophlr. Or. - _
HELP WANTED— MAMS.
MURRAY & READY.......... Ph0ne Main 5841
Leading employment and labor agents
Want to-day •• • •
6 cooks. $43. $35. $30 and $25 and found: 2
waiters, $25 and $20 and found: baker, country
5h0p.......... .... 35 and found;....
53 tiemakers, Bc, 9c and 12c each; 20 w00d-
ch0pper5.:............. $1 50 and $1 cord:
5 granite block cutters, $17 £0 per 1000: 5 slate
splitters. $2 50 day. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clav st.
AT C. R. HAXSEN & C0.'5.. ....Te1. Grant IS5 '
1500 railroad laborers for ."
Skaguay, fare reduced to
$12 50 Skaguay $12 50
Sub-contracts and station work, both rock
and earth. $1 to $1 50 a yard for rock. 25c to
35c a yard for earth: day laborers average I
hours at 30c and 35c. Further particulars
and tickets at C. R. lIANSEN & CO.'S. 104
Geary st. ■ •
UPSTAIRS porter, with references; first-class
hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEX & CO., 104 Geary.
JACQUETTE. formerly civil engineer Valley
and Sierra railroads, please call or send your
address to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
COLORED waiter, $30: cook, $9 a week, kitchen
hands, etc. C. R. HANSEX & CO., 104 Geary. ■
20 AX men, redwood: 20 tie makers. 9c and lie
apiece; 20 post makers, year's Job, fare 11,
see boss here; 2 scraper teamsters; farmer
and wife. $30; slate splitters, $2 50 a day.
right cook. $20 and room. R. T. WARD &
CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st. ■
WANTED— Quartz miner. $2 60 day; man to
run electric pump $1 50 day; blacksmith, $35
and board: machinist for country; conks,
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Painter for Institution, $25; nurse,
$25; cook, country-, ISO; 2 waiters, $35 and $25;
dishwasher, $30; French couple on a ranch,
$35. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton St.
FIRST-CLASS eoatmakeni only. BRANDT A
CO., 139 Montgomery st.
GOOD home for old man. Address SO Hannt
St., Oakland, Berkeley train. B st. station.
BOY wanted, 1 and 3 Union Square Market.
Powell and O'Farreli.
WANTED— Painters, stage hands. EDMON-
BON*B, 220 Brannan st.
PREHSER wanted on custom pants; steady
work. 923^ Folsom st.
DISHWASHER, experience on lunch counter.
S. E. cor. Greenwich and Lyon sts.
WANTED— First-class bushelman. Apply this
morning. BALDWIN CLOTHIERS.
WANTED — Bootblack in barbershop. 202
Fourth street.
GOOD barbers for the country; Italian pre-
ferred. Inquire H. BERNARD. 104 7th st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. Call at 253 First
street.
WANTED— SO young men in 6 day walking
match, 10 hours daily; salary and prizes. Ap-
ply Mechanics' Pavilion, 10 to 12.
TO go to-day — 300 pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damaged, % price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
2 CHAIR barber shop for sale; good location:
2 livng rooms. Inqure of DECKLEMAN
BROS., 106 Ellis st.
$50 A MONTH, with increase; steady man with
$150 wanted as partner In light, genteel and
profitable business across the bay; former ex-
perience not required; no night or Sunday
work; full particdaulars. GOULD & CO., 632
Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 39
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis st.,
1 San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms, 25c per nlgl.t. 51 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764^4 Mission
st.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— First-class tailors on custom coats.
106 Battery st.
8 YOUNG men to go south on nice cruise at
1 HERMAN'S, 2« Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 138"£ Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant ave.
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts. ;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 863^ Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 2uc night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis Bt.
TRY Acme House, 937 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WASTED.
LADIES to sell "Ladies' Friend": half profit:
no capital required. 1126 Market St.. room 2.
HOUSES WANTED.
FOR 6 months, privilege renewal, completely
furnished house. 8-10 rooms, sunny side o"r ;
street; E. of Van Ness and S. of Cal.; rent
$7.-. to jl'Xi. Address b"X 7.'.0. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED^
TWO or 3 furnished or unfurnished rooms: use
of bath; central; cheap. Box 463. Call.
W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
CHEST carpenter tools: must be In good order
and reasonable. Address TOOLS, Call office. :
Alameda.
MAN'S second-hand overcoat for cold climate:
send description, price. Box 345, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS typewriter and copying press
for cash. Northwest cor. 25th and Folsom.
DESK wanted; second-hand rolling top desk.
Address box 748, Call.
WANTED — For cash, a good upright or squara
piano. Room 12. Flood building.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano tor cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL. 216 Post st
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the tame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; eroT, ns. S3; fin-
ings. 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work: no students employed; extracting free,
when plates are ordered; consultation free
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance S Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without platen crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie US2.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first prizes;
no students: guarantee 12 years.
SET of teeth, $5: fillings, gold. Jl up; silver. 25c
up; bridge work; plates repaired: all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentlst9, 9fi9 Mission st., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors- full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings. 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand: open evenings.
997 Market st.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 jtarket st near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work ..nd fllilnes a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given
PJ i J Rl «, Dental rI ?r ! ' 235 Keaniy; set of teeth.
14: filling, gold. 50c; silver. 25c; crowns. $3]
THE Esmond dental parlors. 43 6th-Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. 15 yra.
s %»u°NQ! ee i& Pl^ DR.~H~S:
A W L KEY.^^ e 7°«g. Warranted - ™' *'
AT Law!
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
»°'* Without success; collections. G W.
HOW E. atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection"
free advice; open evgs. Atty McCabe. 103 iirWn'
A EVA^ f w e; MM d in°, r^^ 1^»-.. Private.- J. b.'-
. t-VANS, 14 ; McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank]
ADVICE free— W.. P. ADAMS 607 v^^J
- Spreckels bids., 927 Market; chlrgefmod^aTe*
1*. _ 8 CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg M7 Mar-
Ijet; consultation free; no fees In advancedBUSINESS CHANCES.
A-S4OOO— HOUSE of 4 rooms, store with stock
of ■ eerie*, liquors, etc.; lot 29x127:6; best
location on Mission St.: death of owner cause
of genuine bargain. WILKE & UNFUG. W6
Market »t.
a— ll2oo COAL and wood yard; established
many years; d Ing good business: horses and
wagons; rer.t $25: death of owner cause of
pale; genuine good investment. Call WILKE
& UNI' I Q j.06 Market st.
K— s-,o<v-cO U N T RY resort: Santa Clara County;
fine bar room; - parlors: 7 bed rooms; large
grounds; hoi e and buggy; stock of liquors:
tirst-cla&s paying establishment; owner to
leave for East; ... bargain. Particulars
WILKE & UXFUG, 906 Market St.
A.— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years;- doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE A: UNFUG. 906 Market fit.
A— J35O; SALOON near R. R. depot: net rent
only $14; card and private rooms; the biggest
bargain In the market. WILKE & UNFUG,
%6 Market St.
A— s3so; SALOON on water front; 10 furnished
rooms, piano, etc. ; rent $20; a good paying
j.lace; sickness In family cause of a great
bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— sSso; CORNER drug store; established years;
large prescription and store trade; rent $27 50;
no opposition in 4 blocks square. WILKE &
UNFUQ, KM Market st.
A— S7OO— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
ll* st ; 6 living rooms; rent $2.'-: doing a good
paying business; owner to leave for New
York. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— JI3O— COFFEE saloon lose to Alcazar The-
ater: first-class paying; rent $65; partners
can't agree. WILKE & UNFUG, &06 Market.
$2250— CORNER saloon north of Market st. ;
building with 6 rooms Included; present owner
20 years In same place. M. LESS 765 Market.
A— sl4o RESTAURANT; large kitchen, good
range; doing a good business; on principal
street, near Market; a bargain; see It. M.
. LESS. 765 Market.
A— sl2s BAKERY; fine location; good custom:
all store trade: Al oven; 3 living rooms: great
sacrifice; worth double. M LESS, 765 Market.
$330— RESTAURANT between shops and fac-
tory; six living rooms; rent only $25. M.
LESS. 765 Market st. ,
$1000— SALOON in good country town; build-
Ing and lot Included; living rooms; owner
has other business; can be seen in city. Ap-
ply M. LESS. 765 Market st.
(225— SALOON vicinity Third and Mission sts.;
3 living rooms; rent $2150; business Is O. K.
Do v ii want a • bargain Can you tell one
when you see it? M. LESS. 765 Market St.
■ $400— PALOON; boarding; 16 furnished rooms,
always filled; Al location: everything In tip-
top shape; big bar trade; bouse crowded;
seller made fortune there in 5 years; trial.
M. LESS, 76! Market St.
$400— RESTAURANT north of Market St., near
large carhouse: well paying; good steady
trade year round; worth looking Into. M.
LESS. 763 Market st.
$150- PAYING Cigar store: principal street;
value In sight: 3 living rooms and bath; rent
$15; no opposition; genuine bargain. M.
LESS, 765 Market st.
A— s3oo — PARTNER wanted; old-established
brokerage business, . . H. GOULD <t CO..
032 Market st.
A— CIGAR STANDS, $150. $200: fine locations;
good trade; bargains. S. H. GOULD & CO..
632 Market st.
BARGAIN In saloon; good location; fine trade;
death compels immediate salt-; do not fail
to Investigate. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632
Market st.
GROCERY and bar; nicely fitted up: fine'
corner; splendid trade; sickness compels quick
sale; bargain. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632
Market st.
A— s43oo: drug store, corner; a rare chance: one
of the best in the city; receipts $35 to s4o dally:
full value In stock. KREDO & CO., -2'_. Geary.
A— s2oo; branch bakery and notions; $10 : illy: no
competition; rooms. Kredo .-. Co., 22V4 Geary,
A— ■■:■ cor. grocery and bar: fine stock and fix-
tures: bargain. KREDO & CO., 22'.4 Qeary st.
A— sl73; cipar stand: $10 to $12 daily; value in
stock; must sell. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary.
— $300; saloon partner: best cor. So. of Mkt;
snap for rh nt man. Kredo & Co.. 224 Geary.
A— s2so PARTNER wanted In old established
business clears $73 a month to each; lull In-
vestigation. . National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
— We have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
$4(0 — CORNER saloon; clears $75 month: a snap.
J22'i — Cor. grocery and bar; clears {73 month.
$250— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $Cmio.
J73— Branch bakery; Market St.; rent $15.
Jl25 — Cigar store; receipts Jl5O per month.
Bargain at National Agency. 7 Grant ave.
t32Z— CANDY and Ice cream parlor and dell-
rn<-y stnr^: n bargain on accoant of departure.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market.
$250— PARTNER In light Indoor business; will
pay to each $75 per month. yearly. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$1000— Milk dairy depot: paying business;
lease 5 years; bargain account of going
East. N. LOWENSTEIN. 34 Kearny St.,
rooms 10 and 11.
$500— BARGAIN; grocery and bar; 3 living
rooms: old-established place. See N. LOW-
ENSTEIN. 34 Kearny st.. rooms 10 and 11.
$200— DELICACY branch bakery, notions: one
nicest little places in city, doing fine business;
3 living rooms. JONES, MS Market st.
$1000— DAIRY and milk route; 4 horses; 2 wag-
ons; 4 set harness; 200 cans and all necessary
things for first-class business. JONES. 565
Market st.
$373— SALOON: full value in stock, fixtures,
etc.: 4 rooms furnished: rent $20 month: must
be sold on account departure. Apply Capitol.
Liquor store, 269 Third St.. NE cor. Folsom.
TO buy or sell,- any kind of business, partners
procured, lodging houses a specialty; collec-
tions made. WEHNER & HANDLE, 1027V4
Market st.
$300 — PARTNER In asphaltum and roofing
business: Inside or outside work: guarantee
$75 a month; references given. 1027H Market.
$200— SALOON, well stocked; pool and billiards;
living rooms ; rent $12; bargain; proprietor
sick; must Bell at once; see It. Call office.
MEN and women wanted in every town and
county to sell a new toilet article. Address
M. H. CARTWRIGHT.- r. 709, 827 Market st.
GOOD paying saloon: will trade for lot or small
ranch; neatest saloon south of, Market st. ;
Investigate. Address box 13*2, Call office.
$350— RESTAURANT; centrally located! good
and steady cash trade; suitable for man and
wife: cheap rent. Call 1027' 2 Market st.
GOOD corner bakery: only store: doing good
business ; reason for selling, other business
in the East. Apply Call office.
$250— EXPRESS business; steady trade from
stores; trial given. Inquire 1027V4 Market St.,
room 2.
WELL-EQUIPPED b-iardln* and livery stable;
' barn full; reason for selling sickness must
sell before winter: 38 boarders; 20 livery and
work horses; buggies: surries: carriage;
double and single harness: all that a good
(table requires. Address box 377, Call Office.
BAKERY and restaurant; would take partner:
good location; close to Market St.; all store
trade; in good running order; long lease; good
reason for Felling. Box 411. Call office.
FOR Bale or Exchange— A business selling
doors and windows, store and office fixtures:
for city or country property. JOSEPH
BCIIEERER. 23 Tenth st. ■
WELL established country hand laundry, do-
Ing from $43 to $50 of the best paying work
per week: price reasonable; full investigation
given. Apply Call officer
ON account of family trouble; good-paying
business for sale; a chance for life; 5 years
lease; no agent. Address box 285, Call office.
BARBER shop— First-class two-chair 15c shop,
2- living rooms in rear: sickness. . Address
box . 1&37, Call office.
CHEAP country saloon; good location; long
established: no agents. Box 455. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; will take a partner.
Inquire at once, box 427, Call office. i
SHOE ehep: doing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
BAKERY fitted up new; only store trade; cash
business; erood chance for baker. Inquire
Call office. ■ ■
SILVER DOLLAR saloon, 312 Sansome st.
(wjtn lease), SlCOO; make offer.
$65— MALL rests • • outfit for sale. 505 Pa-
cific st.: call afternoons.
WELL-STOCKED, old-established grocery,
liquor store; 5 living rooms; cheap rent; two
fiats rented helping to pay rent; cause sick-
ness. Inquire Call office. ;.... : ;
$900, MORE or less, grocery stock at invoice;
good locality; cheap rent; good reason for
selling: D. W. CORBIN. El Vlrano. Cal.
DRUG utore. clean and complete stock and fix-
tures : in good location; investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Box 1518, Call.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
rupp'-led an wanted at lowest prices. 137-101
E«?al» ft
*~~ TVI'EWRITEns.
ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send fir samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $2:.: Caligraph. $15; Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
BICYCLES.
FCR Bale— Bicycle, gent's late model, almost
new; cost $05; price, $15 cash. Box 008, Call
OttOta
LODGING HOUSES roil SALE.
H. cT DECKER, IC£O Market St., opp. Fifth.
44-ROOM CORNER HOUSE-
—JUST FINISHED; NEW FURNITURE-
ONLY $300 CASH: BALANCE EASY PAY-
MENTS.
S-Room Flat on Market.
FINE LOCATION FOR A DOCTOR.
■ ONLY $250.
60-room hotel and bur '. $7000
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
10 rooms; on Butter st 250
32 rooms: exchange for house and lot 2200
24-room house; new house ana furniture..* S5O
S rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 430
10-room house: only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $100 550
46-room house; corner , 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
ABSTRACT FURNISHED SHOWING
CLEAR TITLE.
MONEY LOANED ON ANT HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
9 rooms; nice house: clears $25 $325
10 rooms; window corner; transient.. 500
II rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent 600
14 rooms: all bay-windows: a snap •. SO' 1
17 rooms; Jones St.; clears $75 700
• 23 rooms; Fifth St.; clears $7." 800
30 rooms: best on Xearny; offices.. 2200
105 rooms; best ■ known house, on coast — 4000
And ethers. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— J2OOO; .*>4 rooms; best house In Oakland;
clears $IT,O month; also 40 room house. Oak-
land. KREDO ft CO., 22Vi Geary st.
$S00 — 21 rooms; all on* floor: best-paying- house
on Third Ft. KREDO & CO.. 22 H Geary st.
A -:1: 1 ROOMS; elevator. $2000
45 rooms: rent $™ '. 2000
45 rooms; boarding 2300
$6 rooms; Market st 1400
30 rooms: corner: country 10C0
MONEY LOANED. MONEY LOANED.
SPECK A- CO.. 602 Market st.
I $630—12 ELEGANTLY furnished rooms: O'Far-
rell, near Larkln. A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market St.
15 rooms; $180 cash; r>« v ~ a< us $io monthly $4"0
18 rooms; part cash; near Market 850
IS rooms; .Post St.: good investment 900
23 rooms; north of Market: rent $75; only.. 900
40 rooms; near Baldwin; great bargain. .l2oo '
A- s£:>o: HOUSE of 35 rooms; rent $50; on
Stockton Ft., sickness in family cause of
great bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906
Market st. ;
CARPETS of a modern housekeeping apart-
ment house; central: rent reasonable; present
Income $100. J. HAYDEN. Oakland Postoffioe.
HOTEL. 26 rooms, hard finished; only $1100:
lot 75x150 ft.; furniture included; cheap at
$SOOO. Call at 256 Third st. !
LODGING house for sale: on 6th st.: on ac-
count of sickness; 2.S rooms: nicely furnished;
a sacrifice; $1200. Address box 1557, Call office.
HOUSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale; cheap.
597 Ellis st.
MUST sell: going East; 33 rooms; all full. Til*
Mission St.: $300
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
40,000 FEET redwood boards; second-hand lum-
ber. 2d and Jessie. Yard loth and Valencia.'
GASOLINE engines— l h. p.. $100; I h. p.. $125;
3 h. p.. $150: 4 hp-, $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
SYRACUSE bicycle good as new, $18; 22-inch
frame. 230 Van Ness ave.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever: 7x9 Inches. 10c: 10x12. 15c; 12x16,
20c; 14x17. 2."c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24. 45c:
22x25. 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mission st. be-
tween First and Second; open evenings. .■
COST $1200; diamond solitaire earrings; price
I $3SO.
Cost $960; diamond crescent, 69 stones; price
$;-
3 diamond rings. $130. 90 and $65.
New Arlington. 1015 Market st. '
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOOK AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission ■_.
above Sixth.
A FINE Hardman, slightly used, cheap for
cash. Room 10, Flood building.
SIX hesepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
NEW sealskin sacque for sale; reasonable. Ad-
dress box 488, Call. •
GASOLINE Engines— l horse power. $100, 2, $125;
3. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
COMPLETE tailor's outfit for sale; also 4
rooms and bath for rent. 316 Leavenworth.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ave.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch offlca, of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads" taken. , — * *
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 816 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Eafe Co. moved to 417-
4J3 Sacramento st. - ■
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer gecond-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel South 7s*.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. IT.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of ever.- description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, ?27 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
' AUCTION, no reserve; 200 vehicles and harness;
Wednesday, 10 a. m.. Warerooms Fifteenth
and Valencia.
PASTURAGE.
PASTURAGE for horses or other stock at
Tomales, Marln County.' Apply to J. W.
KEYS. Tomales.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all tho»? who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every- comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, £10 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkln.
i ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause);. safe and
i sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
i ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratcice; cafe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though ele« fail; delicacy, privacy. home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
la)' : self-core sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 r 0 per box. sent free by mall
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
ave., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us. .
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
; sure; no medicine or Instruments used; con-
sultation free: pills and capsules. $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladles', physician for 37
years. Call before visiting other*. DR.'
POPPER, 31S Knarnv st.
Chlchaster* s English Pennyroyal Pills'
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchestcr Chemical Co.. Phlla.
A TREATMENT that res! ires Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no Instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly; hours
. 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, • 1122
Market St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed: any complaints; no Instru-
ments; . maternity home: best medical • at-
tendance: cure. $.'.. Removed from 401D Van
Ness to 1362A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall av.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly Irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved lmmedate-
ly; call or write; confidential. IP23M, Market.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.; 4o6 Clay st.;
$1 60. Bend 2c Etamp for circulars' to BEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 631- K St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
ave.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. - D. ; don't delay -until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland Cal.
MRS ACHARD, midwife: pleasant, sunny
home in confinement. U6 Second «_• Tele-
phone. Green ,52. . . , ■■ - ■-
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
confinement. 727 Belifevoe ave.. Los Angeles.
CKEAPFST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Rent to any address In the United
States or Canada 1 one year for $1 50, postage
I paid.
TIIE SA^s FRANCISCO CALL, TXJESDAT, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
norsEs to LET.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
AT 20 Mary St.. near Fifth and Mission—
parlors, 7 rooms; rent $22 50.
A— lo-ROOM house; reduced from $50 to $40.
1523 Bush St., near Van Ness ave.
AN elegant 10-room house: 1522 Pacific ave.;
reduced to $60. At SPECK & CO.'S.
NICE bouse 6 rooms, bath and basement; rent
low. Northwest corner Pine and Laguna sts.
SUNNY house, corner Geary and Larkln; 9
rooms. Inquire 1153 Howard st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
ft., rear Market. Apply at 15 Grant ave.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— 3o DAYS free: lovely B-room cottages (Mis-
sion). $10 to $12. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S,
602 Market St. . >
COTTAGE, 17th. near Sanchez — i rooms, bath
and stable, $17. Apply MM Army. I
PRETTY cor. cottage, 6 rooms and bath, beau-
tifully furnished, rent $27 50. GEORGE W.
11. PATTERSON. 1709 Market.
FLATS TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 6 sunny rooms and
bath; rent cheap. ISO6 Howard st. j
FELL, 511— Flat. 4 rooms and bath; hot and i
cold water; yard and basement; rent $15; j
key 13 Fell.
HAYES. E47— Nice 7-room flats; all modern im-
provements; rent moderate.
LEWIS, 84. off Taylor, near Post— Flat of 5
rooms and bath.
LEXINGTON ave.. 18. near Eighteenth— slo;
flat, 4 rooms; hall; double parlors.
NICE sunny flat. 4 rooms. 127 Olive ave.; rent
$12; no children. [
RINCON Hill— Upper flat, 5 large sunny rooms,
bath; reasonable. Box 262, Call office.
SUNNY corner flat, 7 rooms, bath: cottage of
6 rooms, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3727— upper flat, 5
rooms and bath; rent cheap.
UNION, 801— 3-room flat, $10; 1112 Union, cot-
tage, 5 rooms, bath, yard, $15.
WASHINGTON, 1612— Flat, upper. 4 rooms;
large closets; bath; or 3 rooms with grate.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. .
$12. $14. $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4. 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary st. i
$12 50— Nice sunny bay window flats; 3 rooms :
and bath. 2309 Howard st. j
$20— SUNNY bay-window flats: 6 rooms and I
bathroom. -1633 Clay St.. corner Polk.
$20— SUNNY bay-window flats; 6 rooms and
bath. 1704 Washington St.. near Polk.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLARA, 158— Three large Bunny front rooms;
lent cheap; water free.
EDDY. 917— Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkln— Sunny bay-window
$14, with kitchen $20; also alcove.
FIFTH. 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness ave.— of S
sunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.-
HARRISON, Three rooms furnished com- i
plete for housekeeping: large yard; rent $12. [
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished sunny suite, j
with kitchen; others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 106S— Nicely furnished bedroom and
kitchen, complete for -keeping, $150 per j
week up.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite: two unfurnished
rooms, $10; three rooms, $15: reference.
KEARNY, near Butter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free: cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant ave.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed: closet; $12.
MINNA, 417— Nice sunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; adults. .
MISSION, 563—2 large housekeeping roooms,
cheap.
MISSION, 839— Sunny suite complete for house-
j keeping, $2 50 week; large rooms, $2 week.
MISSION, 839— Nice, clean furnished rooms,
suitable for 2 men. $2 week.
MISSION, Three large sunny, pleasant.
connecting rooms for housekeeping^ -
MODERN room upper flat. 125 Ash ave.. bet.
Polk. Van Ness. McAllister and Fulton.
NEVADA House. 132 Sixth— Nicely furnished
sunny housekpg. rooms. $12 up; single. $6 up.
OAK. 12— Large alcove room, with stove, com-
plete for housekeeping; bath, gas; $10.
POST, 817V4— Unfurnished front and back par-
lor and kitchen; rent $H.
NINTH. 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping: running water; stove.
SECOND. 130— To let: furnished front rooms,
single and double, In a private house; fur-
i niture In perfect order; reasonable prices.
SEVENTH. 191— Large front rooms for house-
kpg. ; " connctng. rms., sink; run, water.; reas.
SIXTH. 216V£— Nice suite front rooms for light
houeekpg; also sunny back rooms for hkp>:.
SIXTH. 420— Elegant furnished parlor suite;
also housekeeping rooms complete; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $10.
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In kitchen
and 1 In bedroom, with suite to match; furni-
ture all new: $11 per month: suitable for 3 or
4 -persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts.
TEHAMA, Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single; bath; private.
THIRD, 143— Sunny- housekeeping rooms com-
plete; first floor: bath; gas.
TURK. 20—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
TURK. 62&— Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; running water.
j 8 HOUSEKEEPING rooms. $14, not front; oth-
I ers, $7: Runny. 505. Jones. •
3 GOOD larg? unfurnished rooms; cellar and
yard; cheap.' Inquire 561 Sixth.
110— FLAT, 4 rooms, hall, double parlors. 18
Lexington ave., nr. Eighteenth.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny rt.— Pleasant
runny rooms; en suite or tingle; frst-claas
In every respect: terms reasonable,
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 60c, suites $1 per day: less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr;Ul.
BELORAVIA. 1715 Polk— Elegant sunny rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; hoi sekeeplng; table
board.'
BOHEMIA— 239 Post— Sunny suites and single;
all conveniences; gentlemen or families; ele-
vator; references given. . .
BRUNSWICK— Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 23 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-it,
cars pass house direct from all trains. .:
i CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and efflces. -
DELAWARE. 1433 "Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single. and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY. 5 ! — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; vary desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY ■ .110, ' between Jones and Leavenworth —
Handsome parlor suite; also slngla rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.
ELLIS 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites
& sing.. $1 SO. $6 wk.: 50c. $1 day: tel. 81. 1364.
GEARY 622— Sunny front bay-wiiidow room;
newly furnished; gas; running water.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard— night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars
GOLDEN GATE, 503— Parlor floor suitable for
physician or dentist; carpeted. ■
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
room I house; .$1 50 to $0 rer week.
HASKELL. The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J.King.
HOWARD, 958H. near Sixth— Newly furnished
gunny rooms; bath: $1 week up; quiet house.
HOWARD, 1312— Sunny front room: bath, gas,
use of kitchen; very reasonable to lady.
Call forenoon. ' ■ "
HOWARD. 1802—3 i front sunny . bay-window
rooms; rent cheap. ■:
JESSIE. — Front room, grate and mantel,
folding bed; $7 per month. '
LARKIN. 706— Furnished and unfurnished;
also light housekeeping: light and sunny.
MASON, 402— Sunny front room; private fam-
lly; rent $6. ;; - "'■'
MCALLISTER, Newly furnished rooms;
gas; bath; grates; hot and cold water; rea-
. sonable. ' , . : -, , .
MECHANICS' HOUSE. 4J6 Fifth— Everything
new; rms..-Flngle or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-,
cient; bar in connection. F. .W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Itauscb, prop.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MINNA, 6C7. corner Eighth— . furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 933 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms: transient: new house; central.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 2SO (El wood House)— Nicely fur- j
nished sunny rooms; hot and cold water; !
quiet; transient. I
O'FARRELL. 635— Four pleasant and conven-
ient furnished rooms; water; gas; grates,
etc.; prices from %S to $14.
PIEDMONT House, 119A 6th— Nicely furnished ,
sunny front rooms: double, single; first class. j
PINE 1931 — Large pleasant rooms en suite
and 'single; bath; reasonable; furniture new.
POLK Handsomely furnished back parlor; j
grate, gas; use of bath; private family.
POLK 1602— Furnished front sunny single
room; unfurnished; running water and closet;
upper floor. '.''■'■'■■ ■ ■ j
SEVENTH, lTO— New house, newly furnished; '
modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo. j
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St., !
i near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. "136— Rooms suitable for 2; folding bed
and grate; also other rooms.
STEVENSON, 620— Cheap sunny rooms, with j
fireplace. _^ ' ; i
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortable furnished j
rooms; single and en suite; very reasonable.
i TAYLOR, Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single.: bath, gaa. j
TURK 521— Sunny furnished rooms: furnished !
or unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
1 ROOM in exchange for music lessons; pri-
vate family. Address box 259A. Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HC^LrFairmountTlTH Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
MCALLISTER, 697— Front bay-window and back
parlor; piano; 'with or without board; bath;
reasonable.
PARK House, Twenty-fourth and Mission-
Board and lodging. $4 BO and $5; rooms, $1 25
up; board without room, $3 50. .
FIRST Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
IRVING. 1070 Valencia— sunny front al-
cove room.
O'FARRELL, 742— Sunny single rm. : also sunny
parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comforts; piano.
: SUTTER. 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS. 400— Large sunny room with board
for two: separate beds; very Cheap. ■ ■■'-'.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Bunny furnished »ultei
and single rooms: fli-st-cias? table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 51 Clara st.
GOOD home and mother's care for child not,
less than 6 months old, in Swedish family.
Call 3272 Folsom st. '
STORES TO LET.
SHOEMAKER shop- to ■' rent, with furnished
sleeping room: good chance for steady single
man. Call barber shop. 744 Fourth st.
STORE: 2 show windows; 2 rooms: rent cheap.
IRO2 ward st. : -.-> ' ■ __,
I $9 AND $10: 2 stores, with living room. .339 Noe
! St.. near Market; stable If desired. ■ " '' ■ "
OFFICES TO LET.
! EMMA~SPRECKELS building, 937 Market lit-!
- light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $13 50
to $28. ASHTON & QATtrtVKR. room »lfl.
MISSION, 858 — Suitable for. physician; occu-
pied by such formerly.
STABLES TO LET- ,
STABLE, 4 stalls or more if desired; $11, per
month. 415 First fit: •
;. : MVSKAL . INSTRUMENTS. ,
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD. <
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 06
Stelnway upright 187 60
Chickerlng upright 235 00
Pohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright. 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.'
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANTTFACTURINO CO..
136 Ellis Ft.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $»
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; price* ar» th»
tame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.,
Ftelnwsy dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutter
»t».. fan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house-
west of Chlcp.sro Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
f«. (8 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organ* and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing rK.iislbl* done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains In pianos and musical merchandise.;
call and wet our prices. ZENO MAUVAJ3
MUSIC CO., 769 Mark"* st. .
A STEINWAY, $175: Steck. $150; Est«y, $225; '
Fischer, $230; Weber, $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $1 50 up; rent nllrwed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House. ?04 Post st.
A BEAUTIFUL new upright piano: elegant
case and. fine tone; fully guaranteed; an of-
j fer wanted. Room 21. Flood building.
Wit G. BADGER, 416 Sacramento St., agent
for cele' .ated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
AN elegant Stelnway upright, but little used
and In perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms. ISIS Market st. '
BENJ CURTAZ & SON. sole agent* for Chick-
erlng. Steck. Voee and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell Ft.
NEW and elegant upright; must sell: family
leaving. 1206 Devlsadero St., near Eddy.
A NICE Fischer uoright sacrificed; owner
must sell. Room 12, Flood building.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright,. only $60. 116
Post st. :
A FINE Stelnway and new Checkering uprlgh:
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness nve
$150— FINE Stelnway: great bargain. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
A PIANO that Will please you. th« Byron
Mauzy. SOS Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Pot.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest: uprights. $75 up; j
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HAYES. Branch office of The Call. Sub-
■ BCriptlone and ada taken. ' • ■
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD*S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh-
veylng, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ; indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship,- English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. »o0; low rates
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
. Ing, mech. survey, assay, arch It ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 983 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory; F. C. Caldwell; 16 yrs'
experience. Emma Spreckels " Ids, 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1218 Mar-
ket St.; 400 positions secured in last i years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 672 Parrott bldg.
CARPET CLEANING.
Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans.
moves, lays carpets. C. H. . STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send ' to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. -a).
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'B. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating. Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; tel. East 126. . '
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. .02 Butter st. ;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WOLCOM.- Proprietor.
SEWING ' MACHINES..;
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies.. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45. :
ALL kinds bought, sold, . exchanged, rented;-
repairing at lowest rates. 203 Fourth st. •
PERSONALS. " .*'
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor of many now
celebrated singers, will' open by request, two
. classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January; being Impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly $2; ensemble and single treatment; only
those subscribing before Christmas will be
accepted. Rooms 121 and 122, Murphy build-
ing, Jones and Market sts. ' ___
FREE samples Interesting to Inventors, pro-
moters and persons of ideas. The Patent
Record. Baltimore, Md. ■■
LEDERER'S QUINONIA— celebrated Hair
Tonic is a cure for Dandruff; 35c bottle; try
it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or powerful medicines used; treatment simple
and effective. MRS. CLAYTON, 1128 Butter.
THERE is but one Hairdresser In town. G.
LEDERER, 123 .Stockton St.. charges but 2,"c.
LEDERER'S Foamo, best shampoo, 5c pkg.;
switches, $1 up; curls, 45c pr. ; Sund., » to 12.
L.A.DIES only. "Ladles' Friend"; advice, cue's
and sample free. 1126 Market st, room 2.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present; stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co., 118 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to *1 50 per night; $160 to IS per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices I
by Family Shoe Factory. 1550-1554 Market st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
II week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LATEST style dresses made, $5 to »6; dresses
made over. 3 Eddy st., rooms 14 and 15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
Colic 916 Market; men and women teachers.
spiritualism. iWwv .
attention"; ~ • y ~~~*
mrs. DR. a. d. HOWE,
The celebrated medium, and clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
- utter a. word she tells you In mil of all that
you are Interested In; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of friends and
enemies, locates mines and burled treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cUre
all diesases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases. heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures ■ which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation hy mail always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market Ft., S. F., The Vendome.'
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
- cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
JOHN SLATER, spiritualist, business and de-
veloping medium; private sittings daily 11
to 4. Office 330 Eddy st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing- test circle to-night,
10c. 605 McAllister. Come skeptics.
BUSINESS medium and palmist: readings 2.ic
this v.reek; satisfaction guaranteed. 234% 6th.
MRS.'.KLLIS: tests to all; Tue».-Frl, 2 p. in.;
■ Mon.;"8; 2oc: sittings tl. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK. .
Permanently'. Located in San Francisco.
• :.- At 1023V4 Market Street. :
'.. •; .';■.- Between Sixth and Seventh.
. While entranced gives aid . and advice which
will Overcome your' enemies, . remove family!
troubles, restore lost affections, . make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Market st.
Mrs. Hosklns, tr. medium, rdgs dally $1; clr-
cles Tues. eve., 25c. 322 S. Spring, Los Angeles.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession, has removed to 218 Stockton st.
CONSULT the lucky medium;' fee 25c. 349U
Minna St., near Fifth.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card ; reader;
past. present and future; 26c. 14S Sixth, rm. 10.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st. .
MME. MOREAU, the best medium »nd card
reader; 26c up. 78 Fourth st, near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
SCIENTIFIC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR,
room 148. Phelan building; third floor.
LOST.
LOST— Ladles' wutchchatn, shape of heart, red
on one side, white on other; reward $2 50.
Apply 454 Main street.
LOST— pin; on Mission St., bet. 7th and
Bth; will give liberal reward for return of
__ same to 1147 Mission stroot. -
SILVER tall horse, lame In hind leg. Reward
at bakery. 111 Larkln street.
INITIAL B diamond scarf pin; liberal reward
If returned to 633 Market st.
FROM 20 Howard Court. Sunday morning, two
canary birds. Liberal reward If returned.
LOST— A bunch of keys somewhere in the
vicinity, of, Howard, Mission . and Beale.
. Please return to 87 Moss street and be suit-
ably, rewarded.
GRAY njrrp, open bupgy; on Mission road;
good reward. P. F. CANAVAN, Ocean View.
126 REWARD— Strayed from my home at Fair
Oake Sunday, night one Great Dane dog; 114
years old; tiger marked. A. ROY HARRI-
SON. - ■ - .
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos. in S. F.. Oak-
land or ' Alameda 'at ' lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
. elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408. Parrott building.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; (19 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st. |
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate, 21
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympia Music Hall. ,
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, «3« Market st.
150 TO 150,000: lowest rates; Ist and M mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call.- In wrapper, for mailing. •■ • • ■ .
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
: VAIN SALOMON, \ broker. 323 Montgomery.
LEGAL NOTICES.
DEPARTMENT No. 10. Probate. In the
Superior Court in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia. In the matter of the estate of ISAAC
S. BELCHER, deceased. Notice Is hereby
given that Monday, ( the 19th day of Decem-
ber, A. D. IS9S, at 10 o'clock a. m. of
said day,' and the court room of Department
10 of said court, at : the new City Hall, In
the city and . county of San Francisco, : State
of California, have been • appointed as the
time and place for proving , the will of said
I S BELCHER, deceased, and for hearing
the application of ADELINE N. BELCHER
for ■ the Issuance , to : her of letters testamen-
■ tary thereon. -.•■.-•■•
Dated Dec. 5, A. D. 189S. -
[Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk. -
RICHARD BELCHER. Belcher building.
Marysvllle. Cal.. Attorney for Petitioner.
1 STORAGE.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and .Moving Co.
■ Office 401- Post st. cor. Powell; tel. Main 67ia
CITY REAL ESTATE.
~~ PARK LOTS. »5 MONTHLY^ '
• PARK LOTS. $5 MONTHLY.
Why pay $400 and $500 for lots when
we can sell you better bargains for $275?
$275— For Choicest and Cheapest Home Lots —
$276. - --:- ' ■ ' ' ■-* • '" • • :• ;- '••»■•■
$275— 55 MONTHLY— S27S. .
'$275— 0n Sth. 9th,;loth and 11th avenues— s27s.
South and near Golden Gate Park— s27s.
OVER 60 LOTS SOLD.
See BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. Regulators of prices.
Branch office, 9th ave.. corner H st.
Open daily and Sundays. .
In Sunset District.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
$6100— Devisadero, near Bush— build-
ing; also stable in rear; lot 2G:«x137:6. ■
$200 CASH; BALANCE MONTHLY.
$2500— Good 2-story bay-window house, on
Clipper, nr. Castro; contains 7 rooms and bath.
BUSINESS CORNER. .
$4500— splendid business corner on Dolores
St.; Improvements consist of a substantial
building containing a store and 4 rooms In the
rear, flat above of 6 rooms and bath; also cot-
tage adjoining containing 4 rooms; total rents
$39; extra large lot, 65x87. ■ -.V»^»
A GREAT BARGAIN.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
$3350— Close to Fifth and Market sts.; good
tenement property in a fine renting locality;
this property is offered at a low price In order
to effect an Immediate sale. ,
LEAVENWORTH- ST. FLATS.
$3SO0 — Leaven worth St., near Broadway: two-
story building, containing 2 flats; rent $32.
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22,000— Drumm-st. corner, within 1 block of
Market St.; large lot; the improvements are old,
but pay a fair return on the Investment; mort-
gage of $12,000 can remain.
■ ALMOST A FIFTY- VARA LOT.
$4500— Lyon st., near Post; a great big lot,
with old Improvements; splendid for teamster
or a (rood location to build cheap flats; prop-
erty must be sold to close an estate.
PAYS ;14 PER CENT. ■■>
$lisT>o— Bernard st., close to Jones and Pacific;
2 good fiats, steadily rented.
SEVENTH-ST. CORNER.
$3300— Seventh st., close to Folsom; corner;
28xS0; ground rent $20 per month.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$2500— A good Investment, close to Seventh
and Folsom sts.; double 2-story house; contain?
10 rooms and basement; always rented; lot
25x80.
PRICE $20,000— RENT $2300 PER ANNUM.
Northwest corner In Western Addition: 2 new
buildings, containing 6 flats. just completed;
all rented: income $2300 per year; for sale at a
bargain; no reasonable offer refused; corner lot,
50x106:3.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$8500— Page st., close to town; 3 new flats, all
rented for $80; sunnny side of street; large lot.
CORNER INVESTMENT.
$10,000— handsome, brand-new building,
just completed; rent $100; large corner lot; this
building contains 3 corner flats of 8 rooms and
bath, etc., each; very sunny and very attrac-
tive.
NICE COTTAGE IN RICHMOND.
$2300— Fourteenth ave., near Clement st. ; con-
tains 6 rooms, bath and high basement; lot
25x137:6.
FILBERT-ST. COTTAGE.
$2000— A bargain; Filbert St., near Lacuna:
contains 6 rooms and bath; also driveway and'
stable; lot 25x157:6.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
< 10 Montgomery st.
NEW 3-room cottage with level lot, near Mis-
sion and Thirtieth sta. ; $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st. ■
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. GEO. M. SALSBURY. Build-
er, £21 K St., Sunset district. y; }. * f\
$2200—60x20 WITH 2 flats. 25 Stone St., near KB.
corner Powell and Washington.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. ~
A SNAP— 22OO acres, mostly all level grain
and fruit land; 4 miles from boat landing,
county seat and railroad: will exchange for
city property or sell for $20,000. Apply A. M.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
$2750— 10 ACRES; 10 miles from San Rafael;
money loaned. SPECK & CO., 602 Markat st.
TO rent— soo acres of grain and meadow land,
Marin Co. A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
LAKE COUNTY RANCH— SQOacres. with lake
frontage; no Improvements: patented: no In-
cumbrance; 80 acres have been In hay, bal-
ance fine fruit land when cleared ; paying
range for Angora goats; price $3 an acre cash.
Address Lakeside, box 372. Call office.
property Wanted.
WANTED— To buy or rent Improved farms ;
send full description. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$255 CASH; small monthly Installments as rent
till paid for; a new, cozy cottage, 3 large
rooms; quite a little ranch; 6 fine lots; all
picket fenced; chicken houses and outhouses;
city water and fine well of spring water;
flowers and nice garden; a self-sustaining
home; price $1400; 3 electric car lines and fine
school house near by; Allendale settlement.
East Oakland; climate and soil the best; grand
view; no fogs nor cold winds here; 4S families
now own their homes; all within 2 years.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. cor-
ner Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
A BEAUTIFUL Home— One of the neatest and
best built homes in Oakland; new; Just com-
pleted; must be sold Immediately; 2-story, 7
rooms and bath; 5 large closats and pantry;
plumbing nickel-plated; roll-rim bath tub;
cement steps and walk; gas fixtures and
shades in house; only 6 minutes' walk from 1
broad gauge- station; large lot; - price $3800
complete; terms to suit; call at once and be
shown the house. Lake Shore Land Co., 1070
Broadway, Oakland.
ELMhI'kST REAL ESTATE-
1 HAVE a few special bargains In small acre-
age tracts; look them up at once. it ■ will
pay you.
4 acres highly improved.
6 acres highly improved. .
1 acre highly Improved. " •
A few 1. 2 and 3 acre lots, unimproved,
choice land, well located, all within 5 min-
utes' walk of electric cars: take electric cars
to Elmhurst and pee PITTOCK, real estate, '
opposite powerhouse. Elmhurst. ■■■■-': ■
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, 1229— Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, carpets; reasonable to responsible par-
ties. ' - . ?;*;-..• - • - -
SUNNY corner: first-class apartment house: no
transients. ■ 1055 Washington. Davis block.'
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. ttCKKLI^
« HAAS 1 old »tor». 4<)B.Kl>t»*»s »».-..»»« *il — i
ALAMEDA, ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. '. \
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H. j
YOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park st. I
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR BALE— fine .7- room house; 'all " the
latest Improvements; large lot; street work
all done; 4 blocks from university grounds.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley sta-
tion^
~ PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr.- C. C. O'Donnell, offlc*
and residence, 1021 Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
MABBIAOE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
G. J. Dupont and Gabrllle E.Alphonse.. 23-24
Cornelius L. Desmond and Flora Nicholson. "
Ed Hauser and Margaret B. Brown .......25-25
Thomas McClure and Elisabeth Gilbert.. 32-29
Robert T. Maccoun and Alice M. Fugette.. 3o-25
Frederick Bredemeler and Amelia Balfay .26- 25
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS, .
Birth, marriage and > death notices gent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ■; be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published .
■ ■■ .:■■ : BORN. .:.;.;;..
BATES— In this city; November 24. 1898, to the
wife of J. T. Bates, a eon. ...
BEASLEY— this city, December 8. 1898, to
the wife of James Beasley, a daughter. • .
BILLINGTON— In - this city, October 31, 1898.
to the wife of Frank Billtngton, a son. ■
GOLDSTONE— In: this city, December 10,. 1898,
to the wife of Henry Goldstone,. a daughter.:
HEINO— this- city, December 5, 1898, to the
wife of S. Heino, a daughter. . >■ .
JONES— In this city, December 11, 1898, to the
wife of John H. Jones, a daughter. j
MABBIED.
BLAINE— DEAN— In this city. December 10.
18tt, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D..
Robert Maine Esq. of San . Francisco and
Mrs. Martha C. Dean of Napa City.
HUMBERT— KOF<TTER— December , 1898. by
t the Rev. M. C. Harriss,. William E. Humbert
1 and Magdalena F. Koetter, both of San Fran-
cisco. * "
McCLURE— GILBERT— In this city, Decem-
ber 12, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D..
Thomas McClure of San Francisco and Miss
Elizabeth. V. Gilbert of Portland. Or.
DIED.
■ Brady, Anna E. - Lord. Elijah 8.
Brennan, Elizabeth Murray, Charles W.
Carlson, Sofia . Maestretti, Mary
Canty, Catharine Madden, Thomas
Dougias. Margaret E. Murphy, Stanley T.
Doherty, Charles F. Olson, Mary E.
• Dunn, William ' Paulsen, Marie
Herbat, Catherine C. Reil'.ey, Lavinia
Hanlon. Emllie D.F. Riley, John W.
Jones, infant Rourke, Bridget
" Koenlg, Julia Schendel. Anna R.
. Kimine, George Spear, Sarah E.
BRADY— this city, December 11. IS9B. Anna
E., beloved daughter of O. E. and Anna
Brady, and beloved sister of Mary C., Mat-
. thew V., Kate S., Charles A.. Joseph G. and
A. Paul Brady, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 11 months acd 6. <'. ;*■.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her parents' ■
residence, southeast corner of Twenty-fourth
street and San Jose avenue, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private,
at Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRENNAN— In this city. December 11, ISM,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Thomas P-^nnan,
• and mother of Tom, Joe, Edmond, Mabel and
Loretta Brennan, a native of Ireland, aged
45 years.
CARLSON— In this city, December 11. 1893.
Sofia, . early beloved wife" of Captain Johan
Carlson, and mother of Aimira, Lenora and
and Carl Venter Carlson, daughter of Mra. O.
. Qulst and sister of Mrs. F. O. Johnson and
Mrs. G. M. Fargelung. a native of Finland,
' aged 38 years and 12 days. !
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister. Mrs. F. O. Johnson, 3337 Seven-
teenth street, between Mission and Valencia.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery
CANTY— In this city, December 11. IS9B, Cath-
arine, beloved wife of the late Edward Canty,
beloved daughter of Catharine and the late
Timothy Bowen. and sister of Mary and Dan-
iel Bowen, Mrs. Welspell and Mrs. D. Mc-
Carthy, a native <* San Francisco, aged 30
years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence or
her sister, Mrs. Dennis McCarthy. 2104 Fil-
bert street, thence to St. Brigid's Church for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery, i
DOUGLAS— In this city. December 12, 1898,
Margaret Ellen, beloved daughter of James
and the late Mary Douglas, and sister qf
.Tames J., Michael and Annie Douglas and
sister of Ann de Sales of Sagtnaw, Mich., a
native of San Francisco, ag-ed 22 years. •.
IprFrlends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Mary s
Hospital. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. ;..:\;;>
DOirEi.TY— ln this city, at the Potrero, Decem-
ber 12. 1893, Charles F., beloved son of John
and Mary Doh»rty, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years 9 months and 19 days.
DUNN— In this city, December 11. 1898. Wil-
liam Dunn, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years. ■ .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 7 o'clock, from St. Mary s Hos-
pital, thence to the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at i:l5 o c' o0 *;
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, via the 10:*0
o'clock train from Third and Townsena
streets.
HERBST— In this city, December 11. 1898,
Catherine Centennial, beloved daughter or
Charles and the late Catherine Herbst, and
Bister of John, Charles and William Herbst
and Mrs. Waltermier. a native of Belmont.
Cal aged 22 years 5 months ami 23 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2501 Van Ness avenue, corner of Union
street, thence to 11:30 o'clock train. Valencia-
street depot. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
HANLON— In this city at the Palace Hotel.
Emilie D. F., widow of the late Captain
Daniel Han'., and mother of Charles i >..
John F.. Daniel M., Miss Josephine G.
Hanlon. Mrs. Mollie Crump of Boston and
Mrs. Emilie Banks of Lassen County, Ca\.. a
native of Ploen, Schleswig, Holstein, Ger-
many. .
{QrNotlce of funeral hereafter.
JONES— this city, December 12, IS9S, the in-
fant daughter of John H. Jones and Sadie
V. Jones.
KOENIG — In this city, December 11. 1898. Ju-
lia, dearly beloved wife of Joseph Koenlg.
and beloved mother of Paul, Anna, Joseph.
Mary, Isabella and Ferdinand Koenig. a na-
tive of PamHne, Slavonic Austria, aged 34
years '9 months and 1 day.
KIMME— In this city. December 12, 1898, George
Klmme, shiprigger, a native of Germany,
aged 60 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth.
LORD— In this city. December 10, 1898. Elijah
5 . beloved husband of Anna Lord, a native
of St. John, N. 8., aged 77 years.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 311 Ivy avenue. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. ***
MURRAY— In this city, December 10, 1898,
Charles W., beloved son of Charles and Wini-
fred Murray, and brother of John P. Mur-
ray, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years
6 months and 2 days. ;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 34A Rausch street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. - ;
MAESTRETTI— In this city, December 11, 1898.
Mary, beloved wife of F. A. Maestretti.
mother of Frankle, Laura and Josle Maes-
tretti. daughter of Mrs. P. Shahan. and sister
of John and Andrew Shahan, a native of Eng-
land, aged 33 years 3 months and 25 days. ' .
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), 'at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi- .
dence 2507 Post street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, corner of Bush and Stelner .
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at » o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
MADDEN— At Douglas Island, Alaska, Novem-
ber 30, 18S8, Thomas, beloved husband of Mary
i Meegan Madden, a native of County Mon-
aghan, Ireland. ... «. ,
ETA solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated at St. Ignatius Church, Hayes street.
at. B o'clock to-morrow ((Wednesday), for the
repose of his soul.
MURPHY— In this city. December 12.1898 Stan-
ley T beloved son of Mrs. John M. Murphy
of San ' Jose, and brother of Mrs. C. D.
Wright Mrs. W. D. Sanborn of this city,
Mrs S P. Howes and Dan R. Murphy, »'
native of California, aged 24 years 5 month*
ai C7 Interment San. Jose upon the arrival' of
reinterment San Jose upon the arrival of
the 7 a. m. train from this city to-morrow ■
(Wednesday).
OLSON— In West Berkeley, December 12. 1898,
Mary E.. beloved wife of Antone Olson. -
mother of Edward and William Bonn, and
sister of Thomas and Edward Handarkin and
Mrs. K. Blumerg and Mrs. T. Landregan. a
native of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 7
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, Curtis street and University ave-
nue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will- be celebrated for
the repose of her soul,' commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
PAULSEN— In this city, December 11, 1898.
Marie dearly beloved wife of William Paul-
sen and mother of Emille Paulsen and the
late' Louise. Otto. Lucy and Charles W. Paul-
sen a native of Altenbruch. Germany, aged 42
years. 10 months and 1 day. Also Infant son
of William and the late Marie Paulsen. a
native of San Francisco.
ITT-Frlends and acquaintances are respect -
* fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her Inte resi-
I dence, 633 Minna street, between Seventh and -
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REILLEY— In this city, December 12. 1838, La-
vlnla ReWley, beloved mother of Mrs. W. H.
Knickerbacker. Mrs. J. S. Marshall and the
late Kate Shearer and Susie Beedy, a native
of Canada, aged 77 years 11 months and 13
days. ♦ " ■
RILEY— this city, December 11, IS9B. John
W beloved husband of Bessie A. Riley, and
son of Mrs. J. Riley of Nottinghamshire, Eng-
land, a native of England, aged 52 years.
ROURKE— Friends an,d acquaintances are ! re«
spectfully to attend a solemn requiem
mass for the repose? of the soul of Bridget
Rourke this day (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock,
at St. Mary's Cathedral. "an Ness avenue.
BCHENDEL— In this city, December 11. 1898,
Anna R. Schendel. beloved mother of Mrs.
Antoinette McCarthy. William and Ada
Schendel and Mrs. C. H. Waterbury. a na-
■ tive of Germany. .
(TTFriends' and acquaintances are respect- (
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence. 60 Bernal avenue. Interment
private. Kindly omit flowers.
PEAR— In this city, December 12, 1898, Sarah
E wife of Captain A. F. Spear, a native of
•: Thoinaston, Me. aged 6G years 1: month and
f 1 day. (Thomaston, Me., papers pleaso
1 copy.) ■
■ C CTFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral services
■ to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at her
late residence. 2!>OS Folsom street, near Twen-
ty-flfth. Interment private. Please omit
'flowers.* ■■'■•■■ * _________^______
i. HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher), .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL^IER*'
' SO Fifth it., opposite Lincoln SchooL
Telephone South » j .
1112
A BRIDE AWAITS
THE RETURN OF
DICK STODDARD
Irma Wilson Hopes the Mail
Clerk Will Lead Her to the
Altar To- Day.
Promise of an Exciting Meeting When the
Central Overland Reaches the Oakland
Mole This Morning, in Which Pis
tols May Figure.
Torn by conflicting emotions; at one
moment buoyed by the hope that her
lover would return and fulfill his half
hearted promise to right the great
wrong he has done her, the next cast
into the abyss of despair by the fear
that he has gone, never to return,
poor, trustful, innocent Irma Wilson
peeks refuge in the one unfailing earth
ly haven — a mother's sheltering arms.
fin the Central Pacific overland
which will arrive in San Francisco this
morning is believed to be Richard C.
Stoddard, a dashing young clerk in the
railway mail service, whose coming
Irma Wilson so anxiously awaits.
At the Oakland mole Stoddard will
bp met by Irma's mother and probably
hor father, and escorted across the bay.
It ho stands ready to keep his promise,
a trip to the City Hall toj procure a
marriage license will be made, fallowed
by a simple ceremony which will wipe
out the stain under which Irma chafes,
and will install her into the realm of
honored wifehood. Should he seek to
> % his responsibility or delay the
righting of the wrong, there promises
to be an intensely dramatic scene, for
Mr. Wilson is intensely wrought up
over the tarnishing of his daughter's
honor, and he has made violent threats
against young Stoddard unless he re
pairs the injury forthwith. Should he
be there, however, he will not be given
any opportunity to make use of the
huge revolver he has been carrying
since he learned of Stoddard's perfidy;
for detectives will be close at hand to
prevent any such occurrence.
The life story of Irma Wilson is most
pathetic. Born in Modesto scarcely
sixteen years ago, family dissension
marred her home, and before she was
old em .;h to fully comprehend the
shadow that had fallen upon her young
life her parents separated, Wilson
eventually going to Applegate, Placer
County, where he has amassed a con-
Biderable fortune. In the course of a
I'-v. years Mrs. Wilson became Mrs.
<i\ i rly and removed to Reno, New,
taking her daughter. It was there
that Irma first met Handsome Dick
Stoddard. His father, the leading
banker and one of the most prominent
citizens of the place, gave his son a
standing in the best circles that the boy
was naturally well qualified to fill.
The Overtys moved in the same set
and in a short time Dick and Irma
w« re firm friends. Mrs. Overly is a
cousin of a member of President Jlc-
Kinley's Cabinet and has .many rela
tives who are prominent in this and
other States, another cousin being
George McKenzle. a prominent busi
ness man of Chicago.
Young Stoddard completed his school
life and entered the Railway Mail Ser
vice, being placed on the run between
San Francisco and Ogden. The little
city of Reno became irksome to Irma
after Dick went away, and the monot
ony of mountain life was broken by
occasional visits to San Francisco,
whore she has a number of friends. It
was during one of thes^ visits that
she met Stoddard and the friendship
that begun in Nevada was renewed
and strengthened here.
Stoddard had formed the acauaint
anoe of a sot well known about town,
and Introduced Irma to some of his
newer friends. She it was who figured
as= tho mysterious female friend at the
tin,- ..f ,iuik>y Clancy's runaway mar
riage last June, lending her assistance
to thp eloping couple, but carefully con
cealing her identity at the time. Though
barely more than a chlM in years. Irma
is a largo, wr-11-formcd. i.oautiful girl,
who might readily pass for a woman of
20. Stoddard, too, was connected with
the Clancy elopement, and that affair
may be regarded as the great crisis in
their lives.
Irma's visits to the metropolis be
came more frequent and of greater
length, and Stoddard passed all his
time- when here in her company.
There could be but one result to these
secret meetings. The child discovered,
when too late, that in quaffing from the
cup of sinful pleasures the dregs must
surely be partaken of as well. She
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mS&i^^ 09 Bi BE '~z^ i^B^^ R
WORKS WONDERS.
A Remarkable Cure of Sore Eyes
And Sight Restored.
I am a graduate of Oberlin College, taught
long enough after I graduated to have them
give me the Honorary degree, and I have a
great many acquaintances in and around Boa-
ton. About three years ago my son brought
home a box of OVTKJUKA (ointment), and I
picked up the circular that was around it, and
learned about tbe ConctrmA Soap, and told
him to get me a cake. When 1 got it, the cir-
cularadvised its use for the bath, teeth, scalp,
etc. I bad been a great sufferer all my life
from sore eyelids, the whole lid outside and in
was red as a beet. I had to sit in a dark room,
evenings, for eight and a half years, and wear
black spectacles to keep the sun from my eyea
in the daytime. When I got the Cuticcra
Soap, I got a fine, soft cloth, dipped it in hot
water and rubbed it on the soap and washed
my eyes with it. I can't teli you how much
good It has done me, although it smarted
very much at first. My eyes are as clear and
bright as when I was a young lady. I had to
go backwards in getting spectacles and wear
No. 1\ the same as I did twenty years ago, J
can rea ' medium sized print in daylight vitli-
out any spectacles. Asa matter of course lam
kind of a walking advertisement of Cutiouoa.
Teople will call to me when I am going along
the street and tell me how much good my
Cuticura Soap has done their eyes.
Mrs. M. R. CONODON,
Jan. 18, "97. 26 No. Cedar Avenue, Oberlin, O.
&3~ We take pleasure in publishing this testi-
monial as showing the interest token in Ccm-
CDra Remedies, and the various uses made of
them not anticipated or suggested by us. W«
cannot, of course, anticipate " how . Coticuju
Boat will work in cases similar to the above, but
to those who desire to try it we would suggest
beginning with a very weak solution or " suds "
ol warm water and Cuticltu Soap until its
action is determined. For inflamed, granulated,
or eozematotis eyelMs. light applications of Cu-
ticuba ointment will In most cases bo found
lo work wonders. '
Bold throughout the world. Pottib Ditrn *:ri>C|Mtlfc
tomr..soi»Frop»., Bo*on. " Bow to Can HOmon," tot*
pleaded with Stoddard to give her his I
name, but he refused, or at least de
layed. The time came when the un
happy girl must seek consolation from
some source or else go mad, and then
she turned to her mother. Mrs. Overly
came and under her ministrations
Irma found a ray of comfort. Stoddard
was seen and promised the mother that
he would make Irma his wife. That
was one day last week. Mrs. Overly
placed full faith in the young man's
promise, and she still believes he will
hold to his word when he returns to- j
day.
Meanwhile Mr. Wilson had learned
of his daughter's trouble, and came
post haste to San Francisco. All last
week he searched for Stoddard with a
wicked looking revolver, swearing
vengeance on the man who had
wrecked his daughter's happiness, and
vowing he would make the young man
The Three Leading Characters
In the Local Ibsen Drama.
marry the "Irl without a second's de- I
lay. The matter was reported to Chief !
of Police Lees, who promised to aid !
Wilson in every way possible to have i
Stoddard repair the wrong. Detective i
Anthony was set to work on the case I
but failed tj find Stoddard before the '
mail clerk left for Ogden last Friday. '
Mrs. Wilson, however, had several
interviews with the young- man. She
had known him from the time he was !
a mere boy. and she could not believe
he would basely abandon her child
She promised to shield him from all
possible harm and to have her relative
in the Cabinet see that ho was retained
in his position if he would give Irma
his name, and he promised to do so
upon his return.
Should he fail to do so there Is more
serious trouble in store for young Stod
dard than even a father's wrath for
Mrs. Overly has declared that not only
will he lose his position, but she will
seek justice from the courts. She has
consulted attorneys and has ascer
tained that Stoddard is liable to a lone
term in the penitentiary. and that he
shall receive full punishment she is .
determined upon. For that reason she j
will be at the Oakland mole when the
overland arrives this morning, to shield
Stoddard from the father's vengeance J
or to wreak her own upon him. which
ever he may choose.
DYNAMITE WTXL BE USED.
Supervisors Grant Permission to
Baldwin to Haze His Ruins
With High Explosives.
The Board of Supervisors passed yester
day a resolution granting "Lucky" Bald
win permission to make use of dyamlte In
wrecktng the walls of the Baldwin that
remain standing. The Board of Health
has finally brought the old gentleman to
time and he has promised to go ahead
with the work of cleaning up without
delay.
The permit granted him provides that
he may make use of hiph explosives only
between the hours of 2 and 4 in the after
noon, and then only under the direotion
and supervision of the Fire Department.
Mrß. Hanlon Dead.
Mrs. Emllie D. F. Hanlon. one of the
best-known residents of this city, died at
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon at the Pal
ace Hotel after a brief illness of a little
over two weeks. The deceased was the
widow of the late Captain Daniel Hanlon,
who was one of the early pioneers of this
State. On November 25, after eating a
hearty dinner, Mrs. Hanlon broke a blood
vessel in her brain and became uncon
scious. From then until the hour of her
death she was in a comatose condition.
Mrs. Hanlon is survived by six children,
who are: Attorneys Charles F. Hanlon
and John F. Hanlon of this city, Daniel
M. Hanlon of Lassen County, Mrs. Mollie
E. Crump of Boston, Mass.; Mrs. Emilie
E. Banks of Lassen County and Miss
Josephine G. Hanlon. who was living
with her mother. Mrs. Hanlon was born
at Ploen, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany,
and was 60 years of age. She married
Captain Hanlon in London when a young
woman and came to California. She was
a lady of most lovable character and
noted for her liberality to the poor. The
funeral will take place from the Palace
Hotel to-morrow, and after solemn high
mass at the Cathedral, the remains will
be interred in Holy Cross Oemeterv
When she was taken ill Mrs. Hanlon was
about to go to visit her daughter Mrs
Crump, in Boston. She was apparently
in the best of health and had spent the
summer at Del Monte.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DKCEMBKII 13, 1S»8.
IBSEN CAST
A FATAL SPELL
O'ER HER LIFE
"DoIPs House" Is
Deserted.
NIELSEN DIVORCE ROMANCE
TOLD HER HUSBAND SHE LOVED
ANOTHER MAN.
Wronged Spouse Claims His Pretty
Erring Wife Was Hypnotized
by Elias Ruud and the
Norwegian Poet.
Jorgen Nielsen has begun suit for di
vorce from his wife. Camilla Nielsen.
Jorgen is the proprietor of a little watch
repuiring shop on Polk street, and Ca
milla, as far as hr-r unhappy husband
knows, is somewhere in the Northwest
with Elias Ruud, the man she told her
husband she could not live without.
It is an Ibsen tale with a real flesh and j
blood Nora, a wrecked home, a broken- j
hearted husband and two children who !
' will nevermore know the love of a mother.
Nielsen traces all his troubles to his
; wife's study of the great Norwegian
: dramatist, her unfortunate meeting with
Elias Ruud, the close intimacy of private
, theatricals, and concludes the whole with
a dash of mysticism in which a Svengali I
eye and mesmeric power prove important
factors.
Jorgen Nielsen and Camilla Andersen
were married ten years ago in Denmark,
j and for nine years have made their home
in this city. Their union, an unusually
happy one, was blessed by two children
two girls, now aged 9 and 7 years respec
tively. Mrs. Nielsen was young, ex
tremely pretty and with a literary taste
that induced hor to join a Danish dra
matic socioty that made a point of study
ing Ibsen and occasionally producing a
drama from the same prolific source. Mrs.
Nielsen's first appearance was in "Peer
Gynt," and she had for her vis-a-vis in
the production Elias Ruud. insurance
agent, a married man and the father of
three children.
Immediately after the "Peer Gynt" pro
duction Nielsen noticed that his wife lost
her usual high spirits, that her interest .
in home and family was gradually de
rreaFing and her health rapidly failing.
Blatters went on in this way until one
day last May Mrs. Nielsen went to her
husband and told him that she loved an
other, that the other was Ellas Ruud, and
that it was Impossible for her to live
without him. In every way Nielsen tried
to show his erring spouse thp evil of her
way, but without avail. When he told
her of her duty toward her children she
told him .she had a higher duty, and that
was the duty toward herself. Finally
husband and wife agreed to part, the wife
receiving from her husband $800 and all
the household furniture.
Acting upon the advice of Ruud, Mrs
Nielsen invested $200 in a little stationery
store at the Mission. She continued in
business but for two weeks, and then
turned over to Mrs. Ruud the shop and
the furniture she had received from Niel
j sen. After signing over this property to
her lover's wife Mrs. Nielsen and Ruud
left for Tacoma.
Nielsen is suing for divorce on the
i ground 01 desertion. In spite of the mis
< erable conduct of his wife, he finds much
to condone in her, and lays the entire
blame upon Ruud, who, he claims has
hypnotized her and turned her brain with
! Ibsen logic.
Ruud's reputation in the Norwegian
I colony is a most unsavory one. Some
| time ago he figured in a romance in which
his marriage to a young woman was
1 called off at the altar. Ruud had repre
sented himself as a single man, and at
the eleventh hour it was discovered that
he had a wife and family in Norway.
Mrs. Mary Ruud, wife of the eloping
Ibsenite. filed a suit for divorce on the 3d
of December.
More Troops for Manila.
Regarding the transportation of troops
to Manila the following gratifying tele
gram was received by the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday:
"Meikeljohn authorizes the Informa
tion that he is aware of the unpleas
antness of the Suez route. Mobile and
Mohawk, specially fitted for troops to
Manila, will be retained on the Pacific
for transport service between the Phil
ippines and San Francisco."
"California Wild Flowers" and 48 other
new calendars. "Chinese," "Indian " etc
Christmas cards as usual at Sanborn &
Vails. •
Puerto aei Oro Lecture.
This afternoon at 4 o'clock Dr. T. W.
Page of the University of California will
deiiver the last of the series of lectures
presented by Puerto del Oro Chapter of the
Daughters of the American Revolution on
American history. The lecture will be
given in Golden Gate Hall, and the sub
ject is, "Influence of the Development
From 1818 to 1832 on Political Ideas and
Methods."
Have you seen the new collection of paint
ings at Win. Morris" art rooms, 248 Butter? •
DEMOCRATS MAY TAKE
A HAND IN THE GAME
They Resent the Friendship of the Examiner
for Colonel Burns and the
Railroad.
Grant's Salaried Agents Are Openly Boasting That They
Have Written Pledges From Legislators Who Were
"Helped" With Their Employer's
Eastern Money,
For the first time since the announce
ment of the result of the election the
Democratic members of the Legislature
are beginning to take an active inter
est in the selection of the successor of
United States Senator Stephen M.
White. This interest is due primarily
to the candidacy of Colonel Daniel
Burns, but more particularly to the at
titude that has been assumed by the
Kxarniner toward Burns' candidacy
and the railroad interests that are sup
porting It.
Some of the more prominent members
of the Democratic minority who con
sented to discuss the matter yesterday
were emphatic in their declaration that
party lines should be wiped out if such
a course becomes necessary to avert a
public calamity. They contend that
the Examiner, which pretends to be
the leading organ of the Democracy,
having Joined hands with Herrin and
other political manipulators of the
Southern Pacific Company for the pro
motion of Burns' Senatorial candidacy,
should not be allowed to place the
Democratic party in a false light by
inference before the people of the
State. These men claim that if Burns
becomes a candidate before the Legis
lature it will then become the duty of
the Democratic members of that body,
knowing that the election of a Demo
cratic Senator is out of the range of
possibilities, to join hands with honest
Republicans in an effort to elect a man
to the United States Senate who will
enter the American Congress as a rep
resentative of the interests of the peo
ple of California and not the will of the
men who guide the destinies of the
Southern Pacific Raiiroad Company.
That the Examiner has been taken
Into the railroad camp becomes more
and more apparent every day — a fact
that is causing" considerable resent
ment to be manifest ed hy the leaders
of the Democratic party in the city and
State, for the reason, they assert, that
It places the party, in a measure, in the
position of supporting the schemes of
the Southern Pacific Company. The
Examiner is avowedly the mouthpiece
and defender of William F. Herrin, the
railroad's political agent, and It does
not go to the tro-üble of attempting? to
disguise its support of Burns' Sena
torial aspirations. Its agents and em
ployes are working openly In behalf of
Burns, a fact that will be corroborated
by a score or more of legislators who
have been "held up" by the paper's
salaried strikers. This has had the ef
fect of reviving the stories recently
circulated to the effect that a "secret"
contract has been entered into by the
Examiner and the railroad company,
said contract to extend over two ses
sions of the Legislature and one gener
al election, during which time the com
pany shall enjoy "immunity from at
tack" by the paper.
A fair illustration of what a majority
of the members of the Legislature
think of Colonel Burns, his candidacy
and h's supporters, is given in an inter
view had yesterday with a gentleman
who is rightly considered one of the
leaders of the State Senate. He said:
"There are those who must, after all,
sympathize with the fix of the political
agent of a corporation who is forced to
look up a candidate for the United
States Senate on the moral and social
level of his employers. It might be
that the agent, left to himself, would
prefer a man who could play the cor
poration frame with a background of
respectability — one whose past would
not rise up to shame the people who
grave him place, and incidentally scare
off the unwary. But in such a case
your political worker must consider
circumstances. The Senator he wants
may be one thing; the Senator he
must take must be of the ilk his cli
ents can und-— tand and feel at home
with in the srentle arts of addition, di
vision and silence. Particularly the
statesman ought to be one whom his
employers have such a hold upon
through their knowledge of his
darker past that he must necessarily
stay bought and be unable, under any
circumstances, to twit them upon his
superior virtue. Such a task was set
for Mr. Herrin and his selection as a
man meeting all of the requirements
of the complicated situation is Colonel
Dan Burns.
"It is no small matter to satisfy a
group of millionaires who have made
their fortunes in robbing- stockholders,
stuffing dummy corporations, rigging
the market and breaking promises
made to State, county and municipal
governments, in selecting a candidate
for United States Senator when so
much is wanted in Congress in the way
of special privileges. If the choice is
respectable the dirty work may not be
done; if vulgarly and criminally vicious
it may be done for the benefit of the
statesman himself or balked altogether.
The thing is to strike the happy medi
um of rascality where the members of
the corporations stand and where con
cert of action may always be depended
on. In selecting Colonel Burns Mr.
Herrin seems to have hit this happy
medium.
"For once the Senatorial choice is
worthy of those who have made him
and they in turn are worthy of
it. The task seems to have
been a difficult one for the agent, but
who can say that he has not performed
his duty well. Mr. Herrin having com
pleted his task to his own and his em
ployer's satisfaction, It only remains
for the members of the Legislature to
ratify his acts. I do not believe that
there are sixty-one members of the
Legislature who will so far renounce
their sacred obligations to the people
who elected them as to ratify the choice
Mr. Herrin has made for his employers.
! If they did so It would be a tmbllc
! calamity."
The Senatorial candidacy- of U. S.
I Grant Jr. is becoming almost as great
; a stench in the nostrils of decent peo
: pie as that of Colonel Burns. His
; agents openly boast that he has written
! pledsjps from certain members of the
Legislature and that these pledges
were secured by him prior to the elec
tion in return for money given the
members to promote their candidacy.
It is something of a shock to decent
people to hear that a man who aspires
to represent the State in the upper
house of Congress boasts that he owns
certain legislators by reason of the
money he has given them; that he car
ries in his pocket the written evidence
of their servility, and that they dare
not break their chains for fear of the
law. It is not likely that the men
whose honor Mr. Grant boasts of hav
ing purchased will come forward and
confess their infamy and their slavery
before the public, but it may be that if
they have the hardihood to carry out
their part of the illegal and disgraceful
compact there will be others who will
relieve them of the task and at the
same time perform a public service.
It is an old rule in politics that the
man who will buy a vote can himself
be bought. It may be that a candidate
who has purchased votes expects to re
imburse himself, in the event of his
election, for money he has paid to leg
islative candidates and members-elect
by placing his own vote at auction up
on his arrival at the national capital.
To all outward appearances such a
man seems to be a statesman who Is
spending his mother's money, the free
gift of a generous people, and trading
on an honored name for the purpose of
personal gain. For this purpose he
wishes to represent In the national
Congress the people of a State in which
he has lived so short a time that he
is not familiar with its geography, its
needs or its people.
Before and since the election Grant
has had in his employ a small army of
political heelers who have been in
trusted with the work of distributing
his money through the different coun
ties of the State for the purpose of in
fluencing the votes of Legislators.
Grant publicly declares that this money
has been spent for the sole purpose of
promoting his Senatorial candidacy, a
fact that he sets forth as one of the
principal reasons why his claims should
be recognized by the Legislature. He j
recently admitted in an interview that i
this money was furnished him by
prominent friends in the East. It is
also known beyond doubt that one
branch of the Southern Pacific Com
pany's stockholders is seeking to se
cure his election. This interest is rep
resented by First Vice-President Hub
bard in New York and is supplemented
by the owners of the Santa Fe road.
With Burns and his record and the
C. P. Huntlngton end of the Southern
Pacific Company on one side and I
Grant and the Hubbard end of the j
Southern Pacific on the other the. good
people of California have small show
of an honest representative in Con- ;
gress to succeed Senator White. It is
not conceivable that the Republican |
party in this State will permit either i
of these worthies to attain the object j
for which they are aiming.
Mr. Grant's services to the Republi
can party in this State consist of knif
ing the State ticket in San Diego
County at the last election so success
fully that in the event of a close vote
he would have succeeeded in defeating i
almost the entire State ticket. It is
possible that some one knows why |
Mr. Grant has a claim on the party !
sufficiently strong to entitle him to ',
consideration as a Senatorial candi
date. If some one of hia salaried
agents will come forward with one
reason — save that his name is Grant —
why he should be elected United States
Senator The Call will gladly publish
the same.
It does not seem within the range of
possibilities that the people of this
State wish to be represented in the
national Senate by a stranger who is
trying to purchase his election with
Eastern money and whose interests
are the interests of Eastern men who
have nothing in common with Califor
nia or Californians.
t? '
plavs for the Grnm-o-phore
Company as the " March King" wants
his music reproduced as near natural a r
possible, that it will do his playing
justice, and he knows that the
Gtam'Of'phone
is the machine that does It
Com« in and hear one of his marches
as played by his famous band.
The Gram-o-phone makes a good
Christmas present.
Price, 527.50
two records free
Additional records 60c each; $7 a dozen
H'-'-iS?' - : ***^r^^^^^^iS^y
= ~ —
Constantly on exhibition at
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO'S
Piano and Music House
Kearny and Sutter Sts. San Francisco
ADVEBTISUffiEKTS. '.
Open evenings until nine \
OVERCOATS
for gentlemen.
Made by
Brokaw Bros and
Rogers, Peet^Co
New York's
best tailors
Black melton medium
weight serge lining $22
Domestic Oxford,
cheviot, winter weight,
satin shoulders, serge
lining $24
Black kersey, fall
weight $24
Heavy black cheviot,
silk faced to edge; for
dress up $3°
others as low as $17
An imported herring
boned, satin lined
throughout $32
others at $20 and $22
We carry other overcoats from $5 to $20
We sell glove and hat orders
Roos Bros*
Kearny and Post
Health is Wealth,
I DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
It sold under positive Written Guarantee,
1 by authorized agents only, to euro Weak Memory,
; Dizziness, Wakefulnese, Fits, Hysteria. Quick-
3088, Night Losses, Evil Dreams. Lack of Confi-
dence. Nervousness, Ln6situdo, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive U*o of Tobacco, Opium,
; or Liquor, ■which, leads to Misery, Consumption,
, Insanity and Death. At etore or by mail, $1 a
! box; six for $5; with written euarantee'to
; cure or refund money, sample pack*
I age, containing five days treatment, with full
i instruction!, 26 cents.' Ono sample only sold to
each porson. At store or by mail. ■
fts^^E^"Rcd Label Specialy^^
kdm® Extra Strength. ■§3e£a
a^yfS'jr For Impotency, Loss on|tfP-4r
jZSVfjtgp Power, Lost Manhood, \Ji . /jt!i
TTi?^*- \. Sterility or Barrenness^, ***/
' jSPvtShSI a box; eix for $5, witha^s*g<
fiSsJt^fiff^writtcn euarantee?*!.?^®^,
23«>&-:£ cc v arB in 30 da jc. At 6toro^| p3O
OEO. DAHLBENDSR A CO.. Boie A*tnt«,
114 Kearny at.
t Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
gim Museum of Anatomy
1 §^11 1051 1OSIST ST. '"'■• 6tt & 7th, S. F. C&L
a ft R The Larc»tofit»kiadißtbe World.
iJ^Vjl* DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
l|Wff Coninlt»ti«n free. Writ, for B.ok
\\ | Philosophy of Marriage.
■ W MAILED FREE.
"^^-^^ H'^fr^i^'i*^'^ SHj>s^3£
The advertisement canvasser for a St. Louis daily paper says of
Ripans Tabules : , " Ever since I can remember I have been troubled -
with constipation in its severest form. So acute, in fact, at times, as
to produce dreadful • headaches that, notwithstanding all the outdoor
work afforded me by my vocation, and the latitude it allowed me to
test my pedestrian — which is supposed to be a successful
manner of displacing constipation— l was very often compelled to.
forego .my pursuit of ':* business. ' Constipation with me seemed to 1
be hereditary rather than due to accidental causes, therefore much 1
harder to relieve. In my extremity I often resorted 'to most drastic
measures, but found no cure to be permanent..- In 1892 while con-
nected with the Times of El Paso, Tex., Ripans Tabules were brought
to my notice, and I used them with marked success. Nowadays I i
never suffer from such severe cases of constipation, and the violent 1
headaches I formerly experienced never worry me in the least Some- 1
tinievthough^vhen -fallow myself to '. lapse j for a period into irreg.
u»ar habits, I become slightly constipated, but bv taking the Tabule*
■ according to directions my bowels again perform their functions in 4
*ugnly pleasing K.uauw.l •»*•»•
Imported Oxford,
cheviot, satin shoulders,
serge lined $32
Imported covert cloth,
the finest of its kind, silk
lined throughout $35
Blue Elysian, plain
heavy serge lining $35
Medium weight, dark
herring bone, heavy
serge, silk lined — inter-
lined for warmth $40
Our fine Saxony Ker-
seys in blue and black.
Finest silk shoulder lin-
ing, with best serge body
lining. Correct cut $45
Elysian, finest quality
blue and black silk vel-
vet piping, silk serge lin-
ing throughout $45
Fine Kerseys silk serge
lined throughout $45
The best Saxony Ker-
se}^ in blue, black and
brown, silk lined
throughout, lapels half
faced $50
SPECIAL TO-DAY
IN
Misses' Jackets
At $5.00.
MISSES' JACKETS, made of covert, ker-
sey or boucle cloth, fly or double-breasted
fronts, faced with, silk, worth $10, sale price
$5 each.
(/(/ Murphy Bulldlnar, J
Marlet orirl Janes Streets.
ludiiul ullll uUliua Oil Go id.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
Tarts at HOWARD AND BEAJLE 3T9.
-DRMSNULTY.
rjiHIS WELL-KNOWS AND RELIABLE OLD
X Special Ist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Book on I'rivate Diseases and
Weaknesses of .Men. free. Over 20y'rV experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
toadally;6.SotoB::M ev'gs. Snndavs, 10 to 12. ( 'nnsnl-
totion free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrew
P. ROSCUE MfXTLTY, M.l>.
26^ Kearny at., San Francisco, Cal.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine . and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invigurator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALPS & BRUNE. Agents.
123 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)